scene_heading: UNTITLED 50 CENT PROJECT ~
dialog: Written by
dialog: Terence Winter
dialog: Winter’s 2° Revision
dialog: September 12, 2004
text: DARKNESS. The soft rumble of a motor idling the only sound.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I read a story once where a man
dialog: walked into hell and the only way
dialog: he could get out was by not lookin’
dialog: back when he left. Turned out
dialog: temptation got the best of him and
dialog: he fucked it all up, had to stay
dialog: there forever. Well I was born in
dialog: hell and I'11 tell you one fuckin’
dialog: thing. When my time comes? I
dialog: ain’t lookin’ back.
text: We HEAR the KA-CHACK of a clip being jammed into a pistol and
text: on screen appears:
scene_heading: SOUTH JAMAICA - QUEENS, NEW YORK
scene_heading: EXT. CHECK CASHING STORE - JAMAICA AVENUE - NIGHT
text: Late. Quiet. Run-down neighborhood. A stolen Suburban
text: idles near a Check Cashing store, lights on but gates down,
text: closed for business. PAN the Suburban’s bumper-sticker: “My
dialog: Child Was Student of the Month at Garden City Middle School!”
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY SUBURBAN - CONTINUOUS
text: The occupants: five African-American males and a Guest.
text: In the driver’s seat is KERYL, 23. Next to him sits ROMEO,
text: 18, who tokes on a huge spliff, a Glock .9mm in his lap.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: C‘mon, lemme get that shit.
text: Romeo passes the joint to BAMA, 23, Southern accent, who
text: holds another .9mm -- In the back, MARCUS, their 25 year
text: old leader, holds an Uzi. In between him and TYRELL, 22,
text: sits RODRIGO, a trembling Colombian about 30.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: {to Rodrigo)
dialog: One more time I’ma run this down.
dialog: We gettin’ out this car, we gonna
dialog: walk to that side door. You gonna
dialog: knock the code, you ain't gonna say
dialog: a motherfuckin’ word. Comprende?
speaker_heading: RODRIGO
dialog: Si. Yes. Please no shoot me.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 2.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: That’s up to you, motherfucker.
text: Marcus presses the Uzi against Rodrigo’s temple, leans in:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Try any shit I’1l paint that store
dialog: with your fuckin’ brains.
dialog: (then; to the others)
dialog: Let's do this.
text: As they all pull ski masks down over their faces...
scene_heading: INT. CHECK CASHING STORE ~- NIGHT
text: A chain-smoking KOREAN MAN, 50s, sits at a table, counting
text: Machine WHIRRING as it spits out stacks of HUNDRED DOLLAR
text: BILLS. Nearby, two KOREAN WOMEN tie the stacks with bands.
text: Across the room, a Colombian GUARD watches a Tony Robbins
text: infomercial on TV. A few beats, then a coded knock on the
scene_heading: side door. RAP. RAP. RAP-RAP-RAP. The Guard approaches the
text: peephole, his .45 pistol still in its holster.
text: GUARD'S POV THROUGH PEEPHOLE - Rodrigo stands outside, holds
text: up a Nathan’s bag. As he unlocks the door...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Fuck you been, I‘m starvin’ in--
text: BAMMMM!!! The door kicks in violently, knocking the Guard
text: backward nearly off his feet. The Korean Women SCREAM,
text: throwing up their hands as Marcus & Co. pile in.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuckin’ move I‘ll blow your fuckin’
dialog: heads off!
text: In a flash, Bama is on the Guard, .9mm jammed in his eye.
text: He quickly takes the .45, forces the guy to his stomach as
text: Tyrell shoves Rodrigo to the floor next to him.
text: While Romeo covers the Women, Marcus produces a nylon duffel
text: bag. Workmanlike as the Grinch, but ten times faster, he
text: fills it with the cash. As he loads the money:
speaker_heading: KOREAN MAN
dialog: Goddamn cocksucker!
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Shut the fuck up!
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 3.
text: At the table, Marcus cleans out the counting machine, shoving
text: the bills into the duffel bag. Bama nudges the Korean Man.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Where the rest at?
speaker_heading: KOREAN MAN
dialog: That all, no more!
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: (glancing at his watch)
dialog: Sixty seconds!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: A-ight, we done.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Fuck‘s the rest of the money?!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: We got what we need, let’s go!
speaker_heading: BAMA
text: Lemme grabs the Lottos.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I said let’s--
text: Just then, another Colombian GUARD appears in the front
text: doorway, raises a sawed-off shotgun...
text: KA-BLAMMM! ! ! A huge hole is blown in the wall inches from
text: Bama's head. With the Women screaming, Bama holds his
text: shattered eardrum as Marcus sprays the Uzi at the Guard,
text: taking him out. Marcus shoves the duffel into Romeo's hand.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Gol! Got!
text: As Romeo bolts off, Tyrell covers the room while Marcus grabs
text: Bama, carrying him out the door with one arm.
scene_heading: EXT. DARKENED STREET - NIGHT
text: In panic mode, Romeo sprints to the Suburban, tosses the
text: duffel in. Marcus rushes up holding Bama, Tyrell following.
speaker_heading: KERYL MARCUS
dialog: Fuck happened in there?! Help me get him in!
text: Romeo and Tyrell help Marcus lift Bama, pile in after him.
dialog: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 4,
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Drive!! Gol! Gol!
text: As they screech off, SIRENS blare in the distance and we...
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: A CHERRY TOP LIGHT -- spinning wildly, flashing in the dark.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal it’s on an AMBULANCE that
text: screeches down the Van Wyck Expressway. On screen appears:
dialog: 1976
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I was born in 1976, same year as
dialog: the Bicentennial.
text: Laying on the gurney is KATRINA, 15, pretty, African-American
text: and very pregnant; she moans loudly, in full labor. Her
text: MOTHER, 40s, holds her hand as a PARAMEDIC checks her vitals.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: It hurts! Ohhh! Motherfucker!!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I did it nine times, baby, I know.
text: And as Katrina continues moaning...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: The little girl on the gurney’s my
text: moms. She‘s fifteen years old.
scene_heading: INT. KATRINA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A cramped room; Stevie Wonder & Charlie’s Angels (the TV
text: show) posters on the wall, clothes everywhere. With her
text: three SISTERS asleep nearby, Katrina lays awake, staring at
text: a mirrored disco ball hanging from the ceiling.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I never knew for sure who my pops
dialog: was - she never really talked about
dialog: him at all. She always told me I
dialog: was the immaculate conception.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 5.
text: Suddenly the disco ball starts glowing; a bright, other-
text: worldy light fills the room, reflecting off Stevie Wonder’s
text: sunglasses. It washes down over Charlie's Angels, alighting
text: Katrina’s face as she sits up in bed.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: I guess I liked that better than
dialog: the truth, which was probably that
dialog: he was some no-account nigga from
dialog: the hood.
scene_heading: INT. TACO BELL ~ DAY
text: Katrina, now 19, scoops meat into a row of taco shells.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: It didn’t really matter anyway -
dialog: with my moms around, I didn‘t need
dialog: no dad. See most girls her age
dialog: woulda gone on welfare, let the
dialog: government pay their ass, but
dialog: Katrina Philips wasn‘t about
dialog: that shit.
scene_heading: INT. TACO BELL - BACK ROOM - NIGHT
text: Katrina punches her time card, opens her pay envelope,
text: glances at the check - $89.00. She frowns slightly.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: She assessed her options, tradin’
dialog: fast food for fast money.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - QUEENS - DAY
text: Katrina, 22 and blinged-out, leans into a Monte Carlo full of
text: white COLLEGE GUYS. The DRIVER hands her a $20; she slips
text: him a foil packet of coke. As he pulls away, Katrina heads
text: back to her spot on the corner, sips a Sprite. Further up
dialog: the block, a hard-looking hustler we’ll come to know as
text: TOPCAT, 28, gives her a subtle nod.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Time she was twenty two, she had
text: her own house and a brand new Buick
dialog: Regal -- for me, every day was
dialog: Christmas with my moms.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 6.
scene_heading: EXT. TOYS ‘R US - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Marcus, now 8 and wearing a thick gold chain, running suit
text: and bright white sneakers, holds an armload of toys as he
text: follows Katrina toward a a shiny black ‘84 Buick Regal.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Can we go to Carvel?
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: (checks her beeper)
dialog: I gotta make a stop first, baby.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - QUEENS - DAY
text: With rap music on the radio, the Regal sits parked at the
text: curb, Marcus in the passenger seat playing with a “Mr. T”
text: A-Team action figure. Nearby, Katrina stands arguing with
dialog: SLIM, rail thin, Geri-curled, 20s. Topcat, the hustler we
dialog: met earlier, mediates.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: Nine times I told this motherfucker
dialog: stay on his side the boulevard!
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: You own this fuckin’ street?
dialog: Opportunity knocks, I take the
dialog: sale, bitch.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: {lunges at him)
dialog: Who you call bitch, motherfucker?!
text: Katrina slaps and scratches at Slim; he tries to fight back.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT SLIM
dialog: Whoa, whoa! Don’t push me, girl - I will
dialog: fuckin’ beat your ass!
text: Topcat separates the two of them.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Chill now, fuck you doin'?! You
dialog: don‘t do that shit out here!
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: Lionel Richie-lookin’ motherfucker.
text: Topcat gives them hard looks. Things calm down, then:
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 7.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Here’s how it’s gonna be. Trina
dialog: works the south side of Brewer
dialog: and you stay the fuck ‘cross the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Bitch be pickin’ my pocket.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: (reaching for his gun)
dialog: Fuck I just say motherfucker?
text: Topeat stares him down, ice-cold eyes. A few beats, then:
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Now get your bony ass back there.
text: Slim shoots Katrina a look, then crosses the street.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: Pussy ass nigga.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Take it easy. Everybody gonna eat.
text: Topeat looks over, notices Marcus sitting in the car.
text: He crosses to him, leans inside, smiles.
scene_heading: INT. KATRINA'S REGAL ~ CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Hey lil’ homey, who you got there?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Mr. T.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Mr. T?! I ever tell you ‘bout the
dialog: time I whupped his ass?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You buggin’. Mr. T is bad.
text: Topcat smiles, pats Marcus’ head as Katrina gets in the car.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: I’m droppin’ him off, I’1l be back
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Time‘s money, Trina.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 8.
text: Topcat crosses off. Katrina settles in. Marcus is quiet.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: Y'all right baby boy?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Why was you fightin’ with that man?
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: Who, Slim? He was tryin’ to take
dialog: somethin’ belonged to me baby, and
dialog: you can’t let people do that. You
dialog: gotta be strong.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I don’t like when people fight.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: What you worried about? Don’t you
dialog: know I‘d never let nothin’ happen
dialog: to you? Look at me, baby.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: I will always protect you.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: C'mon now, let’s get some Carvel.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA‘S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Now in pj‘s, Marcus sits on the couch eating Carvel ice cream
text: with six other BOYS and GIRLS ranging from age 12 to 25.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Though Katrina had her own crib,
dialog: a lot of time I stayed with my
dialog: grandparents and my eight aunts
dialog: and uncles -- shit, some of them
dialog: niggas weren‘t much older than me.
text: UNCLE SPORT, 17, and GRANDPA attempt to hook up a new VCR.
speaker_heading: UNCLE SPORT
dialog: You plugged it in output. You
dialog: gotta use input.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Shut your ig‘nant mouth ‘for I
dialog: input my boot up your ass.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 9.
text: The CAMERA DRIFTS to THE FOYER, where Katrina and Marcus’
text: Grandma, now 50s, are in the midst of a hushed argument.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: He don’t need your money, Katrina,
dialog: he needs you.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: He got me. I’m here, ain‘t I?
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: And when you go get yourself in
dialog: jail, then what?
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: I ain't goin’ to jail, will you
dialog: stop sweatin’ my ass?
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: Don‘t you use that lang--~
text: Katrina looks, noticing something. Grandma turns to see what
text: it is ~ Marcus is watching them. They trade looks. A truce.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: Marcus, say goodbye to your mama.
text: Marcus approaches. Katrina kneels down, smiles.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: I'll see you Saturday, okay, baby?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Can we get the Atari?
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: I told you we could, didn't I?
dialog: (off Marcus’ smile)
dialog: Now gimme a kiss.
text: Marcus kisses his mother; she hugs him, exits.
scene_heading: EXT. KATRINA‘’S HOUSE ~ LONG ISLAND - NIGHT
text: Late. Katrina pulls the Regal into the driveway of a neat
text: ranch style home on a quiet suburban street.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Turned out I never did get that
dialog: Atari -- Katrina didn’t show up
dialog: that Saturday.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 10.
scene_heading: INT. KATRINA‘S HOUSE - LONG ISLAND - NIGHT
text: Katrina enters the foyer, flips on the light. And as soon as
text: she closes the door...
text: SLIM APPEARS from behind it, slipping an electrical cord
text: around her throat. Knee in her back, he YANKS violently on
text: the cord, lifting her off her feet. Katrina flails wildly,
text: kicking, scratching, eyes bulging. Slim tightens his grip.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: That was the day they found her
dialog: body.
scene_heading: EXT. KATRINA'S HOUSE - LONG ISLAND ~- DAY
text: A few KIDS on bicycles look on as two UNIFORMED MEN from the
text: Coroner's office remove Katrina‘s corpse in a body bag.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Just like that, my mom’s life
dialog: ended. Life as I knew it ended too.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Near a meager Christmas tree, the family sits around in robes
text: and pj's, looking on as Marcus unwraps a few simple presents.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: With my grandpa on disability and
dialog: eight other kids to feed, shit like
dialog: Atari was a thing of the past.
text: Marcus opens a gift - a bag of small green plastic Army Men.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKAWAY BOULEVARD -~ DAY
text: Bookbag over his shoulder, Marcus walks to school past
text: boarded-up storefronts; garbage, broken glass everywhere.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: In addition to me, that summer
dialog: there was another new arrival in
dialog: Queens -- crack swept through like
dialog: a hurricane. Some folks said it
dialog: was the worst thing ever happened
dialog: to the hood...
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 11.
text: SIRENS in the distance, Marcus side-steps a filthy, pregnant
text: CRACK HO, who stands with a few other emaciated FIENDS.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Some said it was the best.
text: A HUSTLER drives by in a gleaming ‘85 Bonneville, dripping
text: with gold jewelry as rap music BLARES from his stereo.
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC SCHOOL - DAY
text: The BELL rings; KIDS pour out of the graffiti-covered school,
text: including Marcus and CAMERON, a skinny kid in glasses about
text: his own age. In contrast to Marcus’ hand-me-downs, Cameron
text: is well dressed, wearing a brand new Starter jacket.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
text: ...then Rambo grabs the Chinese
dialog: dude and hits him like pow!!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Who, the first dude?
text: Across the street, some older KIDS hang out smoking, boom-box
text: cranked. Their ringleader, KENNETH, a scary-looking, light-
text: skinned, redheaded bully about 13 spots Cameron.
speaker_heading: KENNETH
dialog: Yo, yo, Cameron. Hold up!
speaker_heading: CAMERON MARCUS
dialog: (nervous ) (to Cameron)
dialog: Nah man, I gotta go home. Who that?
speaker_heading: KENNETH
dialog: Yo, lemme holla at you a second!
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Run Marcus!
text: Marcus and Cameron take off running. Kenneth starts chasing
text: them, but can’t dodge the traffic to cross the street.
speaker_heading: KENNETH
dialog: I catch you little nigga that
dialog: jacket is mine!
scene_heading: EXT. GRANDMA’S HOUSE - STREET - DUSK
text: Marcus and Cameron sit quietly on the curb, carving their
text: names in the blacktop with nails.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 12.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You ever think about your moms?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I dunno, sometimes.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Shit's messed up.
text: Marcus half-shrugs. A few beats, then:
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Wanna play skelly?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Okay, lemme get my cap.
text: They stand. Just then, the street lights come on.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Aww, man.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Cameron was a rarity in the hood, a
dialog: kid with somethin‘ almost no other
dialog: kid had - a moms and a dad.
text: Across the street, CAMERON’S FATHER, 35, pokes his head out
text: of the screen door of a small, neatly-kept house.
speaker_heading: CAMERON'S FATHER
dialog: Cameron!
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I know. See you tomorrow, Marcus.
text: Marcus watches as Cameron crosses the street and goes inside.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Every night when that street light
dialog: came on, it was time for Cameron to
dialog: go in. I hated that fuckin’ light.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANDMA’S HOUSE - STREET - NIGHT
text: Marcus stands alone in the deserted street, throwing rocks at
text: the street light’s bulb. After a few tries with no success,
text: he sits, takes a small plastic Soldier from his pocket. He
text: plays with it a bit, then after a while starts talking to it:
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 13.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What ‘chu worried about, man?
dialog: You gotta be tough. Don‘t you
dialog: know I’1l always protect you?
text: Marcus sits alone, the sound of SIRENS in the distance...
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC SCHOOL - SCHOOLYARD - DAY
text: In the garbage-strewn schoolyard, rap music plays from a
text: nearby boom box. Marcus looks on with a few other KIDS
text: as a GIRL break-dances on a piece of cardboard.
speaker_heading: KID #1 , KID #2
dialog: Pop-lock like you did before! That shit crazy.
text: Just then, outside the fence, a commotion. Marcus looks,
text: sees Cameron surrounded by the bully Kenneth and his boys.
speaker_heading: KID #1
dialog: Oh snap, Cameron in trouble now.
text: As Kenneth tries to yank off Cameron’s jacket, Marcus reaches
text: in his pocket. He squeezes the plastic Soldier, then
text: purposefully strides across the schoolyard onto the street.
speaker_heading: KID #2
dialog: Where you goin’, Marcus?
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
text: Growin’ up in the hood it’s a
dialog: constant battle to get nice things.
text: Barely missing a step, Marcus grabs a loose six-inch piece
text: of concrete from the sidewalk around a tree.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: It's a bigger battle to keep ‘em.
text: Marcus approaches Kenneth, whose back is to him as he roughly
text: yanks off Cameron‘s starter jacket.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Hey!
text: Kenneth turns and... WHAMMMM!! Marcus SMASHES him across
text: the face with the concrete. A gash immediately opens over
text: Kenneth’s eye, blood pouring down his shirt as he goes down.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Touch him again I will fuck your
dialog: ass up! All you motherfuckers!
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 14.
text: Kenneth crawls to his feet, runs off. His gang suddenly gets
text: very quiet. Marcus stares them down - no one has the balls
text: to challenge him. He leads Cameron back to the schoolyard...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Over the next few years, I made
dialog: a reputation for myself with the
text: other kids. And in the hood,
dialog: reputation is the cornerstone
dialog: of power.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKAWAY BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Marcus, now 12, walks down the street. He stops to look in
text: the window of “Value World Shoes”, where a sharp-looking pair
text: of Adidas’ is on display with a price tag of $75.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: The problem with a reputation’s
dialog: you gotta live up to it. And it's
dialog: hard lookin’ fly wearin’ Pro
dialog: fuckin' Keds.
text: Marcus looks down at his own ratty sneakers and heads off.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: A dejected Marcus walks down the street, which is dotted
text: with crack HUSTLERS and FIENDS. On the corner, looking
text: like a million bucks, Topcat leans on his ‘88 Caddy Seville,
text: smooth-talking a neighborhood HOTTIE. As Marcus passes by:
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Yo, how you doin’, b.g.?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I’m a-ight.
text: As the Hottie crosses off, Marcus approaches Topcat.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Look at you, all growed up. So
dialog: what's happenin’, brother?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I dunno. Goin’ to school.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Educate thyself, your mama‘d be
dialog: proud. So you need anything?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 1s.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Nah.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Ah, see now you lyin’ to Topcat.
dialog: Everybody need somethin’.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: {shrugs; shy)
text: Tryin’ to hold some Adidas’.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Sneakers, that all? Shit, I’ll
dialog: have you rockin’ sneakers and some
dialog: new gear.
scene_heading: EXT. QUEEN’S PLAZA MALL - DAY
text: With Marcus in the passenger seat, Topcat pulls the Seville
text: into the mall parking lot, rap music thumping.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: There’s two sure ways to get a
dialog: kid to do somethin’. Take away
dialog: what they already have or give
dialog: ‘em somethin’ they want.
scene_heading: INT. QUEEN'S PLAZA MALL - MONTAGE
text: In a shoe store, Marcus tries on new Adidas’; Topcat pays in
text: cash from a thick wad. Another store; Marcus picks out a
text: Starter jacket, matching hat. In a jewelry store, Marcus
text: reluctantly picks out a gold chain; Topcat nods it's okay.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: You wanna make friends, givin'
dialog: somethin’ they want works a whole
dialog: lot better.
scene_heading: INT. MCDONALD’S - DAY
text: Nearly empty. Eating a Big Mac, wearing his new clothes,
text: Marcus sits across from Topcat, who smokes, but doesn’t eat.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Tell you man, your moms? That
dialog: there was a special lady. And
dialog: smart? Shit. She loved your
dialog: ass too, you know.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project and Revision 09/12/04 16.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: (a few beats; then)
dialog: Like your new threads?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You trippin’? They great.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Tell you what... nah, forget it.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Nah, you too young.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: No I ain’t, what?
text: Topeat feigns that he’s thinking it over, then “caves”.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: A-ight, but only cause your moms
dialog: was a friend of mine. Instead of
dialog: you askin’ for fish, how you’d like
dialog: if I give you a pole instead?
dialog: (off Marcus’ confusion)
dialog: What I'm sayin’ is how'd you like
dialog: to be able to buy all this shit
dialog: yourself. Matter fact, how you'd
dialog: like to be able to buy anything
dialog: you want?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Shit yeah.
text: Topcat looks around, then leans in.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Here’s the thing then, man to man.
dialog: You know what crack is, right?
dialog: (off Marcus’ nod)
dialog: Well you should never ever do that
dialog: shit, it fucks you all up. But
dialog: long as there’s other niggas stupid
dialog: enough to do it, why not turn that
dialog: to your advantage?
dialog: (looks around; pulls
dialog: out a vial)
dialog: See this little shit?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 17.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT (cont'd)
dialog: You can stand on Brewer thirty
dialog: seconds, sell it to a fiend for ten
dialog: dollar.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Ten dollar for that?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Tell you what else. He got the
dialog: paper, that same fiend gonna come
dialog: back in two hours buy another.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: (smiles; then)
dialog: A-ight, here’s I’ma do, I'ma hook
dialog: you up, give you a tryout.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: {holds up vial)
dialog: We go back to Brewer, I‘ma give
dialog: you five of these. Every four
dialog: you pump for me, you pump one for
dialog: yourself, keep the money. That’s
dialog: a ten dollar profit.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Whoa.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: This a big opportunity little man,
dialog: you sure you can handle it?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Hell yeah.
text: And as Marcus and Topcat shake hands, we FREEZE FRAME:
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: From that moment, I was addicted to
dialog: crack. Not doin’ it -- sellin’ it.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: As Topcat looks on from down the block, 12-year-old Marcus
text: stands amidst a few other Hustlers ranging from age 16 to 25.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Every afternoon from three to six I
text: was out on the street.
dialog: untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 18,
text: A gypsy CAB pulls up; the PASSENGER waves Marcus over.
text: He approaches, trades crack for cash; the Cab pulls off.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: CLOSE ON A CLOCK - 6:12 p.m. Marcus enters, passing Grandma,
text: who smiles at him as she makes spaghetti.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: I told my grandma I joined some
dialog: bullshit after-school program.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD ~ DAY
text: Marcus is on the street; a shaky FIEND, 20s, approaches with
text: a handful of crumpled-up singles.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Most hustlers wouldn't take
dialog: singles, but me, I‘d take fuckin’
dialog: pennies that’s all a fiend had.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' BEDROOM - BASEMENT - DAY
text: Using a phone book to lean on, Marcus uses a steam iron to
text: neatly press a stack of bills into crisp, flat notes.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I got so obsessed with money I used
dialog: to iron the bills out, count how
dialog: much I had over and over and over.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS’ BEDROOM - BASEMENT - DAY
text: Marcus sits on the bed, finishes lacing up his old pair of
text: Pro Keds. He grabs his bookbag, exits.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Marcus enters the kitchen, says goodbye to Grandma, who
text: serves Grandpa waffles at the table.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: Got your chess club today, baby?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah, till six.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 19.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Boy a genius.
text: Marcus exits.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: The fucked up thing is for all the
dialog: green I was holdin’, I couldn‘t let
dialog: my grandparents know about it.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMERON’S HOUSE - BACK YARD - DAY
text: As Cameron acts as look-out, Marcus slips off his Keds, then
text: pulls a Hefty bag out from behind the garage.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Come on Marcus, hurry.
text: From a small selection of brand new pairs of sneakers, Marcus
text: removes a pair of snow white Adidas’ from the bag.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I stashed my real sneakers over
text: behind Cameron's garage.
text: And as he starts changing his sneakers...
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - NIGHT
text: Marcus and a few other Hustlers stand around a boombox, which
text: blares NWA. One of them, a scary, droopy-eyed thug we'll
text: come to know as JUNEBUG, 16, bops his head to the music.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: It was right around this time I
dialog: first got into rap. I mean once
dialog: NWA dropped they shit, every nigga
dialog: I knew was rhymin’.
speaker_heading: JUNEBUG
dialog: Yo, you feelin’ this shit?
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: For the first time we heard music
dialog: that truly reflected our lives...
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Marcus and Cameron make their way down the street, passing a
text: Hustler who raps as a few others look on.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 20.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Hustlers, fiends, even little kids
dialog: wanted to be rappers. Me and my
dialog: friends‘d fuck around in the yard,
dialog: write our own verses.
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC SCHOOL - SCHOOLYARD - DAY
text: Marcus, Cameron and a few other 5th GRADERS look on as one of
text: them, LEONARD, raps to a tired, old-school beat.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: My name is. Leonard and I’m here to
dialog: say/That I’m the best rapper in the
dialog: world today...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: The difference was I took it
dialog: serious, actually worked at it.
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC SCHOOL - SCHOOLYARD -
text: The same KIDS are gathered near Marcus, who raps to a beat.
dialog: He‘s colorful, clever and very talented, but way too hardcore
text: for a 5th grader, with lyrics about crack, murder and pussy.
text: A TEACHER walks by on her way into the school, overhearing
text: Marcus as he raps. And on her appalled expression...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: But much as I liked rappin’, it
dialog: was sort of just a hobby -- nothin’
dialog: gave me a rush like makin’ money.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Marcus, now 15 and wearing new clothes and jewelry, works the
text: street. Nearby we see Junebug, now 19, in a tense discussion
text: with a THUG in a Yankee’s cap.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Not that hustlin’ didn’t have its
dialog: down-side. There was fierce
dialog: fuckin’ competition.
text: A strung-out WOMAN pulls up in a car; Marcus and two other
text: Hustlers race to make the sale.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 21.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - NIGHT
text: With other Hustlers nearby, Marcus selis to Kenneth, the
text: schoolyard bully, who now has a scar over his eye.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Plus there was always the po-po to
dialog: worry about.
speaker_heading: HUSTLER (0.C.)
dialog: Five-0!!
text: Kenneth runs off. Marcus bolts behind a parked car, ducks
text: down as a POLICE CRUISER passes by.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Marcus sells to a Fiend. Nearby, talking on a pay phone is
text: the THUG in the Yankee’s cap.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: But your biggest problem was one
dialog: you might not even know you had...
text: A rusty Nissan rolls to a stop. As casually as if he's
text: buying a newspaper, Junebug emerges from the back, walks to
dialog: the Thug in the Yankee cap...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
text: Beef with another nigga.
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM!
text: Junebug empties a Glock into YANKEE CAP‘S body, finishing
text: him off with three head shots. As blood pools on the
text: sidewalk, Junebug locks eyes with Marcus, then jumps back
text: in the Nissan, which screeches off.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: It’s some fucked up shit, but as
dialog: they say, no risk, no reward. And
dialog: by the time I was 15, I had more
dialog: “reward” than I could hide.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: As Marcus, Junebug and a few other Hustlers look on from down
text: the street, Topcat stands talking to a shifty-looking, gold-
dialog: toothed hustler we’ll come to know as ODELL, 27.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 22.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Cash, jewelry, I even had my own
dialog: Kawasaki I'd ride to school every
dialog: day. But all that shit was nothin’
dialog: compared to what some niggas had.
text: In SLO-MO, a midnight blue Rolls Royce pulls over near Topcat
text: and Odell. From up front step two hard-looking gangstas in
text: their 20s -- MAJESTIC, shaved head, and BREEZE, dreds. They
text: look around, then open the rear door for LEVAR CAHILL, late-
text: 30s, dressed from head to toe in leather and diamonds.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: In the New York coke trade, not
dialog: even the Colombians were bigger
dialog: than Levar Cahill.
text: As Majestic and Breeze look on, Levar greets Topcat and
text: Odell, who smiles broadly, flashing his prominent gold teeth.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Fuck, that nigga was the New York
dialog: coke trade, the gangsterest nigga
dialog: there was.
speaker_heading: HUSTLER #1
dialog: Whoa, check that fuckin’ ride.
speaker_heading: JUNEBUG
dialog: Rolls ain’t shit. Bentley, that’s
dialog: my fuckin’ car.
text: Just then, from down the block:
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Marcus! Yo Marcus!
text: Topcat waves Marcus over. He starts over, tentative.
speaker_heading: JUNEBUG
dialog: Oooh, look at this nigga. Fresh
text: off the step, now he hangin’ with
dialog: the big dawgs.
text: Marcus approaches nervously. Levar turns to Topcat.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Who this little nigga?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: You remember Trina, right?
dialog: (off his confusion)
dialog: Trina?
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 23.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: (flash of recognition)
dialog: Oh yeah, right. Right.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: This here her baby boy.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Word?
text: Levar smiles broadly, looks Marcus over approvingly.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Little nigga move more weight than
dialog: five of these other motherfuckers.
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: True dat, boy a worker bee.
text: From down the block, Junebug looks on, clearly jealous at the
text: attention Marcus is getting from the big man.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: So you out there grindin’, makin’
dialog: me money?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah, I... You like a God to me,
dialog: Mr. Cahill.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: (smiling broadly)
dialog: Like a God? Little nigga I’m
dialog: God, Buddha and motherfuckin’
dialog: Allah rolled into one.
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC SCHOOL - DAY
text: Marcus pulls up on his motorcycle, parks it outside.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I went home that night in a daze, I
dialog: mean meetin’ Levar Cahill was like
dialog: meetin‘ a movie star, even better.
text: We see a makeshift cardboard license plate as Marcus takes
text: his backpack and heads off toward the school entrance.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I still wasn’t thinkin’ straight
dialog: when I left for school next day.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 24.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC SCHOOL ~ DAY
text: STUDENTS wait on line to go through a metal detector, placing
text: their bags on a table to be searched. Marcus approaches.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Bag.
text: Marcus hands over his backpack. The GUARD opens it, pulis
text: out a notebook, gym clothes, a pair of hi-tops with rolled up
text: socks stuffed inside. He pulls out the socks - and out spill
text: a dozen CRACK VIALS. Marcus looks as shocked as the Guard.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Oh fuck.
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC SCHOOL - LATER
text: As a few TEACHERS and STUDENTS look on, a COP leads a
text: handcuffed Marcus to a waiting POLICE CAR.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: The truth is I wasn’t sneakin’
dialog: that shit inside, I never hustled
dialog: at school. I had hid it in there
dialog: weeks ago and forgot all about it.
scene_heading: INT. COURT ~ DAY
text: Marcus, head bowed, stands with his LAWYER before a JUDGE as
text: Grandma and Grandpa look on from the spectator section.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: It’s a first offense, your honor,
dialog: he’s fifteen years old. He was
text: holding it for a friend.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (thinks a beat; then)
dialog: He‘ll pay a fine of five hundred
dialog: dollars and I‘m recommending he be
dialog: suspended from school for two
dialog: weeks. And Mr. Philips?
dialog: (off Marcus’ look)
dialog: If I ever see you in my courtroom
dialog: again you will go to jail.
text: Marcus nods, crosses with his Lawyer to his Grandparents.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 25.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I know this sounds twisted, but
dialog: I blamed gettin’ caught on my
dialog: grandparents. Way I saw it, if I
dialog: didn‘t have to hide my shit, this
dialog: never woulda happened.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Marcus sits on the couch across from his Grandparents.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Is that what you wanna be, a damn
dialog: disgrace?!
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: A boy your age, Marcus. And you
dialog: have such intelligence.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: What about your future?
text: They keep talking, but we can‘t hear them at all.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: For a kid in the hood, the future’s
dialog: the shit you see in Star Wars.
dialog: Shit, most niggas I know catch a
dialog: bullet way before they’re 30, so
dialog: what kinda future is that?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT (V.0.)
dialog: (game show host voice)
dialog: So here‘s the deal...
scene_heading: INT. GAME SHOW SET - FANTASY SEQUENCE
text: On the set of “Let’s Make a Drug Deal”, Marcus stands with
text: Topcat, who’s dressed and acts like a cheesy game show Host.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: You can stand on the corner, hustle
dialog: crack and have enough money for a
dialog: Mercedes in six months...
text: Topcat nods toward his lovely game show ASSISTANT, in bikini,
text: heels and fur as she fawns over a Mercedes 450SL.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 26.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Or you can bust your black ass,
dialog: go to college for twelve years and
dialog: Maybe have enough left over for a
dialog: down payment on a Ford fucking
dialog: Escort.
text: Topcat gestures to his other ASSISTANT - a fat, middle-aged
text: HOUSEWIFE gesturing to a shitty Ford Escort.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: So what‘s it gonna be Marcus, door
dialog: number one, the Mercedes, or door
dialog: number two, the Escort?
text: THE AUDIENCE is packed with YOUNG BLACK MALES.
scene_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #1 AUDIENCE MEMBER #2
dialog: You crazy nigga?! Number One! Get that coochie too!
dialog: one!
text: BACK TO MARCUS, who stands with Topcat thinking it over.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Not much of a choice, is it?
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - BEDROOM - DAY
text: With his back to the camera, wearing a brand new track suit,
text: Marcus finishes dressing, lacing up his sneakers.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Truth is getting caught did do me
dialog: gome good.
text: CLOSE ON his hands as he puts on some jewelry.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Now that it was all in the open,
dialog: it forced me to decide who I was
dialog: and who I wanted to be.
text: He clips a beeper on his waist, slips a .380 in his pocket.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: At the end of the day, all things
dialog: considered...
text: The adult Marcus, 18, turns and looks directly INTO CAMERA.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I‘m a fuckin’ hustler, baby.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 27.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Softly rapping to himself, Marcus stands at his designated
text: spot on the street, a few other Hustlers up the block.
dialog: (NOTE: Whenever possible, we should see Marcus rapping
dialog: to himself out of habit, the way some people hum.)
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: With my purpose in life now clear,
dialog: I moved out my Grandma‘s and quit
dialog: school -- now I could be on the
dialog: street all day.
text: A Toyota Celica pulls over. Marcus runs to it, leans in the
text: window. The driver is a shaky white BUSINESSMAN, 30s.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: Let me get two purple tops.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Buy four, I give you five.
text: The Businessman nods. Marcus makes the sale.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - (LATER THAT) NIGHT
text: The street is crowded with traffic. Marcus makes a sale to a
text: FIEND, five others lined up behind him.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Fuck, it was busy I’d grind all
dialog: night, wouldn’t even go home to
dialog: sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD ~ (THE NEXT) MORNING
text: Dawn. Marcus, still in the same clothes, dozes on a bench,
text: the only hustler on the street. The same white BUSINESSMAN
text: pulls up in the Toyota. Marcus makes the sale.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I was master of the fast flip.
dialog: I’d buy three and a half grams
dialog: from Topcat...
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: In boxers and strapless T, Marcus watches “New Jack City” on
text: video as he fills purple-topped vials with crack rocks.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 28.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Cook it, bag it up and pump it.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Marcus makes a sale to Kenneth, the schoolyard bully, who at
text: 21 has become a thin, hollow-eyed crack fiend.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: I’d take that money, buy seven
dialog: grams.
scene_heading: INT. TOPCAT'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Topcat, clearly having been woken up, makes a sale to Marcus.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: {yawning)
dialog: Fuck time is it?
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Seven turned to fourteen, fourteen
dialog: to twenty eight and so on.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Hot. Summer. The street is packed with cars, Hustlers,
text: Fiends and regular PEOPLE just hanging out.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Before long that three and a
dialog: half grams was like Jack and the
dialog: Beanstalk. Shit grew so big I had
dialog: to expand, put together my own
dialog: crew.
scene_heading: POV -- THROUGH A SERIES OF CAR DRIVER'S SIDE WINDOWS
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
text: There was Antwan, a sharp-dressin’,
dialog: ball-breakin’ nigga from Harlem...
text: ANTWAN, slick, well-dressed, 16, leans in the car window.
speaker_heading: ANTWAN
dialog: Yo son, you buyin’ or drivin‘ round
dialog: the block? I know you didn‘t wave
dialog: me over to suck my dick or did you?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 29.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Romeo, who'd fuck a Cocker Spaniel
dialog: it didn’t bite him first...
text: ROMEO, 17, small, horny, leans in the car window.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Hey girl, you fine, you know that?
dialog: Tell me what ‘chu need baby.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
text: Keryl, a fat little nigga who
dialog: talked more shit than Don King...
text: KERYL, 16, fat, leans in the car window.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Fuck dawg, I got whatever you need.
dialog: All these other niggas come see me
dialog: when they need they shit.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Finally there was my boy, Tyrell.
text: TYRELL, 18, muscular, leans in the car window.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: What up yo, how you doin’?
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Straight up, dependable, my second
dialog: in command.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - NIGHT
text: Marcus and the Crew stand together looking INTO THE CAMERA.
text: Each holds a stack of fanned-out CASH in his hands.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: This was my dream team - my
dialog: brothers ~ five niggas dedicated
dialog: to one thing and one thing only --
dialog: gettin’ paid.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - KITCHEN — NIGHT
text: Pouring rain; thunder. In the living room, Romeo channel-
text: surfs, smokes a joint. At the table, Marcus raps to himself
text: as he, Tyrell and Antwan play dominoes for money, drink 40s.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 30.
speaker_heading: ANTWAN
dialog: C’mon nigga, will you go ‘for
text: mushrooms start growin’ out
dialog: your ass?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Fuckin’ strategizin’ here.
dialog: (beat; then to Marcus)
dialog: Will you stop fuckin’ singin’ so’s
dialog: I can think?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You either got the bone or you
dialog: don’t, motherfucker.
text: Tyrell makes his move. Marcus SLAMS down his last domino.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Boo-yah! !
dialog: (cackles; grabs money)
dialog: Strategize my dick you dumb-ass
dialog: nigga, I knew you was gonna throw
dialog: that shit!
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: You knew shit, motherfucker.
text: A KNOCK at the door. Marcus crosses, looks out the peephole.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: It‘s me yo, open up.
text: Marcus opens the door. Keryl stands there, soaked from head
text: to toe. The guys SCREAM with laughter as he enters.
speaker_heading: ANTWAN
dialog: Look at this Free Willy
dialog: motherfucker all wet -- I told
dialog: you he live in the ocean!
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Fuckin’ rainin’ out, motherfucker.
dialog: Yo, you hear about Levar Cahill?
dialog: Got his ass arrested, yo.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Oh, fuck.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: What's this fuckin’ mean?
text: The Crew all looks to Marcus.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 31.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: What it meant was Levar was goin’
dialog: away... but that didn’t mean for a
dialog: second he wouldn’t still be runnin’
dialog: things.
scene_heading: EXT. CHELSEA PIER - MANHATTAN - DAY
text: Under a sign reading “Bon Voyage Levar”, dozens of Hustlers
text: and their scantily-clad GIRLFRIENDS board a huge party boat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: The big question was who’d take
dialog: over his day-to-day -- and my
dialog: man Topcat seemed like the
dialog: logical choice.
scene_heading: INT. PARTY BOAT - NIGHT
text: The packed boat cruises the Hudson River, the lights of
text: Manhattan glistening behind it. Music, dancing, Cristal
text: flowing, tuxedo-clad WAITERS serving giant shrimp. Off to
text: the side of the dance floor, the camera finds
speaker_heading: MARCUS,
text: champagne in hand as he takes in the opulence. Nearby, a
text: very sharply-~dressed Topcat nuzzles his GIRLFRIEND’S neck as
text: Odeil, the gold-toothed Hustler, talks to some other PLAYERS.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: (playful; biting her neck)
dialog: Tonight is the night, baby.
text: Topcat’s GIRLFRIEND giggles. Just then, the Crowd parts.
text: Levar approaches with his bodyguards Majestic and Breeze.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: (to Topecat; as they hug)
dialog: Get a room motherfucker. Manhattan
dialog: ain’t but a quarter mile away.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Yo g, it ain’t too late. You want
dialog: I‘1l get this motherfucker turn
dialog: this boat around, drive it straight
dialog: to motherfuckin’ Africa.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: And live over there with them
dialog: jungle niggas? I‘1l do my time.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 32.
text: They all laugh. Levar winks at Marcus, then:
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Y’all know Majestic, right?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT MARCUS
dialog: Yeah, yeah. What up, b? ‘Sup.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: My nigga Breeze.
text: Breeze just nods. Levar looks over toward the DJ, gestures
text: for him to cut the music. The CROWD groans.
speaker_heading: DI
dialog: All right yo, simmer down, our
dialog: guest of honor wanna holla at
dialog: you a bit.
text: As the Crowd hoots and hollers, Levar crosses the dance
text: floor, Guests patting his back as he goes. He takes the mic.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Y’all havin’ a good time?
dialog: {the Crowd screams)
dialog: What?! All them niggas back in
dialog: Queens can’t hear y’all!
dialog: (they scream louder)
dialog: How ‘bout them niggas in Brooklyn?
dialog: (they scream even louder)
dialog: Fuck them Jersey niggas, who give a
dialog: fuck about them.
dialog: (the Crowd laughs)
dialog: On the real though, we all know
dialog: why we’re here and that’s to say
dialog: goodbye to my ass.
speaker_heading: GIRL IN CROWD (0.S.)
dialog: We love you Levar!
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: I love y'all, too. Main thing
dialog: though’s even though I’m gone, I‘ma
dialog: always be around in spirit. And
dialog: just to make sure y‘all don‘t
dialog: forget that, I‘m appointin’ someone
dialog: to remind y’all...
text: Marcus looks at Topcat, Odell and the other older Hustlers,
text: all looking on in anticipation. Topcat breathes in, squeezes
text: his Girlfriend's hand. Clearly he thinks he’s the one.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 33.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Majestic, c’mon up here, son.
text: The Crowd goes WILD as Majestic crosses the dance floor.
text: Topcat and the others do their best to hide their emotions,
text: applauding with everyone else, but clearly they’re pissed.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: (into mic)
dialog: Hey yo, what up, how y’all doin‘?
dialog: Let‘s give it up for Levar...
text: Marcus looks at Topcat, doing his best to hide his anger.
text: And as Topcat stalks. off...
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: With Junebug working down the street, Marcus is in mid-sale
text: to a Fiend as he talks to Tyrell, Antwan and Keryl.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I’m tellin’ you man, there was
dialog: mad fuckin’ money on that yacht.
dialog: Diamonds and gold like a fuckin’
dialog: pirate ship.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Word?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Forget about the pussy, yo, there
dialog: was bitches there was off the
dialog: fuckin’ hook.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Sign me up for that shit.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: One day we get there, b, we all
dialog: will long’s we stick together.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: I heard that.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: I read about some pirate ship
dialog: crashed right off the harbor
dialog: there in Brooklyn.
speaker_heading: ANTWAN
dialog: Fuck you talkin’ about?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 34.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Back in the day, fuckin’ slave ship
text: filled with jewels and shit.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Probably the one brought your
dialog: monkey-ass relatives.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: (off their laughter)
dialog: Fuck you niggas, one day I‘ma scuba
dialog: dive, fuckin’ find that shit.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (points across street)
dialog: Well meantime there‘s a fiend over
dialog: there wants to give you ten dollar,
dialog: so whyn’t you go fuckin’ get it?
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: I’m serious yo, they gonna put up a
dialog: statue of my ass.
text: Marcus shakes his head as Keryl crosses off...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: The difference between me and
dialog: niggas like Keryl is they'd
dialog: dream about doin’ bigger shit...
scene_heading: INT. TOPCAT'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM ~- DAY
text: Topcat opens a wall safe, removes a kilo of cocaine.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I’d fuckin’ do it.
scene_heading: INT. TOPCAT’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Topcat enters the living room. Marcus sits on the couch,
text: a paper bag on the coffee table in front of him.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: (hands him the kilo)
dialog: Full bird son, you movin’ up in the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: If it ain‘t up, it’s down.
dialog: {nods to the paper bag)
text: Thirty thousand in there.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 35.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Makin’ my new boss a rich nigga.
dialog: I need to count this shit?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What you think?
text: Topcat smiles, crosses to a bar. Grabs a bottle of Hennessy.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Little Henry?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuckin’ ten in the mornin’.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Well excuse me, motherfucker, you
dialog: plannin’ on flyin’ a airplane?
text: Marcus smiles. Topcat pours half a rocks glass of Hennessy.
text: He downs it, pours another. Sits back on the couch.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: So I was thinkin’ after I pump
dialog: this shit, I’m gonna get me one
dialog: of them Land Rovers.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Big ride for a little nigga.
dialog: (smiles; a few beats)
dialog: You know I’m the one taught your
dialog: moms how to drive.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Word?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
text: Parkin’ lot there at the beach,
dialog: Riis Park. We’d go out there in
dialog: the winter it was all empty, icy
dialog: and shit. She’d be skiddin’ that
dialog: fuckin’ thing all over the place.
text: Marcus smiles. They sit in silence a while, then:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Ever hear what become of that nigga
dialog: killed her ass?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Slim? Thought he went down south
dialog: somewheres, then I heard Cali.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 69/12/04 36.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT (cont'd)
dialog: I woulda popped that motherfucker,
dialog: fed his dick to my dog.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You ever find where he is, you
dialog: gonna let me know, right?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
text: Nigga probably dead by now anyway.
text: Topcat sips his Hennessy; his eyes get misty.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: She was a beautiful girl, your
text: moms. A special girl.
text: Marcus looks at him. They sit there in silence.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD — DAY
text: Marcus, Antwan, Keryl, Tyrell and Romeo work the boulevard,
text: selling to Fiends on the street and in cars.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Over the next few weeks, me and
dialog: my boys was grindin’.
scene_heading: EXT. CHECK CASHING STORE - DAY
text: A line of neighborhood PEOPLE, welfare checks in hand,
text: stretches clear out the door.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Best days were the first and
dialog: fifteenth when the checks came in.
text: As FIENDS emerge, cash in hand, they join another line around
dialog: the corner... the one to buy crack from Marcus and Tyrell.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Not that it was all easy. See
dialog: when you work the street, it’s
dialog: jungle rules...
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD ~- DAY
text: With his crew nearby, Marcus stands on a corner. Across the
text: street, a Fiend pulls up in a car, waves him over. But
text: before Marcus can cross, Junebug hustles up, takes the sale.
dialog: Untitled 50 Cent Project "2nd Revision 09/12/04 37.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: And in the jungle, you either fight
dialog: or get eaten alive.
text: The Fiend pulls off. Marcus approaches Junebug.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck you doin’, that‘s my sale.
speaker_heading: JUNEBUG
dialog: Get out my face, nig--
text: PoW! Marcus punches Junebug in the mouth, knocking him down.
speaker_heading: JUNEBUG
dialog: {reaching for his gun)
dialog: Motherfucker! I’ma cap your ass.
text: Marcus kicks him in the face, then jams a .9mm in his cheek.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: How you gonna do that? You gonna
dialog: take on all of us?
text: Junebug looks up - Tyrell, Romeo, Keryl and Antwan stand
text: aiming guns at him. Junebug deflates. As Marcus takes his
text: gun and rifles his pockets for money, a BMW pulls to the
text: curb, Breeze driving, Majestic next to him.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: Fuck you doin’?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Nigga took my sale.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: So you robbin' him?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I’m takin’ what’s mine.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: We all on the same team, Marcus.
speaker_heading: JUNEBUG
dialog: (scrambling to his feet)
dialog: School this nigga!
speaker_heading: BREEZE
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Look like he schooling you, son.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 38.
text: As the BMW pulls off, a humiliated Junebug turns to Marcus.
speaker_heading: JUNEBUG
dialog: I’ma see about you, motherfucker.
text: In response, Marcus kick him in the ass. And as Junebug
text: stumbles off, a Fiend approaches. Marcus makes a sale...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Within seventeen days, I flipped
dialog: that key -- twice. Finally I had
dialog: the cash I needed to be somebody.
scene_heading: INT. CAR DEALERSHIP - SHOWROOM - DAY
text: As a SALESMAN waits on a CUSTOMER nearby, Marcus, looking
text: like a high school senior with a knapsack, circles a ‘94 Land
text: Rover. He spots SALESMAN #2 walk by with some brochures.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Excuse me.
text: The guy ignores him, continues on his way. Marcus frowns,
text: looks at the clock - 2:20 p.m.
speaker_heading: TIME DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CAR DEALERSHIP - SHOWROOM - LATER
text: 2:43 p.m. Marcus stands at the Land Rover rapping to himself
text: as the first Salesman finishes with the Customer, who exits.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Excuse me, can I get some help?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: I have some calls to return.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I wanna buy this car here.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Me too, kid.
text: The Salesman heads off. Marcus stands there a beat, then
text: looks around, spots the SALES OFFICES, heads toward them.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 39.
scene_heading: INT. CAR DEALERSHIP - MANAGER’S OFFICE ~- DAY
text: JACKIE, 40s, a polyester-clad sales manager with a bad comb-
text: over, sits at his desk talking into the phone.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: So I'll talk to my guy at BMW...
text: Marcus appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You the manager?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (hand over mouthpiece)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I’m tryin’ to buy a Land Rover.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
text: Talk to one of the salespeople.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You sure you wanna go with silver?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I did already, they treatin’ me
dialog: like I’m invisible.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: We're very busy here, son.
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: I'm sorry, you said silver, right?
text: As Jackie continues his call, Marcus approaches the desk,
text: unzips his knapsack. He turns it upside down -- dozens of
text: rubber-banded stacks of CASH spill out. Jackie looks at the
text: money, stunned. He hangs up the phone, looks at Marcus.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: What‘d you say, a Land Rover?
scene_heading: EXT. CAR DEALERSHIP - DAY
text: As Jackie looks on, Marcus drives the Land Rover off the
text: dealership lot, lurching and screeching as he heads off.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: One thing about cash is it will
dialog: get a motherfucker’s attention.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 40.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: I didn‘t even know how to drive and
dialog: I left there with a car. Cat even
dialog: lent me dealer plates till I could
dialog: manage to get a license.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Marcus beams as he sits in the driver's seat of the Land
text: Rover; Antwan, Keryl, Tyrell and Romeo check it out.
speaker_heading: ANTWAN
dialog: Will you look at this shit?!
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: That is a hype fuckin’ ride!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Power moon roof, fuckin’ leather.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: The coochie you gonna get with
dialog: this, nigga!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Check it out, all Alpine-d up.
text: Marcus hits the stereo; rap blares.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Good for you, b, you fuckin’
dialog: deserve it.
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER - DAY
text: His Crew riding with him, Marcus cruises Rockaway Boulevard,
text: rapping along with the stereo. On the street, GIRLS look
text: over; some wave, shake their asses. Our guys go crazy.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Fuck Bank of America, a nigga from
dialog: the hood‘'ll wear his money on his
text: back. Clothes, jewelry, cars.
text: Marcus passes Junebug on the corner, who shoots him a look of
text: pure, bitter envy.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Way we look at it, what good’s
dialog: ownin’ shit if people can’t
dialog: fuckin’ see it?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 41.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB STARLIGHT - NIGHT
text: A crowded club, PATRONS spilling out onto the street.
text: Marcus and the Crew, now dressed to go out, pull up in
text: the Land Rover, park it around the corner.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: That night we took Antwan out for
dialog: his birthday.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB STARLIGHT - NIGHT
text: Music pumping. HOTTIES pack the dance floor, GANGSTAS,
text: HUSTLERS and NEIGHBORHOOD GUYS everywhere. As the CAMERA
dialog: PANS the CROWD, we find Marcus in
speaker_heading: THE VIP SECTION,
text: a hottie named KEISHA hanging all over him as he pours
text: Cristal. At the table with him, also with GIRLS, are Romeo,
text: Tyrell, Keryl and guest of honor Antwan.
speaker_heading: MARCUS,
dialog: Seventeen, nigga. Old enough for
dialog: the Army now.
speaker_heading: ANTWAN
dialog: Fuck that, I’m already at war.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: You at war with my nose, that stink-
dialog: ass fuckin’ cologne you wearin’.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: {as they laugh)
dialog: Can you see this nigga in the Army?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: {mocking Antwan)
dialog: Excuse me sergeant, these boots
dialog: come in purple?
text: More laughter. Marcus raises his glass:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Happy birthday, dawg.
text: They all toast. Just then, a commotion at the front door.
text: Marcus and the guys look over to see DARIUS CLAY, 30s,
text: wearing heavy gold chains and a leather pork-pie hat. As
text: he enters with a small entourage, the CROWD swarms him.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 42.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck, check it -- Darius Clay.
speaker_heading: KEISHA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ANTWAN
dialog: You fuckin’ serious?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Nigga’s one of the biggest record
dialog: producers in the world.
text: The music continues as Darius disappears into the crowd.
text: After a while, the DJ takes the mic.
speaker_heading: DJ
dialog: Y‘all ready for some free-style?
dialog: {the Crowd cheers)
dialog: Aight, let’s give it up for
dialog: Dangerous.
text: Marcus watches a GANGSTA RAPPER (Dangerous) take the stage,
text: start free-styling. His face changes as the CAMERA PUSHES in
text: on him -- does he wish it was him up there? He looks over at
text: Darius Clay, who’s taking in Dangerous from a table across
text: the way. After a beat, Marcus starts to head off.
speaker_heading: KEISHA
dialog: Where you goin’ baby?
text: Marcus crosses off to the men‘s room...
scene_heading: INT. MEN‘S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Marcus finishes taking a leak, then crosses to the sink,
text: where another GUY is washing his hands. They finish, reach
text: for a towel at the same time, look up at each other...
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Marcus?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: {as they hug) .
dialog: Cameron! Shit, what up, doe,
dialog: whatchu doin’ home?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Spring break, you know. Here with
dialog: some people from school.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 43.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Come sit by us, VIP.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB STARLIGHT - LATER
text: As Darius watches another RAPPER free-style lame gangsta
text: shit, we PAN TO THE VIP SECTION. Cameron has now joined the
text: group, but Keisha is over at the bar.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: This here was my fuckin’ nigga,
dialog: yo. Math class, algebra and shit?
dialog: I copied everything off his ass.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You would've done some work, you
dialog: might've passed on your own.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I know how to count nigga, that‘s
dialog: all the math I need.
speaker_heading: ANTWAN
dialog: (toasts with champagne)
dialog: I heard that.
text: Just then Tyrell approaches, leans in to talk to Marcus.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Lemme get your keys, yo.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Where you goin’?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Nowhere, back seat, man, this bitch
dialog: over there itchin’ to go.
text: Marcus looks - a really HOT GIRL busting out of spandex waits
text: at the edge of the VIP section. Marcus hands over the keys.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Make sure that jimmy nice and
dialog: tight, you bust a nut on that
dialog: leather you gettin’ the whole
dialog: fuckin‘ thing detailed.
text: Tyrell chuckles, takes the keys, exits with the Girl.
speaker_heading: DJ
dialog: A-ight, give it up for Chilly T!
dialog: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 44,
text: Moderate applause for the lame GANGSTA RAPPER.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Chilly T. This nigga sucks.
speaker_heading: ANTWAN
dialog: Whyn‘t you rock the mic, then?
dialog: Call yourself Chili Fries.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Fuck you, nigga.
text: They all laugh. Cameron turns to Marcus.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You still rappin‘?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I dunno, not really. Fuckin’
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Fuck that, you can’t shut this
dialog: nigga up half the time.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Like when we were kids.
speaker_heading: LEILANI (0.S.)
dialog: Cameron, we're leavin’!
text: Cameron looks over -- on the dance floor, LEILANI, 19, stands
text: with a few other college students including CHARLENE, a very
text: pretty neighborhood girl the same age; Marcus checks her out.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Hold up, I gotta get my coat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Who the fuck is that?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: It ain’t like that, she’s just a
dialog: friend from school.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (re: Charlene)
dialog: No, no, the one in the blue dress.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I don’t know, her friend. Great
dialog: seeing you, man.
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 45.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You too bro, don’t be a stranger,
dialog: call a nigga.
text: Cameron nods, crosses off with Leilani to get his coat.
text: Marcus approaches Charlene, pulls her arm.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Where you goin‘, it’s early.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
text: It’s two o’clock in the morning.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Not everywhere. Shit, in Hawaii
dialog: it’s probably only lunch time.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: (thinks a second; then)
dialog: Actually it’s dinner time in
dialog: Hawaii, but unfortunately we’re
dialog: not there.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I could make that happen real quick
dialog: if that’s where you wanna go.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: I’m going home to sleep.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: So I’1l come by, help you relax.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Thanks, but I don’t play that.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Where you from, ‘round the way?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Baisley Houses.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Project girl.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Not for long, I got plans in life.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: That’s cool. So lemme get your
dialog: number, I'll hit you up.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 46.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Look, you're very cute, okay, but I
dialog: have a boyfriend.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You got a boyfriend, where is he?
dialog: You was my girl I‘d be right there
dialog: at your side.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
text: He's away at college.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: College? Girl I could teach you
dialog: more in one night than he'll learn
dialog: in fifty years of college.
text: From across the dance floor, Leilani calls out.
speaker_heading: LEILANI
dialog: Charlene, come on!
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: I really have to go. Can I have my
dialog: arm back, please?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Hold up, c’mon, how I get to see
dialog: you again?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Close your eyes and dream?
text: Charlene crosses off. Marcus stares after her as if he’s in
text: a trance. Keisha approaches, notices him looking.
speaker_heading: KEISHA
dialog: Who the fuck is that bitch?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Get off my dick.
text: Marcus turns his back on her, heads back to the VIP section.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB STARLIGHT - (LATER THAT) NIGHT
text: Over the sounds of moaning, the Land Rover is rocking,
text: windows fogged as Tyrell fucks the Hot Girl from the club.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 47.
scene_heading: INT. LAND ROVER - BACK SEAT - CONTINUOUS
text: Out of breath and sweaty, Tyrell pulls his pants on as the
text: Girl finishes straightening herself out.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Damn girl, I knew you was a little
dialog: fuck machine soon I saw you.
speaker_heading: HOT GIRL
dialog: You fucked me so nasty, baby.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Well gimme your number, I’1ll come
dialog: by do it again. You ready?
text: The Girl nods. Tyrell opens the door, steps out and...
scene_heading: EXT. LAND ROVER - STREET - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: GANGSTA #1
dialog: Out the fuckin’ car nigga!
text: GANGSTA #1 grabs Tyrell, jams a .9mm against his head. As he
text: shoves him to the street, the Hot Girl screams, runs off...
speaker_heading: GANGSTA #2
dialog: Where’s the fuckin’ keys?!
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: I... my... my pocket.
speaker_heading: GANGSTA #1
dialog: Give it up, motherfucker!
text: As Tyrell fumbles for the keys, Gangsta #2 looks around.
speaker_heading: GANGSTA #2
dialog: Fuck it, just do this nigga, c’mon!
text: And just as Gangsta #1 raises his gun to Tyrell‘s head...
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Shots ring out from behind.
text: It's MARCUS, approaching, blasting away with his .380, his
text: Crew behind him reaching for their guns. Gangsta #2 takes
text: off as Gangsta #1 fires back, hitting ANTWAN in the head.
text: He goes down, bleeding.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Fuck!!
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 48.
text: Marcus keeps firing, then Gangsta #1 takes off running too,
text: disappearing up the street. As Keryl helps Antwan, Romeo and
text: Marcus runs up to Tyrell, still on his knees.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It's okay, yo, you‘re all right.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: (to Marcus)
dialog: Yo man, I know them fuckin’ niggas!
text: Marcus turns to Keryl, hovering over Antwan.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Call a fuckin’ ambulance!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck that, get him in the car.
text: As a crowd of Patrons gather from the club, Keryl and Romeo
text: load Antwan into the Land Rover, blood pouring from his
text: wound. And as the rest of the Crew piles in, Marcus takes
text: off, police SIRENS in the distance...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: We took Antwan to a hospital in the
dialog: Bronx, told ‘em he got shot by a
dialog: group of niggas tried to rob him...
dialog: he died the next day.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. JOHN'S CEMETERY - QUEENS - DAY
text: A few dozen MOURNERS stand near a coffin as a PRIEST reads
text: from a bible. Marcus & the Crew fight back tears.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Much as we tried to hide it, losin’
dialog: our boy hurt like hell. And in the
dialog: hood, when someone hurts you...
dialog: you fuckin’ hurt them back.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - (LIVING ROOM) NIGHT
text: Still in their funeral clothes, Marcus, Romeo, Tyrell and
text: Keryl sit around drinking.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I’m tellin’ you thems was Rockaway
dialog: niggas, I seen ‘em over there.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 49.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
text: There it is then, we roll on up.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Who gonna do it?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Fuck that, them niggas is mine.
dialog: Pull me out the car like that?
dialog: Shit. Just get me a clean gat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: When you roll with a crew, you
dialog: gotta be willin’ to die for each
dialog: other. You gotta be willin’ to
dialog: kill for each other too.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING PROJECT - QUEENS - NIGHT
text: Late. Quiet. A group of four GANGSTAS, including the two
text: from the attempted jacking, stand bullshitting on a corner.
text: A stolen Honda Accord cruises by unnoticed, Tyrell at the
text: wheel, Marcus next to him, Keryl and Romeo in back.
scene_heading: INT. HONDA ACCORD - NIGHT
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: That’s them, right there.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: I told you motherfuckers.
speaker_heading: KERYL
text: Pull over, pull over.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: A few nights later, we found them
text: niggas at the projects in Rockaway.
text: Unseen by the Gangstas, Romeo pulls over in front of a parked
text: MOVING VAN about 30 yards up the street. Marcus produces a
text: Glock .9mm, hands it to Tyrell, who looks around nervously.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: You sure this is cool?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 50.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It’s cool, yo. You take this gat,
dialog: you walk up real slow, keep it at
dialog: your side. You get up close...
text: Marcus notices Tyrell is trembling. A beat, then:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck it, you know what? Lemme show
dialog: you how to pop these niggas.
text: And before anyone can say a word, Marcus is out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING PROJECT - QUEENS - CONTINUOUS
text: Quiet and calm, Marcus walks toward the Gangstas as the Crew
text: looks on from the Honda. As he gets within ten feet:
speaker_heading: GANGSTA #1
dialog: Hey yo, what up? Who you here-~
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM!
text: Marcus empties the clip into the Crowd; the Gangstas go down,
text: writhing, screaming. As he calmly walks back to the Honda:
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: If I didn't have the respect of my
dialog: crew already, I sure as shit did by
dialog: the time I got back in that car.
dialog: From that moment on, they knew I‘d
dialog: never ask them to do anything I
dialog: wouldn’t do myself.
scene_heading: INT. HONDA ACCORD - CONTINUOUS
text: Marcus gets in. Tyrell and the others look at him, stunned.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You wanna drive, motherfucker?
text: Romeo snaps out of it, puts the car in gear and pulls off.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Marcus and the Crew stand outside working the street.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Nobody fucked with us after that...
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 51.
scene_heading: INT. TOPCAT‘S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Marcus sits at the table laying out dozens of bundles of
text: CASH. Topcat enters with three kilos of coke.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: We was ridin’ high...
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM ~- DAY
text: With a few Hotties hanging with them, Marcus, Keryl, Tyrell
text: and Romeo put crack into vials, watching “Scarface” on DVD.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Makin’ mad fuckin’ money.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: With the crew nearby, Marcus leans in the window of a Dodge
text: Caravan, sells a few vials to a huge black quy with a goatee.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: We were pumpin’ hard all day...
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: With the sounds of a party out the window, Marcus fucks the
dialog: shit out of a neighborhood HOTTIE.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: And pumpin’ even harder at night...
scene_heading: EXT. MARCUS‘ APARTMENT BUILDING - POOL AREA - NIGHT
text: A wild party is in progress; music, forties, food. GIRLS are
text: everywhere, many topless, splashing in the pool.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Before long, the whole crew was
dialog: livin’ in my building. It was like
dialog: havin’ our own fuckin’ castle --
dialog: and I was the king.
text: As the CAMERA PANS the group, we find Marcus in a lounge
text: chair, the HOTTIE he was just fucking massaging his
text: shoulders. Romeo approaches with a shopping bag.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 52.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Yo, check this out.
text: He removes an Uzi from the bag.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck, where you get this?
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Nigga K-Dog, two hundred dollars.
text: Just then, Marcus’ beeper goes off. He checks it, gets up.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Marcus stands at the counter mixing a drink as he finishes
text: dialing his cell. In the living room, Keryl and Tyrell check
text: out the Uzi while Romeo starts grinding with a GIRL.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: S’‘up, it’s me.
scene_heading: EXT. MERRICK BOULEVARD - NIGHT
text: Topcat sits in a red BMW, talks on his cell.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Drop what you doin’, meet me down
dialog: Merrick, we takin’ a ride.
scene_heading: INTERCUT MARCUS AND TOPCAT
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: When, now?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Fuck I just say?
text: Topcat clicks off. Marcus hangs up, looks at Romeo, now
text: making out with the Girl on his couch. As he exits:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Take that bitch down your own crib.
dialog: Fuckin’ stink up my couch?
scene_heading: EXT. ACE AUTO BODY - LONG ISLAND CITY - NIGHT
text: A deserted, industrial area. Topcat and Marcus pull up in
text: the BMW. Several other luxury cars are already there.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 53.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck's this shit?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Damn if I know.
scene_heading: INT. ACE AUTO BODY - NIGHT
text: Topcat and Marcus enter the huge garage, where Majestic,
text: Breeze and about two dozen other HUSTLERS are waiting.
text: Breeze pulls down the gates, locking them all inside. The
text: Hustlers exchange wary looks. Majestic scans the group.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: So I know y’all are askin’ yourself
dialog: what the fuck’s goin’ on here -~
dialog: I‘d be askin’ myself that very
dialog: same question.
text: Majestic paces among the group. It’s very tense.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: See the thing’s this -- when you
dialog: work for McDonald’s, you can‘t buy
dialog: your burgers from White Castle,
dialog: right? Now why is that?
text: Majestic stops at a nervous-looking Junebug.
speaker_heading: JUNEBUG
dialog: Ain’t part the same company.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: See even though you might get a
dialog: better deal buyin’ from White
dialog: Castle, in the long run it fucks
dialog: everybody in the franchise, you
dialog: feelin’ me?
text: Majestic scans the group. They nod.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: See right there then, that’s why we
dialog: here. One of you motherfuckers
dialog: been buyin’ from White Castle.
text: Majestic looks at them, lingers on Topcat. We piay the
text: tension, then he motions for the group te follow him. In
text: the next room, hanging from the chains of a ten-ton auto
text: body straightener, is the horribly beaten and bloodied
text: ODELL, duct tape over his mouth. Breeze crosses to him.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd’ Revision 09/12/04 54.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: This nigga Odell been in business
dialog: for himself, buyin’ his shit from
dialog: the Colombians instead of us.
text: Breeze yanks the piece of duct-tape from Odell’s mouth.
text: He starts blubbering, crying, gold teeth flashing.
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: No man, that ain’t how it is,
dialog: please listen to me! Please!
speaker_heading: BREEZE
dialog: (backhands him)
dialog: Shut your fuckin‘ mouth!
text: Majestic approaches. Odell sobs like a baby.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: Far as I’m concerned, you owe these
dialog: niggas here a whole lot of money.
dialog: Now how you gonna pay it back?
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: (crying; sobbing)
dialog: I‘ll do whatever you say, tell me,
dialog: man! Please, I’ll do it! Please!
text: As Odell sobs, Majestic looks at Breeze. Together they do a
text: well-rehearsed routine for the benefit of the Group.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: What we gonna do, how this nigga
dialog: gonna pay these gentlemen back?
speaker_heading: BREEZE
dialog: How ‘bout he pay ‘em in gold?
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: You right, motherfucker, them shiny-
dialog: ass teeth!
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Not! Nol! Please!!
text: As the Group exchanges looks, Breeze crosses to a tool board,
text: methodically chooses a pair of 11-inch diagonal pliers. He
text: approaches Odell, who screams, wriggling on the chains...
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Nol! No!!
dialog: Untitled 50 cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 55.
text: WHAMM!! Breeze punches Odell square in the face, jamming
text: the pliers into his mouth. As he grips a tooth, we hear a
text: sickening CRUNCH through Odell’s screams. Breeze yanks hard
text: on the pliers, pulls a bloody gold incisor out of Odell’s
text: head by the roots. Odell SCREAMS in agony.
speaker_heading: BREEZE
dialog: Relax nigga, you only got but ten
dialog: more ‘fore I put that bullet in
dialog: your brain.
text: Breeze jams the pliers in again. And as Odell SHRIEKS in
text: agony, the CAMERA PANS the group, settling on Marcus.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: If you play with fire long enough,
dialog: you will get burned.
scene_heading: EXT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT BUILDING - DAWN
text: Topcat drops Marcus off at the curb. He crosses to the front
text: door as the BMW pulls off down the street.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: And in the crack game, heat comes
dialog: in many forms.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT BUILDING - LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: Marcus opens the lobby door. And as soon as he steps inside:
speaker_heading: DEA AGENT #1
dialog: Freeze! Hands in the air!!
text: Marcus is slammed against the wall, spread-eagled. The lobby
text: is swarming with DEA AGENTS, guns drawn.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: The first thing I thought was they
dialog: knew about Odeli, but that shit
dialog: just happened like an hour ago.
speaker_heading: DEA AGENT #2
dialog: Hey asshole, remember me?
text: Marcus turns around. DEA AGENT #2 looks familiar...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - A SERIES OF STILL B&W SURVEILLANCE PHOTOS
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 56.
text: CLICK. Marcus on the street. CLICK. Marcus leans into a
text: Dodge Caravan. CLICK. He exchanges crack for money. CLICK.
text: The Driver is DEA AGENT #2, the huge, goateed black guy.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Marcus is handcuffed.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Turned out this had nothin’ to do
dialog: with Odell -- they had a warrant to
dialog: search my crib.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS' APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: A handcuffed Marcus sits as the DEA AGENTS ransack the place,
text: emptying contents of drawers on the floor. On the coffee
text: table are 2 ounces of cocaine, cash and a dozen crack vials.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Lucky for my ass I was light on
dialog: product and didn’t have too much
text: incriminatin’ shit lyin’ around.
speaker_heading: DEA AGENT #3 (0.S.)
dialog: Look what I found. Locked and
dialog: loaded.
text: AGENT #3 emerges from the bedroom with Romeo’s loaded Uzi.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Incriminatin’ shit of my own,
dialog: that is.
text: And as Marcus is led off, we see his toy plastic Soldier
text: among the debris on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Wearing a suit and tie, Marcus stands with his LAWYER before
text: a female JUDGE, who reads from a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Philips, you are hereby
dialog: sentenced to a term of no less
dialog: than three years in a Federal
dialog: penitentiary.
text: The Judge bangs her gavel. Marcus turns to face his weeping
text: Grandma, who sits with his Grandpa and the Crew.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 57.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I guess there’s no such thing as a
dialog: good time to be goin’ to jail, but
dialog: this shit was fucked.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON -— DAY
text: Wearing an orange jumpsuit, carrying his prison-issue blanket
text: and toiletries, Marcus is led past the cells.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I had had it all and lost
dialog: everything.
text: The mostly black INMATES hoot at him from behind bars.
speaker_heading: INMATE #1
dialog: Ooohhh, look at this little nigga!
speaker_heading: INMATE #2
dialog: Whatchu do boy?!
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Worst of all they sent me to Ohio,
dialog: where I didn’t know a fuckin’ soul.
text: Marcus enters a cell, sits on a cot across from a sleeping
text: INMATE. The door closes behind him with a heavy CLANG.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON MESS HALL - DAY
text: Bustling; lunch time. Marcus sits alone eating, a few extra
text: salt packets on his tray.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: The thing about prison’s that
dialog: everything's a test. Niggas read
dialog: you, then they try you.
text: As Marcus eats, an inmate in a red SKULL-CAP approaches.
speaker_heading: SKULL CAP
dialog: Yo man, I get some of that salt?
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Someone asks you for somethin’,
dialog: even if they friendly about it?
dialog: Bulishit, they sizin‘’ you up.
text: The guy reaches for a salt packet. Marcus knocks his hand
text: away, stands up.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 58.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck off, motherfucker.
text: The hall goes quiet; INMATES look over to see how this will
text: play out. A brief stare-down, then Skull Cap crosses off.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: First it’s your salt, then it’s
dialog: your food, next thing you doin’
text: some nigga’s laundry.
text: Marcus sits down, goes back to his meal.
speaker_heading: MARCUS, (V.O.)
dialog: Whatever you do, you gotta send a
dialog: message, nip that shit in the bud.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - DAY
text: INMATES lift weights, play basketball. Off in a corner, the
text: camera finds a twitchy, crazy-looking inmate we'll come to
text: know as BAMA, 21, doing dumbbell curls, HOWLING like a wolf
text: as he does. Nearby, Marcus does pull-ups, ignoring him.
text: ACROSS THE YARD Skull Cap and three other Inmates watch
text: Marcus from around a weight bench. One of them hands skull
text: Cap a shiv, which he slips under a towel. Very casually, the
text: group crosses toward Marcus, whose back is turned as he does
text: pull-ups. Bama, the howler, senses what’s happening. As
dialog: Skull Cap nears Marcus:
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Watch your back, nigga.
text: Bama HOWLS as Marcus drops off the bar, sees SKULL CAP charge
text: him with the shiv. Skull Cap SLASHES, catching Marcus in the
text: shoulder with the blade, but Marcus side~steps, SLAMS his
text: fist into Skull Cap‘s face, taking him down. As Marcus beats
dialog: the shit out of Skull Cap, one of his Crew charges in, but...
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: {howling like a wolf)
dialog: Ow-ow-ocococowwww!! i!
text: WHAMMM!! Bama slams a dumbbell across the guy’s head, taking
text: him out. And as the other Crew Members charge, Bama joins
text: the fight, swinging the dumbbell wildly, holding them off
text: with Marcus. And as GUARDS swarm in...
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 59.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Though my shoulder was cut pretty
dialog: bad, in the end it was more than
dialog: worth it. Word spread quick that I
dialog: wasn't someone to fuck with.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - MEN’S ROOM - DAY
text: Marcus mops the filthy floor. At the other end of the room,
dialog: Bama mops also.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: What I couldn’t figure out was
dialog: this crazy motherfucker.
text: Marcus works his way near Bama. They work in silence, then:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Why’d you help me, man?
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: I don’t know. I like fightin’.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Got beef with them other niggas?
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: (howling)
dialog: Nope-nope-nooooece0co! !
text: Bama laughs; Marcus stares at him. They keep working.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Where you from?
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Down South, how about you?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Queens, New York. Name’s Marcus.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: I‘m Bama.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You from Alabama?
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: North Carolina.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Why they call you Bama, then?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 60.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Cause “Lina” sound stupid.
text: Marcus nods. They continue mopping. Bama twitches.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: By total accident my first week
dialog: there, I had hooked up with the
dialog: craziest nigga in the place.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - RECREATION ROOM - DAY
text: -Months later. As a group of other Inmates sit nearby playing
text: cards, Marcus plays checkers with Bama, who makes a move.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: But crazy or not, havin’ a friend
dialog: made the months pass a lot quicker.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Ow-ooocoh! King my black ass!
text: As Marcus kings Bama’s checker, a GUARD approaches:
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Philips, you have a visitor.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - VISITOR’S AREA - DAY
text: A row of phones separated by Plexiglass. While other Inmates
text: talk with VISITORS, Marcus enters, spots Cameron. He sits,
text: picks up the phone, smiles. Cameron does the same.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I brought you a cake with a file in
dialog: it, but I got hungry on the way and
dialog: ate it.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Thanks for comin’ down here man.
dialog: I appreciate it.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Of course, are you kidding? So how
dialog: you doing?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Hangin’ in there. How about you?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 61.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Good, you know. Graduate next
dialog: month, got accepted to St. John’s.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah, I got your letter. Law
dialog: school now, huh?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I figured with friends like you,
dialog: I’ll always have clients.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Not me b, this is the last time for
dialog: this shit.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Mean I ain’t gettin’ caught again.
text: Cameron nods. A few beats, then:
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: So what do you do with yourself all
dialog: day?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Work in the mornin’, group therapy,
dialog: shit like that.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: What about at night?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Nothin’, you know. Just chill.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: So how about instead of you serving
dialog: time, why not let time serve you?
dialog: Get your GED. Read. Write.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck I’ma write?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Anything, I don’t know. Write
dialog: lyrics. Like when we were kids?
dialog: {off Marcus’ chuckling)
dialog: What, you were great.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 62.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: That was just fuckin‘ around.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You have talent, Marcus.
text: The guys get quiet. Finally, Marcus changes the subject:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Ever see that girl anymore, the one
dialog: in the blue dress? Charlene?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: (shakes his head no)
dialog: Leilani transferred.
text: Marcus nods. An awkward moment. They sit in silence.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I didn’t come here to break your
dialog: balls, okay? I just think you
dialog: could do more with your life than
text: stand on a corner selling drugs.
text: Marcus looks at him awhile, finally smiles.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You know anybody else talked to me
dialog: like that I’d pop ‘em in the teeth.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You don’t want to hit a lawyer,
dialog: brother. I'll sue your ass from
dialog: now till forever.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - MACHINE SHOP - DAY
text: Marcus works a lathe, other Inmates working nearby.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Though I didn’t tell him, Cameron's
dialog: visit gave me a lot to think about.
dialog: Besides dealing drugs, music was
dialog: the one business that could give me
dialog: the lifestyle I wanted with none of
dialog: the risk. Money. Power. Pussy.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON ~ RECREATION ROOM - DAY
text: Marcus sits with Bama and some other Inmates watching a
text: gangsta music video on television.
text: Untitled 50 cent Project and Revision 09/12/04 63.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I mean watch TV, half these
dialog: motherfuckers are paper gangstas,
dialog: singin‘ about shit they only seen
dialog: in movies -- I was livin’ it
dialog: every day. I decided right there
dialog: to formulate a plan.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - MARCUS’S CELL - NIGHT
text: Marcus lays on his cot listening to a Discman, rapping to
text: himself as he writes lyrics in a notebook. Bama sits nearby
text: cleaning his sneakers.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I’d bust my ass, work on my music
dialog: and within five years move me and
dialog: my crew into the rap game. For the
dialog: meantime, though, the crack game
dialog: was still how I planned to eat.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY ~- OHIO - DAY
text: A Greyhound Bus heads down the road, passing a sign that says
text: “New York”. Through a window we see Marcus, still wearing
text: his Discman, rapping to himself.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Before I knew it, my time was
dialog: up and I hit the ground runnin’.
dialog: First thing I did was make a demo
dialog: of some shit I wrote inside.
scene_heading: INT. HOME RECORDING STUDIO ~ DAY
text: A makeshift recording “studio”, with blankets for a sound
text: booth. Marcus raps into a microphone over a simple beat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Second was scam a meetin’ with
dialog: Darius Clay.
scene_heading: EXT. DC PRODUCTIONS - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: A small, nondescript building in Queens. As Marcus stands
text: across the street, Darius Clay pulls up in a Mercedes, parks
text: it in the lot. As he heads toward the building...
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 64.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Mr. Clay, can I talk to you?
speaker_heading: DARIUS CLAY
dialog: Ain‘t that what you doin’ now?
text: Darius doesn’t break stride. Marcus walks alongside him.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah, I... I’m a rapper, my name’s
dialog: Marcus Philips.
speaker_heading: DARIUS CLAY
dialog: Son, you ain't no rapper, ‘cause if
dialog: you was a rapper, I woulda heard of
dialog: you. What you are is a wanna-be.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (holds up tape)
dialog: Whatever, yeah... I got a demo.
speaker_heading: DARIUS CLAY
dialog: Pop it in the mail with a letter.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: But I‘m here now. You ain’t got
dialog: two minutes?
speaker_heading: DARIUS CLAY
dialog: I ain’t got one.
text: Darius leaves him standing there, starts into the building.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Would you have left Tupac in a
text: parkin’ lot with a tape in his
dialog: hands?
speaker_heading: DARIUS CLAY
dialog: (smiles; keeps walking)
dialog: You ain’t no Tupac.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: How do you know?
text: Darius stops in his tracks. Turns around. A beat, then:
speaker_heading: DARIUS CLAY
dialog: Two minutes.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 65.
scene_heading: INT. DC PRODUCTIONS - STUDIO - DAY
text: Marcus sits at a sound board with Darius Clay and his
text: producer, TONY CASH. They listen to the demo a while (a very
text: rough version of "I’m a Rider”) then Darius shuts it off.
speaker_heading: DARIUS CLAY
dialog: It‘s some real tight shit, but it’s
dialog: raw, know I‘m sayin’?
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: You got natural talent, but what
dialog: you need to learn are the rudiments
dialog: of song writing.
speaker_heading: DARIUS CLAY
dialog: And for the record, you ain’t no
dialog: damn Tupac.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: School me then, that’s why I’m
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DARIUS CLAY
dialog: Good. Now any song, any melody,
dialog: is broken up into bars, right?
text: And as Marcus listens intently...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: That weekend there was a party for
dialog: me at the community center. It was
dialog: great bein’ home.
scene_heading: INT. COMMUNITY CENTER - CATERING HALL - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON -- a banner reading “Welcome Home Marcus”. PULL
text: BACK TO REVEAL the entire Crew, along with Topcat, Majestic,
text: Breeze and several dozen other GUESTS, applauding as Marcus
text: enters. They converge on him with hugs.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Welcome back, dawg. We missed your
dialog: black ass.
text: As a RAPPER takes the mic and freestyles, Marcus crosses
text: to the bar with Romeo, who hands him a bottle of Cristal.
text: Tyrell approaches in a new suit, looking sharper than ever.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 66.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (as they hug}
dialog: Look at this nigga, fuckin’ Denzel
dialog: over here! How you doin’ man?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Gettin’ my money.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: That's some real shit there, wait
dialog: you see this nigga‘’s ride.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
text: New Lexus. Cherry fuckin’ red.
speaker_heading: MARCUS.
dialog: Now you biggin’ up on me, huh?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: I’m in charge, man, I--
dialog: (catches himself)
dialog: I mean with you away, you know what
dialog: I fuckin’ mean.
text: Marcus clocks Tyrell’s attitude, but before he can say
text: anything, Keryl approaches -- about 40 pounds lighter than
dialog: last we've seen him.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: There’s my nigga!!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Oh fuck, they stop feedin’ your
dialog: ass?!
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Dick Gregory, fuckin’ protein
dialog: powder.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Now we can’t call him fat no more.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Now he just a dumb motherfucker.
text: They all laugh. Across the room, the Rapper finishes up.
text: The DJ takes the mic...
speaker_heading: DS
dialog: Marcus, come on up here.
dialog: {off his reluctance)
dialog: C’mon, say a few words!
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 67.
text: The CROWD cheers. Marcus heads to the DJ, grabs the mic.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yo, how y’all doin’?
dialog: (the Crowd cheers)
dialog: First off, I wanna say thanks to
dialog: ya‘ll, I fuckin’ missed your asses.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Missed you too, dawg.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Well I’m back now and we ain't
dialog: goin’ no place but up. Where my
dialog: niggas at?
dialog: {the Crew goes wild)
dialog: I said any gangsta niggas in the
dialog: house?!
dialog: (even wilder)
dialog: This is for you.
text: A beat starts. The CROWD starts bouncing, then Marcus kicks
text: in with “I’m a Rider”. THE CROWD goes wild; Marcus owns the
text: place. He finishes up to thunderous applause, crosses to...
scene_heading: INT. MEN’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Marcus enters, heads to a stall, opens the door...
scene_heading: INT. STALL - CONTINUOUS
text: ...jJust as Topcat finishes snorting a spoonful of heroin.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Sorry, I--
dialog: (notices the heroin)
dialog: Fuck you doin’?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Little h, that’s all. Want some?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Since when you do that shit?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Fuckin’ wired man, unwindin’ a bit.
text: Topcat steps out of the stall. An awkward moment.
text: untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 68.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: You look good, b, come see me.
dialog: I'll get you back in business.
text: Marcus nods; they hug stiffly. Topcat wipes his nose, exits.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Great as it was to be home, what
dialog: you gotta remember about bein’ away
dialog: is this -- much as you think it
dialog: won‘t -- the world outside keeps
dialog: turnin’ without you.
scene_heading: INT. TOPCAT’S APARTMENT - DAY :
text: Marcus cops a half a kilo from Topcat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: With my cash reserves near empty,
dialog: I saw Topcat the next day. I got
dialog: some product on consignment and
dialog: went right to work.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - NIGHT
text: A series of CUTS: With Junebug working the street nearby,
dialog: Marcus & the Crew sell to various Fiends.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I was fuckin’ possessed, I hardly
dialog: even slept. But hard as I worked
dialog: at the crack game, I worked twice
dialog: as hard at my music.
scene_heading: INT. DC PRODUCTIONS - STUDIO - DAY
text: As Darius Clay and Tony Cash work the sound board, Marcus
text: wears headphones, rapping into a microphone over a beat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: My life became a blur of pumpin’
dialog: erack, writin’ lyrics and recordin’
dialog: demos. Half the time I didn’t even
dialog: know what fuckin’ day it was.
text: A BLINDING FAST LOOP OF REPETITIVE SHOTS
text: Marcus hustles on the street; Marcus in his apartment writing
text: lyrics in a notebook, Marcus recording in the studio.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 69.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: In a few months Bama was out and he
dialog: joined the crew. Say what you will
dialog: bout a country-ass nigga, but these
dialog: motherfuckers have a work ethic.
scene_heading: EXT. 141ST STREET - CRACK HOUSE - DAY
text: As Keryl acts as lookout, Bama sells crack from a small hole
text: in the door to a line of FIENDS who wait outside.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: In addition to runnin’ a house he
dialog: found, Bama took it on himself to
text: branch out into insurance scams.
scene_heading: INT. U-HAUL OFFICE - DAY
text: Bama stands at the counter filling out paperwork.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: He‘d rent a U-Haul, max it out on
dialog: liability insurance, then rent a
text: limo and pack it with fiends.
scene_heading: EXT. MERRICK BOULEVARD - DAY
text: A black stretch LIMO rolls down the street.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: At the appointed time...
text: SCREECH...CRASH!! A 14-foot U~Haul driven by Bama appears
text: out of nowhere, rear-ends the LIMO at a very moderate speed.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Every one of them niggas would have
text: severe back and neck injuries.
text: The FIENDS, all dressed in party clothes, stagger from the
text: limo exaggeratedly holding their back and necks.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: We'd give ‘em each a grand for
dialog: their trouble, send ‘em to fugazy
dialog: doctors we lined up, then collect
dialog: when the insurance money rolled in.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 70.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Bama sits on the bed talking on the phone as an ELDERLY LADY,
text: 80s, sits in a chair nearby, purse on her lap.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I finally got called in when Bama
dialog: started kidnappin’ niggas. I mean
dialog: this motherfucker was snatchin’
dialog: people we knew!
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: .Yo, Edgar, I got your Grandma, you
dialog: wanna see her again lemme hold
dialog: twenty thousand.
dialog: {hands phone to old lady)
dialog: He wanna talk to you.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - BACK ROOM - DAY
text: As a BODYGUARD stands nearby, Marcus and Bama sit across a
dialog: table from Majestic and Breeze.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: So what's this shit, your boy here
dialog: ain’t makin’ enough money?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It ain’t like that, it’s--
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: Shit gotta stop, this ain’t the
dialog: wild west, motherfucker.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Fuck that man, all I'm tryin‘--
speaker_heading: BREEZE
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Nobody talkin‘ to you, nigga.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (to Breeze)
dialog: Take it easy, a-ight?
dialog: {to Bama)
dialog: Go wait outside.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: You sure?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 71.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Go.
text: Bama gets up, HOWLING as he exits. As soon as he’s gone:
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: Fuck’s wrong with this nigga?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: He's a little fucked-up, a-ight?
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: Little fucked-up? Pay attention.
dialog: Nigga like that get you killed.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: He's ambitious, that’s all, he
dialog: likes makin’ money.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: And what about you?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What about me?
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: I hear you over that studio every
dialog: day, that tells me you ain’t
dialog: tendin’ to business.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I'm earnin’ more than ever.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: Well see it fuckin’ stays that way.
dialog: And keep that country-ass nigga on
text: a leash.
dialog: On Marcus.
scene_heading: EXT. MEDICAL BUILDING - DAY
text: Marcus pulls up in a brand new Mercedes, parks.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Later that day I dropped Bama at
dialog: the doctor for his own fake claim
dialog: from the U-haul shit.
text: Bama wears a phony neck-brace; Marcus helps him from the car.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 72.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I’m serious yo, you don't start
dialog: chillin’ you'll be wearin’ one of
dialog: them shits for real.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: I’m the wolfman dawg, fuck you
dialog: worried about?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (play shoves him)
dialog: I’m serious, motherfucker.
text: Bama laughs as they head to the building.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE ~ WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: Marcus reads a magazine, Bama next to him twitching. From
text: behind the desk, the RECEPTIONIST reads the sign-in sheet.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Elijah Samuels?
dialog: (off Bama‘s look)
dialog: The doctor will see you.
text: As Bama disappears inside, the Receptionist calls out:
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Charlene, I'm goin’ to lunch.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE (0.S.)
dialog: Bring me back a Diet Coke?
text: As the Receptionist exits, she is replaced at the desk by
dialog: Charlene, the girl we met earlier at Club Starlight. As she
text: busies herself with paperwork, Marcus smiles and approaches.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: (not even looking up)
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah, I’m here ‘cause of a broken
dialog: heart.
dialog: (she looks up)
dialog: I met this girl at a club a few
dialog: years back but she wouldn’t give
dialog: me her number.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 73.
text: Charlene’s jaw drops.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: How you been?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Good, good, you know...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Still in college?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: I took some time off, I’m thinking
dialog: of going to nursing school.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Well like I said, I got this broken
dialog: heart here.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: That sounds a little advanced for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You seem like a smart girl, I bet
dialog: you could handle it. still got a
dialog: boyfriend?
speaker_heading: / CHARLENE
dialog: Not at the moment.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (touches his heart)
dialog: So can I call you, make an
dialog: appointment for this thing?
text: Charlene debates it, then smiles, writes her number down.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Office hours are Saturday nights
dialog: only. And I don’t take Medicare.
text: Bama emerges as Marcus smiles, takes the slip of paper.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I'm feelin’ better already.
text: Marcus exits with Bama. On Charlene.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 74.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - LATER
text: Parked near a McDonald’s, Marcus and Bama eat, just hanging
text: out. Across the street, a gleaming black BMW sedan pulls up.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Check this shit.
text: A LARGE COLOMBIAN MAN in a suit emerges from the Beemer,
text: heads into the Check Cashing Store with a briefcase.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Colombians. Use that place to
dialog: launder money.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Real Tony Montana shit.
text: As they eat, Marcus looks down the block, spots
speaker_heading: JUNEBUG
text: emerging from a bodega, heading their way. Quietly, Marcus
text: slips his .9mm from his waistband.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: “sup?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Bitch-ass nigga Junebug.
text: We play the tension as Junebug passes. Marcus stares at him,
text: then goes back to eating in silence with Bama. Finally:
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Till I came here you know I never
dialog: really had no friends.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: That’s cause you a crazy-ass nigga.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: I'm serious, yo. Thanks for
dialog: stickin’ up for my ass.
text: Marcus nods, says nothing. They continue eating...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: When you run a crew, you can rarely
dialog: afford to show your men kindness,
dialog: not even for a second.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: Especially in the crack game, where
dialog: a second can mean the difference
dialog: between ridin’ in a limo or ridin’
text: in a hearse.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLENE’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
dialog: 75.
text: A black stretch limo is parked at the curb; its DRIVER stands
text: waiting. Marcus emerges from the building with Charlene, who
text: wears a beautiful dress. As the limo pulls off, we see that
text: it’s being followed by a White Bronco with tinted glass.
scene_heading: INT. WATER'S EDGE RESTAURANT ~ NIGHT
text: With the Manhattan skyline glistening in the background,
text: Marcus and Charlene sit at a romantic table for two.
text: They toast with champagne, then begin eating.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: So let‘s see. Champagne, limo,
dialog: fancy restaurant. I guess you
dialog: must be an investment banker or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Somethin’ like that.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: That why you got your boys over
dialog: there watching your back?
text: At a nearby table, we see Bama sitting with Keryl.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Does it matter?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Depends how far this goes.
dialog: {a few beats; then)
dialog: Tell you the truth, I suppose I
dialog: already know what you do.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: But you went out with me anyway.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Guess I have a thing for bad boys.
dialog: But not too bad.
text: Marcus smiles.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 76.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: So why would a guy like you be
dialog: interested in someone like me?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Someone like you? You’re
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
text: Working girl, straight-laced.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I like someone challenging, I
dialog: dunno. Someone I can talk to.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Challenging, huh?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: To a. point.
text: Charlene smiles. They continue eating.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST RIVER - NIGHT
text: Marcus and Charlene walk along the water.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: So how’d you get into... investment
dialog: banking, is it?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Family business, I had no choice.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Your daddy was a player?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: My moms.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Your mother?!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Maybe that’s why I like strong
dialog: women.
text: Charlene smiles. They continue walking. Ten paces behind,
text: we see Bama and Keryl following.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: They gonna be with us all night?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 99/12/04 77.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Not all night.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT ~ LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Marcus and Charlene sit on the couch; soft music; nightcaps.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: So when you said before you had no
dialog: choice but to get into the game,
dialog: what’d you mean by that?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It’s where I’m from, you know. You
dialog: play the cards you’re dealt.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: But sometimes you can trade the
dialog: ones you were dealt for new ones.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: That‘s what I’m plannin’ on doin’.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Music. I been developin’ my
dialog: skills, workin’ with Darius Clay.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Seriously?
speaker_heading: MARCUS,
dialog: Sent my demo out this week, tryin’
dialog: to get a record deal.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Really? That’s great.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (a few beats; then)
dialog: So why didn’t you give me your
dialog: number that night?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: I told you I had a boyfriend and...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: And what?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 78.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Nothing. It’s corny.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Come on, what?
text: Charlene looks at him.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: ‘Cause I knew if we were meant to,
dialog: one day we'd meet again.
text: Marcus looks at her, then:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I don’t think that’s corny at all.
text: And as they kiss...
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS‘ APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The lights are dim. Marcus carries Charlene into the
text: bedroom, gently places her on the bed. Slowly, they continue
text: to kiss as they undress each other and begin to make love.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - BEDROOM ~ LATER
text: Marcus sleeps alone in his bed. After a few beats, he stirs,
text: looks at the clock -- 2:18 a.m. He notices a light on in the
text: living room, gets up to investigate.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Marcus emerges in boxers. On the couch, wearing his shirt is
text: Charlene, who wears headphones, eyes closed as she listens to
text: music. Marcus comes up behind her, touches her. She jumps.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Jesus, you scared me!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Whatchu doin’, where’d you go?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: I wasn’t tired, so I came out here.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Whatchu listenin’ to?
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 79.
text: Charlene smiles, holds up a CD -- “Marcus Philips - Demo”.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Nah, gimme that.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: No, I love it, it’s great.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You like it? Really?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Are you crazy? You’re really
dialog: talented, you have a gift.
text: Just then, the phone RINGS. Marcus checks the number.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I gotta take this.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Some other girl?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (shoots her a look; then)
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. TOPCAT'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Topcat, high off his ass and covered with blood, stands
text: holding the phone. He slurs as he speaks.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: It’s me, fuck you doin’?
scene_heading: INTERCUT MARCUS AND TOPCAT
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I’m chillin’. Wassup?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: I need you over here.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What‘s wrong, you all right?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Just fuckin’ get here!
text: Topcat clicks off. Marcus turns to Charlene.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 80.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I gotta take you home.
scene_heading: INT. TOPCAT’S APARTMENT ~ LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: Still high, Topcat opens the door, lets Marcus in. The place
text: is a shambles. Marcus notices the blood, spots a hypodermic
text: needie, spoon and small bag of heroin on the coffee table.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: The fuck you doin’ to yourself?!
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: (plops on the couch)
dialog: I dunno, man. This motherfucker...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What motherfucker, who?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: It shoulda been me, son... it
dialog: shoulda been me...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What you mean? Majestic?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: You don’t know what the fuck you
dialog: talkin’ about, boy! Levar...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Levar what?
dialog: (puts it together)
dialog: So you got passed over, this is how
dialog: you deal with the shit? You become
dialog: a fuckin’ junkie?!
text: Topcat shakes his head, vaguely nods to the kitchen. Marcus
text: slowly makes his way inside, where we see SLIM, the hustler
text: who killed his mother, lying dead on the floor with a kitchen
text: knife plunged in his chest.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Who the fuck is this?!
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Nigga Slim, kill your mama. Saw
text: him on the street, he came back
dialog: around, I brought him up here.
text: Marcus lunges, grabs Topcat by the shirt, lifts him up.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 Bl.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Why didn’t you call me?!
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: I don‘t... I... I didn‘t--
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I told you if you ever find this
dialog: motherfucker let me know!
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: I didn't have--
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (shaking him)
dialog: You junkie motherfucker!
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: (struggling to fight back)
dialog: Don’t you talk to me like that,
dialog: boy!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I ain’t your fuckin’ boy!
text: Marcus shoves him back on the couch hard. Topcat looks up
text: at him, eyes tearing up. After a few beats...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What? You got somethin’ you wanna
dialog: say to me?
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: I loved her too, motherfucker...
dialog: I fuckin’ loved that girl.
text: Marcus looks at him, processing. An eternity, then...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: C‘mon, let‘s get rid of this shit.
text: And as he pulls some Hefty bags out of a kitchen drawer...
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAWN
text: Marcus enters, pours himself a drink, then sits on the couch.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: We dumped the body in the weeds
dialog: near the airport, then I dropped
text: Topcat back at his crib.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 82.
scene_heading: INT. TOPCAT’S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - DAY
text: Topcat sits on the toilet, straps up, injects a huge shot of
text: heroin. After a few seconds, he begins convulsing.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: It was the last time I‘d ever see
text: him alive.
text: Topcat stops moving.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I never did ask him straight up if
dialog: he was my father or not, but for
dialog: all we’d been through I guess he
dialog: may as well have been.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Closed to the general public. As few BODYGUARDS look on,
text: Marcus enters with Tyrell, joining Junebug and about a dozen
text: other HUSTLERS at a long table. At the head sits Majestic,
text: Breeze next to him. Hennessy all around.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: So I'll get right to it. I spoke
text: to the big man, he sends his
dialog: condolences. Topcat was a real
dialog: nigga.
text: Majestic raises his glass. They all follow.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Rest in peace.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: Obviously y‘all are here cause some
dialog: decisions have been made and this
dialog: comes right from Levar himself.
text: Majestic scans the contenders, all looking on in
text: anticipation. Finally, he turns to Marcus.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: You takin’ over for T-Cat, Tyrell
dialog: here your number two.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I didn‘t know Levar even knew my
dialog: name.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 83.
speaker_heading: BREEZE
dialog: Levar know everything, nigga.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: Any problems, let’s air it out now.
text: Majestic trades looks with the other Hustlers, settling on
text: Junebug, who does his best to hide his disdain.
speaker_heading: JUNEBUG
dialog: Cool with me.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: It done, then.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: (to Marcus)
dialog: God bless, man, you deserve it.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: Let's make some fuckin’ money.
text: And as they raise their glasses, we hear the POP of a
dialog: champagne cork and we're...
scene_heading: INT. CLUB STARLIGHT - VIP SECTION ~ NIGHT
text: Marcus stands filling the Crew’s glasses from a bottle of
text: Cristal as Charlene and a few other GIRLS look on.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: What started out as a great day
dialog: got even better by the afternoon...
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Marcus’ phone rings. He answers.
scene_heading: INT. DC PRODUCTIONS - STUDIO
text: Darius Clay talks on the phone. Tony Cash stands nearby.
speaker_heading: DARIUS CLAY
dialog: Genesis Records wants to make a
dialog: deal. They love your fuckin’ demo!
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 84.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB STARLIGHT - DANCE FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Music pumping; the dance floor is packed. Marcus and the
dialog: Crew dance with their Girls.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I had no idea by night time I'd
dialog: wish it never happened.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR - BROOKLYN - NIGHT
text: With rap music emanating from within, Bama appears, peeks in
text: the window. A few PATRONS drink at the bar, while at a table
text: in the back, Junebug and a few other HUSTLERS have drinks.
text: Suddenly, the door whips open. Bama enters, gun in hand,
text: kerchief over his face.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: On the floor motherfuckers!
text: The Patrons do as they're told. Junebug studies Bama as he
dialog: turns to the Bartender:
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Empty that fuckin’ cash drawer!
text: As he starts complying, the ladies room door opens. A young
text: WOMAN exits... instinctively Bama turns and fires...
text: BLAM!! BLAM!! Total chaos as the Woman goes down, blood
text: splattering the wall behind her. And as Bama hauls ass...
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC (V.O.)
dialog: You specifically said you would
dialog: curb this motherfucker!
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - BACK ROOM - DAY
text: Still wearing the same clothes from the night before,
text: Marcus sits before Majestic and Breeze.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I know, I just... Look, it ain’t
dialog: like he did it on purpose, a-ight?
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: He shot a nigga’s girl!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I didn’t know where he was.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 85.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: You didn’t know? You gotta know
dialog: where your niggas at and what they
dialog: doin’ at all times. Everything.
speaker_heading: BREEZE
dialog: Got these Brooklyn niggas up our
dialog: ass now.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: We were out, okay? He was supposed
dialog: to be with us, he didn't show up.
speaker_heading: BREEZE
dialog: So what you’re sayin’ then‘s
dialog: you can’t control this nigga.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: No, it’s just... It was an
dialog: accident...
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: We been through this before.
dialog: (as if to a child)
dialog: The nigga can‘t follow orders,
dialog: the nigga got to go.
dialog: (off Marcus’ look)
dialog: What? You got a problem with that?
text: Marcus sits for a long time, says nothing.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: You got twenty four hours.
text: Marcus nods, exits.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. JOHN'S CEMETERY - (LATER THAT) DAY
text: CLOSE ON -- a simple headstone:
dialog: Katrina Philips
dialog: 1961-1984
text: PULL BACK to reveal Marcus seated before it, deep in thought.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: I don‘t know why, but until that
dialog: day I never visited my mom’s grave.
dialog: I sat there for hours, with
dialog: everything I ever wanted and
dialog: nothin’ all at the same time.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 86.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. JOHN'S CEMETERY - QUEENS - DAY
text: Marcus walks alone through the headstones.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)}
dialog: As I walked to my car, I still
dialog: didn’t know what I was gonna do.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ MERCEDES - DAY
text: Parked outside the cemetery, Marcus sits in his car, dials
text: his cell. We hear a number RINGING.
scene_heading: INT. BAR/RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Majestic’s cell phone RINGS. He checks the number, answers.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: Go.
scene_heading: INTERCUT MARCUS AND MAJESTIC
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It's me.
speaker_heading: MAJESTIC
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Go fuck yourself. I ain‘t givin’
dialog: up my boy.
text: Marcus clicks off.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Just like that, we were renegades.
scene_heading: INT. ‘MARCUS’ APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The whole Crew is there, in mid war council.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Are you out your fuckin’ mind?!
dialog: How we gonna eat, man?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Same as always, keep on hustlin’.
text: Ontitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 87.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Majestic and that other
dialog: motherfucker run this game.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: They run it, they don’t own it.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: We can get our product down south.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Meantime, I’m gettin’ an advance on
dialog: the record deal.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Enough for everybody?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It ain’t a lot, but it should
dialog: tide us over.
text: No one says a word, Marcus looks at Tyrell.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You‘re bein’ awful quiet.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: It's fucked up, man. These niggas
dialog: don’t play around.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (re: Bama)
dialog: Whatchu want me to do, give his ass
dialog: up?! If it was any of ya‘ll I'da
dialog: done the same fuckin‘ thing!
dialog: (a few beats; then)
text: The door’s wide open. Anybody
dialog: wants to go, now’s your chance,
dialog: no repercussions.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: We're this fuckin’ close to gettin’
dialog: outta this shit, I‘m recordin’ this
dialog: album and I’m gonna blow up. We
dialog: all will if we just stick together.
text: The guys exchange looks. A long time, then:
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: A-ight, I’m in.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Too far to back out now. Let‘s do
dialog: this shit.
dialog: Untitled 50 cent Project "2nd Revision 09/12/04 88.
text: Tyrell looks at Bama, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Crazy ass nigga, whatchu go and
dialog: do now?
dialog: And on Marcus’ smile...
scene_heading: INT. DC PRODUCTIONS -—- STUDIO - DAY
text: Marcus stands in a sound booth singing into a mic.
speaker_heading: MARCUS. (V.0O.)
dialog: Over the next few months, I worked
dialog: my ass off in the studio.
scene_heading: INT. DC PRODUCTIONS - STUDIO
text: Marcus signs some papers as Darius Clay looks on.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: The advance came in, but between
dialog: lawyers, managers and Darius Clay,
dialog: there wasn’t much left over.
text: Darius hands Marcus a check. He looks at it, frowns.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD ~ NIGHT
text: A cold night. Marcus and the Crew stand around outside.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: On the street things weren’t much
dialog: better. Not only did we have to
dialog: watch our backs...
text: A FORD TAURUS drives by slowly. Marcus and the Crew stick
text: their hand under their coats. The FORD drives off.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: It was also harder than ever to
dialog: come by product.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Wearing an expectant look, Marcus lets Romeo and Bama inside.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 89.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: (takes out a package)
dialog: Quarter key, that all he had.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: If there’s one thing I learned in
dialog: life, it’s this -- as complicated
dialog: as things seem, they could always
dialog: get more complicated.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - BEDROOM
text: Marcus sits on the couch writing in his notebook, working on
text: his raps. After a beat, Charlene comes out of the bathroom.
text: She sits next to him, says nothing. After a while:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Why you so quiet, shorty?
text: Charlene looks at him, holds up a home pregnancy test strip -
text: its center is bright BLUE. Marcus processes it, then:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: How far are you?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: About twelve weeks.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Twelve weeks? What about your
dialog: period?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: I was spotting, I’m sorry...
dialog: (starts crying)
dialog: I didn’t plan this.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: That's not what I‘m sayin’.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: What are we gonna do, we have no
dialog: money...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: My record’s comin’ out, it’s gonna
dialog: blow up.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: You don’t know that, Marcus.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 90.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I thought you believed in me.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Ido. It’s just--
text: Charlene breaks down crying. Marcus holds her.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: A-ight, forget that shit for now.
dialog: In a perfect world, what would you
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Marcus, we have nothing! This is
dialog: far from a perfect world.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I'll make it one, answer the
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: (looks at him; then)
dialog: In a perfect world? I’d have your
dialog: baby.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Then that’s what we’re gonna do.
scene_heading: EXT. CHECK CASHING STORE - JAMAICA AVENUE - NIGHT
text: Same shot as the opening. The stolen Suburban sits near the
text: Check Cashing Store, Keryl alone in the driver's seat:
scene_heading: INT. CHECK CASHING STORE - NIGHT
text: As the Koreans count out CASH, the Guard approaches the
text: peephole, his .45 pistol still in its holster.
scene_heading: GUARD'S POV THROUGH PEEPHOLE
text: Rodrigo stands outside, holds up a Nathan's bag.
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: (as he unlocks the door)
dialog: Fuck you been, I‘m starvin’ in--
text: BAMMMM!!! The door kicks in violently...
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 91.
scene_heading: EXT. CHECK CASHING STORE - NIGHT
text: Keryl sits in the Suburban, looking toward the store.
text: Suddenly, the gunshots -- the shotgun BLAST followed by
text: the RAT-TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT of the Uzi.
text: Within seconds, our GUYS come charging out. Romeo sprints
text: to the Suburban, tosses the duffel bag inside. Marcus
text: approaches with Bama, Tyrell following.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: Fuck happened in there?!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Help me get him in!
text: Romeo and Tyrell help Marcus lift Bama into the back.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED STREET - NIGHT
text: A desolate road near JFK. Tyrell’s Lexus, Marcus’ Mercedes
text: and a Bronco parked nearby. As Keryl screeches up in the
text: Suburban, the Crew jumps out, adrenaline still pumping.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: We fuckin’ did it!!
text: Like a well-oiled machine, the guys scatter to their cars
text: as Romeo empties a gas can over the Suburban's upholstery.
text: Marcus tosses the duffel in his trunk, starts to get in.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: My crib, tomorrow, 11 o’clock.
text: With that, Romeo tosses a match in the Suburban. It goes up
text: in flames with a WHOOSH as the Crew take off in their cars.
scene_heading: EXT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT BUILDING - (LATER THAT) NIGHT
text: The street is quiet, deserted. Marcus pulls up in the
text: Mercedes, finds a spot near the building.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Whoever said money can’t buy
dialog: happiness shoulda been me on
dialog: that ride home.
text: He gets out, crosses to the trunk, POPS it.
scene_heading: Untitled 59 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 92.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: My music was on track, I was gonna
dialog: be a father... For the first time
dialog: in a long time it felt like
dialog: everything was gonna be okay...
text: And as he leans in and grabs the duffel, A FIGURE appears
text: from behind a parked car, raises a gun. Marcus senses
text: something, bolts with the duffel bag, but...
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Bullets tear into his body; he
text: contorts, keeps running, tries to grab his own gun, but...
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! More shots; he collapses to the street,
text: drops the bag, blood gushing from his wounds. And as he
text: loses consciousness, the FIGURE calmly approaches, takes
text: aims at his prone body...
text: BLAM! Another shot rips into Marcus’ jaw. And as the
text: FIGURE grabs the duffel and bolts, Marcus’ blood pools on
text: the street. And as the CAMERA MOVES IN on his eyes...
speaker_heading: TOPCAT (V.O.)
dialog: (game show host voice)
dialog: Hey hey hey! Let’s give a warm
dialog: welcome back to Marcus Philips!
scene_heading: INT. GAME SHOW SET - FANTASY SEQUENCE
text: Over the sounds of wild APPLAUSE, we‘re back on the set
text: of “Let’s Make a Drug Deal”. The adult Marcus stands with
text: Topeat, who’s now dressed in a white tuxedo.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Congratulations, Marcus, you‘ve
dialog: made it all the way to our bonus
dialog: round!
text: We HEAR a series of BELLS, WHISTLES, other SOUND EFFECTS.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: And here’s how it works. You can
dialog: cash out now and chalk yourself up
dialog: as another NYPD statistic...
text: Topcat nods toward his lovely game show assistant -~- it’s
text: KATRINA, Marcus’ mom, glowing all in white, standing beside
text: her Buick Regal. She holds a gift box, smiles...
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: I got you the Atari, baby.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 93.
dialog: BACK TO TOPCAT
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: Or you can risk it all and go back
dialog: to a very uncertain future...
text: Topcat gestures to his other Assistant -- a fat, middle-aged
text: NURSE who stands beside a wheelchair.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: So what’s it gonna be Marcus, door
dialog: number one or door number two?
text: THE AUDIENCE is again packed with YOUNG BLACK MALES, but
text: unlike before, they’re all bulliet-riddled and bloody --
text: murder victims, including a laughing, bloody Antwan.
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE MEMBER #1
dialog: Stay here nigga! Who you think you
dialog: are?
speaker_heading: ANTWAN
dialog: Ain’t nothin’ back there for you!
text: BACK TO MARCUS, who stands with Topcat thinking it over.
speaker_heading: TOPCAT
dialog: What’s it gonna be, Marcus?
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: As Charlene, Grandma, Grandpa and Cameron look on, a DOCTOR,
text: 30s, hovers over Marcus, who’s wrapped like a mummy, jaw
text: wired, tubes and wires protruding everywhere.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (snapping his fingers)
dialog: Marcus? Marcus.
text: Very slowly, Marcus opens his swollen eyes, tries to focus.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Hey, you're still with us.
dialog: (beat; off Marcus’ look)
dialog: You‘re in pretty bad shape and I
dialog: know you can’t talk, but I want you
dialog: to try and squeeze my hand, okay?
text: Marcus looks at him blankly.
text: CLOSE ON MARCUS’ FINGERS -- They don’t move. Charlene cries.
text: Finally... he squeezes the Doctor‘’s hand.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 94.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA CHARLENE
dialog: Thank you Jesus. Oh my God.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Go back to sleep, you're gonna make
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: A few weeks later. Marcus, thin, weak, legs in a cast, head
text: wrapped, jaw wired, sits in a chair looking out the window.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: In the weeks followin’ the
dialog: shooting, I did nothin’ but think.
dialog: With nine bullet holes in me,
dialog: there wasn’t much I could do.
dialog: Though my jaw was shattered and I
dialog: could barely talk, I was still
dialog: amazingly lucky - whoever Majestic
dialog: sent to kill me fucked it up pretty
dialog: good.
text: Charlene, now noticeably pregnant, enters with a malted.
text: She unwraps a straw, holds it to his mouth.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Here baby, sip this.
text: The phone RINGS. Charlene crosses and answers.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Hello?... Hold on.
dialog: (turns to Marcus)
dialog: Genesis Records?
text: Marcus nods, takes the phone.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: {through wired jaw)
dialog: Lo?
text: Marcus listens a while, hangs up. Charlene looks at him.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: They droppin’ me.
text: Charlene crosses, gives him a hug...
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 95.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: For months after, I refused to see
dialog: any of my crew -- as their leader I
dialog: couldn’t afford to let them see me
text: in a compromised position.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE ~ POCONOS - DAY
text: Rural; the middle of nowhere. With Marcus in the passenger
text: seat, Charlene pulls up and parks a beat up Chevy near a
text: small, run-down cottage.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I sold my car, scraped together
dialog: some cash, then moved us up to a
text: small house in the Poconos.
text: Marcus gets out of the car on crutches - though his jaw is no
text: longer wired, he’s extremely thin.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I had lost sixty eight pounds.
text: Charlene reaches into the back of the car, removes a car seat
text: with an INFANT strapped in.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Aside from Charlene and our new
dialog: baby Michael, I didn’t have a
dialog: fuckin’ thing.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - POCONOS - DAY
text: Dingy; hardly any furniture. Marcus and Charlene sit at the
text: table eating dinner, the BABY asleep in a crib nearby.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: I was in exile.
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL THERAPY OFFICE - DAY
text: As a PHYSICAL THERAPIST guides him, Marcus slowly walks
text: between two parallel bars.
scene_heading: PHYSICAL THERAPIST
dialog: Easy. Use the supports, come on.
text: Marcus frowns, keeps walking. He’s clearly in pain.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 96.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (slurred; stiff jawed)
dialog: We been doin’ this for weeks.
scene_heading: PHYSICAL THERAPIST
dialog: It may take years, Marcus.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - POCONOS - DAY
text: A dejected Marcus sits watching Jerry Springer. Outside,
text: Charlene pulls up in the Chevy.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - POCONOS - CONTINUOUS
text: Marcus limps outside as Charlene takes the baby out of his
dialog: car seat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS.
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Can you take him?
text: Charlene hands Marcus the baby. He winces from the weight.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Ah. Fuck.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: (grabs the baby)
dialog: Give him to me. Go back inside.
speaker_heading: MARCUS.
dialog: Fuckin’ shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - POCONOS - CONTINUOUS
text: Marcus limps back inside. Charlene follows with the baby and
text: a bag of groceries. As they put them away in silence, the
text: phone RINGS. Marcus lets the answering machine pick it up.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: (over answering machine)
dialog: Marcus, it’s Tony Cash, you there?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: You wanna get that?
text: Marcus shakes his head no.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 97.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: (over answering machine)
dialog: Just so you know I left Darius, I'm
dialog: out on my own now. Hit me up,
dialog: let's talk.
text: The machine cuts off. They continue putting away the
text: groceries in silence. After a while...
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: You gonna call him back?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: I dunno. To talk about recording?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Recordin’?! I can barely fuckin’
dialog: talk!
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: So that’s it then? This is it?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck you talkin’ about?
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: This! This place, this life! Is
dialog: this it for us?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I‘m in fuckin‘ pain, Charlene!
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: What about me, you don’t think I'm
dialog: in pain?!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I almost fuckin’ died!
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: And you’re acting like you did!
text: Marcus stops in his tracks.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: I know you hurt, Marcus, I can’t
dialog: imagine how bad, but it can’t be
dialog: worse than what I feel when I see
dialog: you giving up on yourself.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 98.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE (cont'd)
dialog: (several beats; then)
dialog: You don‘t lose a fight by getting
dialog: knocked down, baby. You lose by
dialog: staying down.
text: Marcus looks at her. After a long time, he crosses, puts his
text: arms around her.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Charlene was right. Everything I
dialog: ever got was ‘cause I busted my ass
dialog: to get it.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE ~- POCONOS - BEDROOM - DAY
text: Wearing sweats and a T-shirt, Marcus sits on the edge of the
text: bed slowing tying his sneakers.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Why should gettin’ better be any
dialog: different?
text: And as some driving music kicks in, we're in a MONTAGE...
scene_heading: INT. GYM - DAY
text: Marcus enters the gym. Slowly, he lifts weights, just the
text: bar at first. He grimaces in pain.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - POCONOS - DAY
text: Marcus lays on the floor, plays with Michael as Charlene
dialog: makes dinner.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Marcus stands before the mirror slowly working his jaw
text: muscles, forcing his mouth to form words through the pain.
scene_heading: INT. GYM ~ DAY
text: Marcus walks on a treadmill. Lifts weights again -- this
text: time there’s more than just the bar.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - POCONOS - DAY
text: Leaves are changing color. Marcus walks in the yard with
text: Michael, now several months older.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 99.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - NIGHT
text: Shirt off, Marcus does pull ups; he‘s gaining weight and
text: muscle. We see him on the treadmill -- running.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Marcus speaks into a mic, recording himself rapping. He
text: plays it back, seems satisfied with the results.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - POCONOS - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Weeks later. Marcus stands drinking a protein shake.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - DAY
text: Marcus bench presses real weight; he looks like his old self.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - POCONOS - DAY
text: With snow on the ground, Marcus runs, throwing punches like a
text: boxer. And as he nears the house, we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TONY CASH'S HOUSE - KITCHEN -~ DAY
text: Tony sits reading the paper. The phone RINGS. He answers.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MARCUS'S VOICE
dialog: (over telephone)
dialog: They put Humpty Dumpty back
dialog: together again.
text: And on Tony’s smile...
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - POCONOS ~ DAY
text: Marcus sits with Tony eating lunch.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: So what’s the plan, man? Whatchu
dialog: gonna do with yourself?
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 100.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Haven‘t really thought about it.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: You like it up here?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah, it’s a-ight.
dialog: (off Tony’s look)
dialog: It fuckin’ sucks, okay?
text: Tony laughs, pushes his plate away.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH.
dialog: Obviously I didn’t drive all the
dialog: way up here to talk about real
dialog: estate. So you got my message I
dialog: left Darius, right?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Good guy, different vision.
text: Marcus nods. A few beats, then:
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: I think you should focus on
dialog: recordin’ again.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: For who? Genesis dropped my ass.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Fuck Genesis, record for the
dialog: street.
dialog: (off Marcus‘ look)
dialog: Mix tapes, bootlegs, sell ‘em right
dialog: there on the sidewalk. You got a
dialog: buzz man, people already know who
dialog: you are. Fucked as it is, gettin’
dialog: shot got you more press than any
dialog: fuckin’ record deal.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Some fuckin’ publicity stunt.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: I got a studio right in my
dialog: basement, we can work in private.
text: It‘s quiet, isolated, away from all
dialog: the bullshit.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 101.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH (cont'd)
dialog: You do a record, we drop it, do
dialog: another, drop that a month later.
dialog: You’re back from the dead man,
dialog: your shit‘ll be everywhere.
dialog: What do you say?
text: And as Marcus mulls his decision:
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Much as you hear the term used,
dialog: there’s no such thing as a gangsta
dialog: rapper. Truth is you can’t be
dialog: both, at least not effectively.
dialog: You're either a gangsta or a rapper
dialog: and each one requires your full and
dialog: total dedication. I decided that
dialog: day to put the thug life behind
dialog: me -~ I was now a rapper.
text: Marcus looks Tony in the eye.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: When do we fuckin' start?
text: And as one of Marcus’ songs kick in...
scene_heading: INT. TONY CASH’S HOUSE - STUDIO - DAY
text: A small in-home studio. As Marcus stands in the sound booth
text: rapping into a mic, Tony works the sound board.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Within a week, I started workin’
dialog: with Tony night and day. We began
dialog: with some shit I wrote in the
dialog: hospital.
text: Over the song Marcus is recording, we see the following:
scene_heading: INT. PHOTO STUDIO - DAY
text: Marcus poses for a PHOTOGRAPHER, shirt off.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: A month later we had eighteen
dialog: tracks, made our own independent
dialog: album.
text: CLICK. The Photographer takes Marcus’ picture, which we see
text: on the cover of a mix tape CD titled “Bulletproof”.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 102.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Since the crack game was what I
dialog: knew best, I decided to use those
dialog: same skills in the record business.
dialog: I was the supplier...
scene_heading: INT. TONY CASH‘S HOUSE - BASEMENT ~ DAY
text: Bama sits at a table, inserting CDs into jewel cases.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Bama was in charge of packaging...
scene_heading: EXT. TONY CASH’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Keryl and Romeo load cases of “Bulletproof” into the Bronco.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: And Keryl and Romeo handled
dialog: distribution...
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Wearing shades, dressed sharp, Tyrell leans against a new Jag
text: parked on the corner.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Though I hated to see him go,
dialog: Tyrell decided he‘d rather take his
dialog: chances on the street. Within days
dialog: my shit was all over New York...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - QUEENS - DAY
text: Keryl and Romeo pull up in the Bronco, park near a sidewalk
text: cD stand. And as they unload cases of “Bulletproof”...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Street corners...
scene_heading: INT. CLUB - NIGHT
text: The dance floor is packed. Bama and Romeo cross the room,
text: hand the DJ a CD. The DJ takes it, nods.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Clubs...
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 103.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - QUEENS - NIGHT
text: TEENAGERS hang out, Marcus‘ music playing from a boom box.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Parks... Instead of crack, it was
dialog: now my music floodin’ the city.
scene_heading: INT. TONY CASH’S HOUSE - STUDIO - DAY
text: Marcus at the mic; Tony at the board. The Crew looks on.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: As for me, I kept in the studio,
dialog: doin’ six more records in seven
dialog: months.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - DAY
text: At a different sidewalk CD stand, we PAN across a row of
text: Marcus Philips bootlegs, all with different covers.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Even still I knew I could do more.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS’ APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: With BET on the television, Charlene serves pizza as Marcus,
text: Keryl, Tony and Romeo sit around bullshitting. Bama sits on
text: the floor playing with the Michael, now a toddler.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What we need’s a record to grab
dialog: people, get they attention.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Dawg, you all they talkin’ about
dialog: out there.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Maybe so, but we're talkin’ about
text: gettin’ to the next level.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Create some controversy.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Thanks, but I think I’ve had more
dialog: controversy than I can stand.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 104.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You know what I mean.
text: As they ad-lib goodnights, Charlene exits to put Michael to
text: bed. On TV, a lame gangsta video plays. Bama watches it.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: Check these lame~ass niggas.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: That ain’t gangsta.
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: (to Marcus)
dialog: You seen more shit in a afternoon
dialog: than these niggas seen in they
dialog: whole lives.
text: The guys watch in silence a while, eat their pizza, then:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: KERYL
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: That’s I’ma sing about, all the
dialog: shit happened to me.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Pumpin’ crack, gettin’ shot. I’‘1l
dialog: name names and everything.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: You fuckin’ buggin’?
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Sure you wanna do that?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck ‘em, what they gonna do?
text: And as the guys look at him:
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Far as I’m concerned, if Bama
dialog: never said nothin’ intelligent
dialog: ever again, it wouldn‘t matter.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision “09/12/04 105.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: In his own crazy way, he had just
dialog: given me the idea that would change
dialog: our lives. Three days after
dialog: finishing that pizza, I laid down
text: a new track in Tony’s basement.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TONY CASH’S HOUSE - STUDIO - DAY
text: As Tony works the board, Marcus records a song similar to
dialog: “Ghetto Q’uaran” appropriate to the movie in which he names
text: names and talks about real events in his life. As it plays:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - DAY
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS: At a sidewalk CD stand, Keryl and Romeo
text: deliver cases of the new bootleg.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: What started as an independent
dialog: record hit like nothin’ I'd ever
dialog: done, I mean it spread like a
dialog: fuckin’ gasoline fire.
text: KIDS in the park hover around a boom box listening in
text: disbelief to the song; a local RADIO DJ holds up the bootleg,
text: talks into the mic; a sidewalk CD Hustler hawks the bootleg
text: on the street.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
text: Suddenly everybody was talkin’
dialog: about me, and not just fans either.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Majestic and Breeze sit in the BMW, listening to the CD.
text: They don’t look happy.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Truth is, I didn’t give a fuck.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - POCONOS - NIGHT
text: Cameron sits at the kitchen table, in mid-conversation with
text: Marcus, who's sits across from him going over some papers.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 106.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: --.so aside from that, it’s a
dialog: standard contract. Tony’1l make
dialog: the rounds, call us from L.A.
text: Marcus nods. He looks up at Cameron, senses something.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What else on your mind?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I got a call from the District
dialog: Attorney's office. They're still
text: investigating the shooting.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Why they waste their time? They
dialog: know I ain’t gonna testify against
dialog: fuckin’ Majestic.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: That’s the thing though... they
dialog: don't think it was him.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Obviously it wasn’t him literally,
dialog: it was some nigga work for him.
text: Cameron says nothing.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Look, this is some really
dialog: confidential shit, okay?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Stop talkin’ to me like a lawyer,
dialog: b. What?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: (leaning in)
dialog: The Bureau of Prisons has wiretaps
dialog: in all maximum security facilities,
dialog: it allows them to monitor high-
dialog: level prisoners. After you had
dialog: your problem, told Majestic to fuck
dialog: off? He called Levar Cahill to
dialog: get permission to have you killed.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project “ 2nd Revision 09/12/04 107.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: So there it is.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Levar said no. He told ‘em to back
dialog: off of you and Bama.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What? why?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I have no idea.
dialog: On Marcus.
scene_heading: INT. COTTAGE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: As Charlene sleeps beside him, Marcus lays awake in bed.
text: After a few beats, he gets up, checks the baby, then exits.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: For days after that conversation, I
dialog: tried to make sense of this shit.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - POCONOS - NIGHT
text: Marcus sits outside, alone on the porch steps.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: By the code of the street, they had
dialog: every right to kill me.
scene_heading: EXT. LEWISBURG PRISON —- PENNSYLVANIA - PARKING AREA ~- DAY
text: A large maximum security facility. Marcus pulls up in a BMW,
text: no Bodyguards. He parks, heads toward a guard gate.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Not only couldn‘’t I figure out who
dialog: shot me -~ I had no fuckin’ idea
dialog: why Levar wouldn’t allow it.
scene_heading: INT. LEWISBURG PRISON - VISTOR‘S AREA - DAY
text: Marcus sits in a booth, telephone on the wall next to him.
text: After a few beats, LEVAR CAHILL enters the glassed-in
text: visitor’s area in an orange prison jumpsuit. He takes a
text: seat behind the Plexiglas opposite Marcus. Picks up the
text: phone. Marcus does the same.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 108.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Thanks for seein’ me.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Thanks for comin’.
text: Marcus smiles. It’s awkward.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: So how you doin’?
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Survivin’... See you are too.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah, well...
dialog: (several beats; then)
dialog: Listen, I know you can’t really
dialog: talk... freely, you know, but...
dialog: I just wanted to thank you.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: For what?
text: Marcus looks away, doesn't know how to say it.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I did some shit, maybe made some
dialog: bad mistakes...
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Stepped on the wrong fuckin’ toes.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Well just so you know, my boys
dialog: weren't the niggas bent you up.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I know that... I don’t know who was
dialog: gunnin’ for me now.
text: Levar nods. A few beats, then:
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: What's this shit I hear, you
dialog: singin’ now?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Workin’ at it.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 109.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Sounds to me like you gotta figure
dialog: out who the fuck you are, son.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: You know you may not know it, but
dialog: Mme and your boy Topcat was pretty
dialog: tight at one time.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Word?
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Back in the day, came up together
dialog: right there in your old hood.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Well I know he thought the world of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You got a girl?
speaker_heading: MARCUS,
dialog: My baby moms.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Baby, huh? Got a picture?
text: Marcus takes out his wallet, holds a PHOTO of Michael against
text: the glass. Levar smiles.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Name‘s Michael.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Got your mama's eyes.
text: Marcus smiles, nods... then it hits him.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You knew my moms?
text: Levar looks at him.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 110.
speaker_heading: LEVAR CAHILL
dialog: Much, much better than you realize.
dialog: (several beats; then}
dialog: Take care of yourself.
text: Levar hangs up. He touches his fingers to his lips, then
text: to the Plexiglas. He gets up, crosses off into the prison
text: without looking back. Marcus watches thunderstruck as he
dialog: processes what he’s just been told.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STATE THRUWAY - DAY
text: Marcus drives the Chevy, lost in thought...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: The whole ride home my mind was
dialog: racin', it was like my brain was on
dialog: overload. If Levar was my father,
dialog: I had to reinterpret everything I
dialog: knew about myself -- not to mention
dialog: everything that had happened.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Marcus cruises the boulevard, checking out the FIENDS and
text: HUSTLERS. He stops at a light, looks across the street where
text: Junebug makes a sale to Kenneth, the high school bully.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: I always assumed it was Junebug
dialog: bent me up -- God knows the
dialog: motherfucker had his reasons.
dialog: But just when I made up my
dialog: mind for sure... it hit me.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
text: pulls up next to him in a gleaming new Jaguar, a HOTTIE
text: at his side. Marcus looks at him a beat, then follows
text: discreetly when the light changes.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: Tyrell gets out of the parked Jag, looking like a million
text: bucks. As he opens the passenger door for his GIRLFRIEND...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (0.S.)
dialog: Tyrell.
text: Tyrell turns around, startled. Marcus is behind him.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 1il.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Fuck, you fuckin’ scared me, man!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Why'd you be scared of me?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: I didn’t expect you, fuck...
dialog: How you doin’?!
text: Tyrell hugs him. Marcus is stiff.
speaker_heading: : MARCUS
dialog: I’m a-ight.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: This is my girl, Lena. Say hi to
dialog: Marcus.
speaker_heading: LENA
dialog: Hello.
text: Marcus just nods. Turns back to Tyrell.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: So how you been, seem like you
dialog: doin’ real good.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Yeah, you know...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: New car, new crib... Gettin’ your
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: (laughs uncomfortably)
dialog: Tryin’, you know.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - A QUICK SERIES OF CUTS
text: The night of the shooting. Marcus parks his Mercedes,
text: crosses to the trunk. Grabs the duffel. A FIGURE appears,
text: raises a gun.
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM!
text: Marcus collapses, blood gushing from his wounds. And as he
text: loses consciousness, WE SEE the figure approach and take aim.
dialog: It’s Tyrell.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 112.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: So you wanna come in for a drink?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Nah, you go. Maybe another time.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Absolutely, man.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Absolutely.
dialog: (nods to Lena)
dialog: Nice meetin’ you.
text: ‘Marcus stands watching as Tyrell and Lena cross off toward
dialog: his building...
scene_heading: EXT. REDNECK BAR - PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Marcus stands with a TRUCKER type, 40s, looking into the
text: trunk of the guy's car.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: Later that night, I scraped
dialog: together whatever money I had
dialog: left and strapped myself up.
text: Marcus selects a .45 automatic from an open suitcase, tries
text: it out, then pays the Trucker in cash.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: Levar was right -- it was time
dialog: to figure out who the fuck I was.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - POCONOS - DAY
text: Marcus loads the last of several suitcases into the trunk of
text: the Chevy, which is packed with moving boxes also. Charlene
text: pokes her head out of the cottage's front door.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Marcus, Tony called again.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fuck it, don't worry about it.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: He left like six messages. He says
dialog: it‘s important.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 113.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I’1l call him later.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA‘’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Grandma fawns over Charlene and Michael as Marcus, Grandpa
dialog: and Uncle Sport carry in boxes.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.Q.)
dialog: That day I moved us back to my
dialog: Grandma‘s. And though she made us
dialog: a big dinner...
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA'S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Marcus and Charlene sit at the table with Grandma, Grandpa
text: and Michael. Marcus doesn’t touch his food.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: ..-food was the last thing on my
dialog: mind.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA'S HOUSE - MARCUS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: As the phone RINGS upstairs, Marcus slips the .45 into his
text: waistband, then slips on a Kevlar vest. A few beats, then:
speaker_heading: CHARLENE (0.S.)
dialog: Marcus, it’s Tony!
text: Marcus frowns. A beat, then he picks up the extension:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I got it!
text: Charlene clicks off. Marcus talks into the phone.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Wassup?
scene_heading: INT. KALEIDOSCOPE RECORDS - RECEPTION - LOS ANGELES - DAY
text: GOLD RECORDS, photos of MUSICIANS line the wall. Tony Cash
text: sits on a couch talking on his cell phone.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Fuck you been? I been callin’
dialog: for days.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 114.
scene_heading: INTERCUT MARCUS AND TONY CASH
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I‘m busy, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Fuck all that, I got good news.
dialog: Kaleidoscope heard the mix tapes,
dialog: they wanna sign you.
speaker_heading: MARCUS.
dialog: Fuck it, I’m not interested.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It's over man, I’m done with that
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Fuck you talking about?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You heard me.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: You realize what you're sayin’
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I know exactly what I’m sayin’.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Look, let’s talk about--
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I gotta go.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Marcus, just--
text: Click. Marcus hangs up on him.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDMA’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: On the couch Grandpa plays with Michael as Charlene and
text: Grandma look on. Marcus enters.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 115.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: What’d Tony want?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Nothin’. Business stuff.
text: Marcus starts slipping on his jacket, heads to the foyer.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: You’re going out?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I got some shit I gotta take care
dialog: of.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: But we just got here.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I'll be back in a little while.
text: Charlene approaches, puts her arms around him to kiss him,
text: then pulls back...
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: You’re wearing your vest?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It’s nothin’.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: You’re scaring me.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It’s a-ight, relax.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE.
dialog: Marcus, what the hell--
dialog: Charlene stops, notices
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: standing behind them. She looks at Marcus, then:
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Come say bye to daddy, baby.
text: Michael waddles over in his pajamas. Marcus picks him up.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 116.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Hey little man, you goin’ to bed?
dialog: You know tomorrow we goin’ to
dialog: Playland, go on some of them
dialog: rides, would you like that?
text: Marcus looks at Michael. Suddenly it hits him...
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK
text: Same foyer. 8-year-old Marcus in pj‘s. Katrina kneels down.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: I‘ll see you Saturday, okay, baby?
text: BACK TO PRESENT.
text: Marcus stands looking at Michael.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yeah.
text: He hands Michael to Charlene.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I gotta go.
text: Michael gives Charlene a quick peck, then exits.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN WYCK EXPRESSWAY ~- NIGHT
text: Marcus drives the Chevy...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: There’s an old saying that he who
dialog: forgets the past is doomed to
dialog: repeat it. But hard as it was to
dialog: tear myself away from my son that
dialog: night, I had to address this shit
dialog: with Tyrell.
text: And as he pulls off at an exit...
scene_heading: EXT. TYRELL’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Tyrell exits the building, crosses to his Jag parked on the
text: deserted street. He hits the remote. It BEEPS, then:
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 117.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t fuckin’ move.
text: Marcus appears from nowhere, his .45 pressed against Tyrell’‘s
text: temple. In a flash, he reaches under Tyrell’s jacket,
text: removes his Glock .9mm, pockets it. Tyrell trembles.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: You motherfucker.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: On your knees.
text: Tyrell drops to his knees, shaking.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Why you fuckin’ doin’ this, man?
dialog: I thought we were friends.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: That’s what I fuckin’ thought.
dialog: At least have the balls to admit
dialog: what you did.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Say it! Tell me how you fuckin’
dialog: shot me, how you left me for dead,
dialog: took that fuckin’ money.
text: Tyrell trembles. Marcus presses the barrel of the gun into
text: his forehead. Finally:
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: You woulda done the same fuckin’
dialog: thing, man!
text: Marcus looks at him, almost smiles.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I coulda done the same thing.
text: Marcus‘ finger starts to tighten on the trigger. Tyrell’s
text: eyes close. Marcus squeezes and...
speaker_heading: CLICK.
text: The .45 is unloaded. Tyrell looks up at him, practically
text: pissing himself.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 118.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: The streets‘1l take care of you,
dialog: motherfucker. I‘m done with your
dialog: ass.
text: As Marcus turns and heads back to the Chevy, we stay with
text: Tyrell, who quietly removes a .380 from an ankle holster.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: In many ways, the question of
dialog: who we are and what we'll be is
dialog: determined at birth.
text: Tyrell runs up behind him, gun drawn, aiming...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0O.)
dialog: For me, the hood was in my blood...
speaker_heading: MARCUS SPINS,
text: Tyrell’s loaded Glock in his hand.
speaker_heading: BLAM!
text: Marcus nails Tyrell with a shot dead center in the forehead.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: But that didn’t mean I had to let
dialog: it destroy me.
text: Tyrell collapses in a heap on the quiet, deserted street.
text: Marcus looks at him, then gets in the Chevy and pulls away...
scene_heading: EXT. GRANDMA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: With a duffel slung over his shoulder, Marcus kisses Charlene
dialog: and Michael goodbye.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I‘1l cali you when I get there.
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
dialog: Be careful, okay?
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.O.)
dialog: The next day, I packed up and
dialog: headed to Los Angeles.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 119.
scene_heading: EXT. GUY BREWER BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Marcus sits in the back of a car service sedan, which heads
text: toward the Van Wyck Expressway.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: By some miracle, God really did
dialog: let me walk out of hell. For all
dialog: his power, though, it always
dialog: occurred to me...
text: At a stop light, he looks out the window. Junebug stands on
text: the corner, staring at him. They lock eyes.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (V.0.)
dialog: He never did figure out how to get
dialog: rid of the devil.
text: And as the car pulls off, we see Junebug through the back
text: window, still staring. As Marcus turns and looks, Junebug
text: “shoots” him with his index finger and thumb.
scene_heading: INT. KENNEDY AIRPORT ~ DAY
text: With the duffel over his shoulder, Marcus talks on his cell
text: phone as he heads toward the security checkpoint.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah, it’s me. I’m on the three
dialog: o'clock flight.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Tony Cash talks on the phone.
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: There'll be a car at the airport,
dialog: it‘ll take you to the hotel.
scene_heading: INTERCUT MARCUS AND TONY CASH
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Listen, I got my boys with me,
dialog: that’s cool, right?
speaker_heading: TONY CASH
dialog: Yeah, whatever. Just get your ass
dialog: out here.
scene_heading: Untitled 50 Cent Project 2nd Revision 09/12/04 120.
text: Marcus clicks off. We PULL BACK to REVEAL Keryl, Bama and
text: Romeo up ahead, already past security. Marcus approaches the
text: security conveyor.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Bag.
text: Just like in high school, Marcus places his bag on the
text: conveyor. We play the tension as it goes through the x-ray
text: machine. Finally, the Guard looks at him:
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Have a pleasant flight.
text: And as Marcus crosses through security and disappears with
dialog: the Crew into the airport, we...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 
