dialog: 
speaker_heading: GET ON UP
dialog: Written by
dialog: Steven Baigelman, Jez Butterworth &amp; John-Henry Butterworth
dialog: 
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Jez Butterworth &amp; John-Henry Butterworth
dialog: 1 1
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. AUGUSTA. 1988.
text: A hot muggy Georgia morning. A pickup truck comes around a
text: corner and moves towards us. Inside, music plays on the
text: radio. We can't quite see who's driving.
scene_heading: 2 INT/EXT. PICKUP TRUCK/AUGUSTA STREETS. MOMENTS LATER 2
text: The driver heads down the road. He beats his hand on the
text: steering wheel to the rhythm of the music. The driver turns
text: up the music. As the rhythm speeds, so does the truck.
scene_heading: 3 INT. BATHROOM - SAME TIME 3
text: A WOMAN, 40, sits on toilet within a stall using the
text: bathroom. She's smoking a cigarette.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. PARKING LOT. MOMENTS LATER. 4
text: Cars parked in rows. The pickup pulls into the lot and
text: screech-stops.
dialog: 5 5
scene_heading: INT. ADJACENT OFFICE. INSURANCE SEMINAR. DAY.
text: About 30 people are attending a seminar. Behind a SEMINAR
text: PRESENTER, The truck can be seen outside a window, stereo
text: thumping.
speaker_heading: SEMINAR PRESENTER
dialog: Which brings us on to Dental
dialog: Insurance. Generally speaking, when
dialog: you receive care from a
dialog: participating PDP dentist, your out-
dialog: of-pocket expenses will typically
dialog: be lower than if your were to
dialog: accept care from a dentist outside
dialog: the group. The law deems it illegal
dialog: for dentists to charge any more
dialog: than the network approves... But
dialog: listen, in my three and a half
dialog: years of experience in this
dialog: business people mainly care about
dialog: keeping their premiums low. So,
dialog: each of you must be prepared to
dialog: sell the network to your clients
dialog: and always cater to their specific
dialog: condition.
text: Annoyed, the presenter turns momentarily to the truck.
dialog: 2
dialog: 6 6
scene_heading: INT/EXT. PICKUP TRUCK / PARKING LOT
text: A fifty-five year, out of shape black man in mirror shades
text: and a shell-suit. He's breathing heavily. Patting the
text: dashboard, as the song ends. The man sits there a moment and
dialog: exits.
text: JAMES BROWN hitches up his pants, and walks across the lot.
dialog: 7 7
scene_heading: INT. NONDESCRIPT OFFICE
text: There's no one around. He's jumpy. His movements odd.
dialog: Twitchy.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (To himself)
dialog: Where's everybody?
text: Around a corner he comes face to face with a cleaner, MAVIS,
text: who is wearing headphones as she vacuums.
text: Mavis screams and removes her headphones.
speaker_heading: MAVIS
dialog: Mr. Brown. You scared me!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Mavis. Where's everybody at? I got
dialog: a meetin' this mornin'.
speaker_heading: MAVIS
dialog: It's Sunday, Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No, it's Tuesday, Mavis.
text: James is caught flat-footed. SOMEWHERE OFF a toilet flushes.
text: He rounds the corner. No-one. Opens the bathroom door. Looks
text: inside. Sniffs. Slams it and storms off down the corridor
text: passing a sign outside his office that reads: GET ON UP.
dialog: 8 8
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ADJACENT OFFICE/ PARKING LOT. DAY.
text: As the INSURANCE SEMINAR presenter continues, the woman who
text: was on the toilet takes her seat.
speaker_heading: SEMINAR PRESENTER
dialog: Now, understand that not all people
dialog: have the same type of needs. When
dialog: it comes to an insurance plan
dialog: everyone is different.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: SEMINAR PRESENTER (CONT'D)
dialog: You can't possibly sell the same
dialog: monthly premium to just anyone who
dialog: strolls through your door. If you
dialog: learn one lesson this weekend, let
dialog: it be this: We must accommodate the
dialog: specific condition of the client.
dialog: Bottom line! Their needs are-
text: The adjoining door flies opens as James enters, pissed.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: OK Stop. Sir. Stop. Who been in
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: SEMINAR PRESENTER
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I own this building, someone has
dialog: been in there used my commode. Now
dialog: who was it?
speaker_heading: SEMINAR PRESENTER
dialog: Sorry. We're actually renting this
dialog: part of the building today, and
text: we're in the middle of a seminar.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I don't care if you're in the
text: middle of a heart attack son.
dialog: Someone been in there, I hear the
dialog: chain flush, I can smell it. Now
dialog: who it was?
speaker_heading: INSURANCE SALESMAN
dialog: It is. It's fuckin' him.
text: BACK AT THE FRONT someone sniggers.
text: James spins round. SILENCE. Someone sniggers behind him.
text: James spins back round and approaches the salesman.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Something funny?
speaker_heading: INSURANCE SALESMAN
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Then why you cats laughing?
speaker_heading: INSURANCE SALESMAN
dialog: I wasn't laughing. It wasn't me.
dialog: 4
text: James stares at the man. Turns on his heel.
text: He storms out of the building and across the lot to his
dialog: pickup truck
text: THE PAYBACK starts: insanely tight, deep funk.
speaker_heading: INSURANCE SALESMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm telling you that was James
dialog: Brown.
text: Outside a window behind the seminar presenter, James can be
text: seen rifling through the back of his pickup truck.
text: The woman who used his bathroom watches James' every move.
speaker_heading: SEMINAR PRESENTER
dialog: Look, I suggest we just continue...
dialog: OK. So. How does the program work?
dialog: Initially, participating dentists
dialog: undergo an extensive credentialing
dialog: process which, if approved, allows
dialog: customers to pay the minimum
dialog: deductible allowed and the
dialog: remainder is insured. But with non-
dialog: participating dentists the cost per
dialog: visit is much higher and comes
dialog: completely out of pocket. So some
dialog: people may want a high deductible
dialog: because they have more to cover,
dialog: but most common folks simply want
dialog: the lowest possible plan... and
dialog: remember our key takeaway!?
text: Entire seminar in UNISON.
dialog: We must accommodate the specific condition of-
text: The office door flies open. James comes back in with a
speaker_heading: SHOTGUN.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: OK listen up people.
text: The room goes still and completely silent.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Being it's Sunday and all I'm gone
dialog: ask each of you to imagine you're
text: sittin' in church right now. While
dialog: today's sermon may be good they's
dialog: something else on your mind. You
dialog: realize you gotta take a shit.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Real bad. And you don't want to
dialog: shit at the church house, naw sir.
dialog: So you just sit there and think
dialog: about getting home to your own
dialog: toilet in your own master bath on
dialog: Beech Island, South Carolina. I
dialog: gotta a bidet in my master bath.
dialog: Love my bidet. And a big pretty
text: oval tub too.
text: James spins around to man.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You got a bidet, Sir?
text: He shakes his head. James looks to a woman.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Well you gotta get you one. You all
dialog: gotta get you a bidet. Are y'all
dialog: sure its really Sunday today?
text: A woman nods.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What was just saying... Oh, that's
dialog: right. Yes! You gotta take shit.
dialog: So, after church, you speed back
dialog: home and you run like hell to the
dialog: house scared you ain't gonna make
dialog: it. But you do. Now imagine
dialog: unhitching your pants as your open
dialog: your bathroom door. And then you
dialog: see me. James Brown. Sittin' on
dialog: your master toilet taking a break.
dialog: What would you do?
text: More sniggers from all over the room. James raises his gun
dialog: and KABLOOM!!!
text: James accidentally blasts an enormous hole in the ceiling.
text: SCREAMS AS EVERYONE HITS THE DECK. James looks up the the
text: hole in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Good God. Tear up the devil. I'm
dialog: gone have to get that fixed.
dialog: 6
text: James looks to the gun unsure of how it went off.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I'm a busy man, and I'm
dialog: guessin' you cats are too. But
dialog: someone has abused a personal
dialog: convenience. Now I ask you nicely.
dialog: I'm gone ask you again. Which one
dialog: of you gentlefolk hung a number two
dialog: in my commode?
text: James approaches the salesman.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Was it you, Sir? Was it you?!
speaker_heading: INSURANCE SALESMAN
dialog: Don't shoot.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I ain't gone shoot nobody, son.
text: Then, as if told by God, James spins around and locks eyes
text: with the woman who used his bathroom. He approaches her.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Ma'am, it was you wasn't it? You
dialog: took a break in my bathroom, didn't
dialog: you?
text: She shakes her head and begins to cry.
speaker_heading: FEMALE SALESWOMAN
dialog: Yes sir, Mister Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes you did. Now, don't cry. It's
dialog: gone be okay.
text: James lowers the gun to the floor. As he tries to console
dialog: the woman.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You had to use the toilet. You saw
dialog: an opportunity and you took it.
dialog: Yeah, I got mad but, Lady, you did
dialog: right by yourself. I've spent my
dialog: whole life doing right by myself.
dialog: I'm James Brown and I made a
dialog: difference.
text: JAMES LOOKS TO CAMERA AND TALKS DIRECTLY TO US:
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You cats may not own my records but
dialog: you can bet every record you have
dialog: got a piece of me in `em. Ain't
dialog: nobody singing today that ain't
dialog: been touched by James Brown.
text: James turns back to the woman.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: So, Lady, you did right by
dialog: yourself. And there ain't no other
dialog: way to live. You understand me?
text: The woman nods. James turns back to us.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You understand me?
text: Police sirens are heard in the distance. James turns to his
text: truck outside the window.
dialog: 9 9
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD. DAY.
text: SUDDENLY - a pickup truck passes at a hundred MPH. FOLLOWED A
text: MOMENT LATER by two city cop cars.
dialog: 10 10
scene_heading: INT. PICKUP TRUCK. DAY.
text: James rocks in his seat. Odd guttural sounds. In the
text: rearview. The two cop cars close upon him. Hits the gas,
dialog: hard.
dialog: 11 11
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT: EXT. ON RAMP - I-20. DAY
text: The pickup truck skids onto the interstate where two city
text: cars are now joined by two Highway Patrol cars.
speaker_heading: 11A 11A
scene_heading: EXT. STREET LEVEL
text: A police car pulls up next to him, the officer aiming a
text: weapon and flagging the car down. James sees him and
text: flinches.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Don't hurt me. Don't stop me. Don't
dialog: stop me.
text: He rams the cop car. It retreats.
dialog: 8
dialog: 12 12
scene_heading: EXT. I-20. DAY
text: Three prowlers and a highway patrol RV form a road block. A
text: high engine note pierces the air. The police take up firing
dialog: positions.
dialog: 13 13
scene_heading: INT. PICKUP TRUCK. DAY
text: James sees the roadblock ahead.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Don't stop me. Don't stop me.
text: He smashes through road block. The windscreen is blown out
text: with gunfire showering James with glass.
text: He glances in the mirror as wind whips around the truck:
text: Up ahead another police car sits in the middle of the road. A
text: policeman steps out from the car firing his pistol at the
text: pickup truck.
text: James makes a hard right down a dirt road.
dialog: 14 14
scene_heading: INT/EXT. PICKUP TRUCK. GRAVEL PITTS, DAY
text: James's front tires are blown out. James struggles to control
text: the skidding vehicle.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: C'mon. C'mon.
dialog: 15 15
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEL PITTS, DAY
text: The pickup truck rolls to a stop. Five various police cars
dialog: from different jurisdictions enter the Pitts from five
text: different entrances and take up positions blocking exit
dialog: routes.
dialog: 16 16
scene_heading: INT. PICKUP TRUCK. DAY.
text: James sits staring straight ahead. Breathing hard. A loud
text: hailer off screen: "EXIT THE VEHICLE WITH YOUR HANDS ABOVE
text: YOUR HEAD." James opens the door scattering glass onto the
dialog: ground.
text: Around the perimeter armed police tense. Safety's off.
text: Keeping James in their sights. A young officer sweats
dialog: nervously.
dialog: 9
text: James stands next to the bullet riddled wreckage of his
text: pickup, hands above his head. He leans back and sings to the
dialog: sky.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: "I Don't Feel Noways Tired".
dialog: 17 17
scene_heading: EXT. AUGUSTA COUNTRY CLUB. NIGHT. 1942 JAMES 9 YRS
text: A wide, opulent looking club has taken residence in a huge
text: antebellum home with wrap around porches.
text: A crowd of Deep Southern white folk, in cocktail attire, fill
text: both levels of the porches and spill out onto the lawn
text: surrounding a BOXING RING.
text: A GROUP OF SIX BLACK MUSICIANS FORM A DIXIELAND BAND. Without
text: inspiration they play methodically to the all white crowd.
text: A FAT, SWEATING ANNOUNCER, walks into the ring, grasps a
dialog: dangling mic.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Aaannd now folks, before the main
dialog: event, the Augusta Country club is
dialog: proud to present to y'all it's
dialog: Annual Charity ex-travagaaanza..!
dialog: (Drum-roll)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen..The Battle...
dialog: Royale!
text: Music. HALF A DOZEN BLACK BOYS enter the ring. Hyped. A glove
text: is pulled onto one hand. The other tied behind their backs.
text: They are blind-folded.
text: A WHITE MAN with a BUCKET OF WHITE PAINT daubs a number onto
text: each boy's chest.
text: DING! DING! The boys stagger out, blindly swinging. The crowd
text: roars, bangs the tables as they stumble, lurch, in the baying
dialog: din.
text: The smallest of the boys stands stiff. He struggles to throw
text: much less land a punch. The number "One" is painted on his
dialog: chest.
text: A much bigger boy, "Number Six" punches "One" in the gut.
text: "One" goes down but then slowly rises.
dialog: 10
text: The dixieland band watches the exploitation with both horror
text: and intrigue as they can't help but wonder who will be left
dialog: standing.
text: The band's sound begins to change. It becomes as energized
text: as the match before them. They sink into the rhythm, and the
dialog: effect is one of heightened energy.
text: The drummer begins to pull the beat and the bass player
text: instantly follows suit finding the new pocket. The drummer
text: and bass player share a glance.
text: This inspired pocket soars across the lawn and into the ears
dialog: of boy "Number One".
text: We are now transported into the mind of "Number One".
text: Complete silence except for the sound of the band. Then one
text: by one all other instruments fade away leaving only the drum
dialog: and bass.
text: James turns to the band and lowers his blindfold from over
text: one eye. He catches eyes with the drummer and bass player.
text: The drummer nods at James and smiles.
text: James nods back and closes his eye. The sound morphs again as
text: "Number One" begins to arrange the music in his head to his
dialog: own liking.
text: James opens his one eye and sees only the drummer and bass
text: player on the stage. They are now playing what we and James
text: are hearing in his head.
text: James covers his eye again with the blindfold and forms a
text: slight smile. His stance becomes more relaxed. His body
text: begins to swing and morph like rubber.
text: He throws a punch. IT LANDS.
text: ALL AT ONCE "Number One" dances forward, dips, swings and
text: sweetly CONNECTS to "Number Four". As the vanquished head
text: hits the canvas, the victor, "Number One", bloodied, panting
text: in the waves of laughter and summer heat, stands alone.
text: As the boys hit the deck and are deemed "out" they are pulled
text: off the mat and carried to the bed of a parked truck.
text: "Three" goes down. Then "Two" and "Five". A ringside punter
text: THUMPS the canvas with a fistful of dollars, berating him.
text: People screaming with laughter. Only "One" and "Six" remain.
text: Panicky, jerky, they stalk one another. Listening.
text: "Number One" connects with lighting speed. "Six" removes his
text: blindfold, jumps off the ring and runs across the lawn
text: disappearing into the nearby woods.
dialog: 11
text: "Number One" stands victorious. The crowd goes wild. "Number
text: One" absorbs the admiration as he slowly pushes up the
text: blindfold and looks toward the bandstand.
text: All the band members have returned to the stand as in reality
text: they always were. They clap wildly as the beat and rhythm of
text: this budding continues in his head.
text: THE EIGHT YEAR OLD JAMES BROWN LOOKS RIGHT AT US. A level
text: gaze. That million dollar smile, teeth coated with blood.
text: THE BEAT CONTINUES OVER...
dialog: 18 18
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP ON:
text: The June 1968 cover of Look Magazine: A silhouette portrait
text: of James: "IS THIS THE MOST IMPORTANT BLACK MAN IN AMERICA?"
dialog: 19 19
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE. VIETNAM. DUSK. 1968 JAMES 35YRS
text: A rickety old twin prop army plane flies low over the jungle.
text: SUDDENLY below, tracer fire BURSTS out of the canopy.
dialog: 20 20
scene_heading: INT. PLANE. VIETNAM. IN THE BELLY
text: Marva Whitney, Clyde Stubblefield, Jimmy Nolen, MACEO PARKER,
text: Waymond Reed and BOBBY BYRD sit in a line opposite a line of
text: soldiers. The soldiers hold rifles. The band hold
dialog: instruments.
dialog: PING! PING! PING!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What was that?
text: They glance at each other nervously. PING! PING! PING!
text: OUTSIDE - A rocket propelled grenade streaks up out of the
text: canopy and explodes near the plane, rocking it violently.
text: BELOW - The world explodes, as Napalm sears across a football
text: pitch size of jungle, a hundred feet below.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: They're shooting at us.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: Please, Lord! Please!
text: They look at the soldiers, who are also nervous. Marva looks
text: out the window. Nothing but fire below.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: MACEO (CONT'D)
dialog: (Shaking)
dialog: Oh. My. God.
text: Drummond taps the soldier opposite. Points out the window. A
text: soldier looks out, turns white.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Holy shit.
text: IN THE COCKPIT - The pilots wrestle to keep the craft
text: upright. Between them, a completely unruffled James Brown is
dialog: holding court.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: See Captain Jenkins, the James
dialog: Orchestra is a 22 piece, but the
dialog: Gov'ment or the Army, powers't be
dialog: say I can only bring six fellas.
dialog: Right now I got 16 pieces sittin'
dialog: in a Bangkok hotel. If I'm paying
dialog: my own money to be here, and I am,
dialog: I oughtta bring as many cats as I
dialog: want. Breaks my heart, son. `cause
dialog: I know they all wish they was here
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Mr. Brown, it's probably best if
dialog: you go back now.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We gone be fine, Captain.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: We're under attack Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Settle down, Captain. James Brown
dialog: was born dead but then I breathed.
dialog: God didn't want me then and he sure
dialog: ain't gonna call me back now.
text: The soldier from the back rushes in.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
text: The port engine's on fire.
text: The PILOT looks back.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: How far to Tan Son?
dialog: 13
text: IN THE BELLY - Everyone is frozen. Saying prayers. Moaning.
text: James appears.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Marva, fellas, Listen up. We under
dialog: attack.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: No shit, Mr. Brown.
text: James flashes five fingers at Maceo four times.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Watch that mouth, Maceo. That's
dialog: twenty dollars right there.
text: The plane suddenly lurches forty five degree and lets out an
text: awful groan. Everyone screams. Except James who is still
text: standing like rubber even though he wasn't holding onto
text: anything. Bobby sees this.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Byrd, I've decided to open
dialog: tonight's show with "I Got The
dialog: Feeling".
text: James demeanor somehow gives comfort to Bobby. James nods at
text: Bobby and smiles.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: How's that sound?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sounds good, Mr. Brown.
text: Bobby smiles at James. The plane lurches again, Bobby
dialog: screams.
scene_heading: 21 INT. HANGER - SAME TIME 21
text: A very white female news journalist talks into a camera, as
text: scores of rowdy troops rush toward a make shift stage. Next
text: to her, a group of BLACK SOLDIERS wait to be interviewed.
speaker_heading: NEWS JOURNALIST
dialog: Soul Brother Number One James
dialog: Brown, the Hardest Working Man in
text: Show business is embarking on a
dialog: tour with a difference.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: NEWS JOURNALIST (CONT'D)
dialog: In association with the USO, Mr.
text: Brown is playing a series of shows
dialog: for battle fatigued US troops
dialog: across Vietnam-
text: A BLACK INFANTRYMAN grabs the mic and looks into the camera.
scene_heading: BLACK INFANTRYMAN 1
dialog: 80 percent of 9th Division is
dialog: brothers. We been here 2 years.
dialog: What do we get as thanks?
text: Another Infantryman leans in.
scene_heading: BLACK INFANTRYMAN 2
dialog: Country music.
scene_heading: BLACK INFANTRYMAN 1
dialog: Country and fuckin' Western. But
dialog: James is ours, man. He's comin'.
dialog: Bringin' some fuckin' soul,
dialog: brother.
text: The other Infantryman grabs the mic.
scene_heading: BLACK INFANTRYMAN 2
dialog: Welcome to the shit, nigger!
text: The Infantrymen laugh and slap hands. As they walk toward
dialog: stage...
speaker_heading: NEWS JOURNALIST
dialog: (To Cameraman)
dialog: We can't use that.
dialog: 22 22
scene_heading: INT. PLANE. IN THE COCKPIT.
speaker_heading: PILOT SOLDIER
dialog: I'm losing her. We're going Oh mother of Christ!
dialog: down.
text: The wounded beast judders in low over the canopy and starts
text: sinking into it when the jungle suddenly clears.
dialog: 23 23
scene_heading: EXT. TAN SON NHUT AIRFIELD 9TH DIV INFANTRY CAMP OUTSIDE
scene_heading: NOM PEI. JUNE 1968. SAME TIME
text: The damaged plane breaks out over the field with both engines
text: smoking. Barely regaining control, the pilots make a very
text: hard landing.
dialog: 15
text: MUSIC: "There Was A Time" begins.
text: Army personnel race toward the plane. Next to the runway an
text: old hanger is teeming with soldiers.
dialog: 24 24
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD. MOMENTS LATER
text: Biblically pissed, James and Bobby walk from the flaming
text: plane alongside CORPORAL DOOLEY.
text: Behind them, in deep shock, Maceo and the rest of the band,
text: clutching instruments.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL DOOLEY
dialog: Welcome to Bear Cat, Mr. Brown.
dialog: Corporal Dooley. USO Liaison
dialog: officer. Can I first say I'm a big,
dialog: big fan of your mus-
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You in charge when Bob Hope was
dialog: over Corporal?
speaker_heading: CORPORAL DOOLEY
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I was.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: Mr. Byrd, You think Bob Hope's
dialog: plane got shot down?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No sir, Mr. Brown.
text: As they approach the hanger filled with troops, a chant
text: begins inside.
speaker_heading: TROOPS
dialog: James Brown! James Brown! James
dialog: Brown!
speaker_heading: CORPORAL DOOLEY
dialog: (Tightly)
dialog: Sorry about the plane trouble-
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Plane trouble? They tried to kill
dialog: James Brown today. You wanna go
dialog: down in history as the man who
dialog: killed the funk?
dialog: 16
text: James and crew near the rear stage entrance of the hanger.
scene_heading: CORPORAL DOOLEY.
dialog: About the show, if you could just
dialog: keep it to 25, 30 min-
speaker_heading: JAMES.
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Oh no.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Corporal, let me tell you the first
dialog: thing about James Brown. The first
dialog: thing is James Brown don't tell no
dialog: man his business. He won't tell you
dialog: how to take Pnom Ridge or how you
dialog: screwed up the Tet offensive. I
dialog: don't tell you how to fight your
dialog: war Corporal. So don't tell me
dialog: when, where or for how long I can
dialog: be funky.
scene_heading: 25 INT. HANGAR. CONTINUOUS. 25
text: HUNDREDS OF HOT, STEAMING TROOPS ROAR, like a thousand space
text: rockets taking off at once. It's awesome, shaking the stage.
speaker_heading: TROOPS
dialog: James Brown! James Brown! James
dialog: Brown!
text: James and Bobby enter the hanger. We walk with them and strut
text: up six steps and onto the stage.
text: Bobby stands back and watches as James grabs the mic and
text: looks out over the sea of faces.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Sorry we're late. Are you cats
dialog: ready?
text: The troops roar even louder.
text: James turns straight to camera, flashes his smile and talks
dialog: directly to us.
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Are you cats ready?
dialog: 26 26
scene_heading: EXT. A PINE WOOD. 1941. DAY. JAMES 8 YRS
text: A cold fog hangs in the fading sunlit trees.
text: Eight year old James stands alone in a forest clearing. He
text: looks all around him.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Momma?
text: He scans the trees. He's alone.
text: SUDDENLY in the trees he glimpses someone. A woman. 30. Red
text: dress. She giggles as she scampers from behind one tree to
text: another. She peeps round. He beams.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Momma!
text: He chases her. She's laughing.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: You can't catch me!
text: Each time he loses her she peers from behind a tree he
text: squeals in delight but she disappears. He is suddenly alone.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (Scared)
dialog: Momma?
text: She jumps out from behind a tree and scoops him up.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I gotcha!
text: He squeals and laughs in her arms.
dialog: 27 27
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED PATH. DAY. 1941
text: Susie and James walk hand in hand.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Momma, I'm hungry.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: You ain't hungry baby. That feeling
dialog: in yo tummy?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: That feelin' is the spirit inside
dialog: you. He's in there tickling your
dialog: belly right now cause he knows you
dialog: such a good boy. You ain't hungry.
dialog: He's just trying to make you laugh.
text: Susie begins tickling James. James starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you a good boy?
text: He tries to speak but can't from laughing.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't hear you.
text: Susie continues to tickle James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (through laughter)
dialog: I'm a good boy!
scene_heading: 28 EXT. SHACK. BROWN FAMILY HOME. DEEP WOODS. SOUTH CAROLINA. 28
text: Cold. James sits on the porch with a stick. He continually
text: beats the stick on the porch post forming a beat.
text: He suddenly stops as a man in a thick worn work coat and
text: heavy boots, is approaching singing the blues to himself.
text: The man puts his pack down, ruffles the kid's hair, says
text: nothing and walks inside.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Where you been? I been sittin' here
dialog: for nine days with your child. You
dialog: nine days late Joe. Where you been?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Working turpentine, baby. Chippin'
dialog: trees.
text: James peers around the opened door and watches.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Where you been? Gamblin? You spent
dialog: the money again?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: No.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: DON'T LIE TO ME JOE! Give me some
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN
dialog: I ain't lyin'!
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Give me some money!
text: Susie tries to put her hands in Joe's pocket. He shoves her
text: hand to his side.
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm here all alone here for four
dialog: weeks. And we got nothing. Nothing!
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Susie. Shut your sweet mouth get
dialog: those panties off baby.
text: Joe grabs Susie and carries her into the cabin.
scene_heading: 28A INT. CABIN. CONTINUOUS. 28A
text: Joe and Susie kiss and begin tearing at each others clothes.
text: Joe's been gone A LONG TIME.
text: As they lower to the bed, we see James watching through the
text: opened door.
text: James soon turns his head and walks off into the woods.
speaker_heading: 28A 28A
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST. BARNWELL. DAY. LATER THAT DAY
text: James walks down a worn path deep in the woods singing a song
text: to himself. He suddenly stops.
text: There, about ten feet up in the air, hanging in a tree is a
text: black man. Aged about eighteen.
text: The child stares up at the lynched man who is dressed in nice
text: clothes. Then to his feet within beautiful leather shoes.
text: Silence. He looks at him carefully.
text: James reaches his small hand up to touch the suspended foot
text: of the man. Pulls on his laces. His shoe comes off.
dialog: 20
text: James drops the shoe and removes the other.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 29 OMITTED 29
dialog: 30 30
scene_heading: INT. DARK CORRIDOR. DAY. TAMI SHOW 1964
text: BEN BART, 50's, running along the corridor backstage. He
text: reaches the door with JAMES BROWN written on it. Outside sits
text: an enormous, middle aged black woman, knitting.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: I need to speak to James.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: He resting, Pop.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: Gertrude, it's important.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
text: He resting. Nobody allowed in.
text: Ben offers Gertrude some money. It's a twenty. She takes it.
text: Gertrude kisses Bart on the cheek. She opens the door.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Brown will see you now, Mr.
dialog: Bart.
text: We go inside with Ben. Sitting slumped, back to us, on a
text: burnished throne in front of a lit mirror, James Brown.
text: HENRY STALLINGS attends to the towering bouffant on James'
text: head. Bobby Byrd sits in a chair next to James going over a
dialog: play list.
text: James stares at Ben in the mirror.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Gertrude!
text: Gertrude walks in.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Brown.
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I said I didn't want to be
dialog: disturbed.
dialog: (holds out his hand)
dialog: That'll be twenty dollars.
text: Gertrude walks over and hands James the same twenty spot Ben
text: gave her. Ben winks at Gertrude as she exits.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: James, I just spoke to the
dialog: producers. They've requested the
text: Rolling Stones close the show.
text: James looks confused.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: Rolling Stones, James. You'll go on
dialog: right before them. It'll be you,
text: then the Rolling Stones top of the
dialog: bill.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The Rolling Stones, huh?
dialog: James to Bobby.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Then why we here, Bobby?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We here to play, James.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: You're here because they want you
dialog: here, James. You're James Brown! I
dialog: want you here. Because this isn't
dialog: the chitlin' circuit man. We're
dialog: done with that shit. This is an
text: audience full of white faces and
dialog: you're gonna make them love you.
dialog: You're just not closing the show.
text: His eyes focus.
speaker_heading: BEN BART (CONT'D)
dialog: James. Now don't start. Let it go.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: This don't matter, James.
dialog: 22
text: THE DOOR FLIES OPEN. JAMES BROWN STRUTS DOWN THE CORRIDOR AS
text: BEN BART FOLLOWS.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The Rolling Stones ain't even had a
dialog: hit record here.
text: They pass several dressing rooms along the way.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: They ain't even ever played in
dialog: America. Have they?
text: James passes a dressing room where a group is rehearsing.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: They're just kids. In a year from
dialog: now we won't even know who they
dialog: are. It's business, James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And it's my business to hear what
dialog: they got to say about this.
text: He passes another dressing room with a group of guys
dialog: harmonizing.
text: James stops, glances at the VERY WHITE CALIFORNIA GROUP and
dialog: then to Ben.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: James, don't...
text: James is off again. He rounds the corner walks straight up to
text: the Stones dressing room. On the door it says THE ROLLING
speaker_heading: STONES.
text: A guy on the door stands but knows he can't stop James Brown
text: who walks straight in. Ben stops at the door and watches.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Fellas, how ya doin'. Mr. Jagger.
dialog: Mr. Richard. Hear you boys are
dialog: closing the show. Did you know
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: MICK JAGGER
dialog: Uh..That's what they're saying.
dialog: Yeah. They just told us.
text: Mick looks over to Keith and the rest of the Rolling Stones.
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Uh-hmm. Well, I was told I'm
dialog: closing the show. That's why I flew
dialog: out here.
text: Mick leads James to a couch. They sit.
speaker_heading: MICK JAGGER
dialog: Listen man. We're filming a movie
dialog: here today. This isn't live.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I know that.
speaker_heading: MICK JAGGER
dialog: What I mean is, the order in which
dialog: we play makes no difference.
dialog: They're going to edit and arrange
dialog: the show any way they want later.
text: James raises and shakes Mick's hands. James shakes a couple
text: of the other guys hands.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Y'all have a great show, fellas.
text: We march out with James. He turns to Ben.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'll be on stage in five. They
dialog: better be ready. And the white
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: Yes Sir, Mr. Brown.
text: JAMES struts to the side of the stage. On a television
text: backstage we see a live feed of:
scene_heading: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE: THE SUPREMES FINISHING THEIR PERFORMANCE.
text: James waits in the wings. On the other side of the stage, the
text: Rolling Stones watch. James flashes his trademark smile. They
text: all wave back.
dialog: Archival Footage:
text: JAN AND DEAN approach the microphone and introduce the
dialog: flames.
text: ZAP -a white follow spot burns into James as he stands head
text: bowed. Check jacket, waistcoat, black pipes and mirror boots.
dialog: 24
text: He throws his head back, steps forward and the groove starts.
text: The screams rise to a deafening pitch-
text: He's already on the move, in a snake hipped side slide, mash
text: potatoes, up on one leg, level with the mike, spin and BAM!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You got your high-heel sneakers on-
text: The teens in the audience lose it. Bobby Byrd and the Flames
text: in immaculate tuxedos snap and step in time.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You know you out of sight-
text: IN THE WINGS - The Stones and Ben Bart watch a television
text: being fed the show in real time.
text: A big smile crosses Ben's face.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TELEVISION/INSERT ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE
text: INTERCUT FILMED STAGE AND ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE OF JAMES AND THE
text: FLAMES ON TELEVISION.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Say I...I...I...I love you so!
text: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE: Teenagers shake their heads completely in
text: the thrall of the minutely controlled and manipulated
dialog: frustration and reward.
text: BACK STAGE - James stalks off past the Stones and Ben.
text: Keith Richards is slack jawed. Ben swallows a laugh. James
text: continues on. We go with him.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome to America.
text: James looks right at us. Sweating. Focused. Wide awake.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TELEVISION/INSERT ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE
text: The Rolling Stones begin their first song. TIME IS ON MY SIDE
text: The crowd goes wild. A sea of white faces screaming for Mick.
text: James is watching the monitor. His face registers a
text: realization. James stays on the Stone's as he talks to us.
dialog: 25
text: CLOSE ON JAMES MOUTH IN PROFILE SURROUNDED BY BLACK AND WHITE
speaker_heading: SCREEN
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: The British Invasion make a man
dialog: strong. Make him stand up. You
dialog: ain't never been down how ya gonna
dialog: get on up?
text: James turns to us with an even deeper intensity.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't never quit cause it get
dialog: hard. You quit, you going
dialog: backwards. You going backwards,
dialog: you dead. So, I take it. But I take
dialog: it and flip it. I go forward. And I
dialog: live.
dialog: 31 31
scene_heading: INT. SHACK. WOODS. DAY. 1941. JAMES 8 YRS
text: Fall day. Under the eves, James climbs round the side of the
text: house. He reaches the corner to see HIS MOTHER STANDING ON
text: THE PORCH of the cabin, a suitcase packed. Her eye is
dialog: swollen.
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN
dialog: You leavin' you take your child,
dialog: girl. You his momma. I don't need
dialog: no hungry child.
text: Confused, James approaches. Looks up at his mother.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: You keep him. You can feed him. I
dialog: can't.
text: (She holds him, kisses him)
dialog: Bye, baby. You be good.
text: She leaves. Joe calls after her.
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN
dialog: That's right. Why don't you go try
dialog: to sell your ass on Twigg Street.
dialog: That's right. Buy yourself a dress.
dialog: Maybe I pay you a visit.
text: Alone with his son, Joe stares at him. The boy stares back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 26
dialog: 32 32
scene_heading: INT/EXT. SHACK. DAY. 1941
text: A MORNING IN THE CABIN. James watches his father silently
text: pack a few meager belongings into a sack.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Be back in a week or so. Mind you
dialog: don't makes no mess.
text: James runs over to the glassless window to watch his father
text: lead a mule, barrels on its back, away into the woods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 33 33
scene_heading: INT. SHACK. NIGHT. 1941
text: Wind howls and blows the door open. Shivering, Young James
text: pulls a chair across the door of the shack and makes a nest
text: of blankets under the bed. He crawls in.
scene_heading: 34 TIME LAPSE PHOTOGRAPHY OF NIGHT 34
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35 EXT. SHACK. DAY. 1941 35
text: Morning. James tries to fetch water from a stream. He pulls a
text: bucket via a rope. The bucket tips over and spills the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 36 36
scene_heading: EXT. PRODUCE STAND. 1941
text: James approaches a woman who's selling produce. Annoyed, she
text: picks up a over-ripened tomato and throws it to James' feet.
text: James picks up the tomato and walks away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 37 37
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS. DILAPIDATED CABIN. MOMENTS LATER
text: James approaches a dilapidated cabin that has been flattened
text: by a fallen tree. He raises his stick and begins tapping it
text: on the cabins rusted tin roof.
dialog: 27
text: Slowly he begins to work out a simple, familiar tune. He
text: begins to stomp his feet, move his hips.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 38 TIME LAPSE PHOTOGRAPHY HERE - LEAVES BEGIN TO CHANGE 38
dialog: 39 39
scene_heading: INT. SHACK. DAY - 10 WEEKS LATER. 1941
text: Joe's back. Fully bearded. He unpacks his sack onto the bed.
text: In the doorway appears the boy. Half naked. Covered in mud.
text: Its clearly been weeks rather than days he's been alone.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (Chuckling)
dialog: Look at you boy. You go clean
dialog: yourself up `fore you come in here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Int. SHACK. KITCHEN TABLE. DAY.
dialog: 1941
text: James sits opposite his father at the table. Joe eats and
text: hums and sings a blues tune, No More My Lord.
text: James beats his stick on the leg of the table perhaps to join
text: in and impress his dad.
text: Joe acknowledges the beat that James is creating. For a
text: brief moment, father and son are making music together.
text: Joe quits singing but James continues beating the stick on
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN
dialog: Quit that. Driving me crazy.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JAMES
dialog: Keep singin'.
text: (James taps the stick quieter.
dialog: (Staring at his father.)
dialog: "No more my Lord"
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN
dialog: I said stop!
text: Joe gets up. Takes the stick and snaps it in two. James
text: stares hard at his father's face.
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN(CONT'D)
dialog: You gawkin' at me?
dialog: 28
text: James stays on Joe. Joe quickly rises and yanks James out of
dialog: his chair.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 41 41
scene_heading: INT./EXT. SHACK. DAY. 1941
text: From outside the shack, we hear the sounds of abuse.
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN (O.C.)
dialog: Stop crying. I said stop crying.
text: Suddenly the shack door opens, and James runs out.
text: He sprints full pelt through the woods. He comes to a
text: clearing. He slows, approaches us and suddenly stops,
text: breathing heavily, he stops and looks straight at us.
dialog: Levelly.
scene_heading: BLACKOUT. A THUMPING RHYTHM BEGINS.
text: Beneath his tears a smile emerges...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 42 INT. HOLLWOOD SOUND STAGE - DAY - 1964 JAMES 31YRS 42
text: CLOSE ON: An argyle sweater. The intro to I GOT YOU (I FEEL
text: GOOD) ramps up.
text: We widen to see James Brown singing.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I feel good! And I knew that I
dialog: would now...
text: Even wider to reveal BOBBY BYRD and the rest of the flames
text: dancing in sound stage dressed to resemble a Ski Lodge.
text: FRANKIE AVALON and THIRTY VERY WHITE EXTRAS dance around
text: James and the flames. Everyone is in argyle and bright
dialog: colors.
text: To the side, FILM CREW MEMBERS AND A DIRECTOR do their best
text: to keep up with the rhythm. James is killing it. His
text: legendary moves in full force.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I feel nice. Like sugar and spice.
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION PHOTOGRAPHY
dialog: 29
text: Music stops. (Tom Newman theme here) James watches the cast,
text: crew and Flames doing their thing for camera.
text: James turns to us and speaks.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Take it and flip it.
scene_heading: END SLOW MOTION. END TOM NEWMAN THEME.
text: James removes his sweater and begins dancing and singing
text: again but now to a faster version of "I GOT YOU". He smiles
text: at us, looks into our eyes. We push in tight.
text: We pull back to reveal James now singing this song in the
text: future at The Olympia show. He's sporting a "natural".
text: Beautiful girls dancing behind him.
dialog: Flash- We are back to "Ski Party". Now the boring extras are
text: up on their feet. They dance with precision the way Mr. Brown
dialog: would prefer. Just for us, James has transformed the "Ski
dialog: Party" into something way cooler.
text: James' feet slide and move him back toward the door of the
dialog: ski lodge set.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I feel good and I knew that I would
dialog: now. So good. So good. Cause I
dialog: got you.
text: James moves outside the door and does a split in the pile of
dialog: fake snow.
text: We are now back to reality. James is again wearing the
text: sweater. The extras are now seated and clapping in a corny
dialog: fashion.
text: The stage bell rings. Over a loudspeaker-
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: That was great James.
text: Frankie Avalon runs up to James. James remains in his split.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Wow, James. You've got some groovy
dialog: moves my friend.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Avalon. And please
dialog: call me, Mr. Brown
dialog: 30
text: As Frankie nods and walks away, James catches eyes with BOBBY
text: BYRD, 30. Bobby stares quizzically at James as he remains on
text: the floor in his split.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Get up, James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: How many times have I done this
dialog: split Bobby?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: A thousand, maybe five thousand.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Exactly, and now the first and only
dialog: time I rip my pants has to be in
dialog: front of all those white people.
text: Bobby cracks up.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: In white boy sweater.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: My trumpet, bass, and drums are
dialog: spread out all over this cold
dialog: floor.
text: James begins to laugh.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Go get my towel!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You got it boss.
speaker_heading: 43 OMITTED 43
speaker_heading: 44 44
scene_heading: INT. CAR. 1949 DAY. JAMES 16 YRS
text: A man's three piece suit hangs in the rear of a sedan.
text: SMASH. An elbow shatters the back door glass. A hand comes
text: inside and pulls the suit out of the car.
scene_heading: 44AA EXT. RURAL ROAD. MOMENTS LATER. 44AA
text: A picturesque country road flanked by high, earthen
text: embankments lined with trees.
dialog: 31
text: James sudden bolts out of the trees with the stolen suit and
text: runs down the embankment.
text: Just then a police car speeds down the road towards him.
text: James drops the suit and runs to the opposite embankment.
text: As James tries to climb the embankment, the police car stops,
text: two officers get out.
text: James can't get a footing on the steep embankment. We now
text: see that James is wearing the lynched man's shoes.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SHOES:
text: Digging deeper and deeper in the soil embankment. BLAM! A
text: gun fires.
text: James stops climbing and turns to see two guns pointed at
text: him. He slides back down the embankment and raises his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: FLASH! James gets his mug shot. Front and side.
speaker_heading: JAMES (O.S.)
dialog: I'm seventeen...
speaker_heading: 45 45
scene_heading: EXT. RICHMOND COUNTY JAIL - THAT NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON: James speaking through bars.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Know what that means, Big Junior?
dialog: Means they can try me in Superior
dialog: Court. Means they can send my
dialog: juvenile ass down for a man's term.
dialog: 3 maybe 4 years.
text: Reveal a young man, BIG JUNIOR, 25, standing on the lawn by
text: the jail house holding a lantern. He looking up to James on
text: the second floor speaking out of the window.
speaker_heading: BIG
dialog: For robbing a suit?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You reach my daddy?
speaker_heading: BIG
dialog: He's in the Army, James.
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I know he's in the Army. So you
dialog: gotta go find him.
text: Big Junior looks to the ground and nods.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What'd Aunt Honey say?
speaker_heading: BIG
dialog: Aunt Honey say she can't help you
dialog: right now. Not this week.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Go find my daddy, Big. Please!
dialog: Okay?
text: Big Junior sighs, really uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: BIG
dialog: Aunt Honey already talked to him,
dialog: James. Your daddy say it's a bad
dialog: time too.
text: James fills with panic.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So, he knows I'm here?
text: Big looks all around, everywhere except at James.
speaker_heading: BIG
dialog: He say ain't nothing he can do. Got
dialog: money problems. Sorry.
text: He shrugs and walks away.
dialog: 46 46
scene_heading: INT. CELL. NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: James turns from the window. He goes to the sink of his tiny
text: cell, heaving for breath. He looks at himself in the tiny
text: cracked mirror.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Don't cry Junior. Don't cry now.
text: James begins expertly tapping his sliding his feet on the
text: floor. A more developed version of the tune he arranged in
text: his head during the boxing match is heard. James stares at us
text: in the mirror. He smiles.
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: WARDEN (O.S.)
dialog: And you were thinking of this as a
dialog: profession...
dialog: 47 47
scene_heading: INT. PAROLE REVIEW BOARD, ALTO REFORM SCHOOL. 1952. DAY
text: James, 19 years old, sits on a bare wooden chair. James'
text: aunt, HONEY, 40, is in attendance. Next to her sit two young
dialog: black women dressed very sexy.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: So you want to be a singer?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh no Sir. Truth is I ain't really
dialog: into all that so much. Not no more.
text: Five white adults sit behind a long table, studying him.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: But the other boys, they call you
dialog: Music-box.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's just a old nickname is all.
dialog: I'm looking for something stable.
dialog: Steady. I want to be a Mechanic.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: So first a singer and now a
dialog: Mechanic?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes Sir. There's a fella I know
text: back in Augusta, he owns a garage,
dialog: he said he could find me a job if-
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: You can't go back to Augusta.
dialog: In the event of parole, the Court
dialog: in Augusta ruled you not be allowed
dialog: to set foot in Richmond County til
dialog: the full term of your sentence.
text: James is silent. Aunt Honey locks eyes with the Warden and
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: WARDEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know anyone outside Augusta
dialog: who could act as your parole
dialog: sponsor? Any family? Associates? Is
dialog: there anywhere else you could go?
dialog: 34
text: Aunt Honey and the girls raise their skirts up there legs
text: ever so slightly with subtle sexual gestures.
text: The Warden gives Aunt Honey and the girls a disapproving
dialog: stare.
text: STAMP! A red stamp hammers down - REFUSED.
speaker_heading: 48 48
scene_heading: INT. HALL. ALTO. DAY. JAMES 19 YRS
text: A BAND, The Starlighters "entertains" the inmates. A tall
text: black kid in a white tux, flanked by four other boys.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: We the Gospel Starlighters, from
dialog: right here in Toccoa. Three Four..
text: The vocal group rip into a juiced up "Mary Don't You Weep".
text: And its good. James watches intently. The music plays over...
text: James begins to sing along and dance. Two rows back, a huge,
text: badass looking kid is staring. James turns and stares
text: straight back.
text: The big kid walks up to James.
speaker_heading: BIG KID
dialog: You eyeballin' me, Music-Box?
text: The big kid punches James in the gut. James struggles to his
text: feet and punches the BIG KID and fights back fearlessly.
text: All hell breaks loose. Two rough factions break out and the
text: melee spreads. James picks up a chair and throws it at the
text: big kid. He ducks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 49 49
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY, ALTO. LATER THAT DAY
text: Bobby sits in a chair outside the infirmary. He holds a cold
text: press to his nose.
text: James, bruised and torn but apparently victorious is led by a
text: warden into the infirmary to cheers from his friends. He's
text: seated next to Bobby and cuffed to the chair.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Someone threw something.
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Gee, that's too bad.
text: They sit there. James shrugs.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Walk in the jungle sometimes you
text: get bit by a snake.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (Deadpan)
dialog: I'll try an' remember that.
text: They sit there.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Say. What's that song you done?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We only done half of it. "Mary
dialog: Don't You Weep" is an old gospel,
dialog: man. You ain't heard that before?
dialog: Everybody be doin' it.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: I ain't heard nothing since my
dialog: radio got busted. That's a cool
dialog: song bro'. You sung it great. That
dialog: sounded real sweet.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: Crowd sure went crazy.
dialog: (James smiles. Then:)
dialog: You like music?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Only thing keeps me sane in here.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: How long you in for?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Five to thirteen years.
text: Bobby moves his chair an inch or two away.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: Robbed a suit.
text: A nurse leads Bobby inside the exam room.
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They give you five to thirteen
dialog: for...
dialog: (Shakes his head)
dialog: That's time man.
text: James turns to the doorway and continues talking to Bobby as
text: the nurse tends to his nose.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You get parole?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Board say I need a permanent family
dialog: address and a job. But see I don't
dialog: know no folks here.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Where yo' folks at?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: My Daddy's in the army. And my
dialog: momma... well, she left.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sorry to hear that.
text: They sit there.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Seriously. You think I sung it
dialog: good?
text: James looks at Bobby. He moves his seat a bit closer to the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You got that swing feel. Hittin' it
dialog: late. Buh, dum, Bop. That's what a
dialog: song need.
text: James rises up, pulling the chair with him.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: See without that feel, song just
dialog: sit there. Don't move. You gotta
dialog: fill it with something. You know
dialog: what I'm sayin'?
dialog: 37
text: Suddenly James breathes in deep, and sings "Mary Don't You
text: Weep". It's sweet, hard, deep, raw all at the same time.
text: James holds the chair and begins to dance.
text: The nurse shuts the door. Bobby and James stay on each other
text: through glass.
text: James' talent hits Bobby like a ten pound hammer between the
text: eyes. A warden forces James to his chair. We hear one
dialog: unforgettable line of the song before we...
speaker_heading: 50 50
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING. TOCCOA STREET. THE BYRD HOUSE. 1952. DAY.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (O.S.)
dialog: He can do Roy Brown and The
dialog: Dominoes and Louis Jordan and
dialog: and...
dialog: 51 51
scene_heading: INT. BYRD HOUSE. KITCHEN. DAY
text: Bobby, panting, petitions his impassively busy mother.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: -you should hear'm holler momma!
dialog: You ain't heard nothing LIKE IT. He
dialog: sings every day in chapel. He's a
dialog: very, very religious boy Momma.
dialog: He could sing in St. Stephens!
speaker_heading: MRS. BYRD
dialog: Bobby. We got us enough mouths to
dialog: feed an' enough butts to clothe.
dialog: (Yelling out the door)
dialog: Daryl! Sarah! Get down here!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: He sings every day in chapel. He's
dialog: a very, very religious boy Momma.
dialog: He could sing in St. Stephens!
dialog: Since Old Henry passed you been shy
text: a baritone...he a showstopper.
dialog: Momma? This is it. It's like a
dialog: miracle. This is what Jesus wants!
text: He knows he's over-done it.
speaker_heading: MRS. BYRD
dialog: Jesus speak to Bobby Byrd now. He
dialog: tell you that himself?
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Momma, he could be in there another
dialog: ten year just `cause he got no
dialog: folks. He got no-one.
speaker_heading: MRS. BYRD
dialog: Bobby. The answer is NO. Now, go on
dialog: outta here and get cleaned up.
text: Crestfallen, he plays his final card.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What's that thing you always told
dialog: me, since I was real small. About
dialog: Mercy. What's that saying momma?
dialog: That thing you always say?
text: She glares at her son.
dialog: 52 52
scene_heading: INT. BYRD HOUSE. DAY JAMES 19 YRS
dialog: Dinner at the Byrds. Mom, Pop, and Grandpa, sister SARAH, ten
text: year old brother DARYL, BOBBY.... and James. He's clearly
dialog: uncomfortable.
text: James' eyes dart around the well-appointed dining room with
text: its beautiful wallpaper and curtains hanging from a window.
text: James traces the lines of the curtain noticing its lace and
dialog: perfect pleats.
speaker_heading: MRS. BYRD
dialog: Like I always say.
dialog: (Sighs)
dialog: "Its a sin to stand in Mercy's
dialog: way".
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you, Mrs Byrd.
text: Grandpa stares hard and James for a moment. Then...
speaker_heading: GRANDPA BYRD
dialog: So what you in the pokey for?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Grandpa-
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: You know how would have felt you
dialog: bringing this boy over here?
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Big momma married you and you were
text: in the pokey before.
text: Bobby gets a look from his mom.
speaker_heading: MRS. BYRD
dialog: Bobby Byrd!
speaker_heading: GRANDPA BYRD
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: If I'm going to be forced to have a
dialog: jailbird in my house I at least
dialog: like to know what I'm dealing with.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Grandpa-
text: James looks to Bobby.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No. He got a right to ask. I am a
dialog: jailbird. I've done wrong and I
dialog: gotta own up to that.
text: James turns to Bobby's grandfather.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I stole a man's three piece suit.
dialog: You want to know me? I tell ya.
dialog: My daddy is in the army. My momma
dialog: left when I was five. I'm skinny
dialog: but I'm strong. I can read a little
dialog: bit and I like to sing. That's
dialog: who's sittin' here.
text: James becomes emotional and sincere.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: And I think God knew that when I
dialog: took that suit that I might end up
dialog: with you. I ain't never sat at a
dialog: table with such a fine group of
dialog: people in my life.
text: Sarah looks admiringly at James.
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I used to wish I could put that
dialog: suit back, but now I'm here with
dialog: y'all. Fried chicken. Green beans.
dialog: Corn bread. Those nice curtains.
text: Grandpa Byrd turns to the curtains.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: A house smells good. I'm happy I
dialog: stole that suit. And I thank you
dialog: for having me here.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Boy, pass them beans before you get
dialog: your bullshit all over them.
speaker_heading: MRS. BYRD
dialog: (Changing subject)
dialog: James is going to sing with us in
dialog: church this Sunday Sarah.
speaker_heading: SARAH BYRD
dialog: Really. Well maybe we could work up
text: a little harmony together.
text: Sarah turns to James and gives a tiny wink. James stops
dialog: chewing.
scene_heading: 52A INT. BYRD HOUSE. NEXT MORNING. 52A
text: Bobby Byrd sleeps in his bed. James sleeps in a cot that has
text: been brought into Bobby's room.
text: Grandpa Byrd enters the room holding a suit. He approaches
text: the sleeping James.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA BYRD
dialog: Jailbird!
text: Startled, James and Bobby rise up from their pillows.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA BYRD (CONT'D)
dialog: (to James)
dialog: This out to fit ya.
text: Grandpa Byrd throws the suit on top of James and exits.
text: James smiles at his new suit.
dialog: 41
dialog: 53 53
scene_heading: INT. BYRD HOUSE. NEXT MORNING.
text: Bobby comes in with NAFLOYD and BABY ROY who are all dressed
dialog: for church
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: There's coffee in the kitchen,
dialog: Nafloyd. Make yourselves at home.
dialog: (Calls)
dialog: James!
text: Bobby vaults upstairs.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: James. Come meet the band.
text: Opens a door. INSIDE James has Sarah pressed up against the
text: wall. They are having vigorous sex. James' pants are around
text: his ankles. Sarah's church dress is pushed up her body.
text: Sarah has her hand over James' mouth trying to keep him
dialog: quiet.
text: Bobby throws it into reverse, shutting the door. Did he just
text: see that? A full gamut of emotions cross his face.
text: Mrs. Byrd starts up the stairs.
speaker_heading: MRS. BYRD
dialog: Sarah! I ain't tellin' you again.
dialog: Get down here.
text: Bobby panics. He crosses and meets his mother at the top of
dialog: the stairs.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: She's coming, Momma. She's coming.
speaker_heading: MRS. BYRD
dialog: Sarah!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Go fix Nafloyd and the boys some
dialog: coffee. We got guests, Momma.
text: Mrs Byrd nods and heads down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MRS. BYRD
dialog: Nafloyd?! Where you boys at?
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: 54 54
scene_heading: INT. ST. STEPHENS CHURCH. DAY.
text: A congregation watches as BOBBY, NAFLOYD, BABY ROY, SARAH AND
text: JAMES sing righteous gospel. "Steal Away To Jesus".
text: Above their heads a HOME-MADE SHEET-BANNER: "The Gospel
dialog: Starlighters"
text: Bobby looks to Sarah and James with a searing gaze. Sarah
dialog: innocent, James really giving it up.
text: James steps out front. His voice soars sweetly over the
text: congregation. Bobby's gaze softens.
text: MRS. BYRD and GRANDPA watch on. Mrs. Byrd leans forward and
text: catches Bobby's eye. Gives a small nod of approval. Bobby's
dialog: smile is...more equivocal.
dialog: 56 56
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: INT. SHACK. BARNWELL. DAY. 1942 JAMES 9 YRS
text: James is asleep in his bed. Alone. It's been a year after his
dialog: momma left.
text: Suddenly, Joe approaches and throws a burlap sack at James.
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN
dialog: Pack up. We leaving.
text: James wakes and sits up in bed. Joe is clean shaven and
text: wears his nicest shirt and neck tie.
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hurry up.
text: James waits a beat to make sure his father is gone.
text: James gets out of bed and crawls deep underneath. He backs
text: out holding the dead man's pair of shoes and places them in
text: the burlap sack.
scene_heading: 57 EXT. AUNT HONEY'S HOUSE. LATER THAT DAY. 57
text: Joe and James walk down Twigg street. Joe pulls his donkey
dialog: along with them.
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN
dialog: You miss your momma, boy?
text: James nods.
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN (CONT'D)
dialog: We gone fix that.
dialog: 43
text: James flashes a hopeful smile.
speaker_heading: 58 58
scene_heading: EXT. TWIGG STREET, THE TERRY. DAY. 1942 JAMES 9 YRS
text: Red dirt street. Shacks. Joe and James walk around to the
text: back of "AUNT HONEY'S" house. The donkey has been tied to
dialog: Aunt Honey's fence.
speaker_heading: BACKYARD
text: We find Aunt Honey sitting a chair. She holds a small dog in
dialog: her arms.
text: SEVEN PROSTITUTES wash clothes in tubs and hang them on a
dialog: line to dry.
text: Aunt Honey clearly runs the house. She rises from her chair.
dialog: Clearly she takes no shit.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: ..S'much appreciated Honey. Sure is
dialog: mighty kind..
speaker_heading: AUNT HONEY
dialog: What the hell am I supposed to do
dialog: with that donkey, Joe?
speaker_heading: JOE BROWN
dialog: Thought you could sell it.
speaker_heading: AUNT HONEY
dialog: I don't sell donkey, Joe. And
dialog: Jumpin' in the Army ain't gone make
dialog: this boy go away.
text: Joe looks away from Honey.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (to James)
dialog: Look after yourself Junior.
text: Aunt Honey and James watch Joe cross the street and
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: AUNT HONEY
dialog: Everybody gotta be somewhere.
dialog: What's your name, sugar?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Junior.
speaker_heading: AUNT HONEY
dialog: Guess you Little Junior now.
dialog: 44
text: Honey turns to a small two story building in the rear of the
dialog: yard.
speaker_heading: AUNT HONEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Big Junior!
text: A huge 15 year old boy comes out of the building and begins
text: walking down the stairs. This is the younger version of Big
dialog: Junior who we met outside the jail.
speaker_heading: AUNT HONEY (TO JAMES) (CONT'D)
dialog: You show me you can bring it in you
dialog: an me ain't got no problem.
dialog: (as Junior approaches)
dialog: Junior'll show y'how to do.
dialog: 59 59
scene_heading: EXT. THE TERRY. STREET. DAY.
text: Big Junior leads James away from Aunt Honey's. Big Junior
text: turns to James.
speaker_heading: BIG JUNIOR
dialog: I do this...
dialog: (BJ touches his hat)
dialog: You say `Pretty girls', unnerstand?
dialog: So when they come, you be ready,
dialog: alright? I'll say-
dialog: Yessir, yessir, come on down the
dialog: street-we got sweet whiskey, we got
dialog: music-
dialog: (touches his hat)
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Pretty girls.
speaker_heading: BIG JUNIOR
dialog: We got cards, we got dice, dancing-
dialog: (touches his hat again)
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Pretty girls.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 60 60
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP. THE TERRY. AUGUSTA. DAY. JAMES 9 YRS
text: Soldiers disembark from a troop Bus. Big Junior and James
text: stand on the platform playing and dancing in bare feet. The
text: soldiers ignore James.
dialog: 45
text: We again begin to hear "James' Theme" in James' head. He
text: dances faster, sharper. The soldiers stop and take notice of
dialog: his ever sharping skill.
dialog: 61 61
scene_heading: INT. AUNT HONEY'S PARLOR. LATER THAT NIGHT.
text: The Brothel is in full swing. Girls. Soldiers. Drunks.
text: Hustlers. Music. Ten soldiers scramble over only five
dialog: prostitutes.
text: James hands over money to Aunt Honey. She bundles him up and
text: kisses him. He holds onto her tightly. She sets him down.
speaker_heading: AUNT HONEY
dialog: You done good Little Junior. You
dialog: the sweetest little boy in the
dialog: world. Hear me?
text: James nods as two soldiers begin fighting over one of the
text: prostitutes. Each pulling her in a different direction.
text: Honey rises.
speaker_heading: AUNT HONEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to James)
dialog: Go on in the kitchen. Find you a
dialog: scrap to eat.
text: Aunt Honey pulls out a knife that has been nuzzled inside her
text: bra. James watches as she fixes the situation.
dialog: 62 62
scene_heading: INT. BARBERSHOP. THE NEXT DAY. JAMES 19 YRS 1952
dialog: The band has just gotten their hair-cut like Louis Jordan
dialog: (and James Brown).
text: Bobby Byrd looks at his hair in the mirror.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I don't know, James. This don't
dialog: look too gospel.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What you talkin' about? Your hair
dialog: is rising up to the Lord right?
text: Like a flame.
text: Nayfloyd looks deep into the mirror in front of him.
speaker_heading: NAYFLOYD
dialog: The flames of hell. We're the
dialog: Gospel Starlighters. We a gospel
dialog: group. This is R &amp; B hair.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What you think "Caldonia" is,
dialog: Nafloyd.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD
dialog: (Ruffled)
dialog: We just playin' around with
dialog: "Caldonia" when we practicing.
dialog: That don't make us R &amp; B. We still
dialog: Gospel.
dialog: 63 63
scene_heading: INT. BIG BILL'S RENDEZVOUS. TOCCOA, 1954. NIGHT.
text: The place is packed. On stage the 22 year old Little Richard
text: is all over the piano, singing the hell out of Tutti Frutti.
text: AT THE BACK -- Bobby and the band stand in shock and awe.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD
dialog: I swear he's gonna break that
dialog: piano.
text: James is transfixed. Motionless. Soaking it up.
text: ON STAGE -- The song ends. The crowd explode.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD
dialog: We'll be back in ten to flip you
dialog: again! Whoooo! Yeah!
text: Bobby scans the crowd.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: (Frustrated)
dialog: Look at these people James. Man!
dialog: I'm ready. You know'm saying? When
dialog: it gone be us up there?
text: James hasn't moved. He's still staring at the stage.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: What?
text: James turns to Bobby.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
text: There's a piano. And a stage. And
dialog: right now.
dialog: (Looks at it)
dialog: Ain't no one on it.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD
dialog: What you talking about? We can't go
dialog: up there.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Why not? Like you said, Nafloyd,
dialog: "We just playin' around with
dialog: "Caldonia". So let's go play
dialog: around.
text: Bobby nods, and James strides towards the stage and gets up.
text: The others look at each other: HOLY SHIT! and scramble after
text: him. James gestures to them to pick up instruments.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ladies `n Gentlemen. Hope you're
text: enjoying the show.
text: Nafloyd speaks into his mic.
speaker_heading: NAYFLOYD
dialog: We're the Star-
text: James quickly interrupts.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We're the Famous Flames.
text: Nafloyd looks at Bobby.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYDS
dialog: Flames?
speaker_heading: BABY ROY
dialog: Famous?
text: James hollers. The Flames hit their queue, bang on, and they
text: TEAR INTO Caldonia. James loosens with every bar. Unhooks the
text: mic. Throws a move. As he hits the hook again the audience is
text: drawn to his energy like a magnet.
text: BACKSTAGE DOOR - Leaning against a wall backstage, Little
text: Richard looks up from his pocket mirror. Frowns.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD
dialog: What is that?
text: IN THE WINGS - the club manager watches on unsure what to do.
text: ON STAGE - James and Bobby, hollering into the same mic are
dialog: ripping the place up.
text: IN THE WINGS - Little Richard appears at his side, fuming.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Get those bitches off my stage!
text: Power to the stage is cut off. The performance is over but
text: the crowd go batshit. NAFLOYD, BABY ROY are shaking.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD
dialog: We the Flames.
text: BOBBY looks at JAMES. A new, knowing look. They bow as one,
text: turn, and walk offstage, CLEAN PAST a furious Little Richard.
text: James returns his glare with an even straighter one.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: (Deadpan)
dialog: Just keepin' it warm for ya.
text: He walks past.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD
dialog: Hey. What's your name?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The Famous Flames.
text: James looks back levelly.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD
dialog: No. What's your name?
text: They look at each other. Neither blinks.
dialog: 64 64
scene_heading: EXT. MALT SHOP. NIGHT.
text: 2AM. James sits alone at a table off to the side of the order
dialog: window.
text: Little Richard dressed as a chef comes out of the kitchen and
text: drops two burgers in front of them. James and Richard,
text: cigarette in a long holder, holds forth.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD
dialog: I play a show in Lafayette last
dialog: week twenty thirty girls pass clean
dialog: out. Need oxygen. I'm killing `em
dialog: James. They should lock me away. I
text: cut loose it's like a spaceship
dialog: land. Did I say I got a record out?
dialog: They drop it five times a day on
text: WIBB. Five times a day.
dialog: (He looks at James)
dialog: And I'm flippin' burgers. You know
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD (CONT'D)
text: Cause WIBB antenna reach 60 mile.
dialog: 60 mile. This country is 5000 miles
text: top to toe and 7000 coast to coast.
dialog: You catch the wind, get a hit, a
dialog: real hit, every inch of that is
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: So how we catch the wind?
text: Richard smiles. Stops the waitress. All charm.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD
dialog: Sugar, may I borrow your pencil?
text: He takes a napkin. Starts writing on it. All business.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: You got a hundred bucks?
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD
dialog: Rob a liquor store. You take a
dialog: hundred bucks to WIBB in Macon. Ask
dialog: for Big Sauk. Say Richard sent you.
dialog: You make an acetate. Ten copies.
dialog: You send them to these people.
text: He writes them down. James watches.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: It's that easy why don' you do it?
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD
dialog: I already did. Baby, this is the
dialog: last time you're gone see my
dialog: beautiful ass 'cep on TV. Six
dialog: months the whole world gone know
dialog: me. I gone be bigger than
dialog: Cleopatra. It's written in the
dialog: stars James. Yes Sir. I'm gone have
text: the world on a string.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: And that's when the trouble start.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: And why that.
text: He fixes James. The air turns cold.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD
dialog: That when the Devil come. And he
dialog: ain't gonna be red with no fiery
text: tail. He gone be white. In a fancy
dialog: suit. And he gone look you in the
dialog: eye and he gonna ask what you want.
dialog: And you best not shake, nor
dialog: tremble. You best not blink one
dialog: eye.
text: Swats a fly on the table. James doesn't blink.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: You gone be ready for him James?
dialog: You got it inside?
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: You tell me Richard. You tell me
dialog: what you see.
text: James stares at Richard, who stares the same stare back.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD
dialog: What happen to you?
dialog: He looks real hard.
speaker_heading: LITTLE RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: I know what happened to me. What
dialog: happen to you?
text: James looks away.
speaker_heading: 65 OMITTED 65
speaker_heading: 66 OMITTED 66
dialog: 67 67
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS AT TWIGG STREET. DAWN. 1942 JAMES 9 YRS
text: James lies awake in a bed with four or five other sleeping
text: bodies. He looks out of the window. Dawn is breaking through
text: a cracked pane.
text: Way off in the distance he hears music and singing. He gets
text: out of bed.
text: He passes a room, TWO SOLDIERS wait their turn with one of
text: Aunt Honey's PROSTITUTES.
text: James reaches the front of the house. He looks to Honey, out
text: cold in a chair. A needle protrudes from her harm.
dialog: 51
text: He walks out of the house passing several people asleep in
dialog: the yard.
dialog: 68 68
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH/ DIRT ROAD. DAY
text: Early morning. James continue his walk towards the music.
scene_heading: 69 INT. UNITED HOUSE OF PRAYER FOR ALL PEOPLE. DAY 69
text: A evangelical congregation lit up by the spirit.
text: SWEET DADDY GRACE: a suavely coiffed but ferocious southern
text: firebrand preacher wearing a suit made of dollar bills
text: screams and berates the congregation into a frenzy.
speaker_heading: DADDY GRACE
dialog: Do you love him?!
text: People are having fits on the floor, beating themselves.
text: Shrieking and weeping hallelujah.
speaker_heading: DADDY GRACE (CONT'D)
dialog: (even higher pitched)
dialog: Say you love him!
text: Daddy raises his voice even louder ending in a shrilling
dialog: falsetto.
speaker_heading: DADDY GRACE (CONT'D)
dialog: Say it louder for Jesus! Say it
dialog: louder!
text: Daddy Grace falls to the floor and is attended by alter boys
text: who drape a cape around his shoulders which he flings aside.
text: James looks around the room at the people. Then at the
dialog: preacher.
scene_heading: 70 EXT. TWIGG STREET BUS STOP. NIGHT. 1942 70
text: James stands silhouetted against the high beams of the
text: approaching troop Bus. James begins to dance to the theme in
text: his head. He's dancing differently now. Mimicking the moves
text: of Sweet Daddy Grace. James does a spilt in the beams of
dialog: light.
dialog: 52
dialog: 71 71
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 71A INT. BYRD HOUSE. 71A
dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Byrd listen to Please Please Please on the
dialog: radio. They aren't pleased.
scene_heading: 71B INT. AUNT HONEY'S BEDROOM. NIGHT 71B
text: Aunt Honey has just injected herself with Morphine. She
text: opens a drawer and places a needle and vial inside.
text: She crosses to her bed and lays down. Please Please Please
text: plays on a radio. Aunt Honey sings along and closes her
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: 71C INT. CAR - NIGHT 71C
text: RALPH BASS drives and hears Please Please Please. A smile
text: crosses his face.
scene_heading: 71D EXT. BOARDING HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT. 1954 71D
text: Establishing of exterior boarding house with the crappy
text: station wagon parked out front.
scene_heading: 72-73 OMITTED 72-73
scene_heading: 74 INT. BOARDING HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT. 74
text: All the flames asleep laying across as single bed in one
dialog: motel room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 75 75
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: James and Bobby sleep next to each other. James whispers to
dialog: Bobby:
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Bobby. I can't make practice
dialog: Thursday. I gotta get married.
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (Whispers)
dialog: What are you talkin' about? Who you
dialog: marryin'?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That chick I met after the Stone
dialog: Mountain Show. Velma.
text: A silence falls.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What about my sister?
text: James flashes a devilish smile.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh, I'll still harmonize with Sarah
dialog: from time to time.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I ain't playin', James. How you
dialog: gone do all this?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Do all what?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Practice. The road. Makin' records.
dialog: Startin' a family.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I ain't startin' nothin', Bobby.
dialog: Except what we doin'.
text: James reaches under the bed and pulls out the acetate they
dialog: just recorded.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: That us. We in there Bobby.
text: James holds the record close and studies it with Bobby.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That's all the money we got.
dialog: And some we don't.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But, it is beautiful. All those
dialog: little grooves. That's us. It's
dialog: been written.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
text: Now, men gone lay with women.
dialog: That's nature. But a woman ain't
dialog: never gone stop a real man from
dialog: what he's supposed to do. That's
dialog: God. Husband? Daddy? That gives a
dialog: man purpose. Man gotta have
dialog: purpose. But purpose don't stop me
dialog: neither, Bobby. Ain't nothin' gone
dialog: stop us. Nothin'. And that's God
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 76 76
scene_heading: INT. KITCHENETTE. 1955. DAY. JAMES 22 YRS
text: James Brown stares back at his infant son with the same wary
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You gone smile for me, Teddy Brown?
text: He bounces him on his knee once.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, boy.
text: Twice. The kid smiles. James suddenly becomes moved. He
text: leans over and kisses his son.
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: We out of greens. You want me to go
dialog: pick some up?
text: Velma, a cute nineteen year old girl is fixing dinner.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No baby.
text: A car horn outside. He looks out the window.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Baby. I gotta go.
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: But I got your supper.
text: He hands her the baby, kisses her passionately. She melts.
speaker_heading: VELMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Wake me up.
text: James pretends to look shocked, covers Teddy's ears.
dialog: 55
dialog: 77 77
scene_heading: EXT. JAMES AND VELMA'S KITCHENETTE
text: James bounds off the porch towards the station wagon.
text: Velma steps onto the porch with the baby. She suddenly looks
text: very young.
text: James turns to his family and pats his hand over his heart.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (shouts out)
dialog: I got you right in here, Teddy
dialog: Brown.
text: Velma raises Teddy's hand and waves it at James.
text: James begins to serenade "Lost Someone" to his family...
dialog: 78 78
scene_heading: EXT. CRAPPY STATION WAGON. RURAL ROAD - SUNSET. 1955
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON:
text: James continues to sing. Only now he's humming as if working
text: out a new way into "Lost Someone".
text: We widen to see The Flames, Baby Roy, Nafloyd, Bobby and
text: James pushing an old crappy Chevy station wagon down the
text: road. Nafloyd has the easy job of keeping the steering wheel
dialog: straight.
text: Nafloyd is clearly annoyed by James' humming.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Nafloyd, you know in "Let's Make
dialog: It" when it goes (he hums). If you
dialog: go up there and hold it, like.
dialog: (hums). It's gone be sweet. Make it
dialog: like you got a harmonica stuck in
dialog: your throat.
text: Nafloyd looks back at Bobby Byrd.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD SCOTT
dialog: You know what? Why don't you sing
dialog: it, James?
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: What? I can't sing it. It's your
dialog: song man.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD SCOTT
dialog: But I ain't singing it right James.
dialog: I just ain't.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD SCOTT (CONT'D)
dialog: I ain't got a harmonica in my
dialog: throat. But you do. We all know
dialog: you do.
text: James continues with his humming. Nafloyd stops pushing and
text: walks alongside with a finger on the wheel.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD SCOTT (CONT'D)
dialog: You know how it be done. You got it
dialog: all worked out. Don't you?
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: James ain't saying that `floyd.
text: He's just hearing something.
text: Get back to pushing the car.
speaker_heading: NAYFLOYD
dialog: Let's all take a break for a
dialog: minute.
text: Everyone stops pushing. Bobby turns to Nafloyd. Fuming.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: What I say in Peterstown? Huh?
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD SCOTT
dialog: I know what you said.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: What I say?
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD SCOTT
dialog: You said `Fill her up Floyd.
speaker_heading: BABY ROY
dialog: That's right. That's what he said.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD SCOTT
dialog: I know you he said fill her up,
dialog: Baby Roy! Problem is we don't got
dialog: the dough to fill it.
dialog: (to Bobby)
dialog: We don't got the dough because
dialog: Bobby here let James spend all our
text: money on some fake record which is
dialog: right now sittin' in trash cans
text: outside King, outside RCA, outside
dialog: Chess.
dialog: (to James)
dialog: You took all our money, James.
dialog: Where my money at?
text: They are about to throw down.
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: BABY ROY
dialog: Cool it Floyd!
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD SCOTT
dialog: Where my money, James?!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm taking you to the money,
dialog: Nafloyd.
dialog: (James tap his head)
dialog: Right now.
text: This lands hard on Bobby's ears. He smiles
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: So, push the Wagon, Nafloyd.
text: Nafloyd resumes pushing the wagon.
scene_heading: 79 INT. PEACHES DINER. 1955. EARLY MORNING. 79
text: James stands in the rear of an African American diner talking
text: on a pay phone. He's a sweaty mess having walked through the
dialog: night.
text: His face drops. It registers sudden concern.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Are you sure, Baby?
scene_heading: 80 INT. PEACHES DINER. MOMENTS LATER 80
text: James joins Bobby at a booth of the diner. Bobby is also a
text: sweaty mess.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: The Tuxedo Room already cancelled
dialog: tonight's show. Said if we couldn't
dialog: show up last night then why we
dialog: gonna show up tonight.
text: James shrugs.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now we got twenty four hours to get
dialog: to Prestonville. Hundred and forty
dialog: miles West. We got no gas. No
dialog: bread. No show. I miss anything?
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: Velma's pregnant again.
text: Bobby looks at him. Deadpan.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Congratulations.
text: James nods.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: So now, we gotta make us a business
dialog: decision.
text: He reaches in his pocket. Puts a few coins on the table.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Thirty cents. The question is, do I
dialog: call the Two Spot, find out we got
dialog: any messages. Or do I get me a
dialog: coffee. Or do I skip the coffee,
dialog: and get me a donut.
text: James considers this. Reaches in his pocket. Puts some coins
text: on the table.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Knock yourself out.
text: A black waitress comes over. Bobby acts as if he's a high
text: roller. Living the life. Perusing the menu.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey honey. Can I get me a coffee...
text: Looks at James. Now for the ultimate luxury.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: ..and...let's see...a donut?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You boys from outta town?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We're Musicians. We the Famous
dialog: Flames.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Flames?
dialog: (noting their disheveled look)
text: More like a flicker.
text: James reaches over and grabs the waitress' hand.
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: All we need is a spark, baby. So we
dialog: can turn the lamp down low till
dialog: this sun rise up on us in the
dialog: morning.
text: The waitress pulls her hand back.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Y'all's broke ass is splittin' that
dialog: donut, ain't you?
text: Bobby starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll bring it with a knife.
text: James winks before the waitress walks away.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I gone call the Two Spot.
text: James expression instantly changes.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh no.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What?
text: Over at the door, A white guy. Obviously a cop. He waves our
dialog: waitress over.
speaker_heading: WHITE GUY
dialog: Excuse me ma'am, I just came from a
dialog: place called the Tuxedo Room. I'm
dialog: looking for the boys who were
dialog: supposed to be playing there
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I ain't supposed to leave Bibb
dialog: County without telling my parole
dialog: officer.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Shit James! What we do?
text: Bobby looks around and James has disappeared under the table.
text: Bobby drops like a stone under the table as well.
text: Bobby peers around the booth for a peek.
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: He's coming this way. Oh shit.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I can't go back to prison Bobby.
text: The waitress sits the man down at a nearby table.
speaker_heading: WHITE GUY
dialog: I've been driving across over two
dialog: states looking for these boys. They
dialog: have to be here in Macon. Tell ya
dialog: what, I'll make it worth your while
dialog: if you can tell me where they are.
text: The man hands the waitress ten bucks and a business card.
text: The woman shrugs as she reads the card.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: King Records? What did they do?
speaker_heading: WHITE GUY
dialog: Everything right.
text: Bobby and James look at each other.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: (pole-axed)
dialog: King records?
text: Bobby crawls out from under the table suddenly all business.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Evening, Sir. I'm Bobby Byrd this
dialog: is my associate James Brown.
text: James crawls out and stands before RALPH BASS.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I understand you're looking for the
dialog: Famous Flames.
text: LATER AT THE DINER - Bobby and James sit with Ralph Bass. The
text: breakfast crowd has cleared out.
speaker_heading: RALPH BASS
dialog: I'm Ralph Bass from Federal records
text: in Cincinnati. An imprint of King
dialog: Records. I heard your acetate. I
dialog: want you to come to Cincinnati. I
dialog: want you to make a record for King.
dialog: 61
text: Bobby looks back at him. Nods.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: King records. As in King Records.
dialog: The King records.
text: The waitress arrives with a donut and a plate of steak and
text: eggs. She places the steak and eggs in front of James and
text: winks.
speaker_heading: RALPH BASS
dialog: You sure put a lot into that cut.
dialog: The main vocal. You got some soul
dialog: right there.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Uh.. That's not me. That's uh.
dialog: That's James.
speaker_heading: RALPH BASS
dialog: That you singing?
text: James looks BACK TO US.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yeah. That's me.
dialog: 81 81
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL/KING RECORDS, CINCINNATI. DAY. 1956
text: James stands alone looking up at the towering building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 82 82
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO. DAY. JAMES 23
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Please, Please, Please....!
dialog: They put everything they've got into "Please, Please,
dialog: Please".
text: James leans into a chrome studio mic and sings: Please...
text: please...please... He leans out and the Flames lean in to the
dialog: same mic. "Please please don't go"..
scene_heading: IN THE BOOTH --
text: Gene Redd mans the desk. Ralph stands nervously while SYD
text: NATHAN, the impressively fat 60-year-old owner of King sits
text: in jamjar spectacles and Bakelite Headphones, listening.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Wait...wait a second here-
text: Raggedly they all come to a halt. Nafloyd seems annoyed.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD
dialog: What we stop for? That was cookin'.
text: Everyone looks pissed at James who seems agitated. Byrd's
dialog: nervous they're wasting time.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: It's OK sir we OK. We can just
dialog: start right at the top.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It ain't right. It's too slow. We
dialog: gotta pick up the pace fellas.
text: James begins to pace. Bobby grows concerned.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What are you doing, James? These
dialog: men been doing this for a long
dialog: time. We need to listen to them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I need to come in early..push it.
dialog: Drive it. Early. Before the beat.
dialog: Then speed it up, man.
text: Ralph Bass speaks to James from the booth.
speaker_heading: RALPH
text: James, this is a ballad. The pace
dialog: we've set is perfect.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I know it's a ballad, Mr. Bass.
dialog: But a ballad is supposed to get her
text: in the mood, not put her to sleep.
text: The Flames all look at Bobby who looks at the impatient faces
text: waiting on the other side of the glass.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Let's just get it done OK?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But it ain't right.
text: THEY LAUNCH INTO PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE. JAMES NAILS HIS LEAD
text: but the pace remains the same.
dialog: 63
text: IN THE RECORDING BOOTH
text: Syd Nathan, takes of his headphones, and turns to Ralph,
dialog: pissed as hell.
speaker_heading: SYD NATHAN
dialog: (Takes off cans. Yells)
dialog: What the hell is this Ralph?!
dialog: Where's the rest of the song?
speaker_heading: RALPH BASS
dialog: Syd-
speaker_heading: SYD NATHAN
dialog: He just keeps hollering that one
text: word over and over. "Please".
dialog: "Please" what, Ralph?! Please jerk
dialog: my dick? What the hell does he
dialog: want? If he doesn't tell me, you're
dialog: fired.
speaker_heading: IN THE STUDIO
text: Bobby and Nafloyd can see something is wrong. James oblivious
text: still singing, lost in the moment.
speaker_heading: IN THE BOOTH
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Listen, Mr. Nathan. This song-
speaker_heading: SYD NATHAN
dialog: I don't hear a song Ralph. A song
text: has verses. A snappy chorus. It's
dialog: not just some unfortunate nigger
dialog: pleading. Who needs that? Give me
dialog: the fucking song Ralph. The song.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: It's not about the song.
text: Nathan stops. This is sacrilege.
speaker_heading: SYD NATHAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: It's not the song.
text: Nathan turns to and looks again. His eyes narrow UPON James
text: Brown, his heart and soul pouring out onto the tape.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 64
scene_heading: 82A INT. BIG BILLS RENDEZVOUS. 1954. NIGHT. 82A
text: THE FAMOUS FLAMES are back on stage at Big Bills only now
text: THEY OWN THE ROOM. A packed standing room only house is
text: going wild for James and the flames.
text: Side doors to the club have been opened. People pour outside
dialog: and dance.
text: James sings PLEASE! at a much faster pace than at King. Aunt
text: Honey and her girls bump and grind to the music.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Please! Please! Please.
text: James lowers to the floor and belts his heart out as the song
dialog: concludes.
text: James walks off stage and just outside Big Bills. A bath
text: towel is put over James' back and head to absorb his sweat.
text: James is breathing hard, completely exhausted. The crowd is
text: not wanting the show to end. The band is vamps amid cheers.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: James Brown, James Brown, James
dialog: Brown.
text: James slowly rises his head from under his towel and looks
text: right at us. He begins to smile.
text: He then looks over to Bobby and nods. The band resumes
dialog: Please, Please, Please.
text: Suddenly James throws the towel off of himself and runs to
text: the stage. The cape act is born.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Please! Please! Please!
text: James jumps onto the floor singing as if for his life. He
text: soon disappears into a sea of women pulling at his clothes.
dialog: 83 83
scene_heading: INT. KING RECORD. MEETING ROOM. DAY JAMES 23
text: James Brown sits on a couch next to Ralph Bass.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: James. I want you to meet somebody.
text: Ralph Bass gets up and opens the door. On the chairs outside
text: the meeting room a friendly looking man looks up from a
dialog: magazine.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: RALPH (CONT'D)
dialog: James, this is Ben Bart. Ben is
dialog: President of Universal Attractions.
dialog: New York's biggest booking agency.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: That was a great show last week
text: over in Jersey.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well thank you Sir, we worked real
dialog: hard to-
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Not we James. Not the Famous
dialog: Flames. You. James Brown.
text: James looks from one to the other.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: What Bart is saying James is-
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I know what Mr. Bart is saying. I
text: heard him. Loud and clear.
text: He looks at them both.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I see where we goin'. Saw it this
dialog: morning when your secretary called
dialog: ask me to come here an hour early.
dialog: Alone. I knew it six months ago.
dialog: Hell, I knew it the day I was born.
text: James looks back. He doesn't blink. He looks to us.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: There's some things I'm gonna want.
scene_heading: 83A INT. KING RECORDS. CONFERENCE ROOM. LATER THAT MORNING. 83A
text: A receptionist shows the rest of the band in. The Flames join
text: Ralph, Syd Nathan, Ben Bart, and James.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: Come in Boys. Come in.
text: There's no chairs. They stand.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: BEN BART (CONT'D)
dialog: Boys, I have something to show you.
text: He hands them each a record sleeve. They look down.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I don't understand. Is this some
dialog: sort of mistake?
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD
dialog: (Reads)
dialog: His Famous Flames?
text: The sleeve has clearly printed on it "James Brown and his
dialog: Famous Flames."
speaker_heading: BABY ROY
dialog: Sir, this ain't right.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: We agree. See I believe it should
dialog: say simply James Brown. The fact is
dialog: Gentlemen, James Brown doesn't need
dialog: the Famous Flames. King records and
dialog: Universal don't need the Famous
dialog: Flames. But James has requested
dialog: that the name remain in some form.
dialog: Now if you want to stay, stay, but
dialog: from now on you work for James
dialog: Brown, on James Brown's records.
dialog: Should you find this disagreeable
dialog: in part or whole, you can go home.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD
dialog: (Stunned)
dialog: James?
text: James stares straight ahead. Nafloyd throws the record at the
text: wall. Bobby stands there, stunned.
text: Slowly, James looks at Bobby and then crosses to him.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Bobby. It's just a name. Ain't
dialog: nothing different between us. This
dialog: for all us not just me. It's gone
dialog: be good.
text: Bobby stares back. Nafloyd steps up to James.
speaker_heading: NAFLOYD
dialog: James Brown. I never liked you.
dialog: Come on. Let's get outta here..
dialog: 67
text: He turns and walks away with the band. Bobby rises and
text: follows out the door.
speaker_heading: PUSH IN
text: On James. Bart sits down opposite him.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: So. Do you know what you want
dialog: James?
dialog: 84 84
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS. DILAPIDATED CABIN. 1941.
text: FLASHBACK - JAMES, aged eight, outside the shack in Barnwell,
text: beating his stick against the shack.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JAMES
dialog: (Incredulous)
dialog: I know exactly what I want.
dialog: 85 85
scene_heading: INT. KING RECORDS. CINCINNATI. DAY. 1962 JAMES 29 YRS
speaker_heading: SYD NATHAN
dialog: Forget it. King doesn't make live
dialog: albums. They're too expensive.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I think a live album-
speaker_heading: SYD NATHAN
dialog: James, your audience is Negro.
dialog: Negroes don't buy albums. They
dialog: don't have the resources.
dialog: Especially not for a bunch a songs
dialog: they already got.
text: James turns to Ben Bart.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: James, Recording live is five, six
dialog: times as expensive as the studio.
dialog: And that's for some violin concerto
text: at the Met. No one jumps up and
text: shouts "Blow it fucker!" in the
text: middle of The Magic Flute.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But, Pop, you know my show.
text: James turns to Syd.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Nathan, you ain't ever even
dialog: seen the show. My show.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Don't need to.
text: Syd rises and begins to dance. He attempts the "Mashed
dialog: Potato".
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Mr. Nathan-
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: The "Mashed Potato".
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That ain't the "Mashed Potato".
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: SYD (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't do the "Mashed Potato".
dialog: That's your job. That's the show.
dialog: But what I can do is the business.
text: Syd goes back to his desk and sits.
speaker_heading: SYD NATHAN
dialog: So I stick to what I know. You
dialog: stick to what you know. And that's
dialog: the showbusiness.
dialog: 86 86
scene_heading: INT. ELITE RESTAURANT. 1962. DAY.
text: Ben Bart and James, in a booth. James silent, tense.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Book the Apollo. I'm gonna spend my
dialog: own money on this. Syd Nathan's
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: I'm not going to let you do that,
dialog: Jimmy.
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Book it out next week for the whole
dialog: week, go in, we drill it, we drill
dialog: it, we drill it, then we drop it.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: Forget it, Jimmy. It's too big of a
dialog: risk. Let's order something to eat.
text: Ben signals for a waitress to come over. James grows
dialog: intense.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I don't understand risk?
text: James stiffens.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't understand cos I'm just the
dialog: "show"? Is that all I am to you,
dialog: Pop? The show? The money?
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: Of course not, Jimmy.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Sure it is. That's all me and my
dialog: black brothers are to the "White
dialog: Devil". We the show and you the
dialog: money. And that's how the White
dialog: Devil keeps it all.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: I'm not the "White Devil". I'm
dialog: trying to protect you. I'm doing
dialog: my job.
text: James becomes intense. A waitress walks over.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Pop, look me in the eye.
text: Ben stays on his menu.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Pop.
text: Ben looks up. The waitress scurries away.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, I'm the show. But, if I'm
dialog: spendin' my own money on the show,
dialog: then I'm gone be the business too.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: And after we kill The Apollo, I'll
text: kick over a few bucks to the white
dialog: devil. Whatever I think he
dialog: deserves. And If I'm payin' you,
dialog: Pop, you gone show me how to do it.
text: Ben takes this in.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: I'll call Nola Sound. They got
dialog: these new three track stereo
text: recorders from Ampex.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And I want the best engineer in
dialog: town. I don't care what it takes. I
dialog: don't care what it cost. I want
text: everyone in uniform, the ushers,
text: front of house, the peanut
dialog: peddlers.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: We'll need the band in New York
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And I want `em in Sapphire blue
text: suits. Pop. Sapphire.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: Sapphire Blue. Underwear too. How
dialog: does that sound?
text: Pop smiles as does James.
dialog: 87 87
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR/ APOLLO THEATER. 1962. NIGHT.
text: Ben Bart drives a sedan. James rides in the front seat.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: It's cold. It's cold. It's too cold
dialog: man. It's too cold. Cold. Cold.
text: They round the corner.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon. C'mon. C'mon. C'mon. C'mon.
text: SUDDENLY and for the first time, we hear the classic James
text: grunt, guttural.
text: A THUMPING RHYTHM BEGINS. James, stock still, no longer
text: looking out of the window. Head completely still.
dialog: 71
text: Out of the window: a line of people. On and on. We round the
text: corner. More people. Another corner. More.
text: The doors of the theatre open as we pass. People rush forward
text: as THE CAR PULLS UP. James gets out outside by the stage
text: entrance. Ben follows.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
text: Evening, Mr. Brown. Cold out
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Gertrude. See if you can get some
dialog: coffee for the folks in line.
text: James walks into the stage door entrance of the Apollo. Ben
text: follows with a big smile. It's happening.
dialog: 88 88
scene_heading: INT. APOLLO THEATER. STAGE. NIGHT. 1962
text: ONE BY ONE TWELVE PAIRS OF PATENT LEATHER SHOES HIT THE
speaker_heading: STAGE.
text: THE NEW JAMES BROWN REVUE file in with instrument cases like
dialog: some ultra hip sect.
text: In the dimly lit back stage we see the motions of opening
text: their cases and begin setting up their stations, A beautiful
text: black girl pulls up her mini to reveal even more leg.
text: James enters looking amazing in a cobalt sharkskin. He
text: approaches the all new band.
text: A member of the band, whose back is to us, peers out of the
text: scarlet curtains towards the packed house.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You ready Mr. Byrd?
text: Bobby Byrd turns from the curtains. THE ONLY SURVIVING MEMBER OF
text: THE STARLIGHTERS. His profile lighted by a powerful spot.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: (Ice cool)
dialog: Ready Mr. Brown.
text: Gertrude rushes to James with his jacket. He smooths his hair.
speaker_heading: FATS V/O
dialog: Are you ready for star time? Thank
dialog: you and thank you very kindly-
dialog: 72
dialog: 89 89
scene_heading: INT. APOLLO. STAGE. NIGHT.
text: Syd Nathan and Ben Bart stand in the wings. Syd shouts in Ben's
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: We got the level on his main mic
dialog: way up to drown out the crowd. You
dialog: gotta get him to hold back a little
dialog: in the first number!
text: CLOSE UP: Big two inch tape magnacorders turn on brushed
text: aluminium spindles. Recording live.
text: Ben Bart looks over at James at the curtain edge. A man
dialog: possessed.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: I think its too late for that. You
dialog: ain't got a breeze, Syd. You got a
dialog: hurricane.
text: James looks at Bobby. Bobby nods. James nods back. The band
dialog: vamp.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Watch me.
text: The curtain opens. BANG! James Brown &amp; the New Revue are in
text: perfect timing looking impeccable in their new sapphire blue
text: suits. The crowd goes wild with excitement.
text: Mr. Dynamite steps on stage-- and floats and dances across bare
text: planks like they were polished ice. He reaches the mike.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You know I feel alright.
dialog: (Yeah!)
dialog: You know I feel alright children.
dialog: (Yeah!)
dialog: I feel aaaaaaaallllriiiiiiight.
text: Les Buie whacks the guitar strings and the world ceases to
text: spin. A rising 6/8 blues riff pulses up like adrenaline.
text: As he sings the song, a shock wave blasts out from the stage
text: of the theatre on 125th street and into the Universe.
text: Bobby might as well be sitting on the moon. He never misses
text: a beat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 73
text: James Brown and the New Revue are tearing up their second
dialog: number, "Think."
text: SYD NATHAN now sits in the audience surrounded by a SEA OF
dialog: BLACK FACES. We gather that Syd has never really experienced
text: "The Show". He smiles and nods to the beat.
text: Just then a female seated behind him shouts as the horns kick
dialog: in.
scene_heading: FEMALE IN AUDIENCE
dialog: Blow it fuckers!!!
text: James stares into the darkness. He's already begun to sweat.
text: The drums stop a six punch combination from the horns dead.
text: He reaches for the mic without looking. Leans in and locks
text: eyes with Syd.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Think...Think...Think...About your
dialog: bad self...
text: James drops to his knees. The crowd goes wild.
text: A few rows behind Syd, we find Susie Brown sitting in the
text: audience. James' mother has come to the show.
dialog: 90 90
scene_heading: INT. APOLLO DRESSING ROOM. NIGHT.
text: After. The cheers still ringing out. People packed into his
text: dressing room. Champagne corks pop. Congratulations from all.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you. That's very kind of you.
text: Bobby, at the door. Can't get to him. Turns to Gertrude.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Gertrude. Get everybody out.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: What?
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOM
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We gone celebrate tonight. And then
dialog: tomorrow we gone Wilmington and do
dialog: it to it all over again.
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mr. Brown. Excuse me. Mr. Brown.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: ...James.
text: James stops. Turns to face Bobby's grave expression. Bobby
text: whispers in James' ear.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: There's a woman here, Mr. Brown.
dialog: She says she's your mother.
text: James stops dead. COMPLETELY STILL. We push in. He doesn't
dialog: blink.
dialog: 91 91
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - EXT. STREET. NIGHT. 1942. JAMES 9 YRS
text: Little Junior walks Twigg street at night. Passing dives and
dialog: joints.
text: Suddenly he stops, across the street, he sees a woman coming
text: out of a bar arm in arm with a BLACK SOLDIER.
text: He follows her up the street. She's weaving and laughing with
text: the drunk soldier.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Momma?
text: SUSIE and the soldier walk into a side yard where a party is
text: in full swing.
text: James approaches her from behind.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Momma it's me. It's me.
text: She turns. Focuses blearily.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: You know this little nigger?
text: For a moment it looks as if there is a flicker of
text: recognition. Then swivels her head to look at the soldier.
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Beat it.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JAMES
dialog: But Momma!
text: The soldier picks up a rock a throws it.
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Get the fuck out of here.
scene_heading: 92 INT. AUNT HONEY'S BEDROOM. NIGHT. 1942 92
text: Aunt Honey and James lie in bed together. James has been
dialog: crying.
speaker_heading: AUNT HONEY
dialog: Don't cry, Little Junior. Don't
dialog: cry. Now, child, I want you to
dialog: listen to me. You gone be okay. You
dialog: hear me? Little Junior, you were
dialog: born dead. Did you know that?
text: James shakes his head.
speaker_heading: AUNT HONEY (CONT'D)
dialog: When your great Aunt pulled you
dialog: into this world you were dead. You
dialog: had gone cold. She slapped your ass
dialog: hard too but you never drew a
dialog: breath. Your momma and daddy had to
dialog: say goodbye to you. But then your
dialog: Great Aunt breathed in you one last
dialog: time. And then you turned warm and
dialog: then you screamed. So loud we heard
dialog: it all the way here in Augusta.
dialog: You're special, boy. Cause you got
dialog: the spirit in you. And that spirit
dialog: told me you gone be a rich man,
dialog: Little Junior. And Everybody gone
dialog: know your name. Ain't nothin' can
dialog: touch you. You hear me? Nothin'.
text: James nods.
speaker_heading: 92A 92A
scene_heading: INT. TOUR BUS. DAY. 1964
text: The band on the bus. Bobby Bennet frowns and turns to Bobby
text: Byrd. A new girl, YVONNE FAIR, gets on.
text: DOWN THE BUS -- The others watch.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: Who's this?
speaker_heading: BOBBY BENNET
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: James gone wear that seat out.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: Which seat. Her's or the bus?
dialog: 76
text: Having overheard, Yvonne spends around.
speaker_heading: YVONNE
dialog: I'm Yvonne! I'm a singer. Let me
dialog: worry about my seat.
text: Bennet and Maceo snicker.
dialog: 93 93
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/FISH HOUSE. DAY. 1965
text: James and Ben Bart walk up a street. They turn a corner to
text: see a gleaming new Cadillac parked next to the Fish House.
text: We see a DRIVER inside. The driver exits.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Compliments of Universal
dialog: Attractions.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: This for me? Looky this! We got us
text: a chauffeur.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the chauffeur)
dialog: Gimme the keys. What they payin'
dialog: you?
text: James takes the keys and then pulls out a roll of bills and
text: counts out six hundreds. He hands them to chauffeur.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: This here's a month's pay, help you
dialog: get yourself another job. I gone
dialog: drive myself.
text: The chauffeur smiles, hands Bart his hat and walks off down
dialog: the street.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't mention it.
dialog: (turns to Ben Bart)
dialog: That's six a month goin' somewhere
dialog: else.
dialog: 94 94
scene_heading: EXT. FISH HOUSE - DAY
text: James and Pop sit at a small dining table outside the Fish
dialog: House.
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Pop, see there's something I been
dialog: meaning to ask you.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: What's that Jimmy.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I got a seventh grade education
dialog: Pop, so you'll have to excuse me. I
dialog: was looking over those figures you
dialog: sent me, and something occur to me:
dialog: we don't pay the promoter, the
dialog: promoter pay us.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Just standard Jimmy. Guarantee
dialog: against fluctuating ticket sales.
dialog: Lets plan a-
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: -sure we planning, see I ask
dialog: myself, what if we don't got
dialog: fluctuating sales. What if you
text: knocking the tar out of every show.
text: Ben Bart watches James with a new outlook on his partner and
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Well let me explain the way it
dialog: works. When you book a show. Take
dialog: Chicago. Now our promoter in
dialog: Chicago is-
speaker_heading: BART (CONT'D)
dialog: Lenny J Frank. Lenny's the number
dialog: one promoter in Chicago has been
dialog: for twenty years.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I don't doubt it.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Now when Lenny pays us a flat rate,
dialog: we can account. You know, number
dialog: one, you're getting top rate and
dialog: number two-
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What if we took the gate?
dialog: (Bart stops JAMES looks over)
dialog: What if we took it ourself.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: And still got the show promoted,
dialog: but better.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: Better than Lenny Franks?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Lenny Franks a James Brown fan? How
dialog: old he, sixty? Why's he gone try
dialog: harder for James Brown than for Sam
dialog: Cooke? Or Ray Charles. Or Tom
dialog: Jones. See Pop. We go to the radio
dialog: stations.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Jimmy, I understand your
dialog: frustration but you gotta realize
dialog: you're entering a game where the
dialog: rules are set out. If you were a
dialog: ball player you can't walk in and
dialog: change how many innings they're
dialog: gonna play just because...
text: As Bart drones on, James loses interest and starts addressing
dialog: us directly.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You see my point right? OK. Listen
dialog: up. We go to the radio station. We
text: go to the young cats. The hungry
text: cats. The late night cat.
speaker_heading: 95 95
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION.
text: James talks to us as he stands next to a DEEJAY, ALAN LEEDS,
text: The deejay doesn't hear James talking to us.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: The twenty year old white deejay in
dialog: Richmond Virginia who's getting
dialog: paid nothing and is only doin' it
dialog: because he loves music. We go to
dialog: him we ask him if he want to be the
dialog: sole James Brown promoter for the
dialog: Richmond show. For a percentage. He
dialog: gone say:
text: The deejay suddenly looks up to James.
scene_heading: YOUNG RICHMOND DEEJAY
dialog: Are you fucking kidding me? Do you
dialog: know how much they pay me?
dialog: 79
text: JAMES WALKS PAST THROUGH THE STATION TALKING TO US.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Between nothing and fifty bucks a
dialog: week. But he love my music.
dialog: He digs James Brown. And he got a
text: microphone and a turn-table and
text: four hours airtime to kill.
scene_heading: YOUNG RICHMOND DEEJAY
dialog: Screw Payola.
scene_heading: LATER - THE RADIO STATION.
text: He spins it. MUSIC starts: "Papa's Got a Brand New Bag."
text: JAMES BEGINS TO GROOVE.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And at the end he gone say..
speaker_heading: 95A 95A
scene_heading: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE. VOICE-OVER OF DEEJAYS ANNOUNCING THE
text: UPCOMING SHOWS OVER.. "MAKE SURE YOU CATCH JAMES AT THE ARENA
text: IN RICHMOND THIS TUESDAY!!! " ETC.
scene_heading: 96 INT. FISH HOUSE. DAY. 96
text: BACK AT THE FISH HUT, JAMES IS TALKING TO US AS HE ORDERS A
scene_heading: PLATE OF FISH.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Now because he's twenty he's got
text: strong legs. And he knows everyone.
dialog: 97 97
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREETS. 1965.
text: THE VARIOUS DEEJAYs -- riding around town on bikes, on
text: skates, diving out of cars, pasting up posters everywhere.
speaker_heading: JAMES (V.O.)
dialog: He know the guy in the barber shop
dialog: knows the guy at the pool hall, the
text: guy at the garage.
dialog: 80
text: 98 INSIDE JAMES PAYS FOR A LARGE PLATE OF FISH. 98
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to us)
dialog: That way we get our record played
dialog: outside Payola, we get our show
dialog: promoted better, harder, cheaper,
dialog: and we keep the gate.
scene_heading: 99 EXT. FISH HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 99
text: James exits the fish house and sits down at a rickety card
dialog: table with Bart.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to Bart)
dialog: And the best part is, you can put
dialog: it all through the books. Item.
dialog: Promoter.
dialog: (He turns to Bart)
dialog: What'd you think Pop?
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Its beautiful Jimmy. I can't do it.
text: Bart picks up a piece of fish and eats it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Universal Attractions promotes many
dialog: acts. I can't piss off the 60 or 70
dialog: promoters in this country to skim a
dialog: little extra on the James Brown
dialog: Show.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's not a little. If the show
dialog: sells, and it's sellin', we talking
dialog: thousands of dollars a night.
dialog: Difference per year between 2 and 3
dialog: million dollars.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: And I'm out of a job. Think you're
dialog: forgetting I don't just work for
dialog: James Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And there's my next point Pop. Why
dialog: not?
dialog: (Bart stops)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I can do something for you, and you
dialog: can do something for me, and it
dialog: ain't buy me no Cadillac. Did you
dialog: buy Wilson Pickett a Cadillac? Did
dialog: you buy Jackie Wilson a Cadillac?
dialog: You know which way this thing is
dialog: going Pop. I got people around me
dialog: who don't see it.
text: Bart looks at him for some time as a black 1965 limousine
text: pulls up to the fish house.
text: James looks straight back to us. Smiles. Ben Bart rises and
text: grabs a piece of fish.
speaker_heading: BEN BART
dialog: (to James)
dialog: I thank you for the fish. And I'm
dialog: gonna need some benefits, boss.
text: Bart crosses to the limo and leaves.
scene_heading: BLACKOUT. SCREAMS. HORNS VAMPING.
speaker_heading: 100 100
scene_heading: INT. THEATER. NIGHT. 1965 JAMES 32
text: The whole band on stage looking sharp. Knocking the shit out
text: of MAN'S WORLD. James falls to his knees
text: James turns to backup singer, YVONNE and winks. She winks
dialog: back.
text: James scans the front row and sees a very beautiful black
text: woman, DEDE, dancing in the audience.
text: James and Dede lock eyes. The attraction immediate.
text: Man's World continues over the next three scenes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 101 101
scene_heading: INT. SECURE ROOM
text: Ben Bart counts bundles of cash. He shuts a case full of
text: money. Hands it to 300lb MINDER. An ASSISTANT tries to
text: handcuff it to his wrist. It won't close.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Po-lice have the same problem.
text: Bart looks at the three hundred pound minder. Tacitly decides
dialog: it's probably safe.
dialog: 82
dialog: 102 102
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN CINCINNATI. 1965. DAY.
text: Two shiny cars pull up to the bank. The 300lb MINDER, and a
text: couple of his fellas, head into the bank each carrying
text: several suitcases full of money.
dialog: 103 103
scene_heading: INT. BANK. DAY.
text: They form a queue as the good folk of Cincinnati stare agog.
text: The carriers hand over BUNDLES AND BUNDLES OF CASH.
text: BEHIND THE COUNTER The manager spots how many suitcases they
dialog: have.
speaker_heading: 103A 103A
scene_heading: INT. THEATER. NIGHT. LATER THAT SAME NIGHT.
text: James is concluding his show with Please, Please, Please. He
text: is at the tail end of his cape routine. The cape is
text: brilliant blue with rhinestones.
text: He glances at Dede one last time from under the cape.
dialog: 104 104
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE. POST SHOW. NIGHT. 1965
text: James walks down the corridor backstage. Stops. Sniffs. Opens
text: an equipment room door. NEW BAND MEMBER is inside smoking
dialog: reefer.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Who you play Sax with son?
speaker_heading: NEW BAND MEMBER
dialog: James Brown Orchestra, Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What's the rule?
speaker_heading: NEW BAND MEMBER
dialog: No hopheads. No reefer heads. No
dialog: junkies.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Not on the bus. Not backstage. You
dialog: a talented horn player, son. You
dialog: gotta keep your game tight. Now you
dialog: wanna smoke a little groove on your
dialog: own time, that's yo' business.
dialog: But we out here to work hard and we
dialog: gone do just that you dig? Fifty.
dialog: 83
text: Puts out his hand. NEW BAND MEMBER counts off bills and walks
text: down the corridor.
text: James turns around to find a beautiful black woman staring
text: back at him. She holds a notebook and pen.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello pretty thing. You want an
dialog: autograph?
text: She nods.
text: James approaches and tries to grab the notebook. She pulls
text: it back from his grasp with a smile
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You want to come with me? So I can
dialog: sign it somewhere private?
text: James flashes that million dollar smile. They walk away
dialog: together.
scene_heading: 105 INT. JAMES BROWN'S HOME. BEDROOM. WALTON WAY. AUGUSTA. 105
text: James walks into the bedroom of his home. Dede is sitting at
text: the end of their bed looking beautiful in a sexy negligee.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I called you yesterday, you ain't
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: I was home all day.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You were home all day. So why you
dialog: didn't pick up the phone?
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: I don't know. What time you call?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I call you at one and quarter past
dialog: one, then I call you at two. And I
dialog: call again at three.
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: You must've wanted to talk to me
dialog: pretty bad.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Where were you?
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: Yesterday. I don't know..in the
dialog: bath?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: For two hours?
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: You want me to take shorter baths?
dialog: You don't have a phone in the
dialog: bathroom, James. What you gonna do?
dialog: Fine me?
text: He looks at her levelly as he walks past and grabs a phone
text: from the bedside table.
text: He yanks it out of the wall. Dede turns, James races towards
text: her but passes and heads into the bathroom.
scene_heading: 106 INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 106
text: James walks in with the phone. James throws the phone at a
text: bathroom mirror. It shatters.
text: BACK IN THE BEDROOM
text: Dede is still as stone. James looks to Dede and then begins
dialog: to smile.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I ain't gone fine you, baby. You
dialog: fine enough already.
text: Dede smiles.
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: Then get over here, Mr. Dynamite.
text: James approaches Dede and begins taking off his clothes.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Got you a phone in the bathroom
dialog: now.
text: James and Dede begin making love.
scene_heading: MUSIC. MONEY WON'T CHANGE YOU. Over.
dialog: 85
dialog: 107 107
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC. 1965. DAY.
text: James, Dede and Bobby are standing outside James' Cadillac.
text: Dede has her hands over Bobby's eyes. Dede has a huge diamond
text: ring on her finger.
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: Keep your eyes closed Bobby. Keep
dialog: `em closed.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: They're closed, Dede.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You peekin' brother? OK. OK.
dialog: (James stops the car.)
dialog: You ready. You ready? OK. Open `em.
dialog: (Bobby does. )
dialog: Check it Bobby. Is that something?
text: Bobby opens his eyes and sees a Lear Jet stands on a runway.
dialog: "James Brown" on the side.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: That something Bobby? Is that
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah brother. That's something.
text: Velma pulls up in another car. It's full of James kids. Teddy
text: plus four more. He picks them all up and hugs them. As he
text: does, Bobby sheepishly greets Velma.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey Velma.
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: Hey Bobby.
text: James and Dede come over. Bobby takes a step back.
speaker_heading: VELMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Teddy got impetigo.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Impetigo?
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: It's a skin infection.
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: All that mess round his mouth.
dialog: That's impetigo. It's highly
dialog: infectious.
text: Velma turns to Dede.
speaker_heading: VELMA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm just sayin' Mrs. Brown, I
dialog: wouldn't go too near Teddy. Not
dialog: unless you wanna catch impetigo.
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: Thank you, Velma. I'll consider
dialog: myself warned.
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: Warned? Oh, that's a whole other
dialog: conversation. Welcome to the
dialog: family.
text: Dede and Velma smile at each other.
text: James looks at the two women then to Teddy. He pulls Teddy
text: in close. James turns to his other kids.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Listen up. Which one of you cats
dialog: want to fly to Reno on daddy's
dialog: airplane?
text: The kids all say "me!... me!" The kids, Bobby and Dede walk
text: up the steps onto the plane as Velma gets in her car.
text: James lingers.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Velma)
dialog: You need anything?
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: I'll let you know. I'm putting a
dialog: big list together right now.
text: Velma smiles and cranks her car.
scene_heading: 108 EXT. RENO PRIVATE AIRPORT. ESTABLISHING. DAY. 1965 108
dialog: 109 109
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE AIRPORT TERMINAL. LATER THAT DAY. JAMES
text: James is giving a press conference to a group of journalists.
dialog: 87
text: Bobby, Teddy and Dede stand next to James.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Welcome to Reno, Mr. Brown. What
dialog: exactly do you call your style of
dialog: music?
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: I call it James Brown music. What
dialog: I mean is, it's so far ahead of
dialog: it's time that they ain't got a
dialog: name for it yet. Take another
dialog: record, any record from your stack
dialog: at home. I don't care if it's from
dialog: Motown or Stax or whatever...and
dialog: put it on your box. None of them
dialog: are gonna sound like mine. Not
dialog: even my own old records. Just like
text: the title says, it's a "new bag".
dialog: See the funk is in the bass. The
dialog: bass never changes. It's a groove,
dialog: lady. Soon as you hear that
dialog: groove, I know I got you.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: And what exactly is the groove?
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: The groove is something you feel.
text: The groove is solid. Bam Bap. It
text: don't move. It's like a heartbeat.
dialog: It's inside you, driving
text: everything. Hard. Flat. A groove.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: But how exactly do you define it?
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: I just did.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: See Miss. See there's some things,
dialog: they're just too big to fit in a
dialog: magazine. But we all feel it. Even
dialog: little Teddy here know it when he
dialog: feel it.
text: James groans "Um booga chooca. Um". Teddy is lit up;
text: thrilled. He sings.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: "Um Booga Chooca"
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: See. Right there. We all feel it
dialog: together. And that's the groove.
dialog: Understand?
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: (Checks her questions)
dialog: So what's your favorite food?
text: James catches Dede's eye. She and James share a knowing look
text: with Bobby. Bobby takes the mic as James walks away to a
text: side room where Ben Bart is waiting.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 110 INT. AIRPORT MEETING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 110
text: BART, James study at a map. BOBBY sits across the aisle.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Then we got a day between Raleigh,
dialog: Carolina and Columbia two days
dialog: after.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Day off?
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Sure. Regroup. Rest the horses.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We ain't payin' the horses to rest
dialog: `em. Besides, we got a day off in
dialog: two weeks in New Orleans. The boys
dialog: can get their wives, girlfriends
dialog: along, kick back. What's between
dialog: Raleigh and Columbia? Spartanburg?
scene_heading: BACK THE PRESS CONFERENCE:
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: Well see, James started out in
dialog: Augusta. Then his family moved to
dialog: Toccoa. That's where we met.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: And tell me about James' first
dialog: band, the Famous Flames.
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: Well there was five of us to start
dialog: with. Nafloyd Scott, Baby Roy
dialog: Scott, Sylvester Keels..
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: And they left...
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: Yeah. They left.
text: James walks into the interview area.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Bobby? What's the name of the
dialog: theater in Spartanburg...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Uh.. The Viceroy. The..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The Regal!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah. That's it. The Regal.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to Bart)
text: On Howard Street and main. Hold
dialog: about 750 people. Guy named Bennett
dialog: used to own it. Yeah, Spartanburg.
dialog: Yeah, we'll play there and I can
dialog: bring in my masseuse from Anderson.
text: James disappears again.
speaker_heading: JAMES (O.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Call `em up, Pop.
text: The journalists laugh.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Wow. He's got an amazing memory.
text: Bobby nods to himself.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah. James remembers everything.
dialog: 90
scene_heading: 111 EXT. JAMES BROWN'S HOME. WALTON WAY. 1967. CHRISTMAS. 111
text: On the lawn of James' and Dede's new home a Christmas
text: spectacular is staged. The Brown's Colonial is smack dab in
text: the middle of Augusta's most elite, white neighborhood.
text: Fake snow is being sprayed on the lawn by Teddy. Kids of all
dialog: races play in the white stuff.
text: We widen to see a huge line of people waiting to meet James
text: who is dressed as Santa Clause.
text: Dede is dressed as a sexy Mrs. Clause. Dede wears sexy fish
text: net hose which rise up her legs, disappearing into a short
text: red skirt. Dede holds an infant girl.
text: One by one, kids and their parents approach James. He hands
dialog: each Kid a five dollar bill.
text: A little white boy approaches.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hey little man, you been good this
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: Yes, Mister Brown.
text: James hands him a five spot. Dede hands the little boy a
dialog: candy apple.
text: Another little white boy and his father approach. James as
text: James speaks to the little boy.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Merry Christmas, Little Man.
text: James then notices the boy's father checking out Dede.
text: The little boy moves on to Dede. She leans over and picks up
text: an apple from a tray.
text: The boy's father takes full notice of Dede's ass. James takes
text: full notice of the entire thing.
scene_heading: 112 INT. JAMES BROWN'S HOME. WALTON WAY. AUGUSTA. LATER THAT 112
speaker_heading: DAY.
text: James and Dede enter the Brown home, passing a huge life size
text: portrait of James hanging in the foyer.
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: Great crowd today, Baby.
dialog: 91
text: James passes Dede without a word and heads to the back of the
dialog: house.
text: Dede follows James thought the living room and into the
dialog: kitchen.
text: James disappears around a corner.
speaker_heading: DEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: You want some dinner?
text: Dede follows James around the corner and disappears.
speaker_heading: JAMES (O.C.)
dialog: You stand up in James Brown's yard
dialog: dressed like that? So every man can
dialog: see you?
text: Then suddenly, A SMACK is heard. Dede's Body falls back into
text: frame and collapses on the kitchen floor.
text: A towel flies into frame and lands next to Dede.
speaker_heading: JAMES (O.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Cover yourself up.
scene_heading: 113 INT. JAMES BROWN'S HOME. WALTON WAY. AUGUSTA. CONTINUOUS 113
text: We are now with James in the room off the kitchen. Behind
text: James we see Dede starting to get up off the floor.
text: The camera is on James' face. We get the sense that James
text: wants to look at us and talk directly to us but he won't.
text: Out of Shame, James leaves the room and goes to Dede's aid.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 114 114
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL POOL. NEW ORLEANS. 1967. DAY
text: The long awaited day off. The James revue kicks back by the
text: pool in the sunshine, wives, girls, and kids.
text: An idyllic scene. Kids playing with fathers. Kids towelled
dialog: down by mothers.
scene_heading: 115 EXT. HOTEL POOL. CHECK IN STAND. CONTINUOUS 115
text: A WHITE FEMALE TOURIST in swimming kit has been complaining
text: to a HOTEL MANAGER. Her HUSBAND, tries to make peace.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: (regarding the manager)
text: Honey, his hands are tied. The pool
dialog: area has been reserved for a
dialog: private function.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: We're good people and we've paid
dialog: good money. We didn't come all the
dialog: way to New Orleans to swim in a
dialog: pool full of-
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
speaker_heading: WIFE (CONT'D)
dialog: Niggers. Entertainers.
text: Just then a band member's kid does a cannonball in the pool.
text: BACK AT THE POOL
text: Bobby, poolside, messes about with the new singer, Vicki
speaker_heading: ANDERSON.
speaker_heading: VICKI ANDERSON
dialog: You a bad man Bobby Byrd.
text: Suddenly he pulls her to him. They NEARLY share a kiss. But
dialog: laugh instead.
text: Bobby turns his head to a hotel balcony. Vicki grabs Bobby's
text: face and turns it back toward her.
speaker_heading: VICKI ANDERSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Quit lookin' for James Brown and
dialog: keep your eyes on me, Bobby Byrd.
text: She sexily rises and goes and sits on a lounger.
text: Bobby watches her all the way. She catches his eye. Looks at
text: him, raises an eyebrow like "what you looking at?" He feigns
text: innocence, turns, and smiles.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. HOTEL BALCONY - SAME TIME 116
text: James discreetly watches from behind a blind on his balcony
text: high above.
scene_heading: 117 EXT. HOTEL POOL. CONTINUOUS. 117
text: Pee Wee, in jams, walks with a new band member, FRED WESLEY,
text: who is still wearing a suit.
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: Fella's this is Fred. I thought
dialog: we'd show him how things work?
text: Pee Wee pulls out a cheap wig from his pocket and puts it on.
text: Everyone around the pool begins to laugh as Pee Wee begins
text: demonstrating how things work to Wesley. Pee Wee is full on
dialog: imitating James Brown
speaker_heading: PEE WEE ELLIS
dialog: So when I do this..
dialog: (Turns head, stamps foot)
dialog: Means you give it some punch. See.
dialog: When I dip like this.
dialog: (Dips hip and slides)
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Means less sharp. Bring it down.
text: Fred nods.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE ELLIS
dialog: When I do this.
dialog: (Juts chin back and forth)
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: Mean I give it some heat.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE ELLIS
dialog: Right. Now when I do this.
dialog: (Stamps foot and moves elbow.)
dialog: And you stab..
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: On the one.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE ELLIS
dialog: See? And when I pop his head like
dialog: this, it mean.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Take it to the bridge.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: What about when he do this..?
text: Maceo crunches his shoulder blades together.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE ELLIS
dialog: I ain't ready to tell you that one
dialog: yet. I'm in control Mr. Parker.
dialog: Got it. Don't ask about that again.
dialog: 94
text: Pee Wee flashes his hand at Maceo.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: That'll be ten thousand dollars.
text: The band loses their shit at this one. Laughs all around.
text: An hotel employee walks out with a note and hands it to Pee
text: Wee. Pee Wee reads. Pee Wee removes the wig.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE (CONT'D)
dialog: He's called a rehearsal.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: Now. We gotta go get dressed.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: You're kidding. Tell me you
dialog: kidding.
dialog: 118 118
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL ROOM BALCONY / POOL.
text: Hiding behind a partition, James raises a cigarette to his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: 119 JAMES 34 YRS 119
scene_heading: INT. NEW ORLEANS HOTEL REHEARSAL ROOM. 1967
text: The band, all in their suits, with their instruments. All
text: glaring. One more pissed off than the next. Vicki stands in
dialog: the corner.
text: James is in the middle of an extended anecdote.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: See My great grandmother on my
dialog: momma's side, she Asian. She got
dialog: Asian blood. See Asians are a
dialog: flexible race.
dialog: You get with an Asian chick? That a
dialog: whole other story. No spank but
dialog: they got it baby they got it.
dialog: Anyway what was I talkin `bout?
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: Your Chinese knees Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's right. That it. I got these
text: Chinese knees.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: That's how come I can dance the way
dialog: I do. Anyway. One. Two. Three.
dialog: Four. Hit it.
text: The band starts up. During the introduction to COLD SWEAT,
text: MACEO comes in late on the Sax. Everything stops.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop. Maceo.
dialog: (Laughs)
dialog: What you doing man? You coming in
dialog: maybe a little too late. What's the
dialog: matter son. You lost your feeling?
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: (Flatly)
dialog: No Sir. I ain't lost no feeling.
text: SILENCE. James tunes into the vibe for the first time.
dialog: SOMETHING's wrong.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (Innocently)
dialog: Something wrong, Maceo?
dialog: (SILENCE. Directly)
dialog: Is something wrong, Maceo?
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: James-
text: James rounds on Bobby.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You got something to say Mr. Byrd?
dialog: (Silence. Smiling)
dialog: Because a man got something to say
dialog: he should say it. You got something
dialog: to say?
text: SILENCE. Vicki looks away. All at once James loses it.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: (Shouting)
dialog: Well then you just HOLDING UP THE
text: REHEARSAL Mr. Byrd.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't have people HOLDING UP THE
dialog: REHEARSAL. If I can't do it right I
dialog: ain't gone do it at all. We got to
dialog: GET ON. GET AHEAD. Now you know the
dialog: rule.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You late, you off or you hold us
dialog: up, it's no good, Mr. Byrd. Its
dialog: gonna cost you 50 dollars.
text: Bobby's jaw tightens. Everyone holds their breath.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Now are you ready Mr. Byrd. Are you
dialog: ready Mr. Byrd?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: Yes, Mr. Brown.
text: James glances to Vicki and winks.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Good. I ain't fattening frogs for
dialog: snakes. From the top. One Two...
text: COLD SWEAT resumes. Bobby sings his backing part.
text: James stands in the middle of the floor. Its good but-
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Quit it.
dialog: (They all stop)
dialog: Clyde man. Lets get that POP! Dee..
dialog: app..POP! Unnerstand? It drop
dialog: before you reach the beat. Dig?
text: Jimmy Nolen looks worriedly at Pee Wee.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: (Whispers to Waymon)
dialog: Does he mean top of the bar?
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: (To Maceo)
dialog: He means the down beat.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It goin' wrong there Pee Wee, when
text: it rise up.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: But Mr. Brown.
text: Maceo pauses and waits to be acknowledged by James. James
text: turns and glares at Maceo.
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: MACEO (CONT'D)
dialog: We rehearsed it like you told us.
dialog: We got it like you like it.
dialog: Jimmy can't do that with the part
dialog: he's playing. We can change the
dialog: part if you want.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: (Suddenly angry)
dialog: Did I say change the part? Don't
dialog: change the part. How many records
dialog: you got?
text: James sarcastically responds to Maceo's silence.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you! I like the part he
dialog: playin' now. I just want it in a
dialog: different place.
text: Blank stares from the band. James walks over to Clyde's snare
dialog: and points.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What's this, Maceo.
speaker_heading: MACEO.
dialog: It's a snare, Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: A snare what?
speaker_heading: MACEO.
dialog: Drum.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Correct.
text: James moves over to Jimmy. Points to his guitar.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What's this, Maceo?
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: Guitar, Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No it's not.
text: James goes back to Clyde and points to Maceo's sax
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that, Pee Wee?
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: PEE WEE.
dialog: A drum, Mr. Brown?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Now you're getting it.
text: James crosses to Pinckney and points to Odum's guitar
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that he's holding.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: A drum?
text: James points to the horn section.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You Fellas. What are those shiny
dialog: things you holding.
scene_heading: EVERYBODY IN THE ROOM
dialog: Drums.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Now we all got our drums. Now when
dialog: you're playing the drum it don't
dialog: matter what key you're in, what bar
dialog: your in or what planet you on.
dialog: Dig?
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: (With trepidation)
dialog: But Mr. Brown.
text: Maceo pauses and waits for JB to acknowledge him.
speaker_heading: MACEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Clyde'll be in a different time to
dialog: the rest of the band. That doesn't
dialog: work musically.
dialog: They all know it.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: But does it sound good?
text: The band nods.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN (CONT'D)
dialog: Does it feel good?
dialog: More nods.
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN (CONT'D)
dialog: Then it's musical. So play it like
text: I say. From the top.
text: The groove of COLD SWEAT comes to life. The beat heavier,
text: almost irregular but actually in the pocket, the horns and
text: Bass clipped, drum-like, the off rhythm of Jimmy's guitar
text: bringing the whole room together.
scene_heading: 119A EXT. POOL AREA BAR. SAME TIME. 119A
text: Our racist couple has now bellied up to an outside bar. Cold
text: Sweat leaks out into the bar area.
text: Unable to help themselves, the couple rises and begins to
dialog: dance.
scene_heading: 119B BACK INSIDE THE REHEARSAL: 119B
dialog: The band is really hitting it hard. Vicky, Bobby...everyone
dialog: feelin' it.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Mmmn! Huh! Now that a groove.
text: By God it is. James starts singing the cut.
speaker_heading: 120 120
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BAR. NIGHT. 1967
text: The recording session is over. James has long since gone.
text: Maceo and Bobby relax at the bar.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: Bobby, James Brown's my meal
dialog: ticket. So I just shut my ears and
dialog: chomp down his bullshit. But why
dialog: you soak it up man? You his best
dialog: friend. You know him for time
dialog: brother. And he treat you like
dialog: that. I was you I'd bust him in his
dialog: damn mouth.
text: Bobby Byrd nods his head.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: I hang in there cause I remember
dialog: the day that I knew. Knew I was
dialog: never gonna be in front.
text: He looks at Maceo with a calm, measured sense of reality.
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD (CONT'D)
dialog: You work so hard at this one thing
dialog: and then one day you realize it
dialog: ain't supposed to be you. You can
dialog: get mad. Try to fight it but if
dialog: it's God's truth. It's God's truth.
dialog: James is supposed to be in front. I
text: saw it happen. And the man in front
dialog: has to BE the man in front. It
dialog: ain't always pretty but that's the
dialog: man's responsibility if he wanna
dialog: stay there. And you and me can't
dialog: know what that is. We ain't
dialog: supposed to. So, don't lie to
dialog: yourself Maceo.
dialog: Every man in this band walks taller
dialog: because he with James Brown. Every
dialog: man in this band believe in himself
dialog: a little more because he's with
dialog: James Brown.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: You sure you just ain't too scared
dialog: to be in the front?
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: No. But my ears a' open. Open your
dialog: ears, Maceo. He's a genius. And
dialog: he's takin' us with him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 121 121
scene_heading: INT. KING RECORDING STUDIO. DAY. 1968 JAMES 35 YRS
text: Boiling studio. James drenched in sweat howls at the
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Mother, she got to have. Say, you
dialog: got to have a mother for me. Yeah,
dialog: popcorn!
text: The band sit right into the groove of MOTHER POPCORN and
text: sweet thunder rolls onto another master tape. Everyone's eyes
text: are glued to James standing in the centre: directing them
text: with body movements and gestures, playing the whole band like
text: a single instrument.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Quit it.
dialog: (They stop.)
dialog: We missing something.
text: (They look at each other. It was perfect.)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Pee Wee, get over here by the
dialog: microphone. And bring that horn
dialog: box. That's where you keep the wig,
dialog: right?
dialog: They all stop. Oh. Shit.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: Mr. Brown?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Now Pee Wee stands at the Microphone, uncomfortable, with the
text: wig on, singing the song.
text: James is in with the horns, who are all crying with laughter,
text: enjoying the hell out of this rare moment of levity. James,
text: deadpan, eggs him on. Pee Wee calls for a horn solo from him.
text: SUDDENLY there's a commotion in the mixing booth. James
text: brings them to a stop.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What is it? Why we stop Henry?
text: The engineers hands go to their faces. Shaking heads.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What? What is it?
text: Bobby enters the room.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
text: It's King. They shot Dr. King.
speaker_heading: 121A 121A
scene_heading: BLACKOUT: SFX: BURNING. SIRENS. GUNFIRE.
text: TELEVISION FOOTAGE. Riots all over America. Police beating
text: back groups of rioting youths.
scene_heading: 122 INT. KING RECORDS - SYD NATHAN'S OFFICE - NIGHT. 122
text: James sits watching the carnage unfold. Ben Bart knocks and
dialog: enters
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Jimmy, Mayor of Boston's office
dialog: called. Wanted you to know they've
dialog: cancelled tomorrow's show at the
dialog: Garden. For reasons of public
text: safety. He's worried about rioting.
dialog: 102
text: James doesn't look away from the screen.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Tell the Mayor, I sold 30 million
dialog: records and ninety five percent of
dialog: them are to the black community.
dialog: They listen to me. They won't riot
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: We have virtual race war looming
dialog: across the South, Jimmy. Politics,
dialog: 101? Don't put 10,000 angry blacks
text: together in one place in the middle
dialog: of a city, and broadcast it live to
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Get the Mayor on the phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 123 123
scene_heading: INT. KING RECORDS. SYD NATHAN'S OFFICE - NIGHT.
text: James is on the phone with the mayor
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Mr. Mayor, the way I see it, you
dialog: already lost your next election.
dialog: You lost it at 7:05 PM Memphis
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124 INT. BOSTON MAYOR OFFICE - NIGHT. 124
text: The mayor listens intently with the phone pressed to his ear.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Now tomorrow night, you either got
dialog: 10,000 angry folks in the Boston
dialog: Garden, or you got 10,000 angry
dialog: folks on your front lawn. Take your
dialog: pick son. Which one you want?
speaker_heading: 125 125
scene_heading: INT. BOSTON GARDENS. NIGHT. 1968 JAMES 35 YRS
text: Tension in the air. Police on every exit. Dogs. On stage,
text: MAYOR WHITE speaks to a restless audience.
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: All of us are here to night to
dialog: listen to a great talent. James
dialog: Brown. But we're also here to pay
dialog: tribute to one of the greatest
dialog: Americans, Dr. Martin Luther King.
dialog: So, let us look at each other and pledge that
dialog: whatever else any other community might do we in
dialog: Boston will honour Dr. King in peace.
text: James steps forward.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Brother before I get to this next
dialog: thing I wanna say. He's a young man
dialog: you dig.
text: He's a young man so he's thinking
dialog: together. The man is together. Give
text: him another round of applause.
text: James watches the restless, shouting, crowd. He looks at the
text: cameramen. The tension is unbearable. He lets it build.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Hit it.
text: A fast, rhythmic drum solo. Building. Faces in the crowd. The
text: police. Tense promoters and politicians to the beating
dialog: rhythms.
text: The band whipcrack into I GOT THE FEELING. James pulsates.
text: Spins. Pushes the stand away. Zip! It's back.
text: A kid at the front gets onto the stage and sprints for James
text: only to be tackled by James' security. Another clambers up
text: but is kicked back by a police officer. The audience react
dialog: badly.
text: Another kid gets on stage and cops harshly push him to the
text: floor and throw him back into the audience. Police come out
text: onto the right side of the stage and shine torches down into
text: the audience. They shove people back down.
text: A kid in a white jacket leaps on stage right in front of
text: James. For a moment everyone stops. A white cop appears from
text: nowhere and viciously bodychecks the kid back into the front
text: row in full view of the cameras.
text: The mayor stands in the wings flanked by policemen. Dede
text: stands behind them watching nervously.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Oh no.
dialog: 104
text: On stage James stops the band.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Wait a minute. Step off. Move off.
dialog: I'll be a'ight here. I be fine.
text: James waves the police off the stage on either side to cheers
text: and whistles from the audience.
text: Suddenly a ten year old kid appears next to James from out of
text: the audience. He seems amazed to find himself there.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you wanna dance son? You dance.
text: No longer held back by police more kids invade the stage.
text: James respects them all, shaking hands and looking at them
text: eye to eye. Kids throng around him on stage. He's losing
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon. C'mon now. Y'all go down. Go
dialog: back down. Don't nobody else come
dialog: up. Wait a minute. Wait. Ladies and
dialog: gentleman. This is no way. This is.
dialog: We are black. We are black.
dialog: (Cheers.)
dialog: Wait a minute go back. Can't y'all
dialog: go back down and lets do the show
dialog: together. We're black don't make us
dialog: all look bad. Let me finish the
dialog: show. Step down there. Be a
dialog: gentleman. Lets represent our own
dialog: selves. Lets represent our own
dialog: selves.
text: One by one they step back down into the crowd.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I ask the police to step back
dialog: because I figure I could get some
dialog: respect from my own people. Now we
dialog: together ain't we.
dialog: (Cheers! Screams!)
dialog: Hit that thing man.
text: The band strike back up and James kicks back into "I Can't
text: Stand Myself" The stage clear. The crowd calmed. The panic
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (to a policeman)
dialog: Holy shit. He did it.
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: DEDE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Of course he did.
text: Dede smiles proudly.
text: I Don't Want Nobody To Give Me Nothing kicks in over intercut
text: Archival footage of Newscasters discussing the last minute
dialog: decision for the concert to go ahead.
dialog: 126 126
scene_heading: INT. ARCHIVAL NEWS REPORT.
text: HEADLINE, under a picture of James: RACIAL PEACE RESTORED IN
scene_heading: CAPITOL AFTER RIOTING.
scene_heading: ARCHIVAL NEWS REPORT
dialog: City officials in Washington DC
dialog: have praised James Brown. Order has
text: returned to the city hit by rioting
dialog: largely because of radio and
dialog: television appeals from the soul
text: singer over the weekend.
text: OVER JAMES' PERFORMANCE AT THE GARDEN AS YOUNG BLACK GUYS
speaker_heading: DANCE.
speaker_heading: JAMES (V.O.)
dialog: In America today you've either got
dialog: to be an entertainer or a ball
dialog: player or what? If you poor, young
dialog: and black, what is there? And you
dialog: ask me why they on the street? It
dialog: ain't politics we watchin'. It's
dialog: economics.
dialog: 127 127
scene_heading: INT. JAMES BROWN PRODUCTIONS LEAR JET. NIGHT.
text: James is on the plane with Ben Bart.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You got kids out there that can't
dialog: eat, robbing and stealing and doing
dialog: what they have to do to make it.
dialog: And if you don't do something about
dialog: it we gonna lose the country. I go
dialog: to Harlem, talk to Rap Brown, talk
dialog: to the Nation they call me a
dialog: separatist. Here we're on our way
dialog: to the White House, Pop, and they
dialog: already calling me an Uncle Tom. So
dialog: what I supposed to do?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Write a check for Rap so he buy
text: rifles, machine guns, rally on
dialog: 125th and take it south? What it
dialog: say to you, a street kid from
dialog: Augusta, Georgia in the White
dialog: House?
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: It says you kissin' up to the Man
dialog: James.
dialog: James is taken aback. No-one else in the world could say
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You asking me to turn this plane
dialog: around and stand up the President?
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: No. I'm saying who gives a shit.
dialog: You're already screwed, James.
dialog: Think about it. If you stand up
dialog: Lyndon Johnson to go kiss up to the
dialog: Panthers, you ain't gone be playin'
dialog: Vegas anytime soon because if they
dialog: think you can stop a riot, they
dialog: sure as hell will expect you to
dialog: start one.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So here I am. Just a sorry soul
text: brother whining inside his private
dialog: jet, huh?
text: They both laugh. But James is troubled. Bart tone changes.
speaker_heading: BART
dialog: Don't be scared my friend. Because
dialog: if you're scared, it doesn't end
dialog: well for the black man. Do your
dialog: thing, James.
text: (He looks at him hard)
dialog: It's worked for you so far.
scene_heading: 128 INT. WHITE HOUSE - NEXT MORNING - 1968 128
text: CLOSE ON JAMES WITH HIS HEAD TILTED BACK TALKING UPWARD:
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I want to go to Vietnam. I want to
dialog: show unity for the boys out there.
text: The beleaguered, the tired and in
dialog: the dark.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: And we need to bring awareness, and
dialog: Mr. President, we need to bring the
dialog: super heavy funk.
text: We widen to see 5'7" James looking up to the 6'4" Lyndon
text: Johnson. President Johnson shakes James' hand.
scene_heading: 128A INT. HANGER. VIETNAM. 128A
text: We are now back in Vietnam at the hanger concert. James
text: looks right at us.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Take it and flip it.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. GOLF COURSE - MORNING. 129
text: Ben Bart is playing golf with several friends. Bart drives
text: the ball straight and hard. We watch as the ball land three
text: hundred yards down the runway.
text: Back on the tee box. Ben Bart lays face down dead in the
text: turf. His friends race to his side in shock.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON:
text: Ben's face is pressed sideways on the grass. His opened,
text: dead eyes stare right at us.
scene_heading: 130 EXT. CEMETERY - DAY 130
text: A casket lays at the bottom of a grave that has been dug.
text: TEN MALE FUNERAL ATTENDEES IN SUITS AND YAMMAKAS take turns
text: shoveling dirt onto Ben Bart's casket.
text: Dede and James stand to the side. Completely distraught.
text: James starts to panic and lowers to the ground. Dede catches
text: him under the arm.
text: One of the men approach James with the shovel. James can't
text: bring himself to put dirt on the casket.
dialog: 131 131
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO. LOS ANGELES. NIGHT.
text: BAND MEMBERS FITTED WITH THEIR AFRICAN DASHIKIS are rolling a
text: funky vamp together into a groove. Clyde hits a fat `pop pop'
text: beat. Sweet Charles locks the bass line in to the beat.
text: Country finds a chunky B-flat-9 rhythm on the guitar and the
text: groove takes shape.
dialog: 108
text: The door opens. James and Teddy walk in. James and Teddy's
text: hair is cut into a short natural. Everyone looks at each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hit it.
text: The band starts. James makes a few adjustments. Jimmy Nolen
text: strikes up a womp-womp sound on a single string. The horns do
dialog: the James trademark ladidadidat.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Quit it.
text: (he pushes the intercom to the booth)
dialog: Bring `em in.
text: The door opens. 32 children enter the room. Most kids are
text: black, except for a few Mexican children. Dede and Teddy are
text: there, along with some of James' other kids.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: How we all doin'. Hope this ain't
dialog: too late for you folks.
text: James and Teddy stand before the group. James puts his arms
text: around Teddy as he addresses the kids.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I brought you all here today so I
dialog: could tell you something very
dialog: important.
dialog: I want you all to know that you can
dialog: do or be anything you want in this
dialog: world. Don't let anybody tell you
dialog: anything different. You understand?
dialog: When I was a boy I used to shine
text: shoes in front of radio station.
dialog: Now I own that radio station. You
dialog: got to build it. And then you gotta
dialog: learn it... and that's when you
dialog: earn it.
text: James gets all the kids around one mic. He puts Dede and
text: Teddy to the side of the kids.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Later everyone is cued. Maceo whispers to Pee Wee Ellis.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: You think they fuck up he gone take
dialog: they pocket money.
text: Pee Wee laughs and nods his head.
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We ready fellas?
text: The groove starts again. James flies into I'm Black and I'm
dialog: Proud.
text: WHICH PLAYS OVER ADDRESSING US DIRECTLY
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I think about a lot of things.
dialog: About problems. About solutions.
dialog: You know one way of solving a lot
dialog: of problems that we've got in this
dialog: country...is letting a person feel
dialog: that they important.
dialog: Feel that they somebody. It's it.
dialog: Man can't get hisself together...
dialog: ...until he know who he is and be
dialog: proud of what and who he is and
dialog: where he come from! WHERE WE ALL
speaker_heading: COME FROM!
text: James leaves us and continues with the song. He looks to the
dialog: children
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Say it loud!
text: They scream into the mic.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: I'm Black and I'm Proud!
text: James catches eyes with Teddy. He nods proudly. Teddy smiles.
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN - GHETTO REALITY BEGINS TO PLAY AND CONTINUES
text: OVER THE NEXT FEW SCENES
scene_heading: 131A EXT. AUNT HONEY'S 1968 HOUSE IN THE LATTER YEARS - DAY 131A
text: James and Teddy pull up in front of a small shotgun house in
text: the Terry. They exit and walk up to the house.
scene_heading: 131B INT. 1968 AUNT HONEY'S 1968 HOUSE IN THE LATTER YEARS- 131B
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Aunt Honey, now 70, sits in a chair in front of a small TV.
text: We soon gather that she has "retired" and is at the end of
dialog: her colorful life.
dialog: James has brought Teddy to meet Aunt Honey for the first
dialog: time.
dialog: 110
text: Teddy extends his hand toward Aunt Honey. Aunt Honey shakes
text: his hand and then brings him in close for an embrace.
speaker_heading: 132-134 OMITTED 132-134
scene_heading: 135 INT. JAMES BROWN PRODUCTIONS. JAMES BROWN'S OFFICE. NIGHT 135
text: James is standing in his office bathroom smoking a joint. He
text: lights it and has four or five epic pulls as he scans the
text: walls admiring his framed accolades and gold records.
scene_heading: END GHETTO REALITY:
scene_heading: 135AA INT. JAMES BROWN PRODUCTIONS. NEXT MORNING. 135AA
text: James Brown enters his recording booth to find Teddy at the
text: controls. Gertie sits in a chair behind Teddy.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You the man, Teddy Brown?
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I'm the man, Mr. Brown.
text: James notices the band sitting idle on the other side of the
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Gertie. The band ready?
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: They're ready Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Don't look like it.
text: James grabs Teddy.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come watch how Poppa don't take no
dialog: mess.
text: He and Teddy walk straight into the-
speaker_heading: 135A 135A
scene_heading: INT. JAMES BROWN PRODUCTIONS. STUDIO. DAY.
text: The band is there.
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Y'all act like y'all don't know
dialog: what time it is. What you doin'?
text: Nothing happens. James looks Maceo in the eye. Maceo
dialog: approaches.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: I've been elected spokesman to
dialog: speak on behalf of the band.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Spokesman? Elected?
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: We asked to get paid on time. We
dialog: haven't been paid in weeks. We
dialog: asked for scheduled days off. Every
dialog: day off we get you make us
dialog: rehearse.. We asked to get paid for
dialog: recording but you included it in
dialog: our salary.
text: James turns to Teddy. The two stare at each other.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Teddy, go on and wait outside.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Yes, Sir.
text: Teddy exits.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fellas. I hear ya. I really do. And
dialog: I appreciate the honesty. That
dialog: can't be easy. No Sir. You got
dialog: grievances. You got your own selves
dialog: to think about. Hell, you're men. I
dialog: dig it.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: I don't think you understand.
text: James looks to Bobby.
speaker_heading: MACEO
dialog: We know you owe the government back
dialog: taxes.
dialog: Your restaurant, radio stations,
dialog: recording studios, labels, all
dialog: different businesses, Unaccounted
text: cash passing between them.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: MACEO (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a mess, Mr. Brown and if you
dialog: want us to be a part of it, we
dialog: gonna need our cash too. Right now.
text: James looks at them all for a very long time hiding his
dialog: shame.
speaker_heading: MACEO (CONT'D)
dialog: And most of all none of us ever
dialog: want to be fined for anything ever
dialog: again.
text: James nods. Studying them.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: I'll tell ya what I'm gonna do. I'm
dialog: gonna think about it. That's all.
text: They look at each other and file out. Waymon, Pee Wee, Maceo,
text: Kush and Jimmy Nolen file out. Leaving Bobby and James alone.
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
text: He looks at the empty room. Smiling. Unable to show any pain.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: (He shakes his head.)
dialog: It's like I always say Bobby. You
dialog: gotta know who you are. You got to
dialog: know where you are in this world.
dialog: Five minutes ago, those boys were
dialog: the best band on the planet. Now
dialog: they nothing. Now they a bunch of
dialog: sidemen with their hearts beatin'
dialog: fast. Maceo comin' in here talking
dialog: about my taxes. All I've done for
dialog: this country and they comin' after
dialog: James Brown? How you gone keep
dialog: everybody happy? Huh? And stay on
dialog: top? You along for the ride while
dialog: everything is groovy and now they
dialog: gone kick me when I'm down? People
text: either on the bus or they off it.
text: James crosses to the door and opens it for Bobby to exit
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: (He turns to Bobby.)
dialog: Well go on. Get out of here.
dialog: Y'might catch `em they gone need a
dialog: singer.
text: Bobby rises and walks past James into the foyer. He turns.
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Negro, what makes you think I'm
dialog: leaving? I been here all the time,
dialog: Mr. Brown. I'm still here.
text: James looks at Bobby.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: See that's the thing about the
dialog: funk. The funk don't quit.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Last time I checked.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Cause if the funk gone up'n'quit
dialog: that's it.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That's why the funk don't quit.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Are we done here Mr. Byrd?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'm afraid we ain't Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Are we done?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I think we got more funk in the
dialog: trunk.
text: James laughs.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's right. Two Musketeers.
text: Bobby looks at James. Remembers. Beams. James beams back.
text: Then, James is all business.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What's those kids from Cincinnati.
dialog: The New Dapps...Blackenizers? Who
dialog: that kid play bass?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (Smiles)
dialog: Bootsy.
dialog: 114
scene_heading: 135B INT. OLYMPIA THEATRE 135B
text: A pre-show theater in action with stagehands and riggers busy
text: setting up. The new kids are now all in suits and bow ties.
speaker_heading: CATFISH
dialog: Fancy suit bro'.
speaker_heading: BOOTSY
dialog: Backatcha slick. How you doin,
dialog: Chicken?
speaker_heading: CHICKEN
dialog: Just shit my pants.
speaker_heading: BOOTSY
dialog: Easy now. Don't forget. Don't ever
dialog: call him James or nothin'. He ain't
dialog: no-one but Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: CATFISH CHICKEN
dialog: Check. Gotcha.
text: James Brown walks in from the wings. They all stand
text: straighter. He looks at them.
speaker_heading: BOOTSY (CONT'D)
dialog: Good evening Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: CHICKEN CATFISH
dialog: Mr. Brown. Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Do that button up son.
dialog: (Chicken does)
dialog: You know Kansas City?
dialog: (Blank faces)
dialog: You know Cold Sweat? Do you know
dialog: Please Please?
speaker_heading: BOOTSY
dialog: Can I stop you Mr. Brown. We been
dialog: learning off yo' records since we
dialog: was nine years old. You already
dialog: taught us the songs. So with
dialog: respect. We ready. Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: They say they ready Mr. Byrd. What
dialog: you think?
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: CATFISH
dialog: We been waiting for this moment our
dialog: entire lives, Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: How old are you son?
speaker_heading: CATFISH
dialog: Twenty.
dialog: (Then)
dialog: Mr. Brown.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Cats know Super Bad?
text: Bootsy lays down a mammoth bass line on his plugged in bass.
speaker_heading: 135C 135C
scene_heading: INT. PARIS HOTEL ROOM. LATE AFTERNOON.
text: The backup singer, Yvonne, nude, carries two glasses of
text: champagne from a wet bar to a very sweaty James who is lying
dialog: in bed.
speaker_heading: YVONNE
dialog: Why won't you say it? I said it.
dialog: Why won't you say it back?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Baby, I gotta get to my show. I
dialog: can't be playin' around right now
speaker_heading: YVONNE
dialog: I love you.
text: Yvonne rests the cold glass on James' stomach. He squirms.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You know I don't drink.
text: Yvonne pours a little champagne onto James' stomach. She
text: then begins licking it with her tongue.
speaker_heading: YVONNE
dialog: Say it, Mr. Brown. Say you love me.
text: In a flash James rolls over and pins Yvonne down on her back.
text: She screams with delight.
text: He whispers in her ear.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Happy now?
dialog: 116
text: She kisses him.
speaker_heading: YVONNE
dialog: I'm pregnant.
text: James stares back at her without expression.
scene_heading: 135D FLASH FORWARD - ADULT JAMES, IMMACULATE, LOOKING AT US. 135D
text: THE SKYLINE OF PARIS IS BEHIND HIM. 1971
text: James walks along the outside of Olympia Theatre in Paris in
text: full costume.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Now it's true, we work hard. A man
dialog: gotta work hard if he wanna break
dialog: ground. And we breaking new ground
dialog: everyday...
text: James enter the theatre front door.
scene_heading: 135E INT. OLYMPIA THEATRE. LOBBY. CONTINUOUS. 135E
text: James begins walking toward us.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: My record Live at the Apollo is the
dialog: first R&amp;B album in the history of
dialog: the world to go top ten. Stayed up
dialog: in there for 66 weeks..
text: James walks into the rear of the packed house.
text: GIRLS AND GUYS SCREAMING, DANCING. JAMES IS INVISIBLE TO
speaker_heading: THEM.
text: From the rear of the house, James watches himself and the
text: band performing on stage. He and his band are IN MID-GROOVE.
text: A BEAUTIFUL BLACK DANCER DANCES ON A RISER BEHIND THE BAND.
text: Vicki Anderson, sings backup.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: That record come across. I mean it
dialog: hit hard!!! Uhn!
scene_heading: 135F INT. OLYMPIA THEATRE. STAGE. CONTINUOUS. 135F
text: James walks among his performing band members. He watches
text: himself on stage at the microphone driving the crowd crazy.
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And slowly, the whole World knew
dialog: who we were.
text: James walks to each band member and places a twenty dollar
text: bill in each of their pockets. They don't see the James who
text: is talking directly to us.
text: He straightens a band members tie. James turns to stage left
text: and sees his son, Teddy Brown, dancing. He then gives Yvonne
text: a wink who's also standing in the wings looking HOT.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: See in showbusiness, you got two
dialog: parts. You got the show and you got
dialog: the business. And brother.
dialog: (Deadly serious)
dialog: You better believe. You looking at
dialog: both.
text: He spins around and runs up to the microphone. He replaces
text: himself and begins to sing.
text: SCREAMS. HORNS VAMPING. James performs out of his skin. A
text: medley of three songs, "Soul Power," into "Sex Machine," into
dialog: "Super Bad".
dialog: Backup dancers and singers are tearing it up!
text: On James' signal the rag tag band of kids behind the
text: godfather of soul take off like a rocket ship into one of the
text: above songs. It sounds nothing like the old version. Its raw
text: urgent, stripped down. The Bootsy's bass rumbles like trouble
text: brewing and Catfish's over driven guitar slicing clean
text: through the hook.
text: Before them a standing room crown dance and sing from the
text: stage to all the way back to entrance
text: James and Bobby look at each other. Holy shit.
text: James drops into the splits, flips up again.
text: The crowd is seeing something for the first time on European
text: soil. They erupt with joy and begin dancing in their seats.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 136-138 OMITTED 136-138
dialog: 118
dialog: 139 139
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIA STAGE. SAME NIGHT.
text: The crowd has left. A custodian roams the isles picking up
text: trash. James and Bobby sit on the edge of an empty stage,
dialog: laughing.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You know what I think? After we put
dialog: out my next solo album, I bet I
dialog: could play Paris or the Apollo.
speaker_heading: James TUNES IN
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I was just saying when me and you
dialog: put out my new record, I bet I
dialog: could fill this place all myself.
dialog: No problem.
text: James stiffens at this comment.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: What the hell you talking about?
dialog: "Fill this place all myself"? "No
dialog: problem?" You sayin' I'm slippin'?
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: No I don't think you slippin'. You
dialog: James Brown. You ain't never
dialog: slippin'. I was just...
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: People copy me, Mr. Byrd. People
dialog: gonna copy my moves till the earth
dialog: goes dark. You understand? You
dialog: think people are gonna buy that
dialog: record like they buy my record?
dialog: That what you sayin'?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Who you been tellin' this too? You
dialog: been telling that to the Apollo?
text: Bobby gets mad.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No, James! I haven't told nobody
dialog: but you. We were just talking.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought you be cool with that.
dialog: You always been talking about...
dialog: About... About... standin' on my
dialog: own feet.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Bobby, how you gone stand on your
dialog: own feet? You just spent twenty
dialog: years gettin' fat on a man's
dialog: dollar. I produce a record for you
dialog: and now it's gone to your head.
dialog: You go talking big behind my back.
dialog: You go sneaking round, raising heat
dialog: off another man's name. We here, we
dialog: doing something and you making
dialog: plans sucker?
text: Bobby gets more upset. He's using a tone with James we've
dialog: never heard before.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (Shouting)
dialog: I ain't told nobody or made any
dialog: plans. We just talkin' about it.
dialog: Now. That's it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm ashamed of you, Bobby. And you
dialog: should be ashamed of you. Now you
dialog: tryin' to run around with Vicki.
dialog: Don't jive yourself bro'. Now,
dialog: Vicki, she could fill this place.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Well, Vicki ain't yours. So, Vicki
dialog: and me ain't none of your damn
dialog: business.
text: James smiles.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But she's been my business before.
text: Bobby walks up close to James and stares him in the eye. He
text: balls his fist.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I can't do this no more, James.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: Damn right you can't do this no
dialog: more.
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I said I can't do this no more.
text: James looks absolutely poleaxed. THEN. He laughs. And looks
text: at Bobby, almost affectionately.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: See, the funny part. You say that
dialog: like it's a big thing. Like
dialog: "oh my God, Bobby Byrd gone leave
dialog: James Brown on his own."
text: Bobby fights to control himself. To find anything left to
dialog: give.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I ain't leaving you on your own,
dialog: Mr. Brown. You already on your own.
dialog: Always were.
text: He shakes his head and walks across the stage. He turns.
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that God too?
text: Bobby turns and leaves James ALONE.
speaker_heading: 140 140
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIA. NIGHT. 1970
text: Bobby walks across the big empty stage and for a split second
text: looks right at us. He continues past us and away.
speaker_heading: CROSSFADE TO:
dialog: 141 141
scene_heading: INT. APOLLO CORRIDOR / DRESSING ROOM.
text: FLASHBACK - Corridor in 1962. The Night of Live At The
dialog: Apollo.
text: MUSIC: Wonder When You're Coming Home plays over:
text: A woman in a flower print dress and a cheap hat sits on a
text: bench with a coat over her arm. A young Bobby comes out of
text: the dressing room. She stands.
speaker_heading: 142 142
scene_heading: INT. APOLLO DRESSING ROOM. NIGHT.
text: BOOM! A flashbulb goes off.
dialog: 121
text: James sits next to his mother, on a couch, SMILING Happily,
text: having the moment documented. She is smiling too. Bobby and
text: other guests in the room watch the photographers.
text: The photographer is ushered out of the room by Bobby Byrd.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Bobby? Get everybody out of here
dialog: and wait outside.
text: Bobby ushers the guests outside.
text: James sits opposite his mother. She is very, very
text: uncomfortable but trying to appear relaxed.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I was on the Subway last week, and
dialog: the two kids next to me was arguing
dialog: who was the best, James Brown or
dialog: Little Willy John. And this one
dialog: boy, he was saying "James Brown the
dialog: best" "There ain't no one better
dialog: than James Brown", he got so mad I
dialog: thought he was gonna whup this
dialog: other boy. And then-
text: James holds up his hand. She falls silent.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why tonight?
text: (She stops, her face falls.)
dialog: Why you come here?
text: She starts to flap.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Well. Sugar, I live over in
dialog: Brooklyn... and you my baby and you
dialog: here playin' the Apollo.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I don't want you to feel proud.
dialog: I ain't your sugar. I ain't your
dialog: baby. Not then. Not now. And I
dialog: don't want you to tell anyone you
dialog: my momma, because you and me know
dialog: that ain't true.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: Your daddy beat me. Beat you. I
dialog: stayed because I loved you. I
dialog: didn't know nothin' about being a
dialog: wife. Nothin' about being a mother.
dialog: I did the best I could. I did that.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: SUSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I left because I loved you. I ain't
dialog: had nothing to make no other
dialog: choice. I was shamed. I was.
text: He holds up his hand.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: See I thought about this. I know it
dialog: weren't personal and that's why
dialog: this ain't neither. It turned out
dialog: fine. I didn't need you. I looked
dialog: after James Brown. Made sure he was
dialog: OK. No-one else. No-one help me.
text: She starts to cry.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: I never wanted to be a momma. But I
dialog: carried you, boy. I didn't know
dialog: nothin' about being a wife or being
dialog: a momma. But I carried you and I
dialog: loved you when you were in me. I
dialog: chose you. I chose you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry.
text: He stiffly offers her a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Clean yourself up. That's it.
text: James softens.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm James Brown. And James Brown
dialog: don't need nothing. Don't need no-
dialog: body.
text: Susie looks back a James. She doesn't move.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you really here? What do
dialog: you want?
text: She shakes her head, searching his face. James looks back
text: unmoved. James reaches in is pocket and pulls out some money.
text: He hands it to her.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. That's a hundred dollars.
dialog: I'm sorry but I'm gonna ask you to
dialog: leave now.
dialog: 123
text: He sits perfectly still as she gets up. She walks to the door
text: and turns to James.
speaker_heading: SUSIE
dialog: You're so beautiful. You're so
dialog: pretty.
text: Susie exits into the party outside and shuts the door.
scene_heading: 143 EXT. CABIN - BARNWELL S.C. 1941. JAMES 8 YRS 143
text: We return to the day that Susie left. We stay on her face as
text: she leaves her family behind. Tears stream down her cheek.
text: James tries to chase after his mother but Joe restrains him.
text: Joe pulls a pistol from his belt. He fires.
text: Bark explodes from a tree a few feet from where Susie is
dialog: walking.
text: Susie flinches but never turns.
dialog: 144 144
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR.
text: Bobby waits. The door opens, and Susie comes out, tears in
text: her eyes. She looks wildly into Bobby's face who has clearly
text: heard everything. She runs off down the corridor.
text: Bobby looks through the open door. Devastated, James sits
text: staring at the floor. He looks up at Bobby.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Tell Pop to make sure she's taken
dialog: care of. Whatever she needs.
text: As Bobby nods, James gets up, walks over to the door, and
text: slowly closes it.
scene_heading: 145 INT. JAMES BROWN'S HOME. 1988. 18 YEARS LATER. 145
speaker_heading: JAMES 55 YRS
text: CLOSE ON - Numerous framed pictures of Teddy span all ages of
text: his life now fill the top of James' dresser.
text: We widen to find James Brown sitting very alone in his
text: bedroom staring at the pictures of his son.
text: He wears a bathrobe. His hair is up in rollers. He's twitchy
dialog: and sweating.
dialog: 124
text: He raises a glass pipe to his mouth, lites the PCP within and
text: inhales it.
speaker_heading: 146 146
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD. LATER THAT DAY. 1988
text: A peaceful road. SUDDENLY - a pickup truck passes at a
text: hundred MPH. FOLLOWED.. A MOMENT LATER - by nine cop cars.
text: A cop car pulls up next to James' truck. James looks to the
dialog: car.
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION SEQUENCE:
text: In the front a cop drives but James' father, Joe, rides in
text: the back next to his mother, Susie. They stare blankly at
dialog: James.
text: Glass shatters in the truck.
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION ENDS.
text: James turns back to the cop car next to him. The vision of
text: his parents is gone.
text: Two cops ride together. The cop in the front seat aims his
text: revolver directly at James. It's clear he intends to kill
dialog: him.
text: James speeds up as the cop fires. The bullet strikes the
text: truck just behind him.
dialog: 147 147
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEL PITTS. 1988. DAY.
text: The pickup truck rolls to a stop. Police cars from different
text: jurisdictions take up positions blocking exit routes.
speaker_heading: 148 148
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. PICKUP TRUCK/ GRAVEL PITTS. DAY.
text: James sits staring straight ahead. Breathing hard.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm OK. I'm OK. I'm OK.
speaker_heading: LOUD HAILER
text: EXIT THE VEHICLE WITH YOUR HANDS
dialog: ABOVE YOUR HEAD. DO NOT RUN. DO NOT
text: ATTEMPT TO START THE VEHICLE.
text: James opens the door scattering glass onto the tarmac.
dialog: 125
text: Around the perimeter armed police tense. Keeping James in
dialog: their sights.
text: ONLY NOW, YOUNG JAMES STANDS IN PLACE OF HIS ADULT SELF. He
text: stands next to the bullet riddled wreckage of his pickup,
text: hands above his head. He leans back and sings to the sky.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JAMES
dialog: "I Don't Feel Noways Tired"
dialog: 149 149
scene_heading: INT. PRISON WING. DAY. 1988
text: A warden walks a dishevelled James along the corridor. They
text: stop. The cell door buzzes open. They put him in the cell.
speaker_heading: 150 150
scene_heading: INT. CELL. DAY.
text: The doors slide close. CLANK. James leans on the tiny sink.
text: He looks up into the mirror and faces what's he's become.
text: His face is bloated, his eyes wild, hair unkempt. We feel
dialog: James wanting to turn to us but shame won't allow it.
speaker_heading: 151 151
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. ST. STEPHENS CHURCH. DAY. 1952
text: BOBBY, NAFLOYD, BABY ROY SARAH AND JAMES sing righteous
dialog: gospel that first time together in St. Stephens Church.
text: James is Really giving it up singing Send it on Down. His
text: voice soars sweetly over the congregation.
text: MRS. BYRD and GRANDPA watch on. Mrs. Byrd leans forward and
text: catches Bobby's eye. Gives a small nod of approval for James.
text: Bobby looks to James. They catch eyes. In awe of James'
text: talent, Bobby unconsciously, stops singing. He just stands
text: their watching and listening to his friend.
scene_heading: 152 END FLASHBACK - BACK AT THE MIRROR 152
text: James pulls back from the mirror and splashes some water on
text: his face and begins to press his hair down with his hands.
text: He breathes harder and harder as he assesses his life.
text: He stands straight and proud. Still looking in the mirror,
text: he begins to chant quietly to himself.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: James Brown, James Brown. James
dialog: Brown, James brown.
dialog: 126
scene_heading: 153 EXT. SUBURBAN STREET. ATLANTA. MORNING. 1993 JAMES 60 YRS 153
text: A pool cleaning truck pulls up outside a suburban home. A
text: thirty something white guy gets out with a satchel. He
text: rings on the door.
text: Bobby Byrd, aged sixty, comes out of his house in a robe
dialog: and slippers.
speaker_heading: POOL CLEANER
dialog: Morning Mr. Byrd. Come to open up
dialog: the pool.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Got a real algae problem.
speaker_heading: POOL CLEANER
dialog: I'll take a look.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Sure. You need anything, I be
dialog: inside.
text: As the Pool Cleaner walks around to the back yard, Bobby
text: walks towards the pool cleaning truck parked on the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: 153A EXT. STREET. BEHIND TRUCK. MOMENTS LATER. 153A
text: Bobby pulls out a pack of cigarettes from his pocket as
text: he walks behind the truck. He pulls out a smoke and
text: lights up.
text: Bobby soon notices a Limo parked on the other side of the
text: street. He stares at it for a while. The door opens.
text: James Browns gets out of the Limo and waves.
text: Bobby watches as James approaches. He's clean and sober
text: in a suit looking sharp. James' appearance and presence
text: throws Bobby.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mr. Brown.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What you doing out here in your
dialog: robe, Mr. Byrd?
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What? Oh. See, I snuck out for a
dialog: smoke. I s'posed to quit. Vicki
dialog: don't know.
text: He laughs. They both do.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well I ain't gone tell.
text: They laugh a little. When they stop, there's a long lull.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Well I was just passing. Playing a
dialog: show tonight at the Omni.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Say. Maybe you and Vicki could come
dialog: along. We got a great new horn
dialog: section. Tight. We getting there.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We got plans tonight. Vicki got
text: family coming over.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well you think about it. See what
dialog: Vicki say.
text: Bobby laughs. Rumbled.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah. She still in charge.
text: They both chuckle at this. A nod of understanding. But then:
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You look well.. Man. I ain't seen
dialog: you since-
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Teddy's funeral.
text: Bobby pauses, grows uncomfortable. Bobby throws his cigarette
text: to the ground and stomps it out.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Right. Teddy's funeral. Damn. You
dialog: look well. You shoulda called-
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You know, Bobby, they still don't
dialog: know what happened to Teddy and
dialog: that boy. Those boys weren't
dialog: drinkin' or doin' drugs.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I know, James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No sir. Nothin' like that. He was
dialog: a good boy. The car just hit that
dialog: bridge head on. We ain't ever gone
dialog: know how or why. They say he didn't
dialog: feel a thing.
text: Bobby nods.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That's good, James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But we brought him back to Augusta
dialog: didn't we? Got him home then sent
text: him on to the Lord.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: We did, Mr. Brown. We did.
text: James stands there, fixedly. The Pool cleaner comes from
text: around the truck, breaks the tension.
speaker_heading: POOL CLEANER
dialog: OK. Mr. Byrd. I fixed your problem.
dialog: I'll be back in the Spring to open
dialog: her up.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'm much obliged. Do I have to-
speaker_heading: POOL CLEANER
dialog: No no. We'll send the bill on. Well
dialog: that's that. Good day Gentlemen.
text: He gets in his truck and pulls away leaving Bobby and James
text: standing in an awkward silence.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Look at that. We got white folk
dialog: cleaning our pool. Come a long way
dialog: huh, Mr. Byrd?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah. We come a long way.
dialog: 129
text: Suddenly this is awkward. For both of them. Bobby defuses it:
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You still makin' the steps, Mr.
dialog: Byrd?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Here and there.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You hurtin' a little in the hips?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: A little. You?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Not me. I just get stronger ever
dialog: day. Gettin' better every day.
text: James pulls out two concert tickets from his jacket and hands
dialog: them to Bobby.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe you and Vicki got some
dialog: friends who could come tonight.
dialog: Good seats, too.
text: James turns sharply and walks back to the Limo. He sings to
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Oh, Mary Don't You Weep...
text: Bobby listens. And remembers.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Tell Martha Not to Moan.
text: He stops and turns to Bobby.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What's the next line?
text: Bobby looks at James.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I can't seem to recall. Was a long
dialog: time ago.
text: James nods. After a moment Bobby nods.
dialog: 130
speaker_heading: BOBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: See you around Mr. Brown.
text: Bobby turns. James watches as he walks back to his house.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: See you around Mr. Byrd.
text: James walks towards his Limo.
text: SFX: Audience noise, cheering, whistles, clapping. Louder.
dialog: Louder.
dialog: 154 154
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM. 1993. NIGHT.
text: Show time. James sits in front of the mirror, putting on
text: greasepaint with the assistance of a make-up artists.
text: A much older Gertrude comes in.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: How we doin, Gertrude?
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
text: To the rafters Mr. Brown. To
text: rafters.
speaker_heading: JAMES BROWN
dialog: That's good. You two gimme a minute
dialog: here.
text: Gertrude and the make-up artist look at each other. They
dialog: leave him.
text: Alone, he looks around the dressing room. At the walls. The
text: ceiling fan. Finally at his reflection. He holds his own
text: gaze. We push in, as he fights it. And fights it.
text: Slowly, inevitably the sound from the auditorium grows.
text: Thousands of people shouting his name: "JAMES BROWN JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN, JAMES BROWN.".
dialog: 155 155
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. JAIL CELL. 1949. DAY.
text: JAMES AGED SIXTEEN, SITS ALONE, staring at the wall.
text: Incanting his name, quietly. Intently.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (Quietly)
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN...
dialog: 131
dialog: 156 156
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM.
text: The crowd are going wild.
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN.
dialog: 157 157
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH/ DIRT ROAD. DAY. 1941.
text: Young James, 8, walking through the forest alone, hollering
dialog: his name.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JAMES
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN.
dialog: 158 158
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - EVERYONE CHANTING
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN.
dialog: 159 159
scene_heading: EXT. BARREN PATH. DAY. 1942.
text: YOUNG JAMES, nine, battered, bruised and shirtless walks
text: toward us with the number "One" painted on his chest. He says
text: his name to himself over and over.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JAMES
dialog: (quietly)
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN.
text: We soon realize this is the same path where he discovered the
text: body of the lynched young man.
speaker_heading: 160 160
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - EVERYONE CHANTING.
text: We see Bobby and Vicki in the crowd.
text: Slowly Bobby begins to whisper..
speaker_heading: BOBBY BYRD
dialog: (To himself)
dialog: James Brown. James Brown...
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN.
dialog: 132
dialog: 161 161
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER. DAY. 1942.
text: Bloodied 9 year old James begins walking by the side of a
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JAMES
dialog: (quietly)
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN.
dialog: 162 162
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM.
text: SLOWLY James stands, buttons his jacket and opens the
text: dressing room door.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: James Brown. James Brown. James
dialog: Brown.
scene_heading: 163 INT. BACKSTAGE CORRIDOR. 163
text: James marches out of the room into the corridor..
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN.
text: ...two assistants fall into step and we follow on his
text: shoulder as he struts his way past the dressing rooms, to the
text: wings, where the band stand.
dialog: 164 164
scene_heading: INT. STAGE WINGS.
text: Alone, JAMES closes his eyes. Bows his head.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER V/O
dialog: ...the Hardest Working Man in show
dialog: business, Mr. Dynamite...
scene_heading: 165 EXT. RIVER. DAY. 165
text: Over announcer's introduction we watch Young James reach the
dialog: river's edge,
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER V/O
dialog: Mr. Please, Please himself..
text: His head and body proud, overlooking the mighty river.
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: DANNY RAY V/O
dialog: ..ladies and gentlemen its
dialog: showtime...the one and only
dialog: JAAAAAAAMES BROWN!!!
text: YOUNG JAMES, eyes closed saying his name over and over.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JAMES
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN.
text: YOUNG JAMES suddenly opens his swollen eyes and looks right
dialog: at us.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I paid the cost to be the boss.
text: James leans back, widens his arms and looks to the sky.
dialog: 166 166
scene_heading: INT. THE STAGE.
text: James steps forward and strides across the stage to the mic
dialog: stand.
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: JAMES BROWN JAMES BROWN, JAMES
text: BROWN, JAMES BROWN.
text: He looks out over the crowd. Then... He begins to sing a
text: capella. He stares right us.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Try me. Try me. Darlin tell me.
dialog: I need you. Try me. Try me.
dialog: And your love will always be true
text: The crowd goes silent. All we hear is Mr. Brown's soulful
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh I need you (I need you)
dialog: Hold me. Hold me. I want you right
dialog: here by my side. Hold me. Hold me.
dialog: And your love we won't hide
text: Slowly Bobby smiles. Tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: THE END.
dialog: 
