text: GIRL WITH A PEARL EARRING
dialog: by
dialog: Olivia Hetreed
dialog: For Educational
dialog: Purposes Only
scene_heading: INT. GRIET'S HOUSE DAY
text: A bare white wall. Sunlight falls softly through an open window.
text: Sounds from outside; water-lap against stone; a woman calls a
text: greeting; wooden clogs on cobbles.
text: The plaster is roughly finished. There are blue grey shadows, a
text: fuzz of brown dust, pale cream highlights.
text: Inside the house quiet noises; the swish of a scrubbing brush on
text: stone; a rocking chair creaking to and fro; a knife chopping.
text: CLOSE ON: A kitchen knife, sharp-edged, pitted black, slices
text: through white-green onion rings, juice flecking the blade.
text: Slivers of onion pile up on a dark wood chopping board, tiny
text: threads of yellow-green in the white. Reflected for a moment
text: before the blade sweeps them away.
scene_heading: EXT. VERMEER HOUSE DAY
text: A handsome Dutch town house, red-brick, three storeys high.
text: The front door opens and a MAN and WOMAN come out. His clothes
text: are dark and fine, his face half-hidden by a wide hat. She is
text: ripely pregnant, her belly large against the swathes of her fine
text: velvet dress. She leans on his arm for support, but still leads
dialog: the way.
scene_heading: CAPTION OVER: DELFT 1664
scene_heading: EXT. DELFT STREETS DAY
text: As they walk through the prosperous town they are greeted and
text: bowed to: people of consequence. He nods, she smiles and waves
text: to acquaintances, blonde curls dancing.
scene_heading: INT. GRIET'S HOUSE DAY
text: Splitting a red cabbage, exposing the white veins between dark
text: purple leaves. A GIRL’S hand, small and deft, places the cabbage
dialog: by the onion.
scene_heading: EXT. GATES NEAR BRIDGE DAY
text: The couple cross a bridge over the canal, turn into narrower
text: streets, poorer houses tightly-packed. WOMEN in white caps and
text: aprons over dark clothes look up from scrubbing front door
text: steps, WORKING MEN raise their hats. He still nods, she ignores
dialog: them.
text: A BOY (FRANS) leans on the bridge, watching from under a mop of
text: blond curls. The moment they are gone he is off - racing down
text: the street, cutting through an alleyway to get ahead of them.
dialog: November 2003
scene_heading: INT. GRIET'S HOUSE DAY
text: In the kitchen his sister, GRIET, reacts to the sound of the
text: door; eyes wide, lips parted. Anticipation, uncertainty, even
dialog: fear. A look we will come to recognise.
speaker_heading: FRANS (0/S)
dialog: Mother!
text: GRIET pulls the stiff folds of her white cap further forward
text: round her face, resumes her work. She is slight, a young girl
text: but with a sureness to her movements which seems older. Her
text: clothes are as plain and severe as the narrow Calvinist room,
text: the fresh-cut vegetables the only stroke of colour. She slides
text: carrots onto the dish, absorbed in the pattern she is creating.
text: Her MOTHER comes hurrying into the room in her starched best
text: clothes. A brief, irritated glance at the dish.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Leave that.
text: GRIET puts down the knife carefully.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS/ATTIC DAY
text: GRIET hurries up narrow stairs to a room under the eaves, so low
text: even she must stoop. Only a shaft of light penetrates the room.
text: In the darkest corner a MAN hunches in a rocking chair.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Father.
text: GRIET squats in front of him. We see his hand is badly
text: disfigured, fingers twisted into a claw, skin taut and shiny
text: pink in places, otherwise ridged and gnarled.
speaker_heading: GRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: The Guild Master...
text: He nods, face in shadow. This is an expected event.
text: There is a silent understanding between them. GRIET places his
text: best black jacket on the bed, guides his hand with her spread
dialog: fingers.
text: After a moment he stops her, instead he searches with fumbling
text: fingers on a shelf by the bed. There are several tiles propped
text: there, blue figures on white. He feels for one in particular.
text: A girl and boy, hand in hand. The unmistakable line of GRIET’S
text: cap, FRANS flinging an arm joyfully in the air.
text: He presses it into GRIET'S hands, a gesture of regret and
dialog: apology.
dialog: November 2003
scene_heading: EXT. GRIET'S HOUSE DAY
text: The handsome couple stop at a small house. Now they have arrived
text: the WOMAN hesitates, suddenly nervous. Her HUSBAND tidies a
text: strand of her hair then knocks at the door.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC DAY
text: From below the WOMAN’S VOICE; over-loud, her heels clattering on
text: the tiled floor.
text: GRIET‘S FATHER lifts his head - the first full sight of his
text: face, taut and twisted, as if it had been melted and re-set, the
text: eyes scarred and blind. Recent, terrible injuries. GRIET tries
text: to ease on his coat.
speaker_heading: GRIET’S FATHER
dialog: I cannot... (meet him).
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN DAY
text: Griet runs into position, cheeks flushed, and is once more
text: chopping the vegetables as her MOTHER leads in the visitors.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This is Griet.
text: The MAN and WOMAN step down into the kitchen, crowding the
text: narrow space. GRIET looks to her MOTHER for guidance, carries on
text: with her work, head bent.
text: The woman, CATHARINA, talks fast, distractedly, her hands
text: forever moving, twisting the blonde curls on her neck.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: She’s very small. You think she is strong
dialog: enough? We can‘t have a girl who is always worn
text: out and complaining. My mother is worried about
dialog: her age. And she‘s never worked outside the home
dialog: before.
text: CATHARINA seems too large for the room, too opulent, a pearl-
text: inlaid crucifix dangles heavily between her breasts.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: She is strong. A good girl and willing.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: All things considered I suppose it must do but
dialog: there will have to be a trial. How long should
dialog: it be, husband?
text: He isn't listening, gazing abstractedly at the wall. CATHARINA
text: hurries on.
dialog: November 2003
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know, I can’t have someone in the house
dialog: who won’t pull her weight. As it is I
dialog: hardly...(can make ends meet.) There are all the
dialog: children to think of too. My husband is Guild
dialog: Master but we are under no obligation to do
dialog: this. No obligation at all.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (Stony) She works hard.
text: CATHARINA twists her necklace round her fingers. Maybe she went
dialog: too far.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: I mean to say we are sorry for your husband‘s
dialog: misfortune. It was a fire?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: The kiln exploded. Two men died. He was spared.
text: CATHARINA crosses herself.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Deo gratias.
text: GRIET‘S MOTHER stiffens at the Papist words. Uncomfortable
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (At last) Aye, God be thanked.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: (Brightly) Well, shall we say a month and if she
dialog: proves satisfactory- (I will keep her on.)
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What are you doing, Griet?
text: The MAN'S voice cuts across his wife’s. GRIET looks up,
text: startled. He is staring at the vegetables she has arranged in
text: swathes of colour on the dish. GRIET hesitates. Her MOTHER
text: glares at her.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Cutting vegetables for soup, sir.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Why did you lay them out like that?
text: His quietness is intense, his cool grey eyes hold hers.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I- I- Ready for the soup, sir.
dialog: November 2003
text: CATHARINA snorts. GRIET is thrown; he has intruded into her
text: private world. Instinctively she pulls her cap forward.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (Gently) Is that the order they go in the pot?
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: No, sir.
text: The MAN makes a small impatient gesture, her answers aren’t what
text: he wants. Her MOTHER is silently urging her.
text: He picks up a piece of onion and turnip.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You have separated the whites. And the carrot
dialog: and cabbage?
speaker_heading: GRIET
text: The colours fight each other.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Ah.
text: His eyebrows go up, a small smile. GRIET finds she is very
dialog: pleased to have pleased him.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Is that how you spend your time - arranging
dialog: vegetables?
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: (Alarmed)
dialog: Oh no. Not at all.
text: The MAN drops the shreds of onion and turnip, deliberately
text: careless. GRIET'S fingers move to rearrange them but she
text: controls herself. The MAN is still watching.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: She might clean my studio.
text: His casual words are shocking to his wife. She gasps and turns;
text: too quickly, the heavy belly off-balance. The kitchen knife
text: spins off the table and clatters on the ground.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Catharina! (Quietly) Be careful.
text: GRIET bends to pick up the knife, crouching at his feet, her
text: face inches from the rich trim of his cloak.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Excuse me, Master Vermeer.
dialog: November 2003
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM DAWN
text: In the half dark GRIET neatly folds a chemise, two starched
text: aprons, a woollen shawl, her prayer book. FRANS pretends to
text: sleep as she tiptoes out.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN DAWN
text: GRIET’S MOTHER pulls oat cakes from the griddle and burns her
text: hand. The only clue to her heartbreak.
text: GRIET holds a wet rag to the burn. A rare moment of contact.
text: Recovering herself GRIET'S MOTHER folds the oat cakes into a
dialog: clean muslin.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The food may be strange to your stomach.
text: How can she begin to tell her daughter all she needs to know?
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep clear of their Catholic prayers. Or if you
dialog: must be with them when they pray, stop your
dialog: ears.
text: GRIET nods dutifully. Her MOTHER hesitates then reaches to the
text: back of the mantelpiece and brings down a tin box, the family
text: treasure chest. It contains some silver coins, a few legal
text: papers and a tortoiseshell comb, prettily decorated but old.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Had it from my mother, the day I was married. I
dialog: never thought our family would come to this. (A
dialog: beat) I hear the Master is a good man. She
dialog: doesn’t know her own mind - someone should've
dialog: stood up to her before now. She'd work you to
text: death and not even notice.
text: A silence. Abruptly she thrusts the comb and cakes at GRIET.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Go on then.
scene_heading: EXT. DELFT MARKET SQUARE DAY
text: GRIET crosses the empty central square, at one end the grand
text: fagade of the Town Hall, at the other the vast brick bulk of the
text: New Church. A few stall holders are setting up.
text: At the brick star in the middle of the square GRIET hesitates.
text: She adjusts the bundle under her arm, squares her shoulders,
text: heads across the square into the unknown. She looks small and
text: lonely in the huge space.
dialog: November 2003
scene_heading: EXT. STREET DAY
text: GRIET walks along an unfamiliar street.
scene_heading: EXT. VERMEER HOUSE, OUDE LANGENDIJCK DAY
text: On a bench outside sit four well-dressed GIRLS, one with a BABY
text: BOY on her lap. Four pairs of watchful eyes assessing her in
text: silence. The oldest, MAERTGE (pronounced Mertha) holds a cockle
text: shell and pipe-stem. The youngest(LISBETH), clutching a rag
text: doll, pulls at MAERTGE'S sleeve impatiently.
text: After a moment the next oldest, CORNELIA, a thin, quick child
text: with bright red hair snatches them and blows a stream of
text: bubbles. They float upwards, glistening in the sunshine.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: Tell Tanneke the new maid is here.
text: After a moment MAERTGE decides this is the right thing to do.
text: The little ones run after her. GRIET and CORNELIA are left
text: alone. CORNELIA eyes GRIET, smirking at her heavy clothing and
text: clumsy shoes.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: TANNEKE, the stolid servant of the house, leads the way, talking
text: as she goes.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: Young Mistress is out this morning. I’m to show
dialog: you round.
text: She sniffs, as if to say this is not a proper part of her
text: duties. Her face is red from the stove, cheeks pocked.
text: She indicates the water pump as she leads the way up the steps.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Water for the table.
scene_heading: INT. WASHING KITCHEN DAY
text: The WASHING KITCHEN has a big copper cauldron set over a fire.
text: There is a large heap of soiled laundry.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: Take water from the canal for laundry, it’s
dialog: clean enough this side of town. Soda, coppers,
text: boiler, sand and soap.
text: The middle of the room is full of sheets drying, carelessly
text: arranged. Surreptitiously GRIET straightens the nearest sheet.
dialog: November 2003
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
text: Linen goes out to bleach in the sun. In here in
dialog: bad weather. Flat irons, linen press, pressing
text: table. Cooking kitchen...
text: She sweeps on down the steps.
scene_heading: INT. COOKING KITCHEN DAY
text: TANNEKE’S stronghold, dominated by the big cooking fire. Pots
text: and pans, none too clean, hang on the walls. TANNEKE carelessly
text: throws some onion skins in the grate.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: You're to help serve and clear. Buy fish and
dialog: Meat from the Market when Young Mistress don’t
dialog: want to - and that’s often enough.
text: She curves a hand out beyond her own substantial belly.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: You'll take your meals with me and the children.
dialog: Pewter and silver, needs polishing every week.
text: She pulls on a rope and pulley to open a trapdoor down to the
dialog: cellar.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: That's your sleeping place. Scour the pots and
text: pans. Fetch in the milk and butter.
text: No time to pause as TANNEKE leads the way through to another
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: There are paintings hung thickly on every wall. GRIET is
text: distracted by the dazzling variety of colour and images.
text: Glancing up SHE SEES CORNELIA watching from the upstairs
text: balcony. TANNEKE rattles off instructions.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
text: Dust and polish the woodwork, beat the carpets,
text: trim the candlewicks. Floor scrubbed morning and
text: night. Young Mistress and Master sleep and have
dialog: company here.
text: The furniture is solid and intricately carved, the heavy
text: curtains round the marriage bed richly brocaded. But dirty
text: laundry, children’s shoes and toys lie scattered on the floor,
text: disorderly and profuse, the opposite of GRIET'S clean, bare
dialog: home.
dialog: November 2003
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Air the bedding, wash and press the sheets and
dialog: linen, heat water for Young Mistress to bathe,
text: empty the pots.
text: TANNEKE stands with hands on hips, out of breath. Her apron is
text: grey and soiled with grease spots, her fingers reddened from
text: work. CORNELIA comes and leans on TANNEKE, catlike in her
dialog: temporary affection.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Have you been doing all this yourself, Tanneke?
dialog: The cooking and cleaning and washing?
text: The right words. TANNEKE puffs with grim pride.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: Nobody but. Would've put paid to a scrawny
dialog: creature like you - day in, day out. On top of
text: all the errands bar the Draper and 'Pothec'ry.
text: She looks around with proprietorial pride.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Kinder) You’ll get used to it.
text: CORNELIA notices GRIET staring at the paintings.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: Do you like them?
text: CORNELIA is looking up at her, alert and interested. GRIET
text: smiles back.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Did your father do all these?
text: CORNELIA laughs scornfully.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: No! He just sells them. All his paintings go
text: straight away.
text: GRIET feels stupid, as she was meant to, but TANNEKE is already
text: bustling out of the room, GRIET must hurry after.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: This way.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL/MARIA THINS ROOM DAY
text: TANNEKE opens the door to a smaller but finely furnished room.
text: She allows GRIET to glimpse inside.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: My Mistress, Maria Thins has this room. 'Tis her
dialog: owns the house - not her daughter, for all her
dialog: fine airs.
text: GRIET has an impression of gaudy Catholic paintings, fine velvet
dialog: and a prie-Dieu.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS TO STUDIO DAY
text: GRIET follows Tanneke’s broad back up the stairs. TANNEKE points
text: towards the door at the end of the corridor. In spite of herself
text: she is frightened, her voice a whisper.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: You're to clean in there.
text: As GRIET takes a step in that direction.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: (scandalised)
dialog: Not now! He's painting.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR NIGHT
text: Carrying a night light, GRIET goes carefully down the ladder
text: into the cellar. The glint of bottles and jars, a broken
text: footstool, a child’s wooden top, the paint dim under layers of
dialog: dust.
text: A sleeping place with a mattress, bolster and blanket has been
text: made on a low wooden shelf. GRIET arranges her few possessions
text: neatly: the prayer book and comb, her best lace collar, chemises
text: and aprons, her father’s tile. Wearily she kneels to pray. Her
text: hands are already red and raw from all the work. She is about to
text: take off her cap when she stops, uneasy. She looks around the
text: dark room, shadows flickering in the candlelight. Suddenly she
text: sees a face, ghostly white.
text: It is a Pleta; Mary holding the dead body of Christ, the
text: Virgin's face hollow-eyed with grief, an arm raised in wild
dialog: despair.
text: GRIET looks at it uneasily. Then with a quick decisive movement
text: she takes her spare apron and drapes it over the painting. Blows
text: out her candle. Only the faintest glimmer of light comes from
text: the open trapdoor.
text: In the dark she can hear noises from the household, the MASTER'S
text: low voice and laughter. She curls up into a ball.
scene_heading: INT. WASHING KITCHEN - DAY
text: With an effort GRIET heaves up a full pitcher of water and tips
text: it into the washing copper. A fire blazes under the copper and
text: GRIET wipes the sweat from her eyes.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 11
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: GRIET scrubs at soiled linen on a washboard. There are wet
text: sheets hanging up, a huge pile still to do. Her fingers are raw
text: from the washing soda and hot water.
text: CATHARINA comes out, moving slowly with the weight of her belly.
text: Her chemise is already crumpled, she looks hot and tired, the
text: blonde curls damp on her neck. She watches GRIET working. GRIET
text: turns and dips a curtsey.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Good Morning, Madam.
text: CATHARINA looks annoyed.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Don’t speak till you’re spoken to.
text: But she seems exhausted by this, continues to stand there
text: absently, one hand on her belly, the other nervously jangling
text: the household keys which hang at her hip. GRIET takes a man’s
text: shirt from the laundry basket. CATHARINA makes an effort.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Tanneke showed you what needs to be done? The
dialog: laundry and so on.
text: She has barely more experience of this situation than GRIET.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Yes, Madam. The shopping when you want. (A beat)
dialog: And the studio...
text: CATHARINA’S face tightens instantly.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
text: This is only a trial, nothing is settled yet.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE/GROUND FLOOR DAY
text: GRIET follows CATHARINA through the house, carrying a mop,
text: cloths and bucket. CORNELIA darts up the stairs ahead of GRIET.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE STUDIO DAY
text: Outside the STUDIO CATHARINA stops, catching her breath. GRIET
text: waits in silence. CATHARINA stares at the closed door. CORNELIA
text: tugs at her skirts.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Cornelia, go down.
text: But when CORNELIA ignores her CATHARINA makes no further effort.
text: She seems trapped, helpless. A finger twists and twists in her
dialog: hair.
dialog: Rovember 2003
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I.. My husband... You are to clean in there. (A
dialog: beat) Go in. Go in!
text: Hesitantly GRIET sidles past them and opens the door. Inside is
text: a heavy curtain she must push aside. CORNELIA tries to follow
text: but CATHARINA grabs her back as if from the edge of a cliff.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: Now GRIET is inside, looking out. CATHARINA is stuck in the
text: doorway, holding back the curtain, CORNELIA glowering at her
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: You must disturb nothing, leave all just as it
dialog: is.
text: Griet holds her mop and pail in the middle of the room, not
text: wanting to start while CATHARINA watches.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, open the shutters. You can’t work in the
text: dark.
text: GRIET moves from window to window pulling open the heavy wooden
text: shutters, sunlight floods into the room. Downstairs the BABY
text: starts crying, CATHARINA pushes her curls back impatiently.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: He must not be disturbed. (A beat) It’s
dialog: important.
text: With these words, almost a plea, CATHARINA closes the door.
text: Left alone GRIET looks round the STUDIO. It is large and
text: uncluttered, unlike the rest of the house. Clean palettes and
text: brushes laid neatly on a table, a tall cupboard, a half-open
text: deor through into a storeroom.
text: In one corner a table covered with a blue cloth, an open letter,
text: the tools of a lady’s toilette laid out in careful disarray. A
text: wocden lay figure (artist's dummy) draped in a bright yellow
text: satin jacket. The picture setting.
text: Very carefully, anchoring her hand on the corner of the table,
text: GRIET lifts the letter, dusts the cloth underneath and replaces
text: it. She uses her fingers as she did with her father's clothes,
text: moving along methodically, fixing, lifting and cleaning.
text: A sudden flash of movement alarms her. Then she realises it is a
text: mirror, fixed on the wall above the table. She stares at
text: herself. The light from the window makes her skin glow; she
text: looks beautiful, transfigured. She turns away, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: November 2603
dialog: 13
text: She avoids the painting for as long as she can. It is not large.
text: But at last she has to look.
text: A woman stands gazing into the mirror as Griet did, transfixed,
text: her pearl necklace forgotten in her hands. The light falls
text: softly on her profile and on the objects littering the table in
text: artful disarray. Her yellow satin mantle seems to glow.
text: GRIET stares, eyes wide in wonder. A chuckle.
text: GRIET swings round to find a LADY watching her from the doorway.
text: She wears a stiff-bodiced black dress encrusted with shiny
text: beadwork and a wide white collar. Under her starched cap her
text: eyes are shrewd and amused.
text: Instinctively GRIET pulls her own cap forward. MARIA THINS
text: chuckles again, puffs on a pipe she is holding in tobacco-
text: stained fingers.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: That's right, girl. You keep it to yourself in
dialog: this house.
text: In spite of herself GRIET looks back at the picture.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: You‘re not the first to forget your manners in
text: front of his paintings.
text: GRIET curtseys, a mumbled “Madam”.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
text: Master Van Ruijven‘s wife.
text: MARIA THINS rakes the room with sharp eyes, gathering
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: It's like enough - though I never saw so much in
dialog: her.
text: GRIET looks from the painting to the setting. Although the
text: objects lie on the table in the same way, the map on the wall
text: and the window are almost the same, the effect is not.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: It’s all... different. More...
text: MARIA THINS nods her head, then sighs.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: Should have asked more for it too. Do you think
dialog: it finished?
text: GRIET studies the painting. It certainly looks finished. MARIA
text: THINS laughs harshly.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: Three months already. Another three before he’s
text: satisfied, no doubt.
text: GRIET’S eyes widen in surprise. Suddenly MARIA THINS is angry.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: Get along, girl. You’re not paid to stand
text: gawping all day.
text: GRIET hurriedly gathers up her cleaning things.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: The courtyard is hung with white sheets, drying in the sun.
text: GRIET is cleaning silverware, her hands and apron are black with
text: tarnish, the cups and bowls beside her sparkle. She makes
text: reflections dance across the walls for the children (also black-
dialog: handed) to run after.
text: The GIRLS laugh and squeal, the BABY gurgles and tumbles after
dialog: them.
text: CORNELIA is quickest, her red-gold hair brilliant in the
text: sunshine. She leaps after the will-o-wisp of light.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: I'll catch it!
text: GRIET too is fascinated by the light, white flame across the
text: white cloth, pale orange on the red brickwork, dazzling at the
dialog: window.
text: Through the glass she catches a movement in the room above, the
text: iight flickers over the MASTER’S face.
text: GRIET lets the bowl drop from her hand, confused. She wants to
text: pull her cap forward but her hands are dirty. The girls fall
text: silent at once, CORNELIA glares.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You made us!
text: GRIET crouches to pick up the bowl. When she dares look up again
text: the window is empty. The girls have disappeared.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: Lisbeth? Aleydis?
text: Giggles from amongst the sheets. GRIET searches among the linen
text: to find LISBETH and ALEYDIS happily making filthy hand prints on
dialog: the clean sheets.
speaker_heading: GRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop that!
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 15
text: Seeing GRIET'S face ALEYDIS stops at once, old enough to know
text: better. LISBETH still thinks it's a game. GRIET pulls aside
text: another sheet to reveal CORNELIA. The sheet is smeared with
text: grime.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: It’s dirty now.
text: CORNELIA makes another hand print and laughs. In response GRIET
text: slaps her, sharp on the cheek, a black smirch over the red.
text: CORNELIA’S eyes widen in shock but she doesn’t cry.
scene_heading: EXT. MEAT MARKET - DAY
text: MAERTGE and CORNELIA accompany TANNEKE and GRIET towards the
text: grand fagade of the MEAT MARKET; stone ox heads over the
text: classical entrances.
scene_heading: INT. MEAT MARKET DAY
text: The Meat Market is bustling with housewives and maids buying
text: Meat. Porters carry bloody carcasses along the sawdust~strewn
text: aisles. TANNEKE leads the way importantly to one of the smartest
text: stalls, where the meat has been laid out with gruesome wit: a
text: wreath of kidneys round a calf's head, a flower in its hairy
text: ear. PAUL, the BUTCHER, watches them coming with a shrewd smile.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What have you got for me, Tanneke?
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
text: Paul. This is Griet, the new maid. She will
dialog: fetch the meat now,
text: With an effort GRIET looks away from the jaunty calf.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So Griet, what takes your fancy? Nothing's too
dialog: good for this family.
text: PAUL winks at her. He is a handsome man with greying fair hair
text: and a broad, cheerful face. GRIET hesitates, looks to TANNEKE.
text: TANNEKE counts off the order on her stubby fingers.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
text: An ox tongue and a dozen chops.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: In the book again?
text: TANNEKE nods curtly, she hates this conversation. PAUL laughs,
text: holds out the slab of tongue to MAERTGE and CORNELIA.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: What d‘you think girls? Best tongue in Delft,
dialog: eh?
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 16
text: He sticks his own tongue out, MAERTGE and CORNELIA giggle. GRIET
text: looks at the chops going into her pail, pulls one out, holds and
text: sniffs it.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: This is not fresh. The Mistress wont like it.
text: The butcher looks at her in surprise, TANNEKE goes red. GRIET
text: holds the meat out stubbornly. A long moment then PAUL smiles
dialog: broadly.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Pieter!
text: A young man comes over, wiping his hands on his apron. He is
text: tall and broad-shouldered like his father, with golden curls, an
text: easy smile. GRIET blushes and tightens her grip on the shopping
text: pail as he looks at her then his father.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Get the parcel on the cart.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: But that’s for.. (Mistress Van der Velde.)
text: His father frowns. PIETER shrugs and brings over a parcel which
text: PAUL unwraps and holds out to GRIET. She inspects the meat, nods
text: curtly.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: That's better.
text: TANNEKE turns away crossly. Father and son exchange an amused,
text: approving glance,
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We'll see you again, Griet.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL DAY
text: GRIET is sweeping the hall when she suddenly stops. Framed in
text: the doorway she sees a MAN unloading a narrow wooden box. Plain
text: and dark, like a child’s coffin. VERMEER supervises from the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS DAY
text: Carrying her cleaning things Griet cautiously goes into the
dialog: studio.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: The room is just as usual except that on a table, placed where
text: the easel would normally stand, is the strange wooden box.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 17
text: GRIET begins her cleaning, but her curiosity is too strong for
text: her. She goes over to the strange box, a faint pretence at
text: cleaning it as she examines it.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (0.S.)
dialog: You want to look into it?
text: GRIET jumps back guiltily at the disembodied voice. VERMEER
text: laughs and swings down from a trapdoor in the attic.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
text: A camera obscura.
text: The strange words mean nothing to GRIET but she is curious as he
text: looks into the box, making adjustments. Satisfied, he steps
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Look into the glass.
text: GRIET moves jerkily forward and looks down at the glass plate
text: inside the box. She sees nothing.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Put this on. Over your head.
text: VERMEER takes his heavy cloak and gently drapes it over her,
text: enveloping her in darkness. Like a jewel, an image is there in
text: the dark, The painting, minute and perfect in glowing colours.
text: Only the real woman is missing.
text: GRIET steps back in confusion, the robe falling to the floor.
text: Her face is flushed, she drops to her knees grabbing at the
dialog: cloak.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I’m sorry, sir. I‘ll clean it straight away.
text: VERMEER takes it carelessly.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Never mind that. What did you see?
text: Griet Swallows. His questions seems to be asking for more than
dialog: mere facts.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I saw the setting.
text: He starts to fiddle with the box, adjusting angles. GRIET is
dialog: fascinated.
speaker_heading: GRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: But...
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Hmm?
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: How did it get in there?
text: VERMEER smiles. It is as though the sun is shining on her.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: I was amazed when I first saw it.
text: He beckons her forward to look into the box beside him.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
text: Beams of reflected light from the corner pass
text: through this lens and are bent onto the glass
dialog: plate here.
text: GRIET strains to understand. With both of them leaning over the
text: box the image can be faintly seen, a ghost. GRIET puts her
text: fingers on the glass.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Is it real?
speaker_heading: VERMEER
text: It's an image - a picture made of light.
text: He starts to shut up the camera. GRIET is intrigued.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Does the box show you what to paint?
text: VERMEER laughs, not unkindly.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: It helps.
text: She frowns, confused. He is watching her now.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: You clean the table, Griet. Why are the things
dialog: set on it as they are?
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: For the lady. To look as if it were her dressing
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: More than that...
text: VERMEER moves impatiently, she wishes she knew the answer he
text: wants. Suddenly he strides across the room and removes the
text: silver bowl, stands the powder brush on its bristles. GRIET is
text: startled; it's a kind of sacrilege to disturb the setting.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, look again.
text: He holds the cloak over them both so that as they bend over the
text: screen their faces are lit by the image on the glass. She is
text: intensely conscious of his face next to hers, he is intent on
text: what he sees. She makes herself concentrate. The image is
text: there again, this time without the silver bowl at its centre.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: (hesitant)
text: It's darker. And the brush pokes up at the end.
text: A faint sound of approval from VERMEER.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: The line is broken... You can see.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR NIGHT
text: GRIET wakes with a start. It is dark, a spill of light from the
text: trapdoor above. Wild SHRIEKS fill the house.
text: GRIET tumbles up the steps, still tying her apron, to find
text: TANNEKE in the kitchen, blowing on the fire, agitated.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: There you are. Fetch some water, will you.
dialog: (Muttering) Blessed Mary, Mother of God...
text: More SCREAMS from the Hall, MARIA THINS’ calming voice.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: (hiding her fear)
dialog: Six babies. Why does she have to make such a
dialog: racket?
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD NIGHT
text: GRIET pumps water from the cistern, cold water splashing into
text: the metal pans, not loud enough to drown CATHARINA’S groans.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR NIGHT
text: GRIET hides on the steps, hands over her ears.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAWN
text: The CHILDREN crowd around their MOTHER and the new BABY (a BOY)
text: on the bed. CATHARINA is radiant, pink-cheeked and smiling.
text: TANNEKE looks proud and pleased, holding up little JOHANNES to
text: see his new brother. A PRIEST rattles through a blessing, a
text: MIDWIFE clears away bloody cloths. GRIET brings wine, hesitates
text: in the doorway.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: MAERTGE
dialog: Put it on, Papa! You must. There.
text: VERMEER crawls out from the embrace of his daughters. He is
text: wearing a little velvet “paternity” cap decked with ribbons. His
text: face is flushed, hair and clothes rumpled and messy.
text: MARIA THINS taps with her cane, startling GRIET, who stands
text: aside at once. MARIA THINS watches her daughter and family, a
text: wry smile. She has a folded note in her hand.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: Take this invitation to the house of your
dialog: master’s patron, Pieter van Ruijven.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN RUIJVEN'S HOUSE DAY
text: A boat ferries GRIET towards an imposing Renaissance mansion,
text: one of the grandest houses in town.
text: VAN RUIJVEN'S business occupies the quayside, a prosperous
text: commercial bustle. The boat noses into the boathouse.
scene_heading: INT. VAN RUIJVEN’S GREAT HALL DAY
text: VAN RUIJVEN reads the letter, holding it up to the light from
text: the window. He is richly dressed, with longish dark hair and a
text: moustache hiding a weak mouth and chin.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
text: So, finished at last. And the baby too. Jan's
dialog: brood mare. Hot-tempered is she, your mistress?
dialog: Hard to handle?
text: He looks up from the note and runs his eyes over GRIET, so
text: blatantly lascivious that GRIET cannot stop herself from
text: blushing. She pulls the points of her cap forward. VAN RUIJVEN
text: laughs.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: She wants an answer, you'll have to wait.
text: He goes over to a carved desk, finds a quill and paper. GRIET
text: gazes around the Hall, far grander than Vermeer‘s with several
text: Vermeer paintings among others on the walls.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: A very pretty picture.
text: VAN RUIJVEN is eyeing her. GRIET looks down in silence. He
text: pours wine from a porcelain jug.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you thirsty?
text: GRIET is shocked, tries to hide it.
dialog: Novenber 2003
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: I wouldn’t tell.
text: He smiles conspiratorially.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: No, sir.
text: He drinks and wipes his moustache, glances at CATHARINA's note.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
text: Hm, "Honoured guest". It was the old woman's
dialog: idea to combine the birth feast and the viewing,
text: no doubt. She's a tight fist.
text: He scrawls his reply and blots it as he talks.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not turning out for small beer and biscuit,
dialog: tell her. This brat and I deserve a proper
dialog: feast. It's time they made a show, let the world
dialog: know their worth. You have very wide eyes. What
dialog: do they call you?
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Griet.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Your Master's a fine painter, Griet. Finest in
dialog: Delft, though I shan’t tell him so. He has
dialog: painted me. Perhaps that will be my epitaph.
text: He laughs at his own joke; a rich, powerful man of the world.
dialog: GRIET has never met anyone like him.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come, take a look.
text: He draws back the curtain to reveal a painting by his desk.
text: GRIET has to move a step or two closer to look at it, closer to
dialog: him too.
text: The painting, by Vermeer, is a drinking scene: in the foreground
text: a young woman in a gorgeous red dress (the WOMAN from the
text: Tavern) smiles towards us, while a gentleman (VAN RUIJVEN) gives
text: her a glass of wine. Behind them in a shadowy corner another
text: man, head on hand, is bored or asleep.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at that dress, you can almost stroke the
text: satin. And the wine winking through the glass.
dialog: It stank mind you, sour as vinegar by the end of
dialog: each day - I had to send out for more.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: My back ached, her hand shook so much he had to
text: put the napkin there to save the dress.
text: GRIET looks at the painting, drinking in the detail, fascinated.
text: VAN RUIJVEN stands too close.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you see yourself in such finery, my dear?
dialog: She loved it you know: lace and satin tight
text: against her plump little bubbies, heavy silk on
dialog: her thighs, the gentlemen looking at her. My
dialog: God, she was happy.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (Offering her wine again)
dialog: Sure?
text: VAN RUIJVEN leans towards her in conscious imitation of his
text: painted self. She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a moral lesson, of course. There's
text: Temperance in the window holding the reins; the
text: peeled fruit, her silly smile, mouth gaping -
dialog: only one way things can end.
text: He is right by GRIET now. She takes a step back.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: The letter for my Mistress?
text: VAN RUIJVEN drips scarlet sealing wax onto the back of the
text: letter, presses his signet ring onto the molten blob.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Take care, it is hot.
text: He holds out the note, so she must tug it from his plump, white
text: fingers. Behind them the painting of VAN RUIJVEN and the GIRL.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (V.0.)
text: She thought she was somebody, all dressed up
text: like a lady.
scene_heading: INT. COOKING KITCHEN DAY
text: The kitchen is full of smoke and steam as TANNEKE cooks, GRIET
text: assisting her.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: Green as grass, mind you. Only worked there a
dialog: few months before Master van Ruijven brought her
dialog: over for the painting. Got her into his wife's
text: finery, poured wine down her like he was forcing
dialog: a goose, took her home the long way. Sure enough
text: she was carrying his by-blow before the paint
dialog: was dry.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 23
text: She slams down the meat dish with a clang.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: He thinks we don't know how to celebrate a
dialog: birth, does he?
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: LINEN, CROCKERY, CUTLERY, PEWTER are all whisked out of chests
text: or cupboards: washed, scrubbed, polished, ironed.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE DAY
text: GRIET scours the front door step with furious energy.
scene_heading: INT. COOKING KITCHEN DAY
text: TANNEKE tips jellied meat out of a mould, puts it in the
text: STOREROOM alongside rows of other delicacies
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: GRIET hangs laundry to dry, including a fine CHRISTENING ROBE.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE DAY
text: MEN bring in furniture and hangings, their muddy feet marking
text: the door step. GRIET scrubs it again, her back aches.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: MUSICIANS tuning their instruments: FIDDLE and DRUM and PIPES.
text: CATHARINA plays a melody on the fiddle, the others follow.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL/MARIA THINS ROOM DAY
text: More deliveries: baskets of FLOWERS and GREENERY. MARIA THINS
text: takes money from her cash box for the umpteenth time. She snaps
text: it shut. BANG, BANG at the door.
scene_heading: INT. WASHING KITCHEN DAY
text: GRIET goes to answer the back door. Everything aches and the
text: hand she puts up to the latch is cracked and bleeding.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: PIETER the butcher grins at her. GRIET stares back blankly,
text: stupid with tiredness.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Why are you here?
text: PIETER laughs.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: A nice greeting! When I brought the meat order
dialog: just for you.
text: He gestures to a laden handcart behind him. GRIET hides her
text: hands under her apron.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Better carry it through.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Not even a smile for my pains?
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Not today.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Come on.
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: PIETER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll put it in the book, then? Owed by Griet -
text: one smile.
text: GRIET smiles at last but at that moment PIETER straightens up
text: formally, his open face clouds, his hand automatically takes off
text: his cap. GRIET turns and sees VERMEER watching from the dark
text: interior, his grey eyes running past her to PIETER before he
text: disappears inside. GRIET bites her lip.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE NIGHT
text: Lights blaze from the windows. Torches are set high on the wall
text: to light the street. GUESTS arrive, the rustle of rich materials
text: and glitter of jewels. Already the house is crowded, a bright
text: thrum of voices over the MUSIC.
text: VAN RUIJVEN and his entourage arrive by boat.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: A pig spit-roasts in the backyard, a SMALL BOY sleepily turning
text: the handle.
text: GRIET re-fills wine jugs from a barrel, carries them into the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL NIGHT
text: The remains of a banquet are spread out on long trestle tables
text: in the Hall, the fruit of TANNEKE’S labours - and of most of the
text: bakers, pastry chefs and grocers of Delft. GRIET serves wine.
text: VERMEER sits at one end of the table, VAN RUIJVEN at the other
text: with CATHARINA beside him.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 25
text: She wears her green velvet dress, fat pearls gleam at her neck
text: and ears, her blonde hair is piled high and held in place by
text: beautiful tortoiseshell combs, inlaid with mother-of-pearl. She
text: is still big from the pregnancy but there is a lightness about
text: her now, her eyes darting this way and that, her laughter rising
text: over the other voices, that makes it hard not to look at her.
text: The bundle that is the new BABY is passed from GUEST to GUEST
text: along the table until he starts to yell in protest, when he is
text: handed back, with much laughter, to his mother. CATHARINA coos
text: over him gently, soothing him with a finger, but the WET-NURSE
text: is standing by. Reluctantly she hands him over, the baby latches
text: on greedily to the breast.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Lucky whelp. Where's mine?
text: CATHARINA laughs bravely as he eyes her cleavage. MARIA THINS
text: rises to her feet and taps a glass for quiet.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: Friends and neighbours, our honoured guest
dialog: Master Van Ruijven, Mistress Emilie. Not only
dialog: are we gathered tonight to celebrate the safe
dialog: delivery into this world, God be praised, of
dialog: little Franciscus-
dialog: (Cheers and applause)
dialog: Qur thanks to you all for so many kind presents -
text: but also to rejoice at another birth: a new
dialog: Masterpiece from the hand of my son-in-law,
dialog: Johannes Vermeer.
text: She pulls the cover from the finished painting, which is on an
text: easel by the table. More applause, warm and genuine. No doubt
text: that his talents are admired but VERMEER can only manage a tight
text: formal smile of acknowledgement. VAN RUIJVEN gets to his feet
text: and bows, taking the plaudits as his by right.
text: He walks this way and that before the painting, studying it with
text: a great air of connoisseurship until the room falls quiet. His
text: wife EMILIE VAN RUIJVEN (the subject of the painting), MARIA
text: THINS and CATHARINA wait anxiously on his judgement. Only
text: VERMEER sits still, shielding his painting hand with the other.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Is this Indian yellow?
text: Vermeer nods.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
text: Extracted from the urine of sacred cows fed only
dialog: on mange leaves. You've glazed my wife in dried
dialog: piss, eh?
text: General laughter.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: VERMEER,
dialog: It is the right colour.
text: CATHARINA flashes a look at her husband: Play the game. She
text: motions GRIET to pour more wine.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: (Smiling) I cannot bear the suspense a moment
dialog: more, Master Van Ruijven. Pray tell us what you
dialog: think.
text: VAN RUIJVEN takes a stance in front of the painting,
dialog: authoritative, proprietorial.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: I like it better when the sitter looks out from
dialog: a painting - takes one’s eye, so to speak. Hmm
text: His sharp eyes flick over the worried faces of VERMEER‘S
text: womenfolk. He smiles graciously.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Still, it is good. The colour and perspective
dialog: true, the illusion perfect. Such skill lavished
dialog: on my dear Emilie. Why it is almost as if she
dialog: were thinking.
text: VAN RUIJVEN laughs. MARIA THINS leads more applause - of VAN
text: RUIJVEN'S approval and discerning taste - as VAN RUIJVEN places
text: a heavy purse on the table in front of CATHARINA. EMILIE sits
text: passively - her husband is cruelly accurate - as GRIET pours
dialog: wine for her.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: (Quickly)
dialog: And have you considered a subject for your next
dialog: commission? We cannot expect you to give up
dialog: Emilie for so long again.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Considered - it’s already in hand. Didn't I tell
dialog: you? A coming fellow from Amsterdam.
text: A palpable shock of disappointment from CATHARINA and MARIA
text: THINS. VAN RUIJVEN chats on, enjoying their discomfort.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Trained with Rembrandt Van Rijn, though who
dialog: hasn't these days. A Merry Company by
dialog: Candlelight, candlelight being his forte. I have
dialog: business there at present so it suits me well.
dialog: And he takes a deal more care of his sitters
dialog: than some painters I could name. Fresh coffee
dialog: and cakes aplenty, good company and no stinting
text: the wine flask.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 27
text: MARIA THINS signals for GRIET to refill VAN RUIJVEN’S glass.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: So, what will you daub next, Jan? Have you found
dialog: inspiration up in that room of yours? Is there
text: another patron in Delft with pockets as deep as
dialog: mine?
text: An expectant silence. But there is no other patron and VAN
text: RUIJVEN knows it. The silence grows awkward.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: For pity’s sake you tell him, Master Van
dialog: Ruijven. I swear I bring forth babies with less
text: moaning than he the notion for a painting.
text: General laughter. VAN RUIJVEN stops GRIET, a hand on her arm and
text: grins down the table at VERMEER.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Here's what to paint.
text: VERMEER smiles politely.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd keep her company of course, offer my advice.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Griet. The wine.
text: VAN RUIJVEN lets her go.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Look at her, man. How hard can it be to paint a
dialog: pretty girl?
text: VERMEER glances at GRIET. GRIET is in turmoil; hating the
text: attention yet hoping, in spite of herself, that he'll see
text: something in her. But his eyes slide away.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: I have not found a subject.
text: CATHARINA struggles to put on a brave face.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Are you in this new painting, Emilie?
text: EMILIE opens her mouth, as if she might speak.
speaker_heading: VAN RUILJVEN
dialog: The company is not fit. Besides she likes to
dialog: stay home.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 28
scene_heading: EXT. VERMEER HOUSE DAY
text: Rain drives along the canal and splatters the window panes as
text: GRIET hurriedly pulls them closed from within.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA THINS ROOM DAY
text: LISBETH and ALEYDIS stare glumly out of the window at the rain
text: pouring down; they both have racking coughs. CORNELIA is
text: clacking the pieces on a tric-trac board, MAERTGE is trying to
text: amuse the toddler JOHANNES with pat-a-cake games. CATHARINA
text: paces to and fro failing to soothe the BABY.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Cornelia, stop that noise.
text: GRIET leaves quietly.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: GRIET can still hear CORNELIA arguing with the others
text: downstairs. The perpetual, thin wailing of the BABY. She closes
text: the door, pulls the curtain across.
text: The STUDIO is bare and cold. Only one thing has changed. A new
text: canvas sits blank on the easel.
scene_heading: EXT. VERMEER HOUSE DAY
text: GRIET carries her pitchers to the canal. A few doors down the
text: street BAILIFFS are hauling furniture from a house. A SERVANT
text: comes out after them, holding her apron to her face. TANNEKE has
dialog: come to see what‘s going on.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
text: Bankrupt. Three ships lost in a month they say.
dialog: The shame.
text: GRIET watches wide-eyed as more fine possessions are dragged out
text: and loaded onto a barge.
text: An old GENTLEMAN and his white-haired WIFE come slowly out of
text: the house. Stupefied by their misfortune. The OLD WOMAN tries to
text: intervene to save some personal memento, a BAILIFF pushes her
text: eff roughly so she falls to the ground.
text: TANNEKE crosses herself, warding off evil.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: God save us all. Watch out for Young Mistress —
dialog: she hates to hear of money troubles. She'll turn
dialog: spiteful at this, you mark my words.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 29
scene_heading: INT. COOKING KITCHEN EVENING
text: TANNEKE, GRIET and the CHILDREN are eating their supper in
text: apprehensive silence. The front door opens and shuts.
text: At once CATHARINA’S VOICE rises in complaint, a string of shrill
dialog: accusations.
scene_heading: INT. COOKING KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: It's late and the two servants sit by the fire.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: One year it got so bad they had to sell some of
dialog: her jewels.
text: TANNEKE rolls her eyes in delicious horror at the memory.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Phew! You can imagine how that pleased her. She
text: went off like a thunderclap, crashing all over
dialog: the house - I kept my head down I can tell you.
text: Smashed half the china off the dresser, even
text: went to spoil one of his precious paintings.
dialog: Well, he’s a temper on him too, for all he's so
dialog: quiet. She's never set so much as a foot in the
dialog: studio from that day to this.
text: GRIET listens, open-mouthed.
scene_heading: INT. COOKING KITCHEN/CORRIDOR NIGHT
text: The household has gone to bed. GRIET lingers by the dying embers
text: of the kitchen fire. When she hears the door she gets up.
text: VERMEER comes in quietly, his cloak wrapped around him against
text: the freezing night. His eyes meet GRIET'S for a moment before
text: she looks down and he goes upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA THINS ROOM DAY
text: GRIET in her best lace collar. MARIA THINS counts out small
text: coins into her hand. Far off a church bell ringing, then
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: MARTA THINS
dialog: Off to tell them all about us, eh.
scene_heading: EXT. GATES NEAR BRIDGE - DAY
text: GRIET returns through the gates and over the bridge to the
dialog: poorer quarter. Home.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 30
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH DAY
text: GRIET kneels beside FRANS between her FATHER and MOTHER. Their
dialog: church is a modest place.
text: GRIET'S FATHER holds GRIET’S hand, caressing the callused,
text: cracked fingers.
text: A movement in the doorway. She looks up and sees PIETER.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH DAY
text: The family and PIETER outside the church.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Father, Mother. This is Pieter, our butcher's
text: son. The family’s butcher.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Sir, Mistress. I am glad to meet you.
text: He pauses politely but none of the family are able to take up
text: the conversation. He smiles encouragingly.
speaker_heading: PIETER (CONT'D)
dialog: I've lived in Delft all my life and not seen the
dialog: half of it. So I thought to visit every church
dialog: in the City and find the best.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And how do you like ours?
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Very well. So well I may stop my search here —
dialog: if you'll let me, Mistress.
text: He addresses himself entirely to GRIET’'S MOTHER, who is charmed
text: by his good looks and good manners.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (Laughing) By all means. Will you walk with us a
dialog: little, Pieter?
dialog: (They walk a few steps)
dialog: So, a butcher. That's a good trade.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Griet is the hardest to please of all our
dialog: customers.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Aye, she gets that from me.
text: GRIET is annoyed at the knowing smile that passes between her
text: MOTHER and PIETER. FRANS elbows her.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (To FATHER)
dialog: There now I forgot! We must speak with Willem
dialog: Jansson. Griet, you go on with Pieter here.
text: She whisks her husband and son away, leaving GRIET facing a
text: grinning PIETER.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Ah, Griet. Where's that smile you owe me, when
dialog: I‘ve been so clever as to track you down.
text: GRIET refuses to be impressed.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: You had nothing better to do.
text: The GOSSIPS are watching them, a handsome young man is not going
text: to pass unnoticed. GRIET takes the arm he offers, holds her head
text: up as she walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. CANAL DAY
text: Walking by the canal. There are other courting couples - for
dialog: that’s what they must be - prayer books under their arms, going
text: home slowly. PIETER skims a stone. It bounces and bounces down
text: the flat water, far beyond what seems possible. PIETER laughs,
text: turning back to GRIET, arms wide.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: My lucky day.
text: GRIET’'S arms are folded but she cannot resist answering his
text: smile with her own.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: GRIET looks round the empty studio, wanting to do something. The
text: stretched canvas is as blank as before, the room bleak. She
text: pulls back the last shutter, mottled cold light on the wall.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA THINS ROOM DAY
text: GRIET finds CATHARINA with her mother by the fire, heads
text: together, talking in low voices. CATHARINA glares at GRIET,
text: annoyed at the interruption.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: About the studio, Mistress.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Yes?
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 32
text: CATHARINA rocks the baby’s cradle, to show she is not being
dialog: idle.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Should I clean the windows?
text: CATHARINA rolis her eyes.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: You don’t need to ask me such stuff.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Only it may change the light.
text: CATHARINA pauses, considering this. MARIA THINS smiles wryly.
text: CATHARINA notices.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: (Sharply) Of course wash them.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: Hard at work GRIET wrings out her cloth in a basin of water and
text: wipes the windows. There are patterns of coloured glass, the
text: light stains her fingers as she works; pale blue, rose pink. The
text: same look of absorbed pleasure as when she cut the vegetables.
text: She is startled when she turns to rinse the rag and sees VERMEER
text: standing stock still in the doorway.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I’m sorry sir, I-
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Stay as you were.
text: GRIET stands still, the rag in her hands. That small impatient
text: gesture of his hand.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
text: Just now. At the window.
text: Awkwardly GRIET tries to go back to wiping the window. He points
text: at the rag.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Drop it.
text: She lets it fall. Dirty water splatters on the clean floor.
text: After a moment she pushes the rag under her skirt with one foot.
text: Looks at her left hand again. A sudden laugh of delight from
speaker_heading: VERMEER.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: You can go.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 33
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: GRIET takes down laundry, frozen stiff into scarecrow shapes.
text: From inside the thin keening of the BABY stops for a moment.
text: GRIET breathes in relief, vapour curling from her lips. The BABY
text: starts again, GRIET tenses. CATHARINA calls her.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: It is gloomy in the big room even with candles lit. A small fire
text: burns in the wide grate. The BABY grizzles fretfully, refusing
text: to feed from the WET-NURSE.
text: CATHARINA is at her desk but she looks exhausted, nerves frayed.
text: She frowns at GRIET as if she can’t remember why she is here.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: You called me?
text: Something in the appearance of the maid; her scrupulous
text: neatness, her starched white cap, her blatant youth, is deeply
text: galling to CATHARINA.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: The child needs a draught. (To herself) My
dialog: mother will not be content till one of them dies
dialog: from her meanness. (To GRIET) You will go to the
dialog: apothecary.
text: An errand CATHARINA always reserves for herself.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Me, Madam?
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: I suppose I should do everything! But I have to
dialog: stay with the baby and besides it’s cold and I
dialog: believe I am falling sick too. (Impatiently) I
dialog: will write what to ask for.
text: CATHARINA pushes aside loose papers to make space. Some fall to
text: the ground and GRIET hurries to pick them up. Columns of
text: figures, accounts, bills: CATHARINA snatches them back.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you read?
text: GRIET hesitates, her head dipping under the cap.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I can follow my prayer book.
text: CATHARINA smiles. Starts to write; a big, bold hand, dipping the
text: quill fast and splashing drops of black ink across the paper.
text: She sands and folds the paper with a flourish.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Coltsfoot elixir, hyssop and elderflower. Enough
dialog: for both boys. You will need...
text: She looks through the desk for money. Finds only a few coins.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: No, no, that's not it! To go on the Master's
dialog: account.
text: She hands the note to GRIET, flushed with indignation.
scene_heading: INT. WASHING KITCHEN DAY
text: Anywhere away from a fireside is bitterly cold. GRIET shivers as
text: she puts on her wooden pattens, wraps her rough woollen shawl
text: tighter round her shoulders. The room darkens.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Griet.
text: She spins round. VERMEER has followed her in to the narrow
text: space. He puts a hand out, as one might to calm a frightened
text: animal, then lets it fall.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: It’s very cold.
text: She waits, tense at the sudden strangeness.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you get something for me too?
text: VERMEER hands her a scrap of paper.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Some colours. He knows.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: On your account, sir?
text: VERMEER is taken aback for a moment.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Yes. My wife need not know.
text: The exchange feels conspiratorial, guilty, reinforced by the
text: dark and narrow space. He touches the edge of her shawl.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: (Vaguely) This is too thin. I have a cloak-
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: CORNELIA (0/S)
dialog: Can I come?
text: VERMEER shakes his head, coming out of the moment. He turns
text: abruptly and pushes past CORNELIA who is peering inquisitively.
text: GRIET tucks the paper into her shawl quickly, but not fast
text: enough to avoid CORNELIA’S sharp eyes.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: No. It's too cold.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: What's that?
text: GRIET bites her lip.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I have to get medicines for your brother. You
dialog: don’t want to get sick too.
text: But the evasion - the lie - hangs between them. CORNELIA’S eyes
text: narrow, cat-like, accusing.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: You better hurry. We had a brother that died.
scene_heading: EXT. DELFT STREETS DAY
text: A single skater pushes a sled-barrow down the frozen canal,
text: hunched against the biting wind. GRIET hurries along deserted
dialog: streets.
scene_heading: INT. APOTHECARY‘S DAY
text: Three steps down into the gloom of the apothecary’s shop. GRIET
text: shakes the snow off her shawl and looks around: the first time
dialog: she has ever been in such a place.
text: All around the walls glass bottles and jars are filled with dark
text: liquids or packed with dried herbs. A desiccated lizard dangles
text: in mid-air. The atmosphere is smoky from a grumbling peat fire.
speaker_heading: APOTHECARY
dialog: Well?
text: GRIET is startled. Peering into the corner by the fire she sees
text: a tiny old man, as brown and wrinkled as one of his remedies. He
text: is watching her curiously.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: My Mistress, Catharina Bolnes, sent me. The baby
dialog: is sick.
text: She brings out the note and the old man scans it quickly and
text: starts getting down different jars and bottles, weighing out
text: herbs in his scales.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: APOTHECARY
dialog: You must be the new maid. She spoke of you, I
dialog: guessed you were pretty. Is she expecting again,
dialog: that she sent you? This weather, eh.
text: GRIET watches his quick hands working, crushing and mixing the
text: dried leaves.
speaker_heading: APOTHECARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Cold cures where it don't kill.
text: The APOTHECARY ties up the packages neatly.
speaker_heading: APOTHECARY (CONT'D)
dialog: There. My best regards to your Mistress. And
dialog: Master Van der Meer.
text: GRIET reaches into her shawl and pulls out his paper.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: The Master...
text: The APOTHECARY opens it and finds VERMEER’S instructions. He
text: frowns at GRIET.
speaker_heading: APOTHECARY
dialog: He always gets this himself.
text: GRIET meets his eyes, blank to their prying.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: The weather.
speaker_heading: APOTHECARY
dialog: Hm.
text: With another suspicious look at her he climbs a ladder to a high
text: cupboard and unlocks it with a key chained to his belt. Clearly
text: the pigments are the most precious things in his shop. He takes
text: out dark glass jars, sealed with wax, stands them on the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: APOTHECARY (CONT'D)
dialog: A year's wages couldn't buy you these.
text: GRIET stares at the mysterious raw materials of magic.
speaker_heading: APOTHECARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (approving)
dialog: He wants the very best, it's all that matters to
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. VERMEER HOUSE DAY
text: Bitter cold weather, the wind whips snow flurries along the
text: frozen canals. Even so, one window is open up in the studio.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 37
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: At first we see only over the model's shoulder; VERMEER
text: painting, his face rapt with concentration. Moving round the
text: camera reveals one of CATHARINA’S bodices, blue striped with
text: yellow, then GRIET‘S white cap. But the model is not GRIET.
text: Another GIRL, pale and thin, stands in the same pose, encased
text: asexually in CATHARINA’S clothes.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL EVENING
text: GRIET is mopping the floor on hands and knees when MARIA THINS'
text: black cane pins down her cloth. GRIET looks up, startled. The
text: old woman studies her, a thin smile.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: He's started a new painting. But you know that.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Yes, Madam.
text: MARIA THINS is watching her sharply.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: There's no buyer, he wont even let me see it.
dialog: But he's working again... It usually takes
dialog: longer.
text: CORNELIA runs in through the front door, dirty footprints on the
dialog: clean floor.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: Grandmother, Aleydis won't give me-
text: MARIA THINS cuffs her sharply.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: See what you've done, silly child! Now Griet
dialog: must do it over.
text: CORNELIA scowls at GRIET. MARIA THINS softens.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: There, poppet, get along and don't sulk.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR NIGHT
text: Going to bed GRIET sees that her things have been disturbed. Her
text: tile has been deliberately broken in half, she and Frans split
text: either side of the jagged edge. She is very upset.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 38
scene_heading: INT. MARIA THINS ROOM DAY
text: While the other girls bend diligently over their cushions and
text: bobbins CORNELIA teases a kitten with the dangling threads of
text: her lace work. GRIET, with a pile of mending before her, tries
text: to concentrate. The kitten’s claws snag in the delicate threads.
text: CORNELIA laughs.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: You'll spoil it.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: I don't care.
text: She gets up, letting the cushion fall on the floor, pins and
text: bobbins scattering.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Pick it up.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: No.
text: The other CHILDREN are watching round-eyed. Gentle MAERTGE tries
dialog: to make peace.
speaker_heading: MAERTGE
dialog: (Pleading) Cornelia.
text: CORNELIA sneers at GRIET.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: You don’t tell me what to do. You're only a
dialog: servant.
text: GRIET gets up angrily and CORNELIA, scared and excited, hides
text: behind the furniture.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Go away! Leave me alone! I didn't do anything.
text: CATHARINA comes hurrying in, the BABY asleep in her arms.
text: CORNELIA runs to her, clings to her skirts as if for protection.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: What’s the matter?
text: There is no answer, except CORNELIA’S plaintive snivels.
text: CATHARINA pets her distractedly but the BABY has woken and
text: starts crying again. CATHARINA glares at GRIET.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: What's wrong with you? Be off about your work.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 39
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/STUDIO DAY
text: GRIET sees with relief that the STUDIO door is open. She steps
text: inside and leans against it, shutting out the hostile world, the
text: noise and clatter of everyday life. It is not till she is three
text: steps into the room that she realises VERMEER is there, silent
text: and still on his painting stool.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I’m sorry, sir.
text: He waves her into silence, concentrated on his painting.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Stay.
text: GRIET waits awkwardly in the middle of the room.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
text: The lead-white needs re-filling from the
text: cupboard.
text: GRIET opens the door revealing jars, pouches and pots of
text: different pigments. She takes one of the larger pots and
text: Measures out white paste into the small dish on the table.
text: VERMEER seems to pay no more attention to her. She stands and
text: watches, enthralled, as he mixes and thins the paint on the
text: palette, making marks with a sure hand.
text: GRIET stares at the chilly MODEL standing uncomfortably at the
text: window, trying to see what he sees. She looks back at the table
text: and then, seized by an inspiration, she goes quietly to the
text: cupboard. She looks through the jars until she sees the one she
dialog: wants.
text: VERMEER comes over to the mixing table to re-fill his palette
text: with white. He sees the other colour.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t ask for blue.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Her skirt. I thought-
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: (Cold outrage)
dialog: Put it away.
text: He turns back to the easel. She is left at the table holding the
text: little pot of blue.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 40
scene_heading: EXT. CANAL DAY
text: GRIET walks along a parapet, at the end PIETER must jump her
text: down. They are in a corner sheltered by a bridge. He keeps hold
text: of her waist, slides one hand up to her neck.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: (Tender) Griet.
text: He moves closer, she tries to push him away, he laces his
text: fingers through hers. She focuses on his hand: dried blood caked
text: at the base of the nails. He smiles at her, starts to lift one
text: side of her cap.
speaker_heading: PIETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me see your hair.
text: She pulls the cap down, he tugs it up again, laughing.
speaker_heading: PIETER (CONT'D)
dialog: What colour is it?
text: She pushes him off.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: (Lying)
dialog: Brown.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Straight or curly?
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: (A beat) Neither.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Long? Very long?
text: He tries to pull off the cap again. She beats at his arms in
text: deadly earnest.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: No!
text: He sees she is serious, lets his hands drop. She straightens her
text: cap in silence.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: It was only a game.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Mother will expect me home.
text: PIETER grins.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: She knows where you are.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 41
text: GRIET shoots him a look of fury, outraged at the truth and shame
dialog: of it.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: GRIET cleans the picture setting, buffing the silver jug, her
text: reflection distorted in the gleaming metal. She compares the
text: setting to the painting. Areas are blocked in dark colours: the
text: jug and bowl are red-brown, the girl’s skirt is black. Dull,
text: dead colours.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Griet.
text: VERMEER is behind her, his dark reflection overwhelming hers in
text: the jug. He can't apologise, turns instinctively to the painting
dialog: for support.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you looking at it?
text: GRIET nods.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Well?
text: GRIET hesitates, then blurts out her confusion.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I don’t understand. Nothing is the right colour.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Like the blue skirt? This is the base colour, it
text: gives the tone, the shadow and light. When it's
text: dry I glaze over with blue, but thinly so the
text: black shows through.
text: VERMEER walks to the window and opens it wide.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, Griet. Look at the clouds.
text: She steps to the window, he moves aside but still close enough
text: to feel the warmth of his body. She stares intently at the puffy
text: clouds and blue sky.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: What colour are they?
text: She frowns, it must be some kind of trick. Wants to speak but
dialog: dare not. That impatient gesture.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: White?
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 42
text: She knows it was the wrong thing to say and can see he is about
text: to dismiss her.
speaker_heading: GRIET (CONT'D)
text: No, not white. There are colours in the clouds.
text: Blue, yellow, grey....
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Yes. Now you understand.
text: She doesn't, but she doesn’t want to admit it. She steals a
text: glance at him, his sombre face aglow.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Forget how the world is meant to be. Only look
text: beneath. In the shadows.
text: Words frustrate him.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: (A command) Look, Griet.
scene_heading: INT. COOKING KITCHEN DAY
text: GRIET stares out of the high kitchen window at scudding clouds,
text: a pewter jug forgotten in her hands.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: Thinking about your butcher boy?
text: She laughs, not unkindly, as GRIET blushes and goes back to
text: polishing the jug.
scene_heading: EXT. DELFT STREETS/APOTHECARY’S SHOP - DAY
text: GRIET slips away from the Market stalls down the alley to the
text: Apothecary's shop.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS DAY
text: GRIET creeps up the stairs and slides through the studio door.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: VERMEER is sitting, massaging his painting hand as he stares at
text: the painting, no brush or palette to be seen.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: (at length)
dialog: sir?
text: She holds out the little packages from the apothecary. He looks
text: back at the drab reds and browns of his painting, already seeing
dialog: what will be there.
dialog: Novenber 2003
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Did you get the lapis?
text: GRIET finds a small lump of blackish stone (lapis lazuli).
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: For the skirt. (An afterthought) You can mix the
dialog: colours.
text: GRIET is excited, but also fearful.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Mix the colours?
text: He is already pulling open his painting cupboard, taking out
text: scallop shells, a wide copper bowl.
speaker_heading: GRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, I haven't time. All the chores-
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Make time.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: In here, sir? With you?
text: VERMEER makes his impatient gesture, then realises what she is
dialog: saying.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: No, no. Upstairs. Come.
text: In a corner of the studio is a wooden ladder leading up. VERMEER
text: climbs up swiftly, leaving GRIET alone. Hesitating a moment she
text: picks up the bowl and dishes and clambers after him.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC DAY
text: A bare, bright room. The only furniture is a heavy table with a
text: stone top, dipped in the centre and a cupboard with many small
dialog: drawers.
text: VERMEER lays out the pigments with deft, delicate fingers. Dark
text: powders and unpromising lumps of ore.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
text: Cochineal..cinnabar..indigo..burnt umber.. Lapis
dialog: lazuli.
text: He hangs over them with the helpless love of the obsessive.
text: GRIET watches in fascination.
text: He fishes narrow strips - “buckles” - of lead from a jar of
text: brown liguid. They are furred with white powder which he scrapes
text: into a dish.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
text: Lead-white.
text: A dark mash of grape skins and pips is spooned into the copper
dialog: bowl.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: This will make verdigris.
text: From one of the packages he takes little black sticks.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Bone black. You grind it with the muller, like
dialog: this.
text: He takes a smooth egg-shape stone from the table, puts a piece
text: of charred bone into the dip and quickly grinds it to a fine
text: powder. Deftly he spoons it into a shell.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, you try.
text: He puts another piece of bone in the hollow. GRIET picks up the
text: muller and tries to do as he did. She finds it awkward, the
text: stone slips in her hand, the bone flakes out of the hollow.
text: VERMEER watches her intently.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
text: Twist from the shoulder.
text: He puts his hand over hers.
text: At the shock of his touch she freezes, her breath and his loud
text: in the silence. His white hand on hers, outlined against the
text: black powder. The seconds stretch. She recoils abruptly and the
text: muller skids from her grasp across the table.
scene_heading: INT. COOKING KITCHEN/CORRIDOR NIGHT
text: GRIET sneaks through the house in the blue-grey before dawn.
text: Through the room where TANNEKE and the WET NURSE are snoring.
text: The BABY starts to cry and the WET NURSE stumbles out of bed to
text: the HALL, TANNEKE moans at her. GRIET shrinks into the shadows
text: as the disturbance spreads among the sleepers all around her.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS -NIGHT
text: She climbs the stairs. Stops outside the studio door and feels
text: above the frame for a hidden key.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC DAWN
text: GRIET grinds and refines colours, sieving the ground dust
text: through a muslin, absorbed in her work.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 45
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL NIGHT
text: GRIET helps TANNEKE fold sheets into the linen cupboard. TANNEKE
text: yawns theatrically.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: Lord, I‘m that tired I can barely stand.
text: CATHARINA is preparing to go out, she is in high spirits. Her
text: jewel box is open and she wears a wide white linen collar to
text: protect her rich yellow mantle from her face powder. The girls
text: are hanging around her, CORNELIA trying on her necklaces.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Be careful, pigeon.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: How much longer is the wet nurse to be with us,
dialog: Mistress?
text: CATHARINA doesn’t look round from the mirror.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: I don’t know. A month or so. Cornelia, no! Not
dialog: my pearls.
text: CORNELIA puts back a heavy pearl necklace, takes an inlaid
text: tortoiseshell comb from the jewel box. MAERTGE smoothes her
text: mother’s elaborately dressed hair, helping to pat the curls into
text: place round her forehead.
text: TANNEKE sighs again.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: A month! Or more!
text: CATHARINA dangles a bright chain over the BABY’S crib fondly,
text: laughing as his fat fingers grab for it.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Ah, ah, greedy! (To TANNEKE) Franciscus is
text: taking his rusk now but he still needs milk.
dialog: Why? What is it to you?
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: Oh nothing. She's eating us out of house and
dialog: home for a start...
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: She must eat well - for the baby.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: All I'm saying is, I can't cook twice as much
text: and have no sleep at all. It’s more than a body
dialog: can stand, to be woken all hours by her coming
dialog: and going.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 46
text: CATHARINA holds up her pearl earrings and approves herself with
text: a smile.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Tell her to be quiet then.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: If I could move back to the cellar...
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Well, you can't. Griet has your place.
text: GRIET continues to fold linen quietly, hearing the unreasonable
text: tone in CATHARINA’S voice at her name.
text: VERMEER kneels on the black and white tiles playing stones with
text: little JOHANNES. Now he looks up.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Why not move Tanneke back?
text: The WOMEN all look at him in astonishment. He is not one for
text: domestic detail. He throws the stones again, seeming
text: unconcerned.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
text: Put a mattress in the attic for Griet. Tanneke
dialog: can sleep soundly and Griet may clean the studio
text: before she comes down in the morning.
text: CATHARINA, GRIET and TANNEKE take in the implications of this
text: warily. He smiles wide-eyed, like Cornelia bent on mischief.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Well?
text: Catharina plays for time, takes her necklace back from CORNELIA
text: to put in her jewel box.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: My jewels! You always have my jewels up there to
dialog: paint. She...
text: VERMEER comes to her, offering a key like a love token.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: You lock up at night, open it in the morning.
text: He puts the key in her hand, CATHARINA weighs it up. She wants
text: this key, this control, but.. She glances over at GRIET
text: surreptitiously. GRIET is frozen, waiting for her fate to be
dialog: decided.
text: CATHARINA adds the key to the bunch at her waist.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: There. Are you satisfied, Tanneke?
text: TANNEKE throws GRIET a sour look, feeling the girl has somehow
dialog: come out better than her.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: (Sulkily) Yes, Mistress.
text: VERMEER touches CATHARINA’S linen collar.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: What is this? You’ve never worn it before.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: (Laughing) Only every time I go out. It catches
dialog: the powder.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Hmm.
text: He is looking at her with his painter’s eye, runs a hand over
text: her cheek and jaw, watching the shadows.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: That's good. May I have it?
text: Tugging at the bow already. His fingers caress her neck.
text: CATHARINA pushes him away cheerfully.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: No, Jan! We shall be late. Again.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC DAY
text: GRIET wakes early. The sun is streaming through the attic
text: skylight, church bells ringing over the town. A wonderful sense
text: of freedom after the dark cellar.
text: She lays out her few precious things on a beam, puts her prayer
text: book by the trapdoor.
text: She strains a pigment left to soak overnight, takes off her
text: “painting” apron before climbing down to the studio.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: The room is spotlessly clean and tidy. GRIET inspects the
dialog: painting.
text: The girl’s clothes and the objects all have their true colours
text: now: the blue skirt shadowed with black; red just visible under
text: the multiplicity of reflected colours in the bowl.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 48
text: The girl in the painting wears not only GRIET’S cap, cowling her
text: face, but the wide white collar CATHARINA wore to powder
text: herself. The effect is nun-like, a physical and spiritual
text: separation from the body. A chair fills the foreground, adding
dialog: depth to the composition.
text: GRIET frowns. Something is not right. She blocks different parts
text: with her hands.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS DAY
text: CATHARINA unlocks the door, the great bunch of keys jangling and
text: knocking her hand. GRIET is waiting inside, eyes down. CATHARINA
text: stands aside for her to leave, the girl goes by her without
text: looking up, a murmur of acknowledgement.
text: CATHARINA looks into the empty studio, craning her neck to see
text: something significant in the bare room.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC DAY
text: GRIET is grinding pigment, her action now as smooth and easy as
text: VERMEER’S, a quiet trance-like state, Interrupted by MEN'S
speaker_heading: VOICES.
speaker_heading: MAN (0/S)
dialog: You might get your own and save my back.
text: GRIET freezes. They are coming into the STUDIO. Below her noises
text: of moving furniture, a grunt as the MEN lift something heavy.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (0/8)
text: Maria Thins suspects it a distraction.
speaker_heading: MAN (0/S)
dialog: From painting? How could a painter ignore such
dialog: an invent-
speaker_heading: VERMEER (0/S)
dialog: From finishing.
text: They laugh. GRIET peers down into the STUDIO.
speaker_heading: GRIET'S POV
text: VERMEER holds one end of the camera obscura, the MAN (VAN
text: LEEUWENHOEK) the other. An extension, obviously home-made, has
text: been put on one end and they are struggling to fit the whole
text: contraption safely on the table.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: VAN LEEUWENHOEK talks at top speed, ideas bursting out without
text: time to catch his breath.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 49
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: Did I tell you I ground a perfect lens last
text: week? The very smallest distortion at one edge.
dialog: Careful - I was awake a great part of the night
dialog: at this; the new lens is not so well-~secured as
dialog: I wanted.
text: They lift the box but as they do so VAN LEEUWENHOEK catches
text: sight of GRIET watching from the attic. He gasps and drops his
text: end of the camera obscura with a crash.
speaker_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK (CONT'D)
dialog: Aah! There’s a girl in your attic.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
text: The lens is off.
text: GRIET hides.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: Confound it, the whole thing is out of true.
dialog: What's she doing up there?
text: He starts disassembling the camera obscura as he talks.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Can you set it right?
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: Hmm.. I don’t know... You see the
dialog: bracket...no,no I believe it is only a little
dialog: bent...if I... Hold that steady, yes, there it
dialog: goes... I know who she is! Catharina complained
text: at length - a brace of customers waiting - at
dialog: the strain of running so large a household. I
dialog: thought she was bragging.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Come down, Griet.
scene_heading: (to VAN LEEUWENHOEK )
dialog: If you kept your shop in better order you
dialog: wouldn't have to listen to so much talk
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: It's the talk fills my shop - and with sickness
dialog: in the town that's no small matter. I am not the
dialog: only draper in Delft selling fine silk in five
dialog: weights but I am the only one willing and able
dialog: to converse on any subject under God's sun.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: (drily)
dialog: Hold forth.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 50
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: So Griet, now we are on the level - Antony Van
dialog: Leeuwenhoek, your servant - What were you doing
dialog: in the attic? Spying for Mother Thins?
text: GRIET hesitates, this is her secret with VERMEER. But something
text: in VAN LEEUWENHOEK'S face gives her confidence.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Grinding pigments, sir.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: Griet the Assistant, eh? What next? Have you
dialog: taken a pupil at last? You won't teach me.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: You have no aptitude. She can stand in if it's
dialog: working. Over there,
text: Uncertainly GRIET takes up the pose of the model at the window.
text: The two MEN burrow under VERMEER'S cloak to see the image. They
text: look more than a little absurd, a sort of lumpy pantomime horse.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: A little more, stop, the other way, more more...
dialog: there. D'you see the diffraction- ow, my foot.
text: GRIET’S lips curl upwards.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Stop that, Griet.
text: GRIET tries to look solemn.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: (Sharply) Don’t think. You're spoiling the
dialog: picture.
text: GRIET struggles to obey. VAN LEEUWENHOEK emerges from under the
text: cloak, laughing.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: You're a tyrant. Tell her next she may not
dialog: breathe, your blessed picture doesn't. (Looking
dialog: at the painting) What does it mean? Who is she?
text: GRIET holds her breath. VERMEER straightens up, turns away.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: No one. A vision I had,
text: They move away, leaving GRIET in the painting corner.
dialog: November 2003
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
text: Why isn't Van Ruijven buying it? His pockets are
dialog: deep enough surely, even if he never pays a bill
dialog: till the next quarter but one. Did you quarrel?
speaker_heading: VERMEER
text: He chooses a painter who offers wine and
dialog: company.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: Are you being stiff-necked, Jan? He's visited by
dialog: every notable in the country - still waiting for
dialog: my invitation - and your pictures are the pride
dialog: of his collection.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: He has good taste.
text: VAN LEEUWENHOEK laughs.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: It isn't modesty holds you back! Make it up with
dialog: him for God's sake.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: It's not that he tells me what to paint and how;
dialog: I know to sup with the Devil I must take a long
dialog: spoon. No, it's why he wants them.
text: VAN LEEUWENHOEK lowers his voice.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: That business with the maid? You're only a
text: painter, Jan, not his confessor.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: You know he offered to lend me more money?
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: Well, if you need some maybe I could-
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: It's not the money. He’s greedy. The paintings
dialog: aren't enough. He would be my Master.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: He's used to having his way and you cross him,
dialog: that's-
text: The door opens abruptly and MARIA THINS stands there.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: It's true then. You are here.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: Mistress Thins. You look well. I have the black
dialog: satin-
text: MARIA THINS ignores him, turns angrily on her son-in-law.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: You told me you were painting today.
text: VERMEER cradles his painting hand.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: I am. I was.
text: She is too annoyed to be able to speak to him, switches back to
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK.
speaker_heading: MARTA THINS
dialog: Anthony, it's time you were on your way and pray
dialog: God you never have the burden of a family to
dialog: interrupt your interesting notions.
text: VAN LEEUWENHOEK bows to her.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: Your servant, Mistress. Good Day Jan. Griet.
text: MARIA THINS looks thunderstruck as she realises GRIET, still in
text: the painting pose, has witnessed this scene.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
text: What the Devil is she- Downstairs, girl. At
dialog: once.
text: GRIET hurries to leave. MARIA THINS turns to VERMEER again.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: (Hissing)
dialog: Joannis, in the Name of Christ - think! You are
text: not the only one in this house with eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - EVENING
text: It is the end of the day. TANNEKE sits on a bench trying to
text: light a pipe. GRIET takes down the last of the laundry. CORNELIA
text: and MAERTGE are practising dance steps.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: No need for the Fish Market tomorrow, Mistress
dialog: wants eggs.
text: She puffs at the pipe, drawing out the moment. Looks over at the
dialog: two girls.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: (lowered voice)
dialog: No, she cannot abide the smell when she’s with
dialog: child.
text: GRIET, arms full of baby clothes, can’t hide her surprise.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: So soon?
text: TANNEKE is delighted to be first with bad news.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: As if there weren't enough mouths to feed
dialog: already. But what can you do?
text: She looks up to the lit studio window significantly.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Men!
text: GRIET doesn’t want to hear this.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Did you never want children, Tanneke? Your own
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: Dunno. Maybe I will, one day.
text: Again GRIET is taken aback. TANNEKE laughs.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: How old did you think I was, then?
text: Wisely GRIET doesn’t attempt to guess. If she did she might say
dialog: forty.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Started with Old Mistress when I was fourteen.
dialog: (Counting on her fingers) Year before Maertge
dialog: was born. What‘s that, then?
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: (Promptly, she must have been
dialog: listening all along)
dialog: Twenty eight.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: Twenty eight. There you are.
text: GRIET is horrified but TANNEKE examines her beefy forearms and
text: broad girth with some satisfaction.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s the work does it. Few more years, you’ll
text: thicken up.
scene_heading: INT. COOKING KITCHEN/GREAT HALL NIGHT
text: GRIET must pass through the Great Hall to get to bed but dare
text: not interrupt the scene before her.
text: CATHARINA sits at the delicate keyboard of a spinet, all her
text: fretful energy released in the music, her hands floating over
dialog: the notes.
text: VERMEER leans forward to turn the page for her, inhaling her
text: scent. His hand caresses her bare shoulder. A deeply sensual,
text: intimate moment.
text: GRIET sinks back in the shadows.
scene_heading: EXT. CANALSIDE - EVENING
text: GRIET playfully runs away from PIETER. He catches her and kisses
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: GRIET lays out colours for the day with absolute certainty and
text: precision, glancing at the painting to be sure of what is
dialog: needed.
text: She stops short, circles the easel, looking from different
dialog: angles.
text: Very carefully and deliberately she drags the heavy lion-headed
text: chair out of the foreground of the setting.
text: She looks at what she’s done, astonished by her own boldness.
text: The key turns in the lock, she hurries to the door, breathless.
text: Instead of CATHARINA, CORNELIA is at the door, holding the heavy
text: bunch of keys with pride. She eyes GRIET intently, taking
text: advantage of her surprise.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: (Accusing)
dialog: What were you doing?
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 55
text: GRIET is wrong-footed, tries to keep calm.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Where's your mother?
text: CORNELIA is peering into the studio over GRIET'S shoulder.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: She has a headache. You're to mind the little
dialog: ones this morning.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE DAY
text: GRIET sits on the bench in the sunshine with baby FRANCISCUS on
text: her knee. LISBETH and ALEYDIS are playing with their dolls,
text: CORNELIA interfering in their game. MAERTGE is sewing.
text: VERMEER comes down the street, CORNELIA and LISBETH run to meet
text: him. He goes into the house without looking at GRIET. She waits,
dialog: tense.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE NIGHT
text: GRIET carries her candle through the darkened house and
text: upstairs. She stands outside the studio door, hardly daring to
dialog: go in.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO NIGHT
text: The room is neat and empty. No sign of work, the window closed,
text: the cupboard locked. GRIET holds up her candle to see the
text: painting. He has made her change, painted out the chair. GRIET
text: stares, exultant, at what she has done.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC DAY
text: GRIET and VERMEER are at work preparing colours; GRIET grinding
text: bone black, VERMEER kneading a paste of precious blue lapis
text: lazuli. VERMEER clears his throat.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Why did you move the chair?
text: GRIET pauses, not uncertain, but wanting to say rightly what she
dialog: means.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: When you took the map from the painting of
dialog: Mistress Van Ruijven - it was better.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 56
text: She puts down the muller, thinking it through carefully.
speaker_heading: GRIET (CONT'D)
text: The clear space below her arm, it balances the
text: wall above now. She is not trapped.
text: She has finished and looks up at him for his reaction but he
text: stands still and silent for a long time. At last he starts
text: working again, GRIET picks up her muller too. Almost at once he
dialog: stops.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: So. I never thought to learn from a maid.
text: They are both very still, their hands next to each other by the
text: bright pigments. His beautiful long, white fingers, so close to
text: hers they can feel each other’s warmth.
text: Then suddenly a clatter of footsteps and voices below; MARIA
text: THIN’S voice, a warning tone.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: Griet, are you up there?
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: VERMEER climbs down the ladder. MARIA THINS is at the door, her
text: eyes flick anxiously up to the ATTIc.
text: CATHARINA fumes behind her, infuriated at her exclusion, her
text: hair half-dressed.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
text: One of my tortoiseshell combs is gone.
dialog: It is an accusation not a statement.
text: VERMEER stands at the window, looking out. GRIET reads disaster
text: in MARIA THINS’ scowl. CATHARINA's eyes rest on a smear of
text: scarlet madder on GRIET's arm. She draws herself up with fierce
text: dignity. She is totally vindicated.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps now I will be listened to in my own
text: home. She's nothing but trouble.
text: She sweeps her skirt round to go downstairs, MARIA THINS close
text: behind, her clever, soothing words for once pass unheeded.
text: CORNELIA’S face at the door, a brief triumphant smirk before she
text: follows them. Suddenly GRIET understands.
text: GRIET and VERMEER are left alone in the studio. A painful
text: silence, punctuated by the WOMEN’S VOICES from below.
text: VERMEER turns abruptly and crosses the room, not meeting her
text: eyes. As he reaches the door:
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Master. I did not do it.
text: He hesitates, back turned.
speaker_heading: GRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: (A whisper) Help me.
text: On his face, frozen in dismay.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE DAY
text: The whole house in uproar: CATHARINA furious, CORNELIA crying,
text: TANNEKE red-faced with indignation.
text: VERMEER goes from room to room, pulling back bed covers,
text: sweeping stuff off shelves, the WOMEN squawking behind him like
dialog: hens.
text: He finds GRIET’S tortoiseshell comb under CORNELIA‘S mattress.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Cornelia!
scene_heading: INT. MARIA THINS ROOM DAY
text: It is MARIA THINS who takes up her cane while CATHARINA turns
text: away weeping. CORNELIA’S face is white and defiant, her grey
text: eyes like stone.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: VERMEER and MARTA THINS sit at the oak table while CATHARINA
text: paces to and fro, kicking her skirts out of her way. There is
text: something a little unhinged, disturbing, about her anger, the
text: way it controls her body, jerks her this way and that.
text: GRIET and TANNEKE stand and face the family, but CATHARINA acts
text: as if GRIET weren't in the room.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
text: She’s dishonest. Always sneaking around, skiving
dialog: her work.
text: GRIET looks towards VERMEER, hoping he will explain, defend her.
text: He is studying his boots. MARIA THINS glares at her warningly.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
text: Tanneke has complained of it. Creeping upstairs
dialog: all day long.
text: She bumps against the table in her anger, thumps it with her
text: open hand. VERMEER half-reaches out to her. She stops abruptly,
text: she might be going to hit him. MARIA THINS decides to take
dialog: charge.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: My daughter is right. There has been too much
text: sneaking about.
text: Her tone includes her son-in-law in the charge.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: (A fresh outburst) I only took her out of
dialog: charity. If I'd thought-
text: MARIA THINS cuts her off.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: With another child due we need the extra help.
text: CATHARINA is quelled for the moment.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: Griet, fit in all your duties and do not slack
dialog: or it will be the worse for you.
text: Her eyes are dark and beady, calculating, holding them all in
text: her grasp.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: I shall invite Master Van Ruijven. Joannis must
dialog: have a new commission. And it will have to be a
text: big one, several figures.
text: VERMEER cradles his painting hand in the other protectively, but
text: he neither speaks nor looks at any of them. MARIA THINS claps
text: her hands, dismissing them all.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
text: Now back to work.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA THINS ROOM DAY
text: CATHARINA is very nervous, she brushes the GIRLS’ hair, ignoring
dialog: their protests.
text: GRIET helps MAERTGE into her first grown-up dress, of which she
text: is shyly proud. MAERTGE will never be a beauty but dressed up,
text: her hair curled and ribboned, she begins to look like a lady:
text: only a couple of years younger than GRIET but already her life
text: set on an utterly different course.
text: CATHARINA sees them together - the mousy, richly-dressed girl,
text: the linen-capped maid who effortlessly eclipses her — and her
text: mouth tightens.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Maertge! Come here.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 59
text: Obediently MAERTGE goes to her MOTHER. CATHARINA’S hands are
text: still busy taming CORNELIA’S hair, she can think of nothing to
text: keep MAERTGE with her.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t gawk your head like that, child. It’s
dialog: ugly.
text: MAERTGE droops instantly. CORNELIA pokes her tongue out at her
text: sister, winces as CATHARINA tugs at her hair.
text: NOISE from outside, the guests arriving. They all run to look
text: out of the window.
scene_heading: EXT. VERMEER HOUSE DAY - THEIR P.O.V.
text: VAN RUIJVEN, with his wife and daughter, arrives at the house in
text: grand style on their barge. Their clothes are even richer, his
text: voice booms louder than before. VERMEER, stepping forward to
text: greet him, looks shabby in comparison.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: As the honoured guests VAN RUIJVEN sits at one end of the table,
text: his WIFE EMILIE on VERMEER’S right. VAN RUIJVEN meets
text: CATHARINA‘S eye with a lascivious grin.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: I swear you get lovelier every time I see you,
dialog: Catharina. Do you paint yourself?
text: He laughs again, then licks a finger and rubs it on CATHARINA’S
text: cheek, examines it for signs of make-up. As an afterthought
text: licks it again, as if he had dipped it in honey. CATHARINA
text: smiles at him, a woman of the world.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: One painter in the house is enough. Raising my
dialog: children is all my pride.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Ah, little Maertge. Filling out nicely, isn’t
dialog: she?
text: MAERTGE, sitting between her MOTHER and FATHER, quails at his
text: attention, ears burning red.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: All those girls, eh. Lads swarming round ‘em
dialog: like flies before long. If I were a few years
dialog: younger...
text: GRIET serves EMILIE VAN RUIJVEN, as calm and silent as her
dialog: painting.
text: MARIA THINS turns to VAN RUIJVEN with a smile.
dialog: Noverber 2003
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: A connoisseur in everything, Master Van Ruijven.
dialog: But you should be faithful to one mistress above
dialog: all others.
text: VAN RUIJVEN is intrigued.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: Art. Your name will surely be famed as one of
dialog: the great patrons, the Maecenas of Delft. With
dialog: your exquisite taste, your subtle understanding
dialog: of allegory and allusion-
text: VAN RUIJVEN laughs, head back.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Damn, you could sell sour milk to cows, woman.
dialog: What do you want now?
text: MARIA THINS straightens the delicate white lace on her cuff.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
text: A group painting. A family portrait perhaps...
text: She glances at VERMEER, knowing he won't like this. He
text: concentrates on helping MAERTGE.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: Yourself and Emilie. Your lovely daughter too.
text: No sign of interest from VAN RUIJVEN. MARIA THINS pushes
dialog: further.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: Or a Merry Company. Wine and a good meal on the
dialog: table; a still life with your friends all about.
text: (A beat) Music and dancing.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Better, better.
text: GRIET serves MARIA THINS. CATHARINA puts a hand on VAN RUIJVEN’S
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: It will have to be a Slow Measure if he paints
dialog: it.
text: VAN RUIJVEN leans closer to her, shamelessly ogling her
text: cleavage.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: That‘s the only dance I know.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 61
text: They giggle together like smutty children. GRIET goes round to
text: serve VAN RUIJVEN, head down, shoulders hunched, trying to be
dialog: invisible.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s truth in what you say, Maria, larded in
dialog: with all those sweet words. It so happens your
dialog: son-in-law is a damn fine painter, as good as
dialog: any Amsterdam fellow I’d say-
text: He breaks off to take a mouthful of meat.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Bh, that’s good. Fat Tanneke learnt to cook at
dialog: last. What I mean is, I‘1ll swallow your bait,
text: the big picture, several figures, a Merry
dialog: Company. But not a family portrait...
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: If I’m to put up with all those tedious hours of
dialog: sitting I need something to rest my eyes on. I
dialog: want her in the painting.
text: He reaches back with one arm and grabs GRIET, pulling her
text: forward. VERMEER is on his feet. CATHARINA shrieks, VAN RUIJVEN
text: releases his grip, still smiling. His sharp eyes are on VERMEER
text: as he sinks back into his chair, the reaction noted.
text: MARIA THINS licks her lips, eyes darting from one end of the
text: table to the other. VERMEER runs one fingertip round his
text: wineglass till it sings.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: A tavern scene, why not? That would make a
dialog: change for you. Griet could serve me.
text: GRIET glances at CATHARINA, who is leaning forward, cheeks
text: flushed, eyes burning, ready to explode in fury. VAN RUIJVEN
text: stuffs another lump of meat in his mouth, enjoying himself.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: So, what do you say? Can I have her?
scene_heading: INT. MEAT MARKET DAY
text: GRIET waits to be served. A fly crawls slowly over the meat. A
text: huddle of WOMEN nudge and stare. GRIET looks away, mortified.
text: There is no sign of PIETER. PAUL leans over to her.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: There's been talk of you.
text: GRIET flushes, her face tight.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I‘ve done nothing to be talked of.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 62
text: PAUL shrugs.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Van Ruijven’s cook. Says you’re to be painted
dialog: with her master. You'll have heard about him and
text: the maid that was painted before.
text: Agitated, GRIET stuffs the meat in the shopping pail.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: You shouldn't believe gossip.
text: PAUL laughs.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh, I don't. Not the half of it. (A beat) I‘1l
dialog: tell Pieter you asked after him.
scene_heading: EXT. DELFT STREETS DAY
text: GRIET hurries back through the crowds, the girls trotting to
dialog: keep up.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Griet! Wait!
text: PIETER hurries along the street after them. He has a carcass on
text: one shoulder, his apron is smeared with blood. Passers-by look
text: round in surprise.
text: PIETER arrives, breathless. Props the carcass on stiff hind
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: PIETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you hear what-
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I heard.
text: He waits for her denial.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: No smoke without fire, they say.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Is that what you think?
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: No. I.. You're only a maid. What can you do?
text: GRIET bites her lip.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I must get back. Tanneke..
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 63
text: She starts walking again, the GIRLS beside her. PIETER shoulders
text: the carcass and comes after them.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Griet! Don't walk away. Listen to me.
text: MAERTGE holds GRIET’S hand possessively, CORNELIA glares at him.
text: He comes closer, lowers his voice to a murmur.
speaker_heading: PIETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember who you are, Griet. Don’t get caught up
dialog: in his world.
text: She turns on him angrily.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: You listen to me, Pieter the Butcher. I am only
dialog: a maid but I will never give in to Master van
dialog: Ruijven.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: I don't speak of van Ruijven.
scene_heading: EXT. VERMEER HOUSE — DAY
text: GRIET hurries back to the house. Too late she sees VERMEER and
text: VAN RUIJVEN talking by the canal and turns away.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Hey, you. Girl. Griet. Come here!
text: GRIET turns slowly. VAN RUIJVEN comes up to meet her, VERMEER
text: following reluctantly.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Where were you today, Griet? I missed you.
text: VAN RUIJVEN smiles sideways at VERMEER, winks at GRIET.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: We both did. I tried to keep him amused but all
dialog: I got for my pains was my face to the wall.
text: He leans close, confiding.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I hear you've been of great use to your Master,
dialog: pretty Griet. All that grinding and stirring,
dialog: eh.
text: VAN RUIJVEN is delighted at the effect of his jibes on GRIET and
speaker_heading: VERMEER.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Master and Maid - there's a tune we all know.
dialog: And you can practise it together, now we’ve made
dialog: our bargain, eh Jan. You won’t forget, will you?
text: VERMEER shakes his head stiffly, like a puppet. EMILIE VAN
text: RUIJVEN and a teenage DAUGHTER come up behind them.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Good. You’1ll want to make a start on that before
dialog: we come again.
text: VAN RUIJVEN tucks his wife’s arm into his. GRIET looks up at her
text: MASTER. His grey eyes slide past hers and away. He is angry. She
text: hurries into the house.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: GRIET sweeps the studio; orange peel and crumbs mark VAN
text: RUIJVEN'S place among the chairs and instruments. The key turns
text: in the lock but it is not CATHARINA. VERMEER stands in the
text: doorway as if he too were unable, or unwilling, to come into the
speaker_heading: STUDIO.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Griet.
text: He gestures to the painting corner.
text: Two tapestry-covered chairs have been arranged around the
text: harpsichord, a lute on one, a bass viol propped against the
text: wall. VERMEER busies himself at the table. GRIET looks at the
text: paintings on the wall, both taken from downstairs.
text: One is a landscape, trees and an open road into the distance.
text: The other is of a man and two women. The man is buying the young
text: one’s favours from the old, he already has an arm round her.
dialog: [The Procuress, Dirk van Baburen]
text: VERMEER clears his throat and GRIET looks round, full of
text: foreboding, waiting for her instructions. But none come. He
text: simply sits and stares at her. And stares. His face wears a
text: familiar abstracted expression. Her eyes slowly fill with tears.
text: He is going to paint her.
text: She looks bleakly at the musical instruments lying around her.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: What should I...(pretend to play)?
text: VERMEER frowns.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: No! I have already begun the group painting. You
dialog: are not to sit with Master Van Ruijven. That
dialog: much is agreed.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 65
text: The tears that threatened before now spill down her cheeks.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: VERMEER stands up abruptly, profoundly ill at ease.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: I am to paint you alone.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA THINS ROOM DAY
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: My daughter must not hear of this ‘other’
dialog: painting.
text: MARIA THINS counts out coins while GRIET waits with the shopping
text: pail.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: In her condition...
text: GRIET looks down at the coins in her hands.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Ma'am. What of Master van Ruijven..
text: MARIA THINS fingers the handle of her cane.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
text: It is to hang in his private cabinet, with a
text: curtain over.
text: Gimlet eyes on GRIET to see how she takes this.
text: She turns to go back up her private staircase.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s no fool, mind you. And he won’t be taken
dialog: for one, so don't think otherwise. You're a fly
dialog: in his web.(To herself) We all are. Joannis
dialog: should have gone about it another way.
scene_heading: EXT. CANAL EVENING
text: GRIET'S sombre face reflected for a moment before the pitcher
text: breaks the surface.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE EVENING
text: Carrying the pitcher in she meets VERMEER returning home, his
text: cloak wrapped round him. He holds the door open. As she passes
text: he murmurs in her ear.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Tomorrow morning.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 66
text: She hesitates for a moment, heart racing. She can feel his eyes
text: on her, the warmth of his body.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I cannot. I have work...
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Find a way.
text: He moves on into the house.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
speaker_heading: VERMEER
text: Look out of the window. Down at the table. Away.
text: He frowns. It isn't working.
text: Surrounding GRIET are all the “props" familiar from the
text: paintings - The silver bowl and jug, the studded box, powder
text: brush, an open book. CATHARINA’S yellow bodice hangs on a chair.
text: GRIET is hedged in by things. VERMEER pulls things away, drags a
text: different table carpet into place, pushes a chair across,
text: frantically building walls between himself and her. GRIET
dialog: watches.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: (Bravely)
dialog: These are ladies’ things.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: You want me to paint you with a mop in your
dialog: hands?
text: He is closing shutters: slam, slam. The studio grows darker and
dialog: darker.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: (Gentler) No. I don't know... (A beat) Perhaps
dialog: the costume. What if...
text: He reaches for the yellow mantle. GRIET plucks up courage.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I cannot wear her clothes.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: (A beat) No.
text: He looks at her across the table.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: I am not to paint you as a maid. Or a lady. What
dialog: then?
text: GRIET doesn’t answer. VERMEER keeps looking. Suddenly he starts
text: pulling everything away, chair, table, bowls and boxes, all
text: swept away. Until there is nothing between them, she stands
text: alone, in the last patch of light.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: There. I will paint you as I first saw you. Not
dialog: a maid. You.
text: CLOSE ON: VERMEER‘S broad brush painting the first shadow in the
text: bottom corner, bone black and burnt umber. Powerful strokes
text: obliterating the pale ground.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL EVENING
text: GRIET reaches up on tiptoe to get a dish, white arm and neck at
text: full stretch. CATHARINA sees her husband staring, spellbound.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Jan. My necklace.
text: She holds up the ribbons of her necklace for him to tie. Looks
text: at him in the mirror as he does so; a seductive smile, an oh-so-
text: casual adjustment of her bodice to reveal more of her
text: magnificent bosom. Quite unaware he ties the ribbons and walks
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: I‘1l be in the studio till dinner.
text: MARIA THINS watches from the fireplace, puffing silently on her
text: pipe. CATHARINA sees GRIET in the background of her reflection.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: (Acid) Haven’t you finished yet
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: VERMEER mixes lead-white with crimson lake: pale and buttery-
text: soft under his palette knife. His hand drizzling in more linseed
text: oil, the paint grows richer and creamier.
text: The brush poised to paint. VERMEER looks over to GRIET by the
text: window, looking out. Clears his throat.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Look at me. Turn your head, not your shoulders.
text: She adjusts her position, seated, looking over her left
text: shoulder, the light falling on her right cheek. Face enclosed by
text: her cap, her mouth shut. She stares at the floor.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at me.
text: Slowly she raises her eyes to meet his but can't hold his gaze.
text: The brush still poised.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at me.
text: Her eyes waver and meet his again. His brush blanks out the
text: downcast eyes in the painting. He lets out a sigh, almost a
text: shudder of pleasure.
text: VERMEER'S face, intent, alight. His whole being involved in the
dialog: act of painting: nothing else in the world.
text: The brush on the palette, stroking the canvas. Now that he has
text: it, there is nothing tentative about his painting.
text: The shadow of GRIET'S eyebrow, the intersection of curves across
text: and down. VERMEER'S eyes drinking in every detail.
scene_heading: INT. VERMEER'S STUDIO - LATER
text: VERMEER is working on the cheek.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: The point of your cap. Fold it back.
text: GRIET pushes the long point back onto her shoulder, revealing
text: her jaw and cheek. She swallows, feeling exposed. Her lips are
text: pressed tight. Her eyes waver and meet his again.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: I never sat so close before.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: How long have I been here, sir?
text: He changes brushes, continues to paint.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: It doesn't matter.
text: GRIET strains to hold her twisted pose. VERMEER is staring at
dialog: her again.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Take off your cap.
text: GRIET reaches up then stops, her hand protective on the white
dialog: linen.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: No, sir. I cannot.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Cannot?
text: GRIET drops her head.
text: In the painting behind her: The young woman, bare-headed, leans
text: back in surrender, while the client and Madam, heads covered,
dialog: press forward on her.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Will not.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: I need to see your face, the cap covers too
text: much. There’s some cloth in the storeroom.
text: GRIET goes into the little storeroom. There is no catch on the
dialog: door, no need for one.
scene_heading: INT. STOREROOM DAY
text: There is a trunk of clothes in the corner; props for use in the
dialog: paintings; cloths to cover the table; gentlemen’s sashes; the
text: trimmings from CATHARINA’S rich velvet gown. GRIET finds some
text: strips of cloth and lays them in front of her.
text: She reaches up and unties her cap, releases an unruly mane of
dialog: blonde hair.
text: She lifts one of the cloths to wrap round her hair, looks into
text: the mirror. Sees a movement and turns to find him standing in
text: the doorway.
text: Looking at her. Not at GRIET the Maid, but at her. The real,
text: secret GRIET. Desire holding him transfixed in the doorway.
text: She returns his gaze, her hair tumbled round her face, lips
text: parted, bold, liberated, naked.
text: The CHILDREN'S VOICES from downstairs. VERMEER backs away.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: GRIET folds clothes into the tall wardrobe. The stiff blue
text: bodice worn by the girl in the Pitcher painting. The yellow
text: satin mantle, trimmed with fur.
text: CATHARINA sits by the fire with VAN RUIJVEN. MAERTGE and
text: CORNELIA are working on an embroidery frame, though CORNELIA is
text: far more interested in the conversation.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Emilie enjoys sitting, God knows why. If only
dialog: he’d let one do something else.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 70
text: CATHARINA offers him the sewing on her lap. He pretends a few
text: dainty stitches, hands it back laughing.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: But you agree, or you'd be up there getting
dialog: painted all the time. Why not, with such a good-
dialog: looking wife?
text: CATHARINA falters, upset.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: I have the household to run, you know. I can’t
dialog: be forever up and down.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: There you are ~ "Life goes on". I mean God knows
dialog: I admire the paintings, extravagantly - Christ,
dialog: I pay enough for them - but I am flesh and
dialog: blood, I must feed my grosser parts.
text: CATHARINA glances at the girls, wondering if she should send
text: them out. They are bent studiously over their frame. GRIET stays
text: dead still behind the wardrobe door.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Not to deny I may be consoled in a painting for
dialog: what I cannot have in the flesh. Hunger is the
dialog: best sauce, eh.
text: GRIET presses her face against the cool, starched linen.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: If I had you against my private wall, for
dialog: instance, painted by your artful husband, I
dialog: could take pleasure at will in your charms and
dialog: he none the wiser.
text: CATHARINA laughs as best she can.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: I never think painting so lively as when you
dialog: speak of it.
text: VAN RUIJVEN takes a long draught of wine.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: You know I’ve a mind to go up and surprise him
text: sometime - in the act.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: But you said yourself it’s very dull.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
text: Oh, not with Emilie. When he’s alone with some
text: young beauty.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You must have noticed how he never bothers with
text: old women. Only young and pretty ones. On their
dialog: own.
text: He helps himself to another glass of wine. CATHARINA does her
dialog: best to ignore his meaning.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: You'll have to wait then. He makes only one
dialog: painting at a time, though my mother has often
dialog: pressed him otherwise.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: (Smug) Indeed?
text: GRIET listens in terror.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
text: He claims he cannot hold two in his head, though
dialog: when I consider all I must manage with the house
dialog: and children...
text: VAN RUIJVEN secretly gives CORNELIA a sip of wine. She screws
text: her face up in disgust.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: I like it.
text: VAN RUIJVEN gives her a squeeze.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: That’s my girl.
text: They giggle and whisper together, both looking over at GRIET.
text: CATHARINA looks up and catches CORNELIA taking another sip. She
text: is shocked, though she tries to laugh it off.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Master Van Ruijven, what are you doing?
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: VAN LEEUWENHOEK gazes quizzically at GRIET‘S strange turban-like
text: head gear.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: What is she meant to be?
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: It is Griet’s invention. Ask her.
text: VAN LEEUWENHOEK is struck by the casual intimacy of this. GRIET
text: is trembling with the strain of holding her twisted pose.
text: VERMEER scowls at the painting.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: Whatever it is, it becomes you, Griet.
speaker_heading: November 2603
dialog: 72
text: VAN LEEUWENHOEK wants to break the tension that thickens around
text: the two of them.
speaker_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK (CONT'D)
dialog: Jan, did I tell you of the meeting tomorrow?
dialog: Optics and lenses. You should speak on painting.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: I have nothing to say.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: The camera obscura then. You know more about
dialog: light than anyone.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: I know? Every painting I start again at the
dialog: beginning, I’ll never know.
text: VERMEER stabs a brush angrily towards a canvas propped on the
dialog: table - the Concert painting.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s what happens when one pays heed to
text: theory. A one-point perspective of nothing.
text: A myriad of chalk lines going this way and that. Small blocks of
text: colour dotted disjointedly over the canvas.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: It's promising. Do you have the small lens? I
dialog: want to show it at the meeting.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: I'll fetch it.
text: VERMEER goes out. VAN LEEUWENHOEK turns back to GRIET.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: Rest a minute, why don’t you?
text: Gratefully GRIET moves. VAN LEEUWENHOEK looks at her painting.
text: He is startled by what he sees. [We, like GRIET, do not see the
text: painting] His eyes flick from her to the painting and back.
speaker_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK (CONT'D)
text: What is this? Not his usual manner. Not at all.
dialog: (A beat) It's for Master Van Ruijven, is that
dialog: so? Mistress Thins will be pleased.
text: He hesitates, needing to warn her, wanting to be fair.
speaker_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK (CONT'D)
dialog: Hmm. You do see his interest in you is partly
dialog: because Master Van Ruijven.. How should I put
dialog: this?
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 73
text: GRIET frowns. He examines the painting again.
speaker_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK (CONT'D)
text: He sees things as he wants them to be, perfected
text: by him. Everything serves the painting,
text: everything. He doesn't think of the
dialog: consequences. You must.
text: He looks at GRIET, his eyes kindly, concerned.
speaker_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK (CONT'D)
dialog: There's no bridge across this water. You
dialog: understand me, Griet?
text: GRIET dips her head, but the head dress doesn't hide her face.
text: She looks up again.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I do not think he would hurt me, Sir.
scene_heading: VAN LEEUWENHOEK
dialog: (Gently) How much do you know of men?
scene_heading: INT. COOKING KITCHEN DAY
text: GRIET chops vegetables. A moment of reflection before she sweeps
text: the pattern into the pot.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: GRIET, utterly still in her pose, almost as if she were the
text: painting. There is now a black drape behind her.
text: VERMEER sits at the easel, dissatisfied. Tries one brush after
text: another, stands and stares at her, goes back to the painting.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Open your mouth.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Open your mouth.
text: GRIET is horrified. But what can she do? She licks her lips and
text: opens them.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Lick your lips. Again.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL NIGHT
text: GRIET brings in a wine jug and glasses. Only MARIA THINS looks
text: up, sharp-eyed.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 74
text: VERMEER is going through CATHARINA’S jewel box, searching for
text: something. CATHARINA moves slowly, easing herself off the bed,
text: already heavy with the new baby.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Jan, please.
text: He brings over the box, settles on a low stool and massages her
text: feet between his hands.
text: CATHARINA is dressed in her fine velvet. She stifles a yawn.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I am so tired.
text: GRIET pours their wine, sets it in front of them.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Wear these.
text: He holds out her big pearl earrings, glossy white drops nesting
text: in his hand. CATHARINA smiles, delighted by this attention.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
dialog: I must be there. The City Fathers have asked...
dialog: There might be a commission.. (Seeing the
dialog: earrings) Ah.. good. Look, Griet.
text: CATHARINA swings round.
speaker_heading: VERMEER (CONT'D)
text: That point of light in the shadow of the neck,
text: leading the eye.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
speaker_heading: Jant
text: GRIET'S eyes meet VERMEER‘S. She sees that he has found what he
text: needs. That he is pitiless. MARIA THINS sees it too.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: VERMEER is arranging the setting of The Concert. The Concert
text: painting, half-covered, has progressed considerably. GRIET
text: hurries in.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Sir. Do not ask this of me.
text: He knows exactly what she’s talking about.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: It is needed.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: My ears are not pierced.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 75
text: He laughs at such a mundane excuse. But GRIET isn’t laughing,
text: she is angry.
speaker_heading: GRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: I've done everything you wanted.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: The composition - it’s not balanced.
speaker_heading: GRIE
dialog: {Stubbornly)
dialog: Sometimes you paint without a model.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: You want me to imagine how the earring would
dialog: look?
dialog: She wont give in.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: She will find out.
dialog: Nor will he.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: This has to be, Griet. See for yourself.
text: He insists that she look as he uncovers her painting. GRIET
text: covers her mouth in horror. WE SEE only her reaction.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: (A whisper)
dialog: Oh. You looked inside me.
scene_heading: EXT. DELFT STREETS DUSK
text: GRIET hurries along, her shawl pulled tight round her shoulders,
text: head down.
scene_heading: INT. APOTHECARY‘'S DUSK
text: The APOTHECARY smiles when he sees it is her.
speaker_heading: APOTHECARY
dialog: Well then. What will it be today? I set aside
dialog: some lapis-
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: It‘s- it’s for me.
text: The APOTHECARY'S expression changes. He is sharp-eyed, he can
text: see trouble in her face. His quick fingers continue to shred
text: dried leaves into a leather apron.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: APOTHECARY
dialog: Oh, it’s that way, is it? (Reluctant) I have a
dialog: draught if you want to bring it off.
text: There is more disappointment in his eyes than disapproval. GRIET
text: takes his meaning.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Oh no. No. I need something to numb the skin. I
dialog: have money.
text: She pulls coins from her pocket. The OLD MAN scans her face
text: again, goes off grumbling, knowing something's wrong.
text: GRIET goes to pull her cap forward, her finger tip touches her
text: ear and stops there.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC NIGHT
text: GRIET looks at the tiny vial of oil, tips some onto a
text: handkerchief and rubs it onto her earlobe.
text: She heats a needle in the candle flame.
text: Clutching the needle in trembling fingers she stares into the
text: mirror from downstairs. Her frightened face reflected in the
text: candlelight.
text: FOOTSTEPS on the stairs. Into the STUDIO below. GRIET hides the
text: needle and vial. MARIA THINS comes up through the trap door,
text: breathing hard. She gives GRIET a long searching look.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: Well, girl? What’s to be done?
text: GRIET says nothing.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: You may fool the men with your downcast eyes.
dialog: Master Van Ruijven wants his paintings and he
dialog: will bear no more delay.
text: MARIA THINS' bony hand on the black cane trembles, for the first
text: time she seems vulnerable, frightened even.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: I've protected you, for his sake and yours but
dialog: if he crosses Van Ruijven over this he will lose
dialog: him. Then what?
text: It makes her angry to be so helpless, begging a maid for help.
text: She glares at GRIET.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
text: Flood water seeps under the door and the house
dialog: comes down. I won't let that happen here.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 17
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: GRIET hangs up sheets in the courtyard. Strong arms grab her
text: from behind, pinning her arms by her side. A voice whispers
text: thick and hot in her ear:
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Got you!
text: GRIET struggles silently, terrified, but VAN RUIJVEN is far
dialog: stronger.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold still. I want to look at you.
text: GRIET writhes to get free, scared and angry.
text: He turns her round to face him, swathed in sheets.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me, girl, how do you get on up there? Has
dialog: he found his composition? Do you inspire him? Do
dialog: you move him? Does the Master's brush unlock the
dialog: secrets of your heart?
text: His tone is leering but his sharp eyes miss nothing. He can read
text: Griet's face exactly.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
text: No! Ripe as a plum and still unplucked.
text: VAN RUIJVEN is disconcerted, angry, he did not expect this.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: What is he playing at?
text: She looks away, face hidden by her cap. He pulls is back
text: roughly. A grunt of satisfaction as his hand tangles in her
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: He made a bargain you know, he paints you at my
dialog: pleasure.
text: He is right up against her again. She pushes him away, he grabs
text: her wrists. GRIET writhes to get free, scared and angry. He
text: holds both her wrists with one hand, yanks the chemise of her
text: shoulder with the other.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I have waited long enough. What a great fool he
dialog: is.
text: He paws at her skirts, her legs give way and she starts to fall.
text: He twists one arm behind her back, forcing her up again.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 78
text: GRIET'S eyes search desperately for something to stop him. In
text: the shadow of the passage she sees someone watching.
text: CORNELIA. GRIET pleads with her eyes. CORNELIA returns her look,
text: her face cat-like, impenetrable. She turns away slowly,
text: deliberately, disappears. GRIET wants to cry.
text: VAN RUIJVEN is unbuckling himself, GRIET struggles harder,
text: Manages to free one arm, claw at his face. He snarls. They
text: wrestle till he has both arms pinned again.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't fight me, girl.
text: Breathing hard he crushes her against the copper, grotesque
text: reflections swim in front of her.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA(O/S)
dialog: (Petulant) Griet. Griet!
text: She is coming along the corridor towards the back of the house.
text: VAN RUIJVEN lets GRIET go, quickly straightens his clothing.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIJVEN
dialog: Not a word. You'll lose your place. He‘d never
dialog: look at you again.
text: He steps out to meet CATHARINA, all smiles.
speaker_heading: VAN RUIUVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah, my dear. There you are. Your maid kept me
text: with some cock and bull story.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC DAWN
text: Cold dawn light. GRIET slides her finger through fine-ground
text: rose madder, a red streak across the stone table. Her torn
text: chemise waits to be mended.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD DAY
text: GRIET pours water into the copper, every movement an effort,
text: arms like lead. Someone grabs her from behind.
speaker_heading: MAERTGE
dialog: Surprise!
text: GRIET spins round, ready to fight - to find MAERTGE and the
text: other CHILDREN all smiling at her. MAERTGE has a package which
text: she hands over shyly.
speaker_heading: MAERTGE (CONT'D)
dialog: For your name day. I made it.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: I thought of the surprise.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 79
text: A perfectly innocent smile. With trembling hands GRIET unwraps
text: her present: a child-made lace collar.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Thank you.
text: The CHILDREN clamour for her to put it on. She holds it up to
text: her neck - there are bruises from where VAN RUIJVEN held her -
text: and they admire her.
speaker_heading: MAERTGE
dialog: You’re beautiful.
speaker_heading: CORNELIA
dialog: Take off your cap. Then you’ll look like a lady.
text: That tell-tale smirk. GRIET pulls off the collar.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I've work to do.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: GRIET is on her hands and knees clearing the grate. MARIA THINS
text: comes in hurriedly.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: My daughter is out for the day.
text: She unlocks CATHARINA’S jewel box.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS (CONT'D)
dialog: Do it now.
text: She thrusts the open box towards GRIET, who is still wiping the
text: smuts from her hands. Reluctantly she takes the pearl earrings
text: out of their velvet nest. The seconds seem to crawl.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: VERMEER watches GRIET, her partner in this slow dance. She takes
text: off her cap, puts on the turban. Rubs the oil of cloves onto her
text: ear lobe. Heats the needle in a candle flame.
text: She holds out the earrings.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: You do it.
text: Her eyes widen at her own boldness. He opens his mouth to speak
text: then says nothing.
text: He steps up to the chair and takes the pearls.
text: Mixing oil into lead-white, oozing creamily under the sharp
dialog: knife.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 80
text: He touches her earlobe, she gasps. He rubs the soft flesh
text: between his forefinger and thumb then pulls it taut and with his
text: other hand pierces her skin with the needle. A scarlet globe of
text: blood glistens on the white skin. He takes a breath, forces the
text: twisted silver wire of the earring through the hole.
text: The pain is excruciating, her eyes brim with tears.
text: Laying on a grey ghost of paint among shadows, the under-layer
dialog: of the pearl.
text: His fingers brush her jaw, gently trace the bruises on her neck.
text: She closes her eyes, inhaling his smell.
text: A thick white clot of paint twisted off the brush in a moment
dialog: for the highlight.
text: He blots the tears that spill down her cheek and rubs his wet
text: thumb slowly along her lips, her open mouth.
text: Pale sable hairs across the crimson of her lips, a trail of
dialog: white.
scene_heading: EXT. DELFT STREETS ~ NIGHT
text: GRIET pushes her way through busy streets.
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN NIGHT
text: The benches are crowded, a jostling, careless press. Admiring
text: catcalls and whistles follow GRIET as she makes her way through
text: the DRINKERS.
text: PIETER’S back is turned, he doesn’t see her approach. His FRIEND
text: nudges him and moves away. PIETER stares in frank astonishment.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Griet!
text: She takes him by the hand and leads him out.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY DAY
text: A narrow alley behind the BEAST MARKET, the bellowing of CATTLE
text: mixes into the background clatter. GRIET tugs PIETER after her,
text: presses him against the wall. Pulls his face down to hers and
text: kisses him passionately. He responds, bewildered but thrilled.
text: She moves his hand to her backside, turning till she is against
text: the wall. She closes her eyes. PIETER doesn’t question his good
dialog: fortune.
speaker_heading: LATER:
text: PIETER watches as GRIET carefully adjusts her clothes, smoothes
text: her hair under her white cap. He pulls out a long wavy strand
text: and kisses it, joyfully intimate.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Sweet Griet.
text: She reties her cap. Her ear is bleeding a little.
speaker_heading: PIETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Griet, don't rush away. Where are you going?
text: He grabs her by the shoulders so she must face him.
speaker_heading: PIETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Leave that house, join me and Paul at the
dialog: Market.
text: She meets his eyes levelly, very still.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I have to go back
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: I'll fetch your things. We'll send someone.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PIETER
dialog: Griet. Our own life. Answering to no one. Don‘t
dialog: go. Marry me.
text: She puts a hand on his cheek, kisses him. Walks away.
text: He leans against the wall, head down.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: GRIET drops the earrings in MARIA THINS’ wrinkled hand. A whore
dialog: and her madam.
text: CORNELIA watches from the bed, her cat-like eyes unblinking.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: CLOSE ON: the raised lid of the harpsichord. GRIET cleans the
text: studio, alone and silent. The Concert painting is on the easel,
text: almost finished. The other - her painting - is propped against
text: the wall, covered. She avoids them both.
text: VOICES are raised downstairs; an almighty row is brewing.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS OUTSIDE STUDIO DAY
text: Feet tumbling up the stairs: CORNELIA’S little shoes leading,
text: MARIA THINS’ stick, CATHARINA slow and heavy.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 82
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: GRIET braces herself. The door crashes open, a tidal wave of
dialog: anger and distress,
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: No, I will not be calm. Am I a child? Dees no
dialog: one speak the truth to me in my own house?
text: CORNELIA is snivelling, frightened by her MOTHER’S passion.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: By all the Saints, if you would stop screaming
dialog: for a moment I can expl-
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: More lies. I don’t want to hear any more of your
dialog: lies, Mother. I have a right to know.
text: But, finding herself at last in the forbidden room, CATHARINA
text: falls silent, afraid.
text: VERMEER is the last to enter, quietly, the eye of the storm. He
text: meets GRIET’S eyes across the room.
text: CATHARINA recovers herself a little.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: So. No more hiding now. Here I am. I want to see
dialog: this painting.
text: VERMEER makes a weary gesture.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: There‘s no point.
text: CATHARINA flares up again.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: No point! I am too stupid to look at a painting
dialog: now.
text: A savage finger at GRIET.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: She can’t read! You know that?
text: MARIA THINS pulls forward a chair.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: Sit down, you’ll exhaust yourself.
text: CATHARINA ignores her.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Why can’t I look? What have you done?
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 83
text: VERMEER is by the easel, his accustomed place.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: It's a commission. Gone in a few days. You need
dialog: never see.
text: CATHARINA is laughing and crying. Sinks onto the chair in the
text: middle of the room.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: They're just paintings. Pictures for money. They
dialog: mean nothing.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: (Desperate)
dialog: Is it true she wore my pearls?
text: VERMEER cannot answer. CATHARINA groans in anguish.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: How could you? How could you?
text: She heaves herself up and stands in front of The Concert
text: painting, breathing heavily, staring. Then she bursts out
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
text: He’s backwards. Backwards. Look at him - fat
text: arse spilling off the chair. My God, I'm not the
dialog: only one that’s been had.
text: MARIA THINS laughs too, her dry, cracked laugh.
speaker_heading: MARIA THINS
dialog: That's right. He wanted a portrait and he got
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: And there’s yours, Mother.
text: She points at the old hag in the Procuress painting.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I always hated that picture and now I know why.
dialog: My mother the whore-monger.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Catharina! Enough.
text: CATHARINA blinks, turns round slowly to him. A wide, dangerous
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Why? Was painting enough for him? Was it enough
dialog: for you? (A beat) Show me the other.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: You'll make yourself ill.
text: VERMEER moves towards her slowly, cautiously. She stares at him
text: with shining eyes, then quick as a snake, grabs a palette knife
text: from the work table.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: Show me.
text: VERMEER faces her, arms wide, palms out.
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Very well.
text: Never taking his eyes from her he lifts down the Concert
text: painting and puts the other on the easel. Tenderly lifts the
text: cover. Everyone cranes to look. GRIET, behind the easel, can see
dialog: only their reactions.
text: VERMEER looks oddly peaceful, a work achieved. MARIA THINS
text: glances at GRIET, her lips a thin, bitter line, her eyes warning
text: silence. CATHARINA’S face sags, mouth agape.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: {A whisper) It's obscene. Everyone will see
dialog: your... Sin...
text: She gasps for breath. The words are torn from her.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Anguished) Why don’t you paint me?
speaker_heading: VERMEER
dialog: Because you don’t understand.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA
dialog: And she does!
text: Her words hang in the air: the truth.
text: Suddenly she lunges at the painting with the knife. But VERMEER
text: is too quick for her, grabs her wrist so hard it hurts, she
text: cries out.
text: He is blazing, his fury all the more terrifying for its
text: quietness. She goes limp in his grasp and he lets her go.
text: CATHARINA backs away, finds CORNELIA to cling to. A single
text: glance of hatred at GRIET.
speaker_heading: CATHARINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Get her out of here. Get out of my house.
text: GRIET has been waiting for this but even so it falls like a
text: whiplash.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 85
text: Her eyes seek out VERMEER, although she can hear CATHARINA’S in-
text: drawn hiss of fury. He is infinitely sad, infinitely distant.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL DAY
text: Wearing her Sunday best clothes, GRIET takes her aprons and caps
text: from the linen cupboard. CATHARINA’S yellow mantle hangs there,
text: silky smooth and glowing.
text: GRIET‘S hand runs along the rim of the silver bowl, a last
text: glimpse of its multi-fractured reflections.
scene_heading: INT. VERMEER HOUSE DAY
text: Carrying her small bundle, GRIET walks through the series of
text: rooms. TANNEKE stands framed in the Cooking Kitchen doorway,
text: arms folded. Left to manage alone again.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE STUDIO DAY
text: GRIET goes up the stairs and along the corridor to the STUDIO.
text: The door is shut fast. She stands outside listening. Silence.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO DAY
text: VERMEER sits on his painting stool, every nerve strained to
text: listen, wanting her to come in but unable to call her. His
text: painting hand is balled tight as a fist.
text: He hears GRIET'S footsteps leaving.
text: VERMEER is left alone in the studio, a blank canvas waiting on
text: the easel behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. VERMEER HOUSE DAY
text: GRIET walks away from the house, her bundle under her arm. She
dialog: wont look back.
scene_heading: INT. VAN RUIJVEN'S CABINET - DAY
text: VAN RUIJVEN sits alone in his cabinet with the painting of
text: GRIET. It gives him no pleasure, after all. He draws a curtain
text: over it.
scene_heading: EXT. DELFT MARKET SQUARE - DAY
text: GRIET walks across the great Market Square. Other people carry
text: on with their everyday lives but the sound is muffled and
text: distant; she is lost in her own world.
text: She stops on the brick star at the centre of the square.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 86
scene_heading: INT. GRIET’S HOUSE DAY
text: GRIET sits in the late afternoon sun near the back doorway,
text: finishing her headdress. Her wedding dress is laid out on the
text: bed, other wedding preparations visible in the background.
text: TANNEKE appears at the door, out of breath.
text: A moment's silence as they size each other up.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: I’ve come to the right place then.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Good Day, Tanneke.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: So it’s true, you‘re to be married.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Yes.
text: TANNEKE nods, taking it in.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: We use another butcher nowadays.
text: She searches in her apron pocket and brings out a small cloth
text: wrapped package. She hands it to GRIET.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: For you. I had to bring it myself - never mind
dialog: that the dinner’s left to spoil. Men!
text: She stops abruptly. GRIET holds the package gingerly, not daring
dialog: to look at it.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Best be off then.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: I'll see you to the bridge.
speaker_heading: TANNEKE
dialog: No need for that.
text: She turns away, her face working.
speaker_heading: GRIET
dialog: Thank you, Tanneke.
text: Left alone GRIET uncurls the hand gripping the package. She
text: takes a deep breath then undces the layers of cloth, the
text: familiar blue of the turban. And there, nestled in the folds of
dialog: fabric, lie the pearl earrings.
speaker_heading: November 2903
dialog: 87
text: GRIET holds up one pale globe, fathoming its meaning, her eyes
text: shining with pent up tears.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: FADE UP ON:
text: A very slow pull back reveals the real painting: Girl With A
text: Pearl Earring.
text: Cracked and aged but no less beautiful or immediate. A girl's
text: face as brim full of emotion as if she were looking at us now.
dialog: November 2003
dialog: 
