dialog: 
speaker_heading: GLADIATOR
dialog: by
dialog: David Franzoni
dialog: Revised by John Logan
speaker_heading: SECOND DRAFT
dialog: October 22, 1998
dialog: "While stands the Colosseum, Rome shall stand.
text: When falls the Colosseum, Rome shall fall.
dialog: And when Rome falls -- the World."
dialog: Byron
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Germania. The far reaches of the Roman Empire.
dialog: Winter 180 A.D.
text: Incongruously enough, the first sound we hear is a
text: beautiful tenor voice. Singing. A boy's voice.
text: CREDITS as we hear the haunting song float through dense
text: forests. We finally come to a rough, muddy road slashing
text: through the forest. On the road a GERMAN PEASANT FATHER
text: is herding along three sickly looking cows. His two SONS
text: are with him. His youngest son sits on one of the cows
text: and sings a soft, plaintive song.
text: They become aware of another sound behind them on the road
text: -- the creak of wood, the slap of metal on leather. The
text: Father immediately leads his cattle and his sons off the
text: road. They stand-still, eyes down: the familiar posture
dialog: of subjugated peoples throughout history.
text: A wagon train rumbles past them. Three ornate wagons
text: followed by a mounted cohort of fifty heavily-armed
scene_heading: PRAETORIAN GUARDS.
text: The young boy dares to glance up at the passing Romans.
text: His eyes burn with hatred.
scene_heading: INT. WAGON - DAY
text: Mist momentarily obscures a man's face. Frozen breath.
text: The man is in his 20's, imperious and handsome. He is
text: swathed in fur, only his face exposed. He is COMMODUS.
text: He glances up.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Do you think he's really dying?
text: The woman across from him returns his gaze evenly. She is
text: slightly older, beautiful and patrician. A formidable
dialog: woman.
dialog: She is LUCILLA.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: He's been dying for ten years.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I think he's really dying this time.
text: A beat. Their breath turns instantly to mist.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: He has to be bled every night now.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I've been so informed.
text: She arches an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: If he weren't really dying he
dialog: wouldn't have sent for us.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Maybe he just misses us.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: And the Senators. He wouldn't have
dialog: summoned them if --
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
text: Peace, Commodus. After two weeks on
dialog: the road your incessant scheming is
dialog: hurting my head.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: The first thing I shall do is honor
dialog: him with games worthy of his
dialog: majesty.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: The first thing I shall do is have a
dialog: hot bath.
text: The wagon rumbles to a halt. Voices are heard outside.
text: Commodus leaps out...
scene_heading: EXT. WAGON - OUTPOST - DAY
text: Three Roman SOLDIERS guard an outpost, a watchtower, on
text: the roadside.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Why have we stopped?
scene_heading: PRAETORIAN GUARD MEMBER
dialog: We're here, sir.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (to Soldier #1)
dialog: Where is my father?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: He's at the front, sir.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Is the battle won?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: Don't know, sir. They've been gone
dialog: for eight days.
text: Commodus tosses off his furs -- beneath them he wears a
text: beautiful set of Lorica Segmentata -- the traditional
text: formed armor of Rome. He moves to a horse as:
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (to Soldier #1)
dialog: My sister wants a bath, take her to
dialog: the camp.
dialog: (to Soldier #2)
dialog: Take me to my father.
text: He leaps onto the horse and canters back to the Praetorian
dialog: Guard unit.
text: Soldier #2 climbs on his horse and leads them. Commodus
text: rides off with most of the Praetorian Guard unit.
text: Lucilla peeks her head from the wagon. She glances at the
text: remaining soldiers. Distinctly unpromising.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Civilization at last. Gods preserve
dialog: us.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL - TWILIGHT
text: The mighty catapults dwarf the humans. Soldiers from the
text: elite Felix Regiment -- a legion of the Roman Army -- haul
text: the monstrous machines up a hill.
text: The commanding General of the Felix Regiment, MAXIMUS,
text: walks between two of the catapults. He is a striking and
text: intense man in his 30's. Like all the soldiers who
text: surround him, he is caked with mud and exhausted.
text: He trudges up the hill with his two lieutenants, TITUS and
speaker_heading: QUINTUS.
speaker_heading: TITUS
dialog: You would do as well to read the
text: mind of a rhinoceros.
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: These barbarians would rather drown
dialog: in blood than yield an inch. If I
dialog: didn't hate them so much I would
dialog: admire them.
text: They have reached the top of the hill. Stunning martial
text: preparations are underway. The catapults join ten others.
text: Archers are taking up position. Brutal "Scorpions" --
text: devices for firing multiple crossbow bolts -- are being
text: loaded. Soldiers are also loading the catapults with
text: enormous "Greek fire pots" -- large, round terra cotta
dialog: pots.
text: Maximus and his lieutenants gaze down from the hilltop.
text: Below them they can see a German encampment.
speaker_heading: TITUS
dialog: They simply will not surrender.
text: A beat as Maximus gazes down at the German position.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: A people should know when they are
dialog: conquered.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
text: At the first signal release the
dialog: catapults. We'll use the cavalry to
text: cut off the retreat.
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: General, I don't recommend that.
dialog: Our cavalry might be caught in the
text: flames.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I hope not, because I'm going to be
text: leading them.
text: A beat as he gazes down at the enemy.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Why don't they know they're already
dialog: dead?
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - TWILIGHT
text: Maximus and Titus are on their horses, the cavalry of two
text: hundred Felix Regiment warriors surrounds them. Steam
text: flares from their horses' nostrils. They wait in a thick
text: stand of trees -- the German position can be seen across a
text: muddy plain.
text: A large wolf -- "The Wolf of Rome" -- waits at Maximus'
dialog: side.
text: Maximus nods to an archer. The archer lights the tip of
text: an arrow and sends it flaming into the night sky.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - TWILIGHT
text: Quintus waits. The catapults are loaded and waiting. So
text: too the Scorpions. So too the 200 archers of the Felix
dialog: Regiment.
text: He sees the flaming arrow flying up from below.
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: Now!
text: The mighty catapults are released. The Greek fire pots
text: arc dramatically through the air. A moment later soldiers
text: release the Scorpions and hundreds of bolts streak through
text: the sky. The archers fire a murderous barrage of flaming
dialog: arrows.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - TWILIGHT
text: The screaming is almost immediate.
text: Maximus and his cavalry watch as the fire pots crash down
text: into the German encampment.
scene_heading: EXT. GERMAN CAMP - TWILIGHT
text: The fire pots shatter -- pitch splashes everywhere --
text: seconds later the bolts and flaming arrows slice down and
text: ignite the pitch -- FLAME EXPLODES -- it is a hellish,
text: napalm-like vision -- the conflagration illuminating the
text: twilight.
text: The deadly rain of flaming arrows spreads terror through
dialog: the German camp --
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - TWILIGHT
text: Maximus watches the German camp.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Hold steady... steady...
text: He can see the nightmare destruction of the encampment
text: continuing -- fire pots and Scorpion bolts and flaming
text: arrows -- panic in the German encampment.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Steady...
text: He sees the Germans begin fleeing across the plain. He
text: quickly raises his sword and whispers a prayer, then turns
dialog: to his men:
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Brothers -- I salute you! For Rome!
text: He spurs his horse and races out of the trees to the
dialog: plain...
scene_heading: EXT. PLAIN - BATTLEGROUND - TWILIGHT
text: Maximus leads the terrifying and relentless cavalry charge
text: -- Titus at his side -- the Felix Regiment screams out
text: fearsome war cries as they gallop across the muddy plain
dialog: toward the Germans --
text: Fire pots and flaming arrows are crashing down everywhere
dialog: around them --
text: The cavalry SLAMS into the Germans at full gallop --
text: It is carnage.
text: The Felix Regiment warriors slash ruthlessly with short
text: swords -- slicing a path of sheer destruction through the
dialog: Germans -- but the Germans fight with equal brutality --
text: and the Germans also fight with the desperation of a
text: hopeless last chance -- they pull and spear Roman soldiers
dialog: off horses whenever they can --
text: Maximus spins his horse and swings his sword with expert
text: efficiency -- a spear stabs through the neck of his horse
text: and it immediately collapses forward --
text: Maximus sails over the horse's head and crashes to the
text: muddy ground -- he jumps up and is in the midst of the
dialog: battle --
text: The flaming arrows and exploding fire pots create a
text: ferocious inferno everywhere around the battle -- the
text: flames silhouetting the fighting --
text: On the ground, Maximus proves his absolute worth as a
text: warrior -- he hacks and dodges -- ghastly images of true
text: ancient warfare -- Maximus' eyes burn with a zealous fire
text: as he fights for his life --
text: He finds he is momentarily at a terrible disadvantage --
text: Germans are surrounding him from all sides -- as he fights
dialog: he looks for an advantage -- for his soldiers -- for
dialog: anything -- he is doomed --
text: Then -- an almost mystical image -- Maximus' wolf leaps
text: through a wall of flame --
text: "The Wolf of Rome" savages several Germans around Maximus
dialog: -- giving him the help he needed.
text: The wolf and his master fight, side-by-side.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - TWILIGHT
text: We see an old man's face, staring down at the battle. The
text: face is weather-beaten, ailing. The roaring flames from
text: the battlefield below flicker in his sad eyes.
text: MARCUS AURELIUS, the Emperor of Rome, is on a horse. A
text: metal brace extends from the back of his saddle. He is
text: strapped to the brace with thick, leather straps.
text: He watches as the Felix Regiment below concludes the
text: battle. The cheering of the Regiment can be heard as the
text: final, isolated pockets of Germans are cut down.
text: Behind Marcus the sun is setting, painting the world blood
dialog: red.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - SUNSET
text: Maximus, bloody and spent, walks through the aftermath of
text: the carnage. The Wolf of Rome is at his side. Dead and
text: dying by the hundreds are scattered everywhere. Roman
text: surgeons are attending to the wounded.
text: Marcus walks to him, embraces him warmly.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Caesar.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Maximus, you prove your valor again.
dialog: Let us hope for the final time here.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I don't think there's anyone left to
dialog: fight.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: There are always people left to
dialog: fight...
text: Marcus takes Maximus' arm and they walk through the masses
text: of bodies. Maximus holds Marcus' arm firmly, quietly
text: supporting him as they walk.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: But this night, at least, Germania
dialog: is at last defeated... What will you
dialog: do now, my friend?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Should Caesar permit, I'll go home.
dialog: I've been away too long. I've
dialog: forgotten my wife's face and I
dialog: barely know my son.
text: Suddenly, a tethered GERMAN PRISONER they are passing
dialog: calls out to them:
speaker_heading: GERMAN PRISONER
text: THIS BLOOD MEANS NOTHING, CONQUEROR!
text: Maximus and Marcus stop. A soldier moves quickly to
dialog: silence the German Prisoner.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (to Soldier)
dialog: Stop...
dialog: (to Prisoner)
dialog: ... You speak our language?
speaker_heading: GERMAN PRISONER
dialog: You have been in my homeland for
dialog: twelve years. Of course I speak
dialog: your language. So did my son, who
dialog: you murdered. So did my daughter,
dialog: who you raped.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (to Marcus)
dialog: Come, Caesar...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: No. Let him speak...
dialog: (to Prisoner)
dialog: ... I am Rome, what would you say to
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: GERMAN PRISONER
dialog: (points to sunset)
dialog: You are that sun, Rome, and your
dialog: time is over... You can slit a
dialog: thousand throats here, and you can
dialog: put a thousand babies to the sword,
dialog: but it will always be our home.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Now it is Rome.
speaker_heading: GERMAN PRISONER
dialog: It will never be Rome. Not as long
text: as one German breathes.
text: The soldier moves to kill the insolent Prisoner.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: No... Release him. Give him safe
dialog: passage. Let him go to his family.
text: The soldier leads the German Prisoner away.
text: Maximus and Marcus continue walking in silence for a beat.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Tell me again, Maximus, why are we
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: For the glory of the empire, sire.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yes. I remember.
text: They continue walking through the mountains of bodies...
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SUNSET
text: Maximus and Marcus are now walking along a road through
text: the dense forest. Slaves follow behind them, leading
dialog: their horses.
text: Both sides of the road are filled with the men of the
text: Felix Regiment. As Maximus and Marcus pass, the battered
text: and bloody soldiers drag themselves to their feet, raising
text: their swords, paying silent homage.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: They honor you, Caesar.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I don't think they're standing for
dialog: me, Maximus. They honor you.
text: Just then Commodus canters into view with his Praetorian
text: Guard escort. He watches the army honor Maximus with rank
text: envy as he nears.
text: He rides up to Maximus and Marcus.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Have I missed it?
text: He leaps from his horse.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Have I missed the battle?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You've missed the war. We're done
dialog: here.
text: Commodus embraces him, awkward.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Father. Congratulations. I shall
dialog: sacrifice a thousand doves to honor
dialog: your triumph.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Spare the doves and honor Maximus,
dialog: he won the battle.
text: Commodus embraces Maximus, even more awkward.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: General, Rome salutes you and I
dialog: embrace you as a brother.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Highness.
text: They walk, Maximus still supporting Marcus, as:
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Your Spaniards seem invincible. May
dialog: the Gods favor the Felix Regiment
dialog: now and always...
dialog: (to his father)
dialog: Here, Father, take my arm.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (ignores this)
dialog: Where's your sister?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: She's at the camp. She had no
dialog: desire to see the gore of the
dialog: battlefield.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Lucilla would eat every corpse here
dialog: if it brought her one step closer to
dialog: the throne.
text: Maximus laughs.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Caesar, you do the lady injustice.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It's a foolish old cobra who doesn't
dialog: recognize his own off-spring...
text: (he suddenly stops,
dialog: not feeling well)
dialog: I think... I should ride now.
text: Maximus waves for Marcus' horse. It is brought up.
text: Several soldiers carefully help the old man into the
text: saddle. He is then tethered to the brace on his saddle.
text: It is a slow, graceful and embarrassing ordeal for the
dialog: Emperor of Rome.
text: When at last he is strapped in, he looks to Maximus.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: So much for the glory of Rome.
text: Without a word to his son, Marcus nods and the horse is
text: slowly lead away.
text: Commodus and Maximus watch him go.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (neutral)
text: He's dying.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Poor old man.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (terse)
dialog: If you'll excuse me, Highness.
text: He turns and stalks away.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT CITY - NIGHT
text: We see the Roman encampment, a sea of tents. Hundreds of
text: campfires burn before the tents.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL TENT - NIGHT
text: Maximus enters a large tent and is met by a spectacle of
text: the dead and dying. Roman surgeons are working feverishly
text: to save lives. Limbs are amputated, the bloody stumps
text: quickly cauterized with hot irons. Leeches and bronze
dialog: cups are employed for blood-letting to balance "humours."
text: Anesthesia as we know it is nonexistent. Wine amphoras
text: are passed around and orderlies fan narcotic smoke toward
text: the patients. Mostly, though, they just hold down the
text: writhing patients.
text: Maximus moves through the tent, offering a word of comfort
text: here and there. All the wounded are delighted to see him.
text: He goes to an older soldier, GALLUS, who has one wooden
text: hand. His other hand is bandaged.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: What, Gallus, losing your other
dialog: hand?
speaker_heading: GALLUS
dialog: Aye, General, they're going to make
text: a bronze one for it. Long fingers
dialog: this time.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: And the women of your village will
dialog: crave your touch even more.
speaker_heading: GALLUS
dialog: Ah, then you know the women of my
dialog: village.
text: Maximus smiles and moves on.
text: He stops at a young soldier, VALERIUS, whose head has been
text: shaved. A hole has been bored into his skull to relieve
text: the pressure on his brain. The young soldier is dying.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: What's your name, son?
speaker_heading: VALERIUS
dialog: Valerius, General.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: The name suits you.
speaker_heading: VALERIUS
dialog: Why am I dying?
text: A beat. Maximus sits by his cot. He takes Valerius'
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You're dying because you love Rome,
dialog: as I do.
speaker_heading: VALERIUS
dialog: I've never been to Rome.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Neither have I. Rome for us lives
dialog: here...
dialog: (he touches his
dialog: heart)
dialog: ... it's a thing inside us that came
dialog: from our ancestors and that we give
dialog: to our children.
speaker_heading: VALERIUS
dialog: It must be glorious, Rome. I've
dialog: only seen pictures. Is it a
dialog: glorious place?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes, it's a glorious place.
speaker_heading: VALERIUS
dialog: It must be.
text: He smiles. And he is dead.
text: Maximus sits for a moment. He gently closes Valerius'
text: eyes. And Maximus finds that he is weeping.
text: He is not ashamed of the tears.
scene_heading: INT. MESS TENT - NIGHT
text: An immediate swirl of noise. The grand mess tent is
text: crowded with soldiers. They are still filthy with caked-
text: on mud and blood. Wounds are bandaged and tankards are
text: raised in celebration of the victory.
text: Marcus sits in a central position and receives visitors.
text: Currently two Senators, FALCO and GAIUS, are bowing before
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: FALCO
dialog: Hail, Marcus Aurelius.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Stand up, Senators. That unfamiliar
dialog: posture doesn't suit you.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: We live in supplication to your
dialog: glory.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: All the while conspiring with that
dialog: fat man in Rome. How is the old
dialog: monster?
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: Senator Gracchus is hale, sire.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Still damning me to the four winds?
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: Still eager for your triumphant
text: return to Rome, Caesar.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I would have silenced him decades
dialog: ago -- but I just like him too much.
text: Meanwhile, Maximus stands with his lieutenants, Titus and
text: Quintus. A wound on Maximus' arm has been bound.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (to Titus)
dialog: If you want to stay on, I support
dialog: you. So do the men. I'll ask the
dialog: Emperor to appoint you in my place.
speaker_heading: TITUS
dialog: It won't be the Felix Regiment
dialog: without you.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I'll return after a season at home.
dialog: Maybe two.
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: That means after three or four more
dialog: babies.
speaker_heading: TITUS
dialog: And you'll be too fat from Vibia's
dialog: cooking to get on your horse by
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Should the Gods so bless me. I
dialog: would be thankful.
text: Commodus perambulates up to them.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Hail, warriors. My congratulations.
scene_heading: TITUS AND QUINTUS
dialog: (bowing)
dialog: Highness.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (to Maximus)
dialog: My old friend, my father tells me
dialog: you're returning to Spain?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: A pity. I'll need men like you in
dialog: my army...
text: An awkward glance between the soldiers. This sort of talk
dialog: is offensively premature.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: There are larger division that might
dialog: appeal to you. Even the Praetorian
dialog: Guard. You've never been to Rome.
dialog: Imagine arriving as head of the
dialog: Praetorians! They have really
dialog: splendid uniforms.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (cold)
dialog: I'm going home.
text: Senators Gaius and Falco join them.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: (to Maximus)
dialog: ... And why not apply for entry to
dialog: the Senate?
speaker_heading: FALCO
text: A war hero with a handsome face and
dialog: a strong heart could go far.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: General Maximus, may I present
dialog: Senators Gaius and Falco. Beware of
dialog: this Gaius, he'll pour a honeyed
dialog: potion in your ear and you'll wake
dialog: up one day and all you'll say is
dialog: "Republic, Republic, Republic..."
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: FALCO
dialog: Have you never considered Rome?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: You've had my ear since we were
dialog: children. You could be a valuable
text: ally in the Senate.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: Are you a believer in Republicanism?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: There -- I warned you.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I'm a soldier, not a politician.
text: Meanwhile, a dark eye is studying the men through a hidden
text: slit in the tent wall. The eye is particularly drawn to
dialog: Maximus.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: If your heart lies with the people,
dialog: I would back you for the Senate.
dialog: I'm sure Gracchus would as well.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Not a word about that sodomite
dialog: bastard.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: (smiles to Maximus)
dialog: The august Senator Gracchus has been
text: rather a gadfly on the flesh of the
dialog: imperial family.
speaker_heading: FALCO
dialog: He's a damned provocateur.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: He lives under the antiquated
dialog: assumption that the Senate should
text: represent the people with vigor.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I won't tolerate it. His incessant
dialog: criticism exhausts me. The man can
dialog: speak for five hours without taking
text: a breath.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: He serves Rome best when he serves
dialog: it with honesty.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Enough... Maximus, I would like to
text: inspect the Felix Regiment at dawn.
dialog: Please arrange it.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I can't do that.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: My men have been fighting for five
dialog: solid days. They're too busy dying
dialog: to go on dress parade.
text: A beat. Commodus' eyes flash fire at this public rebuke.
text: He very quickly gets control.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Of course, how foolish of me. Some
dialog: other time...
text: He notes his father being helped out of the tent by
text: several body slaves.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
text: Caesar retires early tonight.
scene_heading: INT. TENT CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Marcus is helped out of the mess tent into a tent corridor
dialog: attached.
text: He sees his daughter Lucilla in the corridor, spying in
text: through the slit in the tent wall. He watches her,
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: If only you had been born a man...
text: She turns to him. He leaves his body slaves and goes to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Father.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What a Caesar you would have made.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: You're right.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I think you would have been strong.
dialog: I wonder if you would have been
dialog: just?
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: I would have been what you taught me
dialog: to be.
text: A beat. They stare at each other. He finally smiles.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Well, pretend to be my loving
dialog: daughter tonight and walk with me to
dialog: my chamber.
text: She smiles and takes his arm. They slowly walk down the
dialog: tent corridor as:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: This is a pleasant fiction, isn't
dialog: it?
text: They disappear into darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT CITY - DAWN
text: Maximus is slogging through the mud and snow that blankets
text: the Rome camp. He stops to observe an unusual sight.
text: Commodus is stripped almost naked, his chiseled body
text: covered in a fine sheen of sweat. He and his six
text: CENTURION BODY GUARDS are going through their daily
text: ritual. They defy the sub-zero temperatures and hack at
text: small trees with swords.
text: It is an eerie, zen-like workout. Commodus' intense
text: concentration is unnerving.
text: Maximus watches for a moment then moves on. He approaches
text: a large network of tents. He enters.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS' TENT - DAY
text: Maximus enters Marcus' darkened tent. Flickering braziers
text: provide the only light in the enormous Imperial tent.
text: Heavy beams support the canopy and they creak like the
text: timbers of a ship as the tent sways slightly in the wind.
text: Marcus stands before a map of the Roman Empire.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (bows)
dialog: Caesar.
text: Marcus holds out a scroll.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Read this.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I never acquired the art, sir.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Of course. No matter. In this
dialog: letter I denote my intention to
dialog: nominate you to stand for the
dialog: Emperorship after my death.
text: A stunned pause. Maximus stares at him.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: My son is not a moral man. You have
dialog: known this since you were young. He
dialog: cannot rule.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Caesar, I am honored but --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: For twenty years I have been
dialog: spilling blood. For twenty years I
dialog: have written philosophy and
dialog: ruminated and conquered. Since I
dialog: became Caesar I have only had four
dialog: years without war. Four years of
dialog: peace in twenty. So perhaps I can
dialog: be... forgiven.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: While I have been fighting, Rome has
text: grown mad and corpulent and
dialog: diseased. I did this. And now I
dialog: shall make it right.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Sire, you brought the light of the
dialog: Gods to barbarian darkness. You
dialog: brought civilization and justice to
dialog: the farthest --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (fierce)
dialog: I have brought the sword -- nothing
dialog: more! Rome is far away and we
dialog: shouldn't be here. What matter is
dialog: it to the Gods if we subdue one more
dialog: tribe of Parthians or Gauls? What
dialog: matter is it to Rome if a thousand
dialog: more barbarians bend to our lash?
text: A beat.
text: Marcus sits. He doesn't look at Maximus.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Winter, Maximus. It's winter now...
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: There was a dream that was Rome. I
text: can only whisper of it now.
dialog: Anything more than a whisper and the
text: dream vanishes. It's so... fragile.
dialog: The true glory of Rome is in a very
dialog: fragile idea. Imagine a place
dialog: devoted to the rights of the
dialog: citizen. Where every free man has a
dialog: voice. That was the dream... And I
dialog: fear it will not survive the winter.
text: He holds out a hand to Maximus. Maximus takes his hand,
text: deeply moved, kneeling.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Let's just whisper here, you and I.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes, Caesar.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: If the dream is ever to live again
dialog: the people must have a true voice.
dialog: The voice I took from them. That
dialog: all the Caesars took from them, bit
dialog: by bit, conquest by conquest. And
dialog: now that I am dying I am going to
dialog: give them that voice again.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You're not dying.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I am, Maximus. It's strange... I
dialog: find as I near the end I think
text: little of the waning moments around
dialog: me... instead I think much of the
dialog: past... and of the future. How will
dialog: the world speak my name in years to
dialog: come? Will I be known as the
dialog: philosopher? The warrior? The
dialog: tyrant? Or will there be a more
dialog: golden sounding to my name? Will I
dialog: be the Emperor who gave Rome back
dialog: her freedom?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Before I die I will give the people
dialog: this final gift. I will give them
text: the Senate reborn. The voice of the
dialog: people empowered again, as it was
dialog: always meant to be. It is my design
dialog: that they will elect the next
dialog: Emperor. And I would put forward
dialog: your name with my backing.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Caesar, you do me honor -- but your
dialog: son has pride of place for
dialog: succession.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You are the son I should have had...
dialog: Although I fear in my deepest heart
dialog: that if you had truly been my son my
dialog: blood would have polluted you as it
dialog: did Commodus. We're a cursed
dialog: bloodline. We have lived so long in
dialog: power and depravity that we no
dialog: longer remember a life without it.
dialog: We can no longer even imagine a life
dialog: without it.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Look at me, son.
text: Maximus looks at him.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Son... I know that one grove of your
dialog: vineyard is worth more to you than
dialog: all the treasures of Rome. I know
dialog: one loving word from your wife is
dialog: worth more than the accolades of an
dialog: Empire. But... a fond old man, who
dialog: loves you more than he can say, begs
dialog: you to at least think about what he
dialog: has said tonight.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I shall, Caesar.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I'll keep this letter to myself. I
dialog: hope that with the sunrise you will
dialog: agree. And embrace me as a father.
text: Maximus nods and rises. He begins to go. Stops.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You have always been my father.
dialog: He goes.
scene_heading: INT. TENT CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Maximus emerges from Marcus' tent into a long tent
text: corridor, deep in thought.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA'S VOICE
dialog: He always favored you...
text: He turns. Lucilla is waiting. She glides to him.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
text: Even over his son.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: That's not true.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Maximus, stop...
dialog: (he stops)
dialog: Let me see your face.
text: He turns to her.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: You've been crying.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I lost too many men.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: What does my father intend?
text: He turns and walks. She walks with him.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: You're lying. I could tell when you
dialog: were lying even when we were
dialog: children. You hate it.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I never acquired your comfort with
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: True. But then you never had to.
dialog: Maximus, stop...
dialog: (he stops again)
dialog: ... Is it really so terrible seeing
dialog: me again?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: No. I'm sorry. I'm tired from the
dialog: battle.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: And you are hurt to see my father
dialog: dying.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: He will announce Commodus'
dialog: succession. That's why he summoned
dialog: us. Will you serve my brother as
dialog: you served his father?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I will always serve the ideals of
dialog: Rome.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Do you know I still remember you in
dialog: my prayers...? Oh yes, I pray...
dialog: Ever since that day you saved me
dialog: from drowning off Capri. Do you
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Commodus was so angry that a mere
dialog: peasant -- a Spaniard no less --
dialog: touched the royal person, do you
dialog: remember his anger?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Mark this, Maximus: that is the man
dialog: who will be Emperor.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: May I be permitted to go, Highness?
text: She smiles sadly.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: There was a time when you didn't
dialog: call me "Highness."
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: And there was a time when you were
text: just a little girl drowning in the
dialog: sea. All that was a different life.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Very different... I wonder if it was
dialog: better?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: It was more honest.
text: A moment between them. We sense there is much to be said,
dialog: much that could be said.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I thank you for your prayers.
text: He goes. She watches him walk away.
scene_heading: INT. MAXIMUS' TENT - NIGHT
text: Maximus kneels before a small altar in his tent. He faces
text: six small figures that represent his dead ancestors.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Ancestors, true bloodline, I ask you
dialog: for your guidance. Bring me your
dialog: solace and your wisdom. Blessed
dialog: Mother, come to me in my dreams with
dialog: the Gods' desire for my future.
dialog: Blessed Father, watch over my wife
dialog: and my son with a ready sword. Keep
dialog: them safe until my return. Whisper
dialog: to them in their sleep that I live
dialog: only to hold them again and all else
dialog: is dust and air. Ancestors, true
dialog: bloodline, I honor you and will try
dialog: to live with the dignity you have
dialog: taught me.
text: He looks at his "ancestors" for a moment and then blows
text: out the candles around them.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS' TENT - NIGHT
text: Commodus' eyes are red with weeping. He sits, head down,
text: at the foot of Marcus' bed and speaks to his father.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I search the faces of the Gods for
dialog: ways to please you... to make you
dialog: proud... and I can never do it. One
dialog: kind word -- one full hug where you
dialog: pressed me to your chest and held me
dialog: tight -- would have been like the
dialog: sun on my heart for a thousand
dialog: years... What is it in me you hate
dialog: so much? My eyes are your eyes. My
dialog: hands are your hands. All I have
dialog: ever wanted was to live up to you.
dialog: Caesar. Father.
text: He stands. We see that he is holding the scroll denoting
dialog: Marcus' intention to nominate Maximus as Emperor to the
text: Senate. Commodus cannot control his tears.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Why does Maximus deserve what I
dialog: could never have? -- Why do you love
dialog: his eyes over mine? -- I would
dialog: butcher the whole world -- if you
dialog: would only love me...
text: Commodus weeps.
scene_heading: INT. MAXIMUS' TENT - NIGHT
text: Quintus is waking Maximus --
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: General -- Maximus --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Quintus -- ?
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: The Emperor needs you. It's urgent.
text: Maximus leaps up and throws on a cloak, strides out with
dialog: Quintus...
scene_heading: EXT. TENT CITY - NIGHT
text: Dead of night. Maximus and Quintus stride quickly through
text: the sleeping camp toward Marcus' tent.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: What is it? Is he ill?
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: I don't know...
text: They continue on toward Marcus' tent.
scene_heading: INT. MARCUS' TENT - NIGHT
text: Maximus and Quintus stride into the tent -- Maximus slams
text: to a halt. Stunned.
text: Commodus stands before him. Lucilla stands in a corner of
text: the tent, head down.
text: And Marcus Aurelius dead, lying on his bed.
text: Maximus stares at Marcus.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Lament with me, brother, our great
dialog: father is dead. I want --
text: Maximus, not even hearing, steps past him to Marcus.
text: He stands for a moment and then slowly kneels before
text: Marcus and gently kisses the old man's forehead. A ritual
dialog: farewell.
text: A moment of silent mourning and then Maximus stands. He
text: turns very, very slowly to Commodus.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: General, the Gods' have taken the
dialog: great man and left me alone. My
dialog: first desire as Emperor is that you
dialog: take my hand in friendship. I need
dialog: you at my side, Maximus, at this
dialog: moment above all others. Stand with
dialog: me.
text: Maximus glares at him:
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: How did he die?
text: Commodus does not respond.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: How did he die?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: The surgeons say it was his breath
dialog: that gave out.
text: Maximus glances to Lucilla, she avoids his eyes.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Take my hand, Maximus. I only offer
dialog: it once.
text: A beat.
text: Maximus turns back to Marcus.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: How will the world speak your name
dialog: now, old man?
text: Without a glance to Commodus, he stalks out.
text: A silent beat. Then Commodus nods to Quintus. Quintus
dialog: goes.
text: Lucilla looks at Commodus for a long moment, her face an
text: enigmatic tornado of complex emotions.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Hail, Caesar.
scene_heading: INT. MAXIMUS' TENT - NIGHT
text: Maximus is kneeling before his ancestors, head down, his
text: fists clenched, praying.
text: Quintus and four Praetorian ASSASSINS suddenly burst in --
text: the assassins move immediately to bind Maximus -- swords
dialog: at his throat --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: What -- ?!
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: (ashamed)
dialog: Please don't fight, Maximus --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Quintus --
text: Quintus goes to Maximus' armor, which hangs nearby, and
text: slowly removes his seal of office.
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: I'm sorry, General, Caesar has
dialog: spoken.
dialog: They pull Maximus out --
scene_heading: EXT. MAXIMUS' TENT - TENT CITY - NIGHT
text: Five horses are waiting.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Quintus, what -- ?
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: (anguish)
dialog: I have no choice --
text: They are almost run over by a stern cohort of twenty
text: Praetorians who gallop past. Maximus knows immediately
dialog: what this means.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: My family?!
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: What about my family, Quintus?
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: They will greet you in the
dialog: afterlife.
text: Maximus lunges at him -- the Praetorians subdue him --
text: slamming him with a sword hilt -- knocking him
text: unconscious.
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: (quietly, to
dialog: assassins)
dialog: Take him as far as the sunrise and
text: then kill him.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - DAWN
text: The four Praetorian assassins lead Maximus along a road.
text: He sits slumped in his saddle, drained.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIN #1
dialog: All right, this is far enough.
text: The three other assassins climb from their horses.
text: Assassin #2 pushes Maximus from his horse. He falls to
text: the ground hard.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIN #1
dialog: You two take him down there where no
dialog: one will find him.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIN #3
dialog: Come on, General...
text: Assassin #3 and Assassin #4 drag Maximus down a densely
text: forested hill along the road. Maximus' hands are still
text: bound in front of him. He seems totally lacking in any
dialog: resistance.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - BELOW THE ROAD - DAWN
text: Maximus eyes the two assassins as they troop down the
text: hill away from the road, he notes their sparkling armor.
text: The armor of men who have never seen real battle.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Have you ever done this before?
speaker_heading: ASSASSIN #3
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Killed a man with a sword?
speaker_heading: ASSASSIN #3
dialog: Not like this, exactly... this is
dialog: good, you can stop.
text: They stop. They are far down the hill, out of sight of
dialog: the road.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: It can be very messy -- you could
dialog: get blood all over your armor. You
dialog: don't want to hack me up now. You
dialog: want one clean stroke.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIN #3
dialog: Would you kneel, General?
text: Maximus kneels, his whole body secretly coiling. Assassin
text: #3 stands over him as:
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: One good stroke -- you do know
dialog: where, don't you?
speaker_heading: ASSASSIN #4
dialog: Be quiet.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: If you miss the spot there'll be
text: blood everywhere. Quite a spray.
speaker_heading: ASSASSINS #3
dialog: All right, where?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Here -- you don't want to hit the
dialog: vein on the neck --
text: Maximus points his bound hands at a spot on the back of
text: his neck.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Put the point of your sword here...
dialog: you want one, good blow right at
dialog: this spot --
text: Assassin #3 dutifully puts the point of his sword on the
text: spot on Maximus' neck.
dialog: A grave mistake.
text: Maximus instantly grabs the blade of the sword with his
text: hands and yanks it from Assassin #3 -- EXPLODING up -- his
text: hands are bleeding but he tosses the sword into the air
text: and catches it -- swings the sword with brutal efficiency
dialog: -- decapitating both assassins --
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - DAWN
text: On the road above, the other two Assassins are on their
text: horses, waiting.
text: They hear a quick yelp from below. And then nothing.
text: Assassin #1 nods for Assassin #2 to check on the
text: execution. Assassin #2 canters off the road and down the
dialog: hill...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - BELOW THE ROAD - DAWN
text: Assassin #2 canters down the hillside.
text: He senses movement behind him -- spins around, drawing his
dialog: sword -- too late --
text: Maximus throws a sword -- it flashes through the air --
text: and into Assassin #2.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - DAWN
text: Assassin #1 waits on his horse. He hears the commotion
text: below -- spins his horse around just as Maximus bursts to
text: the road. He stands with a sword.
text: Assassin #1 spurs his horse and gallops toward Maximus at
text: full speed -- Maximus crouches and prepares --
text: Assassin #1 and Maximus swirl together for an instant --
text: both slashing brutally --
text: Assassin #1 continues to gallop past Maximus. He stops.
text: He looks down. A wound in his stomach. He falls off his
dialog: horse. Dead.
text: Maximus has also been wounded -- a deep gash on his side.
text: He fights the pain as he moves toward the horses...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - DAY
text: Maximus is galloping through the forest at lightning
text: speed, leading four horses behind him. The gash in his
text: side bleeding.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT CITY - DAY
text: A gloomy day. Emperor Commodus stands before the
text: assembled Felix Regiment.
text: The soldiers are already uneasy. They note Quintus
text: standing by Commodus, wearing Maximus' seal of office.
dialog: Where is Maximus?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Even as the Gods curse this dark day
dialog: with clouds, so too does the sun
text: begin to shine forth on a promised
dialog: tomorrow. Even as we mourn the
dialog: passing of our father, so too do we
dialog: celebrate the coming of a bright,
text: new age for Rome. At my side,
dialog: brothers, you shall pull fresh
dialog: glories from the heavens. At my
dialog: side, brothers, you shall know the
text: adoration of the Gods. Doubly-dark
dialog: is this day because my friend, your
dialog: noble commander Maximus Meridas, has
dialog: been called to Rome to deal with
dialog: urgent matters of state...
text: Titus glances quickly to Gallus, whose hand is bandaged
dialog: from surgery. They know this cannot be true.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Until his promised return I
dialog: appointed Quintus Domitian to serve
dialog: in his stead. I salute you,
dialog: Legionnaires!
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: (raising his sword)
dialog: Hail, Caesar!
text: The Felix Regiment responds, many unsure.
scene_heading: FELIX REGIMENT
dialog: Hail, Caesar!
text: Commodus strides off and the Felix Regiment slowly
text: disbands, muttering to one another in confusion.
text: Titus and Gallus go to Quintus.
speaker_heading: TITUS
dialog: Quintus, what is -- ?
speaker_heading: QUINTUS
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Don't speak of it. Never speak of
dialog: it.
text: He stalks off. Titus and Gallus, concerned, watch him
text: follow after Commodus.
scene_heading: INT. MAXIMUS' TENT - DAY
text: Lucilla stands in Maximus' tent. She looks around. She
text: gently touches his Lorica Segmentata. Her fingertips move
text: along the contours of his armor. She tries to retain her
text: neutral demeanor.
text: She notes his "ancestors" on the small alter.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - NIGHT
text: Maximus continues to gallop, he is on a different horse.
text: He leads only two horses now.
scene_heading: EXT. VINEYARD - DAY
text: Maximus' home in Spain is beautiful beyond measure.
text: We see verdant farmlands and vineyards and a spacious
text: house nestled amid gently rolling hills.
text: Maximus' eight-year-old SON is in a paddock playing with
text: his pony. He stops, sees something. Over a hill, he can
text: just glimpse a battle flag, approaching.
text: He screams with joy and runs toward the flag as he calls:
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS' SON
text: MOTHER! MOTHER! FATHER'S HOME!
text: Maximus' WIFE emerges from the house, drying her hands on
text: a cloth and smiles.
text: Maximus' Son races toward the flag. He can just see the
text: soldiers beginning to appear over the hill. Not a Roman
text: Legion at all. Twenty Praetorians canter over the hill.
text: Maximus' Son stops, confused.
scene_heading: EXT. OLIVE GROVE - DAY
text: Maximus is galloping up a hill, leading only one horse
text: now. The horse he is on is exhausted, spent, foam coats
text: its neck. It can't make it.
text: The horse collapses and Maximus falls. He immediately
text: leaps onto the remaining horse and continues riding up the
dialog: hill.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLS AROUND VINEYARD - SUNSET
text: Maximus is racing over the countryside, galloping in a
text: frenzy. His wound is bleeding profusely, coating the side
text: of his horse.
text: He rears the horse to a stop for a moment. Over a hill he
text: can see thick black smoke rising. He spurs the horse and
text: gallops over the hill...
scene_heading: EXT. VINEYARD - SUNSET
text: And his worst nightmares are realized.
text: His home and his vineyards have been destroyed. The earth
text: has been scorched and his house is still smoldering. He
text: rides up to the house and practically falls off the horse.
text: He pulls himself up and walks past the smoldering debris
text: of his house, fearing what he knows he will find.
text: He sees the bodies of servants scattered about in the
text: ruins. He sees a Praetorian battle flag.
text: He continues on, his wound bleeding more with every
text: tortured step. He finally stops. He stares up.
text: His wife and his son have been crucified and burnt. They
text: are nothing more than grotesquely twisted, charred shapes.
text: Maximus instantly collapses to his knees -- he howls out
text: his torment in a heartrending keen of despair as he coats
text: his face in the ashes of his dead world. He sinks into
text: unconsciousness, praying for death.
scene_heading: EXT. VINEYARD - DAY
text: An unusual jingling sound is heard. Maximus appears to be
text: dead, his gaping wound beginning to fester.
text: The source of the jingling becomes clear when we see the
text: feet of Bedouin brigands, with delicate anklets, shuffling
text: around him. A hand touches his sandals. Rich sandals.
text: Another touches his tunic. Good cloth.
text: Suddenly Maximus groans. The hands stop. He's alive. A
text: bit of quick language in an unknown tongue.
text: Then the hands grab Maximus and drag him away.
scene_heading: EXT. SLAVE WAGON TRAIN - DAY
text: Maximus' eyes slowly open --
text: Inches away from his face -- a lion roars --
text: Maximus lurches back.
text: He looks around to realize he is in a filthy slave wagon.
text: Three other wagons slowly move over the desert landscape.
text: Exotic animals are caged in pens or led alongside the
text: wagons: lions, panthers, zebras, a giraffe. A dozen
text: slaves are chained together alongside sacks of spices and
text: other cargo. Bedouin slave traders jabber in a surreal
dialog: babel of foreign tongues.
text: And someone is looking at him. JUBA, a striking African,
text: is gazing at him impassively as he chews something. Juba
text: is also chained.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Am I in Hades?
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: Yes.
text: Juba spits what he has been chewing into his hands and
text: moves to Maximus.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: For your wound...
text: Maximus stares at him.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: (nods)
dialog: For your wound.
text: Maximus looks down -- the bloody wound at his side.
text: Juba carefully places his poultice over the wound --
text: Maximus hisses in pain -- Juba massages the poultice into
dialog: the wound gently as:
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: If you die in the wagons they feed
dialog: you to the lions... The lions are
dialog: worth more than we are. I think we
dialog: are worth more than the zebras
dialog: though. So they don't feed us to
dialog: them.
text: Maximus stares at him. Juba looks down at him with the
text: barest hint of a smile.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: I'm not sure about the giraffe.
scene_heading: EXT. SLAVE MARKET - DAY
dialog: The heat of Morocco is unlike anything Maximus has ever
text: known. Shimmering heat waves undulate over the sand.
text: The provincial market is bustling like the proverbial
text: anthill. Slave traders and dealers and merchants move
text: around, all talking very quickly and very emphatically.
text: Maximus, Juba and a number of other slaves are on display,
text: poked and prodded and fondled. Their BEDOUIN SLAVE TRADER
text: sings out their praises to any passers.
text: The crowd parts almost magically for the dramatic arrival
text: of PROXIMO. Proximo is a large man of immense appetites.
text: He has the ferocious appearance of a true pirate. Two
text: slaves follow behind him and impotently swat at flies with
dialog: switches.
speaker_heading: SLAVE TRADER
dialog: Proximo, my old friend, see what I
dialog: have for you today -- !
text: Proximo SLAMS a fist into the Slave Trader's face. The
text: Slave Trader sails back.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Those giraffes you sold me won't
dialog: mate! All they do is run around not
dialog: mating! YOU SOLD ME EUNUCH
dialog: GIRAFFES!!
text: The Slave Trader pulls himself up, hugely obsequious.
speaker_heading: SLAVE TRADER
dialog: I will make it up to you, Master.
dialog: It's bargain day for you! Look,
dialog: look, look -- I have two lions and a
dialog: panther -- hear how they roar for
dialog: you! "Bring me home, Proximo!"
text: Proximo examines the animals.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: How much for the lot?
speaker_heading: SLAVE TRADER
dialog: For you -- 8,000 sesterces.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: For me -- 6,000 sesterces and I want
dialog: to see their balls first. And you
dialog: throw in those two slaves.
speaker_heading: SLAVE TRADER
dialog: (moves to Maximus)
dialog: What about this one? Look at the
dialog: arms!
text: Proximo moves to Maximus. The Slave Trader forces open
text: Maximus' mouth.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Good teeth --
text: Proximo notes the many old battle scars on Maximus' body.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Where did you get those scars?
text: Maximus doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Are you a soldier?
text: Maximus doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Do you speak? --
text: (he roars back to a
dialog: slave)
text: KEEP THOSE DAMN FLIES OFF ME!
dialog: (back to Maximus)
text: He's dying.
speaker_heading: SLAVE TRADER
text: 1,000 sesterces.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: My ass...
dialog: (moves to Juba)
dialog: You throw in this one and we'll make
dialog: it 7,000 sesterces for the whole
dialog: lot.
speaker_heading: SLAVE TRADER
dialog: I have to eat, Master! He's my
dialog: finest, I couldn't let him go as
dialog: part of the lot for less than 9,000
dialog: total...
dialog: (back to Maximus)
dialog: I tell you this one is prime. He's
dialog: a Spaniard and killed fourteen of my
dialog: men before he could be subdued!
text: Proximo looks at Maximus, notes the many battle scars
text: again. The scars, and something he senses in Maximus'
text: eyes, is enough for Proximo to consider it.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (to trader)
dialog: All right, let's see.
text: The Slave Trader and his colleagues grab Maximus and
text: bustle him across the market, unlocking his chains.
text: Maximus has no idea what's going on.
text: In the center of the market place, a veritable GIANT of a
text: man sits on a small stool, a wooden sword in his hand. He
text: is hunched over and chained to the ground by a ten foot
text: chain shackled to his ankle. A think metal helmet is
text: riveted around his entire head, only long turfs of hair
text: emerging. His dim eyes stare listlessly through a slot in
text: the helmet.
text: The Slave Trader puts a wooden sword in Maximus' hand and
text: shoves him toward the Giant. The Giant stands. He towers
text: over Maximus.
text: The Giant suddenly swings his sword -- he moves with
text: remarkable quickness -- Maximus makes no attempt to block
text: the blow -- it sends him flying to the ground.
text: Maximus pulls himself up.
text: The Giant moves in and hits him again -- Maximus recoils
text: -- the Giant hits him again -- Maximus falls.
text: Maximus pulls himself up.
text: The Giant moves in again -- he slams him a few more times
dialog: -- Maximus makes no attempt to protect himself -- he
dialog: falls.
text: Maximus pulls himself up.
text: The Giant is about to attack again --
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (to Slave Trader)
dialog: That's enough.
speaker_heading: SLAVE TRADER
dialog: STOP! STOP!
text: His colleagues race into the ring and haul the Giant away
text: from Maximus. The Giant quietly sits back on his stool.
text: Proximo studies Maximus for a moment and then glances to
dialog: the Slave Trader.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: I'll give you 500 sesterces.
speaker_heading: SLAVE TRADER
dialog: No -- no -- 1,000!
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Come, don't quibble with your old
dialog: friend. I'll take the lions, the
dialog: panther, the Numidian and this one
dialog: for 7,000. And I'll buy you the
dialog: best whore in the town for two
dialog: nights. She's an enormous mountain
text: of flesh who craves a stern hand.
speaker_heading: SLAVE TRADER
dialog: How could I say no to my old friend
dialog: Proximo?
scene_heading: EXT. PROXIMO'S SCHOOL - DAY
text: Maximus and Juba are crammed into a wagon with about ten
text: other slaves, including a very scared and reedy SCRIBE.
text: Other wagons are filled with exotic animals, including
dialog: several lions.
text: The wagons move through a crowded casbah and are taken
text: through an imposing set of gates to...
scene_heading: EXT. PROXIMO'S SCHOOL - COMPOUND - DAY
text: An open compound in Proximo's school. On one side of the
text: compound is a series of cages filled with wild animals of
text: every description -- including Proximo's two hapless
text: giraffes.
text: Proximo's house slaves begin unloading the newly purchased
text: exotic animals into cages as Maximus and the new slaves
text: are unloaded. Heavily armed guards supervise everything.
text: But Proximo's slaves are having a bit of a problem with
text: one of the new lions -- it growls and resists them.
text: Without the slightest hesitation, Proximo thunders to the
text: lion and grabs it by the mane -- manhandling it into a
dialog: cage.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: COME ON, YOU FILTHY BEAST!
text: He kicks the lion in the rear as he shoves it into the
dialog: cage.
text: Proximo's provincial school resembles nothing so much as a
text: seedy prison. The fading grandeur of the decaying
text: battlements and the sweeping North African architecture
text: only slightly mitigate the brutal feel of the place.
dialog: And if Maximus had any doubts as to Proximo's profession
text: -- all doubts are washed away when he sees the compound.
text: Twenty GLADIATORS are working out in the compound --
text: hacking at practice dummies and sparring. The many
text: heavily armed guards oversee everything. The gladiators
text: stop working out as they see the new slaves enter. They
text: eye their potential new opponents warily.
text: One huge, glowering gladiator -- VIBIUS -- watches with
text: particular interest. His eye is quickly drawn to the most
dialog: obvious athlete: Juba.
text: The new slaves are herded to the middle of the compound
text: and house slaves immediately begin throwing buckets of
text: water on them, cleaning them.
text: Meanwhile, Proximo shrugs off his cloak. A slave brings
text: him wine as he give his "welcoming speech" to the new
dialog: slaves:
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Slaves. I am Proximo, trainer of
dialog: gladiators. You live and die at my
dialog: pleasure. Fight well and you will
dialog: live. Fight poorly and you will
dialog: die. It is better to live.
text: Slaves now toss thick handfuls of powdered lime on the new
text: slaves -- they cough and clench their eyes shut, the lime
text: coats and stings their wet bodies.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Here you will be trained in the art
dialog: of combat. Here you will be given
dialog: the tools to survive. Please my
text: patrons in the arena and all the
dialog: gifts of the world will be showered
dialog: upon you. Imagine riches beyond
dialog: your paltry dreams of riches!
dialog: Imagine fame beyond your rude
dialog: understanding of the word! All this
dialog: can belong to the select few who
dialog: prove their worth in the arena.
text: Slaves throw more water on the new slaves -- washing off
dialog: the lime.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: If... on the other hand... you
dialog: disappoint me... you will be
dialog: dismembered and fed to my jackals
text: limb by limb.
text: He gazes evenly at his new acquisitions.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: And my jackals are always hungry.
text: He strides off and the guards shove the new gladiators
text: toward their cells.
scene_heading: INT. PROXIMO'S SCHOOL - MAXIMUS' CELL - NIGHT
text: Maximus and Juba share a small, filthy cell. The cell
text: door faces the open compound. Across the compound they
text: can see the much more comfortable cells of the "star"
text: gladiators such as Vibius.
text: They both sit on the floor, leaning against the wall.
text: Juba is eating a bowl of food with a wooden spoon.
text: Maximus' bowl and spoon are at his side, he has not
dialog: touched them.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: Have you killed a man before?
text: Maximus does not respond.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: You should eat. You'll need your
dialog: strength tomorrow.
text: Maximus does not respond.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: I've never killed a man. But I
dialog: think you have.
text: Maximus does not respond.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: I almost killed once. The Romans
dialog: destroyed my village. I was with a
dialog: hunting party and when we
dialog: returned... I would have killed
dialog: every Roman in the world.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: If you don't eat you will die.
text: Maximus does not respond.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: In the village I come from there was
dialog: a man once. He went fishing one day
dialog: and his boat was attacked by
text: crocodiles. One of them ate his
text: leg. He pulled himself to the shore
text: and a lion attacked him. It ate one
text: of his arms. He dragged himself
text: through the desert on the way home
text: and a scorpion stung his eye. So he
text: only had one eye. When he reached
dialog: the village I sat with him. I said,
dialog: "You have lost a leg, an arm and one
dialog: eye. You must have a mighty will to
dialog: live." He said, "No, Lord, it's
dialog: just better than the alternative."
text: Maximus finally looks at him.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: Life is a gift from our fathers to
dialog: us. Who are you to give it up for
dialog: lack of lifting a spoon?
text: Maximus does not respond.
scene_heading: EXT. PROXIMO'S SCHOOL - COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: Maximus and Juba are being observed. Proximo stands in
text: the shadows of the compound and watches intently.
scene_heading: EXT. SLAVE WAGON - PROVINCIAL STREETS - DAY
text: Blood appears to be flowing across an oxen's back. But
text: the blood is too rich, too red.
text: The oxen are pulling an open slave wagon through the
text: crowded streets of the town. Hanging above the street is
text: dyed wool drying in the sun. Vermilion and crimson dyes
text: drip down and splash across the oxen -- and splash across
text: the gladiators.
text: Maximus, Juba, the formidable Vibius are chained in the
text: back of the wagon. Also the frightened Scribe.
text: Proximo and a few of his guards drive the wagon. Proximo
text: has an umbrella over him, colored with years of dripping
dialog: dyes.
text: They pass a banner honoring Vibius, the star of Proximo's
dialog: stable.
text: Meanwhile, the terrified Scribe is almost weeping,
text: chattering nervously to Vibius, chained next to him:
speaker_heading: SCRIBE
dialog: I know nothing of armaments and
dialog: warfare! I'm a scribe -- I write
dialog: down words! I can write down seven
dialog: languages --
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: Be still.
speaker_heading: SCRIBE
dialog: I don't -- how do you hold the
dialog: sword?! I've never held a sword!
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: You point the sharp end at your
dialog: opponent and you shove it in his
dialog: guts.
speaker_heading: SCRIBE
dialog: I can't -- I --
text: He suddenly vomits.
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: (calling to Proximo)
dialog: Proximo! You insult me with this
dialog: carrion! Chain him to someone else!
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Don't worry, noble Vibius, he won't
dialog: be bothering you for long.
text: The Scribe begins to weep.
text: The crowds in the street jeer at the passing gladiators.
text: Occasionally throwing trash at them. A pack of children
text: run alongside the wagon, chanting:
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: Dead guts! Dead guts! Dead guts!
text: Maximus watches the children for a moment and then another
text: sight draws his attention. Over some buildings he can see
text: vultures circling in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. PROVINCIAL ARENA - DUGOUT - DAY
text: In the cramped holding area of the arena, a dugout beneath
text: the stands, Maximus and the other gladiators are waiting.
text: Proximo walks before them, giving a final "pep talk." He
text: gazes at them evenly, his eyes going from face to face.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Some of you say you can't fight, you
dialog: won't fight... They all say that...
dialog: But one day you will pick up a sword
text: and thrust it into another man. And
dialog: the crowd will cheer you and love
dialog: you. And you will love them for it.
dialog: On that day... you will be a
dialog: gladiator.
text: He stops at Maximus.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: In this life, we all die. All we
dialog: can choose is how we die. And how
dialog: we are remembered. Be remembered
text: proudly.
text: Drums are heard from the arena. Proximo nods to a waiting
dialog: blacksmith.
text: The blacksmith begins slamming shackles on the gladiator's
text: wrists -- chaining them together in teams of two by a
text: chain about four feet long.
text: The blacksmith is about to chain Maximus to the Scribe.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: No...
dialog: (he points to Juba)
dialog: ... give the Spaniard to him. Give
text: the Scribe to Vibius.
text: Proximo nods to Vibius, who, for reasons we shall soon
text: see, makes no protest to being chained to the whimpering
dialog: Scribe.
text: Proximo watches the blacksmith shackle Maximus and Juba
text: together and then strides off.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: (to Maximus)
dialog: Are we going to fight each other?
scene_heading: EXT. PROVINCIAL ARENA - DAY
text: Proximo sits in a box with several other GLADIATOR
text: TRAINERS. They drink wine and eat constantly. A
text: perpetual chatter of wagers and odds and side bets.
text: The arena is only sparsely attended this day.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Make it 600 sesterces for each
dialog: decapitation.
speaker_heading: TRAINER #1
dialog: How many strokes?
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Two.
speaker_heading: TRAINER #1
dialog: For the great Vibius, one stroke.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Done. 400 sesterces for two
dialog: strokes.
dialog: In the arena:
text: Proximo's chained teams enter the arena, five teams.
text: Maximus and Juba are chained together. Some of the small
text: crowd cheers for Vibius. He acknowledges the cheers. He
text: is chained to the weeping Scribe.
dialog: In the box:
text: Trainer #1 laughs.
speaker_heading: TRAINER #1
dialog: (re: Vibius)
dialog: Who's he with?
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
text: A Greek Scribe.
speaker_heading: TRAINER #1
dialog: I'll raise the wager.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Give me odds, friend.
dialog: In the arena:
text: From the opposite end of the arena a dozen armored, very
text: scary Andabatae thunder into the arena. Some of the crowd
text: cheers.
text: The Andabatae immediately race for the chained teams and
text: the battle is on.
text: Vibius spins into action -- dragging the weeping Scribe
text: after him as he circles opponents and fights -- the Scribe
text: is almost instantly killed -- Vibius immediately hacks
text: through the Scribe's wrist and frees himself, as Proximo
text: surely intended. Vibius is now free to fight alone,
text: swinging the chain as an additional weapon.
text: Juba's eyes dart everywhere as he tries to move with
dialog: Maximus -- Maximus neither helps nor hinders -- allowing
dialog: Juba to pull him along --
text: Proximo, now that his star Vibius is safe, watched Maximus
text: and Juba closely.
text: Juba fights well, with a strange elegance, his body
text: flowing like liquid -- but he is inexperienced. He
text: strikes a few blows and then tries to move away -- finally
text: he is in trouble -- cornered -- a huge Andabata is slicing
text: at him -- it is a desperate battle -- Juba is losing --
text: his sword is slammed away -- the Andabata raises his sword
dialog: for the kill --
text: And Maximus strikes.
text: With a sudden roar he EXPLODES into action -- he swings
text: past Juba and blocks the blow meant for Juba -- then he
text: slashes the Andabata -- killing him -- he pulls Juba after
text: him as he fights --
text: It is a dazzling display of Maximus' skill -- he moves
text: through the Andabatae at amazing speed -- spinning around
text: Juba and protecting him -- slashing ruthlessly -- pulling
text: Juba after him and commanding the battle -- Juba recovers
text: a sword and they fight together.
dialog: In the box:
text: Proximo watches, smiles. A gladiator is born.
scene_heading: EXT. ROME - WAGON - DAY
text: SENATOR GRACCHUS, an imposing, moral and corpulent man in
text: his 60's, is riding in a luxurious wagon with Senator
dialog: Gaius.
text: And CAPTAIN MARCELLUS, the handsome Head of the Roman City
dialog: Guard.
text: Their wagon slowly maneuvers through the crowded streets
text: of Rome. The cosmopolitan bustle of the great urban
text: center is everywhere around them.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: We have plague in the Hebrew Quarter
dialog: and it is spreading... we have
dialog: looting at the granaries... we have
dialog: so much filth in the Tiber that the
dialog: water is undrinkable... we have
text: Praetorian Guard units that are
dialog: demanding protection payments from
dialog: the merchants at the exchange --
speaker_heading: MARCELLUS
dialog: My City Guard units have tried to
dialog: curtail these excesses but no
dialog: constabulary can police the entire
text: city. And the Praetorians outnumber
dialog: us two to one.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
text: Rome dies as the Emperor plays at
dialog: beneficence. At least Nero gave us
dialog: music!
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: Do you think he'll listen to us?
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: It is his duty to hear the will of
dialog: the Senate.
text: Their wagon stops -- hopelessly stuck in a massive traffic
text: jam of chariots, wagons and sedan chairs.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Not to mention the damn traffic!
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - THRONE ROOM - DAY
text: Emperor Commodus is standing before a group of male
text: children and their tutors in his throne room.
text: The throne room is still very much the province of his
text: father. Manuscripts and astronomical charts and papyrus
text: scrolls and wax tablets litter the heavy desk. A large
text: bust of Marcus Aurelius is in one corner.
text: Lucilla and Senator Falco are present. So too Senators
text: Gracchus and Gaius and Captain Marcellus.
text: A well-rehearsed child presents Commodus with a laurel
text: wreath.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: We honor Caesar with the laurel to
dialog: show our love and appreciation for
dialog: his benevolence.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Caesar is honored to accept your
dialog: tribute, Citizen Scholar.
text: The child smiles and moves back to his fellows.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (to all)
dialog: It is the most sacred duty of the
dialog: Emperor to oversee the education of
dialog: the young. If I could leave no
dialog: other legacy than the scholarship of
dialog: all children my life would be
dialog: blessed. Tutors, you hold the
dialog: future of Rome in your hands. Teach
dialog: them well so that they will bring
dialog: honor to the Empire. I salute you.
text: Commodus actually bows before them, an unimaginable honor.
text: The tutors bow in response and herd the children out.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Look at them, Senators... my truest
dialog: gift to Rome.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Darling children, to be sure, now if
dialog: I may proceed?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Very well...
text: Commodus moves to the desk, standing over it and gazing at
dialog: Marcus' scrolls as:
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Caesar, your presence in Rome is an
dialog: invaluable opportunity to begin
dialog: correcting some of the ills that
dialog: have beset the city since your
dialog: father went to the wars. We would
dialog: like to --
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Peace, good Gracchus, peace...
text: Commodus slowly begins pushing Marcus' papyrus scrolls off
text: the desk to the floor, one by one, as:
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: My beloved father was a careless
dialog: shepherd to his flock. I shall be a
dialog: good father to my children. I shall
dialog: remain in Rome and show them how
dialog: they are loved.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: With respect, sire, the people don't
dialog: need love -- they need law. The
dialog: Senate has prepared a series of
dialog: protocols to begin addressing the
dialog: corruption in the city --
dialog: (Gaius hands him a
dialog: scroll)
dialog: -- starting with basic sanitation in
dialog: the Hebrew Quarter. If Caesar could
dialog: study this and --
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: You see that's the very problem,
dialog: isn't it, my old, old friend? My
dialog: father spent all his time at study.
dialog: At books and learning and
dialog: philosophy...
text: As Commodus speaks he moves to the chair behind the desk,
text: tries it, doesn't like it, nods to a slave. The chair is
text: whisked away.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
text: He spent his twilight hours reading
text: scrolls from the Senate. All the
text: while, the people were forgotten.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: The Senate is the people.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I doubt many of the people eat so
dialog: well as you do, Senator Gracchus...
text: As Commodus speaks he moves to the bust of Marcus, studies
text: it, doesn't like it, nods to a slave and the bust is
text: whisked away. Lucilla watches this closely.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I doubt many of the people have such
text: splendid armor, Captain Marcellus.
dialog: Or such fine mistresses, Senator
dialog: Gaius. No... only their true father
dialog: knows what the people need. I shall
dialog: show them they are loved. I shall
dialog: hold them to my bosom and embrace
dialog: them tightly --
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Have you ever embraced someone dying
dialog: of plague, sire?
text: Commodus stops. Looks at him. A lethal moment.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: No. But if you interrupt me one
dialog: more time I assure you that you
dialog: shall. I will emulate the immortal
dialog: Caesars of the past. I will give
dialog: the people what they truly want.
dialog: Starting this day I will draw all of
dialog: Rome to the Colosseum. I will give
dialog: them bread. And they will want
dialog: nothing more.
text: Startled looks between Gracchus, Gaius and Marcellus.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: You want to hold games?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Not just any games, Senator! A
dialog: series of games that will make the
dialog: Gods envious and leave my children
dialog: happy! I will subsidize the arena
dialog: from this day forth -- and I will
dialog: culminate this celebration in a
dialog: great spectacle the likes of which
dialog: the world has never seen! A great
dialog: spectacle to honor my father!
text: Magnificent, unending weeks of
dialog: festivity all in the name of Marcus
dialog: Aurelius!
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: If I may, Caesar... how are you
dialog: going to pay for this?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: That is not your concern.
text: Gracchus ignores a warning look from Gaius.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Respectfully, sire, taxation and
dialog: import duties are the exclusive
dialog: province of the Senate --
text: Commodus spins on him so quickly and with such feral
dialog: violence that everyone is shocked --
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
text: MY FATHER DESERVES TO BE HONORED AND
text: I WILL HONOR HIM! -- AND THE PEOPLE
text: WILL LOVE ME! -- AND THE SENATE WILL
text: OBEY ME OR EVERY ONE OF YOU WILL
text: BURN! BURN! BURN! -- I WILL HAVE
speaker_heading: ORDER!
text: He snarls like a great jungle cat and he stalks away.
text: Senator Falco quickly follows.
text: A dreadful silence.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Gentlemen, in the future do not
dialog: concern my brother with these
dialog: matters. Come to me.
text: She sweeps out.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MARCELLUS
dialog: Games? He wants to hold games?
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: It's madness.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: No... it's not...
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: He knows who Rome is. Rome is the
dialog: mob. He will conjure magic for them
dialog: and they will be distracted. And he
dialog: will takes their lives. And he will
dialog: take their freedom. And still they
text: will roar. The beating heart of
dialog: Rome isn't the marble of the Senate.
text: It's the sand of the Colosseum. He
dialog: will give them death. And they will
dialog: love him for it.
scene_heading: INT. PROVINCIAL ARENA - DUGOUT - TUNNELS - DAY
text: Maximus is marching relentlessly through the dugout and
text: cramped, serpentine trench-like tunnels that lead to the
dialog: arena.
text: We don't really see Maximus well in the dark tunnels.
text: Proximo scurries to keep up with him -- they brush past
text: gladiators who line the walls. Some are wounded, some are
text: being attended to by surgeons, some are shell-shocked,
text: some are nervously waiting to go on, whispering prayers.
text: We twist and turn in the tunnels with Proximo and Maximus
dialog: as:
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I've wagered on you against the
text: Celts -- ignore the others and go
dialog: for them -- there are two axe-and-
text: net and two long spear. Now the
dialog: Celts aren't used to the sun so you
dialog: have the advantage there...
text: The roar of the crowd is growing, they are nearing the
dialog: arena...
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: And keep them moving, their lungs
dialog: aren't strong, ground the spears as
dialog: soon as you can and then go for the
dialog: ax-men. If you get all four there's
dialog: an extra bonus so don't be
text: distracted by the Spartans...
text: Without a word to Proximo, or a moment's hesitation,
text: Maximus strides into the arena.
scene_heading: EXT. PROVINCIAL ARENA - DAY
text: We continue with Maximus as he strides into the roaring
dialog: arena.
text: We finally see him in the blazing sunlight -- he wears
text: traditional gladiator armor and now has longer hair and a
dialog: beard --
text: A battle is already in progress, fighting and dead and
text: dying gladiators crowd the arena --
text: We stay with Maximus as he wades through his opponents,
text: fighting them heroically, slashing through them without
dialog: stopping --
text: The large crowd cheers mightily -- chants of "Spaniard!
dialog: Spaniard! Spaniard!"
text: We stay with Maximus as he cuts through the four Celts
text: like a scythe through wheat and then we dramatically pull
dialog: up and away --
text: Taking in the roaring arena and the hero.
scene_heading: EXT. PROXIMO'S SCHOOL - COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: A large mess area has been set up. The tables around the
text: compound are crowded with gladiators. Guards everywhere.
text: Maximus and Juba enter. Move to get food. All
text: conversation gradually drains away as the other gladiators
text: watch them. Silence.
text: Maximus and Juba note the strange silence as they move to
text: a large table.
text: Vibius is at the table with a number of other gladiators.
text: There are no places for Maximus and Juba.
text: Vibius stands and kicks two other gladiators off their
dialog: bench.
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
text: MOVE ASIDE! THIS IS A TABLE FOR
speaker_heading: MEN!
text: Maximus and Juba sit.
text: Vibius remains standing. He begins to pound on the table
text: with his fist. Soon all the gladiators are pounding on
text: their tables. It is a cacophonous din honoring Maximus.
scene_heading: INT. PROXIMO'S SCHOOL - PROXIMO'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Proximo sits on a terrace overlooking his compound,
text: sipping wine. Various gladiators can be seen working out
dialog: below.
text: A guard brings Maximus. Proximo nods for the guard to
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (holding up a plate)
dialog: Butterfly?
text: The plate is filled with honeyed butterflies, their wings
text: still moving slightly.
text: Maximus shakes his head. Proximo pops one into his mouth.
text: He chews as he looks at Maximus.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Perhaps you'd like a woman?
text: Maximus shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Boy?
text: Maximus shakes his head.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Gold?
text: Maximus shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Well, I have nothing left to offer
dialog: you! A man who turns down a
text: butterfly, a woman, a boy and gold
dialog: confuses me. Personally, I'd grab
text: them all and then grab some more
dialog: because the Gods are fanciful and
dialog: take us at their whim. Does the
dialog: Spaniard have any needs?
text: Maximus shakes his head.
text: A beat. Proximo studies him.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: You fight like a soldier. You have
text: wounds like a soldier who has been
dialog: on long campaigns. You eye the
dialog: world around you like an enemy.
dialog: What is your name, Roman soldier?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Gladiator.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: And nothing more?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Nothing more.
text: A beat.
text: Proximo watches Maximus very closely for the following:
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: In two days we leave for Rome.
text: Maximus' eyes suddenly flash to Proximo. He is
text: transfixed, his eyes burning.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Ah... so it's Rome you want. Well
dialog: you shall have her, Gladiator. The
dialog: new Emperor has ordered a series of
text: matches to culminate in a grand
dialog: spectacle. If you do well I shall
dialog: become very, very rich. If you do
dialog: well enough I shall set you free.
dialog: Is it freedom you want?
text: A beat.
text: Maximus shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Not even that.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (barely controlled)
dialog: The Emperor -- will he be there?
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Oh yes. He's apparently quite mad
dialog: about the games. Spending a
dialog: fortune, which is, needless to say,
dialog: good for me again. But what is good
dialog: for you, Gladiator?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Have you -- how does one meet the
dialog: Emperor?
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: As a gladiator?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: One doesn't.
text: A beat. Proximo sees that Maximus' mind is racing.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Except... If one has proven oneself
text: in battle. If at the end of the
dialog: games you are the final man standing
dialog: -- the Emperor will present you with
text: a small wooden sword. The sword is
dialog: your freedom.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: He give it personally?
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: He did to me...
dialog: (Maximus is surprised
dialog: at this)
dialog: Our great father Marcus Aurelius
dialog: looked into my eyes and touched me
text: on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You knew Marcus?
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: I didn't know him. He touched me on
dialog: the shoulder. Just once. But that
dialog: was enough.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: All right, Gladiator. We shall go
dialog: to Rome together and have bloody
dialog: adventures. The Great Whore will
dialog: suckle us until we are fat and happy
dialog: and can't suck another drop. That
dialog: is Rome.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. SLAVE WAGON - OUTSIDE ROME - EVENING
text: Maximus is crouched in the back of an enclosed slave wagon
text: with Vibius, Juba and a few other gladiators.
text: In the distance, Rome.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - COMMODUS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Commodus sits on his bed, rubbing his aching head.
text: Lucilla is preparing a drink for him, a medicinal tonic.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: All my desires are splitting my head
dialog: to pieces -- there's so much I want
dialog: to do -- but all my efforts to show
dialog: my children they are loved go
text: unappreciated by those dragons in
dialog: the Senate --
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: (mixing tonic)
dialog: Quiet, brother...
text: Unseen by him, she adds a little special powder to the
text: drink from a vial secreted in her robe.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Leave the Senate to me. Don't
dialog: trouble yourself.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: All I want is to be a good father to
dialog: my people. Why don't they
dialog: understand that?
text: She goes to him.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Shhh. The tonic will help...
text: She takes a sip and then hands it to him.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Yes, just drink this down.
text: She sits on the edge of the bed. He drinks as:
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I must take a firmer hand with them.
dialog: They must know their father can be
dialog: firm. As our father was firm with
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Our father lost his way. His
dialog: mistake was believing the old songs
dialog: of the "Republic." We know better.
dialog: So let the Senate talk. They have
dialog: no real power.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Yes... yes... you always know the
dialog: way. You were always so wise in
dialog: these matters...
dialog: (he takes her hand)
dialog: You know if I didn't have my duty to
dialog: Rome I think I should be an artist.
dialog: I should go away and paint pictures
dialog: of the sea and leave all the
dialog: politics to you...
text: A beat. He is sleepy, he lies back on his bed.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Will you stay with me?
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: (smiles gently)
dialog: Still afraid of the dark, brother?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Still. Always.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: My dreams would terrify the world.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: I'll stay with you until you are
dialog: asleep.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (falling asleep)
dialog: And after... just sit with me. Keep
dialog: me safe...
text: He is asleep.
text: She watches him for a moment and then rises.
dialog: She goes.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Lucilla moves down a long corridor in the palace and blows
text: out candles as she goes.
text: She finally arrives at her own chamber and enters...
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - LUCILLA'S CHAMBERS - NIGHT
text: Senators Gracchus and Gaius and Captain Marcellus are
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: He's asleep. Be quick.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: We've taking a sounding, the Senate
dialog: is with us.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: But we are only words. We are air.
dialog: We need steel.
speaker_heading: MARCELLUS
dialog: The City Guard is faithful to the
dialog: Republic. But we don't stand a
dialog: chance against the Praetorians.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Can they be bought?
speaker_heading: MARCELLUS
dialog: They are zealots -- totally
dialog: committed to your brother.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Well, can they at least be rented
dialog: for a day?
speaker_heading: MARCELLUS
dialog: I doubt it. He pays them exorbitant
dialog: salaries and lets them loot and
text: extort as they see fit. The city
dialog: belongs to them.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: And they've started arresting
dialog: scholars now. Anyone who dares
dialog: speak out -- even satirists and
dialog: chroniclers.
speaker_heading: MARCELLUS
dialog: And mathematicians and Christians.
text: All to fill the arena.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: And what pays for it? These games
dialog: are costing a fortune and yet we
dialog: have no new taxes.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: The future. The future pays for
dialog: it...
text: A beat. She looks at them.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: He's started selling the grain
dialog: reserves.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARCELLUS
dialog: That can't be true...
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: He's selling Rome's reserves of
dialog: grain. The people will be starving
dialog: in two years. I hope they are
dialog: enjoying the spectacles because soon
dialog: enough they will be dead because of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MARCELLUS
dialog: Rome must know this.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: And who will tell them?! You,
dialog: Marcellus? You, Senator Gaius?
dialog: Will you make a speech on the Senate
dialog: floor denouncing my brother? And
dialog: then see your family in the
dialog: Colosseum? What town-crier would
dialog: dare?
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: He must die.
text: A beat as her words sink in.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: The Praetorians would only seize
dialog: control themselves.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: No -- cut off the head and the snake
dialog: cannot strike.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Lucilla, Gaius is right. Until the
dialog: City Guard can neutralize the
dialog: Praetorians we can accomplish
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: MARCELLUS
dialog: And I haven't enough men.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: What about the army?
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: No Roman army has entered the
dialog: capital in a hundred years.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: So we do nothing?!
text: A door opens, a voice...
speaker_heading: LUCIUS' VOICE
dialog: Mother...
text: An eight-year-old boy stands in a doorway, sleepy. He is
text: LUCIUS, Lucilla's son.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: I heard voices...
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: (going to him)
dialog: It's all right, darling, you --
text: Lucius suddenly notices Senator Gracchus:
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: (running to Gracchus)
dialog: Senator! What did you bring me?!
text: He leaps onto Gracchus -- Gracchus laughs and pulls
text: something from his robe.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: For you prince Lucius... a sea
dialog: monster!
text: Gracchus gives Lucius a beautifully painted toy of a sea
dialog: serpent.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Off the coast of Achaea they grow
dialog: twenty times this size, with
dialog: snapping teeth to devour any nasty
dialog: Praetorians they come across... now,
dialog: where is Achaea?
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Below Macedonia!
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Show me on the map.
text: Lucius runs to a map and stabs his finger at Achaea. We
text: sense this is an old game between them.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Lucius, you go in now, I'll be in
dialog: shortly.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: (to Gracchus)
dialog: Thank you, Senator Mountain!
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: You're welcome, Prince Anthill!
text: Lucius goes. Lucilla shuts the door after him. A moment.
text: She turns to the others, a deep anguish in her eyes.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: What are you going to do?
text: Gracchus goes to her, holds her.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Peace child... One dark night the
dialog: Gods will light our path. They will
dialog: give us the voice we need. Have
dialog: faith in that. Have faith.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. ROMAN STREETS - SLAVE WAGON - NIGHT
text: Maximus cranes for a sight of the Eternal City through a
text: hole in the wooden slats that cover the slave cart.
text: He can see only glimpses of Rome as they pass. But the
text: images are not what he expected. Alongside the undeniable
dialog: glory of the city, the madness and disease Marcus Aurelius
text: spoke of are readily apparent.
text: Maximus sees flashes of plague victims being tossed on
text: carts heaped with bodies -- he sees getting and spending
text: and commerce everywhere -- he sees fascist Praetorian
text: Guard units trooping past -- he sees the magnificent
text: architecture of the city -- he sees starving children
text: begging from filthy gutters -- he sees rich citizens out
text: for a stroll -- he sees a swirling combination of
dialog: sophistication and depravity, of civilization and
dialog: corruption.
text: He sits back in the cart, deep in thought. Vibius looks
text: at him.
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: Not what you expected?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: Rome is nothing but a slaughter
dialog: house. And we are the meat.
scene_heading: EXT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: The slave wagon pulls up to Proximo's rather grand Roman
text: compound. Guards unlock imposing gates and the wagon
dialog: drives in...
scene_heading: EXT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Inside the gates is a large courtyard, much like Proximo's
text: Moroccan school but much more impressive. A fountain with
text: an enormous statue of the war god Mars is central in the
dialog: courtyard.
text: The gladiators climb from the wagon, stretching after the
text: long journey. Vibius leads Maximus and Juba to the
text: statue. He wades through the fountain and kisses the toe
dialog: of Mars.
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
text: Tradition. He watches over us.
text: Juba steps up and kisses the toe.
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: (to Maximus)
dialog: Oh go on, it won't kill you.
text: Maximus kisses the toe as well.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (calling to them)
dialog: Stop that! You'll get some
dialog: monstrous disease and then you'll be
dialog: worth nothing to me!
text: Guards come and lead them to their cells, which line one
text: side of the courtyard.
scene_heading: INT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - CELL - NIGHT
text: Later. Maximus and Juba again share a cell. It is more
dialog: comfortable than their cell in Morocco, befitting Maximus'
text: new status as one of the "stars." A high, barred window
text: on one wall opens to the city. Another barred window is
text: directly over them, twenty feet above.
text: Maximus pulls himself up to the side window, he looks out.
text: And sees at last... The Colosseum.
text: It is a breathtaking sight. Monolithic Albert Speer-like
text: columns of light shine up from the Colosseum. It seems to
text: illuminate the whole city and the heavens above.
text: Maximus drops back to the floor.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: Do you think it will be much
dialog: different? Here in Rome?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Bigger arena. Same killing.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: Are you scared for tomorrow?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: No.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: Me too.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: I never though it would be so easy
dialog: to kill.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: So you're finally home.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: This isn't my home.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: For all Romans... this is home.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Among my people we honor the soil of
dialog: our home. Our ancestors are in that
dialog: soil. All their dreams live there.
dialog: I will never see my home again. The
text: soil is dead and no one honors them,
dialog: so the dreams die.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Perhaps one day you'll return.
text: Juba looks at him.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: How can I go back? I am not what I
dialog: was. When a man kills for no
text: reason, he has lost himself.
text: A long beat.
text: Juba leans his head back and quietly begins to sing. A
text: haunting lament in his native tongue.
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - DAY
text: A flurry of images from around the Colosseum, the energy
text: mounting. At this point we see practically nothing of the
text: inside of the Colosseum:
text: Slaves are balancing high above the empty arena. They are
text: on ropes unrolling huge rolls of muslin; sun tarps that
dialog: provide shade below...
text: Merchants open stalls in the curved arcade around outside
text: of the Colosseum. They sell everything from food to magic
text: elixirs, from toys to aphrodisiacs. They immediately
text: start declaiming and demonstrating the virtues of their
dialog: products...
text: Gangs of whores of both sexes trawl the streets. They
text: have bizarrely-colored hair and elaborate makeup...
text: Citizens begin arriving, pushing past the vendors and the
text: pickpockets. We see whole families with picnic lunches...
text: Ferocious animals are brought into the Colosseum in barred
dialog: cages...
text: In the busy arcade, barbers and blood-letters practice
text: their craft alongside exotic alchemists, fire eaters and
dialog: contortionists...
text: Richer citizens arrive in sedan chairs and chariots, they
text: feign indifference to the hooting mob...
text: Mounted City Guard police units try to retain some
dialog: order...
text: Gamblers crowd betting booths and haggle mercilessly...
text: Finally, we see Maximus and the other gladiators in a
text: slave cart. Maximus watches everything as the slave cart
text: disappears into the Colosseum...
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - ROUTE TO HOLDING CELLS - DAY
text: The interior of the Colosseum is a busy world unto itself.
text: Maximus and the others are lead by Proximo's guards down a
text: long ramp and past countless animal cages. Gamblers
text: circulate everywhere and observe the warriors, angling for
dialog: the best odds and the best matches.
text: Maximus and the others are led even deeper into the bowels
text: of the Colosseum to a new whole subterranean realm.
text: Numerous cells line the walls. Racks and racks of
text: weaponry and armor.
text: And, most striking, everywhere around them is the heavy
text: machinery of the spectacles above. Huge "elevator"
text: platforms and ramps and pulleys and counterweights are
text: manned by teams of sweating slaves.
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - HOLDING CELLS - DAY
text: Finally, Proximo's guards lead the gladiators to their
text: holding cells. These cells are right at the edge of the
text: arena. Barred windows offer a sand-level view of the
dialog: action.
text: Maximus immediately goes to a window and looks out.
text: He cannot see much of the entire arena, but what he does
text: see transfixes him.
text: A band of Christians are huddled together. An eerie
text: silence from the Colosseum but for the prayers of the
dialog: Christians.
text: Maximus watches them. One little girl peels past her
text: mother's arm. She sees Maximus. She smiles.
text: Suddenly a dozen ferocious lions race up a ramp by Maximus
text: -- they roar into the arena --
text: We do not see the carnage. We watch Maximus' face as we
text: hear the sounds of the slaughter.
text: And the sound of the roaring crowd.
text: Maximus finally cannot watch. He drops his head.
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - TRAINER'S LAIR - DAY
text: Proximo is with a dozen other gladiator trainers and the
text: Colosseum's orator and majordomo, CASSIUS. They are
text: haggling in an secluded area not far from the arena
text: itself. Huge chalkboards chart the day's matches and
dialog: wagers and odds.
text: Colosseum touts continually erase and mark new figures on
text: the chalkboards to keep up with the swiftly changing
dialog: bouts.
text: The roar of the lions and the unnerving screams of the
text: Christians can clearly be heard.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: ... and the Emperor will have no
dialog: more animal battles today --
text: Upset roars from some of the trainers.
speaker_heading: TRAINER #1
dialog: You promised me a bear match,
dialog: Cassius!
speaker_heading: TRAINER #2
dialog: I have ten damned gorillas! You
dialog: said gorillas yesterday!
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
text: Talk to the man in the imperial box.
dialog: Who has the next slot...?
dialog: (he checks the
dialog: boards)
dialog: -- Lentulus, Gideon, Trebonius and
dialog: Proximo --
dialog: (to Proximo)
dialog: -- Nice to have you back, you
dialog: piratical bastard -- now listen, the
dialog: Emperor wants the Carthage
dialog: spectacle.
text: The four trainers explode in a flurry of resistance --
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: No -- have pity, Cassius -- !
speaker_heading: TRAINER #3
dialog: My men are too good for -- !
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: You give us the Carthage match or
dialog: lose your spot on the rotation --
dialog: but don't worry -- gold is flowing
text: from the Emperor's fingers.
speaker_heading: TRAINER #3
dialog: It'll cost you --
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: I won't do it for less than 100,000
dialog: sesterces -- !
speaker_heading: TRAINER #4
dialog: 120,000! All I have is my best
dialog: Thracians!
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: (to Proximo)
dialog: And I want to see this famous
dialog: Spaniard of yours -- his reputation
dialog: soars from the provinces. The
dialog: people are eager for him --
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: I won't throw my Spaniard into a
dialog: spectacle! Damn you and damn the
dialog: rotation!
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: You will and the price will be
dialog: 90,000 sesterces each --
dialog: (to all)
dialog: -- which you all know is exorbitant
scene_heading: -- AND IF YOU EXTORTING BLOOD-WHORES
text: TRY TO PAWN OFF LESSER FIGHTERS ON
text: ME I WILL SEE YOU DEAD IN THE ARENA
dialog: TOMORROW!
speaker_heading: TRAINER #4
dialog: My Thracians are worth -- !
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: Give me your best, brothers. They
dialog: die before Caesar.
text: He strides back to the arena. The touts instantly begin
text: making new marks on the boards to represent the mysterious
text: "Carthage Spectacle" as some of the trainers hurry out.
text: Proximo walks with Trainer #4:
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: I give you 30,000 my Spaniard will
dialog: kill at least one of your Thracians.
speaker_heading: TRAINER #4
dialog: 30,000?! On a Spaniard?! That
dialog: provincial sun has curdled your
dialog: brain!
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Then make the wager, you smug
dialog: bastard!
text: They disappear down a dark corridor, negotiating all the
dialog: while.
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - HOLDING CELLS - DAY
text: Maximus, Juba, Vibius and another of Proximo's gladiators
text: are being armed. They all wear mask-like helmets.
text: Proximo hurries to them.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: All right -- there are three other
dialog: teams, four men each --
dialog: (to Maximus)
dialog: You know what a Thracian looks like?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes, but --
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Ignore the others -- go for the
text: Thracians. The sun is to the east
dialog: -- over the gate -- keep your back
dialog: to the gate and you won't have the
dialog: sun.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: What -- ?
text: Trumpets begin sounding from the arena.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Hurry -- !
text: The guards quickly bustle the four toward a gate leading
text: to a dark tunnel to the arena.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Die well and we'll sing songs about
dialog: you for a generation.
text: Short swords are shoved into their hands and the gate
text: rises. They are pushed into the dark tunnel leading to
text: the arena. The gate closes behind them.
text: The four gladiators stand for a moment and then slowly
dialog: walk down the tunnel to...
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - ARENA - DAY
text: At last we see it.
text: The mighty Colosseum Arena.
dialog: Nothing we could have possibly imagined could have
dialog: prepared us for the sight of the thousands and thousands
text: of screaming spectators, the row after row of cheering
text: faces.
text: It is staggering.
text: But for Maximus none of this exists. His full attention
text: is focused on one spot alone. The Imperial Box.
text: He can see Commodus and Lucilla sitting in the box. The
text: box is elevated fifteen feet above the arena floor at the
text: top of a sheer black marble wall. A cohort of fifty
text: imposing Praetorian Guard Archers surround the box.
text: Commodus' personal Body Guard of six Centurions actually
text: stand in the box itself, eyes constantly watching like
dialog: modern Secret Service agents.
text: Commodus is untouchable.
text: Meanwhile, three teams move from different entrances to
dialog: the arena.
text: As Cassius orates to the crowd:
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: This day we reach back to hallowed
dialog: antiquity to bring you... THE FALL
text: OF MIGHTY CARTHAGE...!
dialog: (the crowd cheers)
dialog: ... On the barren armies of the
dialog: barbarian Hannibal! Ferocious
dialog: mercenaries and warriors of all
text: brute nations bent on merciless
dialog: conquest! Your Emperor is pleased
dialog: to give you... THE BARBARIAN HORDE!
text: He gestures to the gladiators in the arena. The crowd
text: laughs, jeering the "barbarians."
text: The drummers begin pounding out a more insistent, heroic
dialog: beat.
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: But on that illustrious day the Gods
dialog: sent against them Rome's greatest
dialog: warriors...! The very life-image of
dialog: nobility and glorious valor... who
dialog: would on this day, and on these same
text: arid Numidian deserts, decide THE
dialog: FATE OF THE EMPIRE... Your Emperor
dialog: is pleased to give you... THE
scene_heading: LEGIONNAIRES OF SCIPIO AFRICANUS!!
text: The crowd EXPLODES in cheers as the huge doors at one end
text: of the arena suddenly burst open and ten chariots thunder
dialog: in --
text: Each chariot has a driver and an archer, both dressed in
dialog: theatrical versions of the familiar Roman Lorica
dialog: Segmentata.
text: A chaos of dust -- and the battle is on --
text: The chariots zoom around the arena -- the archers keeping
text: up a deadly hail of arrows.
text: Maximus immediately dives onto a passing chariot and kills
text: the charioteer and archer -- he dramatically leaps from
text: the front of the chariot to a lead horse and cuts it free.
dialog: And Maximus takes control, we see the General of the Felix
text: Regiment gloriously alive again as he barks out orders and
text: leads his gladiators in battle. They follow him
text: faithfully, his stern commands unquestioned.
dialog: His strategies are quick and smart, he makes the
text: gladiators work together.
dialog: This kind of slaughter could last for hours...
text: We see flashes of the endless battle... Maximus races on
text: his horse past another chariot, kills the driver, the
text: chariot smashes into a wall... the sun sinks lower, the
text: shadows on the sand lengthen... areas of the sand are
text: swamps of blood, Juba slips, pulls himself up fighting...
text: Maximus uses Vibius to create a diversion, two chariots
text: collide... the crowd roars... a gladiator is dragged
text: between a chariot and the side wall of the arena... the
text: drummers pound out their relentless tattoo...
dialog: Finally...
text: Maximus is on his horse across from the final chariot.
text: We can see that Juba and Vibius and a few other gladiators
text: are still alive. The rest of the arena is polluted with
text: the dead and injured.
text: Maximus spurs his horse and gallops toward the final
text: chariot -- the charioteer whips his horses and zooms
dialog: toward Maximus --
text: The crowd is breathless -- watching the final battle --
text: Maximus and the chariot speed toward each other -- like
dialog: Medieval jousters --
text: And collide in a flashing explosion of steel --
text: Maximus sails from his horse -- as the charioteer sails
dialog: from his chariot --
text: Maximus lands hard but quickly pulls himself up, he races
text: to the final charioteer. The charioteer is defeated but
dialog: not dead.
text: Maximus glances around, all his opponents are defeated.
text: He stands over the final charioteer. Then he simply
text: tosses down his sword.
text: The crowd is stunned by this strange act of mercy. But
text: then an enormous roar grows from the crowd -- wave after
text: wave of adulation for the hero of the day.
text: Maximus looks around, taking it all in.
text: Then he turns to the Imperial Box.
text: Maximus slowly walks to before the the Imperial Box. The
text: Praetorian Archers immediately raise their bows, pointing
text: down at him.
text: Maximus glares up at Commodus through his helmet mask.
text: Commodus returns his gaze, curious.
text: The crowd is intrigued, growing quiet. What is going on?
text: Then Maximus simply turns and begins walking away.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Slave! Who are you?
text: The Colosseum is suddenly silent. The Emperor is speaking
text: to a gladiator.
text: Maximus keeps walking.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: SLAVE! WHO ARE YOU?
text: Maximus keeps walking, his fists clenched now.
text: Commodus suddenly grabs a spear from a nearby Praetorian
text: and hurls it with perfect aim -- the crowd gasps -- the
text: spear sails past Maximus -- actually nicking his shoulder
text: -- it slices into the sand ahead of Maximus.
text: Maximus stops.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: SLAVE! WHO ARE YOU?!
text: Maximus can hold it no longer. He spins to Commodus --
text: ripping off his helmet mask -- and THUNDERING:
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
scene_heading: I AM MAXIMUS MERIDAS, GENERAL OF THE
text: FELIX REGIMENT OF THE ROMAN ARMY AND
scene_heading: SERVANT TO THE EMPEROR MARCUS
speaker_heading: AURELIUS!
text: Commodus eyes shoot wide -- Lucilla bolts up -- Gracchus
text: leans forward -- Proximo is stunned -- the crowd is
dialog: mystified --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
text: I AM FATHER TO A MURDERED SON AND
text: HUSBAND TO A MURDERED WIFE AND
text: LANDLORD TO A MURDERED WORLD -- AND
dialog: I WILL HAVE VENGEANCE!
text: The Praetorian Archers tense their bows -- ready to kill
dialog: the defiant slave --
text: But something extraordinary stops them. Almost as one
text: being the crowd roars -- they leaps to their feet and
text: thrust their thumbs up! They cheer and stomp their
dialog: approval of Maximus.
text: Commodus looks around at the people of Rome, amazed.
text: He finally plasters on a benevolent smile and thrusts his
text: thumb up! The Praetorians lower their bows.
text: And the crowd cheers. Never in the long, long history of
dialog: the Colosseum have they ever seen such a thing.
text: Maximus leads his gladiators out of the arena.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - THRONE ROOM - NIGHT
text: To our great surprise, Commodus is not raging. He sits
text: quietly on the polished marble floor in front of a model
text: of the Colosseum. He moves model pieces around in the
text: Colosseum, planning his festival.
text: Lucilla stands, tense.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Why is he still alive?
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: He shouldn't be alive. That vexes
dialog: me. I am terribly vexed...
text: Lucilla watches her brother cautiously, expecting the
text: explosion. He carefully moves some model pieces in the
dialog: arena.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: There, that's better. Do you like
dialog: the platform here?
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Mmm.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I do too. Simple, elegant...
text: Lucilla is growing more and more unnerved at Commodus'
dialog: unusual serenity.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Father would have wanted something
text: more ornate but he's dead now.
text: A beat. Commodus laughs. A beat.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
text: Maximus Meridas haunts me. I see
text: Father turning away from me and
dialog: gazing at him. How many times did I
dialog: suffer that indignity, I wonder?
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I'm going to kill him.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (glances at her)
dialog: Oh, you're too clever, Sister.
dialog: Don't tell me part of you won't weep
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: When he defies my brother the
dialog: Emperor, he defies me. But you
dialog: shouldn't send assassins.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: The people embraced him today. They
dialog: will be expecting his next match...
text: (she kneels next to
dialog: him)
dialog: ... let him die in the arena like
dialog: the slave he is. Let the people see
dialog: what comes of defying Caesar.
text: A beat as he looks at her.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: He wounded you deeply, didn't he?
dialog: Long ago.
text: She does not answer.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Nonetheless, your political acumen
text: is, as always, unerring.
text: He picks up a model tiger and puts it in the arena. He
text: looks at the model tiger and smiles.
scene_heading: INT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - CELL - NIGHT
text: Maximus silently awaits Commodus' assassins with Juba.
text: They hear footsteps outside the cell. Maximus stands,
text: preparing for death.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: (also standing)
dialog: I will fight with you.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: This isn't your battle.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: Better to die for a friend than to
dialog: die for gold.
text: The door swings open and they are surprised to see Proximo
text: sweeping in with a cloaked woman. The woman gives Proximo
text: a bag of money.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Enjoy yourself, Madame...
dialog: (he glances to
dialog: Maximus)
dialog: General, perform well and there will
dialog: be riches for you.
text: He beckons to Juba, they go, shutting the door behind
text: them. The woman pulls off her cloak, it is Lucilla.
text: Maximus glares at her, his muscles tensing.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Rich matrons pay well to be
dialog: pleasured by the bravest champions.
text: Maximus backs up, fighting the urge to strangle her on the
text: spot. He finally bumps into a wall of the cell.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I knew your brother would send
dialog: assassins. I didn't think he would
dialog: send his best.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Maximus, listen to me --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: My family were crucified and burnt
dialog: while they were still alive.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: I knew nothing of that.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (low)
dialog: Don't lie to me.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: I wept for them.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Don't.
text: A long, tense moment.
text: She does not look at him.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Do you know what it is to be the
dialog: daughter of the Emperor? I learned
dialog: on the night my father had my
dialog: husband killed. I loved my husband
dialog: very much. Very... simply. He was
dialog: a man who believed in the Republic.
dialog: He was a man who thought Marcus
dialog: should be tending to Rome and not
dialog: conquering the world. One night my
dialog: father had him strangled for
dialog: conspiring with the Senate. My
dialog: father never spoke of it. I never
dialog: spoke of it. That is what it is to
dialog: be the daughter of Rome.
text: She finally looks up at Maximus.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: My son will live. He will survive
dialog: this cursed bloodline. Rome will
dialog: die and the jackals will pick her
dialog: clean -- but my son will survive.
text: Empires come and go. Cities crumble
dialog: to dust. Only family matters.
text: A beat. Despite himself, Maximus is moved.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: My son was innocent.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: So is mine.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I want your brother dead.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: So do I.
text: A beat. Maximus is surprised at her direct answer.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: My son will never be safe while he
dialog: lives.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: How do you plan it?
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: The Senate is with us, and the City
dialog: Guard. We have growing power in the
dialog: streets. But we need a leader.
dialog: Someone the people can --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: So the crown passes to your son.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: No. So that my son will be safe.
dialog: So that we may leave this charnel
dialog: house forever and never look back.
dialog: Look into my eyes, Maximus, and
dialog: believe what I say to you...
text: She rivets him intensely with her eyes.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: By all the Gods, and in the name of
dialog: my father who loved you, and in the
dialog: name of the husband I loved... I
dialog: swear to stand by your side in this
dialog: now and always.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: What is your son's name?
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Lucius Verus. Like his father.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I weep for him.
text: A long beat. Maximus' cold eyes give away nothing.
text: Lucilla turns and starts to go. She stops, not looking
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Commodus plans to kill you in your
text: next match in the arena. He's
dialog: planning something. I will pray for
dialog: you. As I have always done.
text: She then pulls something from her robes and sets it down,
text: a little bundle wrapped in cloth. She sweeps out. The
text: sound of the door being bolted shut on the other side.
text: Maximus stands for a moment and then goes to what she has
text: left. He opens the cloth. Inside are his six "ancestor"
dialog: figures.
text: He picks up one of the figures. He looks at it deeply,
text: gently feeling along the contours with a finger.
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - ARENA - DAY
text: The Colosseum is again packed. Commodus, Lucilla and her
text: son Lucius are in the Imperial Box.
text: It is late in the day and teams of slaves are cleaning the
text: arena after a bout. They haul off carcasses and toss down
text: fresh sand.
text: Meanwhile, Cassius is orating to the crowd:
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: ... in his majestic charity the
dialog: Emperor has deigned to this day
dialog: favor the people of Rome with an
text: historical final match. Returning
dialog: to the Colosseum today... after five
dialog: years in retirement... Caesar is
dialog: pleased to bring you... THE ONLY
scene_heading: UNDEFEATED CHAMPION IN ROMAN
text: HISTORY...
dialog: (the crowd is going
dialog: mad)
text: ... THE LEGENDARY... TIGER OF GAUL!!
text: The crowd erupts in paroxysms of joy as TIGER explodes
text: into the arena in an ornate chariot. Tiger is a fierce
text: man in his 40's, his brutal, scarred face and hugely
text: muscled body a testament to his many years in the arena.
text: Tiger speeds around the rim of the arena in his chariot,
text: raising an arm in triumph. The crowd roars.
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - HOLDING CELLS - DAY
text: Proximo stands with Maximus, who is busy strapping on
dialog: armor.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Gods! That old Homicide! The
dialog: Emperor must truly hate you.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: What can you tell me?
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: He cheats.
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - ARENA - DAY
text: Tiger waits. He stands in the center of the arena. He
text: has only a traditional short sword. The crowd is
text: breathless with anticipation. As:
speaker_heading: CASSIUS
dialog: (orating)
text: And from the rocky promontories and
dialog: martial bloodlines of Spain...
text: representing the training lyceum of
dialog: Proximo Antoninus... I give you...
scene_heading: THE WARRIOR MAXIMUS!
text: The crowd cheers. Maximus appears from his gate. His
dialog: fans have increased in number considerably. They eagerly
text: crane forward and celebrate him.
text: Meanwhile, Maximus looks at Tiger. Only one man with a
text: sword? Maximus approaches, cautious but confident.
text: He stops a few feet from Tiger. They lock eyes, salute
text: each other and then turn to the Imperial Box, raising
dialog: their swords.
text: The crowd waits eagerly for the immortal words...
scene_heading: MAXIMUS AND TIGER
dialog: We who are about to die salute you.
text: The crowd cheers and Maximus immediately turns and starts
text: slashing -- Tiger easily blocks and strikes back --
text: The sword play is very fast -- they block and parry and
text: hack like lightning -- constantly attacking -- they are
dialog: perfectly matched --
text: As he fights Maximus becomes aware of a strange sound over
text: the roar of the crowd -- a low rumbling -- then he feels
text: something -- a vibration in the ground --
text: Suddenly traps doors swing open and four enormous
text: platforms rise into view. On each platform is a snarling
text: Bengal tiger restrained by a chain. Tiger's teams of
text: "cornermen" hold the chains through a pulley system. The
text: cornermen are safely inside cages. The platforms stop at
text: ground level.
text: The four ferocious tigers now mark the four corners of the
text: battleground.
text: Tiger takes advantage of Maximus' momentary confusion and
text: assaults brutally -- forcing him back toward one of the
dialog: tigers -- the tiger claws for Maximus -- Maximus just
text: evades it claws -- rolls for a new position -- another
text: tiger snaps at him --
text: Tiger attacks -- Maximus is on the defensive -- fighting
text: off Tiger and evading the four snarling beasts --
text: And then all four tigers are suddenly closer. The teams
text: of cornermen are letting the chains play out, bit by bit,
text: gradually reducing the size of the battle ground. The
text: crowd roars.
dialog: But the fight is hardly fair.
text: Whenever Tiger is near one of the tigers the cornermen
text: pull back the tiger slightly -- when Maximus is near a
text: tiger they let it out a bit.
text: Maximus and Tiger fight -- swirling action -- finally,
text: Maximus has the edge -- he circles so that the sun stabs
text: into Tiger's eyes -- then Maximus lunges forward under
text: Tiger's swinging sword and SLAMS into him -- they fall --
text: a tiger swats at Maximus' face -- he jerks his head back
text: -- he shoots out a leg and kicks Tiger's sword toward one
text: of the tigers -- it is out of reach -- Maximus leaps up
text: and stands over the winded Tiger, sword to his throat.
text: Tiger is gasping for breath, crushed.
text: Then one of Tiger's corners suddenly cheats -- they
text: completely release a tiger -- it leaps for Maximus --
text: Maximus barely has time to turn -- the tiger crashes into
text: him -- its claws slashing into his back, cutting through
text: his leather armor -- Maximus shoves an armored forearm
text: into the tiger's jaws and stabs with his sword --
text: Tiger takes this chance to pull himself up -- one of his
text: corners throws him another sword -- the crowd boos --
text: Maximus wrestles with the tiger -- spinning it around with
dialog: superhuman effort so it is always between himself and
dialog: Tiger -- so that Tiger can't get at him --
text: Maximus finally kills the tiger and leaps for Tiger -- he
text: quickly disarms him and tosses him to the ground --
text: Maximus stands over him -- ready to administer the coup de
dialog: grace.
text: All eyes turn to the Emperor.
text: Commodus slowly stands and steps to the edge of the
text: Imperial Box. He raises his arm and gives the fatal
text: thumbs down.
text: Maximus looks up at him.
text: And then defiantly tosses the sword to the ground,
dialog: refusing to kill Tiger.
text: Commodus is stunned.
text: The crowd gasps -- a collective intake of breath -- and
text: then an enormous roar building. It cascades around the
text: Colosseum. It is a roaring celebration of the unexpected
dialog: act of mercy. And the delicious act of defiance of the
dialog: Emperor.
text: Commodus slowly sits.
text: Maximus walks across the arena -- the people stand and
text: cheer for him. Cries of "Maximus the Merciful" can be
dialog: heard.
text: It is the birth of a hero.
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - HOLDING CELLS - DAY
text: Maximus is resting in his cell after the battle, head
text: down, deep in thought.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS' VOICE
dialog: Is it true you're a General...?
text: Maximus looks up, Lucius is standing at his cell. Maximus
text: has no idea who the boy is -- just another young fan --
text: but Maximus is immediately struck by Lucius' resemblance
text: to his own son.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I was a General.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: I saw you fight. The Carthage
dialog: battle too. I've never seen so much
dialog: courage.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: It doesn't take courage to kill.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: My father was killed.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: He still comes to me in my dreams.
dialog: Do you have a father?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I had a father. He wasn't really my
dialog: father but I cared for him very much.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: I hope he comes to you in your
dialog: dreams. My father and I ride horses
dialog: in mine.
text: These simple words strike something deep in Maximus.
text: Lucilla appears from the shadows and puts her hands on
text: Lucius' shoulders.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Lucius, run along now. I need to
dialog: talk to the General.
text: Lucius runs off to his Male ATTENDANT, who leads him away.
text: A long beat as Maximus and Lucilla look at each other.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Where is my army?
text: A drum beat is heard. It increases throughout the
text: following scenes, building momentum like a Roman gallery
text: accelerating to ramming speed.
text: The conspiracy scenes are enclosed in a montage of scenes
text: in and around the arena showing Maximus' growing
dialog: popularity with the People of Rome...
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - ARENA - DAY
text: Maximus is fighting an opponent.
text: The drums continue...
scene_heading: INT. THE SENATE - DAY
text: Lucilla conspires with Senators Gracchus and Gaius and
text: Captain Marcellus in a dark corner of the Senate.
text: Whispers.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: ... Maximus will summon his army
dialog: from Ostia and he will strike from
text: the inside as his army strikes from
text: the outside. But he insists that
dialog: the Senate be present.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: We've been ordered to attend.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: How many are with us?
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: About half. But once the tyrant is
dialog: dead. All.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: I want to meet him.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: I'll arrange it.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: And what of the Emperor?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
text: He has withdrawn. He's not eating.
text: He doesn't go out. He won't even
dialog: see me... I don't know what tempests
dialog: rage within him but...
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: We should fear for the blackest
dialog: storm.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Yes.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GAIUS
dialog: One question... who is to be the
dialog: actual Regicide?
text: A beat. She glances at him.
text: The drums continue...
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - ARENA - DAY
text: Maximus defeats his opponent. He stands over him. He
text: does not kill him.
text: He tosses his sword down and walks away. The crowd goes
text: crazy, roaring their approval of Maximus.
text: Senator Falco, sits in the stands and watches with some
text: alarm. He glances around as the crowd exalts Maximus. He
text: is becoming a hero to the people.
text: The drums continue...
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - HOLDING CELLS - DAY
text: Maximus returns to the holding cells. Vibius and Juba are
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: You didn't kill him.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I will not kill another warrior.
dialog: There is no honor to it.
text: Maximus goes. Vibius thinks about it, listening to the
text: adulation of the crowd.
text: The drums continue...
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. SLAVE WAGON - ROMAN STREETS - DAY
text: Maximus and the other gladiators are in a slave cart on
text: the way from the arena. A gang of children run alongside
text: the cart, cheering and chanting:
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Maximus the Merciful! Maximus the
dialog: Merciful!
text: The drums continue...
scene_heading: INT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - CELL - NIGHT
text: Maximus and Juba are with Lucilla and Gracchus. Lucilla
text: is writing on a piece of parchment.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Tell him we will enter Rome on the
text: first day of Commodus' festival.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: And they will march on Rome for you?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes. But this letter must go to the
dialog: lieutenant named Titus, no one else.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Captain Marcellus will take it. And
dialog: his City Guard will by with you when
dialog: you get to Rome. Is that enough to
dialog: face the Praetorian Guard?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (looks to her)
dialog: The Felix Regiment will never be
dialog: defeated.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: I only have one question for you,
dialog: General... Why?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: You will lead an army of your
dialog: brothers on Rome. Many will die.
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I want Commodus dead.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: That's not the reason. Tell me the
dialog: truth.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Because one night an old man
dialog: whispered to me about a dream. I
dialog: will die for that dream.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: I knew the old man well. And I
dialog: loved him very much. In our youth
dialog: we would spend hours building that
dialog: dream together. After he went to
dialog: the wars and lost his way... I was
dialog: very cruel. I tormented him to
dialog: remember that dream we spoke of.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: He did.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: You can have no idea how much that
dialog: means to me.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Any man who will die for a whispered
dialog: dream deserves my respect. I honor
dialog: you, General.
text: The drums continue...
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - ARENA - DAY
text: Vibius defeats an opponent -- he stands over him. He
text: looks around at the crowd. Then he tosses down his sword
text: and walks off.
text: The crowd goes mad with pleasure. Vibius eats it up,
text: raising his arms and soaking up the applause.
text: Maximus watches from the holding cells. He smiles.
text: The drums continue...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Proximo supervises as a huge banner is unfurled. It
text: covers the side of a tall building.
text: It shows a dramatic painting of Maximus.
text: Proximo supervises happily as torches and braziers are lit
text: to illuminate the mammoth banner.
text: The drums continue...
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - ARENA - DAY
text: The ending of a group fight -- Proximo's gladiators
text: triumphant.
text: The crowd waits for the delicious act of defiance. We
text: note many placard and banners honoring "MAXIMUS THE
dialog: MERCIFUL."
text: Maximus, Vibius, Juba and a few other gladiators toss down
text: their weapons and walk off, leaving their opponents alive.
text: The crowd roars. They have completely embraced Maximus
text: and his fellow gladiators.
text: Gracchus, in the stands, laughs.
text: The drums finally conclude.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - LUCILLA'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Lucilla is with her HANDMAIDEN. They sit before a large
text: mirror, the Handmaiden perfecting Lucilla's makeup for the
dialog: day.
text: One of Commodus' Centurion Body Guards enters, bows.
speaker_heading: CENTURION
dialog: Madame, the Emperor would like to
dialog: see you.
text: Lucilla quickly glances to her Handmaiden in the mirror
text: and then braces herself, stands, and quickly leaves with
dialog: the Centurion.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Lucilla strides quickly, nervously, down the long corridor
text: to Commodus' chambers. She enters...
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - COMMODUS' BEDROOM - DAY
text: Commodus is wrapped in a sheet, gazing out a window.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Caesar...
text: He turns. She stops.
text: He looks as if he has not slept for days. If a word could
text: now sum up his clouded face it is this: tormented.
text: She goes to him, embraces him. He holds her tightly.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I am sorry to have kept you away...
dialog: I needed this time to think...
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Of course...
text: He moves away from her, slowly moving around the room.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I limited my world to these four
dialog: walls so as to let my mind free...
text: again and again my mind settles on
dialog: but one question... What kind of
dialog: world are we making when the people
dialog: of Rome prefer a slave in the arena
dialog: to their father?
text: A beat. Commodus' strange philosophical bent is unnerving
dialog: Lucilla.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: It is my responsibility to make the
dialog: world as it should be. How is it I
dialog: have made this world?
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Brother, do not be influenced by the
text: mob. They are a great, faceless
dialog: beast --
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: They are not "the mob," Lucilla,
dialog: they are the people. They are my
dialog: children and all I want to do is
dialog: love them.
text: A beat. He stands before a bust of Marcus Aurelius. He
text: touches it.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Our father loved Maximus... and I
dialog: love him still... yet he defies me,
text: he tasks me in front of my children.
dialog: And they love him for it. Just as
dialog: Marcus loved him for it. Tell me
dialog: why, Lucilla.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
text: They see themselves in him. They
dialog: throw in their own sad dreams
text: alongside his. They think he fights
dialog: for them.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: And what do I do but fight for
dialog: them?! I give them games to please
dialog: them. I strangle dissent to give
dialog: them peace. I empower the
text: Praetorians to give them order.
dialog: What more can I do?!
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Say I should fight him, in the
dialog: arena. Let my children see who the
dialog: Gods truly favor.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: And what if he should win?
text: A beat.
text: Commodus continues to slowly move around the room.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: A God is more powerful than a man...
text: This odd statement hangs in the air for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Caesar, you let this unduly worry
dialog: you. At best he is a passing fancy
text: -- he is a name, an image on a
dialog: banner, ephemeral -- he will be
dialog: forgotten as the next fancy
dialog: appears --
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: But I need to know -- why do they
dialog: love him?
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Mercy.
text: He stops. Looks at her.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: He will not kill in the arena. He
dialog: is merciful. As they all wish they
dialog: were in their own hearts.
text: Something in her words has struck a chord in him.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: And for that moment in the arena
dialog: they are merciful too. For a
dialog: moment... they are Gods. Offering
dialog: life.
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: But who can be more merciful than
dialog: the Emperor of Rome?
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - ARENA - DAY
text: Maximus is fighting a thick GIANT of a man. A few quick
text: blows and the Giant falls -- like a mighty tree he crashes
text: to the sand.
text: The arena cheers their hero.
text: Maximus stands over the beaten Giant. The crowd waits for
dialog: the famous act.
text: Maximus salutes the Giant and tosses down his sword,
text: refusing to kill. He walks away.
text: The arena explodes in cheers -- a chant of "Maximus the
text: Merciful" grows to deafening proportions.
text: Suddenly the arena is filled with Praetorians -- they
text: block Maximus' exit from the arena -- the crowd boos --
dialog: horrified --
text: The Praetorians surround Maximus. He is unarmed, but
text: coils for the inevitable battle.
text: Then the Praetorians part...
text: And Commodus walks through them. He carries something
text: wrapped in a rich cloth. Maximus glares at him.
text: The Praetorians move back and the crowd watches eagerly.
text: The Emperor and the Gladiator, at last.
text: Maximus and Commodus stare at each other. The crowd
text: cannot hear what is said, but strain to observe this
text: incredible confrontation.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Brother... we've taken a sad path
dialog: since we were children at Capri,
dialog: have we not?
text: Maximus doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: For my own part... I am sorry it
dialog: came to this. And to you alone of
dialog: all men, I acknowledge my errors.
dialog: And my regret. I shall live with my
dialog: sin for all my days.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: As will I, Commodus. As will I.
text: Commodus unwraps the cloth bundle. Inside is a small
text: wooden sword. He holds it up so the crowd can see.
text: A collective gasp. The wooden sword, prized by all
dialog: gladiators above all else. Freedom.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: As the first act of my contrition I
dialog: offer you the wooden sword of
dialog: freedom.
text: He holds out the wooden sword. A beat.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Take it, brother. Stand at my side
dialog: as a free man worthy of your
dialog: ancestors.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I only have ancestors because of
dialog: you, brother. You killed everything
dialog: that ever lived alongside me.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Take it, Maximus. Let us heal that
text: fatal wound together.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: This is the new home you cursed me
dialog: to. And I am safer here from your
dialog: treachery than I could ever be
text: outside.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Will you always mistrust me?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Why don't you ask your father that?
text: Commodus visibly flinches at that, but still holds the
text: wooden sword out. The crowd is breathless.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I have more power as a slave in the
dialog: arena than I could ever have as a
text: free man. As the Colosseum goes,
text: the people go. As the people go,
dialog: the Empire goes.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (tense)
dialog: You think this is power? I could
dialog: show you power, slave --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: No, Caesar... I will show you.
text: With that, Maximus does the unimaginable. He simply turns
text: his back on the Emperor and walks away.
text: And the crowd goes mad. They cheer the defiant gladiator,
dialog: their champion.
text: And, equally, they deride the Emperor. They mock him by
text: holding out food and trash like Commodus is holding out
text: the wooden sword. They laugh and jeer.
text: Commodus glances around at his children, lost.
text: Then he turns to the Imperial Box. He sees Lucilla
text: slipping out the back of the box. He watches her go.
text: And the crowd continues to jeer.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET THEATER - NIGHT
text: The crowd laughs riotously as Roman Actors perform a
text: typically ribald comedy in a secluded street:
text: An outrageously dressed version of Maximus is parading
text: around on an outrageously dressed version of Commodus,
text: riding him like a donkey and slapping his rear with a
text: wooden sword. The "Commodus" actor mews and brays and
text: wails like an infant.
text: Captain Marcellus of the City Guard gallops past them, on
text: his way out of Rome.
scene_heading: EXT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - COURTYARD - DAY
text: Maximus stands with Juba and Vibius. He draws a circle in
text: the sand with a stick. He draws a line to the circle.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: The Felix Regiment will come from
dialog: here. We'll face the body of the
dialog: Praetorians outside -- here. Once
dialog: inside, my archers will take up
dialog: position to counter opposition
dialog: inside the Colosseum. I'll enter
dialog: and join you -- we'll attack here --
text: Maximus draws a line to the Imperial Box.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
text: -- a covert assault from within.
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: We'll be killed.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Probably.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: But if we aren't... think of the
dialog: glory. Do you remember glory,
dialog: Gladiator?
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: And if we die that day -- we die
dialog: free men worthy of our ancestors.
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: You didn't know my ancestors. A
dialog: rotten bunch.
text: Maximus points to the huge statue of Mars.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Then be worthy of him. The old
dialog: Titan who would rather die bravely
text: in a just battle than slink off to
text: grow old and fat.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: And impotent.
text: A beat. Vibius thinks about it.
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: If I die, I want a hundred whores at
dialog: my funeral.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - LUCILLA'S CHAMBERS - EVENING
text: Commodus sweeps in. Thinks Lucilla is standing there.
text: The woman turns, it is Lucilla's Handmaiden.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Where is my sister?
speaker_heading: HANDMAIDEN
dialog: She's out, sir...
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: HANDMAIDEN
dialog: I... don't know, Caesar.
text: Commodus looks at her for a moment.
text: And then he slowly walks right to her. His face an inch
text: away from hers.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Where is my sister?
scene_heading: INT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - PROXIMO'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Proximo sits, considering Maximus.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Was it Centurion...? General...?
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Captain.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
text: A soldier knows a soldier.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: All that was a long time ago. Too
dialog: much wine and too many women. And
dialog: too much money.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: This is who I am...
text: (he pats his ample
dialog: belly)
dialog: You see? There was a time I would
dialog: stand against ten men and never give
text: an inch, spitting into the jaws of
dialog: Hades all the while. There was a
dialog: time my heart swelled to strap on
dialog: the armor of Rome. But now...
text: Something flashes across Proximo's eyes, something like
dialog: tragedy.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Now I am just an entertainer.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You said something to me once. You
dialog: said in this life, we all die. All
dialog: we can choose is how we die. And
dialog: how we are remembered. Do you
dialog: recall those words?
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Then be remembered proudly. This is
dialog: your time, Proximo. Stand at my
dialog: side and be what you were. What you
dialog: truly are. One last time.
text: A beat.
text: Proximo suddenly begins to weep rather histrionically --
text: Maximus is a bit taken aback -- Proximo dramatically
text: flicks tears from his eyes -- and then can't keep the show
text: up -- he bursts into laughter.
text: Maximus stares at him.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You might have spared yourself the
dialog: speech, General. The lady Lucilla
dialog: bought all my gladiators two hours
dialog: ago!
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You pox-ridden bastard -- !
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: I am the richest trainer in the
dialog: Empire! And I will let my
dialog: gladiators do anything you like!
dialog: Conspire away, General!
text: Maximus can only laugh as well.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: But I tell you -- if you survive
dialog: this madness I want you to go into
dialog: business with me. I'll give you a
dialog: quarter of my holdings.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (standing)
dialog: A quarter?!
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
text: A third. And not a hair more. And
dialog: you'll have to start in the
dialog: provinces! Cleaning up the lion
dialog: shit!
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You know, if you were half so awful
dialog: as you pretend, you'd be a
text: terrifying man.
text: Maximus shakes his head, smiling, and goes.
text: Proximo sits for a moment.
text: Then he rises and goes to a heavy chest. He looks at the
text: chest for a moment and then opens it.
text: Inside is his old Lorica Segmentata. He gazes at his
text: armor, considering what he once was. And what he now is.
scene_heading: INT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - CELL - NIGHT
text: Maximus enters. Lucilla is waiting, extremely tense.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Lucilla --
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Don't even say it. I know it's
dialog: dangerous -- but I had to see you.
dialog: Captain Marcellus has gone to the
dialog: army with your message as you
dialog: instructed.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: He says the City Guard will be ready
text: at the south road at noon. They can
dialog: only wait for an hour so --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You've told me this already.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Did I? All right then. So
dialog: everything is prepared. The Senate
dialog: will be in attendance and you have
dialog: your gladiators -- the usual cohort
dialog: of Praetorians will be inside the
dialog: arena --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Lucilla... why are you here?
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Tell me honestly... please... do you
dialog: think it will work?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Do you think we'll all die?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes.
text: She leans against a wall.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Will you swear something to me?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Will you swear it on the memory of
dialog: your son?
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: By all that you have ever loved...
dialog: swear that if you survive you will
dialog: take my son out of Rome. Swear that
dialog: you will go far away and never
dialog: return.
text: He steps to her.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (deeply)
dialog: I will.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: And if I should not survive... swear
dialog: to me that you will honor my family
dialog: in your prayers always.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: I will.
text: A long, difficult beat. She fights back tears.
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Had I not been the daughter of
dialog: Rome...
text: He puts a gentle finger to her lips.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Shhh... my heart breaks enough.
text: He holds her closely, tenderly.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - LUCILLA'S CHAMBERS - NIGHT
text: Lucilla enters, deep in thought, still drained from her
dialog: meeting with Maximus.
text: She suddenly stops. Frozen.
text: Commodus is sitting across the chamber, Lucius at his
text: knee. An open scroll on Commodus' lap.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Sister... join us. I've been
dialog: reading to dear Lucius.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: I've been reading too.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Yes, he's a very smart little boy.
dialog: He'll make a grand Emperor one day.
text: Lucilla has not moved.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Join us, sister.
text: Lucilla goes to them, sits.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: We've been reading about the great
text: Julius and his adventures in Egypt.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: She killed herself with a snake!
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (to Lucius)
dialog: And just wait until you hear what
dialog: happened to some of our other
dialog: ancestors! If you're very good,
dialog: tomorrow night I'll tell you the
dialog: story of Emperor Claudius. He was
dialog: betrayed! By those closest to
dialog: him...
text: (he glances up to
dialog: Lucilla)
dialog: ... by his own blood... they
text: whispered in dark corners and went
text: out late at night and conspired and
dialog: conspired...
text: Lucilla looks as if she is going to be ill.
text: Lucius is busy scanning the scroll. Commodus gently
text: strokes his hair, his cold eyes never leaving Lucilla's.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: But the Emperor Claudius knew that
dialog: they were up to something dire. He
dialog: knew they were busy little bees.
dialog: And one night he sat down with one
text: of them and he looked at her and he
dialog: said: "Tell me what you have been
dialog: doing, busy little bee, or I shall
dialog: strike down those dearest to you.
dialog: You shall watch as I bathe in their
dialog: blood." And the bee knew he spoke
dialog: the truth, for the Emperor always
dialog: speaks the truth. And what do you
dialog: think happened then, Lucius?
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
text: (still pouring over
dialog: the scrolls)
dialog: I don't know, Uncle.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (glaring at Lucilla)
dialog: The bee told him everything.
text: Lucilla's face is tortured.
scene_heading: INT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - PROXIMO'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Proximo is asleep -- a sound outside wakes him -- the
text: steady clip-clop of horses on stone. A lot of horses.
text: He rises and goes to a window overlooking the street
text: outside.
text: A stern Praetorian Guard cavalry unit is cantering into
text: position at his gates. Proximo grabs his clothes --
scene_heading: EXT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: With cool military precision the Praetorians take up
text: position at the gates before Proximo's compound, an
text: unassailable line. They quickly prepare their bows.
text: Meanwhile, another Praetorian unit has taken up position
text: at the other end of Proximo's compound -- sealing that
dialog: entrance as well.
scene_heading: EXT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Proximo is hurrying across his open courtyard when the
text: first flaming arrow arches into the compound -- it is
dialog: followed by hundreds more --
text: The Praetorians on either end of his compound keep up a
text: ceaseless hail of flaming arrows -- everything begins to
text: burn -- the caged gladiators are stirring now --
dialog: shouting --
text: Proximo races to his panicked guards --
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Release them! Release them all!
dialog: ARM THEM!
text: The guards sprint to the cells -- unlocking the gladiators
dialog: as quickly as they can --
text: Not quick enough for many -- Praetorians are now pouring
text: pitch through the gutter that runs along the bottom of the
text: cells -- igniting it and incinerating all those trapped
dialog: inside --
text: The compound is soon a raging inferno --
dialog: Proximo releases Maximus and Juba --
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Come --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: If you want to live -- follow me --
speaker_heading: VIBIUS
dialog: (calling to them)
dialog: Go, Spaniard! We'll show these
dialog: Roman dogs how gladiators fight!
text: Proximo hauls Maximus and Juba off as Vibius and the other
dialog: gladiators arm themselves --
scene_heading: INT. TUNNELS - NIGHT
text: Proximo is leading Maximus and Juba quickly through a
text: decaying cramped tunnel.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: All the old gladiator schools have
dialog: tunnels to the Colosseum -- most
dialog: have long since collapsed --
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: How did they know?
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: We were betrayed.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: (stops)
dialog: I'll stay here. In case they
dialog: follow.
text: Maximus stops as well.
speaker_heading: JUBA
dialog: Go! Bring us the army!
text: Maximus nods.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Quickly --
text: He leads Maximus down the disintegrating catacomb of
dialog: tunnels --
scene_heading: EXT. PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - NIGHT
dialog: Vibius hoped to die fighting -- he never got the chance.
text: It is not a battle, it is a slaughter.
text: The Praetorians ruthlessly shoot anyone even approaching
text: the gates -- all the walls are covered -- most of the
text: gladiators die in the hellish inferno -- the relentless
text: rain of flaming arrows continues --
text: Vibius coughs in the thick smoke and rages for someone to
text: fight -- Praetorian snipers cut him down -- he dies
text: reaching for the statue of Mars.
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - SUBTERRANEAN - NIGHT
text: Proximo and Maximus emerge deep in the bowels of the
dialog: Colosseum.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: (points)
dialog: Down that corridor is the butchery
dialog: -- the blood sloughs lead to the
dialog: Tiber. Gods watch over you.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You're not coming?
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: They are killing my men!
text: He races back into the tunnel.
text: Maximus moves quickly down the corridor. He can finally
dialog: see...
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - BUTCHERY - NIGHT
text: Grisly carcasses of every description hang from hooks.
text: Two bored butchers hack them up. The good bits are tossed
text: into a wagon to fed to the Colosseum animals. The waste
text: and offal are shoveled into a large sewer opening. A
text: butcher occasionally lifts a sluice-gate and a gush of
text: water flows into the sewer from above, washing down the
text: blood and carcasses.
text: Maximus crouches and creeps through the nightmare of
text: hanging carcasses and flies.
text: When the butchers are looking elsewhere, Maximus creeps to
text: the sewer opening and climbs in -- he immediately slides
text: down for a few yards in the slanting, slippery blood
dialog: sluice -- out of sight --
text: Then he thuds to a stop. He can go no further because the
text: remains of an animal carcass blocks his way. He tries to
text: slither past the carcass --
text: Finally, one of the butchers above lifts the sluice-gate
text: and a torrent of water flows down.
text: Maximus is washed down the hideous sewer.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNELS - NIGHT
text: Proximo and Juba are quickly marching back down the tunnel
text: toward the compound -- they are very close now -- the roar
text: of flame is heard -- the creak of falling timber -- and
text: the screams of burning men. They run.
text: They round a corner and see there is no way past the world
text: of flame ahead of them. The tunnel to the compound has
dialog: collapsed.
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: Gods... they're killing them all.
text: Proximo leads them up a cramped stairway to...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE PROXIMO'S COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: They emerge through a sewer entrance -- right into the
text: arms of the Praetorian Guard. Proximo and Juba are bound.
text: Proximo sees his compound burning. Sees the Praetorian
text: archers taking out any last survivors. Hears the screams.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS - ARREST MONTAGE - NIGHT
text: A quick sequence of brutal arrests as Praetorian Guard
text: units round up many associated with the plot. And many
dialog: that are not.
text: GAIUS' BEDROOM: Gaius and his wife are yanked awake and
text: hauled out.
text: CHRISTIAN HOME: A congregation of Christians is chained
text: together, their secret altar smashed.
text: CAFE: Greek Scholars are hauled away from their scrolls.
text: STREET THEATER: Actors are dragged off in the midst of a
dialog: performance.
text: GRACCHUS' STEAM ROOM: Gracchus is enjoying grapes with
text: his handsome catamite. A unit of Praetorian bursts in.
text: Gracchus looks at them. Sighs.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - THRONE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Commodus stands with Lucius on a balcony overlooking the
dialog: city.
text: The roaring flames of the fire at Proximo's compound can
dialog: easily be seen.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: What is that fire?
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Why that's a bonfire, Lucius. I
dialog: arranged it just for you.
text: He puts his hand on the boy's shoulder.
text: Behind them, Lucilla sits slumped in a chair. Her face is
text: a mask of anguish at what she has been forced to do.
text: Two Praetorians enter with a bucket.
speaker_heading: PRAETORIAN
dialog: Caesar...
text: Commodus goes to them. He talks quietly with them for a
text: moment and glances at what they are carrying.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: Oh... that's for my sister.
text: They bring the bucket to Lucilla and set it before her.
text: Commodus ignores her and goes back to Lucius on the
dialog: balcony.
text: Lucilla glances inside the bucket...
text: Captain Marcellus' head is floating in brine. Lucilla
text: moans. All is lost.
scene_heading: EXT. TIBER RIVER - NIGHT
text: Maximus splashes to the surface of the filthy Tiber,
text: gasping for air.
text: Animal carcasses float up next to him. He grabs onto one
text: and floats down the gently flowing river.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN FRONT - CAMP - DAWN
text: The Wolf of Rome sleeps. Then its ears rise. Then its
text: head. It sniffs the air. The wolf slowly rises and
text: begins loping through the camp.
text: It passes slumbering soldiers and tents, smoke lazily
text: drifting up from campfires.
text: The wolf finally stops and looks up.
text: Maximus is on a horse. He climbs down. The wolf goes to
text: him and licks his hand.
text: Maximus begins marching through the camp, the wolf at his
text: side. Soldiers stir, amazed to see their General is
text: alive.
text: Gallus leaps up, stunned, and goes to Maximus. They
text: continue to march through the camp, more and more
text: astonished soldiers joining them.
text: They march toward the large tents at the center of the
text: encampment.
text: Titus emerges from his tent. Slams to a stop --
speaker_heading: TITUS
dialog: By all the Gods...
text: He goes to Maximus and embraces him.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Old friend...
speaker_heading: TITUS
dialog: You're returned from Hades! By all
dialog: the Gods!
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Where is he?
text: Just then Quintus emerges from the largest tent. He
text: stares at Maximus, unbelieving.
text: A long beat as they look at each other.
text: Quintus knows his destiny. With quiet dignity he begins
text: whispering a prayer. Maximus moves to him, embracing him:
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I forgive you.
text: He stabs Quintus with a dagger as he embraces him.
text: Quintus falls.
text: A beat.
text: Titus goes to the dead Quintus and pulls the seal of
text: office from his uniform. He hands it to Maximus.
text: An enormous roar of celebration from the Felix Regiment.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE - COMMODUS' BEDROOM - MORNING
text: A castrati choir sings a gentle hymn of celebration.
text: Their eerie voices and otherworldly harmonies undulate
text: around Commodus' bedroom.
text: The Emperor himself is in a chair, wrapped in a robe. His
text: body slaves work over him closely.
text: He is staring into a mirror, lost in another world as the
text: slaves carefully apply golden eye makeup to him.
text: The castrati hymn continues...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE COLOSSEUM - DAY
text: The hymn is all we hear as we see crowds moving into the
dialog: Colosseum...
dialog: It seems that all of Rome is here for this great day.
text: Huge throngs of citizens move like a massive wave toward
text: the Colosseum entrances. Vendors are doing brisk
text: business. Praetorian units in full dress uniform canter
dialog: past.
text: We elegantly float up along the outer tiers of the
text: Colosseum and then glide over the edge to see the arena
dialog: stands...
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - DAY
text: The hymn is all we hear as we see...
text: The stands are filling. We see the rich and poor alike.
text: We see the orator Cassius. We see Senator Falco and most
text: of the Senate. We see the cohort of fifty Praetorian
text: taking up position around the Imperial Box.
text: A golden platform, with stairs down to the arena sand, now
text: extends about twenty feet from the Imperial Box to a spot
text: over the arena.
text: We float down the stairs and then we see the arena
dialog: itself...
text: It is stunning in its simplicity.
text: The days victims are tied to posts in the center of the
text: arena. Suspended above them is an enormous cloud. A
text: thick, tumescent bladder painted to look like a
text: threatening rain cloud.
text: We see Proximo and Juba. We see Senators Gracchus and
text: Gaius. We see Gaius' wife and Gracchus catamite and
dialog: Christian families and scholars and actors.
text: Seven stylized hills surround them.
text: The hymn comes to its soaring conclusion as we see the
dialog: damned.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Later. By now, the Colosseum is packed. All fifty-five
text: thousand seats are taken. Another ten thousand stand
text: wherever they can. A feral anticipation buzzes through
dialog: the crowd.
text: Outside the Colosseum, the streets are crowded with
dialog: thousands more who couldn't get in.
text: Trumpets blare.
text: Commodus' six Centurion Body Guards stride into the
dialog: Imperial Box.
text: Then Commodus enters. He is shrouded in a full lion's
text: skin, the head of the lion concealing his own. His head
text: is down, he does not look up.
text: Lucilla and Lucius enter after him and sit. Lucilla's
text: face is drained, her eyes defeated. Lucius is wearing a
text: miniature set of Lorica Segmentata, complete with
dialog: ceremonial dagger.
scene_heading: EXT. ROMAN STREET - DAY
text: A mangy dog is slowly crossing a dusty street on the
text: outskirts of Rome. The street is deserted. It seems that
text: almost everyone is at the Colosseum.
text: The dog stops. Looks up.
text: Then a sound is heard. The steady cadence of horses'
text: hooves.
text: The Felix Regiment rounds a corner. Maximus leads the
text: cavalry. He wears Lorica Segmentata. His corps of
text: archers and soldiers follow. They troop down the dusty
dialog: street.
text: Maximus and the cavalry canter past the mystified dog.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS:
text: The Felix Regiment moves through the streets. The few
text: pedestrians quickly disappear into shops and around
text: corners. The roar of the Colosseum can be heard far in
dialog: the distance...
text: Arrows slice into isolated Praetorian sentries. The Felix
text: Regiment continues its stealth invasion...
text: Finally, Maximus reins his horse and his troops stop.
text: The mounted City Guard are waiting.
text: Without a word, the City Guard joins Maximus and the two
text: combined forces continue their inexorable march to the
dialog: Colosseum.
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - DAY
text: Commodus, still swathed in the lion skin, his head down,
text: slowly walks out on the platform that now extends from the
dialog: Imperial Box.
text: The crowd grows hushed.
text: Commodus reaches the end of the platform and waits for a
text: moment. Then he dramatically flings off the lion skin.
text: The crowd gasps.
text: He is almost naked, his entire chiseled body is painted in
text: gold. His eyes are lost in an eerie reverie as he looks
text: around at his people.
text: He finally speaks:
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: (serene)
dialog: Rome... This is the day that was
dialog: foretold. This is the day when your
dialog: father takes away all fear...
text: (he holds up his
dialog: hands)
dialog: With these hands I shall destroy
dialog: your enemies so that you may sleep
dialog: always and forever in peace. From
dialog: this day forth let it be known that
dialog: I, Lucius Aelius Aurelius Commodus,
dialog: have surmounted mortality. That I,
dialog: Lucius Aelius Aurelius Commodus,
dialog: assume my destined place... at the
dialog: side of the Gods.
text: The crowd is stunned. A few scattered laughs.
text: Lucilla stares at him, disbelieving.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: And as a righteous God, I shall ever
dialog: protect you. I shall cradle the
dialog: world on my benevolent hands and
dialog: clasp it to my heart. So I have
dialog: spoken! And let the heavens tremble
dialog: at my might!
scene_heading: EXT. ROMAN STREETS - DAY
text: Maximus continues to lead the combined Felix Regiment and
text: City Guard cavalry through the streets. The roaring is
text: closer now. They are nearing the Colosseum, they can just
text: glimpse the edge of the top tier over some building.
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - DAY
dialog: Commodus continues:
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: This day I reclaim Rome for her
dialog: people. I shall give you the
dialog: rebirth of your Empire! Reborn and
dialog: cleansed of her enemies!
text: He raises his arms. At his cue the Praetorian archers
text: raise their bows, ready, aiming at the victims.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: I will make a new Rome! Founded as
dialog: it was at the beginning! Archers --
dialog: GIVE US BLOOD!
text: The Praetorians suddenly point their bows higher and
dialog: fire --
text: They shoot the cloud -- the bladder EXPLODES and thick
text: blood rains down on the victims -- the blood splashes over
text: them, coating them.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE COLOSSEUM - DAY
text: The roar from the Colosseum is now deafening as Maximus
text: and the City Guard round the final corner -- the Colosseum
text: is before them -- the massive Praetorian Guard force is
text: caught of guard -- with crisp military efficiency the
text: Felix Regiment and the City Guard quickly canter into
text: place, an unbroken line of seasoned warriors facing the
dialog: Praetorians.
text: The huge mob outside the Colosseum is confused, intrigued,
text: watching the face-off. The mounted archers of the Felix
text: Regiment have drawn their bows.
text: Maximus looks down from his horse at a Praetorian Officer.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Throw down your weapons or we will
dialog: kill you.
text: A beat.
text: The Praetorian Officer glances at the formidable force
text: against him. He drops his sword. His men follow suit.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (he turns to his men)
text: FELIX REGIMENT! DO HONOR TO YOUR
dialog: ANCESTORS! I SALUTE YOU!
text: He spurs his horse and the Felix Regiment roars, springing
text: into action -- they gallop through the crowd and to the
text: Colosseum -- meanwhile the City Guard disarm and guard the
dialog: Praetorian --
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - DAY
dialog: Commodus continues:
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: As it was at the beginning so is it
dialog: now. The great She-Wolf of Rome
dialog: will again suckle us, again ravage
dialog: our enemies -- AND BRING US A WORLD
speaker_heading: REBORN!
text: At his cue, two elevator platforms rumble into view,
text: rising from the bowels of the Colosseum to the arena sand.
text: On each platform is a cage full of ferocious wolves, they
text: snap and growl, straining to be released.
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: So it was for Romulus and Remus,
dialog: sons of Mars, so shall it be for us!
dialog: The great She-Wolf will --
text: Suddenly -- the huge wooden doors of the arena burst open
text: and Maximus leads the Felix Regiment cavalry thundering
text: into the arena.
text: The crowd is stunned -- Commodus is stunned -- Lucilla
dialog: bolts up --
text: Commodus immediately spins to Lucilla, his eyes burning --
text: His Praetorian are momentarily confused --
text: At Gallus' command the Felix Regiment archers let fly --
text: multiple arrows and bolts cut through most of the
text: Praetorians -- some confusing skirmishes as the remaining
text: Praetorians fire back --
text: Maximus leaps from his horse and begins cutting the
dialog: prisoners free --
text: Meanwhile, Commodus strides back down the platform toward
text: Lucilla in the Imperial Box, murder in his eyes --
text: She suddenly hugs Lucius quickly and kisses him --
speaker_heading: LUCILLA
dialog: Remember your mother.
text: She pulls the ceremonial dagger from his little uniform
text: and pushes him to his attendant -- his attendant pulls him
dialog: away as --
text: Lucilla spins to Commodus -- he grabs her into an embrace
text: -- he turns the knife on her -- thrusting deeply as he
dialog: kisses her --
text: A long kiss as he holds her tightly to him. Then he
text: gently sits her down on her throne. Her eyes wide, dying.
text: One of Commodus' Body Guards grabs him:
scene_heading: CENTURION BODY GUARD
dialog: Caesar -- we must go -- !
text: Commodus' six Centurion Body Guards begin hustling him out
dialog: of the Imperial Box --
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: GET THE BOY!
text: He grabs Lucius from his attendant and drags him off --
text: They try to escape out the back of the Imperial Box -- but
text: Felix Regiment troops are blocking their way -- racing up
dialog: toward them --
scene_heading: CENTURION BODY GUARD
dialog: THIS WAY, CAESAR!
text: Below, through the confusion, Maximus sees Commodus
text: escaping with Lucius down through a side tunnel.
text: Maximus cuts Juba and Proximo free. Juba immediately
text: snatches up a sword. Maximus quickly offers a sword to
dialog: Proximo.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Captain?
text: Proximo takes the sword.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (re: Commodus and
dialog: the others)
dialog: Where are they going?!
speaker_heading: PROXIMO
dialog: This way!
text: They race across the arena and into a tunnel...
scene_heading: INT. COLOSSEUM - BOWELS - DAY
text: Proximo leads them through a series of catacombs -- damp
text: tunnels shoot off in every direction -- everywhere around
text: them the heavy machinery of the games rise like mammoth
text: creatures to the arena above -- a baroque network of ropes
text: and pulleys and counterweights and elevator platforms and
text: air shafts and blood sewers -- And they suddenly run
text: directly into Commodus, dragging Lucius, and his six
text: Centurions coming the other direction.
text: The final battle begins with no preamble --
text: Maximus launches himself forward -- instantly separating
text: Commodus and Lucius -- he slams at Commodus with his sword
text: -- Commodus slams back --
text: Proximo and Juba race into the six Centurions -- a wild
text: free-for-all as they prove their worth as warriors -- Juba
text: fights with his usual elegant precision -- Proximo fights
text: as a man reborn, alive again --
text: Proximo takes cagey advantage of his knowledge of this
text: subterranean world -- spinning around machinery and
text: leaping over blood sewers and swinging heavy
dialog: counterweights --
text: Maximus and Commodus hack at each other with all the fiery
dialog: passion in them -- Commodus is a perfect match for Maximus
text: and equally ruthless -- their swords thrust and parry and
dialog: slice at amazing speed -- one false move, one mistake,
dialog: means death --
text: Meanwhile, the battle is turning into a victory for Juba
text: and Proximo -- they are defeating the Centurions --
text: Commodus sees this -- and sees Lucius crying in a
dialog: corner --
text: He screams to one of his remaining Centurions:
speaker_heading: COMMODUS
dialog: KILL THE BOY!
text: Maximus whirls to Lucius -- Commodus attacks -- slashing
text: Maximus' shoulders -- Maximus sees Proximo racing to try
text: and save Lucius as he spins back to battle Commodus --
text: A Centurion raises his sword to kill Lucius -- Juba kills
text: his final opponent, turns -- Proximo just manages to push
text: Lucius out of the way -- the Centurion's sword slices into
dialog: him --
text: Juba flings his sword across the room -- the final
dialog: Centurion falls --
text: Maximus sees Proximo collapse to a wall -- dying --
text: Proximo locks eyes with Maximus as he slides down the
text: wall. The old pirate shrugs. And is dead.
text: Juba races to Lucius and holds the boy, turning his face
dialog: away from the slaughter --
text: Maximus, his furious passion redoubled at Proximo's death,
text: attacks Commodus with every ounce of strength in him --
text: Commodus' eyes begin to flash with something we have never
dialog: seen before, fear.
text: Maximus strikes mercilessly -- forcing Commodus steadily
text: back until they are fighting atop one of the elevator
text: platforms to the arena above.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: For my wife!
text: Maximus strike hard -- Commodus barely blocks the blow --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: For my son!
text: He strikes harder -- Commodus is losing --
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: For my father!
text: He strikes with everything he's got -- slashing Commodus
text: -- Commodus sails back -- his sword falling --
text: Maximus stands over him. Glaring. Commodus is panting,
text: defeated, glaring up at him.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: We who are about to die salute you.
text: Maximus raises his sword high -- Commodus raises an arm --
text: Maximus SMASHES the sword down -- and Commodus is dead.
text: A moment as Maximus stands over Commodus. Then he looks
text: at the series of counterweight ropes around the elevator
dialog: platform.
text: He slices through one of the ropes and the platform begins
dialog: to rise...
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - ARENA - DAY
text: A trap door springs open and the elevator platform rises
text: to the sand of the arena. Maximus stands above the dead
dialog: Emperor.
text: The crowd stares in amazement -- and then begins to cheer
text: in joy at the return of their hero. A chant begins...
dialog: "Maximus the Merciful... Maximus the Merciful... Maximus
text: the Merciful..." which then grows to a refrain of
dialog: "Caesar... Caesar... Caesar..."
text: Maximus ignores them, his eyes drawn to one sight:
dialog: Lucilla.
text: He goes to the steps of the platform leading to the
text: Imperial Box. He slowly climbs the steps.
text: In the Imperial Box, Senator Gracchus is standing. So too
dialog: Juba and others.
text: Lucius is kneeling by his mother, holding her hand, his
text: head down. Lucilla is dead. Lucius mourns with quiet
dialog: dignity.
text: Maximus looks at Lucilla and kneels. He takes her other
text: hand. A long moment. He looks at Lucius.
text: Then he slowly bends forward and kisses Lucilla deeply,
text: the ritual farewell.
text: He stands.
text: Senator Gracchus steps to him:
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: General, the purple is yours if you
dialog: so desire. The Senate will support
dialog: you.
text: Maximus looks at him. And then at the people. The chant
dialog: of "Caesar... Caesar... Caesar..." is like a powerful
text: beating heart.
text: Maximus moves to the edge of the Imperial Box to address
text: the people. The crowd grows silent.
text: Maximus looks around at the blood of the arena.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Rome... you are better than this.
dialog: Look inside yourselves. I challenge
dialog: you to find your true voice. Help
dialog: the Senate speak for you. Make them
dialog: your champion... And dare to think
dialog: what could be.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I give you back the dream.
text: With that he slowly turns and walks down the steps to the
text: arena sand. The crowd is absolutely silent.
dialog: He goes to Titus:
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
text: When everything has calmed down,
dialog: lead an orderly withdrawal. Take
dialog: them home.
text: Titus salutes.
text: Maximus return the salute and then leaps onto his horse.
text: As he canters toward the exit he turns for one final look
dialog: at Lucilla.
text: He sees that Lucius is now at the foot of the stairs, on
text: the arena sand, gazing at him.
text: Maximus stops his horse.
text: He canters back to Lucius. The boy looks up at him. A
text: moment between them.
text: Lucius thrusts up his hand. Maximus grabs his hand and
text: swings him onto the horse behind him.
text: A look to Juba. Juba bows his head with respect.
dialog: Farewell.
text: Maximus spins the horse around and begins cantering out of
dialog: the Colosseum.
text: Juba disappears into the crowd.
text: Maximus and Lucius canter across the arena and through the
dialog: huge doors...
scene_heading: EXT. COLOSSEUM - DAY
text: From high above we see Maximus and Lucius riding out of
text: the Colosseum and disappearing into the streets of Rome.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VINEYARD - DAWN
text: Maximus stands with Lucius at his old vineyard.
text: It is still scorched and dead, weeds overgrowing the
text: vineyards, the house ruined.
text: Maximus puts a hand on the boy's shoulder, this boy so
text: like his own son.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: It doesn't look it now... but soon
dialog: we'll have it growing again... Next
dialog: year there will be vines, and then
dialog: there will be grapes... It will be
text: alive.
text: We leave them, dreaming of the future.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
