scene_heading: "GOLDFINGER"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Richard Maibaum & Paul Dehn
dialog: Based on the novel by
dialog: Ian Fleming
dialog: (transcript)
scene_heading: GUN BARREL LOGO
text: An animated white dot moves in from frame-left and centres on
text: frame-right. Iris veins surround the dot to fill the frame.
text: A MAN enters the dot walking from right to left, the iris
text: moving to centre-frame with him. He jumps to face f.g.,
text: pointing a gun and shooting. Red colour falls in f.g. from
text: the top of the frame. The iris wanders then starts to fall to
text: bottom-frame. The iris and man fade out and the dot gets
dialog: smaller.
text: IRIS CUTS OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. RAMIREZ' WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: In a VERY LONG SHOT, TWO GUARDS patrol past enormous oil
text: storage tanks. PULL BACK to reveal an outer rock wall. It
text: obscures the men. CRANE DOWN to reveal a harbour. A seagull
text: swims by in f.g.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE SEAGULL
text: rises out of the water revealing Bond in a black diving suit.
text: The seagull is a decoy atop his head. Bond grips the bottom
text: rung of a ladder.
scene_heading: WIDER SHOT - BOND
text: tears his headgear off and tosses it behind him. It lands in
dialog: the water.
scene_heading: ON THE QUAY
text: Bond, wearing a backpack, walks to the wall and points a Very
text: pistol at its top.
text: He fires the pistol. A rope flies over the top of the wall.
speaker_heading: A GUARD
text: hears a cracking sound and looks back.
scene_heading: A GRAPPLING HOOK
text: at the end of the rope snags the inside of the wall.
speaker_heading: THE GUARD
text: walks forward, feeling for his gun. Suddenly Bond jumps on
text: him from above. TILT DOWN as they fall. Bond rises and, as
text: the guard attempts to rise, Bond kicks him in the face. The
text: guard falls onto his back.
dialog: 2.
text: Bond jumps over his supine body and runs toward the storage
dialog: tanks.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - THE STORAGE TANKS
text: The other guard walks away between two of the tanks. The
text: moment he leaves view, Bond runs to one of them. He stops and
text: kneels at a cover.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BOND
text: feels behind the cover. A door in the side of the tank swings
text: open. Bond rises quickly.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE TANK - SAME TIME
text: Bond enters, closes the door behind him and turns on the
text: lights.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: There are poppy pods in f.g., a desk and numerous boxes.
text: DOLLY BACK and PAN on Bond as he moves to the centre of the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOND
text: looks around.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: DOLLY IN as Bond takes off a plastic tubular belt and walks to
text: three drums in f.g. labeled "NITRO." He holds the belt over
text: the first drum.
text: ANGLE ON THE FIRST DRUM
text: Bond squeezes a white jelly from the belt onto the drum. He
text: moves to the next drum. He squirts more jelly onto it. Then
text: he takes off his backpack, sets it on a drum, opens it and
text: takes out a timer with wires leading to a primer.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE TIMER
text: Bond pivots his wrist to check his watch, which reads 12:07,
text: then sets the timer to 12:20. It ticks loudly. Bond looks
dialog: down.
text: ONE OF THE TANKS
text: He presses the primer into the jelly on the drum.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: PAN on Bond as he runs to the door, turns off the lights,
text: slips outside and closes the door.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE TIMER
text: between two drums ticks away.
scene_heading: EXT. STONE WALL - SAME TIME
text: Bond jumps down different levels from the top of the wall to
dialog: the ground.
text: He pulls off his diving suit to reveal him wearing a white
text: tuxedo and black bow-tie. He takes a red carnation from his
text: back pocket, puts it in his lapel and exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EL SCORPIO CAFE - NIGHT
text: BONITA dances amidst a crowd at tables.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: enters, passes hanging wicker baskets, takes out a cigarette
text: case and removes a cigarette. He looks down.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BONITA
text: shimmies at a customer then looks up, noticing Bond.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BOND
text: lights a cigarette lighter and holds it up to his watch.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOND'S WATCH
text: It reads 12:19.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: lowers his wrist and lights his cigarette.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE TANK - SAME TIME
text: The timer hits 12:20.
scene_heading: EXT. STORAGE TANKS - SAME TIME
text: A huge explosion occurs.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: A fireball extends over the rock wall.
scene_heading: IN THE CANTINA
text: Bond casually lights his cigarette as the explosion continues,
text: glasses crash and the crowd jumps up and screams.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Bond walks down some steps as people run past him toward the
dialog: entrance.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BONITA
text: She kneels without an audience as people run away.
speaker_heading: AT THE BAR
text: DOLLY BACK as Bond approaches the bar past fleeing customers.
text: A man in a gray suit sits at the bar -- SIERRA.
speaker_heading: SIERRA
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SIERRA
dialog: Mister Ramirez and his friends will
dialog: be out of business.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: At least they won't be using
dialog: heroin-flavoured bananas to finance
dialog: revolutions.
text: He looks off.
speaker_heading: BONITA
text: angrily exits into her dressing room.
scene_heading: TWO-SHOT - AT THE BAR
speaker_heading: SIERRA
dialog: Don't go back to your hotel, sefior.
dialog: They'1l be watching you.
text: Bond takes a key from his pocket.
speaker_heading: SIERRA
text: There's a plane leaving for Miami
dialog: in an hour.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - ON BOND
text: He fingers the key.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I'll be on it. But, uh, first I
dialog: have some unfinished business to
dialog: attend to.
dialog: (he looks at the key)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BONITA'S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: She scrubs herself in a tub. She looks up.
text: ANGLE ON THE DOORWAY
text: Bond enters shutting the door behind him. He tosses the key
text: aside, takes a towel from a hook and throws it off to Bonita.
text: We hear water plop. Bond removes his jacket, revealing a
text: shoulder holster and gun. He hangs the jacket on a hook.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: Bonita, naked but holding the towel against herself, goes to
text: Bond. He hugs her and they kiss. Suddenly she backs up.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: oh!
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (touching his gun)
dialog: Forgive me.
text: He walks to a hook on the wall removing his holster.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Why do you always wear that thing?
speaker_heading: BOND
text: (hanging his holster
dialog: on the hook)
dialog: I have a slight inferiority
dialog: complex.
dialog: (he turns to her)
dialog: Where was I? -- Oh, yes.
text: TRACK IN SLIGHTLY as he embraces her.
scene_heading: ANGLE OVER THEM
text: As Bond kisses her, an assailant -- CAPUNGO -- approaches from
text: behind a wardrobe in b.g., brandishing a cosh.
speaker_heading: FAVORING BONITA
text: She opens her eyes and looks at him over Bond's shoulder.
speaker_heading: CAPUNGO
text: approaches raising the cosh.
speaker_heading: FAVORING BOND
text: He leans back from Bonita looking into her eyes.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - BONITA'S LEFT EYE
text: The pupil reflects Capungo approaching with the raised cosh.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Bond suddenly swings Bonita around. Capungo smashes her on
text: the head.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: - As she drops, Bond grabs Capungo's raised arm and brings it
dialog: down.
text: - Bond knees Capungo under the chin. He flies backwards.
text: - Capungo bounces off a settee, grabs a chair and smashes it
text: against Bond's back, throwing him forwards.
text: - Bond falls backwards against the wardrobe. Capungo punches
text: him in the jaw, sending him sideways to the door, then punches
text: him twice in the stomach. Bond groans. Capungo readies
text: another punch. Bond suddenly pulls him forward.
text: - Bond throws Capungo over his back.
text: - Capungo lands on his back on the floor, then swivels to get
dialog: up.
text: - Bond lunges at him.
text: - Capungo, arms braced against a table behind him, tries to
text: kick Bond. Bond grabs his leg and twists it. Capungo lays a
text: hand across Bond's face, pushing him back.
text: - CLOSER: Capungo keeps pushing. Bond grabs his arm.
text: - Bond hurls him backwards.
text: - Capungo falls on his back into the tub, arms flailing.
text: - Bond, almost grinning, looks at him ready to strike again.
text: - Capungo reaches for Bond's gun in the hanging holster.
text: - His hand gropes for it.
text: - Bond looks on in alarm.
text: - Capungo aims the gun at Bond.
text: - Bond slaps a small electric fan toward the tub.
text: - The fan lands in the tub at Capungo's feet, lighting the
text: water red and sending sparks flying.
text: - Capungo's legs, glowing red, fly into the air as he is
text: electrocuted.
text: - Bond looks on as a sizzling sound occurs off-screen.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOND
text: PAN on him as he walks through smoke to the tub, takes his
text: gun, puts it in his holster, takes his holster from the hook
text: and puts it on.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Shocking.
text: He walks to his jacket, reaches for it, then hears a female
text: groan and looks back.
speaker_heading: BONITA
text: is on the floor trying to raise herself.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOND
text: as we see Bonita and Capungo's upturned feet in f.g.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Positively shocking.
text: He puts on his coat and goes out the door, closing it sharply
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MAIN TITLE SEQUENCE
text: Images of Bond's exploits are projected on a voluptuous,
text: bikini-clad lady as superimposed titles appear. Titles end on
dialog: black.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE SKY - DAY
text: A banner flies by that says "WELCOME TO MIAMI BEACH."
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: The banner trails a small plane flying over a strip of Miami
text: Beach hotels. A blimp sails by in b.g.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FONTAINEBLEAU HOTEL - HELICOPTER SHOT - DAY
text: We move in on the hotel then swing behind it and move in on
text: the high dive of a swimming pool. A MAN jumps off the high
text: dive, doing a series of somersaults.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: The man splashes into the water, then a GIRL swims by. PAN
text: OVER to reveal we're looking through a window on the pool
text: along with FELIX LEITER in a business suit. He grins and
text: moves on past a roller-skating rink where a BOY is spinning a
text: GIRL around.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL POOL - DAY
text: A bevy of girls sunbathe there. Felix walks past them looking
text: around and approaches a row of cabanas.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: PAN on Felix as he walks into f.g. then hears voices:
speaker_heading: DINK (0.S.)
dialog: How's this?
speaker_heading: ; BOND (0.S.)
dialog: That's nice. Very nice.
scene_heading: FELIX' POV - A LOUNGE CHAIR
text: Bond lies on his stomach as DINK massages his back.
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: Just here?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No, a little lower, darling.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FELIX
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: I thought I'd find you in good
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks back, breaks into a smile and starts to raise himself.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Felix!
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: laughs.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: DOLLY BACK as Bond approaches Felix, followed by Dink.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Felix, how are you?
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Dink, meet Felix Leiter.
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Felix, say hello to Dink.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Hi, Dink.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Dink, say good-bye to Felix.
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: Hmm?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Uh, man-talk.
text: He pivots her around and slaps her butt. She walks off.
dialog: 10.
text: DOLLY IN as Bond feels his arm then walks into his hut, Felix
dialog: following.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: You must be slipping double-o
dialog: seven, letting the opposition get
dialog: that close to you.
text: Bond takes a blue terry-cloth top from a chair and puts it on.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: They got a lot closer to you in
dialog: Jamaica, didn't they? -- Well,
dialog: what's on your mind? I'm on
dialog: holiday.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: (taking out a letter)
dialog: Not any more, you're not. Signal
dialog: from London.
text: DOLLY IN as Bond takes it from him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I might have known "M" wouldn't
dialog: book me into the best hotel in
text: Miami Beach out of pure gratitude.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: He asked us to keep an eye on him
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (reading the cable)
dialog: Auric Goldfinger. Sounds like a
dialog: French nail varnish.
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: He's British, but he doesn't sound
dialog: like it. Big operator, world-wide
dialog: interests, all apparently quite
dialog: reputable. Owns one of the finest
dialog: stud farms in the States.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (zipping up his top)
dialog: What's the tie-up with Washington?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: He's clean as far as C.I1.A.'s
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: And where do I find him?
dialog: 11.
text: Felix points off. Bond looks that way.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 1. START REEL 2.]
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL BALCONY - DAY - SAME TIME
text: AURIC GOLDFINGER, wearing a yellow top and a hearing aid,
text: walks down some stairs from an upper deck. He looks off
text: grumpily and keeps walking.
speaker_heading: BOND AND FELIX
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: (pointing the other way)
dialog: That's his pigeon waiting for him
dialog: now.
text: Bond looks off.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE POOL
text: SIMMONS sits in a chair at a poolside table shuffling a deck
text: of cards in his hand.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Goldfinger's been taking him to the
dialog: cleaners every day for a week.
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOT - GOLDFINGER
text: walks past sunbathers then sees Simmons and smiles.
text: AT THE TABLE
text: Goldfinger walks up to Simmons.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Good morning, Mister Simmons.
dialog: Ready for our little game?
speaker_heading: SIMMONS'
dialog: Sure I'm ready. When you're ten
dialog: grand in the hole, you're ready for
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (pointing to Simmons'
dialog: chair)
dialog: Could I have my usual seat?
speaker_heading: SIMMONS
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Oh, you and your suntan!
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: BOND AND FELIX
text: As Bond picks up his towel:
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: That Goldfinger's a fabulous card
dialog: player.
text: AT THE TABLE
text: Goldfinger picks up a pencil and starts to write on a notepad.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Same stakes?
speaker_heading: SIMMONS
dialog: Let's double it. Five dollars a
dialog: point.
text: Goldfinger looks up in surprise then takes a hearing-aid
text: amplifier from his pocket and turns up the volume.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Did you say five?
speaker_heading: SIMMONS
dialog: My luck's got to change sometime.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (returning the amplifier
dialog: to his pocket)
dialog: Okay.
text: He writes on the notepad. Simmons sets the deck of cards on
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: BOND AND FELIX
text: Bond now has the towel over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: I'll get back to the office and
dialog: cable "M" you're on the job.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You can fill me in on the rest at
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Fine. I'll call you later.
text: Felix walks off. Bond keeps looking at Goldfinger.
dialog: 13.
text: AT THE TABLE
text: The two men hold cards. Goldfinger takes one from the deck.
text: Bond walks toward the table. He stops for a moment, watching,
text: then walks closer.
text: Goldfinger takes another card.
text: Bond looks from the men to the hotel.
text: Goldfinger suddenly lays his cards down.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Four.
speaker_heading: SIMMONS
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: So soon?
text: Bond keeps looking at the hotel, then back at the table.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: SIMMONS
dialog: Seven, twelve, eighteen, thirty-
dialog: two, forty-four...
text: Goldfinger laughs.
text: Bond keeps looking at the table, then circles behind it
text: looking over Goldfinger's shoulder, then walks off.
text: Goldfinger smiles at Simmons. Simmons shuffles the cards.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAY
text: TRACK after a MAID walking down the hall. Bond rounds a
text: corner up ahead and walks to her.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Miss?
text: He takes a key hanging by a cord from her waist and, pulling
text: her with him, unlocks a door (number 905).
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Hey, what are you...? But that's
dialog: Mister Goldfinger's suite!
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Yes, I know.
dialog: 14.
text: He opens the door, starts to enter then looks back at her.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You're very sweet.
text: He closes the door behind him. The maid walks away.
scene_heading: INT. GOLDFINGER'S SUITE - SAME TIME
text: PAN then DOLLY ALONGSIDE Bond as he walks through a well-
text: appointed reception room to a glass door to a veranda. As he
text: approaches the door we hear a female voice outside -- that of
scene_heading: JILL MASTERSON:
speaker_heading: JILL (0.S.)
dialog: He just drew the king of clubs.
text: That makes his hand fifty-nine.
dialog: He's got a diamond run, eight,
dialog: nine, ten.
text: Bond starts to open the door.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE VERANDA
text: Jill lies face-down on a chaise lounge looking downward
text: through fixed binoculars and talks into a microphone attached
text: to an intercom.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: He's holding onto the six of
dialog: spades...
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Jill lies face-up as Bond looks at her through the open
text: doorway behind her.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (into the microphone)
dialog: ... SO I guess he thinks you want
dialog: it. That last draw was the eight
dialog: of hearts.
text: Bond approaches her.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JILL
text: She lies face-down, still talking, unaware of Bond behind her.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: He needs kings and queens.
text: Bond reaches down and turns off the intercom.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: lying face-down whirls around to face him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Who are you?!
scene_heading: UPWARD ANGLE ON BOND
text: DOLLY IN as he approaches.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Bond. James Bond.
text: He looks down.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE POOL AREA
text: The view from the veranda shows everything.
text: AT THE TABLE
text: Goldfinger tries raising the volume on his amplifier.
text: Simmons looks at his cards.
text: DOLLY IN on Goldfinger touching his earpiece.
text: Simmons looks up irritated.
speaker_heading: SIMMONS
dialog: Come on, come on!
text: Goldfinger randomly throws down a card. Simmons grabs it.
speaker_heading: __ SIMMONS
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Ah! That's more like it!
scene_heading: ON THE VERANDA
text: CRANE DOWN with Bond as he sits beside Jill, who sits face-up.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Jill.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Jill who?
text: Bond looks through the binoculars.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: BOND'S POV
text: He sees Simmons' entire hand. Simmons sets a card down, then
text: Goldfinger's hand reaches in and takes a card from the deck.
speaker_heading: JILL (0.S.)
dialog: Jill Masterson.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (looking at her)
dialog: Tell me, Jill. Why does he do it?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: He likes to win.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (looking through the
dialog: binoculars again)
dialog: Why do you do it?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: He pays me.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (looking back at her)
dialog: Is that all he pays you for?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: And for being seen with him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Just seen?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: Just seen.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I'm so glad.
text: He looks through the binoculars again and sees Simmons setting
dialog: down another card.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You're much too nice to be mixed up
dialog: in anything like this, you know.
text: He reaches down.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE INTERCOM
text: Bond turns it on again.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - BOND AND GOLDFINGER (THROUGH BINOCULARS)
text: Bond snaps his fingers against the microphone.
text: Goldfinger suddenly looks up, quaking from the noise.
text: Bond looks through the binoculars.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: Now hear this, Goldfinger.
text: Goldfinger looks up at his balcony.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Your luck has just changed.
text: Goldfinger keeps looking up.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I doubt very much if the Miami
dialog: Beach police would take kindly to
dialog: what you're doing.
text: He grins at Jill then looks back through the binoculars.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Nod your head if you agree.
text: Goldfinger sits in silent fury.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Nod!
text: Goldfinger nods as subtly as he can.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Good. Now start losing,
dialog: Goldfinger. Shall we say, eh, ten
dialog: thousand dollars?
dialog: (looks at Jill)
dialog: No, let's be generous. Let's make
text: it fifteen thousand.
text: Goldfinger's face reflects even greater anger.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (to Bond)
dialog: May I see?
text: Bond leans back helpfully. Jill sits up and looks through the
text: binoculars. Bond sniffs her hair.
dialog: 18.
text: AT THE TABLE
text: Goldfinger reluctantly throws another card down, his gaze not
text: moving from his balcony. Simmons takes it.
speaker_heading: SIMMONS
dialog: Well, I can see this is really my
dialog: day!
dialog: (lays his cards down)
dialog: Gin!
scene_heading: ON THE VERANDA
text: Jill smiles and leans back. Bond looks through the binoculars
dialog: again.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - GOLDFINGER
text: has a snarling expression on his face. The binoculars tilt
text: down in time to see him snap his pencil in half. He jabs one
text: end of it into the tabletop.
scene_heading: ON THE VERANDA
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (into microphone)
text: Over and out.
text: He looks over and switches off the intercom.
scene_heading: TWO-SHOT - BOND AND JILL
text: She looks up at him smiling.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: That should keep him occupied for
dialog: some time.
text: SLOW DOLLY IN.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'm beginning to like you, Mister
dialog: Bond.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: (laying his arm against
dialog: her face)
dialog: No, call me James.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: More than anyone I've met in a long
dialog: time, James.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, what on earth are we going to
dialog: do about it?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Yes... What?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I'll tell you at dinner.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, I know the best place in
dialog: town.
text: He pulls the couch and her head toward him and kisses her.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOND'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT on the remains of a meal. PAN OVER to the bed.
text: First we just see Bond's and Jill's feet rubbing against each
text: other. Then, PANNING FURTHER, we see them embracing and
text: kissing, Bond shirtless and Jill in panties wearing his shirt.
text: PAN even further -- to the nightstand where a portable radio
text: is playing.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: Station W.E.D.S. brings you the
dialog: latest in world news. Washington.
dialog: At the White House this afternoon,
dialog: the President said he was entirely
dialog: satisfied...
text: Bond's hand reaches over and switches the radio off. PAN over
text: to the bed and DOLLY IN as Bond wraps his arms around Jill
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: That makes two of us.
text: They start to kiss.
scene_heading: INSERT - A TELEPHONE
text: rings.
text: ANGLE ON THE BED
text: Bond rolls over and answers the phone.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: FELIX (over phone)
dialog: Leiter here.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh, Felix.
text: He swings his legs off the bed.
speaker_heading: FELIX (over phone)
dialog: Well, now?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Uh, what's that?
text: Jill rises behind him, puts her chin on his shoulder and rubs
text: a lock of her hair against her ear.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Dinner? Uh, no. Look, I'm sorry,
dialog: I can't. Something big's come up.
speaker_heading: FELIX (over phone)
dialog: Right.
text: Bond scratches his ear and pushes the hair away.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Uh, how about breakfast?
speaker_heading: FELIX (over phone)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: (whispering into Bond's
dialog: ear)
dialog: Not too early.
text: Bond cups a hand over the phone, plants his other hand on her
text: face and shoves her back. PAN on her as she lands on the bed
text: smiling and pulls her shirt down.
speaker_heading: FELIX (over phone)
dialog: I'll call you around nine.
speaker_heading: BOND (0.S.)
dialog: Yes, nine o'clock will be fine.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOND
speaker_heading: FELIX (over phone)
dialog: So long, James.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Good night, Felix.
text: He hangs up then looks at Jill.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP - JILL
text: looks back at him seductively, lips parting.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: smiles. PAN on him as he lays atop her, then:
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Oh, it's lost its chill.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CHAMPAGNE BOTTLE
text: Bond's hand is feeling the bottle. He picks it up. TILT UP
text: as he raises it.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Why, you...
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: It's all right. There's another in
text: the fridge.
text: Bond gets up. Jill rolls over to face him, grinning.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Who needs it?
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Bond sets the bottle on a dressing table and picks up his
dialog: bathrobe.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: My dear girl, there are some things
dialog: that just aren't done...
text: PAN on him as he walks into the kitchen putting on the
text: bathrobe. A bamboo screen separates the kitchen from the
dialog: bedroom.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: ... such as drinking Dom Perignon
text: ‘fifty-three above a temperature of
text: thirty-eight degrees Fahrenheit.
dialog: That's as bad as listening to the
text: Beatles without ear-muffs.
text: He opens the refrigerator and kneels.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON BOND
text: He looks in the fridge.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Now, where is this passion juice?
text: A MAN'S HAND suddenly comes up into frame. He wears a black
dialog: jacket.
text: DOLLY IN as the hand approaches bond. Bond opens a
text: refrigerator drawer, finding the champagne bottle and taking
dialog: it.
text: The hand gives Bond a sharp karate chop on the neck, knocking
text: him to the floor. TILT DOWN as he falls, face-up, the bottle
text: rolling beside him.
text: ANGLE ON THE WALL
text: The man's shadow appears on wood paneling on the kitchen wall.
text: He turns sideways. He is thickly built and sports a bowler
text: hat. He is ODDJOB.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: As Bond lies unconscious in f.g., the shadow on the wall moves
dialog: away.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOND'S HOTEL KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Bond and the champagne bottle lie on the floor.
text: DOLLY BACK. Bond begins to move, regaining consciousness. He
text: rolls onto his side and slowly lifts himself. He braces a
text: hand on the stove and feels the side of his head, then starts
text: moving off.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE KITCHEN ENTRYWAY
text: Bond emerges around the bamboo screen and walks forward.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Jill?!
text: He turns a corner then suddenly stops, turns on the lights and
text: looks off aghast.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE BED
text: Jill lies face-down naked, coated in gold paint, one arm
text: hanging over the side of the bed -- dead.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks unmoving.
speaker_heading: BOND'S POV - JILL
text: lying there.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON BOND
text: His face registers terrible concern.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: PAN and TILT UP on Bond as he moves to the bed.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - JILL'S UPPER TORSO
text: Her entire face and hair are painted gold. She looks oddly
text: serene.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: sits on the bed beside her and touches her shoulder. His
text: expression shows he recognizes she is dead.
text: He picks up the phone. DOLLY IN closer.
scene_heading: RECEPTIONIST (on phone)
dialog: Yes, Mister Bond?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Beach seven-nine-four-three- two,
dialog: room one-one-nine...
text: As he waits he looks at
speaker_heading: JILL'S LEGS
text: which are completely painted gold.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOND
text: waiting for a response. Then:
scene_heading: FELIX' VOICE (over phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Hello, Felix? Get over here right
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: FELIX (over phone)
dialog: What's up?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: The girl's dead.
speaker_heading: FELIX (over phone)
dialog: (in alarm)
dialog: Dink?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No, Masterson. Jill Masterson.
text: And she's covered in paint. Gold
dialog: paint.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: A BLUE SKY
text: dotted with clouds. TILT DOWN to reveal
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON - DAY
dialog: Big Ben and Westminster Palace in f.g.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. "M'S" OFFICE - DAY
text: Bond stands at attention in f.g., "M" in b.g. by a window
text: looking at him.
dialog: oye
dialog: Gold? All over?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: She died of skin suffocation. It's
dialog: been known to happen to cabaret
dialog: dancers.
text: TRACK LEFT as "M" paces toward a bookcase.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: It's all right provided you leave a
text: small bare patch at the base of the
text: spine to allow the skin to breathe.
text: TRACK RIGHT as "M" paces back toward the window.
dialog: oye
dialog: Somebody obviously didn't.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: And I know who.
text: "mM" stops and walks up to him.
dialog: 25.
dialog: myn
dialog: This isn't a personal vendetta,
dialog: double-o-seven. It's an assignment
dialog: like any other. And if you can't
dialog: treat it as such, coldly and
text: objectively, then double-o-eight
dialog: can replace you.
text: PAN on "M" as he walks behind his desk.
dialog: myn
dialog: You've hardly distinguished
dialog: yourself, have you? You were
dialog: supposed to observe Mister
dialog: Goldfinger, not borrow his
dialog: girlfriend.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - BOND AND "M"
text: Bond looks patiently at "M" as "M" gives him his "medicine."
speaker_heading: "M"™ (0.S.)
dialog: Instead of that, Goldfinger goes
dialog: off to Europe and it's only by the
dialog: grace of God, your friend Leiter,
dialog: and my intervention with the
dialog: British Embassy in Washington that
dialog: you're not in the custody of the
dialog: Miami Beach police.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Sir, I'm aware of my short-comings.
dialog: But I am prepared to continue this
dialog: assignment in the spirit you
dialog: suggest -- if I knew what it was
dialog: about... sir.
dialog: myn
dialog: (putting on his glasses)
dialog: What do you know about gold? -- Not
dialog: paint, bullion.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I know it when I see it.
text: "M" picks up a piece of paper and reads it.
dialog: myn
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Meet me here at seven. Black tie.
text: Bond looks back at "M" then turns and walks to the door. '"M"
text: continues reading the paper.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 2. START REEL 3.]
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. MISS MONEYPENNY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: MISS MONEYPENNY turns from a filing cabinet with a file as
text: Bond emerges through the outer doorway of "M's" office. He
text: closes the padded door behind him. DOLLY IN closer.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: And what do you know about gold,
dialog: Moneypenny?
text: PAN on Bond as he walks to the hat-rack and takes his hat.
speaker_heading: MONEYPENNY
dialog: (leaning back against
dialog: her desk)
dialog: Oh, the only gold I know about is
dialog: the kind you wear...
dialog: (holding her hand up)
dialog: ... you know, third finger of your
dialog: left hand?
text: DOLLY IN further as Bond approaches her.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Hmm. One of these days we really
dialog: must look into that.
scene_heading: MISS MONEYPENNY
dialog: Well, what about tonight?
dialog: (she takes his hat)
dialog: You come round for dinner...
text: She tosses his hat. In an insert, it lands on the hat-rack.
scene_heading: MISS MONEYPENNY
dialog: and I'll cook you a beautiful
dialog: angel cake.
text: Bond, looking in surprise at the hat-rack, turns back to Miss
dialog: Moneypenny.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Nothing would give me greater
dialog: pleasure. But unfortunately, I do
dialog: have a business appointment.
text: She pushes him back and walks behind her desk.
scene_heading: MISS MONEYPENNY
dialog: That's the flimsiest excuse you've
dialog: ever given me. Ah, well, some
dialog: girls have all the luck. Who is
dialog: she, James?
dialog: 27.
text: Just then "M's" voice comes over the intercom:
speaker_heading: "M" (filtered)
dialog: She is me, Miss Moneypenny.
scene_heading: IN "M'S" OFFICE - SAME TIME
text: "M" stands over his intercom holding a switch down.
dialog: myn
dialog: And kindly omit the customary by-
dialog: play with double-o-seven. He's
dialog: dining with me and I don't want him
dialog: to be late.
scene_heading: IN MISS MONEYPENNY'S OFFICE
text: Bond shuts off the intercom.
scene_heading: MISS MONEYPENNY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: So there's hope for me yet?
text: Bond kisses her cheek then walks to the hat-rack.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Moneypenny, won't you ever believe
dialog: me?
text: He takes his hat and opens the door.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MISS MONEYPENNY
text: She sits behind her desk smiling as we hear the door close.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: In MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT we see three men sitting at the table:
text: COLONEL SMITHERS at the head of the table, "M" on the left and
text: Bond on the right. Each has a brandy snifter in front of him
text: and there is a decanter in front of Smithers. "M" takes a
dialog: sip.
text: A servant, BRUNSKILL, walks over holding a cigar box. He
text: offers it to "M" who takes a cigar, then crosses behind Bond
text: and offers it but Bond waves him off.
text: At the same time we PULL BACK across the extremely long table
text: until we see a candelabra at each end and an end table in f.g.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: We here at the Bank of England,
dialog: Mister Bond, are the official
dialog: depository for gold bullion, just as
dialog: Fort Knox, Kentucky is for the
dialog: United States. We know, of course,
dialog: the amounts we each hold, we know
dialog: the amounts deposited in other
dialog: banks, and we can estimate what is
dialog: being held for industrial purposes.
dialog: This enables the two governments to
dialog: establish respectively the true
dialog: value of the dollar and the pound.
dialog: Consequently, we are vitally
dialog: concerned with unauthorized
dialog: leakages.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I take it you mean...
scene_heading: TWO-SHOT - BOND AND SMITHERS
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: ...smuggling.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: Yes.
text: Brunskill holds the box out to Smithers and he takes a cigar,
text: then hands it back so Brunskill can clip its end. Meanwhile
text: "M" off-screen lights his cigar and blows out a puff of smoke.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: Gold, gentlemen, which has been
text: melted down and recast, is
text: virtually untraceable, which makes
dialog: it, uh, unlike diamonds, ideal for
dialog: smuggling, attracting the biggest
dialog: and most ingenious criminals.
text: Brunskill, bowing slightly, hands Smithers the clipped cigar.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: Thank you, Brunskill. That will be
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: BRUNSKILL
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: Brunskill exits. Smithers picks up the decanter and hands it
dialog: to Bond.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: Have a little more of this, uh,
text: rather disappointing brandy.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - "M"
dialog: oye
dialog: Well, what's the matter with it?
scene_heading: BOND AND SMITHERS
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (looking at the decanter)
dialog: I'd say it was a thirty-year-old
dialog: fiend indifferently blended, sir...
dialog: oye
text: holding his snifter, looks at Bond.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: takes out the stopper and sniffs the contents.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: . with an overdose of Bon Bois.
dialog: oye
dialog: oye
dialog: Colonel Smithers is giving the
dialog: lecture, double-o-seven.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: pouring some brandy from the decanter into his glass, freezes.
speaker_heading: THREE -SHOT
text: The decanter with the stopper in it now sits on the table in
text: front of Bond, his hand on it.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: Gentlemen, Mister Goldfinger has
dialog: gold bullion on deposit in Zurich,
dialog: Amsterdam, Caracas and Hong Kong,
dialog: worth twenty million pounds. Most
dialog: of it comes from this country.
text: Bond passes him the decanter.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, why move it?
text: Smithers passes the decanter to "M."
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: Because the price of gold varies
dialog: from country to country. If you
dialog: buy it here at thirty dollars an
dialog: ounce, you can sell it in, say,
dialog: Pakistan at a hundred and ten
dialog: dollars and triple your money...
dialog: oye
text: holding the stopper in his hand, sniffs at the decanter then
text: looks up at Bond.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS (0.S.)
dialog: ... providing, of course, you have
dialog: the facilities for melting it down.
speaker_heading: BOND
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: And has he?
speaker_heading: THREE -SHOT
text: "M" puts the stopper back in the decanter and sets it down.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: (lowers his cigar)
dialog: Apart from being a legitimate
dialog: bullion dealer, Mister Goldfinger
dialog: poses -- eh, no, that's not quite
dialog: fair...
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SMITHERS
text: now holds the cigar at his mouth.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: . is, among his many other
dialog: interests, a legitimate
dialog: international jeweler. He's, uh,
dialog: legally entitled to operate modest
text: metallurgical installations.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: sits thinking.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: THREE -SHOT
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
text: His British one is down in Kent.
dialog: As yet, we have failed to discover
dialog: how he transfers his gold overseas,
dialog: and Lord knows we've tried.
dialog: (he turns to "M")
dialog: If your department can establish
dialog: that it is done illegally, then the
dialog: Bank could institute proceedings to
dialog: recover the bulk of his holdings.
text: "M" looks on in agreement.
scene_heading: SMITHERS AND BOND
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I think it's time Mister Goldfinger
dialog: and I met -- socially, of course.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: I was hoping you'd say that.
text: Smithers rises. PAN on him as he walks off frame, leaving "M"
dialog: in f.g.
dialog: oye
dialog: It might lead to a business talk --
dialog: Mister Goldfinger's kind of
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: BOND
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I'll need some sort of bait.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS (0.S.)
dialog: I quite agree.
speaker_heading: THREE -SHOT
text: TRACK with Smithers as he returns to the table holding an
text: object wrapped in green cloth.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: This is the only one we have, from
text: the Nazi hoard from the bottom of
text: Lake Toplitz in the Salzkammergut,
dialog: but there are undoubtedly others.
text: He sets it on the table and unwraps the covering, revealing:
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - A BAR OF GOLD
speaker_heading: SMITHERS (0.S.)
dialog: Mister Bond can make whatever use
dialog: of it he thinks fit...
speaker_heading: THREE -SHOT
text: Smithers sits back in his chair.
speaker_heading: SMITHERS
dialog: providing he returns it, of
dialog: course. It's worth five thousand
dialog: pounds.
text: He lifts his snifter.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE BAR OF GOLD
text: gleams beautifully.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks at it then reaches forward.
scene_heading: THE BAR OF GOLD
text: Bond's hand touches it.
dialog: oye
text: holds a hand up, stopping him.
dialog: oye
dialog: You'll draw it from "Q" branch with
dialog: the rest of your equipment in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks back at him and straightens his cuff.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: But of course, sir.
dialog: oye
text: grins enigmatically at Bond then raises his snifter.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. "Q" BRANCH - DAY
text: TwO MEN in a glass cubicle wearing gas masks face a parking
text: meter. One of them puts a coin into it. White gas instantly
text: shoots from it, filling the cubicle.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: Bond stands outside the cubicle watching the gas expand.
text: DOLLY BACK as Bond walks with a hand in his pocket to a bench.
text: "Q" bends over the bench beside a sitting man and points to an
text: object he's working on.
text: Bond picks up a hand grenade and looks at it.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Good morning, "Q."
text: "Q" immediately takes it from him and sets it down ina
dialog: container.
dialog: Ng"
dialog: Good morning, double-o-seven. This
dialog: way, please.
text: DOLLY WITH THEM as they walk away from the bench.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: My, we are busy this morning.
text: TwO MEN in an alcove behind them come into view. One wears a
text: trench coat, the other aims a machine gun at him. Suddenly
text: the gunner fires at the other man. Bond and "Q" react and
dialog: look back.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: The gunner keeps firing. The other man looks to one side,
text: apparently not feeling the shots. The gunner stops shooting
text: and the other man pulls back his trench coat, revealing a
text: bullet-proof vest. He looks down at it.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: The man lowers his hands and feels his crotch as the shooter
text: looks on. The man looks at the shooter then feels his crotch
dialog: again.
text: "Q" turns to Bond.
dialog: Ng"
dialog: It's not perfected yet.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Where's my Bentley?
dialog: It's had its day, I'm afraid.
text: DOLLY BACK as they walk forward. A large "NO SMOKING" sign
text: comes into view behind them.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: But it's never let me down.
text: "M's" orders, double-o-seven.
text: "Q" points off. PAN OVER to reveal a gray Aston-Martin. The
text: license plate, white-on-black, reads "BMT 216A."
dialog: "9" (0.8.) /
dialog: You'll be using this Aston-Martin
dialog: D.B.-Five with modifications.
speaker_heading: TWO- SHOT
text: Bond and "Q" look down at the car.
dialog: Now pay attention, please.
text: "Q" steps over to the car and taps the windshield.
dialog: No"
dialog: Windscreen, bullet-proof...
dialog: (points backwards)
dialog: as are the side and rear
dialog: windows.
text: He reaches in, turning a switch on the dashboard.
dialog: No"
dialog: Revolving number plates, naturally.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE FRONT LICENSE PLATE
text: It revolves to a white-on-black plate, 4711-EA-62, then a
text: black-on-white plate, LU-6789, then back to the original
dialog: plate.
speaker_heading: "Q" (0.8.)
dialog: Valid all countries.
speaker_heading: TWO- SHOT
text: "Q" reaches into his pocket and takes out a small silver case.
text: DOLLY IN on "Q" and Bond.
dialog: 35.
dialog: Here's a nice little transmitting
dialog: device called a "Homer."
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE "HOMER"
speaker_heading: "Q" (0.8.)
dialog: You prime it by pressing that back,
dialog: like this. You see?
text: He pulls back the outer cover and the device beeps. Then he
text: holds up a tiny version of the same device.
text: The smaller model is now standard
dialog: field issue, to be fitted into the
dialog: heel of your shoe. Its larger
dialog: brother is magnetic.
text: He releases the tiny version and it sticks to the larger one.
speaker_heading: TWO- SHOT
text: Bond takes the devices from "Q."
dialog: Right. To be concealed in the car
dialog: you're trailing while you keep out
dialog: of sight.
text: "Q" opens the passenger door and sits inside.
text: Reception on the dashboard, here.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE DASHBOARD
text: "Q" presses a button and a small grill on the dashboard opens
text: with a humming sound, revealing a green "scope."
dialog: Audio-visual range a hundred and
text: fifty miles.
text: He turns a dial. An indicator "blip" appears in the middle of
text: the scope and makes a beeping sound.
speaker_heading: BOND (0.S.)
dialog: Ingenious -- and useful, too.
speaker_heading: TWO- SHOT
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Allow a man to stop off for a quick
text: one on route.
dialog: 36.
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: It has not been perfected after
dialog: years of patient research and time
dialog: for that purpose, double-o-seven.
text: "Q" gets out of the car and shuts the door. Bond glances at
text: the gadgets in his hand then leans an arm on the roof of the
dialog: car.
dialog: And incidentally, we'd appreciate
dialog: its return, along with all your
dialog: other equipment -- intact, for
dialog: once, when you return from the
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: BONED
dialog: Well, you'd be surprised the amount
text: of wear-and-tear that goes on out
dialog: there in the field. Anything else?
text: "Q" walks forward. DOLLY IN on Bond, looking bored.
dialog: Well, I won't keep you for more
dialog: than an hour or so if you give me
dialog: your undivided attention. We've
dialog: installed some rather interesting
dialog: modifications.
text: Bond signs and leans more heavily against the car.
dialog: ugn
text: walks around to the driver's side and points in through the
dialog: window.
dialog: You see this arm here?
text: Bond looks in through the passenger window.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE CONSOLE
text: "Q's" hand reaches inside and taps the top of the console.
speaker_heading: "Q" (0.8.)
text: Now open the top, and inside are
dialog: your defense mechanism controls:
text: "Q" opens the top, revealing numerous switches. He points to
text: many (but not all) of them.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: "Q" (0.8.)
text: smoke screen, oil slick, rear
text: bullet-proof screen, and left and
text: right front-wing machine guns.
text: He closes the top.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks on patiently but without much interest.
speaker_heading: "Q" (0.8.)
dialog: Now this one I'm particularly keen
dialog: about.
text: Bond looks inside again.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE STICK SHIFT
text: "Q's" finger points to it.
speaker_heading: "Q" (0.8.)
dialog: You see the gear lever here? Now,
dialog: if you take the top off...
text: (he flips the top
text: open, revealing a
dialog: red button)
dialog: ... you'll find a little red
dialog: button.
text: He closes the top again.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - "Q"
dialog: "on
dialog: Whatever you do, don't touch it.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BOND
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: And why not?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - "Q"
text: He holds his hands over the roof.
dialog: Because you'll release this section
dialog: of the roof...
dialog: (points inside again)
dialog: and engage and then fire the
text: passenger ejector seat.
dialog: (throws a hand upwards)
dialog: Whoosh!
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BOND
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Ejector seat? You're joking!
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT - "Q"
dialog: "on
dialog: (miffed)
dialog: I never joke about my work, double-
dialog: o-seven.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BOND
text: looks back chagrined.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF CLUB - ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY
text: A golf shop and large hotel are in b.g. GOLFERS walk past in
text: f.g. pulling wheeled golf carts. A gold Rolls Royce is parked
text: near the hotel, and beyond it Bond's Aston-Martin.
scene_heading: INT. GOLF SHOP - DAY - SAME TIME
text: The proprietor, BLACKING, winds tape around a golf club in
text: f.g. Goldfinger walks in. He is dressed like his name:
text: brown coat over a yellow sweater, brown striped tie, brown
text: golfing pants and shoes, and he holds a matching brown cap.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Ready, Blacking?
speaker_heading: BLACKING
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: DOLLY BACK to reveal Bond in f.g. He wears a purple sweater
text: and black slacks and is looking at a rack of golf clubs.
speaker_heading: BLACKING
dialog: (to Goldfinger)
dialog: Uh, there's an old member dropped
dialog: by, sir. Same handicap as yours.
dialog: I wondered if you would rather play
dialog: with him?
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Where is he?
text: Blacking turns to Bond.
speaker_heading: BLACKING
dialog: Uh, Mister Bond?
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: turns to Blacking.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BLACKING (0.S.)
dialog: This is Mister Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: turns and looks at Bond. He studies him a moment, then
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks back at Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: keeps looking at Bond.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: keeps looking at Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: BLACKING (0.S.)
dialog: You can go straight off. The first
text: tee is clear.
speaker_heading: THREE -SHOT
text: DOLLY IN as Bond walks past them to the door.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: BLACKING
dialog: I'll get Hawker to carry for you,
dialog: Mister Bond.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: Well, that'll be splendid.
dialog: (to Goldfinger )
dialog: Shall we make it a shilling a hole?
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Um-hmm.
text: Bond smiles at him and walks out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF SHOP - SAME TIME
text: As Bond emerges we hear Goldfinger talking to Blacking:
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: I'll take some tees.
speaker_heading: BLACKING (0.S.)
dialog: Ah, yes. Of course.
text: Bond suddenly looks ahead and stops.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE GOLF COURSE
text: ODDJOB steps into a rigid stance right across from him. A
text: golf bag hangs incongruously from his shoulder.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOND
text: Goldfinger comes out of the shop behind him, smiling at Bond's
text: concerned look.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Oh, you must excuse Oddjob, Mister
dialog: Bond. He's an admirable
text: manservant, but mute. He's not a
dialog: very good caddy.
text: PAN on them as they walk past Oddjob.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (shrugging at Oddjob)
dialog: Golf is not yet the national game
dialog: of Korea, eh?
text: Oddjob waits until they are some distance away then follows.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF COURSE - DAY
text: Bond stands on a putting green at his ball. He wears a black
text: hat and takes aim with his putter. Goldfinger's ball is
text: closer to the hole than Bond's. HAWKER stands nearby with
text: Bond's golf bag.
text: Bond putts and sinks the ball.
dialog: 41.
text: PAN on him as he walks to the hole, revealing Goldfinger
text: approaching with his putter and Oddjob standing nearby.
text: Goldfinger is in his sweater and wears his brown cap.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: This meeting is not a coincidence,
dialog: eh?
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Goldfinger and Bond stand in f.g., with Oddjob and Hawking
text: standing in b.g. on opposite sides. Goldfinger leans down
text: with his putter.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: What's your game, Mister Bond?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
text: - Bond looks at Goldfinger.
text: - Goldfinger looks down taking aim.
text: - His putter moves back and forth at his ball.
text: - Bond keeps looking at him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: My game?
text: - Goldfinger keeps looking down.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: You didn't come here to play golf.
text: - His putter keeps moving back and forth. Suddenly Bond's
text: gold bar lands beside it with a thud.
text: - Goldfinger's eyes widen as he looks at the bar.
text: - The bar glistens in the sunlight.
text: - Goldfinger looks back at his ball.
text: - His putter taps the ball, which rolls aside missing the
dialog: hole.
text: - Bond smirks slightly and looks at Goldfinger.
text: - Goldfinger looks at the gold bar again then turns aside.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Goldfinger hands his putter to Oddjob as Bond picks up the
text: gold bar and gives it to Hawker.
scene_heading: BOND AND GOLDFINGER - TRACKING SHOT
text: They walk together across the green.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: The 1940 smelt from the Weigenhaler
dialog: foundry at Essen.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Part of a smelt of six hundred.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: They vanished in 1944.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: When the Nazis were on the run.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: And you have access to more?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes, from the same source.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Interesting.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: They approach a teeing ground where a marker says "17."
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: Two holes to go.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes, and all square.
text: Bond plants his ball on a tee.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Then you have no objection to
dialog: increasing the stakes?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (getting into putting
dialog: position)
dialog: No. What do you have in mind?
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - GOLDFINGER AND BOND
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: The bar of gold you have with you,
dialog: naturally.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: It's worth five thousand pounds.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (laughing it off)
dialog: Oh, I'll stake the cash equivalent.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Naturally.
dialog: (he looks nervously
dialog: down at his ball)
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Bond raises his club to swing.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Strict rules of golf?
speaker_heading: BOND
text: freezes in mid-stroke and lowers the club.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: But of course.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: nods and sways from side to side.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Bond swings at the ball, striking it cleanly across the
dialog: fairway.
text: Goldfinger watches it go. So does Oddjob.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE FAIRWAY
text: The ball sails far away then lands.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 3. START REEL 4.]
text: Smiling tightly, Bond crosses Goldfinger, who takes a club
text: from Oddjob and approaches the tee. Bond watches.
dialog: 44,
text: Goldfinger sets his ball down and readies himself. Ina
text: reverse angle on his legs, his club hits the ball squarely and
text: the ball flies into the distance.
text: Goldfinger watches it go. So does Bond, who steps forward
text: grinning.
scene_heading: AN AREA OF ROUGH
text: Goldfinger's ball sails across an area of rough and lands near
text: some trees.
scene_heading: BOND AND GOLDFINGER
text: Bond looks over Goldfinger's shoulder at the rough, Oddjob
text: behind them.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh, bad luck. You're in the rough.
text: Goldfinger puts his hand on his hip then walks forward.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE AREA OF ROUGH - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: From left to right, Oddjob, Goldfinger, Bond and Hawker look
dialog: for the ball in the rough.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - GOLDFINGER
text: paces near the trees, looking down. (Bond is no longer where
dialog: he was standing.)
scene_heading: BOND AND HAWKER
text: search near the beginning of the rough.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh, what a pity. Here it is.
text: They look down at a ball.
speaker_heading: HAWKER
dialog: (picking it up)
text: No, it's not. He plays a Slazenger
dialog: One.
text: Hawker hands Bond the ball. Bond looks at it. It is marked
dialog: "Slazenger 7."
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - GOLDFINGER
text: continues to look near the trees.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: BOND (0.S.)
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Strict rules of golf, Goldfinger!
dialog: Five minutes are almost up!
scene_heading: BOND AND HAWKER
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: A lost ball will cost you stroke
dialog: and distance!
text: Goldfinger keeps looking through the rough.
speaker_heading: ODDJOB
text: PAN on him as he walks with a hand in his trouser pocket. He
text: stops walking. TILT DOWN to his legs as a ball rolls out of
text: his trousers onto the turf.
text: He raises his arm.
speaker_heading: ODDJOB
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Aagh aagh!
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: looks over and waves his club.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: He walks off.
scene_heading: BOND AND HAWKER
text: watch with concealed contempt.
text: Goldfinger walks past them.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: I'm still training him as a caddy.
text: Oddjob, off to the side, grins at Bond.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Successfully, too.
text: He and Hawker walk off.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Goldfinger walks to Oddjob in f.g. Meanwhile Bond and Hawker
text: walk toward the trees in b.g., looking around.
text: Goldfinger looks down at "his" ball, which lays inches from
text: the fairway. It is marked "Slazenger 1."
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Slazenger Number One. Good.
text: He holds his hand out. Oddjob passes him a club.
scene_heading: BOND AND HAWKER
text: Bond stops searching and looks up at Goldfinger. Hawker walks
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: HAWKER
dialog: If that's his original ball, I'm
dialog: Arnold Palmer.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: 'Tisn't.
speaker_heading: HAWKER
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: BOND
text: I'm standing on it.
text: Hawker looks down. Bond raises his foot revealing the ball.
speaker_heading: HAWKER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Why you crafty old...
text: Hawker starts to reach down.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Leave it.
text: Bond holds up the other ball.
speaker_heading: HAWKER
dialog: The ball you found, sir?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes. Slazenger Seven.
dialog: (looking off)
dialog: Let's have a little fun with Mister
dialog: Goldfinger.
text: He slips the ball into his pocket.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Goldfinger, in f.g. with his back to us, swings his club
text: strongly then walks forward.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - AT THE 17TH HOLE
text: Bond's ball lays inches from the cup, Goldfinger's a few yards
text: away. Bond approaches his ball.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (to Goldfinger)
dialog: Would you like me to mark it or
dialog: knock it in?
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Um-hmm, play it.
text: Bond taps his ball into the cup.
text: Goldfinger walks up to his ball.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: This for a half.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: That's right.
text: Goldfinger leans over with his club. In an angle on his legs,
text: he hits the ball and it rolls into the cup.
text: Bond, hand in his pocket, looks up at him.
text: Goldfinger rises haughtily and grins.
text: Bond glances back at Hawker then, as we TILT DOWN, takes his
text: hand from his pocket. We glimpse the hidden ball in his hand.
text: He reaches into the cup and withdraws two balls. TILT BACK UP
text: to his face.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (to Goldfinger)
dialog: One to go. That'll be the
dialog: clincher.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Fine.
text: Bond tosses a ball to Goldfinger, who reaches out gracefully
text: and catches it. The foursome start walking.
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: BOND AND HAWKER - TRACKING SHOT
speaker_heading: HAWKER
dialog: Did you switch them, sir?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: HAWKER
dialog: Then we've got ‘em.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: If he doesn't notice the switch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. 18TH HOLE - DAY
text: Close shot of a marker that says "18." TRACK BACK as
text: Goldfinger and Oddjob enter the teeing ground. Goldfinger
text: reaches down with his ball.
scene_heading: BOND AND HAWKER
text: approach. Hawker looks on, startled.
speaker_heading: HAWKER
dialog: It's your honour, sir!
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (holding his hand up)
dialog: It's all right.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: bends over and sets his ball on a tee. He rises. The ball
text: falls off the tee.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: Goldfinger angles his club then notices the ball on the
text: ground. He reaches for it.
scene_heading: BOND AND HAWKER
text: watch in suspense.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: plants the ball on the tee again, then looks into the distance
text: and readies his stroke.
scene_heading: BOND AND HAWKER
dialog: keep watching.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Goldfinger swings and hits the ball across the fairway.
text: Hawker smiles at Bond. They walk forward.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB HOUSE - WIDE ANGLE - DAY
text: The final hole. Goldfinger putts. His ball rolls into the
text: cups Bond's ball is equidistant on the other side of the
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: Down in five.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (preparing to putt)
dialog: I'll have to sink this to have the
dialog: game, right?
text: Bond putts. The ball curves away from the hole, just missing
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yaagh! You win, Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: It seems I am too good for you.
text: Bond reaches into the cup and takes out both balls. He looks
dialog: at one.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Hmm. You play a Slazenger One,
dialog: don't you?
text: Goldfinger, who has been leaning triumphantly on his club,
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Yes. Why?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (holding Goldfinger's
dialog: ball up)
text: This is a Slazenger Seven.
text: Goldfinger takes it. Bond holds up the other ball.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Here's my Penfold Hearts.
text: Goldfinger looks in shock at the ball in his hand.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You must have played the wrong ball
dialog: somewhere on the eighteenth
dialog: fairway. We are playing strict
dialog: rules, so I'm afraid you lose the
text: hole and the match.
text: Goldfinger glares up at Oddjob. Oddjob looks back without
dialog: expression.
text: Goldfinger hurls his ball to the ground and walks off as Bond
text: smiles. Hawker approaches with the flag, grinning broadly,
text: and plants it beside the hole.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CLUBHOUSE - DAY
text: The gold Rolls Royce sits in f.g., beyond it Bond's Aston-
text: Martin. A number of statues adorn the clubhouse fagade.
text: PAN on Oddjob as walks to the Rolls' trunk carrying
text: Goldfinger's golf bag, revealing Bond dressed in a brown suit
text: looking on with his hands in his pockets. Oddjob sets the bag
text: in the trunk and backs away.
text: DOLLY IN on Bond as he approaches the trunk. He takes a Homer
text: from his pocket, primes it and plants it inside the trunk.
scene_heading: FOLLOWING ODDJOB
text: DOLLY BACK as he approaches again carrying a folded umbrella.
text: Bond gently strokes the car's gold exterior as Oddjob sets the
text: umbrella in the trunk then closes an inner casing and then an
text: outer casing.
text: At the same time Goldfinger approaches from the clubhouse in
text: b.g. He now wears a formal brown suit and hat.
text: Bond backs away from the car, hands in his pockets, and faces
dialog: Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: She's a beauty! Phantom three
dialog: thirty-seven, isn't she?
scene_heading: CLOSER ON GOLDFINGER APPROACHING
text: DOLLY BACK as he walks up to Bond.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: You are a clever, resourceful man,
dialog: Mister Bond.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Why, thank you.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Perhaps too clever.
text: HOLD ON TWO-SHOT as Goldfinger looks Bond in the eye.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Twice our paths have crossed.
dialog: Let's leave it at that.
text: PAN on Goldfinger as he opens the car's back door.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I should have thought our first
dialog: meeting would have convinced you.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BOND
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh, I see.
text: PAN on him as he walks over to Goldfinger. Goldfinger's left
text: arm is linked around the window-frame, revealing a gold
text: wristwatch and band, a gold cufflink and a gold ring. Oddjob
text: stands watching on the other side of the car.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You're worried about me not giving
dialog: you a return game.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Both of us know perfectly well what
dialog: we are talking about, Mister Bond.
dialog: But I see that it is necessary to
dialog: remind you. Oddjob!
text: PAN on Oddjob as he walks past the front of the car then
text: stands at attention across from them.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: Many people have tried to involve
dialog: themselves in my affairs --
scene_heading: TWO-SHOT - BOND AND GOLDFINGER
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: -- unsuccessfully.
text: Goldfinger looks off at Oddjob then touches the brim of his
text: hat and points into the distance.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: THEIR POV - A STATUE
text: It is a classic Greek statue of a woman.
speaker_heading: ODDJOB
text: takes off his bowler hat, steps over to Bond and Goldfinger
text: and flings his hat at the statue.
text: The hat flies through the air and crosses the statue, knocking
text: the head off. The head and hat land at the base of the
dialog: statue.
scene_heading: BOND AND GOLDFINGER
text: look up at Oddjob, who walks off to retrieve his hat. DOLLY
text: IN on Bond and Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Remarkable. But what does the club
dialog: secretary have to say?
scene_heading: GOLDFINGER.
dialog: Oh, nothing, Mister Bond. I own
dialog: the club.
text: Goldfinger wipes his eye, opens the car door, gets in and
text: lowers a tabletop.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I assume you want the check made
text: out to cash.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: That would be perfectly
dialog: satisfactory.
text: Goldfinger looks at him with a sneer.
speaker_heading: ODDJOB
text: PAN on him and he returns to the car straightening his hat.
text: He passes behind the car to the driver's side. Meanwhile
text: Goldfinger tears a check from his checkbook and hands it to
dialog: Bond.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Goodbye, Mister Bond.
text: Goldfinger shuts his door as Oddjob gets in behind the wheel.
text: Bond plays with a ball in his hand then tosses it to Oddjob
text: who catches it.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh, uh... I believe this is yours.
dialog: 53.
text: Oddjob glares at Bond and squeezes the ball. Bond looks on.
text: The ball fractures into little pieces that Oddjob flings to
text: the ground. Bond rocks back on his heels, suitably impressed.
scene_heading: THE ROLLS ROYCE
text: drives off. Bond turns fingering the check then walks over to
text: his Aston-Martin and reaches inside.
text: Bond's finger presses a button on the dashboard and the grill
text: opens, revealing the scope. He turns a dial and the scope
text: glows green, shows a map of the area and blips. The blip
text: indicator is moving away from the center of the scope.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A HOIST - CLOSE ON THE ROLLS ROYCE - DAY
text: The Rolls rises into the air accompanied by a mechanical
text: lifting noise. The front license plate reads "AU1."
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: The car is on a hoist beneath an airplane and is being raised
text: to the cargo hatch. PAN on a baggage handler driving by ina
text: cart containing four suitcases, one of which is gold-coloured.
text: As the cart passes under the plane, DOLLY BACK to reveal
text: Goldfinger and Oddjob approaching the steps to the passenger
dialog: compartment.
text: Goldfinger motions to Oddjob, who hands their tickets toa
text: STEWARDESS at the base of the steps, and the two of them walk
text: up the steps.
text: AT THE STOP OF THE STEPS
text: Goldfinger takes off his hat as he passes a STEWARDESS at the
text: top of the steps and enters the passenger compartment. Oddjob
text: follows keeping his hat on.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: CRANE BACK from the plane to reveal the Aston-Martin in f.g.
text: and Bond behind the wheel looking at the scope, as we hear an
dialog: announcement:
scene_heading: AIRPORT ANNOUNCER
dialog: (over loudspeaker )
dialog: British United Air-ferries announce
dialog: the departure of their DS-400
dialog: flight to Geneva.
text: Suddenly a voice calls out to Bond:
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: SECURITY OFFICER (0.S.)
dialog: Mister Bond?
text: Bond looks over.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: DOLLY BACK as the Security Officer approaches Bond.
scene_heading: SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: That's all right. I've got you
text: booked out on the next flight to
text: Geneva, leaving in half an hour.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh. Thank you very much.
scene_heading: SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: Right, sir.
text: The Security Officer walks off.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks back at the British United plane, which is starting to
text: taxi away.
text: He opens the scope on his dashboard and turns the dial. The
text: map alights showing the airport at the center of the screen
text: and the blip indicator moving away from it.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SWISS COUNTRYSIDE - EXTREME LONG SHOT - DAY
text: TILT DOWN from towering mountains to a hilly road.
text: Goldfinger's Rolls Royce drives up the road.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. GOLDFINGER'S CAR - SAME TIME
text: Oddjob drives. Goldfinger sits in back opening a newspaper.
text: He scratches the side of his face.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER ROAD - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: Bond's Aston-Martin drives up the road from a town in b.g.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BOND'S CAR - SAME TIME
text: Bond is driving. He looks down at the scope.
text: It shows a map of Geneva. The blip indicating the Rolls is
text: moving up the top half of the scope.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STRETCH OF ROAD - DAY
text: The Rolls drives up the road, continuing to head uphill.
text: IN THE BACK SEAT
text: Goldfinger leans back with his hat over his eyes, snoozing.
text: He suddenly rubs his nose then relaxes again.
speaker_heading: IN BOND'S CAR
text: Bond looks down impatiently at the scope.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SAME TIME
text: The Aston-Martin navigates a bend in the road. Just then a
text: yellow Ford Mustang rounds a corner behind it, following.
text: Bond look in the rearview mirror. It shows the Mustang
text: following. Then Bond's expression grows more interested and
text: he looks back.
text: IN THE MUSTANG
text: An attractive blonde is driving -- TILLY MASTERSON -- but her
text: expression is grim. She honks her horn.
speaker_heading: THE ROAD
text: The Mustang comes alongside the Aston-Martin.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks over with an interested expression.
speaker_heading: BOND'S POV
text: The Mustang races ahead of him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: grins.
text: He looks ahead again at the Mustang, which now races
text: perilously fast.
text: Bond prepares to put on more speed but catches himself and
text: slows down.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Discipline, double-o-seven.
dialog: (unhappily)
dialog: Discipline.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIRST ROAD GOLDFINGER TOOK - DAY
text: The Mustang heads up the road. Inside, Tilly looks forward
dialog: grimly.
speaker_heading: IN BOND'S CAR
text: He looks down at the scope again. The blip indicator has
text: become stationary, showing no movement.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE FLOWER STALL - VERY HIGH ANGLE
text: The Rolls is stopped at the flower stall, which is manned by
text: five children. Goldfinger and Oddjob get out of the car.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Oddjob walks up to one of the children.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BOND'S CAR
text: He keeps driving, his expression impatient.
text: ANGLE ON THE ROAD
text: The Aston-Martin continues up the road.
scene_heading: EXT. FLOWER STALL - VERY HIGH ANGLE - DAY
text: Oddjob stands beside the Rolls as Goldfinger approaches the
text: children. SLOWLY ZOOM BACK to an extreme long shot revealing
dialog: a much higher road in f.g.
text: Bond's car has stopped on the high road and he gets out and
text: looks down at Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: turns away from the flower stall eating an orange. Oddjob,
text: behind him (in a process shot), approaches the children again.
scene_heading: VERY HIGH ANGLE - BOND
text: He stands on the high road looking down at Goldfinger. SLOWLY
text: ZOOM BACK to an even longer shot revealing an even higher road
dialog: in f.g.
text: A rifle barrel comes into view, aiming below, and then Tilly,
text: lying prone and bracing the rifle on a boulder. She fires.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOND
text: The bullet strikes the pavement right in front of him. He
text: ducks down then lies flat behind his car.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: TILLY
text: moves away with the rifle.
scene_heading: GOLDFINGER'S CAR
text: Goldfinger gets back inside. Oddjob looks up at the hillside
text: and smirks, then gets behind the wheel.
text: The Rolls drives away from the flower stall.
speaker_heading: ON a ROAD
text: Tilly's car rounds a bend and heads downhill. Bond's car
text: emerges from a side road behind her and follows.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks ahead now with determination.
scene_heading: ON THE ROAD
text: The two cars race down the road, Bond right behind Tilly.
text: When they reach the flower stall, Bond passes her and speeds
text: ahead. Tilly follows, almost on his bumper, honking at him.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - THE CHASE
text: - Bond looks in his rearview mirror and grins, enthused by the
text: chase.
text: - The mirror shows the Mustang following fast.
text: - TRUCKING SHOT: The Aston-Martin races around a bend, the
text: Mustang right behind it and trying to pass it.
text: - Tilly sounds her horn again.
text: - Bond, grinning more broadly, checks his rearview mirror.
text: - TRUCKING SHOT: The Aston-Martin starts swerving to block
text: the Mustang from passing. A long horn blast sounds from the
dialog: Mustang.
text: - Bond politely gestures to the Mustang to pass him.
text: - The Mustang swerves to the other side of the road.
text: - Bond looks over at it.
text: - His hand opens the console, revealing his weapon controls.
text: - The Aston-Martin races by with the Mustang almost beside it.
text: - Bond reaches down.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: - CLOSE SHOT - A REAR WHEEL: A hub decoration opens to reveal
text: cutting blades on a spindle. They extend from the wheel ona
dialog: rod.
text: - Tilly looks in her rearview-mirror.
text: - Blades from Bond's front wheel slam into a front tire on the
dialog: Mustang.
text: - Tilly looks over and screams.
text: - Blades now retract from the Mustang's shredded rear tire,
text: then slam into it again and retract again.
text: - Tilly's car skids off the road; both passenger-side tires
dialog: are blown.
text: - She clutches the steering wheel as her car bounces to a
text: stop, then she strokes her face.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 4. START REEL 5.]
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY - SAME TIME
text: The Aston-Martin has stopped at the side of the road. Bond
text: runs out, slamming the door behind him.
speaker_heading: TILLY'S CAR
text: Bond runs up to her.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Are you all right? Here, let me
dialog: help you.
text: He opens the driver's door and she steps out.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You know, you're lucky to be alive.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: No thanks to you. You should have
text: pulled over further.
text: She crosses behind the back of her car and looks at her tires.
text: The rear tire is completely shredded.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: Look at them!
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: A double blow-out! I've never seen
dialog: one of these before.
dialog: 59.
text: Tilly looks over at Bond's car. It sits innocently on the
text: side of the road.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: How could new tires...?
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Defect of some kind, most likely.
text: (sits on the edge of
dialog: her trunk)
dialog: Anyway, I'm so glad that it's only
dialog: the car and not you. You don't
dialog: look like the sort of girl who
dialog: should be ditched.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: Never mind that. Please take me to
text: the nearest garage.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Certainly.
text: She crosses back to the driver's side and grabs her handbag.
text: Bond follows.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: By the way, my name Is Bond. Would
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: Um, as quickly as possible.
text: She goes to the trunk. He shuts the driver's door. She opens
text: the trunk, takes out a suitcase and sets it down as he takes a
text: briefcase from her back seat.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: I'll take that.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (handing it to her)
dialog: Yes, of course.
text: He picks up the suitcase and follows her to his car.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BOND'S CAR - DRIVING - DAY
text: Bond drives, Tilly beside him. They look at each other.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: What's your name, by the way?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: Soames. Tilly Soames.
text: Bond glances in the rearview mirror.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TILLY'S CASE
text: sits on the back seat ledge with the initials "T.M." marked on
dialog: it.
scene_heading: BOND AND TILLY
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Here for the hunting season? TI had
dialog: a case just like that one.
text: She glances back.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HER CASE
text: The initials on it are very visible.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - BOND AND TILLY
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: It's for my ice skates.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Lovely sport. Where do you skate?
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: Saint Moritz.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I didn't know there was ice there
dialog: this time of the year.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: (suddenly points)
text: There's a garage.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - DAY - SAME TIME
text: Bond's car drives in front b.g. and stops in f.g. Tilly
text: immediately opens her door and gets out. She walks past the
text: gas pumps toward the office.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Fraulein!
speaker_heading: IN BOND'S CAR
text: He reaches down to open the scope. Meanwhile, we hear Tilly:
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: TILLY (0.S.)
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I've had an accident.
speaker_heading: THE SCOPE
text: Bond turns the dial activating the scope. It alights. The
text: beep indicator is stationary again, near a mountainside.
text: Puzzled, Bond looks off as if the source is nearby, then he
text: looks at the scope again.
text: The indicator remains stationary. We hear Tilly again:
speaker_heading: TILLY (0.S.)
dialog: How long will it take?... Thank
dialog: you. Appreciate it.
text: Bond looks down and turns off the scope then opens the door
text: and starts to step out.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - BOND AND TILLY - SAME TIME
text: Bond emerges from the car as Tilly walks up to him.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: They say it'll take twenty-four
dialog: hours to get new tires. There's a
text: hotel nearby.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh, jump in. I'll run you down.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: That won't be necessary.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, I hate to leave you here
dialog: alone.
text: Bond reaches into the car and hands Tilly her suitcase.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: I can take care of myself.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes, I'm sure you can.
text: Bond reaches in again and hands her her briefcase.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (smiling to her)
dialog: Well, don't forget to write.
text: He gets in and shuts the door, leaving her there alone.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: The Aston-Martin backs away, turns, then heads back down the
text: road as Tilly watches.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE ROAD - DAY
text: PAN on the Aston-Martin as it rounds a bend across froma
text: large green hillside. A factory complex at the base of the
text: hillside comes into view. A sign on its main building says,
scene_heading: "AURIC ENTERPRISES."
text: The car stops across from the factory and Bond looks over at
dialog: it.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - THE MAIN BUILDING
text: is an imposing edifice.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: gazes at the complex then leans forward and looks up higher.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOND'S CAR
text: He drives off. TILT UP to the top of the hillside.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS ABOVE THE FACTORY - DAY
text: Bond, with a pair of binoculars around his neck, walks down
text: from the crest of the hill. PAN on him till the factory below
text: comes into view. He sits under a tree with his back to us and
text: looks through the binoculars at the factory.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE FACTORY
text: Goldfinger's Rolls Royce sits in front of one of the
text: buildings. Two GUARDS in blue jumpsuits tied with yellow
text: sashes look inside it as THREE OTHER GUARDS approach.
scene_heading: ANGLE OVER BOND
text: He rests his arms on his knees.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - NIGHT
text: Bond sits on the hillside again, arms on knees, but dressed
text: all in black. He glances at his watch.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: overlooking the factory. Lights show in some of the windows.
text: Bond starts to creep down the hill. He wears a black
dialog: backpack.
text: AT THE BASE OF THE HILL
text: Bond runs from the hillside onto a factory road, crosses it
text: and stops beside a brick building. He flattens his back
text: against it for a moment then moves on.
text: Just then two men in blue jumpsuits round the far corner of
text: the building, speaking together in Korean.
text: A CONCRETE BUILDING
text: DOLLY BACK and PAN on Bond as he passes the building. The
text: shadows of the other men cross it. He looks back then runs
dialog: ahead.
text: AT THE SIDE OF THE BUILDING
text: Bond rounds the corner and leans back against the building,
text: then glances back. The other men round the corner of the
text: building behind him. They are laughing.
text: Bond runs off, passing some metal drums and a sign on a wall
text: that says, in German, "EINTRITT STRENGSTENS VERBOTEN" ("entry
text: strictly forbidden"). He quickly finds himself in a dead-end,
text: blocked by another building. He looks back desperately.
text: ALONGSIDE THE BRICK BUILDING
text: The two guards continue forward.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: runs back past the sign, mounts a fire-escape ladder and
text: starts climbing up. He stops on a ledge, then climbs up to
dialog: the next level.
speaker_heading: ON A LEDGE
text: Louvers on the building's windows provide ventilation. Bond
text: comes around the corner, stopping on the ledge near the
text: louvers. He looks down to see the two guards turn the other
text: way. Then he turns to the louvers and looks inside.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - INSIDE THE BUILDING
text: Goldfinger's Rolls is partially dismantled. WORKERS -- all of
text: them wearing blue jumpsuits and yellow sashes -- pass to and
text: from it as red smoke rises from a furnace in b.g.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: tilts the louvers so he can have a better view. He looks
text: inside again.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - INT. FACTORY - SAME TIME
text: The Roll's grill is in f.g. A worker removes one of the
text: golden headlamps, walks back and sets it down. Meanwhile two
text: others remove one of the golden doors, carry it back and set
dialog: it down.
text: At the same time, Goldfinger and LING -- a Chinese operative
text: in a Mao jacket -- approach from b.g.:
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Smuggling is an art, Mister Ling...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON OTHER WORKERS
text: They pour molten gold into an ingot mold.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: and art requires...
text: Steam sounds from the melted gold, drowning out the rest of
dialog: his sentence.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: In this case, the bodywork of my
text: Rolls Royce is eighteen carat gold.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOND
text: keeps looking in through the louvers, excited at his find.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: Goldfinger escorts Ling past a dolly bearing gold ingots.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: We dismantle it here. We reduce
dialog: the gold in this special furnace,
dialog: which in turn...
dialog: (noise drowns him out)
dialog: . weighing approximately two
dialog: tons.
text: He raises his fist to his mouth, coughing, then leads Ling
dialog: off.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I make six trips a year to the
text: continent in the Rolls Royce,
dialog: Mister Ling...
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: Bond looks downward in satisfaction. He has solved his case.
text: He looks again through the louvers, then suddenly looks to the
dialog: side.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE FACTORY ENTRANCE
text: Ling exits the factory then leans against a railing as
text: Goldfinger follows.
speaker_heading: LING
dialog: Perhaps it would be wiser to
dialog: suspend your other activities.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Now, Mister Ling, please assure
dialog: your principals Operation Grand
dialog: Slam will have my undivided
dialog: attention.
text: Goldfinger leads him down a few steps and around a corner of
dialog: the building.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Now, there are certain matters we
dialog: must discuss...
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BOND
text: TILT UP as he rises above the louvers, looks to one side and
text: moves off.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BRICK BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Bond runs along the side of the building. He stops, planting
text: his back again it, then darts to the bottom of the hillside.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF HILLSIDE - NIGHT
text: Bond jumps over some barbed wired and heads into the woods.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: IN THE WOODS - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: - Bond sits on the ground and removes his backpack, looking
text: down at the factory. He rubs his left arm. Suddenly he hears
text: a TWIG SNAP and looks up.
text: - Someone is moving through the trees.
text: - Bond runs forward then dives onto his belly.
text: - He looks forward then lowers his head again.
text: - The other person continues through the trees.
text: - Bond lowers his head further then looks up.
text: - The other person stalks forward holding a rifle.
text: - Bond rounds the side of a tree and looks ahead.
text: - The other person moves further ahead, then lies down prone
text: and aims the rifle forward.
text: - Bond dives at the shooter as the rifle is cocked. He
text: pounces. The rifle's barrel tilts up, snagging a wire.
scene_heading: IN THE FACTORY
text: - A red light suddenly glows on a sensor board accompanied by
text: a wailing sound.
text: - WIDER ANGLE: A Korean guard gets on a phone as another looks
text: at the board.
text: IN THE WOODS
text: Bond rolls over holding the shooter. Her face enters the
text: moonlight. It is Tilly.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: Let me go! You're breaking my
dialog: back!
text: Bond recognizes her but keeps holding her.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: What the hell are you doing here?
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: I want to kill him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Kill who?
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well I want him alive.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: I want him dead. He killed my
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: T.M. Tilly Masterson! I knew your
dialog: sister, Jill. I know what he died
text: to her in Miami.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: No you don't! Let me go!
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: If you wanted to kill him, why did
dialog: you shoot at me?
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: I didn't! I was shooting at him!
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, you're a lousy shot.
text: A rifle fires.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: But somebody else around here
dialog: isn't. Come on!
text: He pulls her to her feet as a rifle fires again. They run
text: into the woods.
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOT - IN THE WOODS
text: Bond and Tilly run through the woods, then suddenly stop and
dialog: look ahead.
scene_heading: THEIR POV - A KOREAN GUARD
text: stands between two Mercedes Benz cars and calls out in Korean.
scene_heading: TWO OTHER GUARDS
text: in the woods hear him and turn forward.
scene_heading: BOND AND TILLY
text: PAN on them as they run to Bond's Aston-Martin. A guard
text: blocks their path.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Quick! Get in the car! I'll take
dialog: care of him.
text: Tilly runs toward the Aston-Martin.
text: Bond grabs the guard from behind and smashes his head against
text: the first Mercedes. The guard drops to the ground. Bond
text: jumps forward.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - THE CHASE
text: - ANGLE ON THE ASTON-MARTIN: Tilly is already inside. Bond
text: bounds into the driver's seat and starts the engine. The
text: headlights go on.
text: - Three Korean guards run through the woods.
text: - The Aston-Martin takes off. PAN over as the three Koreans
text: arrive at the first Mercedes.
text: - Another three Koreans run around the front of the second
text: Mercedes, yelling in Korean.
text: - ON THE ROAD: The doors of the second Mercedes slam shut as
text: it takes off.
text: - WIDER ANGLE: It passes the first Mercedes where the other
text: three Koreans are lifting their comatose companion.
text: - ON THE ROAD: PAN on the Aston-Martin as it races by.
text: - PAN on the second Mercedes as it races after it.
text: - The first Mercedes takes off.
text: - Bond looks in his rearview mirror. Tilly looks back.
text: - PAN on the second Mercedes as it races after them. A guard
text: with a machine gun leans out the rear window on the driver's
dialog: side.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - THE GUNMAN: He fires at the Aston-Martin.
text: - Tilly ducks then looks at Bond.
text: - Bond looks in the rearview mirror then down at the console.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - THE CONSOLE: Bond's hand opens it to reveal
text: the defense mechanism controls.
text: - Bond looks in the rearview mirror again.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - THE CONSOLE: His finger flips a switch.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: - EXT. WOODS - SAME TIME: The Aston-Martin races by trailing
text: white smoke.
text: - Tilly looks at Bond and smiles in delight.
text: - Bond grins, knowing he's showing his prowess.
text: - ON THE ROAD: Bond's car races by, trailing darker smoke.
text: - The second Mercedes enters the haze.
text: - CLOSER: The men in the second Mercedes are dumbfounded.
text: - ON THE ROAD: The second Mercedes runs off the road and
text: crashes into a tree.
text: - The first Mercedes enters the haze.
text: - CLOSER: There are four men inside and all are dumbfounded.
text: The driver peers through the haze.
text: - ON THE ROAD: The first Mercedes emerges from the smoke and
text: passes the second Mercedes. A guard in the passenger seat
text: fires a pistol out the window and a guard in the rear seat on
text: the driver's side fires a machine gun.
text: - Bond looks in his rearview mirror as Tilly ducks at the ping
text: of bullets bouncing off the car. Headlights are visible
text: behind them.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - THE GUNMAN WITH THE PISTOL: keeps firing.
text: - ON THE ROAD: PAN on Bond's car as it races by.
text: - Bond drives with steely determination, headlights visible
text: behind him.
text: - ON THE ROAD: The first Mercedes keeping following, gunmen
text: continuing to fire out the windows.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - THE GUNMAN WITH THE PISTOL: fires again.
text: - Bond keeps his eyes on he road.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - THE CONSOLE: Bond's finger flips another
dialog: switch.
text: - Oil shots out from a tail fin.
text: - ON THE ROAD: The first Mercedes rounds a corner.
text: - Bond looks in the rearview mirror again.
text: - The tail fin continues to shoot oil.
dialog: 70.
text: - ON THE ROAD: The first Mercedes slides through the oil
text: slick and skids out-of-control off-screen.
text: - LONG SHOT - A CLIFF: The first Mercedes sails over the
text: cliff and bursts into flames on the way down.
text: - A FACTORY ROAD: The Mercedes slides across the road.
text: - THE BRICK BUILDING: It crashes into the building. Two
text: guards run toward it with fire extinguishers.
text: - ON THE ROAD: PAN on the Aston-Martin as it races past.
text: - BOND AND TILLY: They are calmer now, looking ahead.
text: - ON THE ROAD: PAN on the second Mercedes which is suddenly
text: chasing them again, a gunman leaning out the window.
text: - BOND AND TILLY: Bullets fire at them from behind.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - BOND: glances in the rearview mirror, annoyed.
text: - BOND'S POV: They reach a fork in the road. They almost go
dialog: right, then take the left branch.
text: - Tilly looks ahead then glances at Bond.
text: - Bond glances back at her then looks ahead.
text: - THEIR POV: Lights suddenly appear in front of them.
text: - Bond grimaces as he hits the brakes.
text: - FRONT ANGLE: DOLLY BACK as the Aston-Martin screeches to a
text: halt, then TILT DOWN to reveal it is on a cliff.
text: - CLOSER ANGLE - BOND AND TILLY: Bond glances in the rearview
text: mirror as the Mercedes screeches to a halt behind them.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - THE CONSOLE: Bond flips another switch.
text: - ANGLE ON THE REAR OF HIS CAR: The rear bullet-proof screen
text: rises.
scene_heading: - ANGLE ON THE WINDSHIELD
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Run for that bracken when I tell
dialog: you.
text: Bond jumps out of the car with a pistol in his right hand and
text: ducks behind the open door. A guard ahead calls out in
text: Korean. Bond fires through an open window.
dialog: 71.
text: - One of the guards falls dead.
dialog: - Tilly ducks.
text: - FRONT ANGLE: Bond fires again.
text: - Two Koreans fire back.
scene_heading: - THE BULLET-PROOF SCREEN: takes some bullets.
text: - Bond, still aiming his gun, glances over at Tilly.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Now!
text: - Tilly jumps out of the car. CRANE UP as she runs into the
dialog: woods.
dialog: - Bond fires again.
text: - The Koreans fire back.
text: - Bond ducks behind the car door as bullets hit it.
text: - REAR ANGLE ON TILLY: She continues running into the forest.
text: ANOTHER MERCEDES: has just pulled up. Oddjob emerges from
text: the back seat and aims his hat. PAN on his hat as he throws
text: - LONG SHOT: Tilly keeps running through the woods as the hat
text: flies at her.
text: - CLOSE SHOT: The hat strikes her in the neck and she drops.
text: - Tilly lands on the ground.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 5. START REEL 6.]
text: - Bond looks over at Tilly then back at Oddjob.
text: - Oddjob steps forward.
text: - Bond rises and runs off.
text: - WIDER ANGLE: PAN on Bond as he runs into the woods, then
text: Oddjob comes into view. He strides forward, following, then a
text: Korean guard follows him.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TILLY
text: She lies in f.g. Bond approaches and feels her neck. DOLLY
text: IN as he turns her onto her back. He feels her wrist.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOND
text: He leans back realizing she is dead.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - TILLY
text: looks serene as she lies there.
scene_heading: ANGLE OVER BOND
text: A number of armed Koreans approach in b.g., Oddjob front among
text: them. He stops, looking over Bond's shoulder. Bond looks
text: back at him.
speaker_heading: ODDJOB
dialog: (giving orders to the
dialog: others)
dialog: Aagh! Aagh!
text: The others step forward.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: The Koreans lift Tilly's body and carry it off as Bond rises.
text: Meanwhile Oddjob crosses in f.g. and picks up his hat.
text: ANGLE ON THE WOODS
text: PAN as guards lead Bond back to his Aston-Martin. One of them
text: aims a pistol at him, yells in Korean and gets into the
text: passenger seat. Bond climbs into the driver's seat. They
text: both close their doors. Bond revs the engine and backs up.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TO FACTORY GATE - NIGHT
text: A caravan passes by -- first a Mercedes, then Bond driving his
text: Aston-Martin, then another Mercedes. They slow to a stop.
scene_heading: IN THE ASTON-MARTIN
text: Bond looks forward in anger as the guard beside him grips his
dialog: pistol.
scene_heading: EXT. GATEHOUSE - NIGHT - SAME TIME
text: One of the Mercedes honks its horn.
text: ANGLE ON THE HOUSE
text: An OLD GERMAN WOMAN in the kitchen, peeling potatoes, wipes
text: her hands together then against her apron. PAN on her as she
text: walks to the front door, opens it, steps out onto the porch
text: and walks to a barricade as the three cars wait.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: AT THE BARRICADE
text: The old woman pushes down on her end of the barricade, raising
dialog: it.
scene_heading: TWO-SHOT - BOND AND HIS GUARD
text: Bond glances over at the old woman as the guard looks
text: impassively at Bond.
speaker_heading: THE OLD WOMAN
text: curtsies to Bond.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks at her then turns forward again and gives us an "Oliver
text: Hardy camera look" of total exasperation.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOND'S GEARSHIFT
text: His hand shifts it into gear.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - THE GUARDHOUSE
text: The caravan starts moving forward as the old woman holds up
text: the barricade.
speaker_heading: IN BOND'S CAR
text: He glances at his passenger then looks down.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOND'S GEAR LEVER
text: His hand grips it, ready to flip the top open.
speaker_heading: IN BOND'S CAR
text: He looks again at the guard then looks forward again.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE GEARSHIFT
text: Bond's hand suddenly pulls the level downward.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - THE CHASE
text: - The first Mercedes turns to the left.
text: - BOND: His face registers excitement as he switches gears
dialog: again.
text: - CLOSE-SHOT - THE GEARSHIFT: Bond's hand shifts it upwards
dialog: again.
dialog: 74.
text: - AT THE GUARDHOUSE: The Aston-Martin suddenly speeds off to
dialog: the right.
text: - IN THE ASTON-MARTIN: The guard aims his pistol at Bond's
dialog: head.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - THE GEARSHIFT: Bond's thumb pops the top off,
text: revealing the red button.
text: - TWO-SHOT: DOLLY IN on Bond as he readies his trick.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - THE GEARSHIFT: Bond's thumb presses the red
dialog: button.
text: - THE KOREAN: He looks up as the roof above him suddenly pops
text: off and he is propelled upwards.
text: - CLOSE-UP - BOND: looks up at him.
text: - WIDE ANGLE - THE FACTORY: With a scream, the Korean, along
text: with his seat, flies up through the roof of the Aston-Martin
text: and lands on the ground.
text: - BOND: looks behind him and backs up.
text: - LONG SHOT - THE ASTON-MARTIN: backs up almost striking four
text: Korean guards running toward it.
text: - OVER BOND'S SHOULDER: He steers to the side.
text: - EXT. THE ASTON-MARTIN: speeds off leaving eight guards
text: behind, including the one who lies prone on the ground as
text: three others surround him.
text: - OVER BOND'S SHOULDER: He races forward, serving to avoid a
text: number of Koreans who appear in front of him.
text: - THE ASTON-MARTIN: PAN as it races past the Koreans.
text: - THE OLD GERMAN WOMAN: She suddenly lunges into position in
text: the road ahead of us aiming a machine gun.
text: - Bond looks at her in amazement.
text: - The old woman starts firing.
text: - OVER BOND'S SHOULDER: He approaches her as she fires at his
text: windshield. Bullets leave cracks in it.
text: - Bond turns his steering wheel to the side.
text: - The old woman keeps firing.
text: - The Aston-Martin races across her lawn as she keeps firing.
dialog: 75.
text: - KOREANS IN F.G.: stand at their Mercedes. Bond races past
text: them, nearly smashing them against their car.
text: - THREE OTHER KOREANS: fire at him as he races past them. He
text: continues past a factory building where other Koreans dive out
dialog: of the way.
text: - Bond looks through his bullet-strewn windshield.
text: - WIDE ANGLE: The Aston-Martin nearly runs into other
text: Koreans, then veers to the side.
text: - A FACTORY ROAD: The Aston-Martin rounds the corner of a
text: building in b.g. and races forward. PAN on it as it veers
text: left, knocking over drums and boxes.
text: - ON THE ROAD: A Mercedes round the same corner and nearly
text: runs over three Koreans in f.g., who dive aside, then veers
dialog: left after Bond.
dialog: - Bond keeps driving.
text: - TRUCKING SHOT: The Aston-Martin races forward at incredible
text: speed, rounding the corners of buildings.
text: - Bond looks ahead.
text: - WIDE ANGLE: PAN on the Aston-Martin as it races past.
text: - SAME ANGLE: PAN on the Mercedes as it races after him.
text: - CLOSER: The Aston-Martin races by followed by the Mercedes.
text: - Bond turns the steering wheel, screeching into a turn.
text: - TRACKING SHOT: The Aston-Martin rounds a corner and races
dialog: right at us.
text: - REVERSE ANGLE: The Aston-Martin races into the distance.
text: The Mercedes crosses an intersection with the same road.
text: - The Mercedes screeches around the corner of a building as
text: men lean out the windows with their guns.
text: - Bond looks ahead, concerned.
text: - BOND'S POV: The headlights of another vehicle seem to
text: approach him.
text: - Bond looks ahead with a steely expression.
text: - BOND'S POV: The headlights continue to approach.
text: - Bond glances from side to side.
dialog: 76.
text: - OVER BOND'S SHOULDER: The headlights continue to approach.
text: Bond shields his eyes.
text: - CLOSE SHOT - THE CONSOLE: Bond's fingers press a button.
text: - ANGLE ON THE ASTON-MARTIN'S GRILL: A headlight lowers
text: revealing a machine gun that starts firing.
text: - PAN along the side of a building a bullets hit it.
text: - The machine guns continue to fire.
text: - The oncoming headlights keep approaching.
text: - Bond holds his hand in front of his face.
text: - The oncoming headlights keep approaching.
text: - Bond throws the steering wheel to the side.
text: EXT. FACTORY ROAD: The Aston-Martin crashes into a wall and
text: bricks fall atop it.
text: - A Mercedes pulls up and stops, its yellow headlight right in
dialog: our face.
text: ANGLE ON THE MERCEDES
text: Oddjob alights from the back seat, other Koreans following
text: with their guns. Oddjob crosses to the crashed Aston-Martin;
text: a pillar lays atop it. He looks up.
scene_heading: ODDJOB'S POV - A MIRROR
text: It is mounted above them and reflects the Aston-Martin and
text: Oddjob grinning.
speaker_heading: ODDJOB
text: turns aside.
speaker_heading: THE MIRROR
text: shows him moving to the Aston-Martin's driver's door.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Oddjob opens the door. Bond's head falls backwards from the
text: seat, unconscious.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: INT. LASER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bond lies in darkness on his back on a metal table. He comes
text: to. DOLLY BACK as he struggles to rise. He finds his arms
text: and legs are tied to the table.
text: The lights come on with a swooshing sound. Bond looks to one
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: Good evening, double-o-seven.
text: Bond looks the other way.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - THE LASER ROOM
text: The table is in the middle of the room. A laser gun is aimed
text: just behind Bond's head.
text: Beyond him, stairs lead up to a control room. Goldfinger
text: walks down the stairs, wearing a gold dinner jacket, a shirt
text: with gold buttons and a black bow-tie. Behind him are LING,
text: KISCH, MELLINGER and THREE GUARDS.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: My name is James Bond.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: (slipping his hands
dialog: into his pockets)
dialog: And members of your curious
dialog: profession are few in number.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Goldfinger approaches the table.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: You have been recognized -- let's
dialog: say by one of your opposite
dialog: numbers, who is also licensed to
dialog: kill. -- Oh, that interesting car
dialog: of yours!
text: PAN on Goldfinger as he moves to the right. The laser gun
text: comes into view. Goldfinger wipes his eye and laughs.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I, too, have a new toy, but
text: considerably more practical.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: glances up at the laser gun.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: You are looking at an industrial
dialog: laser...
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE LASER GUN
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: . which emits an extraordinary
dialog: light, not to be found in nature.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: looks down at him and paces back past the table.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: It can project a spot on the moon
dialog: -- or, at closer range, cut through
dialog: solid metal. I will show you.
text: Goldfinger turns and snaps his fingers at the control room.
text: Delsing flips a switch as Kisch, Ling and Wong look on.
text: The barrel of the laser gun moves down Bond's torso. He
text: raises himself onto his elbows and looks at it.
text: TILT UP to show its blue coils gleaming as it keeps moving
text: downwards.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE LASER ROOM
text: The barrel of the laser gun comes to rest, aiming between
text: Bond's legs. Suddenly the laser light goes on, gleaming red.
text: Bond looks down at it.
text: The laser beam starts cutting the outer edge of the tabletop
text: which is gold-coloured.
text: Goldfinger looks down smiling.
text: Bond looks down not smiling.
text: The laser beam continues burning through the table-top.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - BOND AND GOLDFINGER
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (pointing to the table-top)
dialog: This is gold, Mister Bond. All my
dialog: life I've been in love with its
dialog: colour, its brilliance, its divine
dialog: heaviness.
text: Bond looks up at Goldfinger then down at his legs.
dialog: 79.
text: The laser beam keeps cutting through the table-top, moving
text: toward Bond's crotch.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I welcome any enterprise which will
dialog: increase my stock, which is
dialog: considerable.
text: Bond looks at Goldfinger then down at his crotch again.
text: The laser beam keeps cutting through the table-top.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I think you've made your point,
dialog: Goldfinger. Thank you for the
dialog: demonstration.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (studying the beam)
dialog: Choose your next witticism
dialog: carefully, Mister Bond. It may be
dialog: your last.
text: The laser beam continues cutting upwards. Bond looks at it
text: then up at Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: The purpose of our two previous
dialog: encounters is now very clear to me.
dialog: I do not intend to be distracted by
dialog: another. Good-night, Mister Bond.
text: Goldfinger turns away.
text: Bond looks from Goldfinger to a spot between his legs. The
text: laser beam keeps cutting upwards toward his crotch.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
text: Bond lies in f.g. on the table as Goldfinger starts walking up
text: the steps to the control booth, his left hand in his pocket.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Do you expect me to talk?
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: stops on the steps and looks down, both hands in his pockets.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: No, Mister Bond. I expect you to
dialog: die!
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - BOND AND GOLDFINGER
text: Bond looks up at him.
text: Goldfinger continues up the steps.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: There is nothing you can talk to me
dialog: about that I don't already know.
text: Bond looks at the laser beam. It keeps cutting through the
text: table-top. Bond tries to think of something to say.
text: IN THE CONTROL BOOTH
text: Goldfinger talks animatedly to Ling. Kisch and Delsing look
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks down at the laser beam. It keeps cutting upwards toward
text: his crotch. He turns sideways.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (calling)
dialog: You're forgetting one thing!
text: Goldfinger and Ling turn to look at him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: If I fail to report, double-o-eight
dialog: replaces me!
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I trust he will be more successful!
text: Goldfinger touches Ling's arm and they turn away.
text: Bond looks down at the laser beam again. It keeps cutting
text: toward his crotch.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, he knows what I know!
text: Goldfinger looks back
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: You know nothing, Mister Bond!
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Operation Grand Slam, for instance!
dialog: 81.
text: GOLDFINGER AND LING
text: Ling freezes and looks at Bond but Goldfinger keeps his cool.
text: He watches Bond and the laser beam about to slice into him.
text: Goldfinger steps forward smirking as Ling looks imploringly at
dialog: him.
text: Bond looks up at Goldfinger. The laser beam keeps cutting.
text: Bond looks at Goldfinger again.
text: Goldfinger stands consulting with Ling and Kisch.
text: Bond looks again at the tabletop. The beam keeps cutting.
text: Goldfinger continues consulting with the others.
text: Bond looks down at the beam. It is almost at his crotch.
text: Bond looks up.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Bond in f.g. again, Goldfinger beyond in the control room.
text: Goldfinger turns to Bond.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Two words you may have overheard
dialog: which cannot possibly have any
dialog: significance to you or anyone in
dialog: your organization.
text: As Goldfinger talks, Bond looks in exasperation at the
text: approaching laser beam. It slices easily through the metal.
text: Goldfinger steps forward smugly.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Can you afford to take that chance?
text: Goldfinger hesitates. Bond looks over at him, then back at
text: the table. The beam keeps cutting.
text: Bond looks at Goldfinger again. Goldfinger smiles, relenting.
text: He turns back and snaps his fingers (soundlessly) at his
dialog: assistants.
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT
text: The laser beam switches off as Kisch walks down the steps from
text: the control room.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks up at the laser gun then down at his legs.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: You are quite right, Mister Bond.
dialog: You are worth more to me alive.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: As Bond lies in f.g. and Goldfinger looks on, Kisch approaches
dialog: the table.
text: Bond looks up at Kisch, then Goldfinger, then Kisch. Kisch
text: raises a large pistol and points it at Bond's chest.
text: Goldfinger looks on smugly as Kisch aims.
text: Kisch fires the pistol; it makes a thumping sound. Bond's
text: head lowers to the tabletop.
text: Goldfinger looks on with even greater smugness.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: We see the entire tableau -- Bond unconscious, Kisch beside
text: him and Goldfinger looking on.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. JET PLANE - FLYING - DAY
text: Bond lies sleeping in a seat. We hear the hum of the engines.
text: He comes to and looks up, surprised.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - PUSSY GALORE
text: She is out-of-focus, then comes into focus peering at him.
text: She smiles.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - BOND AND PUSSY
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: My name is Pussy Galore.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I must be dreaming.
text: Pussy looks down at him. Bond looks back at her. She keeps
text: looking at him.
text: Bond feels his chest.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I thought I'd wake up dead.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: (holding up a pistol)
text: Tranquilizer gun. Knockout shot.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I see. Well, I 'm delighted to be
dialog: here.
text: DOLLY BACK as Pussy walks away.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: And, uh, by the way: where is here?
text: Pussy sets the pistol down and looks out the window.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
text: Thirty-five thousand feet, flying
text: south-west over Newfoundland.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, that explains the humming.
text: DOLLY BACK IN.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: The humming means you're on Mister
text: Goldfinger's Jet-Star heading for
dialog: Baltimore. And you're his guest.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I'm honoured. I never realized he
dialog: enjoyed my company that much.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: I don't suppose it will be all fun
dialog: and games.
dialog: (calling off)
dialog: Mei Li!
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: An Oriental stewardess in a gold top -- MEI LI -- steps toward
dialog: Bond.
speaker_heading: MEI LI
dialog: Can I do something for you, Mister
dialog: Bond?
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: BOND AND PUSSY
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Uh, just a drink. A martini,
text: shaken, not stirred.
text: Mei Li bows to him and walks off. Bond looks at her butt then
text: swivels in his chair to face Pussy.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Won't you join me?
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Not on duty. I'm Mister
text: Goldfinger's personal pilot.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You are? And, uh, just how
dialog: personal is that?
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: (glaring back at him)
dialog: I'm a damned good pilot. Period.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, that's good news. And by the
dialog: way, where is our host?
speaker_heading: PUSSY
text: He flew on ahead.
text: PAN OVER from Bond to include Mei Li approaching him with a
text: golden cup on a tray. Bond takes the cup.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Thank you.
text: Mei Li turns away. Bond looks at her butt again then faces
text: forward and raises his drink.
text: Pussy looks at a clipboard.
text: Bond sips his drink.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, here's to Operation Grand
dialog: Slam.
text: Pussy, ignoring him, puts the clipboard away. Bond watches
text: her. Pussy opens the door to the cabin.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: This should be a memorable flight.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: You can turn off the charm. I'm
dialog: immune.
text: Bond sips his drink then swivels again in his chair, looking
text: back at Mei Li. She stands in b.g. at the bar.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE - FLYING - DAY
text: The plane flies through very light clouds.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 6. START REEL 7.]
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - SAME TIME
text: Pussy sits in the pilot's seat beside a female co-pilot,
text: SYDNEY. Pussy picks up a microphone.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: (speaking into the mic)
dialog: We'll be landing in Baltimore...
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: Bond hears Pussy's voice over a speaker. He holds a brandy
text: snifter. Mei Li stands in b.g.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... our port of entry into the
dialog: United States, in fifty-five
dialog: minutes.
text: Bond rises. DOLLY IN as he walks to Mei Li.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Mei Li, I would like to arrive
dialog: more, uh, appropriately dressed.
text: (he sits on a barstool)
dialog: Did any of my luggage survive with
dialog: me?
text: She starts to reach down.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Ah!
text: He reaches in front of her and picks up his suitcase.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: And, uh, my attaché case?
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MEI LI
dialog: Black attaché case damaged when
dialog: examined. So sorry.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Apologies quite unnecessary.
text: Bond rises. Mei Li gestures ahead of him. He opens a padded
text: door to the washroom and goes inside.
text: IN THE WASHROOM
text: Bond shuts the door behind him.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: Sydney is reading a magazine. A red light behind her blinks
text: with a beeping sound.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Sydney, tell Mei Li to keep an eye
text: on him.
text: Sydney sets down her magazine, removes her headphones and
text: rises.
text: IN THE WASHROOM
text: Bond opens his suitcase and takes out a shaving kit. He sets
text: it by the sink.
text: Then he takes out a gray suit on a hanger, He closes the
text: suitcase and reaches up to hang the suit on a hook.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: Bond notices a wall clock.
speaker_heading: STILL CLOSER
text: There is a peephole in it.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - SAME TIME
text: Mei Li looks through a peephole in the washroom door.
text: IN THE WASHROOM
text: Bond leans back against the wall, then takes his suit and
text: hangs it over the clock.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: Mei Li backs away, her view blocked. She moves to a gold
text: portal and opens it, revealing another peephole. She looks
dialog: through it.
text: IN THE WASHROOM
text: Bond opens a cabinet mirror and looks behind it.
text: He holds his hand in front of the mirror and sees it through
text: the back of the mirror.
text: Bond turns, picks up his suitcase and opens it so that the lid
text: blocks the view through the mirror.
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: Mei Lei backs away, her view blocked again.
text: IN THE WASHROOM
text: Bond takes a razor from his shaving kit.
text: He unscrews the handle, drops a mini-Homer device into his
text: hand and primes it. It beeps. He reaches down, slides back
text: the heel of his shoe, inserts the device into a slot and
text: closes the heel.
text: Bond rises, shutting his suitcase and picking up a can of
dialog: shaving cream.
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: Mei Li looks through the peephole again.
text: IN THE WASHROOM
text: Bond has lathered his face. He picks up the shaving cream
text: can, aims it at the mirror and squirts a circle of soap on it.
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: Mei Li backs up, thwarted again, and shuts the portal.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE - FLYING - DAY
text: The plane continues flying through clouds.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - DAY
text: Mei Li dusts a tabletop. Bond emerges from the washroom
text: behind her, wearing a gray suit and vest. DOLLY BACK as he
text: looks ahead at Pussy.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: We'll be landing in twenty minutes.
dialog: Do you want to play it easy...
text: (she aims a revolver
dialog: at him)
dialog: or the hard way? And this
dialog: isn't a tranquilizer.
text: DOLLY BACK to include Pussy as Bond walks up to her.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Uh, Pussy, you know a lot more
dialog: about planes than guns.
text: Pussy looks back at him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: That's a Smith and Wesson forty-
dialog: five. If you fire it at this close
text: range, the bullet will pass through
dialog: me and the fuselage like a
text: blowtorch through butter. The
dialog: cabin will depressurize and we'll
dialog: both be sucked into outer space
dialog: together.
text: (he sits in his
dialog: swivel chair)
dialog: But if that's how you want to enter
dialog: the United States, you're welcome.
dialog: As for me -- I, uh, prefer the
dialog: easier way.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: (looking down at him)
dialog: That's very sensible.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, besides, there's always so
dialog: much going on around Mister
dialog: Goldfinger. Oh, I wouldn't dream
dialog: of not accepting his -- uh,
dialog: hospitality.
text: Pussy approaches him.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: He'll be very glad to see you, too.
dialog: 89.
text: Bond looks up at her. She rubs the barrel of the revolver
text: under his chin.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: You like close shaves, don't you?
text: She turns away. Bond picks up his snifter and sips.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. "M'S" OFFICE - DAY
text: He puts a book in a bookcase, then hears a voice over his
dialog: intercom:
speaker_heading: MISS MONEYPENNY (filtered)
dialog: Washington, sir, on the green
text: scrambler.
text: "mM" hurries to his desk, flips off the intercom, sits and
text: picks up the phone.
dialog: oye
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: "mM" here.
speaker_heading: FELIX (over phone)
dialog: Leiter, sir.
dialog: oye
dialog: Leiter!
scene_heading: INT. FELIX' OFFICE - SAME TIME
text: Felix is on a beige phone. The White House is visible out the
text: window behind him.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: It's about double-o-seven, sir. We
dialog: picked up his Homer signal. It's
dialog: monitored into Friendship Airport,
text: Baltimore, where he's just landed.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - "M" AND FELIX
dialog: oye
dialog: Baltimore! Nice of him to let us
dialog: know. Last we heard, he was in
dialog: Switzerland.
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: He came in on a private jet ex
dialog: Geneva, registered to our old
dialog: friend Auric Goldfinger.
dialog: 90.
dialog: oye
dialog: I'm glad he's making progress.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: oye
dialog: Keep an eye on him for us.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Their flight plan gives Blue Grass
dialog: Field, Kentucky as their final
dialog: destination.
dialog: oye
dialog: Don't charge in on him and spoil
dialog: anything, will you? He's evidently
text: well on top at the moment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE GRASS AIRFIELD - DAY
text: Goldfinger's jet plane taxis by and approaches a hangar where
text: a sign hanging from the roof reads, "PUSSY GALORE'S FLYING
text: CIRCUS." On the side of the plane in gold lettering are the
scene_heading: words "AURIC ENTERPRISES, INC."
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - THE SIGN
text: TILT DOWN to show the plane entering the hangar. Two Koreans
text: await in blue jumpsuits and yellow sashes.
speaker_heading: IN THE HANGAR
text: The plane rolls to a stop. The Koreans approach.
text: The cabin door opens. DOLLY BACK as Mei Li starts to lower
dialog: the steps.
speaker_heading: MEI LI
dialog: Mr. Bond?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: MEI LI
dialog: Please.
text: Bond lowers the steps for her.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Any time.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: MEI LI
dialog: Thank you.
text: Mei Li descends the steps. Bond follows. PAN with them. She
text: starts talking to the two Koreans. PAN back to the plane.
text: Pussy descends the steps. A coat hangs over her arm.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (taking her hand)
dialog: Do mind you step, captain.
text: Pussy pulls back her hand and lifts the coat to reveal she
text: holds a revolver.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Just keep playing it easy.
text: Bond walks on ahead as Pussy turns to Mei Li. (This time
text: Pussy pronounces her last name "lie" instead of "lee.")
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Mei Li, will you see everything's
dialog: arranged for Mister Goldfinger?
speaker_heading: MEI LI
dialog: Of course.
text: Bond strolls to the entrance to the hangar and looks outside.
text: As Pussy approaches him, Bond looks up at the sky.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - PUSSY'S FLYING CIRCUS
text: Five planes fly in a V-formation.
text: Bond keeps looking up.
text: The planes now fly in a circle.
text: Pussy arrives at Bond's side.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Talented chaps.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: They should be. I trained them.
dialog: Come on.
text: TRUCK with them as they walk alongside the hangar.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You're a woman of many parts,
dialog: Pussy. I believe that the bourbon
dialog: and branch water's rather splendid
dialog: here in Kentucky. Now that we're
dialog: off duty, perhaps --
dialog: 92.
text: Just then Oddjob comes into view, standing beside a red
text: station wagon. Two Koreans sit in the back seat. A blue
text: pickup truck is parked behind it.
text: Oddjob glowers at Bond.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Oddjob motions to Bond to get in the car. PAN on Bond as he
text: walks past him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Manners, Oddjob. JI thought you
dialog: always took your hat off to a lady.
text: Bond gets in the back seat. Oddjob slams the door shut and
text: opens the driver's door. Mei Li crosses in b.g., walking to
text: the station wagon with her two Koreans.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON BOND
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You know, he kills little girls
dialog: like you.
text: PAN on Pussy as she walks up to him.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Little boys, too.
text: She bangs twice on the car roof. It drives off. Pussy
text: watches it go then turns aside.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - THE PLANES
text: The five planes fly across a grass field, coming in for a
dialog: landing.
text: Pussy steps forward onto a perimeter track.
text: The planes taxi toward her then come to a stop.
text: From one of the planes, a gorgeous blonde pilot (ALTHEA)
text: emerges. PAN on her as she jogs toward Pussy, revealing the
text: other four planes behind her. From them four more BLONDE
text: PILOTS emerge. They all jog over to Pussy.
text: She looks at them with admiration.
text: PAN on the girls as they reach her.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Well?
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: ALTHEA
dialog: Dress rehearsal went like a dream,
dialog: skipper.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Good. You'll get your final
dialog: briefing tonight. That'll be all
dialog: for now.
text: The girls smile and turn away. Pussy watches them go then
text: turns aside.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. "AURIC STUD" - DAY
text: The station wagon drives through a gateway onto a stud farm.
text: A sign at the entrance reads, "AURIC STUD."
scene_heading: ON A RACE TRACK
text: TRACK BACK as two jockeys harness-race along the track. In
text: b.g., the station wagon passes some buildings and horses ina
text: corral, then stops at a plantation house.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: gets out of the car, followed by Oddjob and the guards.
text: Oddjob motions to Bond to start walking.
speaker_heading: AT A STABLE
text: Goldfinger, wearing brown suit, yellow cap and brown gloves,
text: stands on a step looking at a brown horse held by a TRAINER
text: and GROOM. He sees Bond and steps down. PAN on him as he
text: walks over to Bond; the other men lead the horse away in b.g.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Ah! Welcome to Auric Stud, Mister
dialog: Bond. Lovely animal, isn't she?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (glares at him)
dialog: Certainly better bred than the
dialog: owner.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (gesturing to Oddjob)
dialog: Show Mister Bond to his quarters,
dialog: please.
text: Oddjob and the two guards escort Bond to a staircase that runs
text: down under a wooden building.
dialog: 94.
text: Goldfinger watches with a disappointed expression, then takes
text: off his gloves and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - DAY
text: TRACK BACK as Oddjob and the two guards escort Bond along the
text: corridor. The walls are made of stone and there are elaborate
text: wooden cross-beams.
text: PAN over to reveal a GUARD opening a heavy metal cell door.
text: There is a small barred window in it. Oddjob takes off his
text: hat and motions to Bond. Bond steps inside the cell.
speaker_heading: IN THE CELL
text: Bond looks around as the guard closes the door behind him. He
text: walks over to a grating high in the opposite wall that lets in
text: a little sunshine and air.
text: Bond reaches down, feels a cot and sits on it, legs crossed.
text: DOLLY IN as he taps the heel of his shoe.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - A GREEN SCOPE
text: The indicator light is beeping. Next to it is a Thunderbird
dialog: logo.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - COLONEL SANDERS' RESTAURANT
text: Another C.I.A. man, Johnnie, sits behind the wheel looking at
text: the scope. The beep indicator is stationary.
text: Felix stands outside the car, leaning against it. It is white
text: with a black convertible top.
speaker_heading: JOHNNIE
dialog: Felix?
text: Felix gets in the car beside him.
speaker_heading: JOHNNIE
dialog: Maybe we should just drop in on
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: He'll shout if he needs us.
scene_heading: INT. BOND'S CELL - DAY
text: Bond sits on the cot, his back against the wall, legs extended
text: and arms crossed.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT. VERANDA OF STABLES - DAY
text: Kisch walks into Goldfinger's office, seen through the window.
text: Goldfinger sits at a desk.
speaker_heading: KISCH
dialog: They're all here, Mister
dialog: Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Uh?... Oh, yes... yes.
dialog: (rises and grabs
dialog: his yellow cap)
dialog: Thank you, Kisch.
text: Goldfinger exits through a back door.
scene_heading: INT. GOLDFINGER'S RUMPUS ROOM - DAY
text: Four men (CHANCER, MAXIM, LAURENCE and BRAND) sit on an
text: elevated platform as another man -- SOLO -- paces forward. He
text: wears a black suit and smokes a pipe.
text: TRACK BACK as Solo passes a pool table where three men are
text: playing (EDWARDS, BRANDON and STRAP).
scene_heading: ANGLE ON A BAR
text: Three other men sit at the bar (RABIN, MCCARTHY and MIDNIGHT).
speaker_heading: MCCARTHY
dialog: That guy Solo's gonna wear a hole
text: in shoes.
text: TRACK IN as Solo walks past the bar then stops, hearing a man
dialog: laugh.
scene_heading: A WOODEN HORSE
text: HURNDALL laughs as he rides a wooden horse. TRACK BACK to
text: show it is being rocked by BASKERVILLE. Solo stands in b.g.
text: watching, then turns away. Further back is a central
dialog: fireplace.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: enters the room waving his cap.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Gentlemen!
text: Men all over the room stop what they're doing and look at him.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: MIDNIGHT
dialog: Goldfinger, why weren't we told
dialog: that New York and the West Coast
dialog: were in on this?
speaker_heading: LAURENCE
dialog: Look who's talking!
text: TRACK BACK on Goldfinger as he walks past Strap and Solo.
speaker_heading: STRAP
dialog: I do not do business with Chicago!
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I thought we had a private business
dialog: deal to settle. Now I find I'm
dialog: attending a hoods' convention!
text: Goldfinger stops at the pool table.
speaker_heading: STRAP
dialog: Goldfinger, I made a delivery.
dialog: Where is my money?
speaker_heading: LAURENCE
dialog: I made a delivery, too.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: (leaning on the pool
dialog: table)
dialog: You all made the deliveries we
dialog: contracted for.
speaker_heading: MIDNIGHT
dialog: And you owe me one million bucks.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I owe each of you a million -- in
dialog: gold bullion.
speaker_heading: STRAP
dialog: So pay.
text: Goldfinger rolls a ball across the table.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Gentlemen, you can have the million
dialog: today...
text: (he picks up another
text: ball then sets it
dialog: down for emphasis)
dialog: or ten millions tomorrow!
speaker_heading: STRAP
dialog: Did you say ten million?
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: AS soon as my bank opens in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Banks don't open on Sunday.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: My bank will!
text: Goldfinger laughs. TILT DOWN as he reaches under the pool
text: table and flips a switch. The sound of a motor humming begins
text: and the pool table starts moving.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - AROUND THE ROOM
text: The pool table revolves counter-clockwise and the tabletop
text: inverts to reveal a console.
speaker_heading: STRAP
dialog: What's with that trick pool table?
text: Goldfinger crosses to the console as the table stops moving
text: and the humming ends.
text: He reaches out and turns three white dials. Indicator lights
text: go on and another humming sound starts.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 7. START REEL 8.]
text: A large wood panel lowers over the windows.
speaker_heading: LAURENCE
dialog: Cover him!
speaker_heading: STRAP
dialog: Hey, cover those doors!
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Turn those lights back on!
text: Three gangsters back up in the dark.
text: A large aerial photograph rises from the floor and interior
text: lights go on.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: There is no cause for alarm,
dialog: gentlemen.
text: He turns a black knob. The humming sound increases. He looks
dialog: up.
text: The large photograph flattens against the wall as side panels
text: come into place beside it.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: LAURENCE (0.S.)
dialog: I don't like being cooped up like
dialog: this. -- What's that map doing
dialog: there?
text: Goldfinger takes a pool cue from a rack by the table. PAN on
text: him as he crosses to the aerial photo. It depicts Fort Knox
text: and the surrounding area.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (pointing with the cue)
dialog: This is my bank. The gold
dialog: depository at Fort Knox, gentlemen.
text: In its vaults are fifteen billion
dialog: dollars -- the entire gold supply
dialog: of the United States.
speaker_heading: STRAP
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Knock off Fort Knox?!
text: The gangsters laugh at him.
speaker_heading: LAURENCE
dialog: Got a key or somethin'?
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Of a kind.
text: PAN on him as he walks back to the console.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: There are thirty-five thousand
text: troops stationed around there.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (setting down the cue)
dialog: Forty-one thousand.
speaker_heading: MIDNIGHT
dialog: And who's going to say "boo" to
dialog: them, Goldfinger?
text: Goldfinger turns the white dials again and the humming sound
dialog: resumes.
text: The bar starts to swivel around and the centre of the floor
text: retracts, revealing a hidden model of Fort Knox. The
text: gangsters panic.
speaker_heading: MIDNIGHT
dialog: Hey, what's going on here?!
scene_heading: ANOTHER GANGSTER
dialog: Hey, what is this?!
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: ANOTHER GANGSTER
dialog: It's the floor!
scene_heading: ANOTHER GANGSTER
dialog: Say, what is this, a merry-go-
dialog: round?!
text: The bar swivels into a new position. Goldfinger looks off. A
text: lighting apparatus lowers from the ceiling above the model.
text: The model starts to rise.
text: The gangsters look at it in amazement. Goldfinger approaches
text: the model holding his pool cue.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Man has climbed Mount Everest.
text: Gone to the bottom of the ocean.
text: He has fired rockets to the moon.
dialog: Split the atom. Achieved
dialog: Miracles...
dialog: (the humming stops)
dialog: in every field of human
dialog: endeavor -- except crime!
scene_heading: IN BOND'S CELL
text: Bond paces to the door. He looks out through the bars. A
text: Korean guard sits outside watching him.
text: Bond waves to him. The guard looks back expressionless.
text: Bond turns, paces to the far end of the cell and returns to
dialog: the bars.
text: The guard sits staring at him. Bond waves to him again and
text: turns away. The guard continues to watch expressionless.
text: Bond paces to the bars again and smiles at the guard. The
text: guard stares back. Bond winks at him. The guard stares back.
text: Bond smiles and suddenly lowers himself below the window.
text: The guard keeps looking. Bond is no longer visible.
speaker_heading: THE GUARD
text: gets up, walks to the door and looks through the bars. The
text: cell appears empty.
text: He takes out a gun, unlocks the door and kicks it open.
speaker_heading: IN THE CELL
text: The door slams against the inner wall. The guard walks in.
text: Bond hides above him in the rafters.
dialog: 100.
text: The guard looks around, seeing an empty cell.
text: UPWARD ANGLE ON THE GUARD
text: Bond, above him, braces himself.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: suddenly jumps down. He grabs the guard from behind. They
text: tussle and fall to the floor.
text: They struggle for the gun. Bond slams the guard's hand
text: against the bed frame and the gun falls.
text: The guard shoves Bond against the wall. Bond kicks him under
text: the chin and the guard falls flat on his back.
text: ZIP PAN over to the gun under the cot. Bond takes the gun and
text: his jacket and backs out of the cell as the guard lies
dialog: unconscious in f.g.
scene_heading: IN THE CORRIDOR
text: Bond shuts the cell door behind him, lays the key on a pile of
text: rags and walks down the corridor putting on his jacket.
text: As he nears the end of the corridor, we see a basement control
text: room ahead containing a hydraulic lift and we hear voices from
dialog: above:
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: The underworld will rock with
dialog: applause for centuries.
speaker_heading: MIDNIGHT (0.S.)
dialog: Cut the commercial.
speaker_heading: STRAP (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah, get to the point!
text: IN THE RUMPUS ROOM
text: Seven of the gangsters are lined up on the platform facing
text: Goldfinger. He holds the pool cue and approaches Solo.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You're wasting my time, Goldfinger.
text: The depository is impregnable.
speaker_heading: STRAP
dialog: (steps forward counting
dialog: on his fingers)
dialog: Look, the joint is bomb-proof,
text: electrified, lousy with machine
dialog: guns, tear gas --
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Bear with me, please! Fort Knox is
dialog: a bank, like any other. Larger,
dialog: better protected perhaps, but
dialog: nonetheless a bank!
text: PAN OVER as he points the pool cue at the model.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: It can be, I think the expression
dialog: is, blown.
text: ZOOM IN on the model. Bond's eyes look out through windows in
text: the replica of Fort Knox.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: My plan is foolproof, gentlemen.
scene_heading: UNDER THE MODEL
text: Bond stands on the hydraulic platform. He jumps down, looks
text: around, tears a piece of paper from a rolled-up document and
text: grabs a pencil.
text: He runs back under the model and looks through it again.
text: Meanwhile we hear Goldfinger continue:
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: I call it Operation Grand Slam. I
dialog: have devoted fifteen years of my
dialog: life to it. Every detail has been
text: scrupulously prepared. Every
dialog: eventuality has been considered.
dialog: We'll operate on a split-second
dialog: schedule. Your organization,
dialog: Mister Midnight, brought ina
dialog: consignment of these canisters...
text: IN THE RUMPUS ROOM
text: Goldfinger holds up a gold canister the size of a wine bottle.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: across the Canadian border.
dialog: They contain Delta Nine.
scene_heading: UNDER THE MODEL
text: Bond prepares to write on the piece of paper.
text: IN THE RUMPUS ROOM
speaker_heading: MIDNIGHT
dialog: Delta Nine? What's that?
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (gesturing emphatically)
text: An invisible nerve gas which
text: disperses fifteen minutes after
text: inducing complete unconsciousness
dialog: for twenty-four hours!
text: Goldfinger hands the canister to one of the gangsters and
text: paces past them.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: Tomorrow at dawn, the Flying Circus
dialog: of my personal pilot, Miss Pussy
dialog: Galore...
scene_heading: UNDER THE MODEL
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: ... Will spray it into the
dialog: atmosphere!
text: Bond starts writing. PAN OVER to the piece of paper. He
dialog: writes:
dialog: "Q07 to CIA
scene_heading: AERIAL NERVE GAS
scene_heading: PRECEDES DAWN RAID
speaker_heading: FORT KNOX
dialog: TOMORROW"
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER (0.S.)
dialog: Once the population, including the
dialog: military, has been immobilized, my
dialog: task...
text: IN THE RUMPUS ROOM
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: ... force, which Mr. Strap and his
dialog: people smuggled across the Rio
dialog: Grande from Mexico, will approach
text: Fort Knox in motorized equipment
text: along Bullion Boulevard...
text: He points to the model with the pool cue.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: . which runs past the depository
dialog: here, and intersects with Gold
text: Vault Road. This fence surrounding
dialog: the depository, as Mister Strap
dialog: reminded us, is electrified. It
dialog: will be dynamited. My task force
dialog: will then move to the main entrance
dialog: and demolish it.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: How, may I ask?
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: You made that possible, Mister
dialog: Solo, by arranging, through your
dialog: considerable influence in shipping
dialog: circles, to bring through customs
text: uninspected a consignment labeled
dialog: machine parts. All that will then
text: remain is to descend to the vaults
text: where the bullion is stored.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I've heard enough.
speaker_heading: STRAP
dialog: Let him finish.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: If you have no objection...
dialog: (to Goldfinger)
dialog: I'll take my money now.
speaker_heading: STRAP
dialog: What's the matter, Solo? Too big
dialog: for you to handle?
text: Goldfinger looks over at other gangsters. They look back at
text: him. He looks at another group of gangsters. They look back.
text: Under the model, Bond watches.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Gentlemen, we must respect Mister
dialog: Solo's decision. Please excuse me
dialog: for a few minutes while I take care
dialog: of him. Make yourselves
dialog: comfortable.
text: Goldfinger leads Solo toward the door.
scene_heading: UNDER THE MODEL
text: Bond takes the Homer from his heel, folds the paper around it
text: and slips it into his pocket.
text: He looks through the model again. He hears general hubbub
text: from the gangsters, and a few clear words:
scene_heading: FIRST GANGSTER
dialog: How do we get it out?
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: SECOND GANGSTER
dialog: That's the bit I want to hear.
scene_heading: THIRD GANGSTER
dialog: Yeah, and it had better be good.
text: TILT DOWN to Bond's feet. Suddenly a pair of hands grab his
text: ankles and yank on them. He falls face-down onto the
dialog: platform.
text: The hands pull him back and hurl him against a wall. He turns
text: around and suddenly stops.
text: His assailant is Pussy. She glares at him with her hands on
text: her hips.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Pussy! Well, who taught you judo?
text: She holds her hand out. DOLLY BACK as she steps forward; a
text: guard crosses behind her.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: The gun you took.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh, the gun. The gun, of course.
text: He takes it from his pocket and hands it to her handle-first.
text: She motions to him to go back down the corridor. He starts
text: walking. She hands the gun to one of the guards.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: We must have a few fast falls
dialog: together sometime.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE BASEMENT CONTROL ROOM
text: Kisch steps forward, presses a button and sliding armoured
text: doors glide shut.
scene_heading: IN THE BASEMENT CONTROL ROOM
text: DOLLY after Kisch turns to a control panel and switches on two
text: t.v. monitors. They show different angles on the rumpus room.
text: IN THE RUMPUS ROOM
text: Gangsters hover around the model.
speaker_heading: MIDNIGHT
dialog: Hey, Strap, y'know, if he's got the
dialog: right answers, you and me don't
dialog: even have to be there. The boys
dialog: can handle everything.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: IN THE BASEMENT CONTROL ROOM
text: Kisch dons a gas mask. Then he presses a button on a control
text: panel. Indicator lights go on.
text: ON ONE OF THE MONITORS
text: We see the fireplace hood shut over the grate and some lights
dialog: go off.
text: IN THE RUMPUS ROOMS
text: The gangsters react with panic.
speaker_heading: GANGSTER
dialog: Hey, they closed up the fireplace!
text: PAN over to the wall-sized photo. A shielding lowers over it,
text: sealing the room.
scene_heading: ANOTHER GANGSTER
dialog: I don't like this!
text: Four teargas canisters rise from a console table.
speaker_heading: MIDNIGHT
dialog: What's goin' on here?
scene_heading: IN THE BASEMENT CONTROL ROOM
text: Kisch turns a switch.
scene_heading: THE TEARGAS CANISTERS
text: DOLLY IN as they start hissing.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: Blue lights start flashing. The gangsters choke and run
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: MIDNIGHT
dialog: The gas!
text: Gangsters fall to the ground.
text: The canisters keep hissing.
text: The last of the gangsters drop to the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANTATION HOUSE - DAY
text: A Korean guard loads bars of gold into the trunk of a car.
text: DOLLY BACK to show it is a Cadillac.
dialog: 106.
text: Goldfinger and Solo emerge through the front doorway of the
text: house. Another guard follows behind them with a briefcase and
dialog: overcoat.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Such a pity you did not choose to
dialog: remain with the others, Mister
dialog: Solo. However...
text: The guard closes the trunk. Solo glances up. Goldfinger
text: notices and looks back.
text: Pussy walks up to them with Bond. Bond takes his hand from
text: his pocket, holding the piece of paper with the Homer.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Ah, Mister Bond. I thought you
dialog: were resting in your quarters.
speaker_heading: FOUR - SHOT
text: Solo, Goldfinger, Pussy and Bond.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh, they are delightful, but it's
dialog: much too nice to stay indoors. I
dialog: ran into Miss Galore and she
dialog: suggested that we join you.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (turning between the
dialog: two men)
dialog: Mister Solo, Mister Bond, another
dialog: of my distinguished guests.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Leaving us so soon, Mister Solo?
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Unfortunately, he has a pressing
dialog: engagement.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Yeah. I'd like to get started,
dialog: Goldfinger.
text: He calls behind him to the guard.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Boy!
dialog: 107.
text: Solo approaches the car followed by the guard.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Ah, when you gotta go, you gotta
dialog: go.
text: Solo opens the passenger door. Bond slips the paper into his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: My plane will get you to New York
dialog: on time. With you excess luggage.
dialog: (he laughs)
text: Solo takes the briefcase and overcoat from the guard and gets
text: into the car.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (closing the door)
dialog: Allow me.
text: Oddjob approaches from b.g.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: My chauffeur's an excellent driver.
dialog: You will be at the airport in a few
dialog: minutes.
text: Oddjob gets in behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Goodbye, Mister Solo. Some other
dialog: time, perhaps...
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (leaning forward)
dialog: Happy landings, old boy.
text: PAN on the car as it drives off.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 8. START REEL 9.]
speaker_heading: THREE -SHOT
text: Goldfinger, Pussy and Bond.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: I found him under the model.
text: Goldfinger looks at Bond. Bond looks back.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Operation Grand Slam. I did enjoy
dialog: your briefing.
dialog: 108.
text: Goldfinger looks back at Bond. Bond looks back at Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (grins slightly)
dialog: So did I.
text: PAN on him as he walks off. Bond and Pussy watch him go.
text: Goldfinger heads for the stables.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: PAN on Oddjob's Cadillac as it drives by.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE COLONEL SANDERS'
text: Johnnie again sits in the driver's seat of the Thunderbird.
text: He hears the scope beeping and looks at it.
text: The beep indicator is moving.
text: He gets out of the car and honks the horn. Felix hurries out
text: of the restaurant eating.
speaker_heading: JOHNNIE
dialog: He's on the move!
text: Felix takes another bite and heads for the car.
text: Johnnie backs the car up. Felix rushes into the passenger
text: seat and they take off.
speaker_heading: THE CADILLAC
text: turns a corner at "Joe's Drive-In" and heads up another
dialog: street.
scene_heading: THE THUNDERBIRD
text: follows up the same street.
text: IN THE THUNDERBIRD
text: Felix looks at the scope. The beep indicator moves upwards.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Slow down. Don't crowd him.
text: The Thunderbird keeps following.
speaker_heading: THE CADILLAC
text: cruises along. Solo sits impassively in the back seat as
text: Oddjob drives.
dialog: 109.
text: The Cadillac passes under bridge where a sign reads,
text: "INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT." Then it passes a Sign at the side of
text: the road that reads, "AIRPORT."
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: Are you blind or something? You
dialog: missed the turn!
text: Oddjob looks purposefully ahead.
scene_heading: ON A SIDE ROAD
text: The Cadillac rounds a corner. It stops at the side of the
text: road. Solo, puzzled, looks back.
text: Oddjob picks up a pistol with a silencer and aims it at him.
text: Solo looks forward again and sees the gun. His eyes open wide
text: in shock.
text: Oddjob shoots him in the chest. Solo falls back against his
text: seat then drops out of view.
text: Oddjob peers down at him smugly.
speaker_heading: THE CADILLAC
text: drives forward again.
text: IN THE THUNDERBIRD
text: Felix studies the scope.
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: Hmm. He turned to the right just
dialog: ahead here somewhere.
text: The Thunderbird stops, backs up and heads in a different
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: ODDJOB
text: drives serenely.
text: ANGLE ON THE STREET
text: The Cadillac races by under a bridge.
text: IN THE THUNDERBIRD
text: The beeping continues.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: JOHNNIE
dialog: (glancing at the scope)
dialog: Where's this old pal of yours
dialog: heading?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Ten'll get you one, it's a drink or
dialog: a dame.
text: Johnnie looks at him and smiles.
text: ANGLE ON THE STREET
text: The Thunderbird continues under the same bridge.
text: IN THE CADILLAC
text: Oddjob keeps driving serenely.
text: ANGLE ON THE STREET
text: He turns into a scrap yard where scrap metal is piled into
text: pyramids . A sign on the wall reads, "ATLANTIC IRON & METAL
text: IN THE SCRAP YARD
text: Oddjob pulls to a stop, gets out of the Cadillac and walks
dialog: away.
text: Just then grab hooks descend onto the car. They surround the
text: roof, gripping the car, and raise it into the air.
text: The hooks swing the car overhead then drop it into a car-
text: crushing machine. The flanges of the machine start to close
text: on the car.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: The machine's hydraulics compress the car into a foot-square
dialog: cube.
text: The flanges retract and a gateway opens. A metal arm pushes
text: the cube out through the gateway.
text: An electromagnet snags the cube from above. It lifts the cube
text: into the air then lowers it into the back of Oddjob's blue
text: pickup truck as Oddjob (looking thinner) approaches the truck.
text: Oddjob gets in behind the wheel and glances back as the cargo
text: is lowered into place.
text: Oddjob drives away.
dialog: 111.
text: IN THE THUNDERBIRD
text: Felix tries adjusting the controls of the scope but the
text: beeping has stopped.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Dead.
speaker_heading: JOHNNIE
dialog: Mechanical failure maybe.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Unless he switched it off.
text: Felix keeps trying to adjust the scope.
speaker_heading: JOHNNIE
dialog: Why would he do that?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Drive to the farm. It's all we can
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: JOHNNIE
dialog: Right.
text: PAN on the Thunderbird as it drives on. Then the pickup truck
text: comes down the other side of the road. PAN on it into the
dialog: other direction.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO OF GOLDFINGER'S PLANTATION HOUSE - DAY
text: Pussy sits at a table with Goldfinger. A SERVANT sets mint
text: juleps in front of them.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Thank you.
text: The servant moves off. DOLLY in to a tighter two-shot of
text: Pussy and Goldfinger.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Your share of Operation Grand Slam
dialog: will make you a very rich woman, my
dialog: dear.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Why else would I be in it, Mister
dialog: Goldfinger?
text: She reaches for her glass. He strokes her hand.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: You'll retire to England, I
dialog: suppose?
text: He continues stroking her hand.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: No. I've spotted a little island
dialog: in the Bahamas. I'll hang up a
dialog: sign --
text: She takes the glass, rejecting Goldfinger's hand.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: -- no trespassing, and go back to
dialog: nature.
text: Goldfinger taps the tabletop, acknowledging the rejection.
speaker_heading: THREE -SHOT
text: Pussy, Goldfinger and Kisch.
text: Kisch walks up to them.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Yes, Kisch?
speaker_heading: KISCH
text: Two men in a car, with binoculars.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: Touts looking for racing tips.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE FARM - DAY
text: Felix and Johnnie stand at a fence, the Thunderbird parked
text: behind them. Felix hands Johnnie a pair of binoculars. Felix
text: looks through them.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: starts thinking.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: There is another possibility,
dialog: however. Kisch, ask Mister Bond to
dialog: join us.
text: Kisch walks off. DOLLY IN on Pussy and Goldfinger.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (to Pussy)
dialog: We were quite right to spare Mister
dialog: Bond's life in Switzerland. If
dialog: those gentlemen are his friends,
dialog: let us convince them he needs no
dialog: assistance. For their benefit,
dialog: Pussy, let's make him as happy as
dialog: possible. I suggest you change
dialog: into something more suitable.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Certainly.
dialog: (sets her glass down)
dialog: Business before pleasure.
text: He chortles. She gets up. Her chortles again as he watches
text: her go, then turns to his drink.
scene_heading: IN BOND'S CELL
text: Bond sits on the cot, his back against the wall and legs ina
text: V-position, wearing his suit. DOLLY BACK and PAN OVER to
text: reveal three guards watching him.
text: Kisch appears in the doorway and gestures to Bond with a gun.
speaker_heading: KISCH
dialog: He wants you.
text: Bond gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. STUD FARM - AT THE FENCE - DAY
text: Felix and Johnnie stand looking over the fence, Felix with the
text: binoculars. He pans over, seeing something.
scene_heading: FELIX' POV - THE PORCH OF THE PLANTATION HOUSE
text: Kisch follows Bond to the porch where Goldfinger still sits at
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (casually, gesturing)
dialog: Ah, Mister Bond. Sit down, please.
dialog: A mint julep? Traditional, but
dialog: satisfying.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes, thanks.
dialog: (to the servant)
dialog: Sour mash, but not too sweet,
dialog: please.
dialog: 114.
text: The servant nods and walks away.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: (slips his hands in
dialog: his pockets)
dialog: You disappoint me, Goldfinger. You
dialog: know Operation Grand Slam simply
dialog: won't work. Incidentally, Delta
text: Nine nerve gas is fatal.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: You are unusually well informed,
dialog: Mr. Bond.
text: The servant approaches with Bond's drink on a tray.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You'll kill sixty-thousand people
text: uselessly.
dialog: (to servant)
dialog: Ah!
text: He takes his drink. The servant moves off. Kisch, though,
text: lingers behind them.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - BOND AND GOLDFINGER
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: American motorists kill that many
dialog: every two years.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes, well, I've worked out a few
dialog: statistics of my own.
dialog: (sits across the
dialog: table from him)
dialog: Fifteen billion dollars in gold
dialog: bullion weighs ten thousand, five
dialog: hundred tons. Sixty men would take
dialog: twelve days to load it onto two
text: hundred trucks. Now, at the most,
dialog: you're going to have two hours
dialog: before the army, navy, air force,
dialog: marines move in and make you put it
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Who mentioned anything about
dialog: removing it?
text: Bond stops drinking. Kisch leans back against a pillar behind
text: them, watching.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Is the julep tart enough for you?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: You plan to break into the world's
dialog: largest bank, but not to steal
dialog: anything. Why?
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Go on, Mister Bond.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Mister Ling, the Red Chinese agent
dialog: at the factory. He's a specialist
dialog: in nuclear fission. -- But of
dialog: course!
text: Goldfinger smiles back at him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: His government's given you a bomb!
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I prefer to call it an atomic
text: device. It's small, but
dialog: particularly dirty.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Cobalt and iodine?
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Precisely.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, if you explode it in Fort
dialog: Knox, the, uh, entire gold supply
dialog: of the United States will be
dialog: radioactive for... fifty-seven
dialog: years!
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Fifty-eight, to be exact.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I apologize, Goldfinger. It's an
dialog: inspired deal. They get what they
dialog: want -- economic chaos in the West
dialog: -- and the value of your gold
dialog: increases many times.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I conservatively estimate ten
dialog: times.
dialog: 115.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Brilliant. But the atomic device,
dialog: as you call it, is already,
dialog: obviously in this country.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Obviously.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: But bringing it to Fort Knox, uh,
dialog: undetected could be risky -- very
dialog: risky.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Oh the contrary, Mister Bond. The
dialog: risk is all on your side. If the
dialog: authorities should attempt to
dialog: locate it, who knows where it might
dialog: be exploded, eh? Perhaps the
text: Polaris submarine pens at New
dialog: London, Cape Kennedy, near the
dialog: White House... But we are
text: speculating idly. Operation Grand
dialog: Slam will be successful. You will
dialog: be there to see for yourself -- to
dialog: closely for comfort, I'm afraid.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 9. START REEL 10.]
text: Bond looks off. He sees the blue pickup truck returning. The
text: truck stops in front of the house.
text: Goldfinger approaches it, followed by Bond.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Forgive me, Mister Bond, but, uh, I
dialog: must arrange to separate my gold
dialog: from the late Mister Solo.
text: Goldfinger approaches the pickup truck.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: As you said he had a pressing
dialog: engagement.
text: As Goldfinger reaches the back of the truck, Pussy emerges
text: through the front door of the house wearing casual clothes.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Ah, very chic, Miss Galore.
dialog: (to Bond)
dialog: Don't you agree? Please entertain
dialog: Mister Bond for me, Pussy. I'll
dialog: join you both later.
dialog: 117.
text: He bangs on the back of the truck and walks off with it.
text: Pussy crosses behind Bond and links an arm through his.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Well, how about it, handsome?
dialog: Don't you think it's about time we
dialog: got to know each other socially?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, the new Miss Galore. Where
dialog: do you hide you gold knuckles in
dialog: this outfit?
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: (escorting him forward)
dialog: Oh, uh, I never carry weapons after
dialog: business hours.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yeah? So you're off duty.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: I'm completely defenseless.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (looking at her)
dialog: So am I.
text: Pussy laughs.
speaker_heading: AT THE FENCE
text: Felix continues looking through the binoculars, Johnnie beside
dialog: him.
text: THROUGH THE BINOCULARS
text: Bond and Pussy walk casually across the grounds toward a
dialog: stable.
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: lowers the binoculars and passes them to Johnnie.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: That's my James.
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOT - BOND AND PUSSY
text: They walk past the stable, her arm still linked through his.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Beautiful place Goldfinger has
dialog: here.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Yes. I'm glad you're enjoying it.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Too bad it all has to end tomorrow
dialog: morning.
text: He faces Pussy. She looks back at him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: He's quite mad, you know.
text: Pussy keeps looking at him.
text: Bond turns to the entrance to the stable.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, now. What do we have here?
text: He walks inside, Pussy following.
speaker_heading: AT THE FENCE
text: Felix looks through the binoculars again.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Double-o-seven seems to have the
dialog: situation well in hand. Come on,
dialog: I'm bushed. Let's get back to the
dialog: motel.
text: They turn away toward the Thunderbird.
scene_heading: INT. STABLE - DAY - SAME TIME
text: Bond paces in front of Pussy.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You're quite a girl, Pussy.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: I'm strictly the outdoor type.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I'd like to think you're not in on
dialog: all of this, uh, caper.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Skip it. I'm not interested.
dialog: Let's go.
text: He grabs her arm and turns her back.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: What would it take for you to see
dialog: things my way?
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: A lot more than you've got.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (looking into her eyes)
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: I don't want to know.
text: She turns to the door again. He grabs her and holds her back.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Isn't it customary to grant the
dialog: condemned man his last request?
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: You've asked for this.
text: She hurls him with a Judo move. He summersaults and lands on
text: his butt in hay. He looks back at her. She exhales.
text: Pussy walks up to him.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: Get up!
text: Bond grabs her leg and drops her into the hay.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Certainly.
text: He offers a hand to help her up. She rises. She tries to
text: throw him but he twists her around and tosses her over his
text: back. She lands in the hay.
text: She recovers and looks back, glaring.
text: Bond smiles, walks toward her and sits beside her.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: There. Now let's both play.
text: She tries to kick him but he jumps on top of her. She places
text: her hands at his throat, trying to push him away, but he
text: steadily lowers himself. She turns her head to the side.
dialog: 120.
text: Bond's mouth comes down on hers and they kiss. Struggling at
text: first, Pussy finally relents and lets him kiss her. Her hands
text: move from his neck to his shoulders, then the flings her arms
text: around him.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - DAY
text: An airplane's propellers rev up.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: A Korean guard check the gas canister mounted under the wings
text: of one of the planes. He runs to the other wing and checks
text: the canister there as well.
text: Another guard in b.g. looks under the wing of another plane
text: (but there are no canisters there).
speaker_heading: PUSSY'S VOICE (0.S.)
text: Pussy Galore to Champagne leader.
dialog: Commence Rock-a-Bye Baby. Good
dialog: luck.
text: The guards back away.
text: PAN on the five planes as they taxi down a runway.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER SHOT
text: PAN on the planes as they take off.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: IN THE SKY
text: The planes fly in V-formation.
text: IN ONE OF THE PLANES
text: DENISE is flying and talks into her mic.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Speed two-two-o. Wind check
dialog: westerly.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - THE FIVE PLANES
text: fly across the sky.
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: DENISE
text: looking pleased, glances down at her controls.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - ABOVE THE PLANES
text: They fly over green terrain.
speaker_heading: DENISE
text: talks into her mic.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Champagne leader to Champagne
dialog: section. Commence dive -- now.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - BEHIND THE PLANES
text: They fly in V-formation over a forest approaching Fort Knox in
dialog: extreme b.g.
speaker_heading: DENISE
text: talks into her mic again.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Ready for Rock-a-Bye Baby.
text: Commence spray on countdown.
dialog: Five...
scene_heading: IN ANOTHER PLANE
text: MAGGIE is at her controls.
speaker_heading: DENISE'S VOICE
dialog: four...
scene_heading: IN ANOTHER PLANE
text: LESLEY is at her controls.
speaker_heading: DENISE'S VOICE
dialog: three...
scene_heading: IN ANOTHER PLANE
text: JANE is at the controls.
speaker_heading: DENISE'S VOICE
dialog: two...
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: IN DENISE'S PLANE
text: She speaks the final word into the mic.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: zero.
text: THE CANISTERS UNDER HER WING
text: begin to spray smoky gas.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - FOLLOWING THE PLANES
text: They continue flying in V-formation right over Fort Knox.
text: ANGLE FROM THE GROUND
text: The planes continue over Fort Knox and separate from
dialog: formation.
speaker_heading: UNDER A WING
text: Smoky gas continues to shoot from a canister.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - THE PLANES
text: fly off in different directions.
text: IN ONE OF THE PLANES
text: Jane sits at the controls, looking over.
text: ANGLE FROM THE GROUND - TWO OF THE PLANES
text: pass over planes sitting on a tarmac and various buildings.
text: PAN on them to reveal a sign on a brick building that reads,
text: "WELCOME TO FORT KNOX. GENERAL RUSSHON."
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - PLANE'S POV
text: We pass over barracks approaching two water towers.
speaker_heading: IN A PLANE
text: Denise at the controls looks down.
scene_heading: HER POV - THE WATER TOWERS
text: She begins flying past them.
text: ANGLE FROM THE GROUND
text: She continues past them.
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - PLANE'S POV
text: More barracks approach.
scene_heading: UNDER THE WING
text: Smoky gas shoots out from the canisters as the plane crosses
dialog: the barracks.
text: ON THE GROUND
text: A phalanx of marching men suddenly fall to the ground as a
text: plane passes over the barracks beside them.
speaker_heading: A PLANE
text: flies over other roofs.
text: ON THE GROUND
text: Another phalanx of marching men fall.
text: THE WING OF ANOTHER PLANE
text: More white smoke shoots from the canisters as the plane flies
text: over more barracks then crosses a tall building.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: Leslie is at the controls.
scene_heading: HER POV - A PARADE GROUND
text: A number of soldiers stand grouped together as she approaches.
text: ON THE GROUND
text: A group of men collapse.
scene_heading: UNDER THE WING
text: The plane continues spraying gas as it passes overhead.
text: ON THE GROUND
text: A group of soldiers on a trestle bench fall unconscious. Then
text: another group of men collapse.
speaker_heading: LESLIE'S POV
text: The plane angles up into the air.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
text: looks down.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: LESLIE'S POV
text: She passes over rows of battle tanks.
speaker_heading: AT A HANGER
text: more soldiers drop to the ground.
text: ON THE GROUND
text: Another plane flies over another row of tanks and the soldiers
text: there collapse, then the plane circles overhead. It passes
text: the roofs of buildings.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: Denise looks down.
scene_heading: ON THE GROUND - ANOTHER PARADE GROUND
text: Two planes pass overhead and more soldiers fall to the ground.
speaker_heading: ON A TARMAC
text: A plane passes over another group of soldiers. They collapse.
speaker_heading: A PLANE
text: flies over a building.
scene_heading: ON ANOTHER FIELD
text: A group of soldiers in f.g. collapse. Then a row of soldiers
text: behind them doing calisthenics drop to the ground.
scene_heading: POV FROM THE COCKPIT
text: The plane rises from the soldiers into the air.
scene_heading: ANOTHER PLANE
text: flies over a rooftop.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: Denise looks down, another plane visible in b.g.
scene_heading: DENISE'S POV - THE MILITARY BASE
text: The buildings appear deserted.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - THE VICTIMS
text: - A group of soldiers lie collapsed on the ground.
dialog: 125.
text: - Another group of soldiers lie collapsed in a jeep.
text: - Another group of soldiers lie collapsed in a street.
text: - Another group of soldiers lie collapsed near trucks.
text: - Another group of soldiers lie collapsed near buildings.
text: TILT DOWN to even more collapsed soldiers on grass nearby.
scene_heading: INT. DENISE'S COCKPIT - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: (into her mic)
dialog: Champagne leader to Grand Slam task
text: force leader. The baby is asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY - SAME TIME
text: A convoy awaits -- three trucks, a jeep and an ambulance.
speaker_heading: DENISE (0.S., filtered)
dialog: I repeat: the baby is asleep.
dialog: We're going home now.
speaker_heading: AT THE JEEP
text: DOLLY BACK past two Koreans inside to reveal Kisch blowing a
text: whistle. The Koreans wear their blue jumpsuits and yellow
text: sashes; Kisch wears green army fatigues.
scene_heading: BEHIND A TRUCK
text: Bond sits in back wearing a black suit. He is handcuffed to
text: Oddjob. Oddjob tosses him a gas mask.
speaker_heading: ODDJOB
dialog: Argh!
text: Bond catches it and Oddjob climbs in beside him.
speaker_heading: KISCH
text: puts on a gas mask and gets into the jeep.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE TASK FORCE
text: The vehicles take off, the jeep in the lead.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: THE CONVOY
text: PAN as they turn a corner to reveal two crashed cars. One is
text: overturned and from the other a man's body leans out.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: ANOTHER STREET
text: The convoy heads up the street and passes soldiers lying on
text: the ground and others lying in a jeep.
speaker_heading: THE CONVOY
text: rounds another corner. PAN on them as they pass more soldiers
text: lying on the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TO FORT KNOX - DAY - SAME TIME
text: The convoy rounds another corner. Ahead lays Fort Knox.
text: A green car rests in a ditch at the side of the road and
text: Felix' head is visible leaning dead out a rear window.
text: Johnnie lies beside him.
speaker_heading: IN THE JEEP
text: Kisch and the other two men in gas masks look to the side.
scene_heading: KISCH'S POV - FORT KNOX
text: As they approach it they see an overturned truck and many
text: soldiers lying at the side of the road.
speaker_heading: IN THE JEEP
text: Kisch looks ahead.
scene_heading: KISCH'S POV - FORT KNOX
text: comes closer. More soldiers lie in another jeep at the other
text: side of the road.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM BEHIND - THE CONVOY
text: approaches the gate. Bond and Oddjob are in the bed of the
text: last truck. PAN over to the green car in the ditch and ZOOM
text: IN on Felix, lying still.
speaker_heading: AT THE GATE
text: The convoy passes a sign that reads "STOP AT RED SIGNAL." It
text: halts at the gate to Fort Knox. Kisch alights from the jeep.
text: One of the Koreans hands him a wooden box.
dialog: 127.
text: Kisch opens it. Inside is a measuring device with a meter
text: registering "TOXIC UNITS PER CC X100" and a label that says
text: "AURIC SPECTROMETER." The needle is at zero.
text: Kisch gives the box back to the Korean.
scene_heading: THE FIRST TRUCK
text: A tarpaulin is raised, revealing a dozen guards in gas masks.
text: Kisch pulls off his mask and blows his whistle.
scene_heading: THE LAST TRUCK
text: Oddjob removes his mask and gestures to Bond to do the same.
speaker_heading: AT THE GATE
text: Guards from the first truck carry explosive cylinders to the
text: gate. They lay them at the base of the gate.
text: A guard attaches a wire to the explosives as Kisch looks on.
text: The guard runs back to the jeep unspooling the wire. Another
text: guard attaches it to a detonator and turns the handle.
text: The gate explodes, sending pieces flying.
text: Bond looks back at the explosion.
text: The jeep drives through the gateway.
text: ON THE GROUNDS OF FORT KNOX
text: The jeep, followed by the trucks, turns down a circular drive
text: that runs past the fort. PAN over to the front entrance,
text: where lettering over the doorway reads "UNITED STATES
scene_heading: DEPOSITORY."
text: AT THE SIDE OF THE FORT
text: The ambulance pulls to one side, its back to the depository,
text: as the other vehicles take positions nearby.
text: Two guards open a panel on the side of the ambulance,
text: revealing control switches. They back away as Kisch walks up
text: and turns a dial.
text: The top of the ambulance opens up. DOLLY IN as a laser gun
text: rises from inside the ambulance, pointing at the fort. Two
text: guards ride the lift up with it.
speaker_heading: BOND AND ODDJOB
text: alight from the back of the truck.
dialog: 128.
text: AT THE SIDE OF THE FORT
text: Kisch signals to the ambulance driver.
speaker_heading: KISCH
dialog: Chafoo!
text: The ambulance backs up to the side door of the fort. Bond and
text: Oddjob stand nearby.
text: The guards activate the laser, sending a red beam into the top
text: of the door. Bond and Oddjob step closer and watch. The beam
text: starts cutting across the top of the door.
text: The guards aim it further along. Kisch watches. The beam
text: keeps cutting.
text: The guards aim it further to the side. Bond and Oddjob watch.
text: The beam reaches the other end of the door.
text: Kisch signals to four guards with a chain. Two of them attach
text: it to the back of the ambulance and the other two run to the
dialog: fort's door
text: A guard turns the laser off.
scene_heading: INT. FORT KNOX - RECEPTION AREA - DAY - SAME TIME
text: The door falls to the floor and is dragged away by the
text: ambulance. Kisch enters and moves to another door as guards
text: run past him.
text: Two guards take a trolley; another runs upstairs to a control
text: room; another poses with a machine gun. The guards with the
text: trolley run outside with it as Kisch presses a button and
text: opens another door.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 10. START REEL 11.]
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF FORT KNOX - SAME TIME
text: A group of collapsed soldiers lie in a jeep in f.g. asa
text: helicopter flies across the fort. Bond and Oddjob look up at
dialog: it.
text: AT THE SIDE OF THE FORT
text: The helicopter passes over the building.
scene_heading: IN THE RECEPTION AREA
text: Through the open doors we see the helicopter come in for a
dialog: landing.
dialog: 129.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE FORT
text: Bond and Oddjob watch the chopper land.
text: Goldfinger emerges from the chopper wearing a brown overcoat
text: and a scarf, followed by Ling carrying a small box. Pussy is
text: in the pilot's seat, all in white.
text: Goldfinger walks up to Bond.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Good morning, Mister Bond. For
dialog: once you are exactly where I want
dialog: you.
text: Bond looks over at Pussy. She looks back at him, concerned,
text: then ahead at the fort.
text: Guard push the trolley away from the chopper. The trolley now
text: bears a large silver cabinet.
text: DOLLY BACK as the guards wheel it into the reception area past
text: other guards who man the doorway. Bond, Goldfinger, Oddjob,
text: Kisch and Ling follow. Ling unlocks the top of the cabinet
text: and gestures to the guards.
text: Two guards open the top of the cabinet, revealing shielding
text: and controls. Ling sets his box on the shielding. Bond,
text: Goldfinger and Oddjob look on.
text: Ling takes a primer from the box and places it in a slot by
dialog: the controls.
text: Goldfinger signals up to the control room. A guard nods,
text: turns to a switchboard and looks down through a viewer.
scene_heading: GUARD'S POV - THE COMBINATION LOCK
text: There are two rows of numbers. The top row reads "92255."
text: The bottom row reads "10085." Both change to "36104."
speaker_heading: THE VAULT DOOR
text: a round door with a handle in the middle begins to open.
text: Bond and Oddjob look on.
text: The door swings all the way open, revealing a gantry and
text: stairs inside. Flooring slides into place at the base of the
text: entryway.
speaker_heading: THE BOMB
text: Ling turns a control dial then turns a key and removes it from
text: the primer. The device begins emitting a rhythmic humming.
dialog: 130.
text: Goldfinger, looking on with Bond and Oddjob, checks his watch
dialog: and winds it.
text: Guards close the top of the cabinet and Ling locks the top.
text: ZOOM IN to a timer beside the controls that starts counting
dialog: down from "354."
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - AN OSCILLOSCOPE
text: The scope begins oscillating with a wave signal sound.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - FELIX' CAR
text: Felix opens his eyes and rises. DOLLY BACK to reveal a
text: SCIENTIST in glasses in the rear.
speaker_heading: SCIENTIST
dialog: The bomb's here.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Let's get moving, brigadier.
text: A BRIGADIER GENERAL rises in the passenger seat and a LT.
text: COLONEL rises in the driver seat.
speaker_heading: BRIGADIER
dialog: Right, Jack. Move in.
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL
dialog: (into a phone)
dialog: Move in, commando tactics.
text: PAN OVER to reveal Fort Knox down the road. The soldiers who
text: were lying "dead" get up. A SOLDIER crouches just outside
text: Felix' car speaking into a microphone.
speaker_heading: BRIGADIER (0.S.)
dialog: Minimum offensive fire until I
text: signal bomb has been neutralized.
speaker_heading: IN THE CAR
speaker_heading: BRIGADIER
dialog: Come on!
text: The men jump out as the Lt. Colonel remains on the phone.
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Minimum offensive fire until I
text: signal bomb has been neutralized.
dialog: Bomb disposal unit to accompany
dialog: "DOG."
dialog: 131.
scene_heading: INT. BANK VAULT - DAY
text: Guards move the trolley in across a bridge. Bond and Oddjob
dialog: follow.
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT - THE VAULT
text: It is a four-story tall cathedral of gold. Stairs lead down
text: from each level. Gold bars are stacked in gigantic barred
text: cages.
text: Guards move the trolley to a lift.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Bond, Oddjob and Goldfinger walk up to the trolley. Kisch
text: unlocks the handcuffs from Oddjob's wrist.
text: Meanwhile, Goldfinger looks hungrily to the side. TILT DOWN
text: stacks of gold bars in a cage. Goldfinger looks up at Bond
dialog: again.
text: Kisch attaches the handcuffs to the trolley, then he and
text: Oddjob walk away.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: (with a slight bow)
dialog: Goodbye, Mister Bond.
text: He signals to Kisch, who presses a button on the lift.
speaker_heading: THE LIFT
text: descends with Bond on it. ZOOM BACK to an extreme wide shot
text: of the vault as Bond approaches ground level.
text: Goldfinger turns away, leaving Oddjob at the lift doors
text: looking down.
text: The lift arrives at ground level. Bond looks at the timer.
text: It counts from "256" to "254." He reaches for the control
dialog: panel.
scene_heading: IN THE RECEPTION AREA
text: Goldfinger exits the vault and walks over to Ling.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: Mister Ling, it is merely a matter
dialog: of timing and...
scene_heading: EXT. FORT KNOX - SAME TIME
text: Army soldiers grab some of Goldfinger's guards from behind.
text: Other guards fire machines guns back at them.
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: IN THE RECEPTION AREA
text: Guards back into the area firing guns. Goldfinger suddenly
text: runs up the stairs to the control room.
scene_heading: IN THE CONTROL ROOM
text: Goldfinger looks into the viewer and starts turning dials,
text: scrambling the combination to the vault.
text: LOOKING INTO THE VAULT
text: The door starts to close. Oddjob and Kisch are in b.g.
text: Kisch sees the door moving and runs for it. The door closes
text: on him.
scene_heading: IN THE CONTROL ROOM
text: Goldfinger pulls off his overcoat and scarf, revealing an army
text: officer's uniform underneath. He puts on a green cap.
scene_heading: AT THE HELICOPTER
text: Pussy looks at the fighting and reaches for the controls
scene_heading: IN THE CONTROL ROOM
text: Goldfinger straightens his green cap, pulls a gold revolver
text: from inside his coat and runs from the room.
scene_heading: IN THE RECEPTION AREA
text: Goldfinger runs down the stairs.
speaker_heading: LING
dialog: (calling to him)
dialog: Goldfinger!
text: Just then three soldiers outside the doorway with machine guns
text: and shoot a guard.
text: Ling yells helplessly to Goldfinger in Chinese. Goldfinger
text: shoots him. Ling falls dead to the floor.
text: Four soldiers run in. Goldfinger hurries to them, pointing to
dialog: Ling.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: He's one of them! So's the girl!
dialog: I'll get her, you get the door
dialog: open!
text: The soldiers move forward. Goldfinger picks up a machine gun
text: from a fallen guard and shoots them all in the back.
dialog: 133.
text: They all fall to the floor dead. Goldfinger sets down the
text: machine gun, picks up his gold revolver and runs outside. An
text: explosion goes off just beyond the helicopter.
text: IN THE VAULT
text: Bond struggles to lift the cover of the container.
speaker_heading: AT THE DOOR
text: Kisch pushes and knocks on it, then turns to Oddjob.
speaker_heading: KISCH
dialog: We're trapped.
text: Oddjob steps back from the lift doors and turns to face him.
speaker_heading: KISCH
dialog: The bomb. I'll take the fuse out.
text: Kisch runs for the lift. Oddjob blocks him and grabs his
dialog: shoulders.
speaker_heading: KISCH
dialog: Don't be a fool! You can be a
dialog: hero. I'm not.
text: Kisch breaks away and runs around the far corner of the
text: walkway. Oddjob chases him.
scene_heading: IN A CORRIDOR
text: Oddjob catches up to Kisch and grabs him near a railing.
text: Kisch screams.
speaker_heading: KISCH
dialog: No! No!
text: Bond looks up.
text: Oddjob hurls Kisch over the railing, sending his body
text: somersaulting down.
text: Bond hears the crash of the body on the floor. He looks
text: around the corner of the lift. He sees Oddjob up above
text: looking down. Then he looks down.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - KISCH'S BODY
text: lies atop bars covering a cage in the floor. ZOOM IN to
text: Kisch's shirt pocket. It bulges slightly from a key inside.
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks up again at Oddjob, who looks down at him. Then Bond
text: grabs the trolley and starts moving it toward Kisch's body.
scene_heading: EXTREME HIGH ANGLE
text: Bond moves the trolley around the corner of the lift.
speaker_heading: ODDJOB
text: four stories above sees what he's doing and starts to run.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - BOND AND ODDJOB
text: - DOLLY BACK as Bond pulls the trolley closer to Kisch. He
text: looks up.
text: - Oddjob runs down a flight of stairs, reaches a landing and
text: rounds a corner. Directly below is Bond with the trolley,
text: arriving at the bars to the floor-cage.
text: - Bond steps onto a bar and reaches down for Kisch's pocket.
text: - Oddjob rounds another landing.
text: - Bond reaches closer to Kisch's pocket.
text: - Oddjob stops on the next landing and looks at him, then
text: keeps running.
text: - Bond pulls a key from Kisch's pocket. He hears Oddjob's
text: approaching footsteps and glances up, then PAN ON HIM as he
text: jumps back to the trolley and puts the key in the handcuffs.
text: - EXTREME WIDE ANGLE: Oddjob reaches the last landing.
text: - He takes off his bowler hat.
text: - Bond looks up at him.
text: - Oddjob hurls the hat. It whooshes through the air.
text: Bond ducks and the hat passes just over his head, landing on
text: the bars of the floor-cage. Bond looks back at Oddjob.
text: - Oddjob climbs over the railing at the landing.
text: - Bond turns the key in the handcuffs.
text: - Oddjob jumps down to the floor and starts to run.
text: - Bond unlocks the handcuffs and darts the other way.
dialog: 135.
text: - EXTREME WIDE ANGLE: Bond runs toward a barred cage in the
text: back wall as Oddjob runs after him.
text: - Oddjob stops near the lift and picks up his hat. PAN on him
text: as he crosses to the other side of the lift and looks at Bond,
text: who backs up almost against the cage. There is a blue
text: mechanized dolly bearing gold bars between Oddjob and Bond.
text: Oddjob aims the hat at Bond and throws it.
text: - The hat sails high and severs a heavy electrical cable,
text: sending down a cascade of sparks.
text: - Bond looks up at the sparks as the cable falls.
text: - The cable lands on the floor next to the hat, still shooting
text: sparks.
text: - Bond looks up at Oddjob.
text: - Oddjob straightens himself.
text: - Bond grabs a gold bar from the dolly and hurls it at him.
text: - The bar bounces harmlessly off Oddjob's chest and falls to
dialog: the floor.
text: - Bond looks in surprise, almost admiration, at Oddjob, and
text: darts off to the side.
text: - The timer on the bomb goes from "216" to "213."
text: - PAN on Oddjob as he approaches Bond. Bond positions himself
text: in a stance for a fight. Bond jumps at Oddjob and throws his
text: arms around Oddjob's neck.
text: - CLOSER ANGLE: As Bond clings to Oddjob's neck, Oddjob picks
text: him up like a doll.
text: - WIDER ANGLE: Oddjob throws him against the wall.
text: - CLOSER ANGLE: Bond lands on the floor beside a trolley
text: loaded with gold bars. He finds a large wooden staff behind
text: the trolley and picks it up.
text: - WIDER ANGLE: Bond angles the staff at Oddjob. Oddjob backs
dialog: up.
text: - CLOSER ANGLE: Bond lunges at him with it. Oddjob dodges
text: from it and the end of the staff hits the wall. Oddjob judo-
text: chops right through it, breaking it in two. Bond keeps his
text: fist around the smaller half.
text: - Oddjob smiles at Bond.
dialog: 136.
text: - Bond smashes him in the face with the broken staff.
text: Oddjob's head barely turns.
text: - Oddjob looks back at him grinning.
text: - Bond tries to smash Oddjob in the face again.
text: - Oddjob grabs his arm.
text: - Oddjob slams him against the wall.
text: - WIDER ANGLE: Oddjob throws him sliding across the floor and
text: moves to follow.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. RECEPTION AREA - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: - Korean guards in the entryway fire machine guns at U.S.
text: troops outside. A number of soldiers fall.
text: - The guards run back into the reception area.
text: - The soldiers run to the entryway and start to fire inside.
text: PAN over to show the guards falling.
scene_heading: INT. VAULT - SAME TIME - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: - Bond slides on his back along the floor, landing near
text: another mechanized dolly loaded with gold bars.
text: - WIDER ANGLE: Bond grabs a metal lever on the dolly as
text: Oddjob watches in f.g.
text: - CLOSER ANGLE: Bond pulls off the lever.
text: - PAN on Oddjob as he positions himself to face him.
text: - Bond approaches him, raising the lever, and swings it at his
text: head. Oddjob ducks, avoiding it. Bond raises the lever
text: again. Oddjob grabs his arm and squeezes it and the lever
text: drops. Then Oddjob grabs Bond under the arm.
text: - WIDER ANGLE: Oddjob hurls him past the bomb.
text: - Bond lands against the wall of the lift.
text: - The timer ticks down from "147" to "145."
text: - Oddjob grabs Bond again and throws him toward the side wall.
text: Bond falls.
text: - Bond rolls over near a cage in the wall then rises. Oddjob
text: lunges at him. Bond grabs Oddjob's arm in a judo hold and
text: thrusts him toward the wall.
dialog: 137.
text: - CLOSER ANGLE: Bond presses Oddjob's shoulder against the
text: wall but without effect. Oddjob replies with a judo-chop to
text: Bond's lower back. Bond gasps and releases his grip and
text: Oddjob flings him backwards.
text: - Bond lands against the cage in the side wall, breathless.
text: He sinks down against the bars breathing heavily.
text: - Oddjob rises and smiles at him again.
text: - Bond looks back exhausted.
text: - Oddjob brings down another judo-chop.
text: - His hand strikes Bond in the side. Bond doubles over.
text: Oddjob grabs him around the neck and throws him at the back
dialog: wall.
text: - Bond falls and slides toward the hat and smoldering cable.
text: - Bond comes to a stop, the hat right in front of him. Bond
text: raises himself onto his elbow and looks up.
text: - Oddjob approaches him.
text: - Bond stares back.
text: - The timer ticks down from "127" to "125."
text: - Oddjob stops and gestures to Bond to get up.
text: - Bond looks down at the hat and grabs it.
text: - Oddjob suddenly looks concerned and takes a step back.
text: - Bond rises with the hat.
text: - PAN ON Oddjob as he stealthily backs to the side.
text: - POV FROM INSIDE THE CAGE: Bond circles in front of Oddjob
text: who keeps backing away.
text: - Oddjob backs up further toward the cage.
text: - Bond moves forward with the hat.
text: - Oddjob backs further away; the cage bars are now right
text: behind him.
text: - Bond hurls the hat at him.
text: - Oddjob ducks. The hat sails past him and lodges between the
text: bars with a clang. Oddjob looks back at it.
dialog: 138.
text: - Bond looks at Oddjob.
text: - Oddjob smiles back.
text: - Bond keeps looking at Oddjob.
scene_heading: [END OF REEL 11. START REEL 12.]
text: - Oddjob turns to get his hat.
text: - Bond looks down.
text: - WIDER ANGLE: Bond suddenly dives and grabs the broken cable
text: as Oddjob reaches for his hat.
text: - Oddjob grips the hat.
text: - Bond touches the cable to a cage bar.
text: - Oddjob screams as sparks fly from the hat and there is a
text: sizzling sound.
text: - WIDER ANGLE: The sparks keep flying. Oddjob, still holding
text: the hat, falls back against the cage bars as Bond keeps
text: holding the cable against the bar, electrocuting him.
text: - Bond rubs the cable against the bar.
text: - LOW ANGLE: Oddjob falls forward and lands on his chest as
dialog: Bond watches from b.g.
text: - Bond looks at Oddjob's body then jumps to his feet.
text: ANGLE ON THE BOMB
text: Bond runs to the trolley and looks at the timer. It ticks
text: down from "059" to "054." Bond slaps the cabinet's lid and
text: looks about him, then down at where Kisch lies.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. RECEPTION AREA - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: - In the entryway, American troops continue to fire.
text: - More Korean guards fall dead. The corpse of an Army soldier
text: lies among them.
scene_heading: IN THE VAULT - SAME TIME
text: Bond reaches into the cage behind Kisch's body and takes two
text: gold ingots. He steps back to the bomb, puts an ingot on atop
text: the lid and bangs on its underside. The lid stays locked.
text: Bond turns into a different position.
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Bond places an ingot under the lid and hammers on it from
text: below with the other.
speaker_heading: THE TIMER
text: clicks down from "049" to "047."
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION AREA - SAME TIME
text: Korean guards in f.g. fire at the entryway.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - THE ENTRYWAY
text: A soldier runs past the entryway lobbing a hand grenade inside
text: es other soldiers run behind him. The grenade explodes in
speaker_heading: STILL CLOSER
text: A SOLDIER runs in and mounts the stairs to the control room.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KOREANS
text: They fire at him.
text: ON THE STAIRS
text: The soldier dives into the control room.
scene_heading: IN THE CONTROL ROOM
text: The soldier quickly turns dials on the control panel.
text: THROUGH THE VIEWER
text: The top row of numbers stays at "36104" while the bottom row
text: changes from "76755" to "36104."
text: ANGLE ON THE GUARDS
text: The vault door swings open as the guards keep firing machine
text: guns. It shoves one of the guards against a railing.
text: ANGLE ON THE RAILING
text: The door crushes the guard against it.
scene_heading: THE VAULT DOORWAY
text: Korean guards back into the vault firing their machine guns
text: ahead of them.
dialog: 140.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: still banging on the ingot looks up at the battle.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - A CATWALK
text: A gunshot drops a Korean guard dead.
text: ON THE CATWALK
text: Other Korean guards run down a side walkway. A gunshot sounds
text: and one of them falls dead with a scream.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks up again then down at the counter. It drops from "039"
dialog: to "036."
text: He bangs again on the underside of the lid.
scene_heading: IN THE RECEPTION AREA
text: Soldiers firing rifles pass through the entrance to the vault.
text: IN THE VAULT
text: Soldiers run inside as guards flee them into b.g.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: bangs again on the underside of the lid. He hears more
text: gunfire and looks up.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - THE TOP GALLERY
text: A Korean guard clutches his stomach and falls over the
text: railing, somersaulting four levels to the floor.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - A LANDING BEHIND BOND
text: As Bond pounds on the lid again, a guard stops on a landing
text: above him and aims a pistol at him.
text: AT A RAILING
text: A soldier fires a machine gun at the guard.
scene_heading: OVER THE SOLDIER'S SHOULDER
text: The guard falls over the railing to the floor, and another
text: guard drops dead on a catwalk behind him.
dialog: 141.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: smashes the underside of the lid again. It pops open, the
text: lock broken! Bond reaches for the lid to raise it and glances
text: at the counter.
text: The counter drops from "032" to "030."
text: Bond throws back the lid. DOLLY IN on the bomb as he opens
text: the inner casing to reveal a mechanism with spinning wheels
dialog: and gears.
scene_heading: BOND - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: - DOLLY IN on him as he looks down at the contraption,
text: clueless as to what to do. He looks at the timer.
text: - The timer drops from "026" to "024."
text: - Bond keeps looking down.
scene_heading: - BOND'S POV - THE MACHINERY: PAN back and forth across it to
text: show one spinning gear after another.
text: - Bond looks on helplessly. He reaches forward.
text: - His hands touch a wire, then a spinning disk, trying to stop
dialog: it.
text: - The timer drops from "019" to "017."
text: - Bond keeps looking down, then to one side. Meanwhile the
text: smoke of rifle-fire bursts behind him.
text: - His hand touches a turning wheel.
scene_heading: ENTRANCE TO THE VAULT
text: THREE SOLDIERS run in bearing rifles, followed by Felix,
text: Johnnie and THREE UNIFORMED OFFICERS.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Come on, fellas! Get going! Hurry
dialog: up!
text: ANGLE ON THE BOMB
text: Bond's hands try again to stop the mechanism, without success.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks down frantically.
dialog: 142.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - THE STAIRS
text: Soldiers and civilians run around a landing and down more
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: glances down at the timer. It descends from "014" to "012."
text: CLOSER ON A LANDING
text: A SCIENTIST wearing glasses and a hat rounds the corner,
text: followed by a soldier with a rifle.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: keeps looking down.
text: His hands try again to stop the gears turning. Then he grabs
text: some wires.
text: Bond's face registers exertion as he tries to pull the wires
dialog: apart.
text: The timer drops from "010" to "009."
speaker_heading: THE WIRES
text: Bond's hands keep pulling them, then suddenly another hand
text: reaches in and flips a switch at the side of the machinery.
text: The mechanism stops. TILT UP to the scientist. He looks down
text: at the timer.
speaker_heading: THE TIMER
text: is stopped at "007."
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks over at him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: What kept you?
speaker_heading: THE SCIENTIST
text: looks up at Bond.
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: TRACK BACK on Felix as he runs up to Bond with Johnnie and
text: some military officers.
dialog: 143.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: You okay, James? Where's your
dialog: butler friend?
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks up at Felix.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh, he blew a fuse.
text: PAN on Bond as he walks over to Felix.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Three more ticks and Mister
dialog: Goldfinger would have hit the
dialog: jackpot.
text: The scientist walks up, shows Felix the primer and walks off
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Did you get him?
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: Not yet, but he won't get far.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: And Pussy?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: She helped us switch the gas in the
dialog: canisters. By the way, what made
dialog: her call Washington?
text: DOLLY IN on Bond.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (straight - faced)
dialog: I must have appealed to her
dialog: maternal instincts.
text: He looks at Felix.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - DAY
text: A convoy approaches a plane -- a black convertible, a black
text: limousine and a white station wagon.
text: The vehicles stop. Felix gets out of the back seat of the
text: convertible, followed by Bond.
dialog: 144,
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: C'mon, James. Get aboard. You
dialog: can't keep the President waiting.
text: DOLLY with them as they walk to the plane.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Special plane. Lunch at the white
dialog: House. How come?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: The President wants to thank you
dialog: personally.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (straightening his cuffs)
dialog: Oh, it was nothing, really.
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: I know that, but he doesn't.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I suppose I'll be able to get a
dialog: drink here?
text: They reach the plane.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: I told the stewardess liquor for
dialog: three.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (looking back at him)
dialog: Who are the other two?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Oh, there are no other two.
text: Bond grins. Felix holds his hand out and they shake hands.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Goodbye, Felix.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: So long, James. Good luck.
text: Bond turns to a man in an Army uniform and shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Thank you, brigadier.
text: Bond walks up the steps to the plane.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Good luck.
dialog: 145.
text: Bond looks back.
text: ANGLE ON THE TARMAC
text: Felix, Johnnie, the brigadier and other officers wave to him.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: salutes them and steps into the fuselage.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE TARMAC
text: Bond's plane taxis away from the group.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - FLYING - DAY
text: The plane flies through a cloudy sky. Lettering on the plane
text: says "UNITED STATES."
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - DAY - SAME TIME
text: Bond, sitting in a swivel chair, undoes his seatbelt and looks
text: out the window.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Bond adjusts an overhead air-jet then leans forward again,
text: looking out the window.
text: A SET OF CURTAINS TO THE COCKPIT
text: The curtains suddenly part and Goldfinger steps into the cabin
text: in his military uniform holding his gold revolver.
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR - DAY - SAME TIME
text: THREE CREWMEN struggle with ropes around their arms and legs
text: and gags in their mouths.
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: Bond swivels around -- and sees Goldfinger. His expression
text: sinks.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT - GOLDFINGER
text: aims his gun at Bond.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I am glad to have you aboard,
dialog: Mister Bond.
dialog: 146.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT - BOND
text: looks back at him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, congratulations on your
dialog: promotion, Goldfinger.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GOLDFINGER
text: He walks closer to Bond.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOND
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Are you having lunch at the White
dialog: House, too?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GOLDFINGER
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: In two hours, I shall be in Cuba.
dialog: And you have interfered with my
dialog: plans for the last time, Mister
dialog: Bond.
text: Goldfinger cocks the trigger. Bond looks up at him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: It's, uh, very dangerous to fire
dialog: guns in planes. I even had to warn
dialog: Pussy about it. Er, by the way,
dialog: where is she?
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
dialog: I will deal with her later.
scene_heading: TWO-SHOT - BOND AND GOLDFINGER
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: At the moment, she is where she
dialog: ought to be -- at the controls.
text: Goldfinger gestures forward with the gun. Bond suddenly grabs
text: his arm. He swings Goldfinger around, grabbing for the gun.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Bond and Goldfinger struggle over the gun.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOND
text: Goldfinger strikes Bond twice on the neck with the gun. Bond
text: grabs Goldfinger's arm and pushes him backwards, then
text: Goldfinger turns and flings Bond onto one of the seats.
dialog: 147.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: punches Goldfinger in the jaw.
speaker_heading: GOLDFINGER
text: falls backwards. Bond jumps up and hits him in the chest.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Bond hits Goldfinger in the chest again and grabs the arm
text: holding the gun. Goldfinger flings his arms around Bond's
dialog: torso.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: Bond and Goldfinger struggle over the gun. It fires.
text: A WINDOW IN THE PLANE
dialog: bursts.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE CONTROLS
text: All meters suddenly drop.
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: Bond hangs onto a rail as Goldfinger is sucked forward.
scene_heading: THE BROKEN WINDOW
text: continues to suck air out.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE CABIN
text: Goldfinger flies head-first toward the open window.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: Goldfinger swivels and the suction pulls him legs-first toward
text: the window.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: The suction pulls Goldfinger's legs through the window. PAN
text: over to his screaming face.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: hangs onto the railing, being almost sucked out of the plane
dialog: himself.
dialog: 148.
text: ANGLE ON THE WINDOW
text: Goldfinger is sucked out into space.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE CABIN
text: Bond continues to hang from the rail as everything not tied
text: down is sucked out the window.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - BOND
text: clutches the rail.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE - DAY - SAME TIME
text: The plane dives toward the ground.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: Pussy pulls back uselessly on the stick.
scene_heading: INSERT - AIR PRESSURE GAUGE
text: It registers "8" out of "35," then rises a few points.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: falls onto a couch.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: Pussy keeps pulling back on the stick.
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: Bond struggles to his feet and starts moving toward the
dialog: cockpit.
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR - DAY - SAME TIME
text: The three crewmen, still bound and gagged, now lie unconscious
text: in f.g. An ARMY OFFICER in the entryway waves outside. Felix
text: and Johnnie run in and all three run toward the crewmen.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - SAME TIME
text: Bond has almost reached the cockpit.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT - SAME TIME
text: Pussy keeps pulling back on the stick. Bond enters.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Pussy!
dialog: 149.
text: She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: What happened? Where's Goldfinger?
text: Bond grabs the co-pilot stick and tries to steer it.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Playing his golden harp.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE - SAME TIME
text: It continues to dive.
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
speaker_heading: PUSSY
dialog: It's no good!
text: Bond keeps trying to steady the stick. He looks ahead.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL TOWER - DAY - SAME TIME
text: Half a dozen men look at a scope, including Felix and Johnnie.
text: ON THE SCOPE
text: A glowing dot drops from 8,000 to 5,000 feet.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE - SAME TIME
text: It keeps diving.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - SAME TIME
text: Bond looks at Pussy. Pussy looks back helplessly.
scene_heading: IN THE CONTROL TOWER - CLOSER ANGLE
text: The men keep looking at the scope.
text: ON THE SCOPE
text: The dot is at 4,000 feet, but now another dot appears,
text: dropping to 2,000 feet.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE - SAME TIME
text: It dives into the ocean and crashes.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: A helicopter flies overhead.
dialog: 150.
scene_heading: IN THE HELICOPTER - SAME TIME
text: Felix sits in the passenger seat looking down, the PILOT
text: beside him.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER'S POV - TREES
text: They fly over numerous trees, no sign of Bond.
scene_heading: IN THE HELICOPTER
text: Felix looks ahead, then in the other direction.
text: GROUND ANGLE ON THE HELICOPTER
text: It continues to pass overhead. Pussy rises and waves her
text: white jacket at it.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - PUSSY
text: continues to wave at it. Suddenly:
speaker_heading: BOND (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, no, you don't.
text: He grabs her ankle. She tumbles down into his arm, a
text: parachute behind them.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: This is no time to be rescued.
text: They kiss passionately. Bond grabs the edge of the parachute
text: and pulls it over them.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: TILT UP from the parachute to the helicopter hovering
text: pointlessly above.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: THE END TITLES appear, beginning with:
speaker_heading: THE END
speaker_heading: OF
scene_heading: "GOLDFINGER"
speaker_heading: BUT
speaker_heading: JAMES BOND
speaker_heading: WILL BE BACK
speaker_heading: IN
scene_heading: "THUNDERBALL"
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
