scene_heading: FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
speaker_heading: GOLD
scene_heading: BEST ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
dialog: Patrick Massett & John Zinman
speaker_heading: TWC
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: by
dialog: Patrick Massett & John Zinman
scene_heading: EXT. THE JUNGLES OF INDONESIA - DAY
text: A NATIVE slashes through thick foliage, leading a patrol of
text: INDONESIAN MILITARY -- shouted commands and radio chatter.
text: The tribesmen hack through the perimeter of the brush and the
text: party emerges onto the wide silt bank of a muddy river.
text: Suddenly WILD BOAR let out a chorus of squeals and scatter
text: into the brush, and there, splayed on the river bank, we find--
text: A BODY.
text: One of the soldiers approaches -- the stench is palpable --
text: the body already decomposing.
text: The soldier finds a wallet, checks the ID -- we don’t see the
text: identity. The Soldier speaks into his radio.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: (Indonesian)
dialog: We have the body...
text: While from the jungle the eyes of a wild pig can be seen
text: peering out, waiting to resume its meal.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DIMLY LIT ROOM - DAY
text: A hand tosses ice into a low ball. Realizes there’s no booze.
text: Into the cabinet, finds a stashed bottle. The MAN pours a
text: healthy measure of whiskey. KENNY WELLS (40's), unshaven,
text: takes a long drink, masking his nerves. He is a about an inch
dialog: from total collapse.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Sure I can’t pour you one?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: No, thanks. I’m working.
text: The VOICE is calm, in control, authoritarian.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: All the more reason.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Wells, sit. We’ve got a lot to cover.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Here I am. Fire away.
text: Wells raises his glass in a mock toast. He will not be rushed.
text: He’s got an easy smile and sparkling eyes -- but his face
text: tells the story of a man acquainted with his whiskey.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: How did you meet Michael Acosta?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: The first time or the second time?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: How did you meet him, Wells?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You sure you don’t want a drink?
dialog: You’re making me nervous.
text: Wells sits and faces us. Off the silence --
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: April of ‘88 -- I had three properties
dialog: crap out on me in six week period.
text: SIERRA NEVADA RANGE... TILT DOWN to find Reno against it...
scene_heading: EXT. RENO, NEVADA - DAY
dialog: SUPER: Reno, Nevada... April, 1988
text: -- ROULETTE WHEEL SPINNING, reveal it’s in a grocery store.
text: - COWS GRAZING scrubland on the edge of town.
text: - OLD CASINOS. Dusty ranches. Tourists. Migrant workers.
text: -- A ONE-ARMED BANDIT, with a gun “arm,” pays out nickels.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ...SLOWLY TIGHTENING as if a dry wind carries us to...
scene_heading: EXT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - MORNING
dialog: 
text: A faded watering hole from the boomtown days.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: I was on the balls of my ass,
text: scrambling. Not exactly uncharted
dialog: waters, but I was in pretty deep...
text: A beat up ‘79 Caddy Eldorado, covered in a layer of road
text: grime, it’s bumper held on with wire, pulls into a spot and
text: dies. For this hour there are already many cars in the lot.
text: Through a smoky haze, Wells stares out, eyes like a Bukowski
text: poem. He’s got one lit cigarette as he lights another. Flicks
text: ashes at the ashtray, misses -- a constellation of burn marks.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: Ten AM. And I knew the board of
dialog: directors had already convened.
scene_heading: INT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 
text: Wells enters like the cock of the walk, back slapping and
text: waving hellos, a well-liked regular. His suit looks like it
dialog: might have been slept in... more than once.
text: Middle-age men in bad suits with bad hair fill the tables,
text: working phone lines and yellow pads. These are modern-day
text: “prospectors,” promoting bottom-feeder mining stocks. Pass a
text: couple regulars -- CONRAD “CONNIE” WRIGHT (40’s) and SCOTTIE
text: NEVINS (50's) -- doing more drinking than working.
text: A BARMAID concentrates on scratching a lotto ticket that looks
dialog: like the slots: Cherry... Cherry... Cherry! The winning
dialog: amount: $5.00 --
text: Wells approaches one of the traders, clamping down on his
text: shoulders with both hands, working out the knots. This is
text: BOBBY BURNS (50's), balding, pouring a shot into his coffee.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Bobby Burns!
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Oh yeah, that’s the stuff...
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You boys hear about this cowboy’s
dialog: tombstone that won the contest for
dialog: Best Tombstone? The 5 Rules To Follow
dialog: For A Happy Life...
text: Smiles from the guys at the surrounding tables. They all lean
text: in to listen. Wells clearly loves the attention.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: One: it’s important to have a woman
dialog: who helps at home, cooks from time to
text: time, cleans up and has a job. Two:
dialog: it’s important to have a woman who can
dialog: make you laugh. Three: it’s important
dialog: to have a woman you can trust, and
dialog: doesn’t lie to you. Four: it’s
dialog: important to have a woman who is good
dialog: in bed, and likes to be with you.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Five: it’s very important that these
dialog: four women do not know each other or
dialog: you could end up dead like me.
text: Everyone laughs. Wells beams, punctuating the punch-line with
text: a slap on Burns’s back. Burns calls out to the barmaid --
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Whaddayou think, Kay?
text: KAY is short for KAYLENE, an ex-Jr. Miss Reno, and second
dialog: runner-up Jr. Miss Nevada. She loves Joe Montana, horses, and
text: Kenny, though in reverse order. Kay’s jeans are a half-size
text: too small, not because she’s trying to be sexy but because
text: she’s happy.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I‘1l kill him right now.
text: More laughter. Wells loudest of all.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (to Burns)
dialog: So, whatcha working? Anything I should
dialog: know about?
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Telmerek. Their Aukland stake, the
dialog: bank called the note. I picked up a
dialog: bunch of the debt, I gotta flip it
dialog: before the call.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Any bites?
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Nibbles.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Keep throwing that line.
text: A pat on the arm and he’s off to the bar where his double
text: Seagrams is already being poured by ROY BAKER (60's), sweet
text: face that’s seen some miles -- like a broken down boxer.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: A little eye opener, Kenny?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Breakfast of champions, Roy. Breakfast
dialog: of champions.
text: Wells raises his glass in his signature salute.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
text: To the mother lode.
text: Wells pounds the whiskey and WE GO...
scene_heading: INT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - BACK BOOTH - LATER
text: Wells sits at his “desk” -- the corner booth in the back of
text: the bar. Working one of the two phones on the table. He
text: flicks the ash from his smoke into a half full ashtray.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: ..-It’s an outstanding opportunity,
dialog: which is why I’m calling you
dialog: personally. The geologic reports are
dialog: encouraging and we’re taking a very
dialog: aggressive position. We’re looking at
text: yields in the high six figures.
dialog: A prospectus? ...Of course, I can mail
dialog: one right out. I should tell you,
dialog: though - this offering is already
dialog: oversubscribed. I’m taking out of my
dialog: own holdings to cover demand but hey,
dialog: we can always get you in on the next
dialog: one... I understand. Look, why don’t
dialog: I give you a ring this afternoon and
dialog: we'll see if there are any parcels
dialog: left. Well, if you just give me...
text: Click. Another one that got away.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: You have a pleasant day...
text: He hangs up the receiver and grabs his drink, a HAND stops it
text: before it reaches his lips.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: 11:15, Kenny.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Oh, Christ.
text: He hops out of the booth. Maybe drinking all morning suddenly
dialog: not the best idea.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: There’s a fresh shirt in the “office.”
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Where would I be without you?
dialog: 5A.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Sittin’ right here.
text: Wells grabs his briefcase and heads into his adjunct office.
scene_heading: INT. GREENHORNS BATHROOM - DAY
text: Fresh shirt laid out. Wells gives himself a sink bath.
text: Electric shave. Visine. Gargle of Scope.
dialog: And WE GO...
scene_heading: INT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - MOMENTS LATER
dialog: 
text: Wells emerges, transformed, presents himself to Kay.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: It’s a miracle.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: A million bucks?
dialog: Her looks says let’s not get carried away, but she says:
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Two million.
text: He drains his drink.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I‘1l come by for you after. We’1ll
dialog: celebrate.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I’‘1l have my dancing shoes on.
text: Down the bar a NICKEL SLOT MACHINE noisily pays out. They both
dialog: see this as a good sign.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’ve got a good feeling about this.
dialog: And he’s off. And WE GO:
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN & MEAD CAPITAL GROUP - RECEPTION - DAY
dialog: 
text: TIGHT ON a PICTORIAL in Northern Prospector. Wells, in the
text: reception of a local investment bank, flipping pages. Flip
text: Flip. Checks his watch, looks at the receptionist, BEV.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Any idea how much longer, Bev?
speaker_heading: BEV
dialog: Shouldn’t be too much longer now,
dialog: Kenny. How you been?
dialog: 6A.
text: He makes the so-so gesture with his hand. Two bankers enter.
text: LLOYD STANTON (30's) and HENRY ANDREWS, even younger, in nicer
text: suits, with looks on their faces that say, “Let's get this
text: over with.” Stanton extends his hand.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Mr. Wells, I’m Lloyd Stanton. My
dialog: colleague Henry Andrews.
text: Wells puts on a smile and shakes hands.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Good to meet you.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Come on back.
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN & MEAD CAPITAL GROUP - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Stanton and Andrews take seats at one end of the conference
text: table. Wells stands uncomfortably alone at the other end.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: What can we do for you?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Aren't we waiting for Clive?
speaker_heading: STANTON
text: Mr. Coleman is tied up in a meeting.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: No offense boys, but I was supposed to
dialog: be meeting with Clive.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: None taken. But, if you were
dialog: supposed to be meeting with Clive
dialog: you'd be meeting with Clive.
text: That stung. Wells takes just a moment to recover. Sits. Slaps
text: a smile on his face and slides documents across the table.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: We're developing some very exciting
dialog: properties that are spot-on for your
dialog: investor profile: low buy-in with a
text: sizable upside and the beautiful part
dialog: is they’re all only twelve to eighteen
dialog: months to cash positive.
text: Stanton and Andrews listen impassively, scanning the documents.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: Manitoba?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: We picked up an option on a skipped
dialog: claim at auction.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: It’s a ninety day option.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Yes, the window is narrow, but there’s
dialog: an excellent shale formation that...
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: ...-Natural Gas? Environmental
dialog: impact’s gonna be a bitch. I don’t
dialog: like the liability. What’s next?
text: He dismissively flips the page, leaving Wells to quickly
dialog: shift gears.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Eastern Utah. We’re sitting on a nice
dialog: land-lease opportunity. The
dialog: overburden is borax rich so there’s an
dialog: immediate revenue source, but the real
text: prize is in the granite under-shelf.
dialog: Our studies point to rich chromium and
dialog: nickel deposits.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
dialog: There’s a pretty long chain of title
dialog: on this claim. No payouts. What
dialog: makes you think you’re gonna be
dialog: luckier than all these others?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: All under capitalized. Never got past
dialog: development, none of them.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Under capitalized? I’m not sure under
dialog: capitalized does your situation
dialog: justice.
text: Wells swallows down another helping of pride and pushes on.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: We've hit a down turn, yes, true
dialog: enough, but...
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: .-.-Mr. Wells, Washoe has a practical
dialog: value hovering just above zero. Your
dialog: debt load is untenable and you come to
dialog: us with raw land, no infrastructure,
dialog: no fungible assets. You can’t possibly
dialog: expect us to underwrite this.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m talking about a small offering
dialog: here. If you’ll just look at the geo
dialog: you'll see what I see, which is money.
text: Stanton looks him in the eye. A beat.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Not our money.
text: He closes the documents with an air of finality.
speaker_heading: STANTON (CONT'D)
dialog: We can’t help you, Mr. Wells.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: These are jackpot, gentlemen. You
dialog: back away from these - these are
dialog: career changing opportunities.
text: Stanton rises from his chair.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: If you'll excuse us.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I want to talk to Clive!
text: Wells stands, his already red face flushing, every broken
text: capillary showing like battle scars.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: My father put Clive Coleman on the
dialog: map. He built this goddamn bank!
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: You are not your father, Mr. Wells.
text: Like a dagger. Wells stands stunned by the statement.
speaker_heading: STANTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Bring us something we can sell and
dialog: we'll talk.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: These are good properties.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: They’re crap, Wells. Played out hand-
dialog: me-downs. I’d be embarrassed to even
dialog: talk to my clients about them.
dialog: Andrews...
text: Stanton slides the documents across the table at Wells.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: STANTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Is there anything else?
text: Wells gathers up his papers.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Yeah. Go fuck yourself.
text: He grabs his bag and walks out with as much dignity as he
dialog: can muster.
text: Stanton watches him go. He knows he did his job, he kicked
text: Wells's ass, but it doesn’t mean he has to feel good about it.
dialog: There but by the grace of God... Andrews, on the other hand,
text: is smiling, misreading his boss.
speaker_heading: ANDREWS
text: Not even noon and the guy reeks like a
dialog: still.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Shut up, Andrews.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. WELLS'S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Wells on the street. Tracking with him. Walk of shame. Door
text: slams. Leans back in his car seat. Trembling.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: That had to be the worst day of my
dialog: life.
text: WE PULL IN CLOSE on Wells's face, panic rising in his eyes...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: AN AMBER STREAM OF SEAGRAMS splashing over a tumbler of ice.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O) (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd lost my house and was living at
dialog: Kay's. We were pretty close to losing
dialog: that, too.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL WE ARE...
scene_heading: EXT. RENO NEIGHBORHOOD - DUSK
text: A street of small tract homes. A nice little neighborhood
dialog: forty years ago, now it feels a lot like the people who live
text: here -- tired and in need of attention. It’s getting dark,
text: that moment the night and soul closes in.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. KAY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: The place is small and reflects a woman’s touch, just the
text: slightest bit girly. Everything worn, humble, but maintained.
text: On the counter, we see a mess of BILLS, mostly RED NOTICES --
text: Phone. Electric. Gas. Car. Wells sits on the edge of the sofa,
text: talking on the phone, pitching for his very life.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: ...we’re looking at yields in the high
dialog: six figures... Yes, that’s right.
dialog: Kenny Wells. Washoe Mining. I spoke to
dialog: your wife last week.
text: A SERIES OF DISSOLVES. MORE WHISKEY -- as much spills on the
text: table as makes it into the glass. On the table, a pretty good
text: dent in the bottle.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: ...I’m taking out of my personal
dialog: holdings to cover demand... Could you
dialog: hold on a sec, I’ve got to take this
dialog: call...
speaker_heading: IT’S DARK NOW
text: Wells is now slumped in an armchair. He muzzles the phone and
text: reaches for his drink.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O) (CONT'D)
dialog: Washoe Mining, the company my
text: grandfather scratched out of the side
dialog: of a Nevada mountain, that my father
text: built into a real player.
text: He drinks with a shaky hand. Steadies, and downs the rest.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O) (CONT'D)
dialog: .--It only took me five years to run
text: it into the ground.
text: He’s blind drunk, struggling to get his mouth around the
text: words. The fight has gone out of him...
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: If you could just let me know when a
dialog: good time would be for us to sit down,
dialog: I’m sure you would see...
text: But that’s as far as he gets. The hum of the dead line. He
text: sets the phone down, leans his head against the cold window
text: and closes his eyes. His breath fogs the glass instantly.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O) (CONT'D)
dialog: At the close of that day, Washoe was
dialog: trading at four cents a share - if it
dialog: was trading at all...
text: He pulls a cig, last in the pack. Fire flares in his
dialog: 11a.
dialog: eyes.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. DIMLY LIT ROOM - DAY (PRESENT)
text: Hand, cigarette, fire, a deep inhale. Wells's eyes -- turning
text: his attention back to the off-screen voice.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Rock bottom, as they say. Pun
dialog: intended.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: You're avoiding the question, Mr.
dialog: Wells. How was the Indonesian venture
dialog: with Acosta initiated?
text: Wells leans back in his chair, a challenge in his expression.
dialog: If we want the story, we’re gonna have to indulge him awhile.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Relax. I’m getting there.
scene_heading: INT. KAY’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kay walks into the house, still in her sales vest, with its
dialog: name tag - “Hi! I’m Kay!” - looking for Wells...
scene_heading: INT. KAY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: ..-who she finds passed out on the sofa. She takes in the
text: prospectus papers all over the floor, the bottle of
text: Seagrams, mostly drained.
text: She stores her tips. Lights one of Kenny’s cigarettes. Pours a
text: drink. Puts on some music. Through thin curtains sees a
text: neighbor dragging a trash can around the side of the house.
text: Kay flops back on the couch next to Wells. He realizes she’s
text: home and sorta half sits up.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Oh Kay. What are we gonna do? Kay?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Just shush...
text: And he sags against her, head on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What are we gonna do?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: We'll get by, baby. We always do.
dialog: 13.
text: His eyes have eased shut. Which she looks sideways and sees.
text: She sighs, leans her head back, takes a sharp pull on her cig
text: and blows smoke up at the ceiling. And we look down at the
text: tableau through the smoke.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: I had a half a gallon of Seagrams in
dialog: me. I should’ve been dead. But I
dialog: wasn’t. Instead, what happened was I
dialog: had a dream. I mean, literally. I had
dialog: a dream.
text: Camera pushes down, tightening on Wells...
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)(CONT’D)
dialog: Indonesia...
text: Closing on Wells's sleeping eyes. And suddenly WE ARE --
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: WE SOAR above the jungle canopy, diving down through the lush
text: foliage, emerging atop a jagged ridge overlooking --
text: A PRISTINE JUNGLE VALLEY. A shimmering river winds through.
text: Everything is bathed in BRILLIANT GOLDEN LIGHT, breathtaking.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: I met Mike Acosta years earlier. That
dialog: was the first time. I still hada
dialog: little money then and Indonesia was
dialog: booming. I was looking for a way to
dialog: get in...
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE RIVER - DAY
text: Boots splashing through a shallow creek. A HAND scoops into
text: shallow moving water and pulls up a fistful of silt. A figure
text: silhouetted in jungle.
scene_heading: SUPER: INDONESIA - 1982
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: ..-Back then, if you were aiming to
dialog: put a hole in the ground in Indonesia,
dialog: you wanted Mike Acosta telling you
dialog: where to dig.
text: TIGHT ON miners carrying bags of ore up wooden ladders.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: He was what they called a “River
dialog: Walker.” A hands-on geologist. The
dialog: real deal: Oxford college, MIT.
dialog: 13A.
text: And AT THE TOP FIND MIKE ACOSTA, 30's, giving orders,
text: squinting against the light, something regal in his bearing.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Mom was Venezuelan. Dad, English. Left
dialog: when he was little. That’s always
dialog: tough.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. JAKARTA HOSTESS BAR - NIGHT
text: Diaphanously clad HOSTESSES lounge with businessmen. Racy as
text: hell for a Muslim country. Everyone sweating cheap booze.
text: Acosta holds court at a corner table. Prospectors hang on
text: every word. Chief among them Kenny Wells.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: He’d just discovered the largest
dialog: copper strike in Southeast Asia and
dialog: everyone wanted a piece of him. And
dialog: for a half-English guy, his teeth
dialog: weren’t all that messed up.
text: Acosta dumps an ashtray on the table, scatters the contents,
text: using ashes and burning embers to illustrate his point.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You got the Nazca plate off South
dialog: America, the Pacific plate, Juan de
dialog: Fuca, North American, South American.
dialog: You've got trenches, fissures and
dialog: fault lines - Aleutian, Marianas,
dialog: Tonga - the plates rubbing and
dialog: grinding up on each other - six
dialog: trillion kilobars of pressure, ten
dialog: thousand degrees Celsius kicking up
dialog: geothermic hot spots all along the
dialog: Pacific Rim.
text: He takes them all in with a rogue’s smile... An INDONESIAN
text: GIRL, who understands no English, hangs on his every word.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: Pressure, heat and time. And there’s
dialog: no better cooker than right here.
text: Is he talking about geology now, or where his hand is resting
text: on the back of the thigh of the Indonesian girl?
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: He called it the “Ring of Fire”
dialog: theory. And he definitely had
text: everyone's attention.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: It’s how I found the copper, and it’s
dialog: why I’1l find the gold.
text: Find Wells nodding along, smitten.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: I was too small-time to really get his
dialog: ear, but I kept tabs on him... And
dialog: then I had the dream.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KAY’S HOUSE - VARIOUS - MORNING
dialog: 
text: Still drunk, Wells digs through junk piled in a disused room
text: that houses an old broken down jacuzzi. An empty pool outside
text: in a concrete yard. He searches a milk crate with items from a
text: long ago move. Finds an old business card -- MICHAEL ACOSTA.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Okay, okay. Here we go.
text: Now he moves to a dresser, a JEWELRY BOX sits on top. A glance
text: to the sleeping Kay. And he opens the box. He pulls out an
text: ANTIQUE PAVE DIAMOND AND GOLD LADIES PENDANT WATCH.
text: Kay stirs and Wells slips the watch into his pocket.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (sleepy)
dialog: You're up early.
text: He gives her a kiss goodbye which turns into a real kiss as
text: she pulls him down.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You wanna talk about yesterday?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’ve got a plan. I’ve gotta go.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Kenny, listen. Carl had an idea...
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Carl? American Home Carl?
speaker_heading: 15aA.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: He said he could get you on, for a
dialog: while, if you wanted.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I... I don’t know... I’m not really --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I bought everything you’re selling and
dialog: I’m no fool. You could sell ice to
dialog: Eskimos.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I don’t know, babe. Let me get back
dialog: from this trip.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: It'd be temporary. Just til the market
dialog: turns.
dialog: (a real proposal)
dialog: We could fool around in the warehouse.
dialog: 15A.
dialog: 16.
text: A moment as he looks at her. All sorts of things going on in
text: there. It’s love. And the certainty she’s with him. Always.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I'll be back soon, a week at most. If
dialog: it doesn’t pan out, I'll talk to Carl.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Wait. What? Back from where?
text: And he’s gone. Kay gets up, mystified, about to go after him
text: when she sees the open jewelry box. Her watch is gone.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dammit, Kenny--!
scene_heading: INT. PAWN SHOP - DAY
text: A GOLD ROLEX PRESIDENTIAL sliding off a wrist. It’s placed on
text: a counter, followed by a diamond pinky ring, sapphire cuff
text: links and Kay’s pendant watch.
text: A ROLL OF CASH changes hands.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: I didn't think twice. I was on my way.
scene_heading: EXT. PAWN SHOP - DAY
text: Pushing as Wells exits, counting his money, wiping frame...
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: It was like I was being called. It was
dialog: the gold calling. I know that sounds
dialog: crazy, but if you knew that feeling...
dialog: If you knew...
text: As a PASSENGER JET TAKES OFF just over the pawn shop.
scene_heading: EXT. JAKARTA, INDONESIA - ESTABLISHING - MORNING
dialog: 
text: The city sparkles -- it’s a collision of tradition and
text: technology; tall towers and shanty towns; soaring wealth and
text: crushing poverty. There’s something electric about it.
scene_heading: Super: JAKARTA, INDONESIA
text: WE FIND Wells entering one of the finest hotels in the world.
scene_heading: INT. JAKARTA PALACE HOTEL - AFTERNOON
dialog: 
text: Lavish. Everything the name implies. Wells on a house phone.
text: One cigarette smolders in an ashtray as he lights another.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Yeah, Mike, it’s Kenny Wells. I’m in
text: the lobby of the Jakarta Palace...
dialog: leaving another message. We must have
dialog: gotten our wires crossed about the
dialog: time. Look, I have a few other
dialog: meetings, I'll try and move things
dialog: around. Give me a jingle, okay?
text: He hangs up. He checks where his watch would be. Asks a
text: passing waiter the time. Still no Acosta. He drinks. Drags on
text: his smoke and burning ash falls on his jacket, making a hole.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Goddammit.
text: He starts to furiously brush it off when he hears --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (0.S.)
dialog: Wells?
text: And there’s ACOSTA. Calm and confident and smiling.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hey, Mike! Thanks for coming. It’s
dialog: good to see you again.
text: Does Acosta remember him? Maybe. A hustler trying his best not
text: to look needy. Disapproving eyes from around the clubby lobby.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: I know a local place, a bit more
dialog: color, if you know what I mean.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What, they’re not pouring here?
text: Then Acosta remarks something in Indonesian and a lobby clerk
text: snaps obsequiously, ushers them toward the lounge.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Now you’re talking, Mike.
scene_heading: INT. JAKARTA PALACE HOTEL - LOBBY - LATER
text: A discreet bar cart navigates a lounge area now packed with
dialog: Jakarta’s international business elite.
speaker_heading: WELLS (0.S.)
dialog: .--So this salesman goes up to a house
text: and knocks on the front door. It's
text: opened by a ten year-old boy who has a
text: lighted cigar in one hand, a glass of
text: whiskey in the other and a Penthouse
text: magazine tucked under his arm.
dialog: Salesman: "Hello son. Is your mom or
dialog: dad home?” The little boy: "What the
dialog: fuck do you think?"
text: Wells laughs loud. A BARMAN mixes their drinks. Acosta takes
text: his, glances at his watch.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: So, Kenny, what are we talking about?
speaker_heading: WELLS
text: Ring of fire, Mike. Ring of fire.
text: Acosta gives a little laugh.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You're playing my greatest hits, now.
dialog: Fire’s gone out of that one.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What are you talking about?
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Ring of fire hasn’t been proven. It’s
dialog: the opinion of my fellow esteemed
dialog: geologists that the whole thing is,
dialog: quoting here, a crock of shit.
text: Wells takes a moment, the wheels turning, then...
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Well, what the hell? You called it
dialog: wrong, what are you gonna do?
text: Acosta shoots a look.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: In this game there is no right or
dialog: wrong, there’s only hits and misses.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: So, you still think you’re right?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: I don’t think I’m right. I know I’m
dialog: right. There’s gold here.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m happy you said that, Mike. I truly
dialog: am. I believe you.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: I hate to dash your hopes, but don’t
dialog: you think others have come along
dialog: before you, with the same thought and,
dialog: from the looks of it, deeper pockets?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Ring of fire is real. I knew it the
dialog: minute I heard it. It was like a
dialog: lightning strike. I never forgot it.
text: Acosta laughs. He can’t help it.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Go ahead and laugh. I’m used to it.
dialog: But hear this, I don’t just believe, I
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: No one will back me on this one.
text: Wells mixes them both two more strong ones.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I will. I’11 get the money.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You look like you had to rob someone
dialog: to get here.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Tell me where you want to dig, Mike,
dialog: and I’1l make sure the bills are paid.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You roll in here like we’re old pals?
dialog: I’m a mirage, mate. You know jack shit
dialog: about who I am.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You know it’s out there. I can see it
dialog: in your eyes. You still believe.
dialog: As Wells says this, we can see Acosta start to believe, maybe
text: for the first time in a while.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: I get it. I was born on the side of a
dialog: mountain, too. My father scraped
dialog: everything he had out of the rocks. He
text: died with dirt under his fingernails.
dialog: I intend to do the same.
text: Acosta just might be wavering. Wells won’t let him get away.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: This business wrote me off years ago,
dialog: and maybe you’re not running a hot
dialog: hand... Let’s prove ‘em wrong. Prove
dialog: all of them wrong. And you know why?
dialog: ‘Cause Ring of Fire is right. Tell me
dialog: I’m crazy, I’1ll be on the next plane.
text: Acosta is inscrutable. Wells waits, sweating. Finally:
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You're crazy.
text: Acosta rises from the table. He tosses cash down and brushes
text: past, leaving Wells like a raft with a hole in it.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you have a hat?
text: DISCOVER Acosta has stopped behind Wells with a kind of this
dialog: is the dumbest thing I'll ever do expression.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Yeah, I got a hat.
dialog: 21.
text: But Wells is starting to smile.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Good. I’m taking you upriver.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What river is that, Mike?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: The only one that matters.
text: Acosta walks out. Wells drains his drink. And WE GO...
scene_heading: EXT. TALKING BIRD FISHING VILLAGE - DAY
text: A fishing village on market day. Talking birds, snake gazers,
text: and WELLS, weekend sporty, exiting a cab. The DRIVER yells and
text: points toward the river. Everyone wants to sell him something.
text: He sees Acosta waiting by a traditional freighter canoe with
text: the long-shaft outboard. The boatman, OBB, smokes a cigarette.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You're late. This is Obb.
text: Wells eyes the boat warily.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: That thing gonna make it?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Let’s hope so.
dialog: (messing with him)
dialog: Ever seen a Borneo pit viper?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Well I tell you, Mikey, I feel like
dialog: I’ve met a few --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Drop out of the trees. Good swimmers,
dialog: no bigger than this...
dialog: (hands 12 inches apart)
dialog: But if one gets you, find a phone,
dialog: call your loved ones.
text: Wells looks around. A few native faces. Huts. No phones.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (re: their boat)
dialog: I went on the exact same thing once at
dialog: Weeky-Watchee.
text: Wells hops on the freighter canoe, rocking the shit out of it.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. FREIGHTER CANOE - KENSANA (KIN-SANA) RIVER - DAY
text: Obb pulls away from the pier. Wells watches “civilization”
text: disappear behind a bend. And suddenly DAYAK TRIBESMEN panning
dialog: for gold. In 300 yards, they’ve gone 5000 years back in time.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: The Dayak have been panning this river
dialog: for thousands of years. That’s how it
dialog: got it’s name, “Daya Kensana.”
text: Acosta lets that hang there, like a tease.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Daya Kensana?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: The word, Daya, actually means
dialog: upstream... Kensana means gold.
text: Wells can’t contain his smile.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Upstream Gold?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: That’s its name.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You gotta be shittin’ me. If I had
dialog: invented it, I wouldn’t have had the
dialog: balls to name it that.
text: ANGLES ON THE JOURNEY
text: Natives pass in a canoe going the other way; wildlife along
text: the shore; ANGLES from shore, poo rafts next to clothes
text: washing next to teeth brushing. Wells staring. A snake drops
text: and swims through the water. Wells coolly lights a cigarette.
text: RISE UP TO SEE the freighter canoe tiny with a white wake, the
text: river golden in color, bisecting an endless green canopy.
text: Wells POVs. Sun and jet lag. The steady buzz of the prop.
text: Peering from under his hat, water rolling by. His eyes fight
text: it, then shut. Then Acosta is shaking him awake. River
text: narrower and darker under overhanging trees.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. KENSANA RIVER LANDING - DAY
text: The boatman pulls up at a muddy bank. A faint trail goes up
text: into jungle. Acosta hops ashore and Wells follows.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: So, listen... the Dayak are warrior
dialog: people. Probably best known for
text: Ngayau... headhunting.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: They believe all of a man’s power is
text: centered in his head. So they take the
dialog: head. Doesn’t happen much anymore, but
dialog: they're probably around thinking we’re
dialog: traders or someone’s mother-in-law.
text: Suddenly Wells freezes. There are FACES in the leaves,
text: watching them. Then Wells realizes Acosta has vanished up a
text: dense trail. Wells nearly runs after him.
text: Acosta stands. He has attached a heavy coconut to the end of a
text: bamboo stick. He tests its weight on the ground. THUMP. Then
text: sets out again. Thump Thump Thump.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Okay, I’1ll bite. What is that?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
text: It makes the king cobras and pythons
dialog: think an elephant is coming.
text: Wells watches every footfall.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE STOPPING POINT - DAY
text: Light filters from high in the canopy. THUMP THUMP THUMP. The
text: coconut vibrates the earth. Wells follows, drenched in sweat.
text: He stops.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Getting a world-class case of crotch
dialog: rot back here.
dialog: (continues, then)
dialog: Jesus... How long..?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Forty million years. For the geology
dialog: to cook. Then we come along and take
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I meant --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: I know what you meant, Wells. But
dialog: imagine being asked to give up
dialog: something you've been hoarding for 40
dialog: million years? This jungle will test
dialog: you, Wells. Hold you up, weigh you,
dialog: and decide your worth within an ounce.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Do you always talk like this? Like a
text: book on tape.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: I suppose I do. Do you listen to books
dialog: on tape, Wells? Ken Fol-let... Louis
dialog: L'Amour... Ed-gar Rice Bur-roughs?
dialog: He’s really made a meal of those pulp names.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Where are we going, Acosta?
text: A no look point back over his shoulder --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Up. I want to show you something.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Up? How far up?
dialog: 24A.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Six, seven miles tops. Watch your
dialog: step.
text: Wells looks up. If there’s a way, only Acosta can see it.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - TOP OF THE RIDGE - AFTERNOON
dialog: 
text: Acosta emerges from the foliage into a clearing. Wells
dialog: struggles up after --
text: Acosta stands on the edge, staring out like a man who’s come
text: home. Wells is bent over, sucking air, drowning in sweat...
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Take a look.
text: Wells looks out and is instantly spellbound -- it’s JUST LIKE
text: HIS DREAM. GOLDEN LIGHT sparkles over a pristine valley. The
text: KENSANA RIVER snaking around, smoke from a small village on
text: the river far in the distance.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: My God, it’s just like my dream.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: There have been a few folks up here
dialog: tapping over the years but they’ve all
text: focused on the foothills far to the
text: south, drawn by the basalt overlay.
text: He points to an area on the opposite side of the valley.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: What interests me is the other way, on
dialog: the east bank, up from the river. That
text: small depression, like a giant left a
text: footprint walking away.
dialog: Far away we see limestone features we will recognize from the
dialog: “Washoe site.” True excitement in Acosta’s voice --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: Those limestone structures are 300
dialog: million years old, the pale color
text: comes from skeletons of tiny sea
dialog: creatures. But the placer gold I’ve
text: recovered there is much older.
dialog: Something happened there, Wells.
text: Something hot and angry. That’s where
dialog: we'll find the tasty bits.
text: But Wells is barely listening. He’s transfixed.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: My dream... It’s out there...
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Damn right it is.
text: Two men together, staring out at their destiny, and WE GO:
scene_heading: EXT. KENSANA VILLAGE - DUSK
text: A small village on the river. A vendor scoops rice onto flat
text: leaves, grilling some kind of meat over an open fire. He puts
text: the two portions up on a flat board.
text: Wells goes for his wallet. Acosta stops him, producing a small
text: pouch. He removes a pinch of GOLD DUST, sprinkles it on a
text: scale on the vendor’s cart.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Coin of the realm around here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When you think about it, Gold is
dialog: utterly useless. Copper, Iron,
dialog: Beryllium, Palladium, Bismuth, these
dialog: are metals you can do something with.
dialog: But the one that’s good for nothing is
dialog: the one that everybody wants. Does
dialog: have a quality though. When you hold
dialog: it in your hand, it does something to
dialog: you.
dialog: Weights are adjusted, a little more dust -- no one can take
text: their eyes off the sparkling gold.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Like get you to spend your whole life
dialog: looking for it.
scene_heading: EXT. KENSANA VILLAGE - DUSK
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: .»+.so the lease is currently held by a
dialog: Brazilian company.
text: Acosta sits comfortably, eating. Wells searches his pockets,
text: finds a couple of mini-bar bottles of scotch, and a packet of
text: airplane peanuts. Offers one of the bottles to Acosta.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Only chance you got of surviving
dialog: what’s in that bowl of microbes.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: ...-They’re looking to unload it cheap -
dialog: getting buried on some Kazakh venture.
text: Wells finds some peanuts from the plane. Eats them.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You know, Mikey, I’m starting to love
dialog: how you talk. And the first thing I’m
dialog: gonna do is move some paper.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: None of the big guys will touch us.
text: In Wells we see a touch of the old confidence returning.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You want to raise money from the big
dialog: boys, from Harvard endowment or some
dialog: pension fund, I am not your guy. But
dialog: the little guys, the guys you’ve never
dialog: heard of... those are my guys. How
dialog: much do we need?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
text: Seven, seven-fifty to start.
text: Ouch... Wells takes a beat to re-focus.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: But how much are we gonna need?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: It’s not just the lease. We must first
dialog: procure a permit, which in Indonesia
dialog: means lining pockets. There are
dialog: capital costs, too. Equipment. You
dialog: don’t just do this with a couple
text: shovels and a pick-axe.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I‘’1l get the money. Whatever it
dialog: takes.
text: Wells is about to wipe his face with his NAPKIN, but has a
text: sudden idea. He pulls out a pen and quickly scribbles
text: something down on it then slides the napkin over to Acosta.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: A contract. Read it. Sign it.
text: Acosta looks over what Wells has written on the napkin. They
text: share a look -- a moment. WE DON’T SEE WHAT’S ON THE NAPKIN.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Fair enough.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: We got a deal?
text: Acosta signs and sticks his hand out to Wells. They shake.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Deal.
scene_heading: INT. DIMLY LIT ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: For the first time in my life, I was
dialog: selling something I believed in. I
dialog: could feel it in my bones.
text: Wells up, remembering the energy. Reveal more of the space: a
text: pastiche of several eras, kind of a luxury camp mixed with a
dialog: whorehouse.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Any real salesman will tell you...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Mr. Wells, please sit down.
text: The voice belongs to PAUL JENNINGS, early 40s, buttoned-down
text: shirt, conservative suit, but a fun tie that was probably a
text: gift. A tape recorder is on the table. Two other men, BANKS
text: and LEVINE, both 30's, skeptical, watch as Wells takes his
dialog: seat again.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: ...If you believe it, you can sure as
dialog: shit sell it.
scene_heading: INT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - MORNING
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: (braying into the phone)
dialog: Hell yeah it’s risky...
text: Bobby Burns standing mid-pitch.
speaker_heading: BURNS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m being straight here. But hey, no
dialog: risk, no reward, right?
text: It’s the usual crowd, but the mood is electric. Everyone’s
text: working the phones, telling versions of the same story.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Acosta! Largest copper strike in
dialog: history. Yeah, that guy. We got him --
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: NEVINS
dialog: Platinum resume. Pla-ti-num. Oxford.
dialog: MIT. That’s right: The Copper King --
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Kin-sana. Indonesia. It literally
dialog: means River of Gold. No, I’m not
dialog: fucking kidding.
text: Camera finding Wells AT THE BAR with his own phone, taking in
text: snippets of the phone pitches.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: It’s a 20k minimum buy-in and shares
text: are flying off the shelf.
text: Kay, passing with a tray of drinks, as Kenny tries to pull her
text: over. She shrugs out of his grasp and continues on.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Babe, this is fucking crazy --
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Going like hotcakes. Hotcakes!
text: Connie covering the mouthpiece, interrupts over --
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I’m batting 500. BabeFuckingRuth.
dialog: Every other call, Kenny.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Keep throwing the line.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: The best. What’d I tell you? The best.
dialog: (calling to Kay)
dialog: Babe, shine those dancing shoes, get
dialog: ‘em ready --
text: She flips him off. It’s not a forever anger, but she’s angry.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (0.S.)
dialog: We don’t even have the exploration
dialog: rights. What are they selling?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: They’re selling the story, Mike. And
dialog: right now, the story is you. Hey,
dialog: speaking of which, what are you doing?
dialog: 29A.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (0.S.)
dialog: I’m down in Kupang City, looking at
text: coring equipment.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (yelling to the guys)
text: Acosta’s in Kupang City looking at
text: coring equipment.
text: The sales pitch shifts, Kupang City. Special coring equipment.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Coring rigs will come from Kupang
dialog: City. I'll put you down for 20. Two
dialog: shares. You got it.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You're magic.
text: And as WE LOOK over this makeshift trading floor in full
text: action, the SOUND OF KEYS BEING PUNCHED rises above the din of
text: sales chatter -- TAPE PRINTOUT SCROLLING, and WE ARE...
scene_heading: INT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Bobby Burns bangs figures into an ADDING MACHINE. Wells
text: circles. It’s been a long day, everyone’s exhausted. Burns
text: scrolls the tape, tears it off with a flourish. Passes it to
text: Wells, who reads, swallows hard, then delivers the number.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Two hundred sixty seven thousand, four
dialog: hundred and thirty-four dollars.
text: Over the phone, there’s SILENCE.
scene_heading: EXT. MINING SUPPLY - KUPANG CITY, INDONESIA - DAY
text: Acosta checks out new equipment while on a portable phone --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Not exactly the number I had in mind.
text: Realize Acosta is now looking at the USED EQUIPMENT YARD.
scene_heading: EXT. USED EQUIPMENT YARD - KUPANG CITY - DAY
text: Acosta stands looking up at rusting industrial dinosaurs
text: against the endless blue sky.
speaker_heading: WELLS (0.S.)
dialog: I might be able to borrow a little bit
dialog: against it.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: WELLS (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: No. Truth. That's it for now. Can you
dialog: make it work?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: That’ll get us the permit, a few
dialog: holes. If we work fast and get lucky,
dialog: who knows...
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Get us a little good news and we'll
dialog: raise more money.
text: Suddenly hear some DUDES AT A FOOSBALL TABLE loudly ARGUING
text: over PAC-10 football, drowning out Wells.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You work out of a bar, Wells?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Keeping a lid on expenses, Mike.
text: Makin’ the dollar holler.
text: Acosta hanging up, wondering just what he’s gotten himself
text: into. He examines a well-used drill, speaks Bahasa with the
text: mining equipment salesman, haggling.
scene_heading: INT. KAY’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A suitcase on the bed. Wells sorta packing, a haphazard
text: undertaking under the best of circumstances. He takes a drink.
dialog: Surveys the possibilities.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Which tie? This one or this one?
text: Reveal Kay behind him, drink in hand.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I want my watch back.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: First off, it’s your mother’s and
dialog: second you’re gonna get it back.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: It was my mother’s until she gave it
dialog: to me.
dialog: 32-32A.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I gotta bring my good shoes, where are
dialog: my good shoes?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Look under the bed. I don’t like to
dialog: see my stuff up in pawns, Kenny. You
dialog: know I’m sensitive to it.
text: He gets down to look under the bed. See his ass sticking out.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: We always talk about our dreams, about
dialog: the ranch, clean air, big views, our
dialog: place above it all. That’s what I’m
dialog: doin’, getting us out of this shitbox.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I don’t mind this shitbox.
text: He’s back up with the shoes.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: See, right there, that’s what I love --
dialog: you're like one of those booster
dialog: rockets that helps us get up to the
dialog: stars.
text: Stands back with the shoes. He wiggles the shoes.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Too much?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What the fuck, Kenny?
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: We figure shit out together, Kenny.
dialog: Through thick and fuckin’ thin. If you
dialog: needed my watch, I'd give it to you.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I know, babe. I‘’1l be back soon, I
dialog: promise.
text: He starts off... Then pauses like he remembers one last thing.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh, here -- why don’t you time me?
text: He dangles her mother’s watch. Turns, smiling. She smiles,
text: too. Love rushes in, overflows.
dialog: 32-32AA.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Wear the blue tie. It brings out your
dialog: eyes.
dialog: 33.
text: As we PRE-LAP a CALL TO PRAYER --
scene_heading: EXT. JAKARTA, INDONESIA - DAWN
text: Crossing river traffic reveals a luxury hotel amid minarets.
scene_heading: Super: JAKARTA, INDONESIA
scene_heading: INT. JAKARTA PALACE HOTEL SUITE - DAY
text: Acosta goes over paperwork, shaved, hair groomed, transformed.
text: Wells, adjusting his blue tie, comes out of the bathroom.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: What’s that smell?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I dropped a goose.
dialog: 33A.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: And are you wearing cologne?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Yeah, why? You getting turned on?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Listen to me: we have one shot at
dialog: this. He’s the Minister of The
dialog: Interior of Indonesia. If he doesn't
dialog: like us for any reason, we’re done.
dialog: Never put your hands on your hips.
dialog: Crossing your arms is considered
dialog: aggressive. And cologne, here, is an
dialog: insult.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You get a whiff of some of the folks
dialog: around here? I might suggest changing
dialog: the national cologne policy.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: We get the deal. We don’t insult. We
dialog: don’t talk. We listen, we get our
dialog: permit and we get out. Are we clear?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: «.-yeah. Got it.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Now go wash it off.
text: Wells stands there for a moment like a humiliated child. Then
text: goes back into the bathroom. Off Acosta, WE GO:
scene_heading: INT. JAKARTA PALACE RESTAURANT - DAY
text: A formal room with a Chinese theme. Seated at the table is the
text: MINISTER OF MINING. A cadre of security and yes-men flanking.
text: The Minister speaks with a cultured Indonesian accent.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: .-.I have reviewed your permit request
dialog: for the Kensana property...
text: As a waiter pours hot liquid into small bowls at each setting,
text: we find Wells perspiring in his bad suit. He picks up his bowl
text: and starts to sip his “tea.” Acosta clears his throat -- Wells
text: sees the Minister dipping his fingers into his bowl.
speaker_heading: MINISTER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Acosta)
dialog: There is a conspicuous lack of
dialog: documentation.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hey, we've got the paperwork --
text: The Minister ignores him as Acosta jumps in.
speaker_heading: 34aA.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Yes, excellency. We have reports from
dialog: previous attempts, but judged it best
dialog: not to waste your valuable time.
text: The Minister accepts this, but still ignores Wells.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (beat, to Acosta)
dialog: What makes you think you will find
dialog: what others before you could not?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
text: They were looking in the wrong place.
text: The underlying geology is sound.
text: GIANT PRAWNS are placed in front of them. Wells can’t help it--
dialog: 34A.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hey, can I get a fork?
text: The waiters don’t move. Acosta and the Minister ignore Wells.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: There’s gold there, Excellency. And
dialog: with your blessing, we will find it.
text: A long beat. Wells gets uncomfortable. Realizes his arms are
text: crossed. Uncrosses them. And sells.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Mike really knows his stuff. There’s
dialog: no one better...
text: The Minister doesn’t even look at Wells, addressing Acosta.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: As you know, our natural resources are
dialog: a divine inheritance of all the
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: As is your capable stewardship,
dialog: Excellency.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: A heavy responsibility to be sure.
text: Wells fidgets, then barks to a waiter --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hey! Who’s a guy gotta bang to get a
dialog: drink around here?
text: Wells definitely has the Minister’s attention now.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: I am a Muslim, sir. I do not drink.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m an American and I do. And last
dialog: time I checked, I’m hosting this
dialog: little shindig, so you might want to
dialog: at least acknowledge I’m sitting here.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: You are most definitely an American.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What’s that mean?
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: It's the belief that paying for lunch
dialog: is a substitute for manners.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You're right. And I apologize. I can
dialog: see I’ve offended your delicate moral
dialog: sensibilities. But I may have just the
dialog: thing to help you get over it.
text: And with that, he pulls out a THICK WAD OF CASH from his
text: jacket, sets it down on the lazy Susan with a THUD. And then
text: spins it -- the cash rotates around the large table toward the
text: Minister. The Minister stares at Wells with contempt.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Now that you mention it, I’ve been
dialog: thinking of converting to Muslim.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: That’s enough.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Even if we don’t find any gold, at
dialog: least I still get the forty virgins--
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Wells --!
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m not greedy. I'll go half--twenty’s
dialog: a windfall. Hell, if they’re really
dialog: virgins, two would probably kill me.
text: The cash slowly stops revolving. The Minister never looks at
text: it. He stands, throws down his napkin, and, entourage in tow,
text: sweeps imperiously from the restaurant.
text: Acosta looks at Wells, his anger and disbelief palpable. Then
text: he grabs up the cash and goes. Wells is alone, his face
text: flushed with embarrassment. He sees a patron staring at him.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: What the fuck are you looking at?
text: Wells pours himself a cup of tea, hand shaking as he drinks.
text: Then he looks up and sees Acosta coming back. Wells stands,
text: about to apologize, but before he can speak -- CRACK!
text: Acosta decks him. Wells falls backwards over the chair,
text: hitting the floor. He looks up at Acosta standing over him
text: and, in a flash, recognizes just how much this matters to him,
text: that much of his poise is a kind of cover.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: You gonna tell me what happened?
text: Wells gets up, brushing himself off. Acosta takes his time.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry, I couldn’t hear you.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: He took the money.
text: A smile spreads across Wells's face.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Of course he took the money. It’s
dialog: money.
scene_heading: EXT. KENSANA VALLEY - DAY
text: INFINITE JUNGLE in an anamorphic frame. Every leaf and blade
text: of grass swaying in the wind. Then Acosta appears. This is
text: Wells’s POV. He hurries to stay close.
text: ACOSTA stops moving. He looks at Wells. He looks down. Wells
text: approaches cautiously and also looks down. Acosta makes an X
text: in the soil.
text: Now reveal a small army of NATIVE WORKERS waiting. A FOREMAN
text: shrieks and they break into motion... clearing the “giant’s
text: footstep” for the first drill position at the “Washoe site.”
text: The sky is blue, dotted with white clouds; the river sparkles
text: gold surrounded by the limestone cliffs.
text: Tight shots of assembly, metal to metal. Acosta busy. Wells,
text: in his Loman suit slapping at Mosquitos, jungle pressing in.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE SITE - VARIOUS - DAY
text: A METAL SCAFFOLD lyrically sways above the grass, framed
text: against the limestone cliffs. A break in the grass suddenly
text: reveals a WATER BUFFALO pulling the first drill.
text: The drill is positioned. Jungle has been beaten back.
text: A GIRL leads a goat out of a watchful crowd to the drill where
text: a Dayak “BORETN” waits. He murmurs prayers in his language.
text: Then pulls a knife and, without hesitation or sentimentality,
text: draws it across the goat’s neck --
text: AN ARM YANKS THE PULL-CORD on the drill, ROARING to life --
text: Panning NATIVE FACES to find WELLS as a gentle SUN SHOWER
text: begins to rain down.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: See, ahh... That’s beautiful! The sky
dialog: is blessing us.
text: Acosta stares up at the sky with a different perspective.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
text: Monsoon’s coming early.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Monsoon?
text: CRACK! FLASHES OF LIGHTING. Wells's face realizing the
text: seriousness. THUNDER RUMBLES. Rain falls harder. The DRILL
text: SPINS down into the earth...
scene_heading: INT. MAIN TENT - NIGHT
text: Vinyl spinning on a record player. Something lofty, obscure.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: A record player? Am I paying for that?
dialog: But you can tell the whole thing makes Wells happy. He’s got a
text: whiskey. The native foreman is there. And through the flaps
text: two distant drills glow under colored tarpaulins.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: (re: the map)
dialog: We're here. And now we step out ina
text: semi-circular pattern. Six man crews,
text: twelve hour shifts, around the clock.
dialog: Tomorrow I'll start looking at core
dialog: samples. We’ll send the most promising
dialog: down river to the assay lab. When we
dialog: get a hit we’ll drop holes to chart
text: the contour of the vein.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE SITE - VARIOUS - DAY
text: Three foot ROCK CORES laid out in a wooden box... Pull back to
text: reveal ten boxes... then twenty... Moving INSIDE --
speaker_heading: THE CORE SHED
text: Where a CIRCULAR SAW cuts a CORE. Wells watching Acosta
text: examine a section, then toss it in a ROCK CRUSHER... The
text: RUBBLE is then bagged in canvas sacks... which are closed and
text: sealed with HOT WAX... and finally stamped with a WASHOE LOGO.
text: THE CORE SAMPLES are carried in a long line through the valley
text: toward the river -- an Indonesian Salgado come to life.
text: Wells and Acosta watch, all hopes and dreams in that line.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What do we do now?
text: CAMERA RISES UP from the workers carrying the core samples to
text: the limestone cliffs and endless sky.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (0.S.)
dialog: We wait. And we keep drilling.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN TENT - DUSK
text: Wells sprays himself liberally in bug spray, making a cloud
text: under the light. Almost immediately a bug bites his shoulder.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: These bugs don’t give a fuck about
dialog: this bug spray.
text: AT THE CAMP STOVE
text: Wells, spatula in hand, watches mystery meat sizzle. He cooks
text: and talks over his shoulder to Acosta who is working.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: The guy who invented the hamburger was
dialog: smart. But the guy who invented the
dialog: cheeseburger... Genius.
text: He begins serving them up.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t ask where this meat came from.
speaker_heading: IT’S LATER
text: They're both relaxing. Wells maybe a bit more relaxed.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Goddamn jungle. Nothing for 200 miles
dialog: and look at us. Not so bad.
text: Acosta takes in the night. Raises his cup in a salute to the
text: dark jungle all around. They both drink.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: What’s the meaning of the tattoo?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: It’s from a poem I read as a kid:
dialog: (Acosta waits)
text: The bird with no feet sleeps on the
dialog: wind.
speaker_heading: 39aA.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You're full of mysteries, Wells. You
dialog: really are.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You got any tattoos, Mike?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
text: Only on the inside.
text: Wells looks at him a beat, then looks out into the dark. The
text: sounds of drilling drift across the valley floor.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: And a LONE MESSENGER running up the trail...
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE SITE - DAYS LATER
text: Wells meets him halfway, takes the ASSAY REPORT and tears it
text: open, reading. Even from a distance we can tell it’s bad news.
text: A DRILL IS MOVED to a NEW POSITION. DRILL 2 IS MOVED. CORES
text: ARE CRUSHED and BAGGED. A CANOE LOADED WITH CORE SAMPLES
text: motors away down the rising river. The rain is torrential. The
text: MAIN TENT looks like it’s about to float away. Acosta meeting
dialog: Obb... Wells meeting him... Acosta...
scene_heading: INT. WASHOE SITE - MAIN TENT - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 
text: Acosta and Wells, back to back, working. Acosta thinking about
text: geology, Wells looking at financials. Realize neither one is
text: looking at an unopened report on the table. Finally Acosta
text: tears it open, reads it. Passes it to Wells: INDO-KARTA
scene_heading: LABORATORIES - ASSAY REPORT.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: ...-These things look worse every time
dialog: we get one.
text: Acosta stares steadily at his map, which shows an increasingly
text: desperate spray of holes.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Thirty, 100 meter holes, Mike. Thirty.
dialog: And what do we got? We got shit.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Remember what I told you about
dialog: patience?
speaker_heading: 39aB.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Remember what I told you about money?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Yeah, it wasn’t a problem.
dialog: 39A.
text: Looks at the numbers. They don’t lie.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: It’s a problem now.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: I‘1l try something else. Move further
dialog: up the seam. Drop 80 meter holes. Move
dialog: faster.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Do it.
text: Wells suddenly shudders with a chill. Acosta looks at him.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m fine.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You don’t look so good.
speaker_heading: WELLS
text: It’s ninety-eight degrees out and
dialog: pissing rain. And all we're pulling up
dialog: is dinosaur shit. How am I supposed to
dialog: look?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jesus, I'm freezing.
text: Wells starts to shake. Acosta puts a hand to Wells's head.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You're burning up.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m fine.
dialog: (off Acosta’s concern)
dialog: I said, I’m fine.
text: Wells forces himself to stand. He moves to Acosta's maps.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: All right, where do we go next?
text: But Wells has to sit. Off Acosta's concerned look WE GO...
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE SITE - DAY
text: That fucking rain. WORKERS, meager items held in plastic bags,
text: assemble in their tent. The FOREMAN speaks to his men.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: We drilled our holes, assayed the
dialog: cores and got nothing. Zero. We were
text: nearly busted, out of money, out of
dialog: time. Workers quitting. But, no way I
dialog: was giving up, I was gonna find a way
dialog: to keep going if it killed me.
dialog: 41.
text: One RIG IS SILENT. Wells struggles across the compound through
text: the downpour to stop the men from leaving. He falls. Picks
text: himself up. Waves his arms. Yells in a language they don’t
text: speak. Even the buffalo is leaving. He slips again --
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O) (CONT'D)
dialog: I picked up a bad case of malaria,
dialog: which takes out something like a
dialog: million people a year... And I was on
dialog: the list.
text: From the mud he sees the workers vanishing, a skeleton crew on
text: the remaining rig. He rolls on his back. And still the rain
text: comes down.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN TENT - RAINY DUSK
text: Acosta enters. Doesn’t realize Wells is slumped in a chair in
text: the gloom.
speaker_heading: WELLS
text: The workers are leaving, Mike.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: I know. I’ve got the new assay
dialog: reports.
text: Acosta lights a lantern, sees Wells.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: Jesus. Get your ass in bed already.
text: It’s an effort for Wells to speak, painful.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Talk to me.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: There’s nothing to talk about. We’re
dialog: not finding anything.
text: Wells sags. The reality that he’s losing again sinking in.
text: Wells has another fit of chills. He’s half-delirious.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Maybe we’re pushing them too hard.
dialog: Maybe we should take it easy, enjoy it
dialog: a little bit.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Take it easy? Is that a Reno bumper
dialog: sticker? The losers’ credo.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Nah, man, it’s just life. Sometimes
dialog: you just gotta take it easy... I’m
dialog: freezing.
text: Acosta helps him to his cot. Pulls the thin blanket over.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Maybe cut ‘em all in... offer
dialog: ownership, share in the upside...
text: The DISTANT WHINE of the last drill suddenly GOES QUIET. The
text: TIMELESS CACOPHONY of the jungle RISES.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m scared, Mike. Don’t let me die out
dialog: here for nothing...
text: Wells passes out into a feverish sleep. Acosta watches him a
text: long time before reaching a decision.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN TENT - DAWN
text: Acosta steps into the empty, silent camp. Rain curtaining off
text: his hat. He sets out alone.
scene_heading: EXT. LONGHOUSE VILLAGE - LATER
text: Acosta walking through the rainy jungle toward a village. See
text: natives in the limestone cliffs looking down. Acosta passes a
text: pond where people bathe and fill jugs with muddy water.
text: AT THE LONGHOUSE there are DAYAK WOMEN on the porch. Acosta
text: has a few quiet words. One slowly stands, disappears through
text: the DARK OPENING. Acosta cannot see inside. It’s too dark. The
text: remaining women look at him evenly. The “FOREMAN” appears,
text: obviously a LOCAL CHIEF.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: (Dayak)
dialog: What can I do to get you to return to
dialog: work? We are running out of money,
dialog: it’s true. But we’re close. I know it.
text: A beat as the foreman considers Acosta. Then he gestures to
text: follow. The rising CRIES of a child can be heard.
scene_heading: INT. THATCH HUT - DAY
text: Thrumming rain on the thatch and in half-gloom find a feverish
text: CHILD. Acosta watches as the mother tries to get him to take a
text: sip of water. Acosta kneels and passes his canteen to the
text: mother. Urges her to pour clean water.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: He realized what they needed wasn’t
dialog: stock options, but drinking water and
dialog: antibiotics. And damned if he didn’t
dialog: go to every little place every one of
dialog: our people came from. Streams that had
dialog: no name. All feeding the great Kensana
dialog: river.
scene_heading: INT. DIMLY LIT ROOM - DAY
text: A skeptical Jennings observes Wells a moment.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: And you believe this was sincere?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Absolutely. Mike’s half a native
dialog: anyway. He was trying everything. And
dialog: I was a mess. Malaria is no joke.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN TENT - DAY
text: The monsoon continues, but Wells is oblivious, a shuddering
text: chill wracking his body. Acosta watches this uneasily.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: We need to get you out of here. I’m
text: pulling the plug.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Not happening. Tell me the plan.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: What they need... they need clean
dialog: water, antibiotics...
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: If we get filter systems up here, I
dialog: think they'll come back.
text: Wells looks up with dim eyes, a smile crossing his face.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’ve got maybe eighteen hundred
dialog: dollars of room left on the Visa. Five
dialog: hundred on Diner’s Club. Use it all.
text: Wells hot and dry. Acosta looks down at him. He doesn’t think
dialog: Wells is gonna make it. He’s seen it before.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL CREEK - DAY
text: A break in the rain. Misty clouds circle limestone mountains.
dialog: 43A.
text: Brown water in a micro filter as Acosta hangs it from a
text: branch. Clear water flows out a hose. A child tastes the clean
text: water, doesn’t like it. Several children laugh.
text: In the river a mother sits with her baby on her lap.
dialog: 44,
text: As Acosta fills ANOTHER FILTER, reveal NATIVES finding gold up
text: the stream. It almost mocks Acosta.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN TENT - DAY
text: THE SAME LIMESTONE CLIFFS... ONLY NOW WE TILT DOWN and FIND
scene_heading: RENO, GAUDY NEON NESTLED IN GREEN JUNGLE. CASINO SOUNDS AND
text: NOISES MIXED WITH JUNGLE.
text: Wells tossing and turning on the cot having his fever dreams.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: I spent the next few weeks in a
dialog: malarial haze. I should have been
text: dead. The workers stayed. Mike kept it
dialog: all going. And he kept me alive.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL CREEK - DAY
text: Acosta in the rain, turns and sees something that stops him --
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: Did he manage to enjoy himself a
dialog: little bit along the way..?
text: A BEAUTIFUL NATIVE GIRL stares at Acosta through the rain.
dialog: It’s like they know each other.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.
dialog: How should I know? I was delirious. I
dialog: do not recommend Malaria treated with
text: a bunch of leaves.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN TENT - DAY
text: Rain. And the sound of an IGNITING FLAME... FUMMM --! A BUTANE
text: FLAME. And Wells in and out of consciousness to find a BORETN
text: in their tent brewing a potion of herbs as Acosta watches.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: No idea. But they say it works.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: They don’t have electricity. Or socks.
text: The Boretn brings a bamboo mug toward Wells.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Come on, get it down.
dialog: 45.
text: Wells chokes down the remedy.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE SITE - VARIOUS - DAY
text: Limestone cliffs and mist. Drills spinning, biting into earth.
text: Clouds passing overhead. Men feeding pipe to the machine.
text: Wells drenched in sweat, looking like death --
text: ACOSTA and FOREMAN load CORE SAMPLES onto a boat.
text: DRILLS SPINNING, biting into the earth/WELLS TOSSING, TURNING,
text: drenched as the FEVER FINALLY BREAKS.
text: Obb brings another report. Acosta reads, betraying no emotion.
text: FEVER DREAM: A RAFT FLOATING ON A GOLDEN RIVER... We’re
text: drifting toward it as it goes around a bend... SOMETHING on
text: it... a BODY.. FUNERAL BIER. Closer... closer... it’s WELLS --
scene_heading: INT. MAIN TENT - DAY
text: WELLS COMES TO -- surprised to be alive. Surprised it’s not
text: raining. Realizes Acosta is right there looking at him.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What day is it?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: No idea.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Month?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: August.
dialog: See this is a different month than Wells expected.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You been sitting here this whole time?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Let’s not get carried away.
text: Wells now realizes Acosta has an assay report.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You gonna talk, or what?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: We pulled seventeen more cores.
text: He looks at Wells, unreadable.
dialog: 45A.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What? What do they say? No good?
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Not good...
text: Wells falls back. Acosta stands, a completely different look
text: on his face, one of wonder --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
text: More in the vicinity of great.
text: Wells looks up. A face that’s almost afraid to hope.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Don’t mess around, Mike.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Eighth of an ounce per ton.
text: Wells scans the reports, rising to his feet.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Eighth of an ounce per... WHAT!!??
text: Acosta smiles -- Wells is in shock.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: We've got a strike, Kenny.
text: Wells smiles, laughs, screams!
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: We've got ourselves a gold mine!
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: That we do.
text: Wells struggles up to his feet and joins Acosta best he can in
text: jumping up and down.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: WE GOT A GOLD MINE..! WE GOT A GOLD
dialog: MINE..!
text: CAMERA DRIFTS outside to meet Wells who appears through the
text: doorway as he YELLS TO THE HILLS --
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT'D)
dialog: WE GOT A GODDAMN GOLD MINE --!!!
text: Which ECHOES back to him from the cliffs --
speaker_heading: WELLS ECHO
dialog: WE GOT A GODDAMN GOLD MINE MINE MINE! !
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: POP!!! Gold-leafed bottles in buckets. Champagne sprays from
text: the bottle as Wells moves through the crowd at the bar,
text: filling everyone's glasses.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: That moment, there’s no way I could
dialog: possibly describe the feeling.
text: The regulars are all here, sharing in Wells's victory.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O) (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s amazing how a little gold dust
dialog: can change everything. For better or
dialog: worse, the ride had begun. And what a
dialog: goddamn ride...
scene_heading: INT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - LATER
dialog: 
text: The place is vibrating! MUSIC OVER. Wells is with Bobby Burns
text: and Connie and Nevins celebrating at the bar. Kay passing out
text: a round of drinks, the last one to Wells.
text: Kenny looks at Kay; Kay looks at Kenny, deep into each other,
text: a small moment of private understanding in passing that says
text: it all. Then he turns to his guys:
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: To the best team in the business!
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You're a stand up guy, Kenny.
speaker_heading: NEVINS
dialog: To sharing the wealth.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: To the mother lode!
text: They clink glasses and drink deeply, "To the mother lode!"
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. CADDY ELDORADO - SCENIC COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: Kenny and Kay driving into the hills on a perfect afternoon.
text: Fun and carefree, windows down, 70’s music on the radio.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Smell that? Smell that air? Mountain
dialog: air. It’s a tonic.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Ah, so good. So good.
dialog: 47A.
text: They're singing along. Passing small family ranches.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember I told you Janice got
dialog: promoted to run Truckee?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Mmm hmm. Good for her.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Well, Carl asked me if I’d like to be
text: considered to take her place.
dialog: Assistant Manager position.
text: Outside the car as they go zipping past, music trailing, a
text: GHOST TOWN, faded signs and abandoned buildings... A dangling
text: sign reads, “MAGGIE'S CREEK... Pop -- “0” in spray paint.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: That’s great, babe.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Everything's working out so great.
dialog: 48.
text: By way of agreement he rubs her thigh where the dress has
text: ridden up. Sunlight filters through the trees above. Kay’s
text: toes are painted eggshell blue.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You’re gonna be able to quit all of it
dialog: if you want... Never work another day
dialog: in your life. Blue skies coming.
scene_heading: INT. ELDORADO - MAGIC HOUR
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Close your eyes.
text: Wells drives down a country lane.
scene_heading: EXT. ELDORADO - DAY
text: Wells stops, gets out and starts around the car.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (happy)
dialog: Kenny Wells, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: WELLS
text: Eyes closed. No peeking.
text: He opens Kay’s door, leads her a short distance.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, now open ‘em.
text: She opens her eyes. In her eyes something immense that must be
text: comprehended. And for a moment we don’t see what she’s seeing
dialog: and then we do:
speaker_heading: DREAM RANCH LAND
text: The sweep of ranch land is epic. Prairie dogs hop away. Elk in
text: the distance the size of ants.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: It’s beautiful.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: It’s going to be our place, above it
dialog: all, away from it all. Like we always
dialog: wanted. We’ll put the house here.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Fieldstone and oak. The kind that
dialog: lasts forever. A big kitchen where I’m
text: standing. And a great room with two
text: fireplaces.
text: He turns to look at Kay, to see if she’s going with it.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Can we afford this?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Almost, baby. Almost...
text: Wells jogs a short distance away, still going...
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Bedrooms here and here and here... And
dialog: here... For the kids. Ah, come on,
dialog: Kay... How many kids?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: People usually start with one.
text: They look at each other. It’s golden hour. Then she skips
text: through the field toward him.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Kitchen should go the other way,
dialog: Kenny. To get the morning light.
scene_heading: INT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Wells laying it out for the boys: Burns, Connie, and Nevins.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: It’ll be straight commission to
dialog: start, but this hook’s got meat on
dialog: it. There’s money out there, so reel
dialog: it in.
text: They throw back the rest of what’s in their glasses. Wells
text: leans over and whispers to Bobby Burns.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: This stock’s gonna start cooking. You
dialog: sell a little here and there. Don’t
dialog: wait. Think rainy day, Bobby boy.
scene_heading: EXT. DREAM RANCH LAND - DUSK
text: The car doors are open, a great SONG plays on the radio. Wells
text: and Kay slow dance in the field as a glorious sunset fades.
dialog: 50.
text: And PULLING BACK to find a BILLBOARD ON STILTS showing a
text: “dream house.” As Kay and Wells slowly turn in the distance
text: and the music is gently blown away across the fields.
scene_heading: INT. THREE GREENHORNS BAR - NIGHT
text: Wells and Kay dancing in that way happy couples do, almost
text: like they’re one person, her head melting against his chest.
speaker_heading: BURNS (0.S.)
dialog: Kenny... this is Walt Kealer. He
dialog: publishes “The Gold Digger.”
speaker_heading: KEALER
dialog: We reach a half a million readers and
dialog: they’d all love to know what you got
dialog: cooking over there in Indonesia. You
dialog: have a minute, I’1l buy you a drink.
text: Kealer, a serious guy, and Burns both look at Kay.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (almost a whisper)
dialog: No one dances like you.
dialog: (to the world)
dialog: He’s all yours, Walt.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hell, I read the Gold Digger. Step
dialog: over to my office, Walt.
text: Wells signals for two drinks, leads Kealer to the booth.
speaker_heading: KEALER
dialog: They're saying you bring this in,
dialog: you'll get the Golden Pickaxe. What do
dialog: you say about that?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I say we probably just jinxed it.
speaker_heading: KEALER
dialog: How many ounces you guessing?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Millions of ounces, Walt. Millions.
text: Kealer whistles. Makes a note.
dialog: 50A.
speaker_heading: KEALER
dialog: Placer mining?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hard rock. It ain’t amateur hour.
speaker_heading: KEALER
dialog: How's the infrastructure?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: WELLS
text: Building it from the ground up.
text: Wells sees Kay at the bar flirting/teasing with two regulars.
dialog: Queen of the runway. He loves this.
speaker_heading: AT THE BAR
text: Kay waits for Roy to mix fresh drinks.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: (nodding at Wells)
text: Seems like someone’s ship is finally
text: coming in.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Everyone's, Roy.
dialog: (so proud)
dialog: He makes shit happen. He really does.
text: A customer sidles up and wraps a big arm around. Kay flashes
dialog: some wattage --
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: JD, where you been hidin’ yourself?
scene_heading: BACK WITH WELLS --—
speaker_heading: KEALER
dialog: On a different tack, what do you think
dialog: your dad would say if he could see you
dialog: right now?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: The last card you turn over is the one
dialog: that matters.
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN & MEAD CAPITAL GROUP - CLIVE’S OFFICE - DAY
text: CLIVE Coleman, 70's, flanked by a now-deferential Andrews and
text: Stanton, opposite Wells.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Kenny, your father and I started out
dialog: together in this business. Hell, he
dialog: put me in the business, but I don’t
dialog: have to tell you that.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Dad always spoke well of you, Clive.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: One of the best men I ever knew.
speaker_heading: 5laA.
text: The mention of his father in this context makes Wells proud.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You've gone from 4 to 23 cents on the
dialog: first assay result. And you've pulled
dialog: two more that confirmed those
dialog: findings?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Three more.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Three more... I'd like to underwrite a
dialog: private placement of Washoe stock. I
dialog: believe we can raise between eight and
dialog: ten million dollars.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Capital’s definitely top of the agenda
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: A lot of folks will want to make this
dialog: deal, but we’ve got history and I hope
dialog: you know you can trust me. I only wish
dialog: you'd brought it to me sooner. I could
dialog: have helped you from the get-go.
dialog: 51a.
dialog: 52.
text: Wells’ gaze now slides to Stanton, a deer in headlights. Wells
text: pushes his coffee mug across the table.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Top that off for me, will you?
text: Stanton rises and exits with Wells’s mug. WE FOLLOW HIM --
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN & MEAD CAPITAL GROUP - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Stanton walks to the kitchenette. A COWORKER looks at him like
text: a condemned man. Hear LAUGHTER from the conference room. He
text: pours the coffee, takes a deep breath, and heads back.
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN & MEAD CAPITAL GROUP - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Stanton comes back in to find the group on their feet, Wells
text: shaking hands with Clive Coleman.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Stanton. Mr. Wells has agreed to give
dialog: us his business. On one condition.
text: Stanton blanches. Here it comes. Wells is stone-faced.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I want you to personally handle my
dialog: account. I need you to be available
dialog: to me 24-7 and 365.
text: Stanton is speechless for just a moment, but finds his voice.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Absolutely. Yes. Thank you.
text: Clive slaps the stunned Stanton on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Congratulations. Seems you made quite
dialog: an impression.
text: A look between Wells and Stanton, a look of understanding.
text: Stanton is grateful, but also knows that Wells owns him.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: It’s gonna be a wild-ass ride. You
dialog: ready for that?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Then what are we standing here for?
dialog: Let’s go make some money.
speaker_heading: SEQUENCE --
text: -- THE WASHOE SITE -- the noise is staggering as ACOSTA
text: supervises more core drilling. FOUR DRILLS now working,
text: CONVERGING as they MAP THE CONTOURS of the vein.
text: -- THE ASSAY LAB -- a Washoe sack is cut open, the crushed
text: rock core sample is poured onto an industrial scale.
scene_heading: -- THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR -- Wells, Bobby Burns and the guys
text: work the phones. Kay brings Wells another Seagrams. He gives
text: her a smile, never missing a beat of his pitch.
text: -- STOCK TICKER -- Washoe climbs...$2.75...$3.10...$4.87...
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (V.O.)
dialog: Kenny. You check the last report?
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: I’m looking at it now... Holy shit...
dialog: HOLY SHIT!
text: -- VIEW THROUGH A MICROSCOPE -- and there it is, scattered
dialog: among the base rock -- GOLD! Flecks of it, but there’s
text: something preternatural about the way it glitters, and at this
text: magnification, it is mesmerizing.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (V.O.)
dialog: Holy shit is right, my friend.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: Whoooow!!!
scene_heading: INT./EXT. NEW WASHOE OFFICES MONTAGE - DAY
dialog: 
text: -- A RENO OFFICE BUILDING catching morning sun. WASHOE MINING
text: PLAQUE slides into the lobby list of tenants. REVERSE to WELLS
text: watching, THE BOYS behind holding boxes of stuff.
text: -- ELEVATORS OPEN. WASHOE SIGN FIRST THING YOU SEE. The boys
text: all swoop in and fan out and get to work.
text: -- TWELVE PACKS go in the fridge. Folding tables opened.
text: Phones pulled out of boxes, wires snakes across the floor.
text: -- A FAX MACHINE begins slowly ticking out a fax: WASHOE TEAM
text: HEADED BY GEOLOGIST MIKE ACOSTA...
dialog: 54.
text: -- BOOZE BOTTLES ONTO GLASS SHELVES... and we’re in Wells’s
text: corner office. He and Kay overseeing something. Whip to a
text: STUFFED ELK, evidence of the Greenhorns, now on the wall.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Damn nice of Roy to loan us that Elk.
text: She pushes him backwards by his chest until he’s sitting new
text: desk chair. She straddles him. Corner windows. View of Reno.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Kay, do you want to work here? Quit
dialog: all those other jobs?
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You be the prospector, Mr. Wells. I’11
dialog: be the barmaid who got swept off her
dialog: feet.
text: He spins his chair. Around and around they go --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I love you, Kay.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You better.
text: -- CAMERA RACES ACROSS THE FLOOR TO FIND THE FAX IS FINISHED.
text: CONNIE TEARS IT OFF AND READS IT: "UPDATES ESTIMATE ON
scene_heading: INDONESIAN MINE -- KENSANA TO YIELD IN EXCESS OF 10 MILLION
text: OUNCES!" Connie stares in disbelief.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: We’re gonna be so fucking rich.
speaker_heading: CROSS CUT TO:
text: -- A COMPUTER SCREEN -- WASHOE’S FINANCIALS displayed in
scene_heading: GRAPHS and CHARTS. WASHOE’S SHARE PRICE is listed at $6.26.
dialog: Pull back to reveal WE ARE in --
scene_heading: INT. BROWN, THOMAS - TRADING FLOOR - NEW YORK - DAY
text: A young banker, BRIAN WOOLF (30's), scans the info on his
text: screen. He hits print and strides across the trading floor.
text: He barely breaks stride as he passes the PRINTER, grabbing the
dialog: freshly printed documents and we go...
scene_heading: INT. BROWN, THOMAS - HOLLIS DRESHER’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: 50th Floor. Breathtaking Manhattan views. We are suddenly a
text: long, long way from Reno. A file on a desk: IDEAS FOR HOLLIS.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INSIDE -- RECOMMENDATION: WASHOE MINING LTD. STRENGTH OF
scene_heading: CONVICTION -- HIGH.
text: Woolf stands before HOLLIS DRESHER (50's), impeccable in
text: bespoke, as Dresher looks over the newly printed documents.
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Wildcatters basically. This
dialog: Acosta had some success before.
dialog: Copper. Got taken over by
dialog: Freeport Mac. It’s all in there.
text: Dresher takes a moment before looking up from the documents.
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: I like this. Bring them in. Let’s have
text: a closer look.
scene_heading: INT. WASHOE OFFICES - “CONFERENCE ROOM” - DAY
dialog: 
text: A folding table in Kenny’s office. Wells is with Bobby Burns,
text: Connie Wright and Stanton... a Washoe board meeting.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: We're about fifty percent allocated
dialog: right now. And we want to set aside
dialog: thirty of the remaining fifty for you
dialog: boys to unload.
text: They love this idea. It’s low-hanging fruit at this point.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hold that thought. I gotta bleed the
dialog: beast.
text: As soon as he’s gone, the phone RINGS. They all stare at it.
speaker_heading: BOBBY /CONNIE/NEVINS
dialog: Kay!!
text: Through the doorway, passing, without missing a beat --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Good morning, Washoe Mining. How may I
dialog: direct your call.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please hold.
text: She covers the mouthpiece, then realizes they actually have a
text: hold button. Which she presses.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Kenny! You got a call!
text: Wells emerges from the executive head. They all watch him pick
text: up the receiver. Press the button.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: This is Kenny Wells.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN, THOMAS - DRESHER’S OFFICE - NEW YORK - DAY
text: Woolf, looking over the skyline.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Mr. Wells. This is Bryan Woolf of
dialog: Brown, Thomas, in New York.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: No shit.
scene_heading: INT. WASHOE OFFICES - DAY
text: Wells is listening, starting to fidget nervously.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Wait. Really? ...
dialog: (covering phone)
dialog: Bryan Woolf, mineral group at Brown,
dialog: Thomas in NYC.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Brown, Thomas. Wow.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Okay. Okay... I look forward to it.
text: Wells slowly hangs up. Everyone looking, what just happened?
dialog: Then, Wells calling out --
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Kay, they’re flying me out!
text: Everyone feeling a bit of awe and excitement. Kay’s smile is
text: painted there like a barmaid Mona Lisa.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SEAGRAMS BUILDING - DAY
text: The Seagrams building, solid as the booze that built it. And
text: at the base, Wells staring up. As Acosta looks him over.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Wells. Wells--!
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I truly had no idea there was a
text: Seagrams building. Like the Vatican.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Wells! Where’d you get the tie?
text: Wells looks down at the tie.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Airport. Forty bucks. Don’t like it?
text: Acosta snaps off the tag still hanging from the loop.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Who you talking to, Mikey?
text: But Wells’s eye is caught by some WALL STREET HONCHOS,
text: composed, confident, effortless, heading to a meeting.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Wells!
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Stop saying my name. Are you ready?
text: Wells pulls his gaze back. They look at each other. Neither
dialog: one is ready.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Shit. We’re all just selling used
dialog: cars.
text: Wells brushes by confidently. AND WE GO:
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN, THOMAS - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Woolf, Dresher and others in THE MINERAL GROUP. In this
text: rarefied air, Wells looks out of his depth --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: We've got a private placement in play
dialog: right now that’s over fifty percent
dialog: subscribed! And that’s off our current
text: assays. The numbers keep coming in
dialog: good, and they will, sky’s the limit
dialog: on this thing.
text: Woolf steps up, he’s sophisticated, confident.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: You don’t need to sell us, Mr.
dialog: Wells. We’ve done the math and we
dialog: believe you're sitting on the
dialog: largest gold find of the decade. At
dialog: Brown, Thomas we have a history of
dialog: helping guide people such as
dialog: yourself through what are sometimes
dialog: complicated waters.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Complicated how?
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: That delicate balance, Mr. Wells,
dialog: between being asset rich and cash
dialog: poor. The important thing is we
dialog: believe you can go all the way and we
dialog: want to help you get there.
dialog: Wells loves this. Woolf has said exactly the right thing, but
dialog: you also get the feeling he has done this many times before.
speaker_heading: WOOLF (CONT’D)
dialog: We'll need big money onboard, of
dialog: course, investment banks, mutual fund
dialog: managers, pension fund administrators.
dialog: We have the team and the relationships
dialog: to introduce you to this world.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: We've done all right up to now.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: There is no doubt about that.
text: He smiles.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: WOOLF (CONT’D)
dialog: May I speak plainly, Mr. Wells?
text: Wells looks at Acosta, then back to Woolf.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: That’s the only way to speak, Bryan.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Our clients will want to see a serious
dialog: plan to turn lab results in a volatile
dialog: region into an investment we can all
dialog: stake our reputations on.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: That’s not gonna be a problem --
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: It’s not a problem, per se, but there
dialog: remains the fact that neither of you
dialog: have taken a find of this magnitude
dialog: all the way through production.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Now wait a minute. We found it. We can
dialog: dig it up. It’s not that complicated.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: (choosing words carefully)
dialog: Actually, historically, what we've
dialog: found is it can be quite complicated
dialog: and we'd like to help formulate how
dialog: you present the operations side.
text: Suddenly Wells is beginning to feel a little pushed.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What does that even mean? What’s he
dialog: saying?
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: I'd like you both to consider bringing
dialog: on a strategic partner.
text: Wells is suddenly wary. And we see how small town he really
text: is. He lifts Woolf's business card --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (reads )
dialog: Managing Director of Substrate
dialog: Minerals, Metals, Oil, and Gas. I
dialog: don’t even know what that is.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Have any of you ever set one of your
text: hand-made loafers down in a hole on
dialog: the side of a mountain? Washoe has
dialog: history.
dialog: 59A.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: We've done a fairly thorough analysis
dialog: of Washoe, Mr. Wells. And we believe
dialog: you need some strategic help.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: It’s a new day. And Indo is goddamn
dialog: different.
dialog: (bangs table)
dialog: I know how to bring this baby in!
text: Acosta observes Wells for a moment. We think Acosta is going
dialog: to judge him, pile on... instead:
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Wells came and found me. I was at a
dialog: low point, I’1l admit. It happens in
dialog: this business. Ups and downs. He
dialog: backed me with his last cent. More
dialog: than that he risked his life. Almost
dialog: lost it, too. And now we have the bull
text: by its horns.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: A big-ass bull!
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: I’ve worked with the best and I can
dialog: tell you Kenny Wells is up there with
dialog: them. Which must count for something.
dialog: A declaration of friendship, and faith. This means the world
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: It does, Mr. Acosta. We’re not by any
dialog: stretch of the imagination suggesting
dialog: that anyone take a backseat, we're
dialog: simply asking you to be open to
dialog: strategic alliances.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: No fucking way.
text: That’s that. Acosta goes to the window. He looks out.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: There’s something about finding gold --
dialog: it's difficult to put into words --
dialog: the taste of it on your tongue, gritty
dialog: and electric, the feel of it between
dialog: your fingers. It’s like a drug. It
dialog: hooks you. It’s what you’re missing
dialog: here in the city; so you must
dialog: understand why we feel a bit
text: possessive over it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So I have proposal: put together your
dialog: institutional players, the guys who
dialog: rep the big money, whomever needs to
dialog: kick the tires on this thing... And
dialog: we'll take them on a little trip up
dialog: the river...
text: Now Wells is looking at Acosta, starting to go with it --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: You know what river that is?
dialog: 61A.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: The only river that matters -- the
speaker_heading: KENSANA --!
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: And they can decide for themselves if
dialog: we're ready to scale this thing up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DIMLY LIT ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: So it was Acosta who proposed the
dialog: junket to Kensana? Or did you cook
dialog: that up together?
text: Wells looking at Jennings.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You just don’t get it. We weren’t
dialog: “cooking up” anything.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT'D)
dialog: I was getting hit from all sides by
dialog: people wanting in -- Hart Hubbard, my
dialog: neighbor, lawn care professional,
dialog: usually worried about Kay’s mulberry
text: over his back fence, only now he’s
dialog: dropping mining terms, “Kenny, I hear
dialog: the grade purity at Kensana is quite
dialog: high. How is the core frequency?” Hart
text: Hubbard. He cuts grass for a living.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: We've interviewed Mr. Hubbard.
text: Wells looks at Jennings and Banks and Levine. All dressed up
text: in their middle-class rectitude.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m just saying I wasn’t feeling like
dialog: I had to cook up anything.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: So it was Acosta who proposed the
dialog: banker junket?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (can’t help himself)
dialog: And it was a genius move. I don’t
dialog: exactly cut the right figure in a Wall
dialog: Street boardroom. They didn’t like my
dialog: suit or the smell of my whiskey. And
dialog: let's be clear: we were in a fight, a
dialog: fight for control. With that one move
dialog: Mike shifted the balance of power.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAKARTA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - DAY
text: A group of BANKERS blinking in blinding tropical sunlight as
text: they follow Wells out of the terminal.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: They were coming to our house and that
dialog: was a whole new ball game.
text: OWENS (40), BINKERT and JACKSON (30’s). These are men set free
text: from the concrete jungle, ready for a taste of the real thing.
text: They all pull wheeled carry-ons, some dressed in the latest
text: “in” safari-wear from Ralph Lauren.
text: They’re met by Mike Acosta, in full bush gear. Suddenly the
text: Bankers’ outfits look foolishly ersatz.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Gentlemen, this is Mike Acosta.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Anyone who wants to turn back, this is
dialog: your last chance.
text: They all look at him, “Is he fucking kidding?..."
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: He’s messin’ with you, come on.
text: A few of the Bankers sigh, some aren’t sure.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Welcome to Indo, boys.
scene_heading: EXT. KENSANA RIVER - DAY
text: The front of a canoe breaks the plane, followed by Owens,
dialog: Binkert, Jackson... taking it all in. It’s one of those
text: perfect tropical days -- a balmy breeze, glorious sunshine and
text: billowing clouds hanging in an impossibly blue sky.
text: They pass TRIBESMEN panning along the bank.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: They’ve been panning this river for
dialog: five thousand years. That’s how it
dialog: got its name... Kensana. It means --
text: He shoots a look to Acosta, making the Bankers wait for it...
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: River of gold.
speaker_heading: OWENS
dialog: That’s not real?
text: A smile between Wells and Acosta -- this is the show and
dialog: they’re loving it. And RISING UP the river is indeed gold
text: colored, snaking through hills of green.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE SITE - DAY
text: -- A BULLDOZER CLEARS A SECTION OF JUNGLE -- a CREW works a
text: DRILL RIG. Acosta shouts over the din, machete in his hand.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: When we got the hit, we stepped out in
dialog: a radiating pattern...We’ll keep going
dialog: until we have the complete picture of
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT'D)
dialog: the underlying geology-- how long, how
dialog: wide, how deep. It’s this mapping that
dialog: gives us the real sense of what we’re
text: sitting on.
text: The men look down at the ground. It’s just ground. But their
text: imaginations are working. Acosta points all around them.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
text: It’s everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. WASHOE SITE - CORE SHED - DAY
text: Acosta leads the group into the CORE SHED. Throughout the
text: building, lying in wooden cradles, are the CORE SAMPLES -- six
text: foot long cylinders of rock and earth.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Our typical drill depth is between
text: three and five hundred feet. We pull
dialog: out our core samples in six foot
dialog: segments, six inches in diameter
text: packed solid with rock and soil.
text: He moves to a massive workbench covered with crushed rock.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: This building is guarded 24/7 and kept
text: under lock and key.
text: Acosta pulls the leather thong around his neck from his shirt,
text: see a huge GOLD NUGGET and a key --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: This is the key.
text: With that, he hoists up a diamond blade CIRCULAR SAW and it
text: hums to life. He brings the blade down on the rock,
text: OBLITERATING the rock, and our hearing, as it cuts a three-
text: foot section of core. Again, he shouts over the noise --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
text: The cores are cut into sections and
dialog: then crushed!
text: He heaves the cut section into a CRUSHER which AUTOMATICALLY
dialog: ACTIVATES the mechanism -- adding insult to aural injury.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
text: The pulverized cores are then bagged
dialog: and sealed!
dialog: 65.
text: He produces a WAX-SEALED CANVAS SACK as an example. Starts to
text: heave it toward the bankers who dance out of the way --
scene_heading: EXT. KENSANA VILLAGE - DOCKS - DAY
text: The SAME SACK lands on a freighter canoe with other sacks. All
text: labeled and sealed, and under GUARD.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
text: Under guard, the samples are sent down
dialog: river to independent labs in
dialog: Kalimantan. If a seal is broken or
dialog: damaged in any way, the lab, by law,
text: has to discard the entire sample.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The bottom line is every safeguard has
dialog: been put in place to assure the
dialog: security of the process.
text: The Bankers nod, impressed. But that’s not really what they
dialog: came all this way for. They’re not quite sold.
speaker_heading: WELLS
text: Diamond tipped saw blades, rock
dialog: crushers and core samples ripped from
dialog: the guts of the earth... It all sounds
dialog: great, but that’s not what you came to
dialog: see. Am I wrong?
speaker_heading: JACKSON
dialog: No, you’re not.
text: Wells and Acosta exchange a knowing look.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You boys want to see some gold?
scene_heading: EXT. KENSANA RIVER - TRIBUTARY - AFTERNOON
text: Late afternoon sun filters through the canopy. This could be
text: Eden. A few of the bankers, knee deep, pan the rocky bottom.
speaker_heading: BINKERT
dialog: No one’s gonna believe this shit.
text: Owens swats at a bug. He looks more annoyed than impressed.
speaker_heading: OWENS
dialog: So, what do you think?
speaker_heading: BINKERT
dialog: Not sure. What about you?
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: OWENS
text: Acosta seems to know what he’s talking
dialog: about but, I don’t know...
text: Jackson, working the river a few yards away, calls out!
speaker_heading: JACKSON
dialog: Hey, come here - check it out!
text: Acosta heads out to him. Wells gestures to the pan.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Looks like it might be the stuff.
text: Acosta holds the pan of mud up to the light -- glimmers of
text: gold are seen in the fading sun.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Give me a minute.
text: The Bankers all watch, rapt -- Acosta takes the pan and moves
text: back to the river bank, dumps the mud into a waiting SLURRY.
text: He takes a bucket of river water and starts pouring the water
text: SLOWLY over the mud. Then, right before their very eyes...
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: Keep your eyes peeled...
dialog: Like magic...
text: A HUGE GOLD NUGGET appears! Acosta holds it up into the light,
text: reveling in its sparkling quality.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: (tosses it to Jackson)
dialog: A few more like that and you can pave
dialog: Wall Street.
text: The Bankers are fucking speechless. Wells looks at the
dialog: converted Owens...
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: Pay dirt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DIMLY LIT ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jennings, jacket off, sleeves rolled up, paces. Wells rattles
text: the ice cubes in his empty glass.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Now, I honestly don’t know if that was
dialog: just a stroke of luck or an amazing
dialog: piece of showmanship or both. But
dialog: when Jackson pulled that nugget out...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAKARTA HOSTESS BAR - NIGHT
text: INDONESIAN GIRLS dance, somehow more naked than naked. It’s
text: Wells, Acosta and the Bankers -- everyone getting loaded.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: ...We had ‘em.
text: Acosta shouts out to the BARTENDER in Bahasa. MUSIC UP. Girls
text: dancing together. Acosta passing drinks to the bankers...
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: It’s called a convex dome. What every
dialog: geologist dreams of finding and that’s
dialog: what I think we've got at Kensana.
dialog: Basically, it’s a volcano that’s
text: collapsed in on itself, forming an
dialog: inverted shell...
text: Wells cups his hands.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: .»-.or a bowl full of all the stuff
dialog: we're looking for.
speaker_heading: BINKERT
dialog: How much “stuff” you think we're
dialog: talking about?
text: Acosta smiles, throws back his drink and shouts out to a
text: waitress, holding up his empty glass, signalling for drinks.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Our current assays point to a deposit
dialog: of anywhere from ten to thirty-five
dialog: million ounces. When we find the
dialog: dome, and we will find it, I wouldn’t
dialog: be surprised if we prove eighty to one
dialog: hundred million ounces...
dialog: Jackson still has the presence of mind to do some calculations
text: on his calculator. He looks at the number.
speaker_heading: JACKSON
dialog: .--Is that right?
dialog: 68-69.
text: He redoes the calculations. They all wait. He looks again.
speaker_heading: JACKSON (CONT'D)
dialog: You're talking over thirty billion
dialog: dollars.
text: They all freeze. This is bigger than anyone imagined. Even
text: Wells suddenly has the queasy look of a man starting to look
text: at the drop on a roller coaster. He raises his glass.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: May we all be in heaven an hour before
dialog: the IRS knows we’re dead.
text: They laugh and, right on cue, out come the girls. Two for each
text: Banker. As one of the girls runs her fingers through
text: Jackson's hair, her breasts pressing against his face, he
text: turns to Owens...
speaker_heading: JACKSON
dialog: The business trips are going to be
dialog: outstanding.
speaker_heading: OWENS
dialog: Hell of a write-off.
text: Wells and Acosta stand off together, watching as the magic
dialog: takes hold --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Not a bad day.
text: Acosta smiles. And as the party rages, WE GO:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN HOME - DAY
text: Bright sun. As a car drives by and pulls into a sparsely
text: crowded parking lot, hear a phone STARTING TO RING from the
dialog: perspective of the caller. Then hear --
speaker_heading: KAY (0.S.)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. JAKARTA PALACE HOTEL - WELLS'S SUITE - DAWN
text: WELLS with a phone in one hand, drink in the other.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What are you doing, baby? It’s me.
text: From halfway around the world.
speaker_heading: KAY (V.O.)
dialog: Kenny!
dialog: (to someone OS)
dialog: It’s Kenny --
dialog: (to Wells)
dialog: I was just telling some people the
dialog: story of how we met.
dialog: (continuing the story)
dialog: I'd run off from home, didn't finish
dialog: high school--I had a couple teachers
dialog: who were real dicks--anyway, I was
dialog: working for a magician -—-
text: Wells is twenty floors up, smiling at the dazzling fairy
text: lights of nighttime Jakarta.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Not-So-Amazing Cecil --
speaker_heading: KAY (V.O.)
dialog: Cec had this one trick, his only
dialog: trick. Kenny came...
dialog: (to Wells)
dialog: How many shows in a row, Kenny --?
text: Wells looks inside the suite where a last dancer sways in
text: front of Acosta. The bankers have gone to bed.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Twenty --
speaker_heading: KAY (V.O.)
dialog: Twenty shows in a row. And the trick
dialog: was?
speaker_heading: WELLS/KAY SIMUL
dialog: I wanted your number, baby/He wanted
dialog: my number --
text: Hear OS LAUGHTER through the phone.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I love that story.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
dialog: 70A.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN HOME - DAY
text: Kay on a white phone in the La-Z-Boy area. A few coworkers are
text: chuckling, heading back to their respective areas.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: How’s it going over there?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: They're all in, baby. Everything we’ve
dialog: been waiting for. Everything --!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Wait. Kenny... Really? Really really?
text: Wells looks at the lights, which seem to dance with destiny.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m sending a plane for you, baby. A
dialog: chariot like you deserve -- private
dialog: jet -- to meet me in New York City...
dialog: Blue skies...
dialog: (off her pause)
dialog: Did you hear me? Kay?
text: Kay holding the phone... Sees a MANAGER, CARL, signalling her.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I did...
text: She suddenly just turns away and JUMPS FOR JOY --
text: WIDE IN THE STORE: Kay airborne --! Screaming with happiness.
speaker_heading: WOOLF (V.O.)
dialog: ...Brown, Thomas, in association with
dialog: Coleman and Mead Capital Group, are
dialog: proud to announce the initial public
dialog: offering of Class-A common stock...
scene_heading: INT. BROWN, THOMAS - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Woolf is holding the “Wall Street Journal,” reading the full
text: page “Tombstone” ad to Dresher and the room full of associates
text: and enthralled board members.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: And the listing of Washoe Mining on
dialog: the New York Stock Exchange!
text: He holds the paper up with a smile. The boardroom ERUPTS!
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALDORF-ASTORIA - NIGHT
text: A town car pulls up. A DOORMAN opens the door. Kay looks
dialog: country and momentarily lost.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Welcome to the Waldorf-Astoria, Ma’am.
dialog: 72.
text: Kay looks country and lost.
scene_heading: INT. THE WALDORF-ASTORIA - VARIOUS - NIGHT
text: The lobby is majestic. Worldly patrons. The Vanderbilt room.
text: The hallway a dizzying assortment of patterns. The BELLMAN
text: opens the door of a suite. Her head is spinning.
scene_heading: INT. THE WALDORF-ASTORIA - WELLS'S SUITE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Kenny?
text: Yellow roses lead the way, the main room of the suite filled
dialog: with hundreds.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Are you here?
text: She heads into the bedroom and finds Wells nearly camouflaged.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I wanted to surprise you... Are you
dialog: surprised? It’s your favorite flower,
dialog: right?
text: She takes in the huge suite, the Chrysler Building out the
text: window lit up like it’s marking the center of the earth.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: You look beautiful.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Through thick and fuckin’ thin...
dialog: Thick ain’t so bad, Kenny Wells.
text: He takes her in his arms, rolling across the huge bed.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Are these the softest sheets you ever
dialog: felt?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Let’s get under ‘em.
text: And we begin to HEAR SHOUTING, a CRAZY ENERGY, WHICH TAKES US:
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE - HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Wells and Kay exit the elevator and see Acosta waiting.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: My two favorite people in the world.
dialog: Kay, Mike. Mike, Kay.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (re: Wells)
dialog: You know this one stole my watch to go
dialog: meet you?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: That's my girl.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: (laughing, to Kay)
dialog: Actually he omitted that detail.
dialog: (to Wells)
dialog: Kenny--?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I’m just teasing --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: She's teasing --
speaker_heading: KAY/WELLS/ACOSTA
dialog: No, she’s not --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: It’s really good to meet you, Mike.
text: They cross down the hall to find
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Bryan, Kay. Hollis, Kay. My man,
dialog: Stanton you know. Sweats as much as I
dialog: do...
text: And then all are whisked away by NYSE OFFICIALS. And we begin
text: to hear NOISE, like a sporting event is happening beside them.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: (to Kay)
dialog: You must be proud of him.
speaker_heading: 73A.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Never doubted for a second.
text: They both smile, knowing just how far they’ve come to get
text: here... Then a door opens and they pass INTO A VAST SPACE of
dialog: light and air:
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE - TRADING FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: ON THE FLOOR looking up at the balcony where suddenly WELLS
text: and KAY and ACOSTA appear amongst the bankers and OTHER
text: DIGNITARIES. Suddenly the room is QUIET in a HELD BREATH.
text: As we ZOOM up toward Wells and Acosta. Wells throws his arm
text: around Acosta as THEY RING THE OPENING BELL!...
text: DING! DING! DING! DING!
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (to Kay)
dialog: I’m ringing the bell, baby!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I’m so fucking proud of you, baby. So
dialog: fucking proud of you.
text: As we hear the ROOM ERUPT, we start pulling back --
scene_heading: INT. GREENHORNS - DAY
text: PULLING RIGHT OUT OF THE BAR TV: CNN coverage of the boys
text: ringing the bell at the New York Stock Exchange.
dialog: Bobby, Connie, Scotty, Roy, all the regulars, maybe have
dialog: stayed up all night to celebrate with Kenny.
scene_heading: And CELEBRATE THEY DO:
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: -- A STOCK TICKER -- WASHOE IS OFF TO THE RACES --
dialog: $28.00...$35.00...
text: -- THE CNBC CRAWL -- $67.00... Behind the anchor, the Washoe
text: logo with the heading: “Washoe On The Move."
text: -- THE TRADING FLOOR -- as purchase slips fall to the floor
text: like confetti. We GO TIGHT ON ONE OF THE SLIPS as it slowly
text: drifts in air -- “BUY: TRT @ $110.00”
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O)
dialog: In a single trading day we went from
dialog: twenty-three bucks to over a hundred
dialog: and ten. It was unbelievable.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: 742A.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O) (CONT'D)
dialog: The way I see it, what banks do, who
dialog: the hell knows, but what made this
dialog: country is not tight-asses in suits,
dialog: no offense, taking the safe way down,
dialog: it’s guys like Mike and me, who jump.
text: -- TALL BUILDINGS in Mid-Town. Black car. Doors opening. Kay
text: and Kenny exit, Kay feeling great in a new dress, shoes.
scene_heading: INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - BAR ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Waiters with trays of champagne. Binkert, Owens and Jackson
text: swirling around Acosta and Wells and Kay.
text: Then Woolf is pulling Wells and Acosta away.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Kenny, Mike, this guy may sit on your
dialog: board... if you’re very lucky.
dialog: 75.
text: Kenny Wells and Mike Acosta shaking hands with the potential
text: board member. As Kay is quietly edged out of the circle.
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: Kenny, come say hi to the richest guy
dialog: in Delaware. And best looking.
dialog: Kenny meets the richest, best-looking guy in Delaware. As we
text: see a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN openly watching Wells and Acosta.
scene_heading: A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Everyone has gathered. Woolf leads a toast:
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: To a very good day... To Kenny Wells
dialog: and to Mike Acosta.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: To the mother lode!
text: And there’s that woman again. In his sight line. Light in her
text: eyes. Wells makes a show of downing his glass in one gulp --
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Fill ‘er up and keep it flowin’.
speaker_heading: JACKSON
dialog: Kenny, Mike, try this on for size.
text: Jackson punches figures into his ever-present calculator.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (to Jackson's wife)
dialog: He sleep with that thing, or what?
speaker_heading: JACKSON'S WIFE
text: He just sets it on vibrate and we're
text: both happy.
speaker_heading: JACKSON
dialog: As of the closing bell this is what
dialog: you're both worth, on paper anyway.
text: And then Wells is looking at the figure, and even he is
text: stunned. Time slows and the world goes silent, like he’s
text: sliped into a dream.
text: And in this dream his heartbeat thuds, and bankers laugh; the
text: beautiful woman throws a seductive glance. And Acosta’s voice
dialog: from far, far away:
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: A lot of zeros, my friend.
dialog: 75A.
text: A crystal bell is tolling... for dinner. Everyone moves.
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: It takes them a full week to do their
dialog: rotisserie duck.
text: Kay watches Kenny, surrounded by admirers, head for the other
text: room. He forgets to look for her.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - POOL ROOM - DUSK
dialog: 
text: As guests pour into the famous POOL ROOM we find Kay. She
text: pauses, openly taking it all in as others pass. She clutches
text: her champagne flute like a wand.
scene_heading: INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Camera sweeps across the now-candlelit room, murmur of
text: intimate conversations and laughter. It’s that time after
text: dinner before desert when people start table hopping. We find
text: Kay with an empty seat beside her. She glances up, watching
text: Kenny work the room.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: .--It’s all gambling. Risk. If I
dialog: really wanted to make money, I'd stay
text: home on Sunday and bet pro-football.
text: We realize the beautiful woman is seated at the same table
text: where Wells is now holding court.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: ..-Stallone on the sidelines in
dialog: Philly, Eagles won't cover--!
text: Kay’s wine glass is refilled. She glances at Acosta who smiles
text: mysteriously.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Miami won’t cover in San Fran. Hell,
text: the game starts at midnight for them.
text: The woman catches his eye, holding out a hand. He gives her a
text: smoke and lights it.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Thank you. Rachel Hill.
text: Their eyes connect.
dialog: 76A.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What brings you out, Rachel?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I’m in Investor Relations. At Brown
text: Thomas. On the team.
text: There’s an empty seat across from her. He considers this. She
text: opens her hand in a gesture that says, please.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Does that mean you relate to
dialog: investors?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Something like that.
text: Wells laughs. And Rachel laughs with him. Across the room Kay
text: downs her drink. She watches Wells say something and laugh
text: again. She doesn’t want to look at the way Rachel Hill smokes,
text: but she can’t help it.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Rocks of gold as big as your knuckle
text: just sloshing along in the river --
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Hello, I’m Kay.
text: We realize instantly Kay is sort of drunk and emotional.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Hello, Kay.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: This is Kay, say hello to Rachel.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I just did.
speaker_heading: WELLS
text: Rachel works at Brown Thomas. She’s on
dialog: the team.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I’m going to the washroom. Then I want
dialog: to leave.
dialog: Wells is supposed to say, “I’1ll go with you,” but he doesn’t.
text: As Kay moves off, Wells catches Acosta's eyes on him, Acosta's
dialog: look asking: “What the hell are you doing?” But Wells's
text: attention is drawn back to Rachel as...
speaker_heading: UNDER THE TABLE
text: Rachel's sexy shoe drops from her sexy stocking foot, which
text: now moves it’s way under the cuff of Wells's pants leg.
text: She considers him cooly. Off his expression, WE GO...
scene_heading: INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - LADIES’S RESTROOM - NIGHT
text: Kay looks into the mirror, trying to keep it together.
text: Two UPPER EAST SIDE WOMEN enter, waiting for the mirror. The
text: women wait. Kay looks at herself in the mirror and WE GO...
scene_heading: INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Rachel and Wells still talking. Wells all swept up with the
dialog: wine and newfound celebrity.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: To go out into the wilderness and
dialog: discover something that everybody
dialog: wants... how does that feel?
text: They consider each other. Rachel’s foot is doing something
text: else under the table. In the twinkling room no one notices.
speaker_heading: TTA.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Better than a kick in the ass.
scene_heading: INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - BAR - NIGHT
text: As Kay makes her way up the stairs, she overhears:
speaker_heading: WOOLF (0.S.)
text: It’s like a drunk raccoon found the
dialog: Hope Diamond. You don’t want to get
dialog: too close, but you don’t want to let
dialog: it get away either.
text: Laughter. It’s Woolf at the bar talking to a banker, LEWIS
text: HORNE. Kay pauses a moment to listen.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: HORNE
dialog: It’s your raccoon, Bryan. Do you let
dialog: it run a multi-billion dollar company.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: And lose you as a client?
text: Woolf is shaking his head as Kay sidles up.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Who wants to buy a girl a drink?
dialog: Woolf covers:
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Kay, meet Lewis Horne!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (to the bartender)
text: Three double shots of Jack.
dialog: (to Horne)
dialog: Lewis, I like that name, Lewis.
text: She's flirtatious. Her cleavage like the prow of a ship. The
text: men share a glance: did she overhear? She raises her glass.
dialog: They raise theirs.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I propose a toast--
speaker_heading: HORNE / WOOLF
dialog: Here, here --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: To a small creature...often taken for
dialog: granted or considered a nuisance just
dialog: because of its survival skills.
dialog: She heard.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (fun fact)
dialog: Their babies are called “kits.”
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They are intelligent, fierce fighters,
text: and omnivorous. They eat anything.
dialog: Just like humans.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Kay--
dialog: 78A.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: And they’re cute even when they’re
dialog: waking you up ‘cause they got the lid
dialog: off your garbage can.
dialog: (beat)
text: To the raccoon.
text: She downs her shot. Smiles sweetly, leaves them there. Horne
text: downs his shot and watches her go, impressed and leering both.
speaker_heading: HORNE
dialog: Do raccoons mate for life?
scene_heading: INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: As Kay approaches the table, she sees Rachel and Wells,
text: heating up. He turns, sheepishly. Kay picks up her bag.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Stay if you want. I’m going.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Come on, babe, one more drink.
text: Kay heads for the door. Wells glances back to Rachel’s half-
text: smile, but suddenly Acosta is at Wells's side, standing over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What do you mean? Mike, Rachel --!
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Time to go, pal.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. THE WALDORF-ASTORIA - WELLS'S SUITE - NIGHT
text: Kay walks in, Wells does his best to keep up with her. They
text: both make drinks right away.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: .-.I don’t want to talk about it.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I wasn’t doing anything.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I don’t want to talk about it.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Okay, well maybe I should've banged
dialog: her right there on the table!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You're too drunk to get it up anyway.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’ll take that challenge.
text: He tries to make a move. She shrugs away.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I don’t care about you flirting with
dialog: Miss Pneumatic ‘88. Think I haven’t
dialog: seen it before?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Wait, her tits aren’t that big.
dialog: They’re not real?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: None of this is real.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Kay --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: And you know what, none of it ever was
dialog: real. We drive up to look at that
dialog: dream ranch and it’s so nice, Kenny,
dialog: but on the way we pass through where?
dialog: What did we go right through?
dialog: He knows.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Maggie's Creek. Where your great-
dialog: grandad staked a claim.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 79ah.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: And it’s a ghost town. Which is
dialog: exactly what this place feels like to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: T9A.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I knew if I brought you along, you’d
dialog: work overtime to screw it up for me.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You have never needed any help in that
dialog: department.
text: And she leaves the room. And he goes after her.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: IN THE BEDROOM
text: Kay sits on the bed, taking off her new shoes. Wells appears
text: in the doorway. Watches her a moment.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You know what your problem is, Kay --?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: No, why don’t you tell me --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You have no vision. It’s like your
dialog: whole world is this big --
text: Wells holds up two fingers an inch apart --
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: At one end is your kitchen sink and
dialog: the other end is the goddamn parking
text: lot of a furniture store.
dialog: That hurt, actually.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You mean an actual job that would
dialog: support a person in a place they live.
dialog: You mean that vision. You know what,
dialog: fuck you!
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Fuck you!
text: Now she starts packing her things, which really starts to piss
text: him off, and every item she drops in her bag urges him to say
dialog: more that he’ll regret later.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, run back to your crappy little
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I like my crappy little life. It’s
dialog: mine--
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: All you've ever wanted was a broken
dialog: bird--
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What the fuck are you even talking
dialog: about--?
dialog: 80A.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Oh, you said the right things, but in
dialog: your heart you didn’t believe them.
dialog: You didn’t believe in me. You like me
dialog: losing. It’s comfortable.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: These people are using you. They don’t
dialog: care about you. And they certainly
dialog: don’t believe in you.
dialog: 81.
text: She takes her old clothes into the bathroom. Door shuts.
text: Door opens. Herself again. Heading for the door.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You just can’t let me have the win.
dialog: You don’t have it in you.
text: She passes by him without a look
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Did it ever occur to you that I know
dialog: what I’m doing?
text: She looks at him, really looks at him.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I hope you do.
text: At the door of the suite, she turns.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Where I’m from, if something seems too
dialog: good to be true, it usually is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I just never thought that applied to
dialog: us.
text: The door shuts automatically behind her. On the other side
text: find Wells staring at the door. Almost goes after her.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I KNOW WHAT I’M DOING!
text: AT THE BAR -- Angry self-righteous cubes in the glass.
text: AT THE WINDOW -- the chasms of the city late at night --
text: A GHOST TOWN.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT. DIMLY LIT ROOM - NIGHT
text: More whiskey in a glass. Wells feeling no pain now either, or
text: maybe the same pain masked in the same way.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: What did you do next, Wells?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What’d I do? What’d I do?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I rode it. And what a ride, Jennings.
dialog: What a ride...
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER - FLYING - LONG ISLAND - GOLDEN HOUR
text: The beaches of the south fork glow pink as a CHOPPER races
text: away from the setting sun.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNE ROAD LANDING PAD - GOLDEN HOUR
text: The landing pad on Dune Road, an X amidst sea grass and water.
text: As a chopper banks in over the Shinnecock Bay. Across the road
text: Owens and Binkert, dressed for monied summer fun, wait ina
text: mint VW Thing. Wells exits, ducking low. He crosses the road.
scene_heading: INT. VW THING - DAY
text: Wells hops in the car. They pass him a six-pack as Owens pulls
text: out of the beach parking lot.
speaker_heading: BINKERT
dialog: You know how you found the River of
dialog: Gold?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: OWENS
dialog: Well, it turns out, it flows to right
dialog: here.
text: The car toodles off down the sandy lane past massive houses
text: set back in the dunes.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNE ROAD BEACH PAD - DAY
text: Wells and Dresher with THOMAS CRANEPOOL, 50’s, one of those
dialog: men who exude permanence.
speaker_heading: 82A.
speaker_heading: CRANEPOOL
dialog: How's it feel, Mr. Wells, to be a Rock
dialog: Star?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Like I should be banging groupies, not
text: chatting up bankers.
speaker_heading: CRANEPOOL
dialog: Oh, I imagine we can find a few of
dialog: those around here somewhere.
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: Be nice, Wells. This is our host,
dialog: Thomas Cranepool.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m making a lot of these rich fucks a
dialog: lot richer, so I’m thinking I got a
dialog: little leeway.
text: As Wells saunters away, Cranepool smiles easily.
speaker_heading: CRANEPOOL
dialog: Mi casa es su casa.
dialog: (to Dresher)
dialog: I hope he enjoys himself.
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: I don’t think you have anything to
dialog: worry about in that regard.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. DUNE ROAD BEACH PAD - POOLSIDE BAR - LATER
dialog: 
text: The sun has dropped behind the trees. Wells gets the
text: bartender’s attention again.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Seagrams on the rocks?
speaker_heading: RACHEL (0.S.)
dialog: And I‘1l have the same.
text: Wells recognizes that voice. It’s RACHEL.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You sure you want to do that?
dialog: She signals the bartender: line it up, buddy.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It reminds me of my childhood.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: So how is everything in the very
dialog: enchanted world of Kenny Wells?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I feel like a million bucks only a few
dialog: hundred times better.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: That must be a very nice feeling.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Looks like a few other people around
dialog: here feel the same way.
text: She follows his gaze. Faces of self-assured guests. Face,
text: face, face. In Rachel’s eyes, the net-worth of everyone.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: ...Maybe... Maybe not.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hey, you want to get wet?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: That’s funny, Kenny.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Why is it funny?
text: She leans in close to him, whispers something in his ear. His
dialog: expression tells us it was a direct hit.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNE ROAD BEACH PAD - HOT TUB - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Wells and Rachel are in the hot tub. And she is perfection
dialog: itself, the kind of complete package used to escape every shit
dialog: backwater the world over since time began.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: So... how’d you... uh, end up out
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Well let’s see Kenny there are two
dialog: answers to that question, short form
dialog: would be, I know Tom. Tom is a friend.
text: She slides almost imperceptibly closer.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I'll bet he is.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Now, now. I stay with his cousin Timmy
dialog: down the lane. Timmy’s really quite a
dialog: character if you don’t know him.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I don’t know Timmy.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I really don’t feel like talking.
text: She moves closer. He looks at the surface of the water.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Help, there’s a creature in here with
dialog: us, an octopus or something.
text: She leans closer to him, her chest is now against his chest,
text: and her hand still working, slowly, so slowly. She’s just
text: above him. And he’s looking at her.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Shhh, let’s just feel things.
text: And she moves again and we can tell it feels very good indeed.
text: Suddenly a VOICE from behind --
speaker_heading: HANCOCK (0.S.)
dialog: Wells? Kenny Wells?
text: Wells looks up at MARK HANCOCK. A trim, self-assured South
dialog: African mining mogul, CEO of Newport Holdings.
speaker_heading: HANCOCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Mark Hancock. Seems I’ve caught you at
dialog: a bit of a disadvantage, Mr. Wells.
text: Wells doesn’t skip a beat. He stands, steps out of the tub,
text: completely naked, for all to see. Wells extends his dripping
text: hand, which Hancock, unflappable, accepts with a smile.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Good to meet you. This is Rachel.
speaker_heading: HANCOCK
dialog: I know the lovely Rachel.
text: Wells wraps a towel.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hancock controls more gold than anyone
dialog: else on the planet.
speaker_heading: HANCOCK
dialog: With the possible exception now
dialog: of Mr. Wells.
text: Wells takes a moment, finding his smokes, checking out Rachel
text: in water and moonlight.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: So, this is how it happens?
speaker_heading: HANCOCK
dialog: This is how it happens.
text: He lights a cigarette with his gold Dunhill lighter.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SKYLINE OF MANHATTAN - SUNRISE
text: The sun rises through the buildings to the east. We’re
text: drifting down the Hudson, hearing the sounds of sex.
text: Pulling into the corporate chopper as Rachel rides Wells.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I've always wanted to do this.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I wish to god it had occurred to me.
text: The chopper banks, the Statue of Liberty one direction, the
text: twin towers and all of Manhattan the other.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN, THOMAS - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Hancock and his lawyers are seated at one end, Wells's bankers
text: at the other including Dresher and Binkert. No one is
text: speaking, they listen to the rant coming from the next room.
speaker_heading: WELLS (0.S.)
dialog: This isn’t a deal, it’s a goddamn rape!
scene_heading: INT. BROWN, THOMAS - ANTEROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Wells paces like an animal. His personal banker, Stanton,
text: looks on, shocked. Woolf tries to talk him down.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Kenny, listen to me --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: This is mine! I found it, me and Mike.
dialog: We were the ones up to our asses in
dialog: shit and mud and malaria and this
dialog: asshole offers a minority
dialog: partnership?!
dialog: Woolf stays cool, always reasonable.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Kenny, let's keep perspective here.
dialog: When someone offers you this amount of
dialog: money, it’s a good day. You may say
dialog: yes, you may say no, but it’s not like
dialog: anyone’s trying to offend you.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Well mission goddamn not accomplished.
text: Stanton steps up for Wells.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Bryan, this deal is shit and you know
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Hancock and Newport Holdings have the
dialog: expertise and the experience to bring
dialog: this home. This was always there as a
dialog: contingency. You know that.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: No. No. This is where Washoe Mining
dialog: becomes a player. Not Newport...
dialog: (looking at the papers)
dialog: I don’t even see our name. You took
dialog: our name off of it!? You took my name.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: But again just taking a step back for
dialog: a moment, wouldn’t it not be terrible
dialog: to sit back and enjoy your success.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Wouldn't it not be terrible... What
dialog: kind of way of talking is that?
dialog: Wouldn't it not be terrible for me to
dialog: just bend over and grab my ankles. You
dialog: think you can buy me out and take my
dialog: name and just vanish Kenny Wells to
dialog: the corn field?
dialog: Woolf has had enough.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: If you hit the pause button for a
dialog: second and consider without emotion,
dialog: you'll realize this is the kind of
dialog: very rare moment where with the stroke
dialog: of a pen, no one in your family, I’m
dialog: talking your children’s grandchildren,
dialog: will ever have to worry about money
dialog: again.
text: For once, Wells doesn’t respond right away. He pats for his
text: cigs. Stanton hands him one. Wells fires up and takes a long
text: drag, and finally looks at Woolf.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: See these hands? These are my father’s
text: hands. I clawed into the guts of the
dialog: hot earth with these hands. I will
dialog: bury you with these hands, Brian. Now
dialog: you go tell that silky sable Hancock
dialog: he works for Kenny Wells.
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN, THOMAS - CONFERENCE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 
text: The air has been sucked out of the room.
speaker_heading: HANCOCK
dialog: You know, I almost respect this
dialog: guy.
text: Hancock is already reaching for the phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE SITE - DAWN
text: Tranquil, beautiful. Only the chickens are awake...
scene_heading: INT. WASHOE SITE - MAIN TENT - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 
text: Acosta at a desk, working with a slide rule planning something
text: cool. As the SOUND of military jeeps shatter the calm.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE SITE - MORNING
text: Military jeeps filled with armed SOLDIERS roaring down a
text: freshly cut road toward the site. A soldier steps from a
text: vehicle and begins a slow trek toward Acosta.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - RENO - DAY
dialog: 
text: Wells’s Caddy swings into a prime spot. It’s all fixed up now.
text: Fresh paint. He takes a moment to appreciate this turn of
dialog: events. And WE GO...
scene_heading: INT. WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: The chaos of a recent move-in, phones on the floor, lots of
text: busy employees. Wells is met almost immediately by Bobby Burns
dialog: and a few others.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Where the hell have you been?! Mike’s
dialog: on the phone --
text: Wells sees the panic in everybody’s eyes. Not good.
dialog: 89.
text: He sweeps into his office, which looks out on Reno. There’s a
dialog: full bar, the elk head -- a kind of “You can take the man out
dialog: of the Greenhorns, but you won't get the Greenhorns out of the
dialog: man” declaration.
scene_heading: EXT. KENSANA SITE - SAME TIME
text: ARMED INDONESIAN SOLDIERS herd WASHOE WORKERS out the gate
text: like frightened cattle, forcing them into the backs of trucks.
text: Acosta is caught up in a wave of workers as they’re pushed out
text: of the gate. Acosta speaks on a bulky satellite phone.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: They're locking us out!
scene_heading: INT. WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - WELLS'S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: 
text: Wells stands at his desk, smoking.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What? What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: They’re taking over the mine. The
dialog: military’s here, the Minister revoked
dialog: our exploration permits.
text: A terrifying realization begins to dawn on Wells.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: What happened at your meeting with
dialog: Hancock?
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: What happened at the meeting!?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: They were trying to push us out, Mike.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Push us out? What do you mean?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: They even took our name, Mike. Right
dialog: off everything.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You bloody moron.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: They can’t revoke the permit! They
dialog: can’t just steal it away from us!
text: Acosta is livid, screaming as he’s herded onto a truck.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: I told you from the beginning: Suharto
dialog: can do whatever he wants!
text: Wells paces, he knows this could be the end.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Oh, God... Oh, my God.
text: Acosta sees a SOLDIER knock one of the WORKERS to the ground
text: with his rifle. Fury in Acosta's face as he rushes over,
text: shoves the soldier out of the way.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Do not touch my men.
text: The Soldier levels his rifle at Acosta. Acosta stares back.
text: Defiant. Acosta helps the worker to his feet.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: (Dayak, subtitles)
dialog: Get to the trucks. Go...
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Mike - what’s going on?...
dialog: (silence from the receiver)
dialog: Mike? Mike?!
text: Acosta backs away from the Soldier, turns and walks slowly
text: back to the phone... He picks it up. Finally --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: We lost the site. You knew who you
dialog: were dealing with. They’re killers --
dialog: Hancock first among them.
text: Wells seems to physically crumble -- he buries his face in his
text: hands. Completely at a loss.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m sorry, Mike. I’m sorry.
scene_heading: INT. DIMLY LIT ROOM - NIGHT
text: Wells looks up at Jennings -- it’s not easy telling someone
dialog: what a fuck-up you are. He’s embarrassed, the pain of the
text: moment, the booze, the miles, all fresh on his face.
dialog: 90A.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: It turned out that, in addition to
dialog: long-standing ties to Suharto, Newport
dialog: Holdings has on its Board an ex-
dialog: President of the United States, who
dialog: was actually IN one of Suharto’s
dialog: weddings -- a groomsman.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT'D)
dialog: So the whole time they were looking me
dialog: in the eye offering to make my grand-
dialog: kids rich, they had a backup plan,
dialog: which was to steal it all away.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: And Acosta had ordered you to sell.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Yes... no... he didn’t order me. We
dialog: were winging it, the negotiating I
dialog: mean, it was sort of agreed upon, the
dialog: direction, without really talking
dialog: about it, you know what I mean?
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: Did he tell you to take the deal? Yes
dialog: or no?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: ...Yes.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: But you didn’t.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: No.
text: Jennings glances at the more junior men. This is significant.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: Why not?
text: Wells is now truly embarrassed. Finally, he gets it out.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Because Kensana would become a Newport
dialog: mine and Mark Hancock's Midas touch
dialog: continues. Kenny Wells? A footnote --
dialog: the lucky bastard who fell down drunk
text: and woke up in a pile of money.
text: Jennings takes a moment. Walks over to Levine. Confers for a
text: second. See them looking across the space at Wells. There’s
text: disagreement. Jennings comes back.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: That was a pretty foolish business
dialog: decision, wasn’t it?
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: It was my dream. I dreamed it. And if
dialog: you sell your dream, then what do you
dialog: have left?
scene_heading: EXT. KAY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Wells pulls up. Sees his stuff in boxes and garbage bags on
text: her front lawn. He gets out. Then realizes Kay is sitting on
text: the stoop smoking a cigarette.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I’m just sitting here. Obviously this
dialog: is an emotional thing, but I’m not
dialog: going to let it get that way.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What’re you doing?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What am I doing? Really? Okay. To make
dialog: this easier I’m sitting here making a
dialog: mental list. Of all the shit you never
dialog: did. A Shit Kenny Never Did List.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Kay --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: For instance... my “yard” -- it’s
text: pebbles and weeds. The “grass.” The
dialog: “sprinklers.” That’s next weekend. The
dialog: big hole in the back yard -- I mean,
dialog: the “pool.” Remember that? Because all
dialog: I see is crabgrass. And you. I see
dialog: you, Wells.
text: She starts to cry. And is mad at herself for it.
dialog: 93.
text: And now she’s on her walk staring at the grass growing between
text: the cracks and through her tears she starts ripping at it and
text: throwing it at him.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You see all this? See how hard it is?
dialog: It’s not hard. Look at me. Look. So
dialog: I’m just going to stay here with my...
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Kay --!
text: She starts kicking his stuff. Kicking it at him.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Take your stupid crap... Take it...
dialog: and leave my stupid crapgrass --
text: And then she stops, realizing the thing she didn’t want to
text: happen --getting massively upset -- has happened.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wherever you're going, whatever you’re
dialog: becoming, I don’t want to go with you
dialog: or become that.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Kay... Kay, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You're always saying that where I’m
dialog: concerned. Go say you’re sorry
text: somewhere else for a while.
text: She goes inside and slams the front door behind, leaving him
text: outside with all his stuff. Which he now starts collecting.
dialog: 94.
text: He throws it in the trunk of the car as HART HUBBARD,
text: neighbor, comes around the side of his house.
speaker_heading: HART HUBBARD
dialog: Is this a bad time?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Go fuck yourself, Hart.
text: Wells gets in and without a look back drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - DAY/NIGHT
text: Wells pulls into the bar parking lot. The new leather interior
text: mocking him. Flicks ashes haphazardly at the console ashtray
text: and we see he’s already got a bunch of burn holes.
speaker_heading: CNBC REPORTER (0.S.)
text: ...Major news on Wall Street. Washoe
dialog: stock was off nearly fifty points at
dialog: the opening bell this morning...
text: The caddy parked outside in daytime. Then it’s night time.
scene_heading: INT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - NIGHT
text: Wells sits alone, unsteadily, at the bar. He watches the CNBC
text: MARKET REPORT. Roy watches Wells with concern as he pours the
text: last shot from a bottle of Seagrams.
speaker_heading: CNBC REPORTER (ON TV)
dialog: ...On news of the Suharto government's
dialog: revocation of Washoe’s exploration
dialog: rights... There is talk of a deal in
dialog: place for Mark Hancock of Newport
dialog: Holdings to take over Washoe’s stake.
dialog: President and CEO Kenny Wells has not
text: commented publicly on the news.
text: Roy picks up the remote, about to flip...
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I‘1l comment. They stole it. They
dialog: goddamn stole it.
dialog: (drinks )
dialog: I’m gonna need another.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: You’re gonna need to go home, Kenny.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Yeah okay, Roy. A roadie then--
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: How ‘bout a cab.
text: Wells just looks at Roy. By the look on his face, this could
text: go bad. But a smile comes to Wells's face as he slides off the
text: stool, wobbles onto his feet. It’s not a friendly smile.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Piece of advice, Roy, and you should
dialog: take my word on this. You ain’t the
dialog: only game in town.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Go home, Kenny.
text: And as he sways for the door, Roy watching him sadly, WE...
speaker_heading: STANTON (0.S.)
dialog: I’m telling anyone who'll listen, we
dialog: have legal remedies. There will be a
dialog: settlement...
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: The late afternoon sun sets the gold WASHOE sign aglow. As a
text: tired Mike Acosta gets out of a taxi. And takes in Reno in all
text: its desolate glory.
speaker_heading: STANTON (0.S.)
dialog: .--None of which I really believe by
dialog: the way...
scene_heading: INT. WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Burns and Connie listen to Stanton.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: I stemmed the bleeding for now, but
dialog: the bottom’s gonna fall out.
text: Scottie Nevins goes looks out the window.
speaker_heading: NEVINS
dialog: Kenny was at the Greenhorn all night-
dialog: rough. Roy bounced him. And I swung by
text: the house. Kay tossed him out.
text: Acosta enters.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Look at this. It’s like a clown car.
dialog: Trying to work the pedals with your
dialog: clown feet.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where is he?
scene_heading: INT. KAY’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kay is asleep in her bed. She’s awakened by the RINGING PHONE.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: WELLS AT A PAY PHONE --
scene_heading: KAY'S ANSWERING MACHINE (0.S.)
dialog: This is us, we can't get to the phone
dialog: right now. You know what to do.
text: BEEP. ON KAY -- silence on the line. Then -- CLICK.
text: WELLS -- he hangs up. He has to steady himself as he fishes
text: out more coins. He dials.
text: ON KAY -- the phone rings again. This time she turns on the
text: bedside lamp, sitting up listening.
scene_heading: WELLS (ON ANSWERING MACHINE)
dialog: Kay, it’s me. Are you there? If
dialog: you're there will you pick up?
text: Hearing his voice hurts, but she’s not picking up.
text: WELLS is barely able to hold his head up, slogging through his
dialog: words. Cue the pity-party string section --
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay... guess you’re not home, then.
dialog: I was just calling to... I just wanted
dialog: to hear your voice. I screwed up,
dialog: Kay... I thought I could stake a
dialog: claim, and build something, something
dialog: real, that’s all I wanted... with
dialog: you... with Washoe...
dialog: (beat, sincere)
dialog: You were right. You were right.
text: The line goes silent. Kay looks stricken, but she fights the
text: urge to pick up. Wells leans his forehead against the phone --
text: drifts off for a second. He comes-to with a start.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Kay? It’s me... I’m gonna stop now.
dialog: I’m not calling anymore --
text: She quickly picks up just as Wells hangs up --
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Hello?
text: Too late. Wells staggers a few paces and tries to light a
text: cigarette, but he’s too fucked up to pull it off. He throws it
text: away, turns back to the phone, searches around for change.
dialog: He’s out of change.
scene_heading: EXT. PAY PHONE AREA - MORNING
text: Wells passed out under the phone, receiver dangling. The caddy
text: parked at an odd angle, half over a curb. Door open. DINGING.
text: Then a boot pauses above him. Kicks him. Kicks him harder.
text: WELLS'S POV, staring up into a BACKLIT FIGURE. Another kick, a
text: voice from far away, the voice of God --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Get up. Get up.
text: A stunned look, the sun in his eyes, the sickness of booze.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: You don’t get to make the mistake AND
dialog: feel sorry for yourself. It’s one or
dialog: the other, mate.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Would’ve been confused about who’s
dialog: kicking me when I’m down, then I heard
dialog: the condescension...
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You haven’t heard anything yet.
text: He starts to kick him again, but Wells pulls Acosta's legs out
text: from under him. And it’s on: a release of drunken pent-up fury
text: and failure, sloppy and real. They flail, tackle, expending
text: the agony of mutual failure, until they’re both wiped out,
text: sprawled on their backs.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: I propose a draw.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BATHROOM - LATER
text: A JET OF COLD WATER ON WELLS.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BATHROOM - LATER
text: The shower is still running.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (0.S.)
dialog: How are you doing in there?
text: No answer. Acosta pulls back the curtain to find Wells sitting
text: on the shower floor, seemingly out cold.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Acosta holds out a Styrofoam coffee. Which he probably spiked
text: with Seagrams. MotherfuckingTheresa.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: Here, get this down.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL - ROOM - LATER
text: Acosta in the open doorway. Maybe a highway out there
text: somewhere. A gloomy day. Wells sits on the edge of a bed in
text: half light, the worse for wear.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I think Kay’s done with me.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Smart woman.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mike, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: You know what people say? That you’re
dialog: a drunk. Out of your league.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Yeah? Well fuck them. I need a big
dialog: lecture from Mr. Golden Boy in his
dialog: golden glow. How hard and messed up
dialog: everything is. Tell me that from your
text: perch at the bar of the Jakarta Palace
dialog: after you’ve used that instinct of
dialog: yours to find some other big strike
dialog: with some other people.
text: Acosta stares at him a moment.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: That’s what you think?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: That’s what I know. That’s what
dialog: everybody knows. You’re
text: MikeFuckingAcosta.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: I’ve never lacked for confidence...
text: Wells in agreement on that one. But Acosta seems to be
text: deciding whether to tell him something.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay. So we’re in North Sulawesi,
dialog: monsoon season -- this is 1980 --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: The copper strike --
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Yeah, the famous copper strike. Only
dialog: we were looking for bauxite. On the
dialog: way to where I’m planning to drill, I
dialog: get us stuck. Five feet of mud. We've
dialog: found nothing. We’ve drilled nothing.
dialog: We're just sitting in the rain, day
text: after day, watching the metal rust.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What’d you do?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Under the theory that it’s better to
dialog: do something than nothing, I reported
dialog: this was where we were trying to get
dialog: to. Instead of being lost, we had
dialog: arrived. This was the spot... Nowhere
dialog: became somewhere --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: The place you got stuck?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Yeah. The place I got stuck.
dialog: 100.
text: Wells looks up and slowly everything changes, it has a charm,
dialog: a purpose, it’s cool. It’s the place to hit bottom, part of
text: the legend. He goes up to Acosta. A beat. Then...
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I love that--!
text: Wells claps him on the back. Looks out at the same Reno he’s
text: always looked out at, the same grim futureless rain or dust or
text: whatever’s out there and now it looks different, too -- bright
text: and infinite and possible, just like his dream.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: You were looking for bauxite and you
dialog: found copper. I went looking for gold
dialog: and I found a friend.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: That may be the single hokiest thing
dialog: I’ve ever heard in my life.
dialog: (off Wells's hurt
dialog: expression)
dialog: Okay, it’s true. But you did con me
dialog: into signing that goddamn napkin.
dialog: It’s the moment of truth for Kenny Wells.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You know what we said when we started
dialog: this thing... So... you got a plan?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Don’t you?
text: But ACOSTA has the beginnings of a slow smile. THE ROAR OF A
text: JET PLANE -- Wells turns and looks out the door -- and the
scene_heading: VIEW THROUGH A MOTEL DOORWAY is A RUNWAY IN JAKARTA as an AIR
text: INDONESIA JET drops out of the sky...
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: Turns out, Suharto had a son, his
dialog: youngest, Darmadi - Danny -- bit of a
dialog: screw-up, a real problem for the old
dialog: man. So I guess you could say, we all
dialog: understood each other.
scene_heading: EXT. CILIWUNG RIVER - DANNY SUHARTO ESTATE - DAY
dialog: 
text: Wells and Acosta are ferried down an urban river in a swanky
text: taxi boat. They arrive at a colonial boathouse and disembark.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.)
dialog: Suharto had been trying to get Danny
dialog: set up for years, but everything Danny
dialog: touched turned to shit. I figured if
dialog: we could bring Danny on board as a
dialog: partner, maybe he could get daddy to
dialog: change his mind and swing things back
dialog: our way. It was a Hail Mary from our
dialog: own one yard line, but it was all I
dialog: had... It also didn’t hurt that Danny
dialog: had been regularly ignored by a
dialog: certain ex-president of the United
dialog: States who was a groomsman at his
dialog: father’s third wedding and also
dialog: happened to sit on the board of
dialog: Newport Holdings.
text: They are led into a pool area where DARMADI “DANNY” SUHARTO
text: plays “chicken” in the pool with a GIRL on his shoulders.
speaker_heading: WELLS (0.S.)
text: So, this guy walks into a Cadillac
dialog: dealership, okay?...
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - DAY
text: A massive estate. Wells and Acosta sit in the pool pavilion
text: with Danny, now in a lush bathrobe. Danny looks every bit the
text: royal child with skin that glows. He listens as Wells, in full
dialog: form,
dialog: Wells
dialog: who's
dialog: Danny
dialog: Danny
dialog: nails the joke...
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: ...-Salesman says, “Excuse me sir, are
dialog: you thinking about buying a Cadillac?”
dialog: And the guy says, “No, I’m definitely
dialog: buyin’ a Cadillac. I’m thinking about
dialog: pussy!”
text: laughs. Danny looks at Acosta and then back at Wells
text: still laughing. Acosta drops his head as WE WAIT...
text: stares at Wells. A long beat. Then...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Cadillac is pussy magnet.
text: smiles, then laughs. They all start to laugh. Acosta
dialog: can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You like Cadillacs?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ‘62 Eldorado. Finest car ever made.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY’S ‘62 ELDORADO - DAY
text: The Pixies’ “Where is my mind?” plays. Danny driving through
text: downtown Jakarta. Wells in the front seat, Acosta in back.
text: Danny on a driving pillow which raises him up in the seat.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (yelling over music)
dialog: I love Pixies! I lived in Boston. My
dialog: sister went to Pine Manor. Dated --
text: Points at Acosta in the backseat.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Your sister’s crazy.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: My sister is so crazy. Is it too early
dialog: for a drink?
text: He nods at the glove box. Wells finds a bottle of BLACK LABEL.
speaker_heading: DANNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Red label is for peasants --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: That’s what I always say --
scene_heading: INT. BAMBOO BAR - NIGHT
text: Danny, Wells, Acosta in a bar that hasn’t changed since the
dialog: Dutch were running things. Everyone knows Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Gerald Ford, tall man. George H.W.
text: Bush, a very tall man. Mark Hancock a
dialog: tall man. My father a small man. Small
dialog: in stature. But he loves his family.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Mine, too. Then he died in the
dialog: driveway bringing in groceries.
text: Wells points to where his heart is. Danny raises a glass.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: To father of Wells --
scene_heading: EXT. DANNY'S ESTATE - NIGHT
text: Voices in the dark, drunken, furtive. Then shapes emerge. Now
text: see Danny. A key tries to find a lock. Drops. Gropes.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: 85-15 split, if you have the balls.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: That’s robbery --
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That’s deal. If you have balls. No
dialog: balls, no deal.
text: Now the key slowly fits in the lock. It makes a subtle
text: clicking sound.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: 50-50 and I’d consider it.
text: Danny shakes his head, no. CAMERA NOW FINDS WELLS... Sweat and
text: true Hail Mary desperation all over his face.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Kenny? Do you have balls?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Don’t do it. It’s not worth it.
text: Wells looks again through the bars of a cage. He swallows.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Open it.
text: The heavy bars slam shut behind him. Discover his eyes are
text: clenched shut. Slowly they open. Adjusting to the gloom.
text: WELLS'S POV -- YELLOW EYES, almost lit from within, moving,
text: belonging to SOMETHING VERY LARGE that paces in a circle.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (whispered to Acosta)
dialog: Only 50 left in world.
text: Wells takes another step. A low GROWLING. He FREEZES. Wells
text: looks back at Danny and Acosta. Then takes another step --
text: As a SUMATRAN TIGER
text: Moves forward into the moonlight. Crouched, ready to pounce.
speaker_heading: DANNY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (reverent)
dialog: Sumatran tiger... very rare.
text: Wells slowly reaches out his hand. Closer. Suddenly --
text: The TIGER ROARS.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: Wells --!
text: Wells reaches out and touches the tiger’s head, right between
text: the eyes. The huge cat STILLS. Wells stills. A tableau --
text: Kenny Wells’ hand touching a Sumatran tiger between the eyes.
text: Wells scratches with his knuckles.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m touching a tiger! I’m touching a
dialog: goddamn tiger!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BROWN, THOMAS - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Big views over Manhattan on a stormy Monday morning. The
text: office seems dead. Woolf walks down a long hallway.
scene_heading: INT. BROWN, THOMAS - OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Woolf steps into his office where he finds Dresher waiting.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Hollis. What’s going on?
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: You haven’t heard? Wells cut a deal.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: A deal? What are you talking about?
dialog: Who'd cut a deal with him?
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: Suharto... The Indonesian government.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: Washoe retains fifteen percent of
dialog: the find, the other eighty-five
dialog: goes to the company of Suharto’s
dialog: choosing, which just so happens to
dialog: be owned by his son. Wells cut us
text: off at the knees.
text: Woolf is stunned.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: What about Hancock?
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: He’s gone. Can’t compete at that
text: number. Deal’s over, Frank. Wells and
dialog: Acosta are now the only outside
dialog: partners in the biggest gold strike in
dialog: history. We represent exactly none of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: Fifteen percent is a terrible deal.
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: Is it? What’s fifteen percent of
dialog: thirty billion dollars?
text: Woolf knows now he’s looking at the executioner.
speaker_heading: WOOLF
dialog: I can explain -- you met him --
speaker_heading: DRESHER
dialog: You are going to be fine, Bryan;
dialog: you'll land on your feet.
text: We stay on Woolf, in shock. The SOUND of a CHORUS of VOICES
text: rises, and WE GO...
scene_heading: INT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - DAY
text: Bobby Burns and the boys singing along drunkenly to some song.
text: As Wells enters carrying a heavy, taped-up roll of fabric, and
text: a small, wrapped gift. Booze and music and cigarettes as they
text: turn and cheer him. But he’s looking for Kay.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hey, Roy. Seen Kay around?
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: You didn’t hear?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hear what, Roy?
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: She quit. Got the promotion out at the
dialog: American Home -- Assistant Manager.
dialog: Proud of her.
speaker_heading: CNBC REPORTER (ON TV)
dialog: ...In our top money news, a story that
dialog: is being compared to David and
dialog: Goliath, or maybe that’s Kenny and
dialog: Goliath -- Kenny Wells that is...
dialog: 106.
text: As someone TURNS UP THE VOLUME on THE TV above the bar --
speaker_heading: CNBC REPORTER (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: Washoe Mining has secured a deal with
dialog: the Suharto government of Indonesia to
dialog: retain control of their massive gold
text: strike there, fending off a takeover
dialog: by Newport Holdings.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Kicking Hancock’s ass --
text: More CHEERS. WELLS is the center of attention.
scene_heading: CNN REPORTER/WELLS SIMUL
text: Washoe shares are soaring on the news.
text: As CLIVE Coleman spots Wells. Wells sees Clive as he
text: approaches. Whatever he’s here for, it looks serious.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Got a minute?
text: Wells steps out with Clive.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THREE GREENHORNS BAR - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Strip plazas, dollar stores, pawn shops. And the first star in
text: the sky, the Northern Star. Or a planet. One of them.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I just got a call.
text: Wells freezes. Clive enjoys the moment. Giving away nothing.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (CONT'D)
dialog: The National Association of
dialog: Prospectors is gonna honor you with
dialog: the Golden Pickaxe.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Are you shitting me?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You are officially the best miner in
dialog: the world. And somewhere I’m sure your
text: dad is smiling.
text: There, outside The Three Greenhorns Bar, Kenny Wells has
text: finally been accepted on terms he cares about.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Well if he’s not smiling, I’1l smile
dialog: for the both of us.
dialog: 107.
text: He can’t speak any more. Too overcome by the moment. And then
dialog: he realizes where he’s gotta go --
scene_heading: INT./EXT. AMERICAN HOME - LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: 
text: The Caddy pulls up. Wells gets out. Opens the trunk. Gets that
dialog: big roll of gift fabric he bought in Indo.
text: He’s happy. A peace offering in hand. Starts forward, then
text: stops. He stares, his face falling. He sees --
speaker_heading: KAY,
text: Wearing her own clothes, a manager now, smiling at something
text: her boss is saying. She rests a hand on his arm --
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. KAY'S HOUSE - DUSK (MINUTES LATER)
dialog: 
text: THE ROLL OF FABRIC HITS THE FRONT DOOR and drops to the stoop.
text: Then the wrapped gift hits the door and drops.
text: Wells back in his car. Door SLAMS. Car CAREENS AWAY, barely
text: breaking around a distant turn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT./INT. HARRAH’S HOTEL AND CASINO - RENO, NEVADA - DUSK
dialog: 
text: The Caddy rolls up under the awning at Harrah’s. An unctuous
text: MANAGER welcomes Wells personally.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Welcome to Harrah’s Reno, Mr. Wells.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Thank you very much... Carissa.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: We have you in the Prospector Suite,
dialog: which has a wonderful view of the
dialog: mountains. Will you need help with
dialog: your bags?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Oh, yeah.
text: He looks back at the Caddy as the luggage trolley passes.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: DESK MANAGER
dialog: The Prospector Suite has a lovely view
dialog: of the mountains, Sir.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’1ll take it.
speaker_heading: DESK MANAGER
dialog: Will you need help with your bags?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Oh, yeah.
scene_heading: INT. PROSPECTOR SUITE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY
text: The boxes he took from Kay’s. Rodeo clown ashtray. A few
text: childhood pictures. Young Kenny holding a string of bass.
text: Grandfather on a side of a mountain. His father standing next
text: to a new Caddy, looking for all the world like Wells.
text: There’s a KNOCK at the door of the suite. Wells opens it to
text: find MIKE ACOSTA standing there.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I didn’t think you could make it.
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: (pure Wells)
dialog: Who you talking to, Wells?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Besides, you'll definitely need help
dialog: with your tie.
scene_heading: INT. PROSPECTOR SUITE - MASTER BATHROOM - EVENING
text: Gold fixtures everywhere. Acosta sitting on a counter watches
text: Wells wrestle with the bow tie.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I’m nervous.
text: And the bow tie does present a mystery.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: A thousand monkeys, a thousand
dialog: years... Okay, hotshot...
text: Acosta quickly ties the tie. Adjusts it. And now we see a
text: changed Wells. He looks good. Catches himself in the mirror.
text: Acosta catches the same reflection.
text: Wells pulls cards from his jacket. Looks at Acosta. A true
dialog: friend is the one you feel comfortable practicing this kind of
text: speech in front of.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: My great granddad came out here on a
dialog: wagon. He had a horse and two mules...
dialog: (to Acosta)
dialog: Too much?
speaker_heading: ACOSTA
dialog: No, man. It’s good.
scene_heading: EXT. RENO SKYLINE - SUNSET
text: Mountains in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. HARRAH’S HOTEL AND CASINO - BALLROOM - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Wells at his table with Acosta, Bobby Burns, Stanton, Clive,
dialog: Connie, Nevins. He’s quiet. This means a lot him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY BURNS
dialog: Kenny, you’re a star, boy. Don’t sweat
dialog: it. I mean really, don’t sweat.
text: He’s sweating. Someone passes him a napkin.
speaker_heading: MC (0.S.)
dialog: It’s been a long night and I’m sure
dialog: you will soon hit the tables here at
dialog: Harrah's Reno and make it a lot longer
dialog: night. And hit those tables people...
dialog: it’s why Verna makes the rooms so
dialog: reasonable.
text: Laughter around the room. A few big firms have tables. And
dialog: lots of smaller players. It’s everyone’s night.
speaker_heading: MC (CONT'D)
dialog: They do accept gold for bar tabs...
dialog: (laughter)
dialog: Now we come to our last honor, the
dialog: 1988 Golden Pickaxe for “Prospector Of
dialog: The Year,” which goes to our own Kenny
dialog: Wells! Get up here, Kenny--!
text: Wells rises and makes his way, showered with applause and
text: FLASHING cameras. The crowd rises, saluting Wells, saluting
text: that part of themselves that hangs on, refuses to give up.
text: Wells cradles the Golden Pickaxe statue, which is exactly as
text: it sounds, a golden pickaxe. He stares out, savoring his
text: moment. Then holds it up as flashbulbs flash.
text: Pulls his speech from his pocket. Looks out at faces, laughing
text: faces, no one taking this quite so seriously.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Every last one of us who calls the
dialog: great state of Nevada home arrived
text: here with a dream.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (yelling out)
text: Drinks on Kenny.
text: Laughter. And AT WELLS'S TABLE --
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Great state of Nevada?
text: He sees Kay. He smiles. Realizes it’s not her.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: ...That was my great granddad who came
dialog: out here on a wagon. Had a horse and
text: two mules when they finally stopped
dialog: moving and said this was the place, he
dialog: was only about forty miles from right
dialog: here.
text: At the back of the room, ACOSTA IS LEAVING. He pauses and
text: turns to Wells. A nod of respect and congratulations passes
text: unspoken between them. And then ACOSTA IS GONE.
text: Wells looks at the statue.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: What is a prospector?
dialog: (the crowd groans)
dialog: No, I’m serious. It’s someone who
text: believes it’s out there. Who wakes up
dialog: every morning and somehow believes.
text: Again and again. It’s not there.
text: Standing at the edge of a desert,
text: watching the sun rise and something in
dialog: him says, “it’s that way, just walk.”
text: FLASH, FLASH, FLASH! Wells walks the center aisle, drowned in
text: flashing light and glorious adoration. Everyone’s reaching out
text: to shake his hand.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And the sun is higher and it’s getting
text: hot and nobody else sees anything. And
dialog: everyone else wants to turn back...
text: And then IT’S LATER and EVERYONE’S CROWDED AT THE BAR.
text: Champagne corks are popping. POP POP POP.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: And everyone else has turned back. And
text: now he’s alone. And it’s burning hot.
dialog: And there is no water...
text: And ON THE CASINO FLOOR Wells is PLAYING ROULETTE. The WHEEL
text: IS SPINNING. STACKS OF MONEY are moving. SHOW GIRLS ARE
text: FLOCKING.
text: Then IT’S EVEN LATER. WELLS IS SPORTING DRINKS ALL AROUND.
text: Champagne. POP POP POP.
speaker_heading: WELLS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s out there... It’s out there...
dialog: It’s out there...
text: TIGHTER ON THE FACE OF KENNY WELLS as he sits back at his
text: table, accepting the congratulations of his friends. As people
text: call his name and cheer and FLASHBULBS POP -- POP POP POP --
text: BACK AT THE PODIUM. Tight on Wells as he takes in all of the
text: listening faces.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: And it doesn’t matter whether he finds
dialog: it or not. It doesn’t matter. That’s a
dialog: prospector.
text: He basks in it, the words vibrating for everyone in the room.
scene_heading: INT. PROSPECTOR SUITE - MORNING
text: Tracking across the detritus of a huge night to find Wells in
text: bed, sound asleep. The phone starts to RING -- Wells doesn’t
text: move. Then finally he moans, rolls toward the phone --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Hello..? What..? What?
text: Wells is instantly awake. Hear the INDONESIAN FOREMAN saying
dialog: something FRANTIC over the and over--
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry I can’t understand you. No
dialog: go? I don’t understand. Slowly. Speak
text: more slowly.
text: AT THE WASHOE SITE: THE FOREMAN YELLING INTO A SATELLITE
text: PHONE THE SIZE OF A SUITCASE.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: No gold. There is NO GOLD.
text: The window behind Wells reveals sun just catching the peaks,
text: flaming morning gold. Wells grips the phone like a lifeline.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: A mob scene outside. As Wells pulls up in his car, the crowd
text: converges on him. He can barely get his car door open. He
text: squeezes out and pushes through the furious crowd --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I don’t know any more than you do
dialog: right now!
text: ...-But nobody’s hearing him -- PEOPLE shout out: “You fucking
dialog: thief!" “I'm gonna kill you!" “Where's our money?!"
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: I will get to the bottom of this!
dialog: I promise!
text: Suddenly, out of nowhere -- A FIST -- WHAM -- right across
text: Wells's face! It staggers him. The crowd lets out a roar of
dialog: approval. This is getting real ugly, real fast.
text: A PAIR OF HANDS GRABS WELLS. He turns, panic in his eyes --
text: but it’s Connie Wright. Bobby Burns is with him. They pull
text: Wells through the mob to the building’s side entrance.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Total shit storm, Kenny.
text: Wells is still dazed.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I know... I know...
text: They fight the last few feet to the door and as they force
text: their way inside, WE FOLLOW THEM...
scene_heading: INT. WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: They’re out of breath, adrenaline pumping. Wells turns to
text: face his friends’ haunted expressions...
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What happened? How did this happen?
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: The independent assayer... they
dialog: couldn’t reproduce Mike’s findings.
dialog: 113.
text: Wells trying to take it in.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: There’s no gold, Kenny. There’s no
dialog: goddamn gold. There never was.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: That’s not possible.
scene_heading: SEQUENCE OF SCENES --
scene_heading: CNN NEWS CENTER -- A professorial looking MINING EXPERT
text: explains to a NEWS ANCHOR...
speaker_heading: MINING EXPERT
dialog: It’s called “salting” and it literally
dialog: means, when someone sprinkles gold
dialog: dust into a sample of rock, like you'd
dialog: add salt to a steak.
text: GOLD DUST -- pours onto a DIGITAL SCALE.
speaker_heading: MINING EXPERT (CONT’D)
dialog: By all appearances, Washoe’s security
dialog: protocols were iron-clad. But if the
dialog: person administering security is
text: fraudulent, the system breaks down.
text: Then, the gold dust sprinkles into a GROUND SAMPLE OF ROCKS --
speaker_heading: MINING EXPERT (CONT’D)
dialog: ...It’s the oldest trick in the book.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: “Oldest trick in the book.” And yet
dialog: major mining corporations, investment
dialog: banks, auditors, everyone was fooled.
speaker_heading: MINING EXPERT
dialog: We weren’t fooled; we didn’t look.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON: A MAGNIFIED IMAGE -- TWO GOLD SAMPLES, side by
text: side. The one on the LEFT has smoothly rounded edges; the one
text: on the RIGHT is angular and jagged.
speaker_heading: GEOLOGIST (0.S.)
text: The image on the left is the type of
text: gold found in the Washoe samples.
dialog: This is river gold - notice how the
text: edges are rounded, worn smooth by the
dialog: erosion of the water.
dialog: WE PULL BACK to --
dialog: 114.
text: A FINANCIAL SHOW -- The GEOLOGIST is seated across from a Jim
dialog: Cramer-type financial HOST.
speaker_heading: GEOLOGIST (CONT’D)
dialog: ...What we should have found is flake
dialog: gold - the sample on the right, pulled
text: directly from the rock, rough edged
dialog: and angular.
dialog: The Host is nearly apoplectic --
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: That seems like a pretty big freakin’
dialog: detail to overlook!
speaker_heading: GEOLOGIST
dialog: It’s a big detail. But you have to
dialog: understand, everything else about the
dialog: Washoe samples was right...
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: ..-But the gold was wrong! It’s right
dialog: there, that’s what you’re saying?!
speaker_heading: GEOLOGIST
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: INT. WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - WELLS'S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: 
text: The guys are hard at work, going over financial documents.
text: Wells is on a phone at the center of it all --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Acosta? Mike Acosta? No. Yes, I do
dialog: mind waiting -- Did he or did he not
dialog: come to the Kalimantan?
text: Bobby Burns approaches Wells. Burns looks gut-punched.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: The New York Stock Exchange just
dialog: suspended trading. They’re taking
text: Washoe off the board.
text: Washoe is done, finished. Wells sinks back in his chair. And
text: slowly hangs up the phone. The news seems to take whatever air
dialog: he’s got left out of him.
text: A long silent moment. There’s nothing more to say, but Burns
text: just stands there. He looks in shock, like he’s had his soul
text: ripped out. Wells looks up at him...
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You sold some, right? Put something
dialog: away?
text: Burns hesitates before answering...
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Yeah... Of course. You?
text: Wells nods halfheartedly. It’s clear neither sold a damn
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Bobby?...
text: Burns can’t meet Wells's eyes.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Goddammit, Bobby! I told you to sell
dialog: some.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: I thought...I thought... it was just
text: going to keep going up.
text: Wells is genuinely distressed. And then Burns looks up -- his
text: eyes are damp, on the verge of crying. He can barely speak...
speaker_heading: BURNS (CONT'D)
dialog: Kenny, did you know, Did you know,
dialog: Kenny?
text: It’s like a blow to the heart.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What? Did I know? I can’t believe you
dialog: would ask me that.
text: Burns looks absolutely crushed.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ll take care of you, Bobby.
text: Connie rushes in carrying a sheath of PAPERS.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Kenny...
text: Burns’ expression hardens -- fists clenched like he’s gonna
dialog: punch Wells.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: I don’t want you to take care of me!
dialog: I want you to leave me the hell alone!
dialog: 116.
text: Burns walks away, a busted man. Wells turns to Connie. One
dialog: look and he knows this is big.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I don’t even know how to say this --
text: He dumps the papers on Wells's desk.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look.
text: Wells reads. It doesn’t take him long to understand. He throws
text: a glass at the wall. It shatters.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: WHAT! 11???
text: Connie answers Stanton’s questioning look.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: Acosta was dumping stock. Shell
dialog: companies. Banks in the Philippines,
text: the Azores. Multiple layers. All off-
dialog: shore.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Get ready for it... 164 million.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I don’t believe it.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Son of a bitch! What do we do? Kenny?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: There’s gotta be an explanation. We
dialog: gotta find Mike!
text: AT THAT MOMENT, they hear TIRES SCREECHING, CAR DOORS
text: SLAMMING. And look outside. DOZENS OF AGENTS rolling up, the
text: familiar blue jackets with the white lettering -- FBI. Hear
text: them entering. Then, a BULLHORN:
speaker_heading: FBI
dialog: This is the FBI! Step away from your
text: desks! Take two big steps away from
dialog: your desks. Do not touch anything!
dialog: 117.
text: MONTAGE of FBI raid. Floor by floor. They arrive at Wells's
text: office. Connie and Stanton in the middle of the room, frozen.
text: Wells at the window. Below, he sees the SPECIAL AGENT IN
text: CHARGE step out of a car, already giving quiet orders --
text: It’s JENNINGS.
text: Who looks up. Sees Wells at the window. Wells looks at him.
scene_heading: INT. NBC NEWS STUDIO - NIGHT
text: Sitting with ROGER MUDD is MARK HANCOCK, chairman of Newport
text: Holdings. Hancock as clean as snow as he rewrites history.
speaker_heading: HANCOCK
dialog: We suspected there were problems early
dialog: on, which is why we decided not to
dialog: pursue the joint venture Washoe
dialog: offered us. We got as many of our
dialog: investors out of Washoe as fast as
dialog: possible.
text: An insert PHOTO of Kenny Wells and Mike Acosta appears.
speaker_heading: ROGER MUDD
dialog: You made a lot of money. I mean before
text: the walls came tumbling down.
dialog: Hancock doesn't want to talk about that.
speaker_heading: ROGER MUDD (CONT’D)
dialog: And how much money was lost in the
dialog: fraud? That we know of.
speaker_heading: HANCOCK
dialog: Billions. Large institutional
dialog: investors lost billions of dollars.
speaker_heading: ROGER MUDD
dialog: So one, or maybe both of them, two
dialog: outsiders took everybody on Wall
dialog: Street for a ride.
speaker_heading: HANCOCK
dialog: Yes, it really looks like they did.
speaker_heading: ROGER MUDD
text: And Acosta has vanished.
speaker_heading: HANCOCK
text: With hundreds of millions of dollars.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: ROGER MUDD
dialog: Kenny Wells has consistently
dialog: maintained his innocence, that he was
dialog: duped along with everyone else. Given
dialog: that, what do you make of this?
text: He picks up a copy of NEWSWEEK MAGAZINE -- Kenny Wells on the
text: cover. Mudd reads the caption out loud:
speaker_heading: ROGER MUDD (CONT’D)
dialog: “Kenny Wells - Fool or Mastermind?"
dialog: ».-Care to comment?
text: Off Hancock, maybe for the first time, he’s at a loss...
speaker_heading: HANCOCK
dialog: That is a very good question, Roger.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PROSPECTOR SUITE & WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: A MONTAGE of time passing. Wells in the suite on the phone.
text: Wells at an increasingly empty Washoe headquarters. Wells is
text: increasingly desperate, then finally hopeless.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WASHOE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Wells stands on the steps in front of the building, a hundred
text: MICROPHONES and CAMERAS in his face. NEWS VANS jam the
text: sidewalk. A mob of ANGRY PROTESTORS held at bay by POLICE.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Mike Acosta was my friend and partner
dialog: and he betrayed me. I had no knowledge
dialog: of the deception he perpetrated. As
dialog: CEO of this company, it was my job to
dialog: know. I take full responsibility for
dialog: my failure in this regard and I
dialog: apologize sincerely to those who have
dialog: lost their investments. Wherever you
dialog: are, Mike, it’s time to come in. Tell
dialog: what happened... Mike --?
text: He can’t go on. Finally, he chokes out --
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: That’s all I have to say at this time.
text: The assembled reporters shout out a flurry of questions at
text: Wells's back as he leaves. They pursue him. Surrounding his
text: car. Trying to stop him from pulling out.
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: EXT. HARRAH’S HOTEL AND CASINO - RENO - DAY
dialog: 
text: Wells pulls in. Crowds out front waiting for him.
scene_heading: INT. HARRAH’S HOTEL AND CASINO - RENO - DAY
dialog: 
text: Angry FRONT DESK GUY trying to talk about the bill.
speaker_heading: FRONT DESK GUY
dialog: Mr. Wells, when exactly will you be
dialog: departing?
text: People hearing his name. Crowds turning. Pouring in.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DAY
text: The doors closing out the faces of angry, shouting people.
text: Wells just shuts his eyes and rides in blessed silence.
speaker_heading: DING.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Wells checks the hallway both directions.
text: AT THE “PROSPECTOR SUITE”
text: Checks hall again. Uses his key to open the door.
scene_heading: INT. PROSPECTOR SUITE - DAY
text: Wells entering, motoring toward the bar, freezes. Finds:
scene_heading: JENNINGS, BANKS, AND LEVINE
text: Waiting for him like executioners on execution day.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Do I need a lawyer?
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: Do you need a lawyer?
text: A moment between poker players. Then Wells shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: Right answer.
text: Jennings posts two guards outside the door. Sets the tape
text: recorder on the table. Wells at the bar searching, finding the
text: stashed bottle.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: .«.--Sure I can’t pour you one?
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: No, thanks. I’m working.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: All the more reason.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: Wells, sit down. We’ve got a lot to
dialog: cover...
text: The same exchange that started the film. Time has caught up
text: with Kenny Wells’ storytelling.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: SLOW FADE IN:
text: The Golden Pickaxe STATUE catching morning sun...
scene_heading: INT. PROSPECTOR SUITE - MORNING
text: The Sierra Nevada out the windows. It’s fall.
scene_heading: SUPER OVER -- RENO, NEVADA - OCTOBER, 1988
text: Wells facing Jennings, listening.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: I think it’s pretty unlikely we'll
dialog: ever see your partner again.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Wait, what do you mean? You're not
dialog: telling me something. What happened to
dialog: Mike?
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: A lot of very powerful people are very
text: angry at Michael Acosta.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: What happened! ?
text: Jennings searches Wells's face again for a trace of the
text: disingenuous.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: What happened? Yes. That’s what we’re
text: trying to put together.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (CONT'D)
dialog: Seventeen billion dollars of value
dialog: disappeared overnight. That is
dialog: certain. What else? Michael Acosta
dialog: waves goodbye to you in the ballroom
dialog: downstairs -- ta-ta -- goes back to
text: Indonesia on a jet chartered with
dialog: Washoe funds, and then he does his
dialog: disappearing act. This you know...
scene_heading: Off Wells -- PRE-LAP:
text: The sound of HELICOPTER ROTORS, growing louder. Deafening...
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - PRE DAWN
text: A helicopter chops at the morning air -- flying in low over
text: the lush jungle as the sun is about to rise.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (V.O.)
text: First, he’s locked out of the assay
dialog: lab in Kalimantan by The Minister of
dialog: the Interior. So he goes back to
dialog: Jakarta.
scene_heading: EXT. JAKARTA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - DAY
text: Acosta emerges from a plane and walks down the gangway stairs.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (V.O.)
text: Where he is immediately detained by
dialog: Indonesian Military.
text: Waiting for him at the bottom are INDONESIAN SOLDIERS.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: This way Mr. Acosta.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (V.O.)
text: And they hold him while they try to
dialog: reproduce for themselves the lab
dialog: results claimed by Washoe.
scene_heading: INT. INDONESIAN MILITARY BARRACKS - DAY
text: Acosta watching men march in formation through a doorway.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (V.O.)
dialog: Which of course they are unable to do.
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: INT. PROSPECTOR SUITE - DAY
text: Jennings takes his time. He’s enjoying this a little.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: And at this point either he’s being
dialog: moved to an actual prison, or he’s
text: bribed one of the officers. Either
text: way, he’s on a military helicopter.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HELICOPTER - FLYING - DAY
dialog: 
text: Acosta sits in the hold of the chopper, two soldiers across
text: from him, a pilot and another SOLDIER up front, all armed.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (V.O.)
text: They fly north loosely tracking the
dialog: Kensana river.
text: The chopper arcs in, following the river’s course.
text: Acosta stares out, far into the distance, taking in the
text: breathtaking beauty.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (V.O.)
dialog: Do not underestimate the Suharto
dialog: family. They are gangsters whose turf
dialog: is a nation of 100 million.
text: Acosta in the back of the chopper. He’s got a six-pack of
text: Tuborg Gold in cans. He cracks one, holds the others out to
text: the soldiers, who decline. He drains the beer. He looks down
text: at the river as it passes far below, flashing gold in the
text: sunlight, a snaking golden river, golden dream --
text: Hands suddenly undo his harness. An involuntary breath. Then a
text: smile creeps onto his face.
text: Acosta now at the open hatch door of the chopper. Tighter on
text: his eyes taking it in. He’s coming home.
text: IN SILENCE MIKE ACOSTA FALLS FROM THE HELICOPTER
text: Falling and falling and falling toward canpoy and water --
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (V.O.)
text: A thousand feet up, over the Kensana,
text: Mike Acosta takes a header.
text: ON THE PILOT -- as he turns and looks back and sees the EMPTY
text: SEAT, the soldiers buckling back in. He turns back around.
scene_heading: ACOSTA POV of ONRUSHING RIVER. CLOSER AND CLOSER AND THEN ALL
scene_heading: AT ONCE AS WE SMASH --
scene_heading: INT. PROSPECTOR SUITE - DAY
text: Wells is on the edge of his seat, eyes red from lack of sleep,
text: booze, cigarette smoke. He’s shaken up by the news. He doesn’t
dialog: want to believe it.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: No way. No fucking way. Mike was too
dialog: good, too savvy. He had to be planning
dialog: this. He knows what they do to you for
dialog: salting. What you think they’d do. He
dialog: faked it. Or he paid just to have the
dialog: story out.
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: 164 million goes a long way in
dialog: Indonesia...
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They found a body.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Are you sure it’s him?
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: I’m not sure of anything, except Mike
dialog: Acosta traded water filters for river
dialog: gold, but now the Indonesian
dialog: government has gone unusually quiet on
dialog: the subject and seems to have,
dialog: publicly at least, lost all interest
dialog: in finding Michael Acosta.
scene_heading: EXT. INDONESIAN JUNGLE - DAY
text: THE CRANE SHOT of the INDONESIAN MILITARY and DAYAK in semi-
text: circle around the SPLAYED BODY.
text: One of the soldiers breaks ranks and moves forward, kneeling
text: by the body. What he sees there sickens him --
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (V.0O.)
text: Hands and face were eaten away.
text: Probably by wild pigs.
text: BANG. All heads whirl. The BIG SNAKE FALLS. Floats down river.
text: The soldier finds the wallet, flips it open, checks the ID.
text: And this time we see the name -- MICHAEL ACOSTA.
text: And a picture of MIKE ACOSTA, smiling.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (V.O.)
text: There was an autopsy, corroborating
dialog: the identity with dental records from
dialog: Boston.
scene_heading: INT. PROSPECTOR SUITE - DAY
text: Jennings produces documents with a sort of bemused skepticism.
text: Autopsy. Photos of a pig-eaten body. Affidavit of cremation.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: Then they sealed the report, cremated
dialog: the remains. Interestingly Danny
dialog: Suharto dumped a lot of stock as well.
dialog: So the Suhartos are even richer, Mike
text: Acosta is ostensibly dead and buried,
dialog: a hundred sixty four million is still
dialog: missing, and the question I’m left
dialog: with is whether or not you were in on
dialog: it?
text: Wells takes a moment. Slowly shakes his head. Sad.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: Can't believe what?
text: Wells eyes well up. He rubs at them, making them even redder.
text: He lights a cig to cover the emotions.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: ...Everyone in the business had
dialog: written him off, called his theories
dialog: crap, and he couldn’t let that be the
dialog: last word on him.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: You talking about Acosta or yourself?
text: Wells ignores that.
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: We were running out of money and I was
dialog: sick with Malaria, I think that’s when
dialog: the salting started. Mike was sure he
dialog: was right, the gold was there, but he
dialog: needed to buy us more time to find it.
dialog: I don’t think he set out to swindle
dialog: anyone, but by the time he realized he
dialog: was wrong and there was no gold, he
dialog: was in too deep. I honestly think he
dialog: just didn’t want to let me down. And I
dialog: was fooled just like everybody else.
text: A pregnant beat. Levine, Jennings’ underling, leans down. He's
dialog: saying something that is mostly muffled... “Either world’s
dialog: biggest fool or...”
speaker_heading: LEVINE
dialog: ..-he’s not telling the truth --
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: The truth!? The only truth here is
dialog: that when everyone’s getting rich
dialog: nobody gives a shit about the truth.
dialog: All anyone had to do was look. Open
text: their eyes. The gold was wrong. The
dialog: find was too good. Red flags
dialog: everywhere, but no one looked, because
dialog: no one wanted to know. Not me, not
dialog: you, not anyone. What we all wanted
dialog: was to believe. Why? Because we were
dialog: making so much money.
text: Jennings looks over at Banks and Levine. That landed.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: (to his coworkers)
dialog: Mark, Eric, sit down please.
text: Jennings checks the cassette on the tape recorder. And when he
dialog: addresses his questions to Wells we can feel it’s all coming
dialog: down to this.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: Were you aware that Mike Acosta was
dialog: salting the Washoe core samples?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: You had no knowledge Mike Acosta was
dialog: perpetrating a fraud?
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: No. I thought I’d won the lottery.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: You were not in collusion with Mike
dialog: Acosta on the Kensana gold strike?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: Did you profit from the Kensana fraud?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: You know I didn’t. I can’t pay the
dialog: hotel bill. Hell, I can’t even get the
dialog: minibar.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: Did anyone close to you profit?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: You have gained nothing?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: My friends lost money, my neighbors
dialog: lost money, but I lost everything.
dialog: Because, the real truth is... I never
dialog: cared much about money. I cared about
dialog: gold. It’s different, Jennings. It’s
dialog: different.
text: Jennings, Banks, and Levine walk away and confer. It’s clear
text: they’re having a difficult time reaching a quorum.
text: Wells turns and looks at the mountains. And then Jennings
dialog: crosses back.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: (into tape recorder)
text: End of deposition, 6:45 AM, Seventeen,
dialog: October, 1988, conducted by Paul K.
dialog: Jennings - Special Agent In Charge,
dialog: Federal Bureau of Investigation,
dialog: District of Nevada, Reno.
text: He presses stop on the recorder. Closes his notes. He and
text: Wells look at each other a long moment.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: You're free to go, Mr. Wells.
dialog: 127.
text: Wells seems like he wasn’t expecting this and maybe almost
dialog: like he was past caring about it.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Look at that, somebody believes me.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: I wouldn’t go overboard. In fact, I
dialog: wouldn’t leave the state. Wouldn’t
dialog: start buying new stuff or chartering
dialog: any more jets.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I gotta sneak out of here without the
dialog: front desk guy seeing me. You picking
dialog: up that tab?
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: It’s been quite a whirlwind, hasn’t
dialog: it, Mr. Wells?
dialog: Wells has no fucking idea how to even begin to answer that
text: one. As the coworkers leave --
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: Good luck, Mr. Wells
speaker_heading: LEVINE
dialog: We'll be keeping an eye out for you.
text: Jennings starts to leave, then pauses --
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: What are you going to do now, Wells?
text: And as we push in on Wells, we can see deep in his eyes the
dialog: beginnings of a plan...
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - HARRAH’S HOTEL AND CASINO - MORNING
text: Wells looks back at the hotel. He sees two red-tailed hawks
text: perched on a balcony rail. They drop in unison and then rise
text: on a warm draft. Wells watches them rise and rise.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: ONE WHITE ROSES...
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN DE VILLE - DAY
text: Is placed on the passenger seat of his car. Wells smoking.
text: Driving. Flicks ashes at the ashtray, misses by a mile.
dialog: 128.
text: Through the glass, a familiar, neater house appears.
scene_heading: EXT. KAY’S HOUSE - DAY
text: He pulls into the driveway of Kay’s house. The car shuts off.
text: He gathers himself. Picks up the rose. Gets out of the car.
text: Hart Hubbard, pruning a bush, stops snipping.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: Kenny, I’m still worried about that
text: mulberry over the back fence.
text: An old Mulberry tree grows over the shared fence. Wells
dialog: doesn’t need to look.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I know. Good to see you, Hart.
speaker_heading: HART HUBBARD
dialog: Good to see you too, Kenny.
text: He’s at the door. He takes a breath and knocks. After a while
text: he hears footsteps. Then the door opens. Revealing KAY. She
text: looks at the single flower. At Wells.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: Can I come in?
text: Kay considers a beat longer than is comfortable, then steps
text: aside to let him in.
scene_heading: INT. KAY'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Wells sees the pool has been fixed and filled. It sparkles.
text: Wells sitting at the dinette looking at Kay. She looks at him.
text: A golden light shines through new curtains above the sink.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I made curtains.
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: The house looks great. And so do you.
text: Kay puts the flower in a small vase. She puts two coffee cups
text: on the dinette. She looks at him a moment then shakes her
text: head. Wells takes a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT'D)
dialog: I called up Carl.
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You called Carl?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: I think he was surprised to hear from
dialog: me. He’ll see me next week. No
dialog: promises.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Wait, you really called him?
speaker_heading: WELLS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No... Not yet. But I’m going to.
text: She starts to laugh. He starts to laugh. He reaches out his
text: hand to hold hers across the table. They look at each other.
speaker_heading: WELLS (CONT’D)
dialog: Goddamn.
text: And then they laugh at the absurdity of it all, of life, of
text: trying to make sense of any of it.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Oh, some stuff came for you. Some
dialog: mail.
text: She goes and finds a grocery bag of stuff that’s come for him.
text: He dumps it on the table, searching past catalogues and time-
dialog: share opportunities, until he finds what he’s looking for:
speaker_heading: A FOREIGN ENVELOPE
text: Thin and light blue with PAR AVION stamped on it.
text: Wells looks at it. He looks at Kay. Then he takes out a small
text: pocket knife, uses the short blade to slice it open.
text: He extracts... an old napkin.
text: THE NAPKIN.
text: The one he and Acosta signed in the jungle. He unfolds it.
dialog: He reads:
dialog: Prove ‘em all wrong.
dialog: “50-50"
dialog: Whatever it takes...
dialog: 130.
text: Followed by two faded signatures: Kenny Wells & Mike Acosta.
text: He stares at Mike’s signature a long moment, remembering.
speaker_heading: KAY (CONT'D)
dialog: What? What is it?
scene_heading: ALSO IN THE ENVELOPE -- A DEPOSIT SLIP
dialog: $82,000,000
text: In his name, at THE FIRST BANK OF GIBRALTAR, exactly half what
dialog: Acosta sold, fifty percent.
text: He looks up at Kay mysteriously.
text: And he smiles.
dialog: SMASH TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: THE END
scene_heading: FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
scene_heading: BEST ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
dialog: Patrick Massett & John Zinman
speaker_heading: Ww
speaker_heading: TWC
dialog: www.TWCAwards.com
dialog: 
