text: "GOLDENEYE"
dialog: by
dialog: Michael France
dialog: 1-94
speaker_heading: FIRST DRAFT
scene_heading: THE GUNBARREL OPENS ON --
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRENCH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Amongst the mixture of lush vineyards and rolling mountains -- a
text: sleek, streamlined train bullets past at over two hundred
dialog: miles an hour. As soon as we take this in, however, the
text: wheels retract like the landing gear of an airplane -- the
text: train is now virtually flying, bound to the track only by an
text: inch-high magnetic field. As its speed increases, we hear -~
speaker_heading: STATION AGENT (V.0O.)
dialog: Control to Hamilton -- both Paris and
dialog: Bordeaux stations reported secure -- what
dialog: is your status? -- over --
text: INSIDE THE ENGINE CAR OF THE TRAIN
text: A digital speedometer near the ENGINEER confirms the train is
text: moving at two hundred and fifty miles per hour and climbing --
text: next to him is a British agent named HAMILTON speaking into a
text: headset radio. As he speaks, an unctuous SOMMELLIER brings a
text: cart into the engine car -~ and hands him a cup of tea.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
text: All secure at the engine car -~ the only
dialog: danger here is this bloody awful tea.
dialog: Seems that we’ve turned out for a false
dialog: alarm -- over --
dialog: (we can’t hear reply)
dialog: -- no -= he got the glamour end of the
dialog: assignment, as usual.
dialog: With that, we move to --
text: THE REAR OBSERVATION CAR ON THE TRAIN
dialog: which is lavishly furnished -- the people who built this train
dialog: designed it for comfort as well as speed. Windows everywhere
text: show the breathtaking view of the countryside at this speed.
dialog: What’s notable here is, despite the speed, there is zero
dialog: vibration from the travel -- these people might as well be ina
text: room that’s sitting still. A proud, pompous French FINANCIER
text: finishes emptying a bottle of champagne into a pyramid of
text: crystal glasses, to applause from the three dozen elegantly
text: dressed people on board. As waiters pass out glasses --
speaker_heading: FINANCIER
dialog: It does not feel like three hundred miles
dialog: an hour, n/est pas?
speaker_heading: (crowd LAUGHS)
text: Now the wheels have retracted, and the
text: MLV-9 is in flight -- the magnetic
dialog: levitation system will spare us, and our
text: cars, the interminable drive from Paris to
dialog: Bordeaux. We reach Bordeaux in one hour -~
dialog: (checks watch, smiles)
text: -- just in time for the wine auction.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: FINANCIER (cont/d)
speaker_heading: (crowd LAUGHS)
dialog: So, a toast --
dialog: (raises glass)
dialog: To the maiden voyage of the MLV-9 -- to
dialog: you whose backing made it possible -- and
text: to many more swift, smooth rides.
text: The wealthy crowd responds by applauding and raising their
text: glasses, as we MOVE to the fringe of the crowd -- a hand takes a
text: glass of champagne from a tray -- the hand belongs to a man
text: apart from the laughter and gaiety -- the man is --
speaker_heading: JAMES BOND
text: who stands alone by a window, the world whistling past him. But
text: he is not here to celebrate the unveiling of a new train.
text: Carefully, he watches the crowd -- if trouble comes, who will it
dialog: come from? Bond’s eye catches --
scene_heading: BOND’S Pov - THE SOMMELLIER
text: who we saw a moment ago in the engine compartment -- now he’s
text: opened a fresh bottle of champagne for the financier. The
text: sommellier pours the financier a fresh glass first -- even
text: though there are several women nearby with empty glasses --
speaker_heading: BOND'S FACE
text: reveals he has noticed this -- but Bond’s observation is broken
text: by a voice -- the perfect English is lightly honeyed with a
dialog: Russian accent --
speaker_heading: MARINA (0.S.)
dialog: You look concerned about the speed.
text: Bond turns to face --
speaker_heading: MARINA VAROSKAYA
text: And the promise of the voice is fulfilled. The first glance
text: reveals the hard Slavic lines of her face, framed by auburn hair
text: -- and the soft, sloping curves of her body, enveloped in a
text: black hourglass dress.
text: Bond warms to her immediately. This is a woman whose secrets
dialog: he’d like to discover.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: You shouldn’t worry. Every function on
dialog: this train is computer controlled. There
dialog: is no safer way to travel.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (amused)
dialog: I’m glad you’re sure of that.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (not to boast -- just a
dialog: statement of fact)
dialog: Entirely. I worked on the train’s design.
dialog: (doesn’t recgonize him)
dialog: You are one of the investors? Mister -- ?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Bond. James Bond. No, I just appreciate a
dialog: smooth ride --
text: Bond looks away for a moment --
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE SOMMELLIER
text: leaves the front of the car, pulling the bottle cart with him.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: would prefer not to, but he breaks away from Marina --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Excuse me --
text: Bond follows the sommellier into the next car -- meanwhile --
scene_heading: HIGH ABOVE THE TRAIN - A HELICOPTER
text: roars out from behind one of the mountains -- and begins to
text: track over the train -- and -~
text: IN THE FRONT ENGINE ROOM OF THE TRAIN
text: The engineer -- and Hamilton -- lie dead on the floor of the
text: car. Worse, as the speedometer digitally tracks up -~ 301 MPH --
dialog: 304 MPH ~~ 308 MPH -~ a 1 attached to the
text: controls has a timer ticking down -- 04:00 -- 03:59 --
scene_heading: IN THE PASSENGER CAR - THE SOMMELLIER
text: drags his cart through a lavishly designed, but empty, passenger
text: car -- the party is back in the observation car -- as the
text: sommellier moves through the next door, Bond follows to --
scene_heading: THE AUTO FERRY CAR
dialog: which is stacked with the sort of automobiles one would
text: associate with the crowd in the rear car -- BMWs, Mercedes,
text: Jaguars and so on are stacked on two-tiered decks that are on
text: the right and left side of the car, with an aisle in the middle.
text: The sommellier moves ahead -- still pulling the cart -- but a
text: VOICE calls out behind him, saying something in rapid
text: FRENCH -- the sommellier turns to see --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: who is smiling, non-confrontational, standing halfway back in
text: the car. He repeats himself -- but it’s clear the sommellier
dialog: doesn’t understand what Bond said. |
dialog: 4.
text: Blankly, he nods and smiles, as if Bond said something terribly
text: witty -~- and he turns to move on.
text: Bond’s face darkens as he takes a Walther P-88 -- a 9MM,
text: fifteen shot cousin of the PPK -- out of his jacket --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: What I said, monsieur, was that a
dialog: genuine sommellier would have served
dialog: champagne for the ladies first -- not
dialog: for the host --
text: With that, the sommellier KICKS the cart back at Bond, pulling
text: his huge twin-function gun out of it first -- it’s a machine gun
text: on top, a shell-firing shotgun underneath --
text: -- Bond FIRES at the sommellier, but has to duck out of the way
text: of the hurtling cart -- he dives away onto the hood of one of
text: the cars, rolling behind it as the sommellier FIRES a shell
text: straight down the middle -- the door to the passenger section is
text: SHREDDED with the impact of the explosive shell --
text: -- Bond rolls on the hood of a Lamborghini and behind it, moving
text: back between the car and the train’s side, and behind another
text: car -- just in time, too -- a second SHELL pierces and
text: DETONATES the Lamborghini’s gas tank, the flames shooting out
text: where Bond was a second ago and BLASTING out a window --
scene_heading: IN THE REAR OBSERVATION CAR - THE CROWD
text: is panicking -- at the sound of the shots and EXPLOSIONS, and
text: the resulting shaking of the observation car, champagne flies
text: and the crowd SCREAMS, diving for cover --
text: -- except for Marina -- instead of diving down, she runs into
text: the next passenger car, toward the turmoil --
scene_heading: IN THE AUTO FERRY CAR - BOND
text: crouches behind the lower row of cars ~~ he can’t go forward,
text: because two cars are blazing -- the sommellier FIRES an
text: explosive shell, and Bond dives back again as a Ferrari
text: EXPLODES in a $400,000 fireball right behind him --
text: -- now Bond is cornered between the rear of the compartment, and
dialog: the last car on this row -- if the sommellier blows this car,
dialog: Bond goes with it --
scene_heading: IN THE PASSENGER CAR - MARINA
text: is thrown off her feet by the blast -- she’s scared, but she
text: moves with determination to the front, where this car joins with
text: the ferry car -- there she opens a panel that contains an
dialog: ‘° with the train’s emergency safety
text: features. She keys in an "emergency stop" -- but the system
text: won't -- she frantically keys something else -- meanwhile --
scene_heading: IN THE AUTO FERRY CAR - THE SOMMELLIER
text: knows he has Bond pinned -- he FIRES the machine gun at the .
text: car that’s between him and Bond -- the car’s front and rear
text: catch fire -- when the flames join, the car will explode --
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
text: who opts to leave -- he knocks out the glass of the train window
text: with the Walther and climbs out --
scene_heading: ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE TRAIN - BOND REACHES
text: for the upper part of the window and pulls himself out, the
text: DEAFENING wind tearing at him as he does -- at three hundred
dialog: miles an hour, this is like hanging onto the outside of a
text: jet -- Bond grips the quarter inch of trim and swings to the
text: rear of the car an instant before -- .
text: -- the explosion of the nearest car blasts past Bond --
text: IN THE AUTO FERRY CAR ~ THE FLAMING CAR
text: spreads the fire to the upper deck’s line of cars --
text: -- the sommellier, knocked by the concussion, loses his gun --
text: recovering, he runs to the front of the train -- just as --
scene_heading: IN THE PASSENGER CAR - MARINA
text: terrified at the sound of the nearby BLAST, desperately keys
dialog: something else into this terminal -- and this one works --
text: THE PASSENGER CAR’S COUPLING LATCHES
text: from the rest of the hurtling train -- the steel
text: wheels drop down, grinding and SPARKING, and the disconnected
text: cars safely slow down -- the passengers now are safe --
scene_heading: ON THE END OF THE TRAIN - BOND
text: fights the wind that threatens to peel him off the train’s side,
text: but he allows himself a split second to look back at Marina,
dialog: intrigued -- who is this brave, beautiful woman who’s falling
dialog: behind him? --
scene_heading: AT THE DOOR OF THE SLOWING PASSENGER CAR - MARINA
text: stares at Bond too -- but she’s far more doubtful of this cold
text: bastard hanging on the side of a burning train --
text: ON TOP OF THE TRAIN ~ BOND CLIMBS UP
text: -- and crouching low, starts to run up toward the front of the
text: train -- but as he does, another of the autos, this one on the
text: upper deck, EXPLODES, TEARING through the roof --
dialog: 6.
text: -- the force of it throws Bond ahead -- he lands badly,
text: SKIDDING half off the train -- Bond desperately grips the smooth
text: siding of the train -- the design looks sleek, but just try .
dialog: getting a handhold on it --
dialog: 
scene_heading: LONG VIEW OF TRAIN
text: As it heads into a tunnel carved into the mountains, the rear
text: end on fire and pouring smoke -- the helicopter moves down to
dialog: track closer with the train --
scene_heading: INSIDE HELICOPTER - COCKPIT POV
text: as it stays behind the train, matching its speed and following
text: it into the tunnel -- the PILOT is busy with the controls,
text: as a GUNNER readies a winch to pick up the faux sommellier --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
text: as he stabilizes and pulls himself firmly onto the roof -- he
text: stands and pulls out the Walther -- but a chain lashes at his
text: hand, knocking the gun away -- he spins to face --
text: -- the sommellier, who is wearing a harness so the helicopter
text: can pick him up -- and wielding a heavy length of chain --
text: he swings it at Bond again --
scene_heading: INSIDE HELICOPTER - COCKPIT POV
text: There’s sufficient room in this tunnel for the copter to hover
text: over the train -- the co-pilot takes out a machine gun and
text: prepares to shoot Bond -- but the sommellier blocks a clear
dialog: shot --
scene_heading: ON TOP OF TRAIN - BOND AND SOMMELLIER
text: The sommellier slashes at Bond with the chain again and again,
text: forcing Bond toward the front of the train -- now they’re on the
text: engine car, and there’s nowhere left for Bond to duck back to --
scene_heading: IN THE AUTO FERRY CAR
text: Another car catches fire and the gas tank EXPLODES --
scene_heading: ON TOP OF THE ENGINE CAR - BOND AND SOMMELLIER
text: The force of it shakes the train enough that the sommellier’s
text: footing is uncertain -- Bond takes the split second to lunge
dialog: f£all_and_roll
dialog: forward -- and both Bond and the sommellier
dialog: ‘oO: do’ n --
scene_heading: FRONT VIEW - OF N_AS BOND
text: Bond stops himself, grabbing a crevice under the train’s
text: windshield -- only his fingertips are holding him -- the
text: sommellier gets a better grip on the car’s trim over Bond -- he
text: prepares to knock Bond off with the chain --
dialog: -~- but Bo bs _t! ine er f the ellier’s ves
dialog: a SH) chi i d-sw kno the loose
dialog: of the chain under the train --
dialog: -- e chain whips rt ain and catches, dra th
dialog: 80) ier down he rst ernea the train --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: hangs on, wincing as the sommellier’s SCREAM is cut short and
text: segues to the sickening SOUND of a body being LIQUIFIED through
dialog: the inch high gap between train and track --
text: FRONT VIEW OF BOND ON HURTLING TRAIN
text: Bond reaches up for a two-handed grip on the crevice, and
text: kicks at the train’s huge windshield -- the force of each kick
dialog: threatening to knock him off the train -- we can see, but Bond
dialog: can’t, that --
text: ICOPTER IS IVING OVER E TOP OF THE IN
dialog: and epi war XO) --
text: -- Bond kicks the windshield again -- finally, it SHATTERS and
text: Bond climbs in -- just in time to get out of the path of --
text: -- the helicopter -- its skids mow inches from where Bond
text: was as he dives into the engine car, tumbling behind the
dialog: controls --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ENGINE CAR - BOND
text: lands amidst the bodies of Hamilton and the engineer -- and he
text: sees the timer on the bomb ticking -- 00:40 -- 00:39 --
text: -- Bond reaches for the bomb to defuse it -- but the engine
text: compartment is riddled with machine gun fire --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: is flying ahead of the train ~~ the gunner is FIRING back into
dialog: the engine compartment -~
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ENGINE CAR ~ BOND
dialog: has to choose between death now, and thirty seconds from now --
text: he gets into a crouch and runs back into --
speaker_heading: THE ADJACENT CAR
text: -- as the FUSILLADE still chases him back, bullets penetrating
text: everywhere through the thin walls of the car --
scene_heading: IN THE HELICOPTER ~ THE PILOT AND CO-PILOT
text: seem pleased -- the helicopter pulls up far enough ahead of the
text: train to be beyond the bomb’s effects when it goes off --
text: CLOSE ON TIMER OF BOMB
scene_heading: —- 00327 -- 00:26 --
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
text: whose face betrays his hopelessness -- but he’s hit by a sudden
text: inspiration -- with new determination he runs back to -~
scene_heading: THE AUTO FERRY CAR
text: -- the roof is shredded by the explosions, the interior is
text: shrouded in black smoke. But the left half of the deck is
text: untouched by fire -- Bond looks to the upper row of cars --
scene_heading: IN THE HELICOPTER - THE PILOT AND CO-PILOT
text: seem to merely be waiting for the explosion --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOND’S HAND :
text: which is turning an ignition key ~- the steering wheel bears
dialog: the silver winged Aston Martin insignia --
scene_heading: IN THE HELICOPTER - THE CO-PILOT
text: looks back -- his eyes widen and his jaw drops --
scene_heading: FRONT VIEW OF TRAIN’S ROOF - BOND/S ASTON MARTIN DB7
dialog: 
text: drives out of a tear in the roof that acts as a ramp, on top
text: of the train’s roof, RACING toward the nose of the train --
dialog: 
scene_heading: IN THE HELICOPTER - THE CO-PILOT
text: comes to his senses and aims the machine gun, firing back at
dialog: the car -- but --
text: BOND DRIVES THE CAR DOWN THE NOSE OF THE TRAIN
text: and onto the track, driving under the line of strafing
text: fire and accelerating enough to stay ahead of the train -- he
text: speeds up and drives underneath the copter -~ the car’s roof
text: CLANGS against the copter’s skids, knocking the copter up and
dialog: gout of control --
text: -- the helicopter SLAMS back, collid with ain
text: ing -- the copter doesn’t explode, it just tangles with
text: the train’s torn engine compartment, the skids and blade
text: DRAGGING against the track tn a geyser of SPARKS that slow
text: the train slightly -- just enough to give a ten foot margin to
speaker_heading: BOND
text: who floors the accelerator to get out of the tunnel before the
text: bomb goes off or the train runs him over or both --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER - THE CO-PILOT
text: is now upside-down, hanging from his seatbelt, wishing he didn’t
dialog: have a window seat view of --
text: THE TIMER OF THE BOMB
dialog: -- 00:02 -~ 00:01 -- and
scene_heading: THE TRAIN AND THE HELICOPTER DETONATE
text: simultaneously -- the force of it creating a surging FIREBALL
dialog: that just licks the exhaust of --
scene_heading: BOND’S ASTON MARTIN BURSTING OUT OF THE TUNNEL’S END
text: -- the flames right behind him -- and flaming debris shooting
text: out all around the car --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ASTON MARTIN ~ BOND’S HANDS
text: are flying on the steering wheel and the gearshift, trying to
text: slow down and not lose control on the track -- as --
scene_heading: ON A NEARBY COUNTRY ROAD - A_GORGEOQUS FRENCH WOMAN
text: named AIMEE is oblivious to the mayhem a few hundred yards
text: away -- she’s too upset by the fact that her Peugot has chosen
text: this deserted, albeit lovely, spot to overheat -- meanwhile --
scene_heading: IN THE ASTON MARTIN - BOND
text: barely maintains control as the car careens off the track and
text: onto a dirt road, skidding in a cloud of dust toward ---
scene_heading: THE COUNTRY ROAD - AIMEE
text: can’t believe her eyes as the Aston Martin finally BRAKES to a
text: halt alongside her car -- she can’t believe her luck when Bond
text: gets out, looking more like he’s stepped off a GQ cover than
text: out of an exploding train. In short -- she’s interested.
speaker_heading: AIMEE
dialog: Thank you so much for stopping --
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: Are you going to Bordeaux?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Not today, apparently -—
speaker_heading: AIMEE
dialog: (hopes dashed)
dialog: Merde -- I shall never make it to the
dialog: wine auction in time --
dialog: (points to bottle in car)
dialog: That’s a Petrous ‘61 -- it’s worth at
dialog: least ten thousand francs -~ now what am
dialog: I to do with it?
dialog: Bond considers her problem --
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: My plans have gone off the rails too --
dialog: (in French)
dialog: -- wouldn’t it be a shame to waste both
dialog: that bottle and this afternoon?
text: Bond draws the sommellier’s spike out of his pocket. Aimee
text: considers it just long enough to smile an answer --
speaker_heading: AIMEE
dialog: Qui.
speaker_heading: MAIN TITLES
scene_heading: EXT. SEVERNAYA - RUSSIAN SECTION OF ARCTIC CIRCLE - DAY
text: It’s the end of a very long night in this part of the Arctic --
text: the first dawn in six months is just starting to break. Situated
text: in the middle of the endless white ice is a deceptively small
text: installation -- and a notably large dish antenna, both painted
text: white for camoflage. The only thing breaking the silence is the
dialog: distant WHOPPING of --
text: A PAIR OF TRANSPORT SIZE HELICOPTERS
text: that even at first glance appear to be of an unusual design. The
text: cockpit is more enclosed, like a tank’s, and the metal finish
text: makes it appear that the body is an unusual compound as well.
text: The PILOT mikes his radio --
text: (NOTE: BOLD sentences in dialogue indicate subtitled Russian.)
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Atomic Energy Control calling Severnaya
dialog: Station -- come in, Severnaya Station --
dialog: urgent -~
scene_heading: INT. SEVERNAYA STATION - AT A RADIO CONSOLE
text: sits a bored young COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER who answers the call.
text: As he speaks, we note that the inside of the station is larger
text: than it appears outside -- it’s sunk into the ice, housing the
text: array of electronic consoles that control radar monitoring
text: equipment -~ and four Soviet ICBMs housed nearby. Near those
text: consoles, against a wall, we see a tightly sealed vault door. We
dialog: note too that there is a sketeton crew for such an important
text: installation -- perhaps a dozen young men.
speaker_heading: COM OFFICER
dialog: Severnaya Station to AEI Control -- what
dialog: is “urgent"? -- over --
speaker_heading: PILOT (0.S.)
dialog: Aerial scan of area indicates radiation
dialog: kage from silo.two -- immediate evac
dialog: ary -- over --
dialog: 
dialog: 11.
text: The com officer casts a look around at the crew and the
dialog: equipment. No red lights. No klaxons. No leak.
speaker_heading: COM OFFICER
dialog: Our instruments show no such leak, AEI --
dialog: you are mistaken -- over --
text: As he responds we find our way to --
scene_heading: A YOUNG RUSSIAN TECHNICIAN
text: named VICTOR, who stands suddenly, fearfully, from his
dialog: monitoring station --
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Housing breakdown in silo two!
scene_heading: WIDER ON THE ROOM
text: as a status display screen for the silos flashes RED on the
text: graphic for silo two -- and a KLAXON starts clanging. The other
dialog: officers inside decide "Severnaya" is a new way to spell
text: "Chernobyl" -- they start running up a metal staircase toward
dialog: the building’s exit --
speaker_heading: ON HELIOPTERS
text: as they draw nearer to the installation, flying low over the
dialog: endless field of ice --
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Evacuate station, Severnaya -~ transport
dialog: is on the way --
scene_heading: IN THE BASE - THE RUSSIAN OFFICERS
text: frantically get the hell out, some grabbing codebooks, others
text: just tearing up the stairs -- but the com officer stands,
text: puzzled -- something’s wrong. This is confirmed as he looks at
text: Victor -- who is notably not rushing out of the building. The
text: com officer moves over to Victor and confronts him angrily in
text: Russian, shoving him away from his console --
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BASE - THE RUSSIAN OFFICERS
text: run out of the building’s twin exits as if it were on fire,
text: YELLING in Russian and waving at the helicopters -- which are
text: now practically upon the building and dip lower.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COPTER - COCKPIT POV OF THE RUSSIANS
text: We can’t see the faces of the men inside -- the pilot reaches
text: for a button -- but a gloved hand signals for him to stop --
speaker_heading: , TREVELYAN (0.8.)
dialog: Not yet.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Allow them a final look at the dawn.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BASE - THE COM OFFICER
text: hits the keyboard at Victor’s station -- and his suspicion is
text: confirmed -- the radiation light goes out and the klaxon stops.
text: The "leak" is a fake. Victor gets up to attack the com
text: officer -- but he pulis his sidearm and shoots Victor twice --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COPTER - COCKPIT POV OF THE RUSSIANS
text: The helicopter is almost upon them -- and inside the cockpit,
text: the gloved hand waves -- "now" -~
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BASE - THE HELICOPTERS
text: e@ on the men with front mounted machine guns,
text: cutting them down on the ice. Some of them run -- but there’s
text: nowhere they can run to -- as the helicopters circle around
text: the building, the Russian officers are cut to ribbons.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BASE - THE COM OFFICER
text: can hear the GUNFIRE above -- he rushes to the nuclear missile
text: controls, punches in a code, and throws destruct levers on the
text: consoles, one by one -- the controls for silo one EXPLODE in a
text: shower of SPARKS -- he throws another lever EXPLODING the
dialog: controls for silo two --
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BASE - THE HELICOPTERS
text: land amid the bodies, their last breaths STEAMING out in the
text: subzero air.
text: As the copters touch down, the last Russian officer alive --
text: wounded, cursing -- pulls his sidearm and rushes one copter from
text: the side, FIRING in a futile last gesture -- but he is cut down
text: by a single SHOT to the heart from
scene_heading: AUGUSTUS TREVELYAN
text: who exits the helicopter, his automatic smoking, unaffected by
text: all this death. He is in his 60s -- unmistakably British -- yet
text: just as unmistakably at home in Russia. If his face registers
dialog: any emotion now, it’s probably only an appreciation for the
text: arctic dawn.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BASE - THE COM OFFICER
text: triggers the BLASTS on the third, then the fourth silo
text: control ~~ and runs to the communications console, reaching for
text: a red button on the panel -- the lettering is in Cyrillic but
text: it’s clearly the "S.0.S." button. The com officer flips up the
text: plastic protector -- and pushes the button just as a BURST of
text: MACHINE GUN FIRE rattles out -- hitting the com officer in the
text: chest and finishing him.
scene_heading: ATOP THE STAIRCASE - SAVATIER
text: a mute, remorseless killer with a notably scarred throat,
text: lowers his machine gun. Behind him, Trevelyan walks down the
text: metal stairs, surveying it all.
dialog: 13.
text: He is followed down by ALEXEI MAKVENIO -- a scientist who is
text: clearly rattled -- and a half dozen armed men. Trevelyan moves
text: down to Victor’s body -- and removes a magnetic code key from
text: his pocket. Alexei, worried, looks at the com officer’s console.
speaker_heading: ALEXEI
dialog: He’s sent out an alert to. the Russian
dialog: military -- the air force will have jets
dialog: here in minutes --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Twelve.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Nevsky is the nearest aircraft
text: carrier in the Siberian Sea. At top speed
dialog: their Migs will arrive in twelve minutes.
text: Trevelyan walks to the vault door -- and inserts the key.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Which should be just about on time --
dialog: correct, Alexei?
text: The vault door opens, revealing
scene_heading: THE “TEMPEST" CONTROL CENTER - A SMALL ROOM
text: filled with electronics -- notably, three monitors, and a
text: cryptography computer about the size of a laptop housed in the
text: control center. Trevelyan turns to Alexei.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Now -~ let’s see if your brainchild works.
text: Alexei runs to the system and turns it on, hurriedly,
dialog: efficiently punching in the codes -- and --
scene_heading: IN OUTER SPACE - TEMPEST ONE
text: A satelite that’s been dummied up to look -- and broadcast --
text: like a simple communications satelite -- gets its wakeup call.
text: On receiving the go code, the satelite blows off its panels --
text: stops its broadcasts -- and the core machinery that emerges
text: a group of panels into a conical shape.
scene_heading: AT THE TEMPEST COMPUTER - THE DISPLAY SCREEN
text: fills with two lines: the location of the satelite, in latitude
text: and longitude, and a blank entry for the primary target.
speaker_heading: ALEXEI
dialog: (relieved, excited)
dialog: It’s responding --
speaker_heading: . TREVELYAN
dialog: Then enter the target for today.
text: Alexei looks afraid -- but this is not open to debate --
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Nine minutes, Alexei.
text: Alexei punches in codes -- and a new targeting parameter of ~
dialog: longitude and latitude under the location --
scene_heading: IN OUTER SPACE - THE TEMPEST ONE
text: fires compressed gas jets -- and it purposefully steers toward
dialog: its destination --
scene_heading: IN THE CONTROL ROOM - THE TEMPEST LAPTOP SCREEN
dialog: shows this display:
scene_heading: LOCATION: 80.31.160.17
scene_heading: PRIMARY TARGET: 78.08.107.58
text: But the location of the satelite is changing -- and the
text: display tracks with it, as the numbers start to match that of
dialog: the target.
scene_heading: EXT. SIBERIAN SEA - AIRCRAFT CARRIER NEVSKY
text: As predicted by Trevelyan, a quartet of Migs have been scrambled
text: -- the last of the four SCREAMS in takeoff from the deck and
text: joins the formation to jet toward Severnaya --
scene_heading: INT. SEVERNAYA STATION - TEMPEST CONTROL ROOM
text: Alexei quickly -- but carefully -- unfastens the switches that
text: hold the Tempest laptop in the docking station. As he removes
text: it, its display still works on battery power:
scene_heading: LOCATION: 79.12.124.62
scene_heading: PRIMARY TARGET: 78.08.107.15
text: ~-- and the location number turns over at an amazing pace --
scene_heading: IN OUTER SPACE - THE TEMPEST ONE
text: silently streaks with missile like speed toward the target --
scene_heading: OVER THE ARCTIC ICE - THE SOVIET MIGS
text: BLAST over the Arctic -- and send out a threateningly toned
dialog: radio call in Russian --
scene_heading: AT THE BASE - THE HELICOPTERS
text: are boarded by Trevelyan, Savatier and Alexei -- the insistent
text: call from the Migs is repeated -- and unanswered. Alexei glances
text: between the radio, and the Tempest computer.
text: As the helicopters take off, Alexei’s eyes are fixed on
dialog: 15.
text: THE TEMPEST TRACKING SCREEN
text: -~ the numbers are locking into place like a slot machine about
dialog: to hit one hell of a jackpot --
scene_heading: LOCATION: 78.08.114.39
scene_heading: PRIMARY TARGET: 78.08.107.15
scene_heading: PILOT POV - THE SOVIET MIGS
text: TEAR the sky at top speed -- the base, and the helicopters, are
text: distant dots on the horizon -- the lead airman abandons the
text: radio -- and activates the heads-up display of the missile
dialog: firing system --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER - COCKPIT POV
text: shows the jets are approaching fast. Alexei is still unnerved.
text: Trevelyan is unnervingly calm.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (to pilot)
dialog: Activate shielding.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HELICOPTERS - THE COCKPITS
text: and every other exposed part of the copters are covered with a
text: mechanically lowered louvred shielding -- of the same finish
text: as the rest of the helicopter. The odd design is starting to
dialog: make sense -- we go --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER
text: which is now sealed off -- the pilot is flying on instruments
text: alone -- Trevelyan turns to a shaken Alexei, who’s sweating as
dialog: if he were in the Sahara rather than the Arctic.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: In the moments before the first atomic
text: explosion, Oppenheimer was afraid too.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He was afraid he’d set the atmosphere of
text: the entire world on fire.
dialog: (amused)
dialog: What are you afraid of at this moment,
dialog: Alexei?
dialog: Alexei is focused down on --
scene_heading: THE SCREEN - THE NUMBERS
text: are practically locked into place -- only seconds remain --
scene_heading: LOCATION: 78.08.107.93
scene_heading: PRIMARY TARGET: 78.08.107.15
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT OF ARCTIC SKY - THE MIGS AND THE HELICOPTERS
text: are clearly on a collision course
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE LEAD SOVIET MIG - PILOT POV
text: The pilot locks his missile targeting system on the
dialog: helicopters and is about to fire --
scene_heading: TIGHT ON TEMPEST COMPUTER SCREEN
dialog: 
text: as the final numbers lock into place -- "location" and
dialog: "primary target" now have the same numbers --
scene_heading: IN OUTER SPACE - THE TEMPEST ONE SATELITE
text: stabilizes its position -- points the cone of the shape charge
text: down to Earth -- and EXPLODES, in a blindingly bright, yet
dialog: totally silent, blast --
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT OVER THE ARCTIC - THE DETONATION
text: is anything but silent closer to Earth -- and it almost looks
text: as if the sky has been set ablaze ~- it’s lit up with the
text: sheer force of it, which looks, sounds and feels like a
dialog: thousand bolts of lightning --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE SOVIET MIGS
text: which are struck by the effects of the blast -- their jets stop
dialog: WHIRRING -- they stop, period --
speaker_heading: INSIDE ONE MIG
text: as the pilot pushes the missile firing button -- all of his
text: electronics short out and totally fail ~~ the heads-up
text: system blanks, the controls won’t respond -- at the same time ~~
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE HELICOPTERS
dialog: The effects of the blast that have crippled the Migs have zero
text: on the helicopters -- a blue flash SIZZLES harmlessly
text: around the helicopter’s shielding --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTERS
dialog: -- but that’s it -- the electronics inside these aircraft are
dialog: working just fine -- but elsewhere --
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE SEVERNAYA STATION - THE RADAR ANTENNA
text: is destroyed as the detonation shorts out the electronic
text: equipment, starting electrical fires that engulf the dish --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SEVERNAYA STATION
dialog: The effects of the blast are totally felt here -- computers
dialog: spark and EXPLODE -- notably empes:
text: room -~ within seconds the base is filled with fire --
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: WIDER SHOT ON THE ARCTIC - THE MIGS AND THE HELICOPTERS
text: The Migs, with no operational systems at all, drop out of the
text: sky as randomly and soundlessly as toy gliders -- and EXPLODE
text: into. fireballs, one after another, cartwheeling on the ice --
text: -- as Trevelyan’s helicopters peacefully fly over the wreckage.
dialog: The louvre shielding retracts --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER - TREVELYAN
text: looks out the window at the burning Migs -- and back at the
text: fireball of the Severnaya base -- as he takes the Tempest
text: computer from Alexei and puts it in a padded case. Alexei’s face
text: is a blend of wonder and horror at what he’s created --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Congratulations, Alexei.
dialog: (contented smile)
dialog: Now let’s set the world on fire.
text: WIDE SHOT ON THE ARCTIC
text: as the helicopters fly into the new dawn, leaving the wreckage
text: and fire of the Tempest behind then.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHALET ~- PARIS - MORNING
text: In a well kept Paris chalet, PETER (35), a fit, handsome Russian
text: man, is in the open kitchen making two capuccinos. We notice
text: here that the chalet is crowded with elaborate computers and
text: electronics -- apparently Peter’s field. It’s also clearly the
text: morning after a very successful night before. Billie Holliday is
text: on the stereo, and the shower can be heard running in the
dialog: background -- but the real tipoff that Peter just had a night of
text: spectacular sex is the silly grin frozen on his face.
speaker_heading: XENIA (0.S.)
dialog: (from shower, beckoning)
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yes, Xenia --
speaker_heading: : XENIA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I need you to wash my back, please --
text: Peter, giddy, brings a tray with the cappucinos into the
text: bathroom, and rests them on the sink as he takes off his
text: bathrobe and gets into the shower. Inside the shower --
speaker_heading: XENIA
text: waits, laughing, wet. She is breathtaking, with the kind of
dialog: beauty every man wants -- the kind every man fears. And she
text: seems to want Peter as much as he wants her.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (smug) :
dialog: Is that all you need, darling?
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Perhaps you can wash my front as well --
text: TIGHT ON THEIR FACES
text: Peter kisses Xenia and starts to do exactly that for a moment --
text: but Xenia breaks off the kiss suddenly, teasingly --
speaker_heading: . XENIA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Peter -- you do love me?
text: He nods and tries to get back to business -- but --
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: (teasing but insistent)
dialog: Then say it, please --
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (so happy he means it)
dialog: Xenia -- I love you --
text: Peter’s mouth freezes on that final syllable -- totally. His
text: eyes go glassy --
scene_heading: TIGHT ON XENIA’S FACE
text: whose "lovestruck" smile has turned into something viciously
text: different. Concentration. Exertion. Contempt.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - XENIA’S HANDS
text: are pressing firmly against a pressure point above Peter’s
text: heart -- and she’s holding him tightly against the shower
text: wall. Inside this lovely body is deceptive, deadly strength.
text: ON PETER’S FACE .
text: which is totally white -- stunned, surprised, and in agony.
text: Xenia is using the pressure point to induce a heart attack.
text: Finally, the Sop done, Xenia drops him -- and as he gasps his
text: last breath on the shower floor, he looks up, betrayed --
speaker_heading: XENIA
text: exits the shower, looking down at him, remorseless.
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: But you did not love me well enough --
dialog: "darling".
text: With that, Xenia shuts the door -- and we --
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES - NEAR BURBANK - NIGHT
text: In a pouring rain, just after rush hour traffic, a gold Mercedes
text: 560SL turns off Cahuenga and onto Mullholland to start the
text: serpentine upward. As her car turns left --
text: -- a four wheel drive Ford Bronco starts its engine and
text: smoothly pulls in behind her.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MERCEDES - A RUSSIAN WOMAN
text: in her fifties names SASHA drives a little uncertainly on the
text: dark, slick road -- she takes'a pair of eyeglasses off of the
text: “PACIFITECH" binders on the seat next to her -- as she puts them
text: on, we see before she does that the HEADLIGHTS of the Bronco
text: behind her are coming up way too close, way too fast --
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE MERCEDES - THE BRONCO
text: slams into the back of the Mercedes with a frightening CRUNCH,
text: fishtailing the rear end near the edge of a curve --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MERCEDES - SASHA
text: is terrified and thrown forward by the impact -- she accelerates
text: and tries to get ahead -- but the road is too winding and too
dialog: wet for her to really get moving --
text: ~- the car is slammed again -- Sasha SCREAMS this time and
text: tries to regain control -- but she hasn’t got a chance --
speaker_heading: ON THE ROAD
text: -- The Bronco hangs back and gets enough room to accelerate
text: and ram the Mercedes a third deadly time -- with the IMPACT of
text: this blow, the Mercedes sails off the edge of Mulholland at
dialog: the edge of Overlook Park --
text: -- as it does, the Bronco goes forward as if nothing happened --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BRONCO - SAVATIER
text: is the driver -- and he doesn’t even bother to look back at the
text: SOUND of the explosion, or the way the night is briefly lit up
text: by the FIREBALL. He just keeps driving.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON ~- A POSH RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Waiting at the steps of an expensive restaurant are a
text: well-dressed Russian couple in their 60s, ANATOLY, and his wife
text: LARISA, a little giddy from the wine they had with dinner. They
text: seem to be an older couple that’s still very much in love. A
text: VALET brings up their Jaguar sedan -- and after stepping out of
text: the driver’s seat, the valet moves to open the door for Larisa.
text: With a flourish, Anatoly moves in to open the door instead --
text: and Larisa gets in.
dialog: 20.
text: As Anatoly walks behind the car to get in the driver’s seat, a
text: odd look flashes interrupts his mildly drunken grin for a moment
text: -- but just for a split second -- as --
scene_heading: ON THE PASSENGER SIDE - THE VALET’S GLOVED HAND
text: smoothly, surreptitiously, slides under the door handle Anatoly
dialog: just touched -~ and removes something --
speaker_heading: THE JAGUAR
text: roars off -- leaving the Valet behind, very, very carefully
text: putting the small item in his coat pocket.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE JAGUAR - ANATOLY
text: is starting to look a little grey as he drives into the city
text: traffic -- Larisa notices this, a little alarmed --
speaker_heading: LARISA
dialog: Anatoly -- do you want for me to drive?
text: Anatoly shakes his head no -- and tries to clear his head -- but
text: he hyperventilates and loses control of the car --
speaker_heading: THE JAGUAR
text: is now just idling, but totally directionless -- at five miles
text: an hour it pulls onto the sidewalk, knocking over garbage,
dialog: scattering the Londoners walking there --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CAR - LARISA AND ANATOLY
text: Larisa, frantic, tries to grab the steering wheel -- Anatoly,
text: sweating and beginning seizures -- with his last clear thought,
text: presses his middle fingertip with his thumb --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON FINGERTIP - A SMALL PINPRICK OF BLOOD
dialog: can be seen -~
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
text: knows he’s finished now -- the last thing he says seems an
dialog: inarticulate croak --
speaker_heading: ANATOLY
dialog: -- kaggabe --
text: Anatoly collapses into Larisa’s lap as --
speaker_heading: THE JAGUAR
text: finally stops with a gentle CRASH against a lamppost, the engine
text: still purring as passerby run up to the car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON ~ UNIVERSAL EXPORTS ADDRESS PLATE - DAY
text: Big Ben CHIMES out nine as London traffic takes us into --
scene_heading: BOND’S OFFICE - CLOSE ON BOND’S FACE
text: as he smiles slightly -- he’s looking at --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: The rudest waiter I’ve ever met. Even by
dialog: French standards.
scene_heading: A COMPUTER SCREEN
text: shows a high-quality digital photo of the "sommellier" from the
text: train -- a text window appears in the corner identifying him,
text: but a woman’s voice reads it out for us --
speaker_heading: PONSONBY (0.S.)
dialog: Emil Griffini -- formerly with the Red
dialog: Brigade as an explosives expert. He’s
dialog: listed here. as inactive, James.
scene_heading: ON BOND AND PONSONBY
text: Bond stands at his desk and eyes the screen intently. Working
text: the computer keyboard, and wishing Bond were as interested in
text: her as in his work, is Bond’s secretary, LOELIA PONSONBY (20s).
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: He was certainly active on that train --
dialog: pull up his known associates, Loelia.
text: Several keystrokes later, the face of a hawk-nosed man appears
text: on screen -- but an intercom on Bond’s desk comes to life --
speaker_heading: M (0.S.)
dialog: Miss Ponsonby --
speaker_heading: PONSONBY
dialog: Yes, sir --
speaker_heading: M (0.S.)
dialog: Find 007 -- and tell him he’s required in
dialog: the conference room -- at once --
text: The intercom clicks off -- and Bond starts for the door --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Make hard copies of those, Loelia. And --
dialog: (a bit too disinterested)
dialog: -- contact the consortium that built the
dialog: train. I want to find out --
speaker_heading: PONSONBY
dialog: -- who that woman in your report was?
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Is that to be an official inquiry,
dialog: James?
dialog: '
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (returns the smile)
dialog: Unofficial, Loelia -- we’d started a
dialog: promising conversation -- and I’d like the
dialog: chance to finish it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG, RUSSIA - CITY STREET - DAY
text: This street, near one of the many rivers that crisscross the
text: city, is primarily made up of apartment buildings.
text: At the curb in front of one of them, a cab pulls up -- Marina,
text: just back from France, pays the driver and takes her two
text: shoulder bags out, heading into the building. As she does --
text: A REPAIR VAN ACROSS THE STREET
text: opens its door -- a "repairman", in cap and overalls, takes his
text: toolbox out of the cab and starts across the street --
scene_heading: INT. MARINA’S BUILDING - LOBBY
text: The inside of the building looks run down -- the long hallway
text: from the door to the elevator is dark and dingy. Marina,
text: frustrated, stabs at the elevator button -- it’s not working.
text: Resigned to the climb, she takes her bags and starts for the
text: stairs -- but turns at the sound of the door CLANGING open -—
scene_heading: MARINA’S POV - THE "REPAIRMAN" IS SILHOETTED
text: against the light of the doorway -- he is clearly taking a long
text: barrelled pistol out of his toolbox --
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: is surprised -- and frightened -- she runs for the stairs and
text: covers the first flight in seconds, even with her bags --
speaker_heading: THE "REPAIRMAN"
text: doesn’t even pick up his pace -- he just keeps walking through
text: the hall, gun in one hand, toolbox in the other --
speaker_heading: MARINA — RUNNING
text: up the stairs -- she finds the common sense to drop her bags on
text: the second floor as she runs up toward the third --
speaker_heading: THE "REPAIRMAN"
text: is still just walking slowly through the hallway --
scene_heading: ON THE THIRD FLOOR - MARINA
text: is running and trying to get out her keys -- and to get the
dialog: right one -- she looks down -~
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: MARINA’S POV - THE "REPAIRMAN"
text: has just reached the lobby, by the elevator --
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: finally gets the key, gets to her door, and opens it --
text: -- once inside, she slams the door shut, double locks it, and
text: leans against it, gasping for breath --
scene_heading: IN THE LOBBY - THE "REPAIRMAN"
text: smiles. Puts the gun back in the toolbox. Takes out a
text: screwdriver. And adjusts the elevator call _ box.
scene_heading: IN THE APARTMENT - MARINA
text: is still panicked and breathing fast -- she coughs. And coughs
text: again, harshly. Something smells wrong -- she looks at -~-
text: CLOSE ON A GAS PIPE IN THE KITCHEN
text: which is punctured and HISSING -- we also see that
text: IN THE HALLWAY OF THE THIRD FLOOR - ANOTHER PIPE
dialog: is loose, HISSING out natural gas --
scene_heading: IN THE LOBBY - THE "REPAIRMAN"
text: finishes his adjustment. Reaches in the elevator car. And
text: punches "3" before walking back through the hallway -- the
text: ancient elevator WHIRRS upward --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TOP OF ELEVATOR - A CONTACT CHARGE
text: is on the roof of the elevator car -- when it gets to a certain
text: point, it will detonate and set off the gas --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE APARTMENT ~ MARINA
text: is really panicked now -- she can’t go out the door -- but knows
text: she has to do something, fast -- she crosses to a window, grabs
text: a chair and SMASHES the glass -~ as --
speaker_heading: THE ELEVATOR
text: reaches the second floor -- and WHIRRS upward --
scene_heading: IN THE APARTMENT - MARINA
text: has knocked away the glass -- but there are iron bars in the
dialog: window -- ordinarily these would be for her protection, but now
dialog: t
dialog: that’s not the way 's working out -~ she struggles with a
dialog: rusty, jammed release latch -~ meanwhile -~
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: ANGLE DOWN ELEVATOR SHAFT - THE ELEVATOR
text: is coming up fast -- and from this angle we can see the contact
text: detonator is right at the top of the third floor --
scene_heading: AT THE WINDOW - MARINA
text: desperately bangs the latch -- it releases at last and the iron
text: bars CLANG down to fall sixty feet to the alley below --
text: -~ Marina looks at the iron bars fall all the way down -- and at
text: the roof of the building across the alley, which is twenty feet
text: below -- and ten feet across -- from this window. Marina climbs
text: into the window, scared out of her wits -- as --
speaker_heading: THE ELEVATOR
text: arrives at the third floor with a tiny "DING" -- and --
dialog: -~ the cont har lete: cir t and es
text: IN THE HALLWAY ~ THE GAS
dialog: in a wi of blu la t fla fo: door --
scene_heading: IN THE WINDOW - MARINA
text: has no choice -~ she jumps out as far as she can -- there is
dialog: no comfort in the derring-do here, this is as terrifying a leap
dialog: as if you or I were jumping from an exploding building --
scene_heading: IN THE APARTMENT - THE FRONT DOOR IS BLASTED IN
text: by the hallway gas and the entire apartment EXPLODES -~-
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BUILDING - THE SURGING FLAME
text: of the explosion rushes just over Marina’s head as she
text: awkwardly falls to the roof of the building next door --
text: -~ the entire third floor of the building blows as --
scene_heading: IN THE STREET - THE "REPAIRMAN"
text: is in the van, unaware of Marina’s escape as he drives off.
scene_heading: ON THE ROOF OF THE BUILDING - MARINA
text: brushes off glass and looks up at the raging fire that used to
dialog: be her home. She knows there is no reason for her to stop being
text: afraid. She now knows she is a target.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. UNIVERSAL EXPORTS - OUTSIDE CONFERENCE ROOM - BOND
text: arrives just behind Q. Q turns to see Bond -- barely conceals
text: his distaste -- and turns his back on him.
dialog: 25.
dialog: Q
dialog: (frosty)
dialog: Good morning, 007 --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (lights the fuse)
dialog: Is the DB7 back up to speed, Q?
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: Really, 007 -- Aston Martin only makes
dialog: one hundred cars a year -- you wind up
dialog: demolishing half of them --
scene_heading: IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM
text: The room is a mixture of old and new -- the conference table and
text: high-backed chairs are classically British and could have come
text: from the nineteenth century. But the array of electronics -- a
text: world map on one wall, and a group of three video/computer
text: monitors against another, is from the twenty-first.
text: Bond and Q arrive to find M, preparing a pipe and seated at the
text: head of the table. On one side of him is SIR JAMES MOLONY (50s),
text: consulting neurologist to the secret service -- on another is
text: the MINISTER OF DEFENSE.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Sit down, 007.
dialog: (motions around table)
dialog: You know Sir James Molony -- our
dialog: consulting neurologist -- and the Minister
dialog: of Defense, of course.
dialog: : (Bond nods)
dialog: Are you familiar with Anatoly Razhnov?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Of course -- a Russian scientist from the
dialog: Soviet Space Weapons Directorate. Defected
dialog: to England recently. I understand he was
dialog: debriefing us on their space progran.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: "Was" is correct, 007. He suffered a
text: stroke last night at 21:30 GMT.
dialog: (tamps tobacco in pipe)
dialog: Sir James?
text: Sir James Molony opens up a medical report --
speaker_heading: MOLONY
dialog: Razhnov is alive -- if you could call it
dialog: that. But he’1l never be able to hold a
text: pencil again, much less a briefing on
dialog: space propulsion systems. What’s troubling
dialog: is that -~
dialog: (eyes report)
dialog: -- the stroke was artificially induced.
dialog: Bond tenses
dialog: The mood in
dialog: is one step
dialog: M nods to Q
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (doesn’t miss a beat)
dialog: Neurotoxin?
speaker_heading: MOLONY
dialog: An extremely subtle one. Took me four
dialog: screenings to find it. Wouldn’t have
text: bothered looking, but the last thin
dialog: Razhnov said -- in fact the last thing
dialog: he’s ever likely to say -- was --
dialog: (checks report)
dialog: -- “kaggabe".
dialog: at the Russian phrase --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Are you certain?
speaker_heading: MOLONY
dialog: I’m afraid so.
text: the room takes a dark turn -- the Minister, however,
dialog: behind --
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Well? Who is "kaggabe"?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Russian pronunciation of "KGB", Minister.
dialog: This type of assassination used to be
dialog: their specialty.
dialog: (turns to M)
dialog: But why would the Russians try to kill him
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Razhnov was about to brief us on a program
dialog: he worked on called "Beurya" -- which
dialog: translates to "Tempest". All we got out of
dialog: him was that "Tempest" was a space based
dialog: offensive weapon -- with the control
text: center in the Russian side of the Arctic.
dialog: -- who activates --
scene_heading: THE COMPUTER/VIDEO MONITORS
text: that dominate the end of the room. The far right screen fills
text: with the digital image of the Arctic, taken from a satelite --
text: from this height it looks just like a white, blank screen --
speaker_heading: M
dialog: These photos were taken via satelite two
dialog: nights ago --
dialog: 27.
text: Q zooms the image in on the center screen, CLICKING a
text: computer mouse-type gadget -- the digital photo loses nothing in
text: detail or clarity as the VIEW drops dramatically through the.
text: black smoke and the raging fire of the Russian base.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: -- that’s what’s left of the Russian
text: ICBM base in the Arctic.
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: The Russian government claims that an
dialog: "electrical fire" started in a silo,
dialog: causing a small explosion. Which is --
dialog: Q
dialog: (can’t contain himself)
dialog: -- po .
dialog: (looks to M)
dialog: If I may?
text: M nods ~- might as well, there’s no stopping him -- Q gets to
text: his feet and points at the screens --
dialog: : Q
dialog: In the highly unlikely event that an
dialog: electrical fire would spread from the
dialog: silos, here, to the control center here --
text: Q CLICKS the "mouse" -- and the left screen fills with a digital
text: image, close up, of the planes’ wreckage.
dialog: Q
dialog: -- no matter how large an explosion was
dialog: caused, it couldn’t possibly have
dialog: claimed these four Russian Migs half a
text: mile to the east.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: stares at the wreckage photo -- noticing something --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Pull that image back a bit, Q --
dialog: (Q does)
dialog: -- that’s a tight wreckage pattern --
dialog: those planes were destroyed on impact,
dialog: not in mid-air. Something caused their
dialog: operating systems to fail in flight --
dialog: like -~
dialog: : (adds it up)
dialog: -- an electromagnetic pulse.
dialog: Q
dialog: Precisely my thoughts, 007.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (confused)
dialog: An electro -- what?
dialog: 28.
dialog: Q
dialog: (peeved)
dialog: Do you ever read my memorandums?
dialog: (patiently)
text: When a nuclear weapon is discharged, it
text: creates a powerful electromagnetic pulse
dialog: that totally and instantaneously
dialog: destroys all non-shielded circuitry,
dialog: such as in motors, computers, aircraft --
dialog: virtually any electronic device.
dialog: (points to photos)
dialog: Now, the pattern of the destruction
dialog: indicates that such a pulse may have been
dialog: created here -- without a nuclear
dialog: detonation. If the Russians have figured
dialog: out how to generate such a pulse
dialog: artificially -- particularly from outer
dialog: space --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: -- it would be categorized as a first
dialog: strike weapon, Minister.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: My God -~
speaker_heading: M
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: And it could be easily directed at any
dialog: NATO base -- or any major city -- with
dialog: devastating consequences.
dialog: (stands)
dialog: We can’t be sure if the Russian government
dialog: is lying to withold this weapon from
dialog: disarmament talks -- or if some of the old
text: Communist hard-liners are building up to a
dialog: power grab. The stakes are far too high
dialog: for us to just sit back and watch.
dialog: (crosses to Bond)
dialog: You’re booked on the next flight to
dialog: Moscow, 007. Find out precisely what
dialog: this "Tempest" weapon La -- and
dialog: precisely who has exercised such a
text: sudden interest in it.
text: As M hands Bond the mission folder -- and Bond breaks the
dialog: seal -- we --
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE NEAR MOSCOW - TREVELYAN’S MANSION - NIGHT
text: This is unmistakably a home of 19th century Russian royalty --
text: the grounds and the house are as enormous as they are ornate.
dialog: 29,
scene_heading: INT. THE DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The interior and furnishings are equally fit for a Czar -- which
text: is clearly how Trevelyan views himself. As we MOVE toward the
text: long, long dining room table, we see we’ve arrived at the end of
text: dinner -- SERVANTS are silently clearing away the dishes.
text: Trevelyan is seated at the head of the table -- twelve
text: luxuriously upholstered chairs run around the rest of it. Some
dialog: of the dinner guests we recognize -- Xenia, Savatier, Alexei --
dialog: others we don’t. But this is clearly a business gathering. An
dialog: American named JORDAN is finishing his report --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: The codes are hard to come by -- and even
dialog: harder to recode -- but we’ll be ready for
text: firing in two days, Mr. Trevelyan.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Excellent. Well -- now that we’ve
dialog: discussed the future of the Tempest, I
dialog: want to make sure that its past has been
text: completely swept away.
dialog: . (looks to Savatier)
dialog: Savatier?
dialog: (as he gets up)
dialog: At the same time, I’ve arranged for a
dialog: little parlor game -- just to let you know
dialog: how much I appreciate the superb work
dialog: you’ve all done.
text: With that, Savatier draws a_ long bladed carving knife from a
text: wooden box on the table. Trevelyan smiles. A perfect host.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: One of the twelve chairs you’re seated
dialog: in -- even I’m not sure which -~ has a
dialog: jewelled dagger that belonged to Nicholas
text: II sewn into the rear cushion. Whoever’s
dialog: seated in that chair gets to keep the
dialog: dagger -- which is priceless,
dialog: incidentally.
dialog: : (casually)
dialog: While we wait to see who’s won -- if you
dialog: wouldn’t mind reporting your progress -~-
text: Savatier steps behind Xenia, who is not in the least disturbed
text: by this "game" -- she holds Trevelyan’s gaze as she reports --
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: Software specialist Peter Oronov suffered
text: a fatal heart attack in Paris.
text: Xenia doesn’t even shiver as the cushion behind her is knifed
text: with a RIPPP of tearing fabric -- nothing is there -- so --
text: Savatier moves to the next guest -- MORLEY -~ who we recognize
text: as the "valet" -- as he confidently reports --
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: MORLEY
dialog: Anatoly Razhnov suffered a very timely
dialog: stroke in London --
text: -- RIPPPP -- and again, no dagger -- Savatier moves to --
text: TYSON -- who has the hawk-nosed face we saw on Bond’s computer
dialog: not too long ago. This gentleman is sweating a bit.
speaker_heading: TYSON
dialog: The train attack in France meant to
dialog: eliminate cryptographer Marina
dialog: Varoskaya -- failed --
text: Savatier does not stick his knife in the chair. Trevelyan’s
text: face is not pleased. But it is otherwise unreadable, a blank.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: -- and why is that?
speaker_heading: TYSON
dialog: (really nervous now)
dialog: -- a British agent on board -- James
dialog: Bond -- discovered my men before --
text: Trevelyan’s poker face is split by a slight smile.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: -- James Bond?
dialog: (interested now)
dialog: Tell me -- did your men kill him?
speaker_heading: TYSON
dialog: (sure he’s dead now)
dialog: -- no ---
text: RIPPPP -- the chair is cut up -- but Tyson, incredibly, is
text: not. Nor is the dagger in this cushion -- Savatier moves on.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Splendid. I want to see Bond once more
text: before he dies.
text: Tyson, who can’t believe he’s off the hook, wipes his forehead
text: in as dignified a manner as possible. The next report is from --
text: -- ILLYA ~-- the "repairman" who attacked Marina. He seems smug
text: as Savatier moves behind him.
speaker_heading: ILLYA
dialog: On the second attempt -- Marina
dialog: Varoskaya was killed in an "accidental"
text: gas explosion in her home.
text: Trevelyan lightly shakes his head -- "no" --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: There was no sign of her body in your
text: elaborately arranged "accidental" fire.
dialog: 31.
text: This is news to Illya. The color drains from his face.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
text: Marina Varoskaya is a brilliant woman, who
text: is no doubt used to being spied on by the
dialog: KGB. You underestimated her.
dialog: (quiet, building anger)
text: She now knows she is a target. She has
dialog: gone into hiding. That makes her a very
dialog: significant threat to our entire
dialog: operation.
scene_heading: ANGLE BEHIND CHAIR - SAVATIER
text: changes his grip on the knife to cut more than fabric --
speaker_heading: TG! IN 'S Ss
text: which register pure animal fear -- as the SOUND of the knife
text: PLUNGING through wood, skin and bone finally comes --
text: -- and Illya is alive. He turns to his right --
speaker_heading: TYSON
text: has been stabbed -- we don’t see the knife or the blood, just a
text: very surprised look on his face as he is addressed by --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Had you used trustworthy people, my dear
dialog: old colleague James Bond would never have
dialog: even been on that train. And we would be
dialog: spared a great deal of trouble.
text: Savatier withdraws the knife -- which was holding Tyson up in
text: the chair -- and he collapses forward onto the table.
text: Illya jumps when Savatier, with one stroke, RIPPPS the
text: fabric in his chair -- and withdraws the jewelled dagger,
text: which he gently hands Illya as he walks away. Trevelyan smiles.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: This is your lucky night after all.
dialog: turns to ice)
dialog: Find Marina Varoskaya. And kil] her. We
dialog: must leave nothing to chance.
text: Chastened, Illya nods -- and we move to a --
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE ON DINING ROOM
text: As we leave, things return to normal: Trevelyan clips the end
text: off a cigar. One servant begins to pour coffee, serving Xenia
text: first. Another servant brings in a dessert cart. And several
text: others, without revulsion or even apparent notice of anything
text: unusual, carry away Tyson’s corpse and chair.
dialog: curt TO:
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSCOW - DAY - RED SQUARE
text: is Moscow’s most spectacular sight -- on one side, the glass of
text: the GUM Department Store -- on the other, Lenin’s Tomb at the
text: foot of the Kremlin wall. Today the vast, cobblestoned open
text: space is filled with Russians on their lunch hour -- and
text: watching children ice skate near the Kremlin’s many graves is
speaker_heading: BOND
text: who is lighting a cigarette -- and thinking too much. He turns
text: away from the Kremlin wall to look at St. Basil’s Cathedral --
speaker_heading: ROMALY (0.S.)
dialog: St. Basil’s Cathedral. But don’t stare at
dialog: it too long, 007. It’s bad luck.
text: A huge, coarse Russian bear of a man -- VALENTIN KOSYGYN (60s),
text: alias ROMALY, hoves into view, grinning, hand thrust out.
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: Valentin Kosygyn, Moscow Station. But
dialog: everyone calls me Romaly. If ever you call
dialog: me by the other name, we shall have to -
dialog: fight. And it would be a disgrace for you
dialog: to lose to a man as old as me.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I’1l be careful, Romaly. And you should
dialog: call me James.
text: Bond and Romaly walk toward the cathedral -- Romaly points
dialog: toward it --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
text: Ivan the Terrible tore out the eyes of the
dialog: architect who designed it, so he would
dialog: never again behold anything so beautiful.
dialog: Russian government has operated on similar
dialog: logic ever since.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have been to Russia before, James?
text: A dark cloud passes over Bond’s face --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (terse)
dialog: Once.
text: Romaly remembers -- and instantly regrets his error --
speaker_heading: . ROMALY
dialog: Stakhanya -- I am an old fool, James --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: Forget about it, Romaly. It was a long
dialog: time ago. And we’ve got work to do.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: (shifts gears)
dialog: Yes -- M told me about your mission. He
dialog: said the first step was to "deliberately
dialog: provoke a response from the opposition".
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I am reminded of when my father taught me
dialog: to hunt in the mountains. He said the
dialog: first step is to tether a goat to a
text: Shoshka and wait for the tigers to
text: arrive and devour it.
text: Bond is amused by the analogy and smiles --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Any ideas on where I should be tethered?
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: Tonight we have opportunity. A diplomatic
dialog: reception at the Kremlin Grand Palace --
text: (claps hand on Bond’s back)
dialog: -- let us see what kind of tigers show up
dialog: to devour you there, eh?
speaker_heading: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KREMLIN GRAND PALACE - ESTABLISHING VIEW - NIGHT
text: The oldest part of the Kremlin is a huge palace built for
text: Nicholas I in the Kremlin’s center, the gold and white spires
text: dwarfing the older palaces and government buildings around it.
text: Tonight, the marble staircase leading to the ground floor is
text: brightly lit, with lines of limousines discharging stuffy
text: couples in black tie past military guards --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PALACE - ST. GEORGE’S HALL
dialog: is the most important, and opulent, locale for Moscow’s affairs
text: of state. The domed ceiling towers fifty feet over the enormous
text: room -- and tonight the room is packed, shoulder to shoulder,
text: with an international crowd of diplomats.
text: Right now, the crowd focuses on the podium, which has a banner
text: in Cyrillic and English celebrating "PEACE AND FRIENDSHIP". The
text: American DIPLOMAT droning at the microphone is just as subtle --
speaker_heading: DIPLOMAT
dialog: I am pleased to be here on such an
dialog: historic occasion -- as our rivalry
text: blossoms into friendship. Peace has been
dialog: achieved --
speaker_heading: (some APPLAUSE)
dialog: -- not through the use of nuclear
dialog: weapons -- but through the destruction
dialog: of them --
text: There is much, much more APPLAUSE -- the American diplomat
text: shakes hands with a Russian on the podium ~-- and we find --
dialog: i
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: BOND AND ROMALY
text: Romaly is underwhelmed by the sentiments -- Bond is busy
text: checking out the crowd.
speaker_heading: ROMALY
text: So they destroy a few of the warheads that
dialog: have not been sold on black market --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -- last week, we received a report of a
text: man in Yakutsk with an operational warhead
dialog: stored in his living room --
text: Bond is only half-listening to the anecdote -- he’s more
text: interested in what’s caught his eye ~- by a window is
scene_heading: GENERAL LEONID PUSHKIN
text: of the KGB’s Counterintelligence Directorate, talking to a pair
dialog: of Russians who probably have a less dangerous occupation.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: crosses through the crowd -- and as Pushkin sees him coming, he
text: excuses himself from his chat and walks toward Bond.
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
dialog: So -- James Bond --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (they shake hands)
dialog: General Pushkin --
text: Pushkin steers Bond away from some of the crowd, and toward a
text: refreshment table -~- although he’s guardedly friendly, he’s
text: clearly very suspicious of Bond’s presence.
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
dialog: It is always a pleasure to see you under
dialog: peaceful conditions --
dialog: . (wary)
dialog: -~- if that is what they are. What can I do
dialog: for you, Bond?
text: Pushkin takes a knife and stops in front of two silver jars of
dialog: caviar -- apparently he can’t decide which to try --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Just answer one question, General --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ~- did you initial a termination warrant
dialog: for Anatoly Razhnov?
text: Pushkin freezes between the silver jars, astonished at the
dialog: question -- Bond remains cool -~
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (indicates jar helpfully) -
dialog: The royal beluga is superior, General,
text: fresh from the Astrakhan coast. The other
dialog: one I wouldn’t feed to a koshka.
text: Pushkin snaps out of it and smears some of the better one on a
dialog: cracker -- and is a little steamed now --
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
dialog: We do not kill defectors, Bond ~--
dialog: particularly not now --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, someone did -- someone with access
dialog: to KGB toxins.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And it happened less than a day after that
dialog: nasty bit of weather you had in the
dialog: Arctic. What’s the Russian word for it?
dialog: Beurya?
text: Pushkin stops in his tracks -- his face ices over completely.
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: I am very pleased that tensions between
dialog: our countries have eased to the point that
dialog: we can have a conversation inside the
text: walls of the Kremlin.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I must warn you that if you pursue
dialog: this conversation any further, 007, it
dialog: will be finished inside the walls of the
dialog: Lubyanka.
text: Pushkin stalks away from the table. Bond casually samples the
text: better caviar and walks away --
text: -- revealing that Xenia is a few feet away -- and she heard
dialog: this exchange.
scene_heading: ELSEWHERE IN ST. GEORGE’S HALL - PUSHKIN
text: walks up to a young KGB AGENT who’s chatting with a woman ~--
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
dialog: (controlled anger)
dialog: Please see that James Bond is escorted to
dialog: his car -- immediately --
dialog: Meanwhile --
scene_heading: EXT. AN OUTER PART OF THE PALACE ~- BOND
text: walks through one of the outer bridges that links the Grand
text: Palace to the surrounding palaces -~ the crowd is sparser here.
text: Bond walks past a window, his attention is drawn toward an outer
text: balcony -- his icy demeanor shattered for a moment --
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - TREVELYAN
text: is standing by a railing. He turns and sees Bond —- and abruptly
text: ends the conversation he was engaged in, smiling invitingly.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Well -- James Bond.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: walks toward Trevelyan, regaining his aplomb as he does. Two
dialog: things are crystal clear. One is that Bond wants to kill this
dialog: man very much. The other is that it’s taking all his
dialog: self-discipline to avoid attempting it here.
text: Trevelyan, on the other hand, wears the smirking armor of a man
text: who feels he’s already decisively vanquished his opponent.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Augustus Trevelyan --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (indicates reception)
dialog: I/ll miss this particular struggle --
dialog: won’t you, James? As Frederick the Great
dialog: once said -- "Diplomacy without armaments
dialog: is like music without: instruments."
dialog: (points to Kremlin wall)
dialog: Now that it’s over, I can tell you -- part
dialog: of my charade is that I’m buried right
dialog: over there -- three plots down from
text: Khrushchev. Seems childish now.
dialog: (offers his hand)
dialog: You are surprised to find me still alive,
dialog: I suppose?
speaker_heading: . BOND
dialog: More than that -- I’m delighted.
dialog: (doesn’t take hand)
dialog: It’s always been a great disappointment to
dialog: me that I wasn’t able to kill you
dialog: personally.
text: Trevleyan laughs genuinely, as if this were a bon mot instead
text: of the very real threat it is. He withdraws his hand.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Don’t be ridiculous, Bond. It was a
dialog: schoolboy’s game that we played a long
text: time ago. Two empires, battling to change
text: the world. The battle is over --.
dialog: (gestures around)
dialog: -- and it seems to me that the world has
dialog: not changed so much for it. Now, men like
dialog: you and I look for new games. That is all.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (with quiet contempt)
dialog: Is that how you live with betrayal and
dialog: murder, Trevelyan? By calling it a game?
dialog: 37.
text: Now Trevelyan seems genuinely disappointed in Bond.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: That question is beneath both of us,
dialog: James. I might as well ask you if the
dialog: vodka martinis ever completely still the
dialog: voices of all the men you’ve killed.
dialog: (still conversational)
dialog: Or if you ever find forgiveness, in the
dialog: arms of all those women, for the one that
dialog: you failed to protect.
dialog: (dismissing him)
dialog: My conscience is clean, James. Yours, I
dialog: think, is rather crowded.
text: Bond’s fury is silent -- controlled -~ but unmistakable --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Certainly there’s room for one more --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (ice)
dialog: Please, James, no embarrassing bravado, no
dialog: vows to kill me -~ you had your
dialog: opportunity some time ago.
dialog: (stating a certainty)
dialog: You won’t get another.
text: Other reception guests begin to notice this confrontation -- but
dialog: before it can escalate --
text: -- the KGB agent, with a pair of burly security men stuffed into
text: bad tuxes, shows up behind Bond.
speaker_heading: KGB AGENT
dialog: Mr. Bond ~- your car is waiting.
dialog: (Bond doesn’t move)
dialog: Mr. Bond -- your car.
text: A very agitated Romaly shows up and takes Bond away -- and we --
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHED GATE OF KREMLIN - NIGHT
text: A limousine pulls out of the gate, passing a pair of GUARDS --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE LIMO - BOND AND ROMALY
dialog: are both tense -- albeit for different reasons --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: You were supposed to draw out the tigers,
dialog: James -- not jump-start the Cold War back
dialog: into existance --
text: Bond takes out a cigarette --
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I thought Trevelyan was dead.
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: You were meant to. The KGB faked his death
dialog: after his defection so he could run the
dialog: Active Measures directorate in secret.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (lights cigarette)
dialog: “Active Measures" -- the KGB euphemism for
dialog: assassinations --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: Trevelyan has planned or approved every
dialog: KGB murder for years -- but he retired
dialog: eight months ago. The government granted
dialog: him honorary diplomatic status.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (a very dark laugh)
dialog: Diplomatic status -- for that bastard --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: The Russians don’t like him either, James.
dialog: But the only time his enemies in
dialog: government seem to surface is when the ice
text: breaks on Moskva River in spring.
scene_heading: IN FRONT OF THE METROPOL HOTEL - THE LIMO STOPS
text: -- the rear door opens and Bond gets out. Romaly leans out --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: Some advice, my friend -- put Trevelyan
dialog: out of your mind. Find some form of
dialog: amusement -~-
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: -- and try not to provoke any more of the
dialog: opposition -- at least until tomorrow
dialog: morning.
text: Romaly SHUTS the door and the limousine ROARS off as Bond -- who
text: is clearly still agitated -- turns toward the Metropol.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STEAM BATH - CENTRAL POOL - NIGHT - CLOSE ON BOND
text: as he THRASHES through the water, trying to swim off the tension
dialog: -- and we see --
text: THE CENTRAL ROOM OF THE METROPOL’S STEAM BATH
dialog: which isn’t the tiny, tiled closet Westerners are used to --
text: this steam bath is an Olympic sized pool, surrounded by marble
text: columns and, by the walls, individual steam rooms. The central
text: room is completely fogged in with steam.
dialog: 39.
text: The only illumination is moonlight coming in through the huge
text: skylight over the pool, and Bond is apparently alone. But as he
dialog: swims -- :
scene_heading: SOMEONE ELSE’S POV MOVES THROUGH THE STEAM
dialog: and the darkness, silently --
scene_heading: IN THE WATER - BOND SWIMS
dialog: vigorously -- he doesn’t know he has company --
scene_heading: SOMEONE ELSE’S POV MOVES PAST THE COLUMNS
text: one by one, toward the opposite end of the pool and the
dialog: individual steam rooms -~-
scene_heading: IN THE WATER - BOND
text: reaches the same end of the pool -- if anything, he’s more wound
text: up than before -- as he starts to get out at the pool’s end, he
dialog: looks to the side --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THE STEAM BEHIND THE COLUMNS
text: has been stirred by the backdraft of someone walking --
text: BOND GETS OUT OF THE POOL
text: in a single motion, as if he’s seen nothing -- he walks casually
text: toward a steam room -- but when he reaches one column --
text: -- Bond abruptly grabs someone's arm in the darkness, applies
text: a leverage hold and THROWS whoever’s there into an individual
text: steam room -~ there’s the SLAM of someone’s body hitting the
dialog: room’s far wall --
text: -- and Bond hasn’t even broken his stride, as he plucks his
text: Walther from under a bathrobe on a bench -- and steps into the
text: smaller steam room, gun in position --
text: But Bond halts in his tracks at the door -- surprised -- he
text: looks at a towel, lying in a heap in the doorway -- and at --
scene_heading: THE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE ROOM - XENIA
text: has landed on the wooden, cushioned seat of the steam room. She
text: is illuminated only by the coals of the room’s stove, and some
text: light reflecting in from the pool. Just enough to ascertain,
text: through the steam, that her body is as flawless as it is naked.
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Bond.
text: Xenia is smiling comfortably -- as if her nudity makes Bond,
text: not her, the vulnerable one. It’s clear from Xenia’s almost
text: mocking attitude that she’s accustomed to using her body to
text: intimidate men. Even the fact that she’s been thrown into the
text: room doesn’t matter. To her -- this is foreplay.
dialog: : j
dialog: 40.
text: BOND MOVES INTO THE ROOM
text: -- and instead of handing her the towel, he drapes it around his
text: shoulders, smiling. He doesn’t have the gun pointed at her
text: anymore -- it casually dangles from his hand as he sits down
text: opposite her.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Well -- the face is familiar. And the rest
dialog: is exquisite.
dialog: (refers to towel)
dialog: Generally I don’t undress a woman until
dialog: after meeting her --
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: My name is Xenia Labyakova. I understand
dialog: you are asking questions about Razhnov -~
dialog: and Tempest.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I came to give you a few answers.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Thank you for being so forthcoming --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -- but the name’s familiar too, Xenia. You
dialog: work for the Active Measures directorate.
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Thoughtless of your superiors to send you
dialog: up here to kill me -- unarmed.
text: Xenia gets up with a small laugh ~- and crosses to Bond,
text: slowly -- she wants him to get a good look. Bond lets her -- the
text: Walther still casually hanging from his hand --
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: Really, James -- can I call you James? --
dialog: if I/a wanted to kill you -- I wouldn’t
dialog: need one of these --
text: Xenia’s face is now inches from Bond’s -- one hand dips out of
dialog: view --
speaker_heading: XENIA’S HAND
text: gently takes the Walther out of Bond’s grasp --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOND AND XENIA - BOND
text: is as unshaken as he appears -- his eyes never leave Xenia’s,
text: nor does his smile drop ~-- after a long second we hear the light
text: RAP of the gun being placed on the wooden bench -~-
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: -- there are ways I can kill you --
dialog: right here -- right now --
text: -- Xenia’s hand comes back up -- and both her hands find their
text: way to Bond’s chest, caressing him there <- right over his heart
dialog: -- as if she were picking the right spot --
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I knew Russian training wasn’t very
dialog: good --
text: Bond reaches up and gently takes her hands off his chest -- the
dialog: better to grab her back and draw her closer --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: -- I can think of nine, at least.
text: Bond draws her closer still, into a ferocious kiss -~ we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOND’S METROPOL SUITE ~ NIGHT - A TRACKING SHOT
text: show clothing is strewn all over the Russian antiques ~~ as we
text: MOVE IN we hear, but don’t see, Bond and Xenia, their breath
dialog: quickened a bit -- this is either before, or after, sex --
speaker_heading: XENIA (0.S.)
dialog: There are rumors all over about Tempest --
dialog: that the government wants to erase all
dialog: traces of it --
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: -~ now?
speaker_heading: BOND (0.S.)
dialog: (cool, but he wants it too)
dialog: -- not yet -- is it because of
dialog: disarmament?
text: -- we pass the large bed -- Bond and Xenia aren’t in it, but the
text: sheets make this look like the violent ward instead of a luxury
dialog: hotel --
speaker_heading: XENIA (0.8.)
dialog: Yes -- NATO does not know about the weapon
dialog: -- so it is to be kept in reserve -- in
dialog: case peace does not work out --
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: -- James, please -- I can’t wait --
speaker_heading: BOND (0.S.)
dialog: (firm)
dialog: You’ll have to --
text: At a large picture window we can see it’s lightly snowing and
dialog: cold as hell -- but we see it’s a lot warmer in than out as we
text: MOVE UP the bodies of
scene_heading: BOND AND XENIA - INTERTWINED
text: and balanced on a daybed built for one, dewed with post-coital
text: perspiration. Bond checks, and replaces, a_ bottle of Dom
text: Perignon in the ice bucket -- the subject of the other
text: conversation. Xenia’s head collapses on Bond’s chest in
dialog: exhaustion.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: -- this has a half hour left, minimum.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What do you know about the weapon?
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: Nothing -- but the Tempest files are
dialog: stored there --
text: She points out the window -- the view of central Moscow includes
dialog: an ominous,
speaker_heading: BOND’S FACE
dialog: grey complex --
speaker_heading: XENIA
text: -- in the central part of Lubyanka. The
dialog: KGB headquarters.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Perhaps you could get to them?
text: shows this is what he’s been waiting for: the other shoe has
dialog: dropped -- he plays along --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Not a chance. The security’s far too
text: tight. The entrance is triple-doored --
dialog: there’s electronic surveillance on the
dialog: roof <--
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: Still -- there is a way in. The outer
text: complex is two buildings, built at two
dialog: seperate times -- the first was north and
dialog: east, built after Revolution --
text: Xenia traces an "L" shape with a fingernail on Bond’s chest --
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: The second was built in Stalin’s time --
dialog: to join here --
dialog: (traces another "L")
dialog: -- but construction job was -- how do you
dialog: say in English -- uzazhny --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: In English, we say: "The foreman was hung
dialog: over" --
speaker_heading: XENIA
text: Correct -- The buildings do not quite join
text: -- sO a crawlspace at the bottom goes up
dialog: three levels and is blocked off --
dialog: (punctuates with nail)
dialog: -- here.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You’1l show me how to get to that?
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: Yes -- but first --
dialog: 43.
text: Xenia shifts slightly over Bond --
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: Since we have half hour, minimum -- you
dialog: must kill me at least one more way --
dialog: Bond obliges -- as we --
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LUBYANKA STREET - KGB _HEADQUARTERS/LUBYANKA - DAY
text: The grey, nameless KGB compound is situated on a busy Moscow
text: street -- the only clue to its identity is a glimpse of the
text: armed, olive-uniformed guards behind the smoked glass.
text: Bond -- who is wearing a roomy, rugged jacket that fits in with
text: the winter wear of the Muscovites around him -- walks past the
text: Lubyanka, and crosses the street just before an electric public
text: streetcar CLANGS past. Bond passes the nearby "World of
text: Children" store, turning a corner under a pair of uniformed
text: traffic sentries in an elevated booth --
text: -- at the corner, he enters the glass doors of --
scene_heading: THE METRO STATION - BOND
text: fights the flow of pedestrian traffic to the down escalator -~-
text: on the escalator, Bond casually opens a note --
speaker_heading: THE NOTE
text: is palm-sized -- there is a diagram on each side --
text: BOND REACHES THE BOTTOM OF THE ESCALATOR
text: and, blending with the crowd, moves toward a
text: door in the station’s rear -- he opens it and slips inside,
dialog: unnoticed -- meanwhile --
scene_heading: EXT. LUBYANKA STREET - XENIA
text: walks to the end of the block and gets inside a waiting limo --
text: the door is opened by --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
text: waiting in the back seat, expectantly but confidently --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Any surprises?
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: (smiles, gets in)
text: Nine of them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Otherwise, everything went as planned.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (shuts door)
dialog: As I told you --
dialog: (as limo drives off)
dialog: -- there are two things James Bond
dialog: cannot resist -- a beautiful woman --
text: and an obvious trap.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: He is always willing to try to get into
dialog: the former -- and out of the latter.
scene_heading: ON THE METRO TRACK - BOND
text: emerges from a maintenance corridor onto the track itself, a
text: hundred yards away from the platform.
text: Bond quickly crosses the track -- glances at the diagram -- and
text: as the LIGHTS and BELLS of a train approach, Bond KICKS in
text: another door -~ and steps through it just as the train THUNDERS
dialog: by -~- meanwhile --
scene_heading: IN TREVELYAN’S LIMOUSINE - TREVELYAN
dialog: is extremely pleased with himself --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: You gave him the directions in a note?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: The British will now be certain that the
dialog: Russians are behind the assassinations --
dialog: We cut back to --
scene_heading: BOND - IN A CRAWLSPACE
text: Bond finishes making his way to --
scene_heading: A_NARROW UPWARD SHAFT
text: that cuts between the KGB buildings at the misaligned juncture
text: of "building 1" and "building 2". The floor of the shaft is
text: covered with debris -- Bond lightly kicks away a wandering rat
text: and shines a penlight up through the total darkness.
text: The shaft looks like the botched construction job it is -- there
text: are loose beams near the top, and the doors that were supposed
text: to join are hopelessly misaligned. The whole thing goes up
text: about fifty feet -- but it’s only four feet across --
text: -- so Bond grips the first loose beam on a floor division -- and
text: starts climbing up -- as --
scene_heading: IN TREVELYAN’S LIMOUSINE - TREVELYAN
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: -- just as the Russians will be certain
dialog: that the British are trying to steal their
dialog: technology when they find your diagram on
dialog: Bond.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: Suppose Bond is as skilled with the
dialog: latter -- as he was with the former?
text: Trevelyan’s grin grows wider -- as -~
scene_heading: IN THE SHAFT - BOND
text: has quickly made his way up, nearly to the top of the space --
text: straddling the beams that line the sides, he’s about forty feet
text: from the bottom. There are metal doors -- one on each side of
text: the shaft -- but they’re welded shut.
text: Now the only decision to make is which side to enter. Bond takes
text: out what appears to be an electronic "dayplanner" -- but when
text: he flips it open and hits the small keyboard, a variety of
text: functions come up on the menu. Bond chooses "THERMAL SCAN" and
text: holds the screen against the sealed left door --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HALLWAY OF BUILDING 1 - KGB OFFICE WORKERS
text: move in and out of doorways --
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN OF THE "DAYPLANNER" - TH le} Ic GE
dialog: reveals the workers there --
scene_heading: IN THE SHAFT - BOND
text: turns to the other side and presses the dayplanner against that
dialog: door -- there is no thermal image here --
scene_heading: ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DOOR IN BUILDING 2 - A STORAGE ROOM
dialog: houses a variety of office junk --
scene_heading: IN THE SHAFT - BOND
text: pockets the dayplanner -- and takes out a felt-tip pen -- he
text: starts to trace a line in the metal -- as he does, the trail of
text: the acidic "ink" SIZZLES and CRACKS through the metal --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN (V.O.)
dialog: Six years ago, we caught the Chinese
dialog: trying to get into that shaft with some
dialog: listening equipment --
scene_heading: IN TREVELYAN’S LIMO - TREVELYAN
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: -- and I convinced the Internal Security
dialog: directorate to leave the access to the
text: shaft open.
dialog: (beat)
text: With a little pest control installed.
scene_heading: IN THE SHAFT - BOND
text: chemically carves his way through the door -- he’s halfway
dialog: through -- as --
dialog: 46.
text: BOND’S FOOT ON THE BEAM
text: triggers a pressure sensor -- and there is the SOUND of an
text: engine starting, cranking up something from the floor --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: knows this can’t be good news -- he flashes the light down --
scene_heading: AT THE SHAFT’S BOTTOM - PLE SC
dialog: with dimensions that match the shaft -- there’s maybe an inch
text: clearance on each side -- slowly moves upward -- as it does --
text: twin nozzles hidden among the floor’s junk spray a yellow gas
text: into the cylinder, keeping pace with the cylinder’s rise --
text: -- caught, the rat SQUEALS in agony, not understanding why it
text: can’t go through the clear plexiglass as it dies --
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
text: who understands far too well as the SQUEAL abruptly ends --
scene_heading: IN TREVELYAN’S LIMO - TREVELYAN
text: serenely contemplates what’s happening now --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
text: It’s a deriviative of Serin.
dialog: (as if yonder ing wt what the
dialog: sensation is like
dialog: When it makes contact with the skin -- the
text: nervous system tears itself apart. Every
dialog: time I’ve seen it used, it took about four
dialog: minutes.
dialog: (beat)
text: A very, very long four minutes.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE SHAFT - BOND
text: shines the penlight up over him -- at the top of the shaft,
text: there is a now-obvious groove where the cylinder seals --
dialog: definitely not a way out --
scene_heading: VIEW DOWN SHAFT - ER_ BOND. ID_ AP! ING DER
text: The cylinder -- and pumping gas -- are halfway up -- Bond goes
text: back to work on the door with the acid-pen -- the "door" still
text: needs one side finished, and the acid SIZZLES at what now seems
dialog: a glacial speed -- finally --
text: -- Bond completes tracing the "door" -- he braces his feet
text: against the beams and SHOVES --
dialog: -- and nothing happens --~ it doesn’t open -~ Bond
text: desperately THROWS himself against the door -- again to no
dialog: effect --
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SUPPLY ROOM - TWO HUGE FILING CABINETS
dialog: ock ‘s ance -- there is a mountain of other junk
text: jammed against those -- we can just hear the SOUND of
text: BOND DESPERATELY SLAMMING AGAINST THE DOOR
text: -~ but it’s not moving, not even an centimenter -- however --
speaker_heading: THE CYLINDER
text: is still moving up at a steady pace -- the nerve gas swirling
text: around it, just below the lip of the cylinder --
text: ANGLE ON BOND FROM TOP OF SHAFT
text: The cylinder is now ten feet below Bond -- truly desperate
dialog: now, Bond lea to to} the s ta rab: ott
dialog: top beam -- Bo swin ‘rom ~- a --
text: ~- the beam breaks too se -- clutching it, Bond falls twenty
text: feet toward the cylinder --
dialog: T_T! OF Cy! = ‘Ss
text: land uncertainly on the edge -- the swirli in ben
dialog: him -- but --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: gets his footing -- and its one end o
dialog: 2 ber inst ed th sin inde n
dialog: diagonall. ainst the cut do ~- the cylinder’s
text: upward motion starts to SHOVE the door open --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE STORAGE ROOM - THE FILING CABINETS
text: start to move -- slowly, almost imperceptibly --
scene_heading: IN THE SHAFT - BOND
text: THROWS his own weight against the beam and the door as the
text: cylinder PUSHES up -~ the cylinder’s engine GROANS with this
dialog: new strain --
scene_heading: THE CYLINDER’S EDGE
text: notably slows its progress up -- which does Bond more harm
text: than good, because the gas is still swirling up on its own --
dialog: it! ow. OS: ed eet -- finally ---
scene_heading: IN THE SUPPLY ROOM - THE FILING CABINETS
text: move further -- SCRAPING a few inches across the floor,
dialog: blocked by the other junk --
text: IN THE SHAFT - BOND PUSHES THE DOOR OPEN
text: and widens the crack another inch -- just enough to squeeze
dialog: through -- Bond s_ thr. tht rac!
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: THE SUPPLY ROOM - BOND
text: just gets his feet out as the gas and cylinder rise past in
text: the shaft ~- the loose beam TUMBLING down into the cylinder --
text: Bond shoves his way past the junk and leans against the wall,
text: shaken. He takes a deep breath of the dusty air in the supply
text: room. The easy part is over.
text: Bond takes off his outer jacket -- revealing he’s wearing an
text: immaculate black jacket and tie underneath. Looking more like a
text: high-ranking KGB official than a spy crawling out of a hole,
text: Bond heads for the door.
scene_heading: INT. LUBYANKA INTERNAL SECURITY ROOM - DAY
text: Several RUSSIAN TECHNICIANS monitor the security console for the
text: Lubyanka compound -- at least a dozen television monitors crowd
text: the console, along with radios, telephones, and a central
text: computer schematic of the entire compound. There’s also a
text: flashing red light -- as a technician picks up a phone --
text: -- we notice one monitor which, unlike the others, has a fast
text: moving rather than stationary point of view, controlled by a
text: technician who’s working a joystick -- we follow that POV to --
scene_heading: INT/EXT. LUBYANKA COURTYARD - DAY - A MINI-HELICOPTER
text: that’s about four feet across takes us through, and high above,
text: the spacious compound area -- it’s equipped with an eternally
text: panning surveillance camera -- and a pair of machine guns
text: mounted under each skid.
scene_heading: LOWER IN THE COMPOUND - BOND
text: has emerged from the building and moves into the courtyard,
text: trying to blend in with a crowd of Russians going into work -~
text: they generally look like any other crowd of people heading into
text: a huge office, making for a pretty surreal sight as no one takes
text: notice of the surveillance helicopter -~ to them, it’s routine.
text: Bond is at first astonished by the mini-helicopter -- but forces
text: himself not to look up at it as he heads across the courtyard --
text: he looks back at --
scene_heading: THE ENTRANCE TO THE LUBYANKA COMPOUND
text: as the doors swing open -- moving past the third door and coming
text: into the courtyard is Xenia --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: opts not to confront her -- in his position, the least it would
text: earn him is a jail cell. Maybe a bullet. He moves toward --
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: THE TOWER
text: which is built at the end of the courtyard and nestled inside
text: the rear corner of one of the outer compound buildings. In
text: contrast to the outer compound -- which is a pair of buildings
dialog: that are between fifty and seventy years old -~ the tower is
text: clearly a newer, high-tech building. It’s nine stories high --
text: and electronic dishes ring its roof. Several covered corridors
text: bridge the small gap between the tower and the older building it
dialog: is nearest to.
text: Bond reaches the tower’s entrance -- and walks --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TOWER’S LOBBY
text: which is a huge lair of black marble -- there is a central
text: elevator, a pair of staircases on either side, and enough foot
dialog: traffic to make this look like a major office building first
text: thing in the morning. Bond walks across toward the elevator --
text: it touches down in the lobby --
text: -- and Pushkin exits, angrily giving an AIDE some commands
text: in RUSSIAN -- the aide hurries to carry them out --
text: -- Bond pivots as inconspicuously as possible toward the
text: stairs -- he briskly walks up past a large window -- where
text: the helicopter hovers -- its camera seems to track Bond
text: as he moves up -- meanwhile --
scene_heading: IN THE COURTYARD ~ XENIA
text: walks toward the tower, but is intercepted by a young KGB AGENT
text: who’s obviously anxious to make points with Xenia. (Again: bold
text: sentences in dialogue indicate subtitled Russian.)
speaker_heading: KGB AGENT
dialog: Xenia -- Internal security’s reported
dialog: there’s an intruder caught in the west
dialog: trap <--
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: -- want to have a look?
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: It’s so gruesome --
dialog: (considers, smiles)
dialog: -- well -- all right.
text: As the agent leads Xenia off --
scene_heading: IN THE TOWER - BOND
text: is at the top level -- and eying his next problem --
scene_heading: BOND‘’S POV - AN ARMORED GLASS DOUBLE-DOOR CAGE
text: is the entrance he has to get past -- the first door is operated
text: by a magnetic key card with a slot at waist level. The second is
text: opened by a DESK ATTENDANT with a full view of the cage, who is
text: LAUGHING his way through a telephone conversation.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: walks up as nonchalantly as possible -- and takes out the
dialog: Gayplanner --
dialog: -- when he reaches the door, Bond | Fess he _di ner
dialog: inst lot -- card -- it runs keycode
dialog: combination possibilities, findins the right one in three
dialog: seconds --
text: ~~ the door OPENS -- and Bond steps into --
scene_heading: THE PLEXIGLASS TRAP
text: as the door SEALS shut behind him. The attendant, still on the
text: phone, hasn’t noticed Bond ~- so Bond makes himself noticed --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (kicks | door, angry)
dialog: Octri sah!
text: The attendant is startled by the kick -- and Bond’s tone -- he
text: rapidly hits the BUZZER that opens the door. Bond stalks to the
text: desk, as imperious and furious as a KGB general, yanks the
text: phone from the attendant’s hand and forcibly hangs it up.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (in his face)
dialog: Razbudeet urkhny!
text: The attendant tries to look apologetic as Bond walks away -- as
text: soon as Bond is out of view --
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (mutters to himself)
dialog: s--
text: BOND MOVES INTO A CORRIDOR
text: that’s long and sealed -- at the end of this stretch, Bond
dialog: arrives at --
scene_heading: THE LUBYANKA’S FILE ROOM
text: which is as dark, dusty and enormous -- it is jam-packed with
text: the most important information the KGB keeps on file.
text: The room is tri-levelled -- each level provides its own
text: labyrinth of shelves packed with binder. The floors are built
text: out of cheap, translucent lucite -- it’s possible to see the
text: shape of office workers walking around the levels above. There
text: are some fragile looking stairs -- and a central cage elevator.
speaker_heading: BOND'S FACE
dialog: looks daunted. Breaking in is one thing. Finding the right file
dialog: here is clearly going to be something else. Meanwhile --
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: ELSEWHERE IN THE COMPOUND - XENIA
text: stands next to the KGB agent, waiting, smiling expectantly ->
dialog: the agent thinks she’s starting to like him --
speaker_heading: KGB AGENT
text: The gas is completely pumped out now --
text: With. a BUZZ, we hear a door start to SLIDE open --
scene_heading: XENIA’S POV - ON THE SLIDING DOOR
text: As it opens in front of four INTERNAL SECURITY GUARDS, crouched
dialog: in firing position -- we see bottom le of + haf
text: escaped from. There is no trace of the yellow gas -- and the
text: cylinder lowers completely into the ground --
text: -~ revealing nothing at the bottom but the broken beam.
text: ON XENIA AND THE KGB AGENT
dialog: who are both disappointed -- in different degrees --
speaker_heading: KGB AGENT
dialog: Just a false alarm -- that beam must have
text: set it off.
text: Xenia quickly stalks out -- leaving behind the agent -- as --
scene_heading: IN THE LUBYANKA FILE ROOM - ON THE THIRD LEVEL
text: Bond is pointed down a tall, claustrophobic corridor of files by
text: a young female FILE CLERK -- as Bond walks away from her --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: as .
text: She shyly hands him a note -- obviously with her number on it --
text: and goes back to work, pushing a cart with fiv e
text: boxes balanced precariously on it.
text: Bond goes to work on the shelves, which are filled with binders.
text: Finding the right one, Bond pulls it down -- but it’s too light.
dialog: He opens it --
text: -- the binder is empty. Bond’s thumb riffles the inside ~- the
text: pages have been razored out.
text: Bond replaces the useless binder -- but tries another on the
dialog: shelf. This one has pages of personnel sie: for the space
text: directorate. One page has a photo, and information, on Razhnov.
text: Bond quietly clears an area on the shelf -- and takes out the
text: dayplanner again. This time a cover on the bottom opens,
text: revealing a rectangular camera lens.
text: Bond uses the keyboard to zero in on the page ~-- and the
dialog: computer’s screen to focus -- as -+
dialog: |
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: IN ANOTHER LEVEL ~- THE FEMALE FILE CLERK
text: we saw a moment ago wheels the very heavily laden cart down a
text: hallway and into the spacious office of --
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
text: who is seated at a desk -- the clerk brings the cart up --
speaker_heading: FILE CLERK
dialog: As you requested, General --
text: Pushkin gets up -- and takes the lid off one of the boxes --
speaker_heading: FILE CLERK
dialog: -- the complete dossier on British agent
dialog: James Bond.
text: Atop the open box, stapled to a file, is a very clear eight by
text: ten photo of Bond -- the file clerk glances down at it, her
text: eyes WIDENING with recognition -- as ~-
scene_heading: AT THE PLEXIGLASS TRAP - XENIA
text: bursts through the second door -- the attendant is excited and
text: afraid as he hangs up the phone --
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
text: There is an intruder in the file room --
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: (intense)
dialog: Send for internal security --
text: Xenia takes a gigantic automatic pistol out of her bag without
dialog: breaking stride -- most men couldn’t hold this with two hands
text: but she easily grips it with one -- she chambers a round with a
text: distinct CLICK as she heads toward the file room -- meanwhile --
scene_heading: IN THE FILE ROOM - BOND
text: is turning pages and RECORDING information as quickly as
text: possible -- we see the faces of the scientists who have been
text: assassinated fly by -- until Bond reaches the page with --
dialog: -- Marina’ hot. ssie: orm .
speaker_heading: BOND
text: reacts to this -- but there’s no time to reflect on it. He shuts
text: the binder and replaces it -- and as Bond hits a key on the
text: dayplanner, we see the phrase "ENCRYPTION COMMENCING"
text: flashing on screen -- the image of Marina’s dossier, and
text: presumably everything else Bond has recorded, turns to a sea
dialog: of computer gibberish
text: Bond quickly moves toward the elevator -~ when he gets there -~
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: IN THE ELEVATOR - XENIA
text: is coming up -- she sees Bond -- and STARTS FIRING UP through
text: the cage -- she’s almost to the top and can fire between the
dialog: bars of the cage --
speaker_heading: BOND RUNS
text: as the bullets IMPACT around him, kicking up dust -- instead of
text: heading away from the elevator he runs past the front of it --
text: -- and rips opens the top cage gate as he runs past, breaking
text: the electrical circuit -- the elevator stops --
text: Xenia, who is momentarily trapped, FIRES the rest of the clip in
text: vain as Bond runs out of range -- but below him --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV ~ THE INTERNAL SECURITY GUARDS
text: are running into the main entrance of the file room -- the
text: commander looks up _and sees Bond --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: runs back along the top corridor -- stops by a window -~ and
text: takes out the dayplanner -- the screen reads, "ENCRYPTION
text: COMPLETED". Bond pulls up a "TRANSMIT" menu and chooses
text: "STATION MOSCOW" from a long list -- as it’s activated --
scene_heading: IN THE INTERNAL SECURITY CONTROL ROOM - A LIGHT
text: starts to flash on the computer schematic of the building --
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: He’s trying to transmit out of the
dialog: compound --
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #2
dialog: 60 -- use it to track him --
text: The second technician, working the helicopter joystick, flies
dialog: it_up and does exactly that --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: stands by the window -~ the screen on the dayplanner is flashing
scene_heading: "TRANSMITTING" -- as --
dialog: - smok: ass window he’s ‘ront 8 SHA’
text: from the mini-helicopter, hovering there --
text: ~~ Bond dives away from the flying glass and bullets -- and
scene_heading: ind w_of Bi S_S iG PA ehi
dialog: him as he goes --
scene_heading: IN THE LEVEL BENEATH BOND - THE INTERNAL SECURITY GUARDS
text: see the shape of Bond moving above through the translucent
text: floor -- the commander runs to track with him, YELLING for his
dialog: men to follow him --
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
text: who’s running like hell through the file corridor -- looking for
text: a way out -- as he moves we see --
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BUILDING ~ THE MINI-HELICOPTER
dialog: is in he same direct --
scene_heading: IN THE INTERNAL SECURITY COMPOUND - THE TECHNICIAN
text: is using the transmission signal to guide the helicopter, as
text: gleeful as if this were a video game -~- on the schematic of the
text: building, a flashing red light is moving --
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
text: running through the labyrinthine stacks -- he’s coming up on a
dialog: cul-de-sac --
scene_heading: IN THE INTERNAL SECURITY CONTROL ROOM - A TECHNICIAN
text: watches as the red light moves toward the end -~
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (into radio)
text: He’s cornered as soon as he reaches the
dialog: end of that hallway --
scene_heading: IN THE FILE ROOM’S LOWER LEVEL - THE COMMANDER
text: is running under Bond's moving shape -- and MOTIONS his men to
text: run ahead and take position under the ceiling to fire up ~-
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BUILDING - THE MINI-HELICOPTER
text: moves ahead too ~~ there’s a window at this position -- so it
text: HOVERS there -- the camera and machine guns PIVOT around in
dialog: preparation to fire --
scene_heading: IN THE FILE ROOM’S LOWER LEVEL - THE INTERNAL SECURITY GUARDS
text: get into firing position -- and the shape above them abruptly
text: -- and all of them OPEN FIRE with a devastating
text: four-way FUSILLADE through the ceiling that continues as --
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE WINDOW - THE MINI-HELICOPTER
text: also BLAZES machine gun fire through the window -- but -- the
text: mini-helicopter’s CAMERA ZOOMS through the shattered window --
scene_heading: IN INTERNAL SECURITY COMPOUND - MONITOR POV
text: The "shape" the guards were chasing is a file cart -- which
text: has Bond’s dayplanner open on it -- as bullets from below FLY
text: everywhere, knocking clouds of dust off the shelves and files,
text: we hear a small BEEP under the deafening GUNSHOTS --
dialog: 55.
text: -- the monitor POV ZOOMS IN close enough to read the
text: dayplanner’s screen as the command reads "TRANSMISSION
text: COMPLETED" -- and is replaced by "SELF DESTRUCTION" --
scene_heading: -- “INITIATED" —-
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BUILDING - THE EXPLOSION
text: takes out an entire corner of this floor of the Lubyanka
text: compound -- the BLAST sears the helicopter, knocking it back
dialog: and out of control -- just as --
scene_heading: IN THE LOWER LEVEL - THE INTERNAL SECURITY GUARDS
text: scatter as the roof falls in and a cascade of flaming binders
text: and shelving collapses on them -- meanwhile --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: is at the opposite end of the chaos, where the helicopter
text: first shot out a window ~-- obviously, he doubled back after
text: putting the dayplanner on the cart.
text: Bond moves to the window’s narrow ledge -- and ‘jumps above --
scene_heading: IN THE INTERNAL SECURITY CONTROL ROOM - A TECHNICIAN
text: is looking desperately at the monitors and sensors --
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Where is he?
text: The other technician taps him on the shoulder -- and points out
text: the window, for an excellent view of Bond climbing onto the
dialog: roof --
scene_heading: ON THE ROOF OF THE BUILDING - BOND
text: sprints across to get to the front of the compound -- as --
text: GUARDS ON THE OPPOSITE CORNER OF THE ROOF
text: spot Bond -~ and start firing at him --
text: ~~ but as Bond keeps running, he goes past an array of
dialog: cat enn. a shi -- the bullets TEAR them to
text: pieces as they momentarily shield Bond -~
text: -~ Bond reaches the end of the line -- and --
scene_heading: AT THE ROOF’S EDGE - BOND
text: stops and looks down --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - "WORLD OF CHILDREN"
text: is across the street -- there’s a rat trap screen, three stories
dialog: up, that runs the length of the building -- it might be able
dialog: to hold him --
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: guesses the odds of surviving a jump that’s twenty feet across
text: and sixty feet down, into a very uncertain net -- behind him --
scene_heading: THE INTERNAL SECURITY GUARDS
text: are bolstered as several more show up through a roof entrance,
text: led by the commander -- all point their weapons at Bond --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: turns -- there’s no other way -- he prepares to jump -- but --
text: -- the mini-helicopter rises over the roof’s ledge -- it’s
text: carbonized from the explosion, but still extremely
text: operational -- the camera, and the twin machine guns, track
text: toward Bond as it rises up -- Bond looks back to
scene_heading: THE OTHER END OF THE ROOF - XENIA
text: emerges behind the internal security guards -- and pulls out
dialog: her automatic --
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: Shoot to kill --
dialog: (commander hesitates)
dialog: To kill, commander --
text: The commander gives the order -- the men FIRE across the roof
dialog: at Bond --
text: BOND LEAPS FROM THE LEDGE
text: directly up toward the skids of the mini-helicopter -- which
text: also FIRES at Bond, but he’s below the line of fire --
text: -- Bond grabs the skids of the helicopter and hangs on -~ the
text: force of Bond’s leap TWISTS the copter around -~
text: -- the mini-helicopter’s GUNFIRE forces the guards on the roof
dialog: to scatter -- and --
scene_heading: IN THE INTERNAL SECURITY CONTROL ROOM - THE WINDOW
text: is shattered by the GUNFIRE -- the technicians dive under
text: the console and grope up to turn off the machine guns --
text: BOND GRIPPING THE SKIDS OF THE HELICOPTER
text: The helicopter is now facing the street -- the force of Bond’s
text: weight, which is far more than the copter was meant to hold, has
text: it diving directly down the street --
speaker_heading: XENIA
text: won’t give up -- she runs across the roof, FIRING her automatic
text: down at Bond, some of the bullets SPARKING off the blade --
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: BOND ON HELICOPTER - EIGHTY FEET UP
text: Bond is heading straight down the street that leads to the
text: Kremlin, eight stories over the traffic and dropping fast -- but
text: by extending his legs to direct his weight and by pulling on the
text: skids, he steers the copter like an awkward hang glider --
speaker_heading: XENIA
text: empties the clip at Bond to no effect -- and hits her radio --
speaker_heading: XENIA
text: Cut off the helicopter’s power --
scene_heading: IN THE INTERNAL SECURITY CONSOLE
text: The technician throws a switch that shuts off the engine -
scene_heading: BOND ON THE HELICOPTER
text: is still five stories up when the engine’s WHIRRING is
text: silenced -- the rotor completely STOPS and the helicopter
dialog: goes dead --
text: -- Bond, still clutching the skids, starts to fall straight
dialog: down
text: -- but the rotor reverses direction and goes into
text: autorotation from the drag of the fall -- it slows Bond just
dialog: enough for a relatively smooth landing --
text: BOND TOUCHES DOWN ON A MOVING STREETCAR
text: tracking down the street, past the Kremlin and toward the Moskva
text: River -- Bond gets his footing on the streetcar’s roof as the
text: helicopter lands in a heap next to him --
scene_heading: THE HELICOPTER’S CAMERA LENS
text: WHIRRS and pans toward Bond -- ng W. chi Ss --
scene_heading: THE INTERNAL SECURITY CONSOLE ~ MONITOR POV ~ BOND
text: is reaching under the helicopter --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Das _vadanya --
text: The image shorts out to a field of electronic snow -- as --
scene_heading: BOND AND HELICOPTER ON TOP OF STREETCAR
text: Bond has taken the machine guns that were to fire at him --
text: and aimed them at the camera and the body of the helicopter,
text: both of which EXPLODE in a SHOWER of SPARKS --
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: OVER XENIA’S SHOULDER - ON LUBYANKA ROOFTOP
text: S She and we watch Bond kick the helicopter off the streetcar --
text: it plunges into the Moskva River as the streetcar passes the
text: Kremlin. Bond leaps off the roof -- and runs down the street to
dialog: momentary safety as we --
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEAR GORKY PARK - CHESS CAFE - DAY
text: This dark, dusty establishment is devoted to two things:
text: drinking thick Russian coffee and playing chess. There are
text: several dozen players inside, mostly old men, contemplating each
text: other’s moves. There’s little conversation -- what can be heard
text: here is low and quiet. At one table --
text: -- Romaly is alone -- but this hasn’t stopped him from playing a
text: game of chess anyway. He moves a black piece -- and turns the
text: board around. After a moment -- he moves a white piece -- as --
speaker_heading: BOND ARRIVES
text: and sits down. As they speak, they keep their voices low --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: Your move.
speaker_heading: eo BOND
dialog: (eyes sparse black pieces)
dialog: You haven’t left me much.
text: After looking at the board for five seconds -- Bond decisively
dialog: moves a bishop up --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: You’re in an unwinnable position, James --
dialog: I’ve been replaying the 1962 game in which
dialog: grandmaster Botvinnik was defeated by
dialog: Petrosian.
dialog: (makes move)
dialog: I know I said you should wait until
dialog: morning to provoke the opposition -- but
text: blowing large holes in the Lubyanka is not
dialog: what I had in mind.
dialog: beat)
dialog: M is furious. You understand that London
dialog: has had to tell the Russian government
dialog: you’ve gone rogue. We’re going to have to
dialog: get you out of the country, in secret, as
dialog: quickly as possible.
dialog: Bond makes a simple pawn move -~
speaker_heading: S BOND
dialog: Did you receive my transmission?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: Yes. I checked on the scientists
dialog: personally. All eight of them worked in
dialog: high positions at the Soviet weapons
dialog: research complex -- Arzamas Sixteen. And
dialog: all eight have died in the last week -~
dialog: in apparent "accidents" the Russians must
dialog: have engineered.
dialog: (makes move)
dialog: All but one.-
text: Bond moves a piece up -- and tries to conceal his interest --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: The woman? Marina Varoskaya?
text: Romaly moves again -- claiming the piece Bond just moved -- and
text: shakes his head. Bond tries to hide a flash of disappointment.
speaker_heading: ROMALY
text: A gas explosion.
dialog: (beat)
text: The only survivor is Alexei Makvenio. He’s
dialog: overseeing the destruction of the nuclear
dialog: warheads in Kazakhstan.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you think that’s why the Russians let
dialog: him live?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: This isn’t a Russian operation, Romaly.
dialog: Pushkin had no idea the assassinations
dialog: were taking place. Someone’s playing us
text: and the Russians off against each other.
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: Such as --?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (considers board)
dialog: The woman who led me into the Lubyanka
dialog: used to work for Trevelyan. Perhaps she
dialog: still does.
dialog: (makes move)
dialog: Trevelyan said he was looking for a new
dialog: game. I think this is it.
text: Romaly -- who was moving his pieces by rote -- now seems
text: thrown -- Bond’s pieces have surrounded his king --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: That’s a very broad leap, James --
dialog: (finally makes move)
dialog: -- it is a bad idea to let hatred rule
dialog: your judgement.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I/1l need some documentation, Romaly.
dialog: Before I leave Russia -- I have to make a
dialog: side trip to Kazakhstan.
dialog: 60.
text: Bond makes a final, decisive move -- Romaly looks all over the
dialog: D board for an answer that isn’t there --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: If it is Trevelyan -- and it’s a game he
dialog: wants -- he’s going to get one.
dialog: (confirms obvious)
dialog: Mate.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KAZAKHSTAN - GEGELEN HILLS ~ DAWN
text: With the desert behind, and the mountains ahead, it’s clear
dialog: there’s virtually no civilization in this part of the world,
text: outside of the atomic testing installation in the hills. A
text: single paved road leads along the desert up to one of the
text: hilis -- with a matching railroad track that runs parallel.
dialog: The track and the road part company when you reach one of these
text: hills -- the track runs down to the hill’s base and a freight
text: entrance -- and the road runs up to a monitoring station that’s
text: on the hill’s top. Access to both is barred by a young Russian
text: guard name tagged ROSSKOVITCH manning a barricade.
dialog: Today there’s interest in the area -- there are a lot of cars
text: and trailers, camped out at the checkpoint. Microphones and
text: satelites tell us they’re the press, now swarming around a NATO
text: S SPOKESMAN, reading from a statement --
speaker_heading: NATO SPOKESMAN
dialog: In two hours, Dr. Alexei Makvenio, of the
dialog: Russian Defense Ministry, will detonate
text: the nuclear device, which has a twenty
text: kiloton yield, underground at a depth of
dialog: thirteen hundred feet. It will effectively
dialog: destroy three hundred warheads from the
dialog: former Soviet arsenal. After that -- the
dialog: testing site will be closed for good.
text: (a reporter shouts a
dialog: question)
dialog: No -- there’s no danger the blast can set
dialog: off any of the warheads -- the explosive
text: triggers are in the chamber, but they’re
dialog: not directly wired to the warheads --
dialog: (to another)
dialog: -- yes -- the site has been thoroughly
dialog: inspected by a United Nations team to
dialog: verify that the warheads are there --
dialog: (to another)
dialog: -- no -- the monitoring station will not
dialog: be operated -- previous blasts have made
dialog: the hillside slightly unstable --
text: As the expositionary din continues, we notice the dust of a
text: four-wheel drive vehicle driving up the road --
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: AT THE WHEEL - MARINA
text: heads toward the barricade -- as she does, she yanks a
text: "pull-out" car stereo from the dashboard -- puts it on the seat
text: next to her -- and takes a screwdriver from the glove
dialog: compartment -~-
scene_heading: AT THE BARRICADE - ROSSKOVITCH
text: signals for Marina to stop. She lowers her window --
speaker_heading: ROSSKOVITCH
dialog: (bored)
dialog: No press allowed inside -- park there --
text: Marina officiously takes out an ID card with a younger picture
text: of her on it -- her Arzamas Sixteen identification --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (offended)
dialog: I am not "press" --
dialog: (motions to seat)
dialog: -- I am delivering the bomb’s triggering
dialog: circuitry.
text: Rosskovitch looks down at the seat -- the stereo, with its back
text: removed, is a bewildering jumble of circuitry. Rosskovitch
text: glances, in turn, at the "trigger", the ID card, and Marina’s
text: glowering, condescending expression as she lights a cigarette --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Do you want to let me pass -- or do you
dialog: want me to tell Dr. Makvenio that --
dialog: (reads name tag)
dialog: -- private Rosskovitch thinks a nuclear
dialog: weapon should be exploded with a
dialog: firecracker’s fuse?
text: THE BAR ACROSS THE ROAD RISES
text: as Rosskovitch backs up in a cloud of cigarette smoke -- and
text: Marina’s car moves forward toward the main hill, and up to --
scene_heading: THE MONITORING STATION
text: which is a relatively simple, relatively small building that’s
text: on the hill’s top. Near it is a no-frills cage elevator that
dialog: looks like something you’d find in a mine.
text: Marina parks her car next to the only other vehicle -- takes a
text: shoulder bag out of her car -- and gets into
speaker_heading: THE ELEVATOR
dialog: We ride it down with her -- all the way down, to emphasize
dialog: that we’re going half a mile into the earth. At the bottom is --
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: THE NUCLEAR BLAST CHAMBER’S CORRIDOR
text: This central, circular part of the underground center is huge --
text: a gigantic cavern, surrounded by the seared remains of other
text: tests in the closed shafts that spoke outward. A small rail
text: system for handcars runs in from the side -- the only other
text: way out of this place -- and an inch thick Corrtex cable hangs
text: from a shaft drilled through the rock’s ceiling, weighted by a
text: massive seismic sensor.
text: Only one test shaft remains open -~ test chamber twelve. Marina
text: heads toward this shaft -- smiling with relief when she sees -—
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Alexei!
scene_heading: AT THE SHAFT DOOR ~ ALEXEI
text: making last minute preparations for the blast, turns around,
text: color draining from his face, as Marina runs up to hin.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Thank God you’re still alive.
dialog: Meanwhile -- back at --
scene_heading: THE ROAD’S BARRICADE - BOND
text: drives up -- and rolls his window down for Rosskovitch --
speaker_heading: ROSSKOVITCH
dialog: No press allowed inside -- turn around
dialog: and park there --
text: Bond produces an authentic looking United Nations ID card for
text: Rosskovitch to squint at.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I am not with the press -- I’m with the
dialog: inspection tean.
text: Rosskovitch motions toward the real inspection team, which is
text: fielding questions from reporters.
speaker_heading: ROSSKOVITCH
dialog: The site has been inspected already --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (haughty)
dialog: ~~ and my orders are to thoroughly
dialog: inspect it again -- unless --
dialog: (reads name tag)
dialog: -- private Rosskovitch -- you’d like to
dialog: tell the world press what the Russian
dialog: government wants to hide from the United
dialog: Nations.
text: Rosskovitch -- exasperated at this point -- raises the bar --
text: and Bond drives past, up to the monitoring station.
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TEST CHAMBER - MARINA AND ALEXEI
text: S Marina is wrapping up an animated explanation. Alexei, for his
text: part, is obviously rattled by Marina’s presence, not the story.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: I checked, Alexei. Except for us,
dialog: everyone who worked on the Tempest
dialog: program at Arzamas Sixteen has been
dialog: killed. They’ve tried to get me twice
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: ALEXEI
dialog: If this is true, Marina -- what can we
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: There’s only one thing we can do -~-
text: She pulls out a diskette from her shoulder bag -- which also
text: contains her computer.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: There’s are reporters out there from all
dialog: over the world. I’ve reconstructed enough
dialog: of the project data on this disk that you
dialog: and I can convince them that the weapon
text: exists. With disarmament going on, the
dialog: government will have to shut Tempest
dialog: down. It’s the only way we’1l both be
dialog: safe.
text: Alexei pauses, and doesn’t answer. Doubt -- and a little
text: shame -- flicker across his face -- as --
text: -- from behind, Marina gets a devastating crack on the back of
text: the head, and crumples to the ground, unconscious.
text: FROM OUT OF THE TEST CHAMBER ~ ILLYA
text: emerges with a machine gun, wearing a Russian military uniform
text: and a satisfied expression. Alexei looks down, ashen, as Illya
text: picks up the diskette.
speaker_heading: ILLYA
dialog: Trevelyan was right --
dialog: Shaps disk in half)
dialog: -- she did want to protect her old mentor.
scene_heading: UP IN THE MONITORING STATION ~ BOND
text: walks into the trailer, where the monitoring equipment --
text: thermographic computers and the other end of the Corrtex cable,
text: housed in a cylinder with a spool over it -- lays idle. Ona
text: chair in front of one of the consoles is a jacket -- and a
text: dD briefcase. Bond opens the case and rifles through it.
text: Except for the fact that most of the documents are in Cyrillic,
text: this looks pretty ordinary.
dialog: 64.
text: Bond’s blank expression tells us there are no documents of
text: importance here -- he shuts the case and puts it back where he
text: found it. But as he does -- something grabs his attention --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - ON THE HANDLE
text: of the case -- one end of it bulges in an unusual way.
text: Bond rips open the seam on the handle, revealing the core of the
text: handle is a simple, small ivory object with a design carved
dialog: into one end. Nothing high tech at all. But even though we have
text: no idea what this thing is, Bond’s expression reveals he knows
dialog: exactly what it is -- and what it’s for. Meanwhile --
scene_heading: DOWN IN TEST CHAMBER TWELVE - CLOSE ON MARINA’S LIMP BODY
text: being dropped by Illya into an empty, coffin-sized bomb casing
text: cylinder. Illya CLANGS the cylinder shut --
speaker_heading: ILLYA
dialog: Don’t worry, Makvenio -- she’s alive --
scene_heading: ALEXEI AND ILLYA - BY THE CYLINDER
text: Alexei looks sickened as Illya seals the cylinder shut with a
text: locking pin -- Illya is amused at Alexei’s squeamishness.
speaker_heading: ILLYA
dialog: -- at least until your bomb goes off.
text: WIDE ON THE TEST CHAMBER ITSELF
text: We see the cylinder is on the handcart, halfway down the test
text: shaft itself. The entrance from the main chamber is about
text: seventy feet across ~- the widest point. As it moves down a
text: steep forty-five degree slope, the chamber narrows as it gets
text: closer to the end, about seventy five yards down, where the
text: chamber is only six inches across. Here is where the bomb --
text: and its timer -- is housed.
text: The chamber is also notably segmented into five zones,
text: seperated by irising blast doors that are at least four
text: and now open -- and a small cargo rail system runs
text: down the center of it.
dialog: The other thing we notice about the chamber is that there are
dialog: inside -- some casings eight
text: feet long, some shorter, all neatly stacked horizontally, like
text: cordwood, in the wider parts of the chamber, held back from
text: tumbling down the chamber by a network of steel chains.
text: The chamber suddenly ECHOES with the GRIND of the elevator in
text: the outer chamber as Alexei and Illya move the casing with
text: Marina in with the other warheads. Illya glares at Alexei --
speaker_heading: ILLYA
dialog: Expecting anyone else?
text: Alexei anxiously moves up to the main chamber --
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: IN THE MAIN CHAMBER - BOND
text: gets out of the elevator, in a smock and with a clipboard --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Dr. Makvenio?
dialog: (arrogant)
dialog: I’ve come to talk about your rather
dialog: obvious attempt to misuse Russian military
dialog: technology.
text: Alexei is all innocent surprise as he approaches Bond --
speaker_heading: ALEXEI
dialog: To what are you referring? Doctor -- ?
scene_heading: IN_THE TEST CHAMBER - ILLYA
text: is behind one of the warhead clusters -- he slams the bolt
text: back on his machine gun --
speaker_heading: BOND (0.S.)
dialog: Dr. Burton. I’m afraid you know perfectly
dialog: well what I’m talking about, Dr. Makvenio.
speaker_heading: BOND AND ALEXEI
text: head toward the chamber, Bond essentially bulldozing his way in,
text: Alexei trailing behind.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: The United Nations has learned that the
dialog: Russian government plans to detonate a
dialog: much larger nuclear device than approved
dialog: -- so you can monitor the information for
dialog: new weapons research.
text: They reach the inside of the chamber -- Alexei tries to steer
text: him out, but this only persuades Bond to press on -=
speaker_heading: ALEXEI
dialog: That’s ridiculous, Dr. Burton -- we have a
dialog: Corrtex seismic measurement for
dialog: verification purposes, as you see, but --
dialog: (points to computers)
dialog: -- the thermographic computers have been
dialog: disconnected. We will receive no
text: developmental data from the explosion.
text: Bond eyes the chamber with renewed interest as they move down --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: -- and the blast doors, Makvenio?
speaker_heading: ALEXEI
dialog: (concedes)
dialog: Well -- the chamber was designed for
dialog: weapons research -- it just has not been
dialog: used until now.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: ALEXEI
dialog: The doors were meant to stifle the
text: detonation at different levels.
dialog: (as they walk down)
dialog: The top zone would simulate a thirty mile
dialog: distance from the blast -- relative safety
dialog: -- this area simulates a ten mile distance
dialog: -- total devastation -- and this zone
dialog: would be three miles from the blast --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: -- total incineration.
text: Bond’s mask slips a notch as he considers --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You’re simulating the effects of a nuclear
text: blast at thirty miles -- in a conical
dialog: chamber for a shaped detonation --
dialog: (it clicks into place)
dialog: -- which enhances the effect of an
dialog: electromagnetic pulse. That principle
text: transfers nicely into satelite weaponry,
dialog: doesn’t it, Doctor?
dialog: (drops act, draws gun)
dialog: Trevelyan must have paid you handsomely
dialog: for it. Now let’s have a talk with --
text: There is a SOUND behind Bond <- he whirls, but is too late --
text: Illya comes from behind one of the warhead casings and smashes
text: the back of Bond’s head with his machine gun.
text: Bond collapses to the ground, nearly unconscious -- Illya bends
text: down and takes Bond’s gun.
speaker_heading: ILLYA
dialog: I don’t want any more surprises, Makvenio.
text: Set the bomb to go off early.
speaker_heading: ALEXEI
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: ILLYA
dialog: But what? The Russians will fire you? In
dialog: two days you’ll be able to buy half of
dialog: Moscow. And your cover is already blown.
dialog: (motions with gun)
dialog: Move. Give us thirty minutes to get out.
text: As Alexei moves down to the bottom, where the bomb is housed in
text: the wall -- Bond starts to stir. Illya is enjoying himself.
speaker_heading: ILLYA
dialog: So this is James Bond. I can’t say I’m
dialog: impressed.
scene_heading: AT "GROUND ZERO" - ALEXEI
text: is at the bomb’s control panel -- he runs a magnetic keycard
text: through it, then enters a code combination into a keypad --
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: IN LEVEL TWO - BOND AND ALEXEI
text: Bond sits up -- looks at Illya --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Tllya Borchenko, isn’t it?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Haven't heard anything about you since you
dialog: botched that Stasi job in Zagreb.
dialog: (rubbing it in)
dialog: Trevelyan must be hard up for help to put
dialog: a cockup artist like you back to work.
text: This hits a nerve -- Illya savagely kicks Bond in the face,
dialog: forcing him back --
speaker_heading: ILLYA
dialog: You look pretty clever down there, Bond --
dialog: (steadies gun)
dialog: -- but in half an hour I/1l be on my way
dialog: to St. Petersburg -- and you’1l be
text: bleeding to death in the middle of ground
dialog: zero --
text: Illya aims the machine gun down at Bond’s legs --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOND’S HAND - AN IRON BAR
text: from the rail’s handcart is a centimeter away -- Bond’s grip
dialog: closes around it --
scene_heading: BOND AND ILLYA - LEVEL TWO
text: As Illya aims down and pulls the trigger -~- Bond swings the
text: bar up against Illya’s arm -- a BURST of machine gun fire goes
text: wild, down the chamber’s center --
scene_heading: TIGHT ON ALEXEI’S FACE
text: which clenches in a terminal expression -- some of the bullets
text: have caught him in the back -~ he collapses and sinks
dialog: down -- dead --
text: CLOSE ON THE BOMB’S CONTROLS
text: which have been spattered with Alexei’s blood -- as Alexei’s
text: hand slides off the keypad, we can see he wasn’t able to enter
text: the last zero in_"30:00.00" -~ the timer reads 3:00.00 as
text: Alexei’s hand slides off and hits an initiator button -~
text: -- the timer races down from three minutes in one-hundredth
scene_heading: sec ncre! “- 2359.00 -- 2:58:00 -- as --
scene_heading: FURTHER UP - BOND AND ILLYA
text: Bond slams Illya again with the bar, knocking him onto the
text: handeart -- Bond swings the bar at the brake, and the cart
text: runs down the rail -- Illya is on his back but still FIRES his
text: machine gun up at Bond as the cart tracks down -- meanwhile --
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE EMPTY CASING -— MARINA
text: is awakened by the GUNFIRE -- she desperately starts banging
text: on the inside of the casing, trying to get out -- as --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: ducks behind the warhead casings -- Illya’s BULLETS ricochet
text: all_over the warheads -- as Bond crosses up one level, sticking
text: close to the warheads for cover, we see -~
text: ONE OF THE WARHEADS SIZZLING AND SPARKING
dialog: where it was struck by gunfire -~ there’s no risk of a nuclear
dialog: blast here, but these still have high e osive tri
scene_heading: BY A CHAIN BARRIER - BOND
text: runs up through the third level -- above the blast door, there
text: is a flashing red Cyrillic warning -- and a timer reading
scene_heading: 1:40.00 -- 1:39.00 --
text: -- Bond realizes he has to get out of there fast -~ and starts
text: to run up the rest of the way -- but hears a banging in one of
dialog: the warhead groupings --
text: -~ Bond pauses, trying to figure out which cylinder it’s coming
text: from -- when he finds the right one, which is standing upright,
text: and pulls a release pin, he looks in, astonished and pleased --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You're alive --
scene_heading: THE CASING OPENS - MARINA
text: is inside -- and recognizes Bond ~- frightened as she is, she
text: actually looks more angry -- “
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (with hatred)
dialog: Keep trying -- ty negodiay --
text: Marina grabs the top of the casing -~ and bracing against it,
text: she give Bond a powerful kick in the stomach --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: wasn’t quite expecting this -~ he reels back toward the rail
dialog: line of the chamber --
text: -- and subsequently into Illya’s line of fire -- BULLETS
text: stitch around the concrete and the warheads --
speaker_heading: ILLYA
text: is running up the slanted path, a level down from Bond --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: dives back into the opposite warhead grouping for cover --
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: ON BOMB’S COUNTDOWN CLOCK
scene_heading: -- 0250.00 -- 0:49.00 -- meanwhile --
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: weaves up and through the maze of warhead groupings -- and
text: runs out of the top level, to safety -~ as she runs out, she
text: hits a button on a top level control panel -- and --
scene_heading: THE FIRST BLAST DOOR
text: at the chamber’s bottom irises shut in front of the bomb --
scene_heading: BEHIND THE OPPOSITE GROUP OF WARHEADS - LEVEL THREE - BOND
text: is pinned as Illya comes up -- there’s nowhere for him to go, up
dialog: or down -- the warheads are too densely packed here --
scene_heading: BOND'S POV -- THROUGH WARHEAD CASINGS ~ ILLYA
text: is moving up to a position where he can shoot Bond -- as --
speaker_heading: L iO = Ss B: DOO.
text: irises shut with an irreversible CLANG, easily crushing the
text: handcart that was lying in its path, as if it were made of
dialog: cardboard instead of steel -- as --
scene_heading: ILLYA’S POV - THROUGH WARHEAD CASINGS -~ BOND
dialog: is visible --
scene_heading: ON LEVEL THREE - ILLYA
text: smiles and prepares to shoot Bond -- but just above them --
scene_heading: ON LEVEL FOUR - THE WARHEAD
text: that was SPARKING actually ignites an electrical fire -- the
text: high explosive trigger detonates --
dialog: -- e on SNAPS tl ha i at t ark ‘
dialog: cyl rs lace -- th rhe rol ose
text: avalanche, breaking the chain of the grouping opposite them --
text: -- over a hundred nuclear warheads cascade down toward the
dialog: third level --
scene_heading: ON LEVEL THREE - BOND
text: lunges out at Illya, knocking him back and away as the
text: warheads rol] down, their impact SNAPPING the chains that hold
text: this level’s warheads -- as Bond struggles with Illya we see --
scene_heading: THE BOMB‘S TIMER
dialog: races down -- 0:25.00 -- 0:24.00 --
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: ON LEVEL THREE - BOND AND ILLYA
text: -- Bond slams Illya back and away as, above them, the third
text: blast door -- the only avenue of escape -~- starts to iris
text: shut -- Bond runs up toward it --
text: -- Illya is stuck on the rolling tide of missiles moving down --
dialog: but he still FIRES up at Bond --
text: -- bullets SPARK against the missiles that roll past Bond, more
text: SHOTS impact on the closing blast door -- he’s running like
dialog: hell but he’s not even close to --
scene_heading: THE THIRD BLAST DOOR
text: which knocks away some rolling warheads as it closes -- it
text: momentarily jams on one of the casings -- just as the door
text: GRINDS, shoving the casing loose, closing in --
text: -- Bond dives through the hole and to the other side --
text: BULLETS still streaking past him as he dives --
scene_heading: ON LEVEL FOUR - BOND
text: hits the floor in a roll, getting out of the way of a falling
text: warhead casing that BOOMS to the concrete, nearly crushing hin
text: -- he gets his footing and continues to run up the slanting
text: floor, serpentining and dodging around the rolling missiles --
text: which is suddenly made more difficult as all the pyrotechnics in
dialog: here have the lights winking out --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THE FOURTH BLAST DOOR
text: is irising to _a close -- and the timer mounted above it is
dialog: finishing too -- 0:05.00 -- 0:04.00 -- 0:03.00 -—
text: ON BOND RACING UP THE SLANTED FLOOR
text: Bond pours it on -- the gap is just under manhole size as --
text: BOND DIVES THROUGH THE BLAST DOOR HEAD FIRST
text: as it CLANGS shut right after him -- instead of bracing to land,
text: Bond cups his hands on his ears -- before he hits the floor --
scene_heading: THE BOMB’/S TIMER
text: hits 0:00.00 -- the screen fills with a BLINDING explosion --
scene_heading: NUCLEAR EXPLOSION POV - THE BLAST
dialog: t =~ e
text: start his scream, Illya’s gun melts as he’s vaporized against
text: the third blast wall -- and it too is demolished --
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: IN LEVEL FIVE - BOND
text: is still rolling from his leap, the ground shaking under him,
text: his hands over his ears from the DEAFENING blast -- he stares at
dialog: the outer blast door --
text: -- there is a SIZZLING, molten sound from inside the
text: chamber -- the other side of the door is probably slag -- but
dialog: it’s held.
text: Bond staggers out into the central chamber -- as
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HILL - MARINA
text: completes her run, stumbling out of the hill’s freight entrance.
text: She’s safe -- but the ground is still shaking --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: can feel it too as he moves out into the central chamber -- and
text: finds he’s not out of it yet -- he looks up --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THE CENTRAL CHAMBER’S CEILING IS CAVING IN
text: from the blast -- rocks are shearing off everywhere --
text: ~~ Bond looks to the elevator -- it crumples under the weight
dialog: of a cave-in --
text: -- Bond turns to the freight entrance -- but the tunnel to the
text: rail line also collapses from underneath -- the floor of the
text: chamber is opening too in a web of widening fissures --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks around, desperately -- there’s no way out -- but his eyes
dialog: lock in one direction ~~ and
text: BOND RUNS ACROSS THE CHAMBER
text: as the ceiling literally falls in around him and the floor
text: opens up underneath him -- one fissure is opening behind Bond’s
text: heels as he reaches the Corrtex seismic cable and jumps on top
text: of the sensor’s weight, grabbing the cable with one hand and
dialog: with another --
text: the weight drops off into the splitting floor -- as --
text: -- Bond hangs on to the cable, standing on the small disk that
text: anchored the cable to the weight as the release of the weight’s
text: tension sends the cable reeling back to its spool --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THE CABLE
text: is swinging dangerously as it shoots up toward the rock
text: ceiling above -- as rocks continue to fall around him, the cable
text: is drawn into the metal pipe --
dialog: 72.
text: -- the inside of the pipe’s shaft rushes past Bond -- the only
text: light in here is the violent SPARKING of the disk scraping
text: against the inside of the pipe -- until finally -- there’s a
text: crack of light at the top of the shaft --
scene_heading: BOND ON THE CABLE
text: Bond braces as the cable roughly brakes and comes to a halt at
dialog: the top --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MONITORING STATION ON THE HILLTOP - BOND
text: kicks open the door that houses the Corrtex cable -- and starts
text: out -- but the last thing he sees as he moves out is --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - FLE B' ROS:
text: dropping like a drill press against Bond’s forehead -- and we
dialog: arop to --
scene_heading: BLACK SCREEN ~ THE HIGH-PITCHED WHINE OF A BUZZSAW
dialog: This annoying sound brings us back to --
scene_heading: BOND‘S POV - OUT HELICOPTER DOOR - THE URAL MOUNTAINS
text: are below -- beneath one of the mountains is a forest that’s
text: being assualted by a logging camp at the base of a river
text: complete with a timber mill and a small helicopter wielding a
dialog: li ve f ck of cular .
speaker_heading: BOND
text: groggy, wakes up -- something dark etched into his face shows he
text: recognizes this spot. Bond is in a troop transport helicopter
text: in flight, his hands cuffed through a bar over his head. Ahead
text: in the cockpit, a PILOT radios something in Russian -- we can’t
text: tell what’s being said, but we do catch the word "Pushkin".
text: Sitting on a bench opposite Bond is Rosskovitch, whose scowl
dialog: tells us he was chewed out for letting Bond through. Next to
text: Bond is another Russian guard -- and sitting on the other side
text: of the guard is Marina, also cuffed, and now glaring at Bond.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (with hatred)
dialog: How many did you kill?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I didn’t kill any of them, Marina.
dialog: Listen to me -- you’re still in danger.
dialog: The control to Tempest has been stolen
dialog: from the Russians --
text: Rosskovitch gives Bond a warning kick, to shut him up --
speaker_heading: ROSSKOVITCH
dialog: atkne -_—
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: : BOND
dialog: I don’t think the Russians know how to
dialog: deactivate it -- and the Americans don’t
dialog: even know it exists --
dialog: Marina is rightly skeptical of Bond --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Why should I believe you?
text: The other Russian guard turns to Marina--
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (threatening)
dialog: Nyet! Zatkneis! --
dialog: Bond is frustrated -- he knows there’s no reason she should
dialog: trust him, but he has to convince her --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Believe anything you like -- but I just
dialog: heard them send for General Pushkin.
dialog: They’re taking us to a safehouse for
dialog: interrogation. Whatever happens, tell them
dialog: how to the thi --
text: The guard points a rifle threateningly in Marina’s face --
text: Bond kicks it away -- and the guard savagely slams Bond’s
text: head with his rifle.
text: Marina weighs Bond’s words -- as the helicopter reaches --
scene_heading: THE MOUNTAIN’S SUMMIT - A_ HUGE COUNTRY HOUSE
text: that’s three stories high is on the snowy mountaintop,
text: surrounded by a forest that runs down the mountainside. Near
text: the house is a frozen lake that is thawing -- the steep river
text: that flows down from the lake is fed from this -- a chunk of ice
text: breaks away from the lake and smashes down the rapids, as the
text: helicopter touches down and is surrounded by RUSSIAN GUARDS.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: tumbles back into unconsciousness -- as we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: VIEW OF MOUNTAIN AND COUNTRY HOUSE - LOW POV - NIGHT
dialog: Something is off-kilter here -- this is the same mountain and
dialog: country house, but we can see this isn’t the present, because
text: it’s a different season -- there’s no snow, no ice. The POV of
text: the house, lit up from inside, is from behind several trees --
dialog: it belongs to
scene_heading: A YOUNGER BOND
text: who is in a camoflage outfit, armed with a sniper’s rifle and
text: commando gear -- there are two other agents with him -- 003, a
text: man, and 005, a woman -- but it’s clear that Bond is in charge.
dialog: 74.
text: He signals for them to wait -- as he raises his binoculars --
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV OF HOUSE - THROUGH A PICTURE WINDOW
text: Trevelyan -- also looking younger -- is inside a salon that
text: looks pretty comfortable, except for the fact that he’s
text: surrounded by armed Russians -- and hooked up to a polygraph.
text: Trevelyan looks nervous --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: lowers the binoculars -- and gestures for the others to approach
dialog: the house at different angles --
text: WIDER ANGLE ON THE FOREST
text: as Bond and the other Double-Ohs move up through the treeline,
dialog: staying low to the ground --
text: -- we move back to Bond -- who is creeping along another group
text: of wild strawberry bushes -- his eyes fixed on --
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - OUSE’S S. W. OW
text: Trevelyan is removed from the polygraph’s wiring -~ and is
text: roughly shoved out of the room by the Russian guards ~--
speaker_heading: BOND
text: fixes his position low on a ridge -~ and readies his sniper
text: rifle, waiting -- as he does, he nonchalantly picks one of the
text: strawberries and pops it in his mouth --
speaker_heading: 003 AND 005
text: move up too -- belly-crawling seperately through a flat, wide
dialog: patch of strawberries --
scene_heading: AT THE HOUSE’S DOOR ~- TREVELYAN
text: is handcuffed and accompanied by two guards -- who shove him
dialog: toward a transport truck, to be taken elsewhere --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: fixes his eye on the scope -~ his finger on the trigger --
scene_heading: NIGHTSCOPE POV - THE CROSSHAIRS
text: are on Trevelyan as he’s moved through -- he and the Russian
text: guards are right next to the truck --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOND’S FACE
text: as he hesitates -- his finger frozen on the trigger -- he
dialog: makes a decision --
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: NIGHTSCOPE POV ~- THE CROSSHAIRS
text: shift from Trevelyan to one of the Russian guards -- Bond
text: fires and the guard falls -- the crosshairs move rapidly to
text: the other Russian guard, who Bond also kills --
text: -- leaving Trevelyan standing, frozen --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: lowers the rifle -- knows there’s only seconds -- and takes out
text: a flashlight -- he flashes it twice at Trevelyan --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN’S FACE
text: is briefly illuminated by the light -- he bends down and takes a
text: gun from one of the guards -- he starts running forward --
text: -- but he stops at the truck’s cab -- he reaches in and turns
text: on the headlights, which are aimed directly at --
speaker_heading: BOND’S POSITION
text: which is completely illuminated -- as is his astonished look
dialog: of betrayal --
text: -- other Russian guards fire at Bond -- Bond dives back under
text: the ridge as it’s chewed by machine gun fire --
scene_heading: WIDE ON ENTIRE AREA AS FLOODLIGHTS ILLUMINATE THE FOREST
dialog: ‘ine a 005 all 10: and or --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
text: takes the machine gun, and fires at 003 and 005 --
speaker_heading: 003 AND 005
text: are cut to pieces by the machine gun fire -- both fall dead
dialog: in their tracks in the strawberry field --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: is driven back, surrounded by gunfire from the guards -- he’s
text: forced to run through the forest to a position of safety -- from
text: behind a tree, he takes his binoculars and looks up --
scene_heading: Pov_- EV: ‘AN. AR I.
text: seem pretty chummy as the General takes off Trevelyan’s
text: handcuffs —~
speaker_heading: BOND
text: lowers the binoculars -- revealing that the shock of betrayal
text: has given way to hatred.
dialog: 76.
text: Bond runs down and into the night, as the CRACK of a gunshot
text: just misses Bond, filling the screen with blinding LIGHT --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: A IG Pi NG - A GROUP OF RUSSIAN NOBLES
text: are dancing around what appears to be a realistic balcony --
scene_heading: IN A GUEST ROOM - BOND
text: wakes up abruptly, where he’s been dumped in a chair, his hands
text: cuffed around a short marble column near a window. It’s
text: mid-afternoon. The room is a nicely furnished part of this
dialog: Russian safehouse. Obviously it’s meant to hold the better class
text: of prisoner -- but it is, unmistakably, a prison.
text: Bond looks around, shaking off the past and moving into the
text: present. He is more or less comfortably seated in the chair, but
text: cuffed to the column, he is immobile. He’s right next to a
text: picture window -- but the flecks of metal in the glass tell us
text: this is armored glass. Bond looks out the window -- there’s a
dialog: second-story view of --
scene_heading: THE FROZEN LAKE
text: And at the opposite end of the lake -- a battered single-engine
text: seaplane is tied to a dock on the ice.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: plants his feet on the throw rug of the floor -- and uses it to
text: drag over the wire screen in front of the fireplace.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY HOUSE ~ SALON - DAY
text: This is the same room we saw earlier -- nicely furnished, a fire
text: roaring in the fireplace, a huge picture window overlooking the
text: lake and the rest of the grounds.
text: But the room has some menacing fixtures as well. The room is
text: attractively soundproofed -- the picture window’s glass is
text: armored -- a teacart holds a tray with drugs and syringes -- and
text: behind a couch is a polygraph. Clearly this is a room that can
dialog: be as pleasant -- or as unpleasant -- as the occasion requires.
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: is seated on the couch, near the fire, with the polygraph wired
text: to her arm. Seated across from her is KOLKHAZHNA, a smooth KGB
text: interrogator, who calmly questions her in Russian. Kolkhazhna’s
text: ASSISTANT -- who is wearing a sidearm -- watches the needle
text: flutter behind her. Kolkhaznha’s manner is friendly, avuncular,
text: and well-trained -- clearly designed to put Marina at ease.
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
dialog: (switches to English)
dialog: Do you speak English fluently?
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Yes --
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
dialog: Did you speak in English with the other
dialog: prisoner while being transported here?
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Yes -- but --
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Just answer yes or no -- this is only a
text: preliminary debriefing. General Pushkin
dialog: will arrive soon for more thorough
dialog: questioning.
dialog: (presses on)
dialog: Do you have any prior relationship with
dialog: the other prisoner?
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (decisively)
dialog: No -~
speaker_heading: ON THE NEEDLE
text: -- it flutters widely across the scrolling paper --
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
text: looks intrigued as his assistant shakes his head. Meanwhile --
scene_heading: EXT. WIDE ON URAL MOUNTAINS - A MILITARY ATTACK HELICOPTER
text: approaches quickly, flying high over the range -- as -~
scene_heading: INSIDE THE GUEST ROOM - BOND
text: has dragged the fireplace screen over and yanked a wire out to
text: pick the lock of the handcuffs, but it’s a very awkward task --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SALON - KOLKHAZHNA
text: paces around in front of the picture window -- he is behind
dialog: Marina and his assistant --
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
dialog: (measured, firm)
dialog: I ask again -- do you have any prior
dialog: relationship with the other prisoner?
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: No -- I -- yes, we met once -- but --
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
dialog: In that meeting -- did you and the
dialog: prisoner discuss your plans to murder
dialog: Alexei Makvenio?
dialog: 78.
text: Marina is simultaneously angry and nervous -- it’s obvious where
dialog: this is heading --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: No -- he tried to kill me --
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
dialog: (amused now)
dialog: He tried to kill you -- are you certain
dialog: of that?
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (falters)
dialog: -- yes -~ yes, I am --
text: CLOSE ON THE NEEDLE
text: which flutters all over, registering an eight-point-five on the
dialog: bullshit scale --
scene_heading: OVER THE HOUSE - THE HELICOPTER
text: begins a slow descent --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SALON - KOLKHAZHNA
text: ices a bit -- and waves to the assistant to shut the machine
text: off. The assistant does, taking the wires off Marina, who
text: notices the change in Kolkhazhna’s manner.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You think I’m involved with him?
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
dialog: Miss Varoskaya --
dialog: (points to file)
dialog: -- your Zaprista shows you have a
dialog: history of security -- difficulties --
dialog: which were tolerated because of your
dialog: scientific and mathematical gifts.
dialog: (picks up question sheet)
dialog: Now -- you admit meeting with the foriegn
dialog: spy prior to today. You admit breaking
dialog: into a military installation to find Dr.
dialog: Makvenio --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (protests)
dialog: -- to warn Makvenio --
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
dialog: -- in the same military installation, the
dialog: other prisoner was captured at precisely
dialog: the same time you were discovered inside.
text: As Kolkhazhna speaks -- the military helicopter HOVERS into
text: view in front of the window -- it can’t be heard due to the
text: room’s soundproofing.
dialog: 79.
text: Kolkhazhna sees it and nonchalantly waves acknowledgement, as it
text: looks like it’s landing -- then turns his back on it to continue
dialog: his theorizing --
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
dialog: -- now Makvenio is dead -- and on your way
dialog: here, you and the prisoner conducted a
dialog: conversation in English for secrecy.
text: Kolkhazhna tosses the question sheet onto the couch -- as he
text: does -- the helicopter not only doesn’t land -- it pivots to
dialog: face the window head on --
text: -- we see but can’t hear as it fires a side mounted missile
text: that rockets toward the window --
speaker_heading: KOLKHAZHNA
dialog: How would you add up this particular
dialog: equation, Miss Varoskaya?
text: Marina turns around to address this -- and sees --
scene_heading: MARINA’S POV - OUT THE WINDOW - THE MISSILE
text: speeding directly toward the window -- it’s inches away as -—
scene_heading: IN THE SALON - MARINA
text: doesn’t even get time to scream -- the momentary silence in the
text: room is filled with the sound of the missile i
text: the armored glass, destroying it -- Kolkhazhna is thrown
text: across the room, as is his assistant -- the room is a storm of
dialog: fire, smoke and glass --
text: -- Marina is shielded a bit by the couch -- she is hurled
text: against a bookcase as furniture blows across the room like toys
dialog: in a doll’s house --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER - TREVELYAN
text: is in the co-pilot’s seat, not Pushkin -- behind him are
text: Savatier, Morley and four other assassins, each carrying
dialog: assualt rifles and dressed to kill --
scene_heading: IN THE GUEST ROOM - BOND
text: is several rooms away but can still feel the impact of the
text: explosion -- he goes to work on the handcuff lock with renewed
dialog: urgency -- as -~
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE ON HOUSE - THE HELICOPTER
text: fires another side-mounted missile low to the first floor of
dialog: the house -- it impacts against --
scene_heading: A COMMUNICATIONS CENTER
text: that is blown to bits, killing most of the Russians inside --
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER ~ TREVELYAN
text: smiles as the helicopter tracks left and upward -- he sees --
scene_heading: TREVELYAN’S POV THROUGH WINDOW ~— BOND
text: is a perfect target, handcuffed to the marble, visible through
text: this window -~- his eyes lock on Trevelyan’s --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER ~ TREVELYAN
dialog: turns to the pilot --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: You may fire when ready.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE GUEST ROOM ~- BOND
text: desperately manipulates the wire in the cuff’s lock as behind
text: him, the helicopter turns to face the window directly --
text: - e miss ‘se ust FI ~- it speeds toward the
dialog: window -- as it does -~
text: -- a tiny CLICK tells us Bond has finally opened the cuff --
text: he rips it off his hand, diving across the room as --
text: THE MISSILE IMPACTS AGAINST THE ARMORED GLASS
text: -- the glass rips through the room like grenade shrapnel -~
text: -- Bond half-ducks, is half-blasted, behind a couch -- as part
text: of the ceiling falls in on him ~-
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HOUSE - THE HELICOPTER
text: touches down ~~ as it does, Savatier, Morley and the other
text: assassins run out, automatic weapons ready --
speaker_heading: TWO ASSASSINS
text: move around the house, mowing down Russian guards that are
dialog: positioned there -- as --
scene_heading: SAVATIER AND MORLEY
text: move into the house -- parts are fire, and emergency
dialog: lighting is on --
text: -- the two split up, killing without question everyone in
dialog: their path -~ we note that Morley, in addition to having a
text: machine gun, has a flame thrower strapped to his back --
scene_heading: IN THE GUEST ROOM’S WRECKAGE - PART OF THE CEILING PAINTING
text: is shoved aside as Bond, bloodied, struggles from the wreckage.
text: Bond heads for the door -- but before he reaches it --
text: -- Trevelyan moves into the doorway -- aiming a pistol at Bond
text: -- smiling easily. Triumphantly.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Pity destroying this place. I still pay it
dialog: a visit every spring.
dialog: (gestures outside)
dialog: The first strawberries of the season
text: always seem to show up over the graves of
dialog: 005 and 003.
text: There is the SOUND of rapid-fire shooting downstairs --
scene_heading: IN THE COMMUNICATIONS ROOM - THE DOOR
text: is kicked _in -- a female WORKER is frantic and at a radio
dialog: microphone, frightened, as --
speaker_heading: MORLEY
text: aims the nozzle of the flame thrower at her -- and blasts her
dialog: with it --
scene_heading: BACK IN THE GUEST ROOM - BOND AND TREVELYAN
text: Trevelyan maintains his distance from Bond -- ready to shoot at
text: any time. But Trevelyan is in no mood to rush things.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: I am genuinely sorry to have put you
dialog: through that charade years ago, James. But
dialog: when I defected, the Russians were
text: skeptical. The head of MI6 simply crosses
dialog: over? They thought I was laying out some
dialog: sort of trap for them.
text: Bond slowly edges back -- back toward the window, back toward a
dialog: certain pile of rubble --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: So to convince the Russians -- you set a
dialog: trap for me.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I persuaded them to leak news of my
dialog: "capture" through a diplomatic frequency I
dialog: knew Whitehall had tapped. I was certain
dialog: that you’d want to attempt a rescue.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I’m much obliged. After your visit, the
dialog: Russians believed every recognition cipher
dialog: -- every safehouse location -- every
dialog: operative’s name I supplied them with.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (quietly)
speaker_heading: BOND’S HAND
text: edges closer to a small, broken marble column atop some of the
dialog: rubble -- the perfect size for a club -- but --
dialog: 82.
dialog: -- an’s IRES twice -~- tin e_club -—
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
text: steps closer ~- gun levelled at Bond --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (angered)
dialog: An embarrassing, clumsy attempt. I’d hoped
dialog: we could be more dignified than this. As
dialog: you wish --
dialog: (hard)
dialog: On your knees -- face the wall.
text: Bond has no choice -- he drops to his knees -- Trevelyan moves
dialog: behind him --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: You must have had orders to kill me if I
dialog: couldn’t be rescued, so the Russians
dialog: wouldn’t interrogate me. I gave you one
dialog: clean shot. You chose not to take it.
dialog: (with finality)
dialog: Lock your hands behind your back.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOND‘S FACE
text: Bond winces as Trevelyan presses the gunbarrel_ against the base
dialog: of Bond’s skull --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Because you lacked the nerve to shoot me
dialog: back then, James -- it’s your finger on
dialog: this trigger, not mine --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (with contempt)
dialog: Go ahead -- shoot -- I only wish I could
dialog: see the look on your face two days from
dialog: now when you try to fire Tempest.
dialog: Trevelyan hesitates -~ as --
scene_heading: DO! THE - SAVATIER
text: systematically works through the house -- kicking in door after
text: door -- firing bursts of gunfire at anything that moves --
scene_heading: IN A HALLWAY - MORLEY
text: steps over the flaming body of a dead Russian GU. -_
scene_heading: IN_THE SALON - MARINA
text: is stunned from the blast -- and terrified at the SOUND of the
text: shooting, which is drawing nearer -- she pulls herself out of
text: the stone and wood that’s pinning her down --
text: -- and starts to dig in another pile of wreckage, where
text: Kolkhazna’s dead assistant is covered --
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: IN THE GUEST ROOM - BOND AND TREVELYAN
text: D Trevelyan is a bit off-balance ~-- Bond is playing for time --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Makvenio told me everything, Trevelyan.
dialog: Before I was picked up, I called in
dialog: Tempest’s control codes to our Moscow
dialog: Station. By now, the satelites have been
text: recalibrated’-- or destroyed.
text: Trevelyan smiles now, knowing it’s a bluff --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: If Makvenio had told you anything at all,
dialog: you'd know that isn’t possible. The girl
dialog: posed a minor threat --
dialog: (indicating gunshots)
dialog: -- that has now been eliminated. I can
dialog: detonate Tempest at the time -- or
dialog: target -- of my choosing.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Is that the threat you’1l make? Global
dialog: blackmail?
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (beneath him)
dialog: S It’s been done.
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Was your imagination always so limited? I
dialog: intend to use the weapon, James -- to
dialog: the fullest possible advantage.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I am sorry you won’t see that happen. But
dialog: I promise to come back here next spring --
dialog: for your first crop of strawberries --
text: Trevelyan pulls the hammer back on the pistol -- but --
scene_heading: BEHIND TREVEYLAN - A RUSSIAN OFFICER
text: battered from one of the blasts -- shows up in the doorway and
dialog: points an automatic at Trevelyan --
text: Trevelyan turns at the noise, and shoots ~- nailing the
text: officer in the chest -- he falls over, dead or dying, but his
text: finger is locked on the trigger -- the machine gun’s entire
text: clip sprays around the room --
text: Trevelyan is forced to jump to one side of the room as the
dialog: bullets impact where he was --
text: -- Bond is driven forward -- he springs toward the broken window
text: and gives -~ the bullets from the dying Russian’s gun
text: » Stitching a line under him on the floor --
text: -- the bullets from Trevelyan’s automatic blazing over and
text: under Bond in a crossfire, that impacts on the window’s edge --
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HOUSE - BOND DIVES OUT THE WINDOW
text: and lands, rolling in the rubble, breaking into a run --
text: b are e as Bond tries to get out of range ~~
scene_heading: UP IN THE SECOND STORY WINDOW - TREVELYAN
text: is firing down at Bond -- as --
scene_heading: IN THE SALON ~ MARINA
text: claws through the rubble -- and unearths enough of Kolkhzhna’s
text: assistant to get at his sidearm -- she stands up as --
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HOUSE - BOND
text: is closely followed by Trevelyan’s shots -- to get away from
dialog: them he jumps into --
scene_heading: THE SALON’S BROKEN WINDOW - BOND
text: crashes into the rubble, and stops short, because he’s facing --
text: -- Marina -- standing on the other side of the room --
text: terrified and aiming the gun at Bond --
text: -- Bond holds up his hands, calm -~ and tries not to appear
text: threatening -- he steps closer --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Marina -- we’ve got to get out of here --
text: Marina FIRES the gun once -- the shot goes over Bond’s
dialog: shoulder --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (shouting, frightened)
dialog: Don’t come near me!
scene_heading: IN THE HALLWAY - MORLEY
text: hears the sound of the SHOT -- about thirty feet distant -- he
text: runs down the hall, flame-thrower ready --
scene_heading: IN THE SALON - BOND AND MARINA
text: Marina’s hands shake violently on the gun -- Bond knows he has
text: almost no time to try to convince her -- that time is cut even
dialog: shorter as --
scene_heading: IN THE DOORWAY - MORLEY
text: arrives, the “thrower! zle d at
dialog: lari -
text: ~- Bond sees it before Marina does -- he lunges toward her --
text: -- she fires at Bond, just missing him as he knocks her out of
dialog: the way of --
dialog: 85.
text: -- a gas-fed blast of flame that HISSES twenty feet across the
text: room -- the flame SINGES Bond’s clothes as it passes --
text: -- Marina is shoved in relative safety against a pile of
dialog: rubble --
speaker_heading: BOND AND MORLEY
text: Bond has little time to react as Morley turns to face Bond, the
text: flame arcing with him -- Bond grabs a poker from what’s left
text: of the fireplace and slams it against the nozzle of the
text: flamethrower, diverting it for a moment -- the full-blast stream
text: of flame burning right next to Bond --
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: -~ hands trembling -- points the pistol at both men -- as --
text: THE STREAM OF FLAME
text: arcs around and over Bond -~ Bond tries to control it with the
text: poker, but the "swordfight" is over ~~ Morley moves back, beyond
text: the reach of the poker -- Bond is finished --
text: -- but Marina fires the gun once with shaky aim --
text: -- the flamethrower’s tank is hit -- but this is reinforced
dialog: steel -- the bullet has no effect --
text: -- Marina fires again -~ pointing more than aiming --
text: -- and this time she hits a weaker point --
speaker_heading: THE JOINT
text: where the flamethrower’s nozzle is attached to the tank -- a
text: pressurized mist of flammable chemicals is released --
text: -- Morley turns to see this, horrified -- Bond takes the
text: opportunity to rush Morley and kick him across the room -- as
dialog: Morley tumbles, the tank ews il_ of ab --
text: -- Bond grabs Marina’s hand and yanks her out through the
dialog: window ~~ right behind them --
text: -- as Morley rolls across the floor -- across the room, a
text: flaming piece of rubble ignites some of the airborne mist --
text: like a cheap bottle rocket, the flame spirals through the air,
text: igniting the mist along the same path Morley has taken, until
text: the aerial fuse burns into the tank itself -~
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HOUSE - THE EXPLOSION
text: blasts some of the pre-exploded debris out the window --
text: -- Bond pulls Marina out of the way of the blast and shields her
text: body, holding her against the wall -- Bond’s hand is on Marina’s
text: wrist, and he takes the gun away from her --
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: ON BOND AND MARINA’S FACES
text: which are inches apart, breathless. She’s terrified, and
text: physically pinned by Bond -- if Bond wanted to kill her, he
text: could do it easily. Instead, Bond releases his grip on her --
text: and lowers the gun.
text: Marina is as confused as ever -- her eyes search Bond’s, looking
dialog: for a reason to trust him --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: My name is Bond -- James Bond --
text: (at sound of GUNSHOTS)
dialog: -- would you mind if we discussed the rest
dialog: later?
text: Marina’s frightened look tells us she still doesn’t entirely
text: trust Bond -- but the approaching gunmen make up her mind for
text: her. Bond and Marina start a run across the house’s yard, toward
text: the lake -- but bullets kick up ice and snow around them --
scene_heading: FROM AN UPSTAIRS WINDOW - SAVATIER
text: fires a machine gun down at them --
scene_heading: FROM BEHIND - TWO ASSASSINS
text: come from behind the house, firing their machine guns too --
speaker_heading: BOND AND MARINA
dialog: have no choice but to continue a very long run in a very exposed
text: position -- the thin cover of the ridge seems very far off --
text: -- bullets kick up around them as they run past the grounded
dialog: helicopter --
text: -- the helicopter PILOT takes a machine gun and fires from the
text: side of the copter at Bond and Marina as they reach the ridge --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: stops running -- and points the pistol back at the helicopter as
text: bullets burst into the trees around him --
text: Bond fires back at the helicopter -- not at the pilot, not at
text: the assassins who are catching up fast, but at --
scene_heading: THE HELICOPTER’S SIDE-MOUNTED MISSILES
text: Bond’s bullets SPARK around the launch tubes -- until one shot
text: TINGS inside a launch tube, igniting a warhead --
scene_heading: WIDE VIEW ON YARD - THE HELICOPTER EXPLODES
text: in a fireball of gasoline and munitions as the pilot runs ina
text: panic away from it -- the explosion flattens across the yard --
dialog: 87.
dialog: -- al fl se) es ur ers m_B an
dialog: Marina --
scene_heading: AT THE LAKE’S EDGE - BOND
text: and Marina dash across the ice over to the seaplane’s dock --
text: -- Bond helps Marina into the passenger side door -- as --
scene_heading: BACK AT THE HELICOPTER - A RENEWED SERIES OF EXPLOSIONS
text: cause the assassins to scatter as more of the munitions carried
dialog: by the helicopter explode --
text: BOND MOVES AROUND TO THE PILOT’S SIDE
text: and opens the door, smiling at the chaos behind him -- a
text: familiar look of triumph blooms on his face as he starts to get
text: in -- until he looks down --
speaker_heading: TH N' S_OF s E
text: are half-submerged and frozen into the ice -- this plane is
text: going nowhere -~ even if it could be moved, the pontoons
dialog: certainly now weigh more than the plane can lift --
speaker_heading: BOND’S FACE
text: reflects this sudden change in fortune -- he turns to the
text: renewed SOUND of approaching GUNSHOTS --
speaker_heading: THE ASSASSINS
text: pass the helicopter’s wreckage and explosions -- one man runs
text: out on the ice, firing a machine gun at Bond and Marina --
text: -~ another takes a shoulder-mounted stinger -~ and aims it --
scene_heading: STINGER SCOPE POV ~ THE PLANE AND THE DOCK
dialog: are in the crosshairs -- as --
scene_heading: AT THE SAFEHOUSE - TWO ASSASSINS
text: get on motorcycles from the safehouse’s garage -- and ride
dialog: them out thr ire tor t ce --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PLANE - MARINA’S POV OUT WINDSHIELD
text: In summary: a shoulder-fired missile, two motorcycles, four
dialog: killers and who knows how many guns are on the way --
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: justly looks terrified --
speaker_heading: BOND :
text: is half-in, half-out of the plane -- he only has one idea and he
text: clearly doesn’t like it much -- he 'turns to Marina --
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Start the engine!
text: As the plane’s ancient engine SPUTTERS to life and the prop
dialog: starts buzzing --
text: -- Bond takes his gun -~ and fires down at the ice around both
text: pontoons, SHATTERING and CRACKING the ice -- Bond climbs into
dialog: the plane as --
speaker_heading: THE STINGER
dialog: is fired by the assassin --
speaker_heading: STINGER POV
text: it rockets low along the ice, toward the dock -- as --
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: GROANS under the strain of the iced pontoons as Bond revs the
dialog: miserable sounding engine to full --
text: -- the pontoons break away from the ice lake -- they still
dialog: weigh, literally, a ton and the plane can’t lift off -- but --
text: -- the plane moves ahead, the pontoons SKIDDING on the ice --
text: it picks up speed and pulls away from
speaker_heading: THE DOCK
text: dust as the stinger arrives to SPLINTER it in a huge BLAST --
scene_heading: ON THE ICE LAKE - THE ASSASSINS
text: run toward the plane, firing -- but Bond revs the engine and
text: steers the icebound plane toward the killers --
scene_heading: ASSASSIN POV - THE PLANE
text: is skidding toward them, propeller first --
text: -- the two who were on foot, instead of standing their ground,
dialog: flee from the approaching propeller --
text: -- Bond turns the plane -- and the left wing of the plane knocks
text: them to the ice, unconscious --
text: -- as the plane skids further on the ice -- one of the
text: motorcycle assassins falls on his side to avoid the wing -~- the
text: motorcycle and the assassin slide out of control -- but --
scene_heading: ON THE EDGE OF THE ICE LAKE - A KILLER
text: on a motorcycle races along the lake’s edge, keeping pace with
text: the plane -- he fires a machine gun at the plane as he does --
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: is hit in the rear and is damaged --
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: speeds up the plane to try to get away -- he steers the plane
text: away from the motorcycle -- and toward --
text: THE EDGE OF THE LAKE
text: which presents the only exit -- the mouth where the lake drains
text: into the river rapids -- this is where ice chunks have been
text: breaking off and slamming down --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: directs the plane toward this -- Marina SCREAMS as --
text: THE PLANE GOES OVER THE EDGE
text: and into the river rapids, smashing down, the pontoons driven
text: along by the current, just like any other chunk of ice --
text: they’re steered only by Bond’s manipulation of the propeller and
dialog: the flaps --
scene_heading: BOND AND MARINA‘’S POV - THROUGH WINDSHIELD - THE RIVER
text: is a swirling chute of whitewater and rocks -- an ice chunk
text: ahead of them the size of a rowboat SLAMS against a rock and
text: smashes into powder --
text: ~-- Bond desperately steers to try to avoid the same fate -- the
text: plane veers toward the side -- as --
scene_heading: ALONG THE RIVERBANK - THE MOTORCYCLE
text: appears, running comfortably along a smooth, slightly elevated
text: path that runs parallel to the river -- the assassin has a
dialog: relatively easy time firing down at --
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: -- bullets stitch across the canvas wings -- and shatter the
dialog: rear windshield --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE ASSASSIN
text: as he pulls a grenade off his vest -- and removes the pin with
dialog: his thumb --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THROUGH WINDSHIELD
text: Bond sees this -- and tries to steer away from the eyclist --
dialog: but the assassin throws en. owar t_ side o:
dialog: the plane --
text: THE RIGHT PONTOON OF THE PLANE IS BLOWN OFF
text: with a terrible SCREAM of metal as the grenade detonates under
text: it -- the wing moves up with the force of the blast --
text: -- forcing the opposite wing to dip down -- if it goes into
dialog: the water the plane will cartwheel --
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PLANE ~- BOND
text: frantically corrects again, steering and manipulating the flaps
dialog: so that --
scene_heading: THE RIGHT WING STAYS EVEN
text: and compensates for the missing pontoon -~ the plane is now
text: half-flying, half-floating, and still banging dangerously down
dialog: the river --
scene_heading: UP ON THE RIVERBANK - THE MOTORCYCLIST
text: can see what Bond has done -- he concentrates his fire --
text: ON THE RIGHT WING
dialog: -- bullets shred it -~ if it gets much more shot up, the wing
dialog: will tear off -- worse --
scene_heading: HIGH SHOT OF RIVER - A WATERFALL
text: is, horizontally speaking, a hundred yards distant -- and
text: vertically speaking, is four hundred feet down --
text: -- at the same time, we can see that the ridge the motorcyclist
dialog: is on will continue comfortably -- he’s in no danger -~
text: -- the cyclist moves ahead of the plane, pulling off another
text: grenade -- and thumbing off the ring --
scene_heading: IN THE PLANE - BOND
text: has to make a choice -- he deliberately steers the plane toward
dialog: a_rock
text: -- Marina shrieks as --
scene_heading: THE LEFT PONTOON IMPACTS
text: against the rock -- and virtually tears off -- hanging on just
dialog: by a single bolt --
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: is just seconds from going over the falls --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: pulls back on the stick with all his might -- and revs the
dialog: engine into redlining --
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: lifts off shakily -- drifting toward the left -- toward --
scene_heading: THE MOTORCYCLIST
text: who sees the plane approaching -- and tries to speed up -- but
text: -- as the plane lifts off -- the last bolt on the pontoon
dialog: finally tears off --
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: THE PONTOON
text: drops like a bomb and skids along the path, slamming into the
dialog: motorcyclist --
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WATERFALL ~ THE PLANE
text: lifts off over the drop and sails above the river -- as the
text: motorcycle and the assassin are shoved off the edge to start the
dialog: 400 foot fall --
text: -- the fall is cut short as the grenade detonates, blasting
text: the cycle and the assassin into smaller pieces that finish the
text: drop to the icy water and rocks below.
scene_heading: BACK AT THE WRECKAGE OF THE COUNTRY HOUSE - TREVELYAN
text: stands on a ridge -- as the SOUND of the explosion echoes back,
text: he can just make out through the trees the shape of the plane
text: flying away -~ and the sputtering and buzzing of the engine.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN’S FACE
text: is an interesing blend of fury, frustration and a little bit of
text: respect -- whatever his thoughts are, he ends them to calmly
text: turn to his surviving men.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: They won’t get far in that plane. When
dialog: they land -- see to it they get no
dialog: farther.
text: The assassins rush toward a military vehicle left untouched by
text: the flaming wreckage of the house -- as we go back to --
scene_heading: THE PLANE - OVER THE MOUNTAINS
text: The plane barely maintains altitude over the rocky, mountainous
text: area ~- the wings are so shot up they’re certain to fall off,
text: and the engine is sputtering and clearly will soon fail --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PLANE ~ BOND
text: looks down for a place to land. The terrain below isn’t flat --
text: and has a number of sheer vertical cliffs. Distantly visible
text: down one edge of the mountain is the logging camp -- and visible
text: beyond another edge, in the valley below, are railroad tracks.
dialog: But there’s no chance the plane will make it that far. Bond aims
dialog: down toward --
speaker_heading: A SNOWDRIFT
text: that’s perched on the edge of a fifty foot deep canyon -- an
dialog: unused stable and workshed are nearby --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Brace yourself --
text: Bond cuts the engine -- and starts a low approach --
dialog: 92.
text: THE PLANE DROPS INTO THE SNOWDRIFT
text: ~-- with the strain of landing, the left wing tears off -- the
text: rest of the plane skids across the snow, out of control,
text: burrowing into the snowdrift at forty miles an hour --
text: -- but the spokes left over from the pontoons drag through the
text: snow, gradually slowing the plane until it digs into the snow
text: drift and stops, half-buried, at the precipice’s edge.
text: Bond’s door is blocked by the snow -- he heaves against it --
text: -- as Marina unbuckles her seat belt -- and without waiting for
text: Bond, she gets out and runs across the snowdrift -- as --
text: THE PLANE SHIFTS IN THE SNOW
dialog: -- partly due to its precarious position, partly due to Bond’s
text: pounding on the doorside -- it clearly will go over --
text: ~~ Bond sees this and pulls himself across the seat to the other
dialog: door -- and through it --
text: BOND ROLLS OUT OF THE PLANE
text: as it rolls off the canyon’s edge -- Bond lands safely in the
text: snowdrift as the plane cartwheels to the rocks below --
text: -- and the gas tank explodes, starting a small fire.
text: Bond turns to look for Marina -- she’s running away, down the
text: snowdrift. Bond crunches through the snow after her -- catching
text: up to her by the stables, he grabs her -- and throws her -~
text: INTO THE WORKSHED
text: which is full of rusted, abandoned junk -- saws, harnesses for
dialog: horses, but nothing the previous user wanted to take. Marina
text: lands in a wooden chair, angry at the rough treatment, as Bond
text: takes out his gun and starts to check out the workshed.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I don’t expect any thanks for getting you
dialog: out of that abbotoir -- but I’d appreciate
dialog: it if you’d stop running away from me.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: You’re a dangerous man to be with, Mr.
dialog: Bond. Things have a tendency to explode
dialog: around you.
dialog: (demands)
dialog: What do you want with me?
scene_heading: AT THE LOGGING CAMP - THE MILITARY VEHICLE
text: pulls up through the dirt road leading in, as a truck full of
text: LOGGERS pulls out. The military vehicle tracks along the dirt
text: road -- until it reaches a wooden hangar -- where a couple of
text: WORKERS are putting away the camp’s helicopter.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: IN THE WORKSHED - BOND AND MARINA
text: Marina looks furious and indignant -- Bond is looking at the
text: junk, trying to find something useful.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You designed the control codes for
dialog: Tempest?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: Is there a destruct code as well as
dialog: activation code?
text: Marina nods again as Bond gets some old, run down wooden skiis
text: down from the walls. Bond slams a pair down next to her --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You can ski, I hope.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (right back)
dialog: Only a little better than you can fly --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Then we’re going to the nearest phone --
dialog: and you’re going to tell NATO how to shut
text: Tempest down.
text: Marina pauses just a beat.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: That is impossible.
dialog: Off Bond’s look -- we go to --
scene_heading: {THE LOGGING HELICOPTER - OVER THE MOUNTAINS
text: The helicopter is flown by Trevleyan’s pilot -- he is flanked by
text: one of Trevelyan’s assassins, who points out the window at a
text: not-too-distant column of smoke from the plane wreckage.
scene_heading: IN THE WORKSHED - BOND AND MARINA
text: As Marina explains, Bond realizes this isn’t going to be as easy
dialog: as he thought --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: The codes aren’t a collection of numbers
text: and letters -- they’re built into a hard
text: cryptography chip. One is in each of the
dialog: three satelites -~ and the only other one
text: is in the coding computer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Without that chip -- there’s no way to
text: communicate with the satelites.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: What about tracking the satelites
dialog: themselves? To shoot them down?
dialog: '
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Makvenio camoflaged all of them -- one
dialog: might transmit weather data, another might
dialog: seem to be a surveillance satelite. And
dialog: even if they could be tracked, they have
text: defensive lasers.
text: Bond looks deflated.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Congratulations, I suppose. You and
dialog: Makvenio seem to have thought of
dialog: everything. Except what happens when that
text: thing detonates over a city.
text: Marina is stung by this -- and responds furiously --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: As long as you’re interrogating me, Mr.
dialog: Bond, I/11 tell you precisely what
text: happens when it’s fired at a city.
dialog: (hard)
dialog: In a millionth of a second -- all
dialog: electrical power will cut out. The surge
dialog: will start electrical fires in old
dialog: buildings, petrol stations -- anywhere
dialog: that a spark can start a fire. Backup
dialog: generators in hospitals won’t work -- odds
dialog: are they’1l explode instead. All engines
dialog: will fail -- in a dense city, automobile
dialog: traffic will instantly halt -- and all air
dialog: traffic over the city will crash and
dialog: explode.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Fired at the right target it will create a
text: ring of fire one hundred miles wide.
dialog: There is no pride, no accomplishment in this description -- as
text: Marina forces herself through this, she’s near tears. She is
text: clearly angry and ashamed at her role in creating this device.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: They had me run computer simulations on
dialog: every target, Mr. Bond. The denser the
dialog: city, the higher the kill probability. In
dialog: Washington D.C. the projection was four
dialog: hundred thousand. In London, six hundred
dialog: thousand. In New York City it topped a
dialog: million
text: Bond realizes how much she wants to stop this thing -- and
text: softens his stance a bit --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (not an accusation)
dialog: Why did you build it then?
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (bitter)
dialog: I suppose you became a killer for your
dialog: government of your own choice, Mr. Bond.
dialog: Mine didn’t give me the option.
dialog: (hard)
dialog: If you’ve come for me because your
dialog: government wants me to build another of
dialog: the weapons -- then you may as well kill
dialog: me now.
text: Bond pockets his gun --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: That’s not why I’m here.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Then what do you want?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: The same thing you do. To make sure that
text: Tempest is never fired.
text: Marina looks at Bond -- and finally believes him -- but the
text: moment is broken by the SOUND of an approaching helicopter --
text: Bond moves over to a window -- and gets his gun out --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Get your skiis on --
text: Marina clamps on the skiis as Bond peers out a window -~
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: Wouldn’t we be better off staying in here?
scene_heading: BOND’S POV OUT WINDOW ~ THE APPROACHING HELICOPTER
text: can be seen on the other side of the stables -- the copter drops
text: a ten fect pendulun from clamps that held it underneath the
text: helicopter -- it starts ‘swinging from a cable --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON "PENDULUM" - FOUR CIRCULAR BUZZ SAWS
text: are stacked in a long tree-trimming gadget held together with a
dialog: wire mesh --
text: -- the saws fire to life, one by one, top to bottom, and are
text: moving toward the shack --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOND’S FACE
text: as he turns to Marina --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (an understatement)
dialog: No.
text: Bond snatches up his skiis --
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: REAR VIEW OF WORKSHED - THE HELICOPTER MOVES TO THE STABLES
text: and the saws tear through them, one after the other, as if
dialog: they were made of straw --
text: -- rotting planks fly everywhere as Bond and Marina burst out
text: of the back of the shed, the saws right behind them --
scene_heading: HELICOPTER POV - BOND AND MARINA
text: ski down the slope, toward a group of trees -- the helicopter
text: keeps pace with them, swinging the saws behind them --
text: -- and the gunner on the right side of the helicopter fires
dialog: down at them --
scene_heading: ON BOND AND MARINA SKIING
text: -- the bullets spray up the snow, between Bond and Marina --
text: Bond is forced by the line of fire to fork off, away from
dialog: Marina, into the trees --
text: -- Marina hooks around the trees and down the slope -- she can
dialog: see Bond is in trouble but can do nothing about it --
text: THE HELICOPTER HOOKS IN THE SAME PATTERN AS MARINA
text: and the saws swing from the wire -- easily SLASHING through
text: the trees, topping several of them --
text: ON BOND SKIING THROUGH TREE AREA
text: -- severed tree tops tumble in his way -- he swerves around
text: them and is driven further from Marina --
text: MARINA SKIIS DOWN THE SLOPE
text: and hooks again -- this time going down a ste icy slo}
text: that leads into the canyon’s floor -- it’s a long ribbon of ice,
text: as solid, slippery and unforgiving as a bobsled run --
scene_heading: HIGH VIEW OF CANYON - THE HELICOPTER
text: makes a hundred and eighty degree turn to follow Marina -- we
text: can see the canyon is at this point about forty feet deep and
text: about twenty feet wide -- it serpentines across a steep slope,
dialog: with jagged rock formations everywhere ~-
text: ~- the helicopter tracks with Marina -- because the canyon is
text: so narrow, at this point it flies level with the top -- but --
scene_heading: THE DANGLING SAWS
text: nudge right behind Marina -- she’s bent over for speed, but
text: the saws are gaining -- she skiis past the wreckage of the plane
text: ~- the saws demolish it without slowing, and swing across the
text: canyon, against the rock and ice with an ear-splitting WHINE --
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: THE TOP OF THE CANYON - BOND
text: has cleared the trees -- but is well behind Marina and the
text: copter on the left side of the canyon --
text: -~ Bond skiis along the downhill slope of the canyon’s edge,
text: bent over to accelerate and overtake the copter --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CANYON - THE HELICOPTER IS RIGHT BEHIND MARINA
text: skiing a serpentine along the ice -- but now the gunner is
text: shooting at her -- if she gets ahead of the copter, she’s a
dialog: perfect target -~ if she drops her pace, she gets shredded --
text: behind her and the copter, on top of the canyon, we can see --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: is catching up to, and overtaking, the helicopter -- as the
text: slope gets steeper ~~ Bond accelerates further and aims his
text: skiis directly toward the edge -- apparently on a collision
dialog: course with the helicopter -- but --
scene_heading: BOND JUMPS ACROSS THE CANYON JUST AHEAD OF THE HELICOPTER
text: -- and touches down smoothly on the slope’s opposite side -~
text: Bond turns to maintain pace with the copter --
text: -- the gunner fires his machine gun level at Bond -- snow kicks
text: up all around Bond as he gets out his pistol --
text: ~- the grade is still steep -- but the canyon gets wider and
dialog: deeper -- so -~
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: arcs down into the canyon to pace Marina -- the saws slash
text: just behind her, chewing ice and spitting out rock -- as --
text: BOND KEEPS PACE WITH THE HELICOPTER
text: and diverts his skiis down a path along the rock wall that
text: runs down on an angle into the canyon -- both Bond and the
text: helicopter are moving down at the same angle and speed ~-
text: -- the gunner aims his machine gun at Bond -- and fires --
text: -- bullets kick up snow all around Bond -- he takes aim without
text: slowing down -- he fires twice --
speaker_heading: THE GUNNER
text: is hit -- he slumps and falls out the copter door --
text: -- and into the saws -- there’s no telling how many blades he
text: hits on the way down, but he’s instantly reduced to a scarlet
dialog: Spray --
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: aims at the pilot -- but the gun CLICKS empty -- Bond throws it
text: away and looks ahead --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THE RIDGE
text: he’s skiing on is coming to an abrupt, rocky end -- and Bond
text: is speeding toward it at forty miles per hour -- as if things
dialog: could get worse --
text: ~- the helicopter edges over toward Bond and lowers -- the
text: helicopter blades crowd Bond and will soon decapitate him --
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
dialog: ~- who has nowhere to go but down --
text: ~- he skiis off the path and jumps toward the helicopter --
text: Bond reaches out desperately, diving, and tries to grab the
dialog: helicopter’s skid --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOND’S HANDS
text: which miss the skid -- Bond is still falling --
text: HIGH VIEW ON BOND FALLING TOWARD THE SAWS
text: still reaching out -~- with one hand he grabs onto the wire
dialog: Mesh that’s part of the saws’ central support --
text: BOND CATCHES ON THE WIRE MESH OF THE SAWS
text: and his weight makes the saws swing wildly -- Bond’s grip is
text: halfway down the saws --
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
text: his fingers are maybe an inch ahead of the GRINDING saws --
text: and slipping on the wire mesh, which is slick with blood --
text: -- the bottom saw GRINDS against the stone canyon wall -- as
text: Bond swings out of control on the saw, his skiis impact against
text: a saw blade and are shredded --
scene_heading: INSERT - AT TOP OF HELICOPTER - THE BOLT
text: holding the cable securing the saws pops halfway out --
scene_heading: FRONT VIEW DOWN CANYON - MARINA, BOND AND HELICOPTER
text: Marina is still skiing just ahead of the saw blades -- Bond
text: steadies his grip, but the saw is still swinging like a pendulum
text: -- and the helicopter BLASTS ahead, swerving around obstacles in
dialog: the rock walls --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER - THE PILOT
text: looks down -- he’s almost on Marina -- he throttles the copter
text: ahead faster -- and smiles, because he can’t lose -—
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: HIGH VIEW - THE CANYON
dialog: is coming to an end soon -- or, to be more accurate, is getting
text: a hell of a lot deeper -- a fast approaching vertical drop makes
dialog: it about a thousand feet deeper --
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
text: who has kicked off what’s left of his skiis and steadied himself
text: on the saws’ base -- he tries to climb up the wire mesh -- his
dialog: grip is fine but --
text: -- the wire panel _in Bond’s grip tears loose -- Bond nearly
text: falls, but shoots a hand up to grab another wire panel further
text: up -- Bond looks ahead --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - DOWN CANYON
text: Marina is skiing just ahead of the saws, serpentining around
text: rocks on the icy slope -- Bond’s POV moves up to find a jagged
text: rock abutment sticking out of Bond’s side of the canyon --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: climbs up the wire to the top and braces his legs against the
text: top of the saws, shoving hard --
text: ~- the saws swing and steer the saw and its cable toward the
dialog: jagged rock abutment --
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOND’S FEET
text: which slip, and catch themselves, on the top of the saws’
text: base -- an inch off, and the next thing Q’s making is a pair of
dialog: prosthetics --
scene_heading: THE HELICOPTER PILOT’S
text: attention is focused on Marina -- he doesn’t notice the abutment
text: until too late -- he pulls the copter up -- but as he does --
scene_heading: BOND LEAPS CLEAR OF THE SAWS
dialog: to fall twenty feet toward the ice --
speaker_heading: THE WIRE
text: catches on a groove in the rock like an aircraft carrier's
dialog: tripwire -- and it holds --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
dialog: 
text: -- and is yanked to the side -- its rotor
dialog: e =-
speaker_heading: THE SAWS
text: are yanked by the impact up toward the rock abutment, caught
dialog: on the wire -- '
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: THE BOLT
text: holding the saws to the helicopter BURSTS loose --
text: THE SAWS FALL TOWARD BOND
text: on the ice -- Bond just manages to hurl himself out of the
dialog: way -- as --
text: THE HELICOPTER FALLS TO THE ICE
text: impacting on its side and skidding down the sloping ice --
dialog: the top is on fire --
dialog: -- and the whole thing is coming down after Marina --
text: -- she brakes her skiis and flattens out against the canyon
text: wall just as the helicopter skids past -- and --
speaker_heading: THE SAWS
text: also race down the ice like a runaway luge -- all four of the
dialog: saws still running --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MOVING HELICOPTER - THE HELICOPTER PILOT
text: is bloodied but alive -- he looks in one direction -- the end of
text: the ice and a thousand foot drop are coming up fast -- the pilot
dialog: looks in the other direction --
scene_heading: PILOT POV - THE SAWS
dialog: are coming up even faster --
scene_heading: THE SAWS OVERTAKE THE HELICOPTER
dialog: and carve through it -- you’d need THX sound to separate the
text: GRINDING from the SCREAMING as the tangle of wreckage
text: simultaneously explodes and shoots over the edge -- as --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CANYON - BOND AND MARINA
text: A breathless Marina reaches Bond -- who is battered from the
text: fall -- and helps him up. Marina stares down the slope as some
text: of the smaller bits of debris skid to a quiet halt.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (ashen)
dialog: My God -- are you all right?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes --
dialog: (leans on wall, winded)
dialog: -- but he certainly cut out of here ina
dialog: hurry.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINTOP SAFEHOUSE - LONG SHOT - NIGHT
text: Still-burning fires have left the house nothing but a charred
text: husk -- several military helicopters have arrived, and a dozen
text: RUSSIAN SOLDIERS sift through wreckage. In one helicopter --
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
text: riffles through the same razored-empty Tempest technical file
text: Bond had earlier. Pushkin grimly looks to his aide as he runs up
text: with some charred papers.
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: AIDE
text: There are at least eight bodies inside.
dialog: (holds up paper)
text: This is Varoskaya’s interrogation -- she
dialog: and Bond knew each other --
dialog: (flips through)
dialog: -~ it looks as if she and Bond were
dialog: working together on the assassinations.
dialog: Pushkin can’t avoid the same conclusion --
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
dialog: Transmit to all civil authorities. Bond
dialog: is to be captured. If he resists --
dialog: (simply)
dialog: -~ he is to be killed.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION IN URALS - NIGHT
text: The train sounds its WHISTLE for the final time -- and pulls
text: away from the dingy station -- revealing, on a wooden bench, a
text: pair of elderly PENSIONERS who can’t believe their luck --
text: they’re wearing Bond and Marina’s outer jackets.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TRAIN - BOND AND MARINA
text: are in a private compartment -- both are now wearing the
dialog: pensioners’ tattered coats. This isn’t a luxury compartment --
dialog: t's the typical sleeper train found in Russia, the only
text: furnishings a small table and two shelflike beds on the walls.
dialog: Durable, but that’s the nicest thing you could say for it.
text: Bond is at the open door, speaking in RUSSIAN to the
text: CONDUCTOR -- who nods, and casts a friendly smile toward Marina
text: as he leaves.
text: Bond locks the door, and turns to Marina -- who pensively stands
text: in front of the window as the train slowly starts to move. The
text: only illumination in here now comes from the small Russian town
text: as its lights pass by.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (meaning the conductor)
dialog: What was that about?
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I told him we were eloping -- and we
dialog: shouldn’t be disturbed.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: You make an excellent liar, Mr. Bond.
text: Bond abruptly pulls the shade down -- and moves her away from
dialog: the window --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: And you make an excellent target, Miss
dialog: Varoskaya.
dialog: (faces Marina)
dialog: We've only two days left. Can you build --
dialog: or modify -- another computer to control
dialog: Tempest?
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (shakes head hopelessly)
dialog: It took two years to design the first.
text: Marina looks afraid now -- and vulnerable -- the enormity of
text: the trouble she’s in is collapsing in on her --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: They’re not going to stop -- are they?
dialog: (looks directly at Bond)
dialog: Not until I’m dead.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No. They’re not.
text: Marina is near tears ~- and looks out the window. Bond takes her
text: shoulders in his hands and locks eyes with her --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: So we’ll stop them first. I promise,
dialog: Marina. But I need your help to do it.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: That is why you’re keeping me alive?
text: Bond’s light smile is an invitation --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: That’s the second reason.
text: The ice is thawing -- Marina’s face almost breaks into a smile
dialog: that’s equally inviting --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: -~ and the first -- ?
text: Bond and Marina stop for an instant -- unbreathing,
text: unblinking -- sexual tension is winding them together --just
text: before their faces can start craning toward one another --
dialog: 103.
text: -- there’s a KNOCK at the door. Marina, rattled, moves back
text: against the bed -- Bond tenses and crosses to the door --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Ktoh_etoh?
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR (0.S.)
dialog: (through door)
dialog: wek:
text: Bond opens the door -- to reveal the smiling conductor standing
text: there with a small bottle of vodka and jar of caviar. Precious
text: commodities on a train like this -- if ill-timed ones.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: (proudly presenting)
dialog: Happy honeymoon.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (graciously accepting)
dialog: It nearly was. Spasseba.
text: Bond closes and locks the door -- and turns to find Marina
text: sitting on her slim bed. The mood is brightened -~ but her body
text: language indicates the fragile moment is nonetheless broken.
text: Bond opts not to push -- -sits on his bed -- and looks out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Good night, Marina.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Good night, James.
text: Marina -- feeling safe for the first time in days -- shuts her
text: eyes -- exhausted -- and instantly finds sleep -- as --
speaker_heading: THE TRAIN
text: slices through the mountainous Russian countryside -- and we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION IN URALS - TWILIGHT
text: The place Bond and Marina started from -- but a pair of local
dialog: ja show Bond’s photo to a ticket agent -- and --
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG - TRAIN - DAWN
text: On the dark side of dawn, the train GRINDS to a slower speed as
text: it moves through the city and nears the station --
scene_heading: IN THE COMPARTMENT - BOND
text: is sitting up, awake -- his attention is focused across at
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: lit up by the blue twilight, fast asleep -- and still looking
text: beautiful in spite of the last twenty-four hours.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: allows himself a smile -- and looks out the window, which is
text: opaque with frost. Bond wipes at the inside and looks out --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THROUGH ICED WINDOW
text: Through cracks in the frost, Bond can make out one militiaman --
text: then two -- then three -- moving on the platform.
scene_heading: IN THE COMPARTMENT - BOND
dialog: shakes Marina --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Marina -- wake up -- we’ve got to get off
dialog: the train --
scene_heading: ON THE PLATFORM - THE MILITIA
text: is out in full force -- at least a dozen show up, rifles out --
text: TOWARD THE REAR OF THE TRAIN - BOND AND MARINA
text: jump out of a side compartment: door as the slow-moving, brakin
text: train heads into the station. Bond leads Marina behind the train
text: so the militiamen on the platform can’t see them --
text: -- and as the train comes to a complete stop, Bond leads Marina
text: along the side edge of the raised concrete platform, hidden from
text: the militiamen’s view.
text: They move out toward the streets of St. Petersburg -- but as
text: they round the corner of the concrete platform --
speaker_heading: A MILITIAMAN
text: steps from behind it -- the double click of an automatic slide
text: informs Bond he’s there before the harsh voice does -~
speaker_heading: MILITIAMAN
dialog: Octahobka!
text: The militiaman jams the barrel into Bond’s spine. With no
text: option, Bond puts his hands on his head -- as does Marina -- and
text: he starts to walk toward the opposite end of the station
text: platform. But the militiaman insistently shoves Bond in
text: another direction, away from the other militiamen --
speaker_heading: MILITIAMAN
dialog: Ata bleezka --
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: BOND’S FACE
text: registers realization -- if he’s not being led to the militia,
text: he’s being led toward Trevelyan --
text: -- as Bond and Marina pass the edge of the concrete, walking
text: through cobblestones, Bond "stumbles" -- shoving Marina out of
text: the way -- and with a lightning stroke of his arm, reaches
text: behind to grab the Militiaman’s gunhand and pull him forward
dialog: to disarm him --
text: -- Bond throws him against the front edge of the concrete
text: platform and is about to put out the lights -- when --
speaker_heading: ROMALY (0.S.)
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: Please do not hit him, James --
text: Bond turns around to face the street --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
text: is anxiously standing next to a silver Rolls Royce limousine.
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: -- as it stands, I already owe him a very
dialog: large favor.
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Now get into the car before you attract
dialog: the attention of a militiaman I am not
dialog: related to.
text: Bond and Marina head for the back seat.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Thanks for the lift, Romaly --
dialog: (meaning car)
dialog: -- pity you couldn’t find something
text: inconspicuous.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ROLLS - AS IT PULLS INTO TRAFFIC
text: and drives through into the heart of St. Petersburg’s busy
dialog: network of bridges and canals that lead to the Neva River --
text: waterways that at the moment are solid ice.
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: Here, this is inconspicuous. Last year,
dialog: they sold more of these in St.
dialog: Petersburg alone than in England.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: How did you find us?
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: You are joking -- such a swath of
dialog: destruction has not been cut through
dialog: Russia since the invasion of Napoleon.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: ROMALY (cont/d)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I hope you are now ready to leave the
dialog: country -- while some of it yet
dialog: remains -~
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I am -- but first --
text: Bond withdraws the small ivory object we saw him take from
text: Makvenio’s briefcase earlier.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: -~- I need to pay a visit to a nearby bank.
scene_heading: EXT. NEVSKY PROSPEKT - DAY
text: The busy heart of St. Petersburg’s growing financial district,
text: crowded with foot traffic, cars and streetcars. It’s also the
dialog: home of St. Petersburg’s best shops, restaurants, businesses --
dialog: and banks. Capitalism has definitely arrived. So have
speaker_heading: BOND AND MARINA
text: who climb the wide steps up from the street, toward the biggest
dialog: bank here -- from their new clothes, we can see they’ve given
text: Her Majesty's credit cards a thrashing at the local stores.
text: Bond withdraws the ivory object as he and Marina enter
scene_heading: THE KRONSTADT BANK
dialog: which is as palatial as any of the best banks the West has to
text: offer. Bond and Marina move through the crowded lobby to the
dialog: tellers’ windows --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (low)
dialog: What is that thing?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: It’s called a "chop". Sort of a coding
dialog: device -- but a bit more low-tech than the
dialog: ones you used to make.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Chinese developed them centuries
dialog: ago -- and certain banks still use them
dialog: for their clients who want to hide a great
dialog: deal of money -- and their identity -- at
dialog: the same time.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Works quite well -- right up to the point
text: when someone else gets his hands on it.
text: As they reach a teller’s window, Bond stamps the chop’s
text: intricate design end against a piece of paper, leaving an
text: imprint -- and pushes that across the window to the TELLER.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I’d like access to my safety deposit box,
dialog: please.
text: IN A REAR BANK HALLWAY — A MOMENT LATER
text: Bond and Marina walk past, and into, vault gates -- the
text: officious teller walking several steps ahead. The teller stops
text: at a certain box, and takes out her keyring --
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Your key, please.
text: Unfazed, Bond twists the chop -- it unscrews into two halves --
text: and takes the key out. Bond and the teller turn the twin
dialog: cylinders simultaneously -- and
scene_heading: A MOMENT LATER - IN A PRIVACY CUBICLE - THE DEPOSIT BOX
text: is on the table. Bond pops it open -- and the only thing inside
text: is a small leather folder with a globe, and the name "GEOCOM"
text: stamped on the front. Bond opens this -- and inside it is a
text: single, three-inch, 1.44 megabyte computer diskette.
text: Bond eyes it quizzically --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: thinking out loud)
dialog: People hide millions in these
dialog: accounts -- and Makvenio’s keeping a
dialog: computer diskette here instead --
dialog: Meanwhile --
text: UPSTAIRS IN THE BANK - IN A SEALED ROOM
text: that’s full of up-to-the-minute banking computers registering
dialog: wire transactions -- only one man is working -- it’s --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: -- who we saw earlier having dinner with Trevelyan -- he’s
text: working at his desk, typing at a computer terminal. A window
dialog: tells us this room is F the bank’s top floor. Jordan’s harried
dialog: appearance tells us he’s been busy for some time. But his
text: satisfied look tells us that he’s done as he taps a final key --
text: ON THE COMPUTER SCREEN
dialog: the message appears:
scene_heading: RECODING SEQUENCE COMPLETED
speaker_heading: SYSTEM ON LINE
text: Jordan shuts off the computer -- and steps away from his desk,
text: satisfied. The job’s done. But as he passes a sextet of
text: surveillance monitors, Jordan’s look of contentment vanishes
dialog: like a morning haze --
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: ON ONE BLACK AND WHITE SURVEILLANCE SCREEN - BOND
text: is visible, walking out through the corridor leading from the
dialog: safety deposit box vault.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
text: realizes what this means -- he grabs a qun from his desk,
text: shoves it into his jacket and runs out the door, toward the
text: side stairs of the main hallway -- as --
scene_heading: BY THE TELLER’S DESK - BOND AND MARINA
text: are shown out -- the teller opens the gate for them -- they
text: calmly walk out into the lobby -- as -~-
scene_heading: FURTHER BACK IN THE BANK’S MAIN LEVEL - JORDAN
text: hits the bottom of the stairs running, breathless, looking
dialog: down --
scene_heading: JORDAN’S POV ~- BOND AND MARINA
text: are nearly at the bank’s outer door --
text: JORDAN RUNS THROUGH THE LOBBY
text: through the crowd, to the outer door --
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BANK AND DOWN THE STAIRS - JORDAN
text: bursts into the street, frantically looking up and down Nevsky
dialog: Prospekt --
text: -- but Bond and Marina are gone, vanished into the busy
dialog: street.
text: The CAMERA crowds into Jordan's face -- because he knows his
text: fate -- there is the SOUND of a GUNSHOT over the --
speaker_heading: SMAS) 'O:
scene_heading: TREVELYAN’S OFFICE - LOW ANGLE - TREVELYAN
text: lowers his smoking gun against the leather desk -- our view of
text: him is suddenly obscured as -~
text: -- the lifeless form of Jordan topples to the ground, his
text: blank face hitting the floor and filling the screen with a
text: bone-on-marble THUNK. A black high heeled shoe gently tips the
text: corpse off its side and onto its back -- as we go to a ~-
scene_heading: HIGHER ANGLE - TREVELYAN AND XENIA
text: Xenia, unconcerned, steps away from the body -- and the blood
text: pooling on the tile. Trevelyan has lost none of his certitude of
text: victory -- but he is definitely, at minimum, annoyed.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: Chances are extremely slim that Bond will
dialog: figure it out.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And slimmer still that he will stop us.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Don’t underestimate him. Bond has an
dialog: appalling success rate with infinitesmal
dialog: chances.
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Find him -- and cut them back to Zero.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE SQUARE/HERMITAGE - HIGH ANGLE ~— SUNSET
text: The setting sun only enhances this spectacular sight -- on one
text: side is the yellow arch of General Staff Building -- across the
text: snow-carpeted square is the massive state museum of the
text: Hermitage, which now has a group of classical musicians on the
dialog: steps playing Tchaikovsky.
text: Scattered throughout the square is a huge crowd, many of whom
text: are wearing Romanov era period costumes, as part of a festival
text: celebrating the era with music and fireworks. Royalty, so long
dialog: forbidden in Russia, is now back in style. We’1ll note too that
dialog: there is no shortage of people on horseback -- both festival
text: goers and the occasional militiaman.
text: In the middle of it all are
speaker_heading: BOND AND MARINA
text: who sit at the base of the Alexander Column -- a statue atop a
text: huge spire in the square’s center -- waiting, as forty feet
text: away, we can see Romaly approaching through the milling crowd.
dialog: Unfortunately --
scene_heading: SOMEONE ELSE’S TELESCOPIC POV IS ON ROMALY
text: and it CLICKS in as Romaly reaches Bond and Marina -- we go
dialog: back to an ordinary POV of --
scene_heading: THE ALEXANDER COLUMN - BOND AND ROMALY
text: Romaly hands Bond several papers as the festival crowd
text: circulates around them.
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: Follow these directions to Toksovo --
dialog: (Bond glances at them)
dialog: -- and you'll find a KRG-33 that a friend
dialog: of mine has liberated from the old
dialog: Kharofskav airfield.
text: Bond smiles at Romaly’s resourcefulness -- Marina winces --
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: My first job was in Air Defense
dialog: Directorate -- that plane is a terrible
dialog: design --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: -- but an excellent price. Where else
dialog: but Russia can you buy a military plane
dialog: for two thousand dollars and a case of
dialog: American bourbon?
dialog: (back to business)
dialog: I’ve checked on that name -- Geocom is a
dialog: new firm, established eighteen months ago
dialog: to take satelite photographs for petroleum
dialog: and mining companies.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: That’s a perfect cover -- Trevelyan would
dialog: have all the equipment he needs to
dialog: activate Tempest. Where is it based?
speaker_heading: ROMALY
text: A small island in the Carribbean called
dialog: St. Latrelle.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There is something puzzling, though,
dialog: James. You say Trevelyan will fire the
dialog: weapon tomorrow --
dialog: (Bond nods)
dialog: -- but London reports that no threat -- no
dialog: blackmail demand -- no communication of
dialog: any kind has been made, on any
dialog: frequency, to any government.
text: Bond looks perplexed -- this doesn’t fit the usual pattern --
text: but his attention is drawn to the side --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - SEVERAL MILITIAMEN
text: are shoving through the festival crowd toward Bond’s
text: position -- the POV shifts to reveal at least a_ dozen more are
text: coming from other directions -- as one makes eye contact with
text: Bond, he shouts in Russian and they start moving faster
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: turns to Romaly and Marina --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (terse)
dialog: It’s me they’re after -- lose yourselves
dialog: in the crowd --
text: Marina and Romaly hesitate -- Bond angrily snaps at Romaly --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: For God’s sake, get her out of here!
text: Romaly pulls Marina toward the Hermitage, deftly zig-zagging
dialog: through the festival crowd ~~
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: HIGH ON PALACE SQUARE - BO) UNS. OSTT: CTION
text: toward the archway -- the olive-garbed militiamen cut through
text: the more colorfully dressed crowd toward Bond --
text: -~ and finally Bond is grabbed by three militiamen, as --
scene_heading: IN OWD = RO! Y AND NA
text: slice through quickly -- Romaly skillfully cuts off a pursuing
text: militiaman by knocking a faux "noble" to the ground, causing a
dialog: pedestrian pileup --
text: -- they serpentine through the crowd -- and pass the steps of
dialog: the Hermitage -- almost unnoticed --
dialog: ~~ almost --
scene_heading: ON THE HERMITAGE STEPS - XENIA AND SAVATIER
text: see Romaly and Marina -- without a word to each other, they
text: separate and begin to take a parallel path in the street,
text: through the crowd -- as Xenia starts out she casually removes a
dialog: pair of hoop earrings --
scene_heading: IN THE GENERAL STAFF BUILDING ARCHWAY - BOND
text: is dragged into the domed passage by the militiamen to face --
dialog: -- a grim Pushkin.
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
dialog: We had a surveillance team tracking your
dialog: accomplice -- Kosygyn. Don’t worry, 007.
dialog: Soon he and the woman will join us --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -- and we will all have a lengthy
dialog: conversation about so many things.
scene_heading: ON A SIDE STREET - NORTH OF THE HERMITAGE - ROMALY AND MARINA
text: are quickly moving through the crowd, close to the buildings, in
text: the direction of the Neva’s riverbanks -- night has now fallen
dialog: completely --
scene_heading: MOVING PARALLEL ACROSS THE STREET - SAVATIER
text: keeps his full focus on Romaly and Marina, slicing through the
text: crowd effortlessly, with no pushing, no running, nothing that
text: would draw attention -- as he pulls a plastic shopping bag out
text: of a coat pocket, he strides quickly to pass the position of
text: Marina and Romaly -- and he moves behind a column --
text: -- where he inobtrusively pulls out an automatic pistol --
text: with a silencer and a laser sight -- assuming a natural
text: position, leaning on the column, Savatier puts the gun in the
text: bag -- through a hole he can aim across the street --
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: SAVATIER’S POV - ROMALY AND MARINA
text: move briskly but are not running -- Romaly doesn’t want to draw
text: attention either -- they don’t notice the red spot of the laser
text: sight tracking behind them --
speaker_heading: SAVATIER
text: calmly, imperceptibly, moves his hand -- there is nothing
text: suspicious about his appearance, nothing to alert any of the
dialog: festival crowd --
scene_heading: TIGHT ON ROMALY AND MARINA - THE LASER
text: moves behind their heads -- illuminating the walls, scattering
text: light on glass -- and overtakes them --
text: -- the laser sight rests on Marina’s temple -- and holds
dialog: steady --
speaker_heading: SAVATIER’S FINGER
dialog: tightens on the trigger --
text: TIGHT ON ROMALY AND MARINA
text: as Romaly’s attention finally is caught by the laser sight --
text: knowing what it is, he grabs her and shoves her away as ~-
speaker_heading: SAVATIER
text: squeezes the trigger twice -- the only evidence is the muffled
dialog: PFFT-PFFT -- the effect is --
text: ROMALY IS HIT TWICE IN THE BACK
text: ~- his coat tears open from the bullets’ entry -- he falls to
dialog: the ground --
text: -- Marina screams -- and sees -~
text: -- Savatier running across the street to finish the job,
text: shoving through the crowd, with no pretense of secrecy left --
text: -- Romaly looks up at Marina, who is frozen with fear --
speaker_heading: ROMALY
dialog: (weak)
dialog: Run --
dialog: (shouts now)
dialog: Bezhat!
text: Marina snaps out of it and runs, down the banks of the Neva --
text: -- as Savatier reaches Romaly -- and pauses -- aiming down his
text: gun -- the spot is on the bridge of Romaly’s nose -- he looks up
text: and spits out an unmistakably foul Russian curse --
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: ROMALY’S POV OF SAVATIER
text: standing over him, remorseless -- all Romaly is to him is
text: unfinished work -- blank-faced, he pulls the trigger as --
scene_heading: ISIDE STAFF ING '¥ - BOND
text: is being dragged at gunpoint by the militiamen -- they are now
text: well inside the public tunnel-like passage way as festival goers
text: move past them. Pushkin walks alongside Bond -- he seems almost
dialog: disappointed in him --
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
dialog: Assassinating our scientists was
dialog: needless, 007 -- the weapon has been
dialog: destroyed --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Has it? Did you find even a scrap of
dialog: the control computer when you combed
dialog: through the Severnaya wreckage?
text: Pushkin’s badly conjured poker face answers "no" --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: General -- I know you can’t deactivate
text: the weapon. The only person alive who
dialog: can is that woman, and if I don’t get
text: her to the control computer in the next
text: twenty-four hours, the Tempest is going to
dialog: be fired.
dialog: (beat)
text: Possibly against a Russian target.
text: As Pushkin chews on that, Bond drives it home, desperate to
dialog: convince him --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: -- and if your Tempest is used against a
dialog: Western city tomorrow -- how much longer
dialog: do you think peace will last?
text: Pushkin shows little sign of concession -~- but he is thinking
text: about it -- even as his aide butts in --
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (contemptuous)
dialog: He is obviously lying, General --
text: As the aide cites Bond’s sins, Bond’s attention is drawn ahead
text: in the curving archway --
scene_heading: BOND'S POV ~ A "ROYAL COACH"
text: is slowly trotting in their direction -- with two attendant
text: costumed "guardsmen" on their own horses --
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: ON BOND
text: who considers this -- he has two militiamen at his back -- and
text: others surrounding him -- in order to let the coach pass
text: through, the others move to the side -- as the coach and the
text: guardsmen’s horses are closest --
dialog: 
text: ~~ Bond savagely sweeps an elbow back into a militiaman’s jaw,
text: putting him out -- the second militiaman instantly aims his
text: pistol at Bond, but Bond grabs his gqgunhand -- a SHOT is FIRED
text: up into the ceiling -- the instant it’s fired --
text: -- all of the horses, terrified at the noise, rear up --
text: the guardsmen are thrown off their horses, tumbling into
text: colorfully garbed heaps on the concrete -- the militiamen,
text: endangered in the enclosed space, back up in disarray --
text: -- Bond charges past the rearing coach horses -~ and leaps onto
text: a riderless guard horse -- Bond reins the horse down and away,
text: kicking the horse so that it tears away at full gallop down
dialog: through the arch tunnel --
text: -- the militiamen who aren’t ducking coach horse kicks are
text: blocked from shooting at Bond by the coach itself -- due to the
text: arch tunnel’s curvature, Bond is nearly out of range -- but --
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN’S AIDE
text: manages to get clear -- he draws a gun and aims it at Bond -- he
dialog: has a perfect shot --
text: ~- which is spoiled when Pushkin knocks his arm up toward the
text: ceiling -- Bond manages to get out of range, rounding the
text: tunnel’s curve -- the aide, astonished, angered, turns to
speaker_heading: PUSHKIN
text: whose troubled face shows he isn’t sure he can believe Bond --
text: but he can’t afford to take the chance that it wasn’t true.
text: Behind Pushkin, militiamen are shouting into radios -- as --
scene_heading: HIGH SHOT OF PALACE SQUARE - BOND ON HORSEBACK
text: streaks through the square, parting the crowd ahead of him -- as
text: the first set of fireworks booms out of the Hermitage and
text: blooms over the Neva River --
scene_heading: NEAR THE NEVA’S BANKS - THE SUMMER GARDEN
text: is a sprawling, gorgeous park, now blanketed with snow -~ aside
text: from dozens of classical statues, no one is here -- except ~-
scene_heading: A TERRIFIED MARINA
text: -- lit for the moment by the fading firework blast above --
text: she runs in from the street, through a central trail, and down a
dialog: side trail --
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: SAVATIER
text: is running not far behind -- it seems one stride of his equals
text: two of hers -- he follows her trail in the snow --
scene_heading: NEAR THE HERMITAGE - BOND ON HORSEBACK
text: Bond halts his full gallop when he sees a crowd gathered
text: around someone -- we can see the crowd, obscuring the view -- we
dialog: can see the snow -- we can see the blood -- and we can see --
speaker_heading: BOND’S EXPRESSION
text: when he sees what’s left of Romaly -- anguished, furious, he
text: Spurs the horse on, toward the Summer Garden -- as --
speaker_heading: TG! ON MAR:
text: as she desperately stumbles through the Summer Garden, trying to
text: weave through the thick trees and statues in the darkness --
speaker_heading: ON SAVATIER
text: who is behind her -- calm and confident -- by using statues as
text: visual markers, we can see he’s very near Marina, following the
text: trail in the snow -~- until he stops -- and looks down --
text: -- the snow -- and the trail -- ends in a stone clearing that
text: leads to another trail.
text: Savatier considers for a moment -- and decides to move down that
text: clearing and the trail it leads to -- watching him vanish is
speaker_heading: A= NG Ni ‘AS
text: and doing her best to keep her heavy breathing silent -- as she
text: hears the SOUNDS of Savatier’s steps moving away, she turns to
text: leave, backtracking -- as she passes a statue, another firework
text: display brightens the sky --
text: -- illuminating, behind Marina, Xenia -- she hooks the hoop
text: earrings together and draws out a wire -- now a perfect
text: garrotte that is wrapped around Marina’s neck as the firework,
dialog: and the light, dies out --
scene_heading: AT THE SUMMER GARDEN ENTRANCE ~ BOND
text: shows up on horseback -- he has no idea where to go in this maze
text: ~- we can see as he enters that he’s spurring the horse in the
dialog: wrong direction -- as --
scene_heading: XENIA THROTTLES MARINA
text: -- Marina struggles and clutches at the wire, but Xenia is far
text: stronger and isn’t even working up a sweat -~ in Marina’s
text: thrashing she kicks at a statue -- the CRACK is heard by
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: who turns the horse around -- and gallops at full _ speed,
text: dodging through the statues and trees -- jumping over a bench --
text: leaping over a stone wall -- until he sees --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV ~- XENIA STRANGLING MARINA
text: beyond another stone wall -- the horse leaps the wall -- and --
text: BOND LEAPS OFF THE HORSE
text: -- diving straight for Xenia -- Bond knocks Xenia off
text: Marina -- Xenia gets back up instantly --
text: -- as Marina slumps to the ground, limp and unconscious --
text: -- nearby, Xenia pulls out a gun -- Bond lashes out, knocking
text: the gun out of her hand and away --
text: -- but it’s the last good shot he gets -- Xenia pivots to
text: powerfully kick Bond in the head -- and applies a leverage
text: hold to slam Bond against the stone wall with a powerful
text: THUD -- and with another kick to Bond’s sternum, she knocks
text: him totally breathless -- stunned at the relentless assault,
dialog: Bond can’t move --
text: -- Xenia moves closer to Bond -- flushed, breathing a little
dialog: faster from the exertion --
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: (mocking her earlier tone)
dialog: Please, James -~ won’t you kill me one
dialog: more way?
text: Xenia rips open Bond’s jacket -- and with both hands, pins
text: Bond against the stone wall -- applying the pressure point over
dialog: Bond’/s heart to induce a heart attack --
text: -- Bond is in agony -- and is too weakened to fight back --
speaker_heading: XENIA
dialog: is getting a physical thrill from this -- killing men is
text: better than sex -- she presses harder against Bond’s chest -~
text: -- but her eyes close in pain with the SOUND of one
text: gunshot -- her grip relaxes, and she has just enough time to
text: look surprised when the impact of the second gunshot knocks
text: her away from Bond -- she falls to the snow, dead --
text: -- Bond turns to see
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: weak, but alive, holding Xenia’s smoking gun in trembling
dialog: ands -~
dialog: 117.
text: -- Bond moves over to her, regaining his breath, glad to be
text: alive -- more than that -- thrilled that Marina is alive --
text: Bond helps her up -- unaware that nearby --
speaker_heading: VAT
text: has heard the gunshots and is running back through the Summer
text: Gardens toward the source -- and elsewhere --
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE SUMMER GARDENS IN THE STREET - MILITIAMEN
text: are racing toward the park -- there are several cars -- and at
text: least a half a dozen men on horseback --
scene_heading: IN THE SUMMER GARDEN ~ SAVATIER
text: has his gun out and runs toward the source of the shots down a
text: main path -- but from the side, the sound of galloping comes
text: just an instant too late to warn him -- he whirls around as -~
text: BOND AND MARINA ON THE HORSE
text: leap over a stone wall on a side path ~~ the horse’s front leg
text: kicks Savatier and knocks him to the ground --
text: -- Bond turns the horse to run down the main path and away --
text: Bond looks like he’s back in form -- but Marina, clinging to his
dialog: back, looks extremely weak --
text: -- Savatier takes just a second to recover ~- he aims the
text: automatic pistol down after Bond and empties the clip -- a
text: dozen rapid SILENCED SHOTS chase
text: BOND AND MARINA RACING DOWN THE PATH
text: as the bullets splinter tree branches and shatter parts of
text: statues around them -- finally --
text: -- Bond steers the horse at full speed out onto a side street ~-
dialog: but there’s no relief here --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - SIX MILITIAMEN ON HORSEBACK
dialog: are on a direct collision course down this street --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: about-faces the horse and races up the street --
text: FRONT VIEW ON BOND AND MARINA
text: as Bond’s horse runs up the street -- the militiamen behind them
text: start firing at them -- but they’re near --
dialog: 118.
text: THE STEPS TO A MASSIVE CATHEDRAL
text: -- Bond steers the horse up the steps to the cathedral -- which
text: has a huge, elaborate grouping of stone neoclassic columns --
text: fifty feet high, irregularly placed, close together, that go on
text: for at least two hundred yards -~- Bond kicks the horse for more
text: speed -- and tears into the columns --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - 8W: iG OU:
text: dodging left, then right, at top speed -- the darkness keeps
text: them hidden until it’s almost too late to cut away -- behind --
speaker_heading: THE MILITIAMEN
text: aren’t faring so well -- several are thrown by their horses
text: who refuse to run this weird course -- several more manage to go
text: after Bond but can’t maintain his pace --
scene_heading: SIDE VIEW OF BOND THROUGH COLUMNS
text: Bond swerves left and right, racing through -- the militiamen
dialog: who have stayed the course are getting the hang of it -- and are
dialog: catching up --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THE END OF THE COLUMNS
text: comes up fast -- but Bond will not give this horse a break,
text: pushing it full speed down the opposite steps --
text: -- and reaching a side street with a frozen canal -- Bond
text: races the horse down the street, alongside the canal and toward
text: the Neva -- the horsemen still behind him -~ however --
scene_heading: FRONT VIEW OF BOND
text: as he pushes the horse harder still -- what he sees ahead
dialog: doesn’t please him --
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - A PAIR OF MILITIA CARS
dialog: -- are ling off ide street in
dialog: effectively boxing him in --
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE - BOND PINNED BETWEEN HORSES BEHIND, CARS AHEAD
text: As the militia cars approach -- and the horses behind speed
text: up -- Bond doesn’t let up -- he races toward the approaching
text: cars until a collision seems imminent -- at the last possible
dialog: second --
text: -~ Bond abruptly veers the horse toward the canal’s wall --
text: down a set of cut concrete steps -- and onto the frozen canal
dialog: itself --
scene_heading: ON THE STREET - THE MILITIA CARS COLLIDE
text: as they brake and skid to try to avoid running over the horses
text: ~- the militia on horseback have similar trouble, rearing up
dialog: their horses to avoid impact -- meanwhile --
dialog: 119.
text: BOND SPURS ON THE HORSE DOWN THE ICED CANAL
text: -- there’s no sign of him slowing down -- Bond and Marina crouch
text: down to go through a low bridge on the bank of the Neva --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE ICE
text: which seems just solid enough -- with each SLAM from a hoof,
text: there is the sound of a CRACK in the ice --
speaker_heading: THE MILITIAMEN
text: are agog and can do nothing but stare -- Bond is already out of
dialog: shooting range -- and none of these guys want Bond badly enough
dialog: to test the ice any further than Bond is --
scene_heading: MILITIAMEN POV - LONG SHOT OF BOND ON THE NEVA
text: As another firework display lights up the sky with a BOOM --
text: Bond and Marina ride out from under the bridge -- and gallop
text: across the distant darkness of the Neva -- until --
text: AT THE OPPOSITE BANK OF THE NEVA - BOND AND MARINA
text: reach the shore -- the horse slows down to a trot -- but Marina,
text: weakened, is groggy and slipping off. Bond quickly, smoothly
text: dismounts -- and picks her up, taking her off the horse and
text: leaning her against a tree on the riverbank.
text: Bond takes her face in his hands -- and looks at her, checking
text: her neck -- it’s bruised from the garrotte --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Marina ~- are you hurt?
text: Marina revives -- lightly shakes her head "no" -- and puts her
text: hands over the tear in Bond’s shirt -- their breathing is still
dialog: quickened, but no longer because of the danger --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I thought -~ you were --
text: Bond stops her -- tilting up her face, he goes in for a light
text: taste of a kiss -- then a stronger one -~ and as she throws
text: her arms around him they go into a kiss that will last for the
dialog: rest of the night.
scene_heading: ANOTHER FIREWORK BURSTS
dialog: over the Russian sky -- and we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OUTER SPACE - TEMPEST TWO
text: is tracking through space silently -- beneath it, a world full
text: of targets waits. Meanwhile -- at --
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: INT. NATO COMMUNICATIONS/CONTROL CENTER - DAY
dialog: This is NATO’s center for controlling their offensive and
text: defensive space systems -- and tracking those of the opposition.
text: To that end, a giant screen on one wall has a computer-generated
dialog: -- with a number of i
text: pinpointed at different positions on it and moving above the
text: "earth". Right now the place is crowded with technicians and
dialog: activity -- we go to --
scene_heading: A COMPUTER TERMINAL
text: where a TECHNICIAN is busily working on a screen -- but not fast
text: enough to suit Q, who hovers over him --
dialog: Q
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: No no no --
dialog: (takes over, hits keys)
dialog: -- like that. Do you see?
text: As Q, disgusted, sits down to completely take over the analyst’s
text: work station, M walks over with an American counterpart, ORBACH.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Status, Q?
dialog: Q
dialog: We've analyzed all foreign satelites and
dialog: their transmissions to try to find what
text: means of camoflage is being used. First by
text: starting with debris of a certain size
dialog: jettisoned by spacecraft in the past --
text: Q hits a few keys -- eliminating many of the red dots on the
dialog: global screen --
dialog: Q
text: -- then satelites that seem to have an
dialog: overlapping or redundant purpose --
text: © hits the screen again -- leaving only two dots moving at
dialog: different points on the global display --
dialog: Q
dialog: -- finally narrowing it down to these
dialog: two -- which have been broadcasting data
dialog: in hundred-hour loops -- but they keep
text: repeating the same data randomly.
dialog: (concludes)
dialog: So randomly that it’s obviously by
dialog: design.
text: Another TECHNICIAN at the next terminal turns to Orbach --
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (to Orbach)
dialog: We've dispatched ASATs to track both of
dialog: them -- awaiting your go code --
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: ORBACH
dialog: (smug)
dialog: Then go --
text: They all move to another pair of terminals -- Orbach claps a
dialog: hand on M’s back -~
speaker_heading: ORBACH
dialog: Remember the old days? When we actually
dialog: had to worry about this shit?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Our hunter-killers are equipped with
dialog: lasers -- these bastards’1l never even
dialog: see ‘em coming --
scene_heading: IN_OUTER SPACE - A HUNTER-KILLER ANTI-SATELITE WEAPON
text: fires a jet of compressed gas to steer it upward, into position,
dialog: toward the Tempest Two -- as --
scene_heading: IN_ANOTHER PART OF OUTER SPACE - ANOTHER ASAT WEAPON
text: moves downward like a bird of prey toward the Tempest Three --
scene_heading: N TO CO! Dp Cc - AT ASAT TERMINAL
text: there are two television screens that come to life -- in
text: effect, the "gun cameras" of the ASATs, with a perfect view of
text: the downward and upward approaches toward the Tempest weapons --
text: ~~ the ASAT controls are being deftly worked by the
text: technicians -- as M, Q and Orbach watch with different degrees
dialog: of fascination and anxiety ~- they don’t see that
scene_heading: IN_OUTER SPACE - CLOSE ON TEMPEST TWO
text: has an automated sensor system that activates with a winking
text: red light -- a second later --
text: ~~ the Tempest Two silently fires up a metal ball -- and
text: begins to move away --
dialog: IN_N: 0 = ASAT INAL;
text: Can-do confidence quickly reverts to confusion --
scene_heading: TECHNICIAN. #1
dialog: -- it’s fired something --
scene_heading: IN_QUTER SPACE - THE METAL BALL
text: is a cluster bomb -- it suddenly blasts apart in a single
text: silent explosion that rains disabling shrapnel on the ASAT,
text: shredding it -- it’s now totally inoperable -~
speaker_heading: IN_N. CO! ER
dialog: Panic is the watchword -- ad libs like "what the fuck was
text: that?" are flying as that ASAT screen blanks out --
dialog: 122.
text: -- and we find our way to another intense TECHNICIAN, who’s
text: watching the active ASAT screen ~-
scene_heading: IN_OUTER SPACE - TEMPEST THREE
text: reacts with similar mechanical aplomb as the ASAT moves in from
text: above -- it jettisons a half dozen domino sized objects --
scene_heading: IN_NATO COMMAND CENTER - THE TECHNICIAN
dialog: is trying to do something -- Orbach is apoplectic --
speaker_heading: ORBACH
dialog: -~ evade -- evade --
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #2
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: -- Ican’t -- .
scene_heading: IN OUTER SPACE ~ THE ASAT
text: tries to move away -- but the dominos are obviously magnetic
text: and move with it -- accelerating toward it until they t.
text: and silently explode, blasting the ASAT to dust --
scene_heading: NAT D - AT ASAT TERMINALS
text: There is stunned silence as the second ASAT "gun camera" screen
text: bursts into blank static. Orbach looks as though he just played
text: a five hundred million dollar video game and lost.
speaker_heading: ORBACH
dialog: Well, gentlemen -- grab some seats -- make
dialog: yourselves comfortable -- and start making
dialog: bets on where those things are going to be
dialog: fired --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -- it looks like all we’re going to be
dialog: able to do is watch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BOND’S PLANE - ABOVE CARRIBBEAN ISLANDS - DAY
text: It’s morning -- the plane, a long distance observer model, looks
text: weathered but is hanging together as it flies low above a string
text: of islands that form a dotted line across the water --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COCKPIT - MARINA
text: is seated next to Bond -- she’s intently working on a laptop
text: computer, as Bond looks down at
speaker_heading: THE ISLANDS
text: as they pass by underneath -- they are working definititons of
dialog: the term "flyspeck islands" -- small, low-to-no technology, not
dialog: even much in the way of population -- we cut back to --
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: INA’S 'E! Cc:
text: which is a sea of scrolling numbers -- right now, the display
text: shows a series of mathematical computations that move down the
text: screen in a speedy blur. What’s happening is that sixteen digit
text: numeral groupings on the left side of the screen are being
text: converted into many more numeral groupings on the right side.
dialog: This may not make sense to you, but it’s ringing some bells for
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: whose face shows she recognizes the type of program, if not the
dialog: utilization.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Makvenio’s created some kind of intercept
dialog: cipher. We used to use them on American
dialog: frequencies to --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: ~- intercept a coded transmission and
dialog: redirect it to the frequency of your
dialog: choice.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: We still use them in all sorts of
dialog: places.
text: Marina keeps punching keys, trying to make some sense of it -~-
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: But this one is unusual. Instead of
text: redirecting a single coded message to a
dialog: single receptor -- it redirects its
dialog: coded message in eight directions. or
dialog: four. Or fourteen. Or thirty. There’s
dialog: no consistency to it.
dialog: Bond motions ahead --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: There it is --
scene_heading: POV OUT COCKPIT WINDOW - THE ISLAND
speaker_heading: BOND (0.S.)
dialog: -- St. Latrelle.
text: This is the largest of the islands -- it’s covered with thick
text: vegetation and ringed by a jungle of massive, seventy foot
text: trees. Further in toward the center, we can see the island seems
dialog: to be honeycombed with caves -- the mouths of caverns can be
text: seen in the sides of mountains and on the island floor itself.
dialog: The most remarkable thing about the island, however, is the
text: "Geocom" complex, ringed by guards and barbed wire fences.
dialog: Probably a bit too much security for an installation like this.
text: Its centerpiece is a gigantic radio dish antenna that’s sunken
dialog: into the island.
dialog: 124.
text: A pair of bridges that house broadcast equipment criss-cross the
text: dish -- perhaps six hundred feet across -~ and from the
text: intersection of the bridges to the bottom of the curved dish is
text: a drop of at least five hundred feet.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PLANE - BOND AND MARINA
text: stare down at the complex -- Marina seems a bit more impressed
dialog: than Bond -~-
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: With an antenna that size, he can
text: broadcast a signal to the Tempest
text: satelites on a long waveform frequency --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: -~- instead of a short directed burst. NATO
dialog: won't be looking for that. So both the
dialog: satelites and the signal stations are
dialog: camoflaged. It’s brilliant --
text: Bond’s grim admiration is cut short by a sudden burst of
text: machine gun fire tearing through the bottom of the right side of
text: the cockpit -- as Marina SCREAMS and moves back, Bond veers the
dialog: plane left and away -- in time to see --
scene_heading: A SLEEK MILITARY FIGHTER HELICOPTER
text: WHIRRING up into view -- the copter, with no rear rotor, is
dialog: designed specifically for manueverability -- a feature it
text: shows off by zooming straight up out of the mountains to pull
text: level with Bond’s plane, then pull a ninety-degree turn on a
dialog: dime to face Bond’s cockpit --
speaker_heading: ON BOND
text: The helicopter is directly ahead -- Bond hits an overhead toggle
text: switch and punches a button on the control panel labelled "FRONT
text: MACHINE GUNS" -- he’s rewarded with nothing but a shower of
dialog: Sparks from the panel --
text: -- and a hail of bullets from the helicopter --
text: -- Bond sharply steers away, diving toward a group of
text: mountains -- the helicopter right behind --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: -- Who built this bloody plane? --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Air Defense Collective Nine -- in Minsk --
dialog: (as more SPARKS fire)
dialog: -- we lost more pilots in training
dialog: exercises than in entire Afghan war --
text: BOND’S PLANE DIVES LOW OVER A SET OF MOUNTAINS
dialog: and his problems multiply --
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: THREE MORE ATTACK HELICOPTERS
text: shoot up vertically from the mountains -- behind, to the left,
text: and to the right -- and join the pursuit, flying in formation
dialog: all around Bond’s plane --
text: -~- as one copter FIRES a side-mounted air-to-air missile --
text: Bond dodges -- the missile just misses his wing and BLASTS
dialog: against the ground --
scene_heading: INSIDE ONE OF THE COPTERS - THE GUNNER
text: focuses his targeting system on Bond’s plane -- finger about
dialog: to hit the red button --
text: BOND TAKES THE PLANE INTO A STEEP DIVE TOWARD THE DISH
text: -- as two copters follow Bond and two fall back, Bond flies --
scene_heading: INTO THE DISH AND UNDER THE BRIDGES - BOND’S PLANE
text: follows the curvature of the dish as closely as possible -- it’s
dialog: a temporary refuge, as they can’t fire at him here ~- and he
text: flies a tight spiral halfway down the dish -- as --
scene_heading: ON THE DISH’S INTERSECTING BRIDGES - ARMED GUARDS
text: who are unlucky enough to be on the bridge fire machine guns at
text: Bond’s plane -- but the plane is moving too fast --
scene_heading: WIDE VIEW ON DISH - AS THE PLANE AND COPTERS CIRCLE
text: -- one copter pulls out -- the playground is too crowded -- but
dialog: the other one ha irectly beh Bond! lane as it circles
text: around the inside of the dish --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: struggles with the plane’s lousy controls -~ and sees ahead --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - ON THE DISH’S INTERSECTING BRIDGES - A GUARD
text: has moved to a better position and is ready to shoot --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: desperately pulls back on the rattling stick -- and
text: THE PLANE BLASTS OVER THE BRIDGE
text: and out of the dish as the guard FIRES at it -- unfortunately,
text: as the copter is right behind Bond’s plane --
text: -- some of the guard’s machine gun fire CHEWS the copter’s
dialog: tail -- and --
dialog: 126.
text: THE COPTER GOES OUT OF CONTROL
text: as it tries to rise out of the dish -- it collides with the lip
text: of the dish and EXPLODES, cartwheeling up and over the edge -—
speaker_heading: BOND’S PLANE
dialog: gets no break whatsoever -- the other three helicopters
text: eagerly move in again, left, right and rear, as Bond clears
dialog: the dish --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PLANE - BOND AND MARINA
text: are surrounded by bullets that tear up the fuselage ina
dialog: three-way crossf iYr —_
scene_heading: INSIDE ONE OF THE HELICOPTERS - A GUNNER
text: fires down an air-to-air missile toward Bond’s plane --
scene_heading: BOND’S PLANE DODGES
text: as the missile streaks past his wing to impact with the
dialog: ground --
text: -- the three helicopters now have Bond effectively trapped -- he
text: can’t go up, left or right -- and they’re driving him toward a
dialog: grouping of mountains --
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOND
text: as he looks ahead for any avenue of escape --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THE MOUTH OF A HUGE CAVERN
text: is built into the slab of mountain rock that he’s being driven
dialog: toward -~ it looks just big enough for a plane, if you’re a
dialog: psycho -- or as desperate as
speaker_heading: BOND
text: who focuses entirely on the hole, even as bullets continue to
text: tear up the fuselage -- he steers away from his escort
dialog: helicopters -- and as Marina SHRIEKS --
scene_heading: OUTER VIEW - THE PLANE FLIES INTO THE MOUTH OF THE CAVERN
text: with a few feet clearance _on_each wingtip -- the left and
text: right attack helicopters shear off, straight up the wall --
text: him the rear attack copter remains on Bond’s six, following
dialog: n--
speaker_heading: BOND
text: struggles with the miserable controls as Marina struggles with
dialog: her breathing --
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE CAVERN
text: angles upward at a forty-five degree angle -~ and it’s not
text: getting wider -- it is, however, shifting the angle of its
text: width -- Bond has to delicately tilt the the plane left, then
dialog: right, to keep the wings from impacting against the cavern sides
dialog: -- and for all of this --
scene_heading: THE PLANE’S FUSELAGE
text: is still being ripped up by rapid twin machine gun fire from
dialog: behind --
scene_heading: BEHIND BOND'S PLANE - THE HELICOPTER
text: is pulling quite a stunt itself, but as it’s smaller, is having
text: an easier time than Bond -- the gunner keeps firing at Bond’s
dialog: tail -- in retrospect, maybe this is not the best idea Bond’s
dialog: ever had -- but --
scene_heading: IN BOND’S COCKPIT - BOND
text: sees light at the end of the cavernous tunnel -- and he
text: reaches to the upper control panel to pull _a handle -- it
text: doesn’t work -- Bond savagely YANKS it down again --
scene_heading: OVER THE WINGS OF BOND’S PLANE - A MIST
text: flows over the top as a row of narrow vents open on the front
dialog: of each wing --
scene_heading: IN THE TRAILING HELICOPTER - COCKPIT POV
text: A cloud in Bond’s trail, filling the cavern, is heading fast
text: for the helicopter -- the pilot, panicked, knows what this is --
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: -- no -- stop shooting -~
text: But the gunner keeps FIRING as they head into the cloud --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HELICOPTER’S FRONT MACHINE GUN - THE FIRE
text: ignites the cloud -- and --
text: THE HELICOPTER IS ENGULFED IN AN EXPLOSION
dialog: 
scene_heading: VIEW OUTSIDE MOUNTAIN - BOND’S PLANE BURSTS FROM THE CAVERN
text: as the EXPLOSION and gaseous trail of fire follows him
text: out -- almost reaching his wings as he outdistances it --
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT - BOND
text: reaches up and pushes the handle back in -- as his hand moves
text: away we see it’s labelled "FUEL DUMP" --
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: OUTER VIEW - BOND’S PLANE
text: pulls up sharply -- but is attacked by the two remaining
text: helicopters, raining machine gun fire on the wings --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: struggles with the stick -- but there’s no lift -- he looks
dialog: out --
scene_heading: BOND'S POV OUT COCKPIT - THE WING
text: is on now on fire -- and the flaps are blowing loose -~ Bond’s
text: POV shifts out the front windshield --
dialog: -- h t s we f nd --
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT - BOND
text: gets out of the seat quickly -- and opens the storage
text: compartment behind the seats -- inside is --
dialog: -- one parachute --
text: -- Bond looks at Marina -- takes the parachute -- and straps it
text: on himself -- as he pulls on the last buckle --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Through the front cockpit window, we can see the helicopter
text: has fired an air-to-air missile -- dead on target --
text: -- as Bond grabs Marina -- and runs the last parachute strap
text: through her belt, lashing them together --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Hoping the workmanship was better at
dialog: People’s Parachute Factory Six -~
text: -- Bond pulls the release latch over the door --
scene_heading: OVERVIEW OF PLANE - BOND AND MARINA
text: hurl themselves out the door, tumbling together into space as
text: the missile hits the plane and EXPLODES --
text: -- blasting the entire plane into debris that shoots around --
scene_heading: BOND AND MARINA - FALLING
text: Bond moves over Marina to shield her from the smaller, flaming
text: debris that’s everywhere -- they’re also not too far from the
text: partially-intact, wingless fuselage of the plane that’s going
text: down ahead of them like a flaming missile -- Bond looks up -~
dialog: 129.
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - THE HELICOPTERS
text: are, menacingly, not giving chase -- they’re keeping their
text: distance -- because when Bond pulls the ripcord, he’s dead
dialog: meat -- Bond’s POV shifts down --
text: -- to the ground far below -- jungle foliage, mountains -- and
text: some distance away, the mouth of a deep vertical cavern --
speaker_heading: ON BOND’S FACE
text: as he decides -- it’s their only chance --
scene_heading: OVERVIEW OF BOND AND MARINA
text: falling behind the streaking, smoking fuselage -- Bond
text: stabilizes the fall, flattening out -- he is aiming their
text: bodies toward the mouth of the cavern -~ as ~-
scene_heading: IN ONE HELICOPTER - THE PILOT
text: sees this and realizes what Bond’s up to --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MARINA
text: as she looks down, terrified -- this isn’t the best way to do
text: your first jump -- she looks up, over Bond’s shoulder -- and
dialog: is not cheered --
scene_heading: MARINA’S POV - THE HELICOPTER
text: is coming down fast on their six -- and firing twin machine
dialog: guns _at them --
scene_heading: OVERVIEW - BOND AND MARINA, HELICOPTER, AND FUSELAGE
text: are in a race to the ground -- the fuselage is a second away
dialog: from impact --
text: -- Bond and Marina are not far behind, in the trail of smoke
text: from the fuselage -- and about twenty yards behind them -- the
text: helicopter is matching their angle of descent perfectly --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THE GROUND
text: is coming up fast -- there are only seconds to go -~ but there
text: are still bullets blazing all around them --
speaker_heading: BOND ROLLS OVER
text: so he is underneath Marina -- and draws out his gun, FIRING up
dialog: e 0) 's ck) -~ as, underneath him --
scene_heading: THE PLANE FUSELAGE
text: impacts against the ground with a blast of smoke and metal --
dialog: 130.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER COCKPIT POV - THROUGH THE SMOKE - BOND
text: is FIRING up as the copter is FIRING down -- one of Bond’s SHOTS
dialog: goes di d teri t s)
text: cracks -- another apparently hits the control panel, because
text: it’s SPARKING like crazy --
scene_heading: OVERVIEW - THROUGH THE SMOKE - THE HELICOPTER
text: takes a nose dive toward the flaming fuselage wreckage -- as
scene_heading: BOND AND MARINA BARELY CLEAR THE LIP OF THE HOLE
dialog: and fall into the unknown -- as
scene_heading: THE HELICOPTER IMPACTS AGAINST THE FUSELAGE
text: and the resulting tangle of flaming wreckage rolls and skids
dialog: war e ed f th le -- as
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HOLE - BOND AND MARINA
text: tumble -- they can’t see the bottom -- they can’t see the
text: top -~ Bond pulls the ripcord -- and the chute’s canopy
dialog: opens -- and holds --
text: ~~ Bond and Marina spiral, rapidly corkscrewing down the hole,
text: definitely not out of danger -- the chute could snag on the
dialog: rocks or they could be crushed against the walls --
scene_heading: ON THE EDGE - THE FUSELAGE/COPTER WRECKAGE
text: Smashes to the lip -- and very precariously dangles there --
text: as rocks supporting it start to crumble underneath -- as --
scene_heading: BOND AND MARINA SPIRAL DOWN
text: -~ and small falling rocks prompt Bond to look up --
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - AROUND CHUTE’S CANOPY
text: Bond’s view is blocked by the chute’s canopy -- as they spiral
text: around once, Bond can see, high above, the flaming wreckage
text: perched on the edge --
text: -~ as the next turn blocks his view, there is the RUMBLING
text: SOUND of rocks collapsing -- when the canopy clears --
text: -- Bond sees tons of flaming wreckage falling into the hole --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: desperately looks down --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THROUGH THE DARKNESS - st VE.
text: is twenty feet below -- and on the opposite side of the hole --
dialog: 131.
scene_heading: BOND ROUGHLY STEERS THE PARACHUTE
text: toward the cavern’s mouth -- and just under the falling
dialog: wreckage -- shooting into
speaker_heading: THE SIDE CAVERN
text: as two tons of flaming steel plummet past the hole like
dialog: a meteorite --
text: -- their speed unchecked, Bond twists his body to keep Marina
text: from impacting against a cavern wall -- instead Bond painfully
text: SLAMS his side against a cavern wall -- he and Marina land in
text: a heap as the sound of the wreckage’s impact BOOMS several
dialog: hundred feet below -- and --
scene_heading: OVER THE HOLE - THE REMAINING HELICOPTER
text: lowers to the hole and hovers over it as smoke trails out --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SIDE CAVERN - BOND AND MARINA
text: Bond has had the breath knocked out of him -- he winces in pain
text: as a worried Marina undoes the parachute’s latches --
scene_heading: AT THE EDGE OF THE HOLE - THE HELICOPTER
text: has landed -- and the pilot has secured a length of climbing
text: line to the edge -- the gunner, harnessed to a motorized
text: asc des dev. , lowers himself into the hole with a
speaker_heading: motorized WHIRR -~
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SIDE CAVERN - BOND AND MARINA
text: Bond weakly gets up with Marina’s help, and leans on the cavern
dialog: wall --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Are you hurt?
text: Bond doesn’t answer -- he hears the mechanized WHIRR approach -~
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: -~ step back -- now --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HOLE - THE GUNNER
text: descends, swaying through the smoke -- his gun out, looking down
dialog: for any sign of life that can be snuffed out --
text: -- as he nears the cavern -- some smoke clears and the gunner
text: sees Bond -- with one hand he brakes the A/D mechanism, with
text: the other he aims the machine gun --
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: OVERHEAD VIEW - BOND DIVES FOR THE LINE
text: SLAMMING into the gunner and grabbing the front harness -- the
text: gunner’s SHOTS go wild as the force of Bond’s leap swings them
text: back against the wall of the hole -- from the flames below we
text: can see they’re at least three hundred feet up -- ~~ as they
text: hit the wall, Bond SLAMS the gunner’s hand against the stone,
text: forcing him to drop the gun -- as they start a return swing
dialog: back --
text: -- the gunner punches Bond, loosening Bond’s grip on the harness
text: -- and the gunner withdraws a combat knife --
text: -- but Bond grabs the gunner’s wrist -- and forces the knife
text: down to sever the cloth harness -- as the swing ends against
text: the wall with another SLAM --
text: -- the gunner is stunned by the impact and falls out with a
text: SCREAM -- leaving Bond clinging to the A/D mechanism --
scene_heading: AT THE TOP EDGE OF THE HOLE - THE PILOT
text: hears the nearing, WHIRRING sound of the A/D -- he’s crouched
text: over the edge, peering into the smoke, as -~-
text: -- the smoke and hot air lift out the empty parachute
text: -- the cloth flies in the pilot’s face -- annoyed, he
text: tears it off and flips it away -- as --
speaker_heading: BOND (0.S.)
dialog: Good morning --
text: Bond's arm lashes up -- grabs the startled pilot by the
text: shirt -- and pulls him into the hole with a YELL as --
text: -- Bond and Marina rise out of the hole on the A/D. Bond helps
text: Marina out of the hole -- and balls up the parachute, throwing
text: it back into the hole.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: He should have kept that.
dialog: (eyes helicopter)
dialog: Let’s have a closer look at that dish.
text: As they step into the helicopter -- we cut to --
scene_heading: EXT. OVERHEAD VIEW - ON DISH AND BOND’S HELICOPTER
text: The copter is flying low over the ground and foliage, removed
dialog: from the dish’s perimeter --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER - BOND AND MARINA’S UPWARD POV
text: is of the huge triangular/circular metal configuration suspended
text: six hundred feet above the dish’s center by a trio of towers.
speaker_heading: MARINA (0.S.)
dialog: That’s the transmitter.
dialog: 133.
scene_heading: ON BOND AND MARINA IN COPTER
text: Bond checks the electronic control panel --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: There are no missiles left --
dialog: (considers)
dialog: -- if I tried to fly into it, those guards
dialog: would cut us to pieces.
text: Marina looks over to the ground -~ and points --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Take us down over there.
text: ON THE COPTER TRACKING LOW TOWARD ONE OF THE TOWERS
dialog: We’ll notice there’s a key wire -- not a support wire -- leading
text: from the transmitter to the base of this tower.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF TOWER ON HILLSIDE - THE HELICOPTER
text: has landed behind it -- as its rotors slow and stop, Bond and
text: Marina are at the door of the tower. The tower itself looks like
text: a lighthouse -- tall, cylindrical and narrowing as it rises.
text: Bond pries the door open with a bar -- and --
text: INSIDE THE BOTTOM ROOM OF THE TOWER
text: is a bank of electronic equipment. This is where the wire from
text: the transmitter leads to. Marina eyes the equipment -- which is
text: booted up and operating.
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: If he’s using a long waveform to
dialog: broadcast, this must be the signal
dialog: amplifier --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -- this is the juncture between the
text: control computer and the dish.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: So if we destroy it -- ?
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: He’s certain to have backups. He could
text: still send the signal out.
text: Bond moves into the room -- part of the amplification equipment
text: is a systems maintenance computer terminal.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: This is hooked into the control
dialog: computer -- can you access it and activate
dialog: the destruct code?
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: Makvenio designed the defenses against
dialog: computer break-ins --
dialog: (eyes equipment)
dialog: -- and this junk is just used for systems
dialog: maintenance. I don’t know, James --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You've got to try, Marina. It’s the best
dialog: shot we have.
text: Bond gives her a light kiss -- and moves out the door --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I’11 come back for you later --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: To shut this down at the source.
dialog: Bond returns to the helicopter -- as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE MAIN COMPUTER ROOM - HIGH ANGLE
text: This is the heart of Trevelyan’s control complex -- it looks
text: like the New York Stock Exchange as designed by Ken Adam. The
text: room is filled with activity, with COMPUTER TECHNICIANS at work
text: on a set of keyboards that control dozens of monitors, installed
text: in banks four high along the walls -- each with a sea of numbers
dialog: and figures in dollars, yen, pounds and deuchmarks.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
text: enters -- looking satisfied. A man who wants to savor everything
text: about the day. Savatier is behind him, carrying a metal
text: briefcase -- and the two cross over to a central computer that’s
text: not dissimilar to the one we saw in Severnaya. Above it is a
text: wv: tar screen with a graphic of the world -- and
text: pinpoints that show where the Tempest satelites are in relation
dialog: to the rest of the world.
text: Stopping there, Savatier opens the metal briefcase -- and
text: removes the Tempest control computer from foam padding,
text: turning it over to a head TECHNICIAN.
text: In seconds, the technician has installed it in its docking
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Enter the target for today --
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: ~-- New York City.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
dialog: 135.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE VIEW OF ISLAND - THE HELICOPTER
text: circles around it -- further back from the dish is a cliff wall
text: over the ocean, with numerous large caverns cut into it --
text: -- and on top of the volcanic rock, behind one of the towers, is
text: a flat clearing -- on a hillside near one of the support towers
text: is a small building that obviously serves as the entrance to the
text: underground compound, and a maintenance catwalk that leads out
text: to the dish’s transmitter.
scene_heading: IN THE HELICOPTER - BOND
text: pulls the copter up and toward the clearing -- he’s now wearing
text: the specs and helmet of the pilot.
dialog: This is a landing/maintenance area for the helicopters --there
text: are four landing circles. Bond hovers over the one nearest the
dialog: maintenance shed -- which we’1l note has a large tank of
text: aviation fuel near it, with metal piping that runs into the
text: ground. Bond lowers the copter as the sole GROUND CREWMAN runs
text: up to the door. .
speaker_heading: GROUND CREWMAN
dialog: What the hell happened up there?
text: Bond answers with a direct kick to the head -- the crewman
text: topples, and Bond gets out, dragging him to the shed.
dialog: 
scene_heading: A MOMENT LATER - BOND
text: emerges from the shed -- wearing the crewman’s hat and jacket.
text: Bond crosses the rock to
scene_heading: A CAGE FREIGHT ELEVATOR
text: that’s built into the edge of another vertical cavern -- a huge
text: natural elevator shaft. Bond steps in -- and moves it down --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - THE FIRST LEVEL
text: As the elevator grinds past fifty feet of rock, Bond sees
text: through the cage wire a cave that’s been converted into a
text: military style storeroom -- crates piled four and five high,
text: neatly arranged and stacked, separated by wire divisions.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: gets out -- no one else seems to be here -- and has a look
text: around. The storage level looks like Charles Foster Kane’s attic
text: -- it goes on and on -- and Bond looks with some alarm at one of
text: the crate groupings behind a wire cage --
text: -- it’s piled with crates full of metal cannisters, and warnings
text: in Cyrillic and English script -- "DANGER - NEUROTOXIC AGENTS".
text: Bond moves ahead through the huge storage space, looking left
text: and right, and finding more of the same.
dialog: 136.
text: Crates housing high-tech machine guns -- shoulder-fired missile
text: launchers -- fuel-air weapons -- land mines -- blocks of Semtex
text: plastic explosive -~ and other weapons of mass destruction.
text: Bond pauses at a crate of Semtex -- at the sound of some
text: approaching GUARDS, he grabs a block -- and crouching low
text: behind other crates, moves quickly to a ladder and hatchway that
dialog: take him down to
speaker_heading: THE SECOND LEVEL
text: which is another huge cave that has been converted to a tight
text: but usable airplane hangar. There is a wide opening at the far
text: end of the cave -- wide enough to allow planes to fly in or out,
text: and a tripwire on a runway to allow aircraft carrier style
dialog: landings.
text: The hangar is stocked with several dozen military fighters of
dialog: multinational origin -- Russian, American, Chinese, German. The
text: planes look new -- and well-maintained.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: moves through the hangar -- split between awe at this private
text: armory and horror at what someone like Trevelyan could do with
text: it. Bond stops at one of the planes in the middle of the
text: hangar -- and affixes the Semtex to it.
text: Bond then removes his Rolex -- and takes off the back of it.
text: The rear disc has a spike that extends from the center -- Bond
dialog: sticks it into the Semtex -- as --
scene_heading: iIN_THE MAINTENANCE SHED ABOVE - A PAIR OF GUARDS
text: have found the maintenance man Bond clobbered -- one gets out
dialog: his radio -- as -~-
scene_heading: IN THE SECOND LEVEL - BOND
text: pulls back a slide on the disc, priming it -- a red light o
text: the disk is winking slowly but rythmically -- Bond looks to "nis
dialog: watch --
text: ON THE WATCH - A MATCHING RED LIGHT
text: is winking in perfect synch with that of the detonator ~-
speaker_heading: BOND
text: backs away from the plane -~- and runs toward the elevator doors.
text: Bond opens the cage doors -- and as the elevator isn’t there, he
text: moves into the shaft and climbs up a service ladder. But as he
text: passes the first level, and the elevator stopped there --
text: -- from inside the elevator there are the warning clicks of a
text: pair of machine quns from the guards inside. Bond freezes --
dialog: and looks up -~
text: -- at the top of the shaft, two more guards wait -- both aiming
text: their guns down at Bond.
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND COMPLEX - HALLWAY
text: This has a decidedly more high-tech look about it than the caves
text: -- with a pair of guards flanking him, Bond is led from the
text: elevator entrance and through a hall, to --
scene_heading: THE MAIN COMPUTER ROOM - BOND
text: is led down to the center of the tower of computer monitors --
text: where Trevelyan is waiting. Whatever annoyance Trevelyan feels
text: at Bond’s presence is ultimately overcome by the fact that it
text: was expected -- and the fact that Bond is at his mercy.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: James Bond.
dialog: (notes tattered appearance)
dialog: Even Rasputin had the courtesy to die
text: after the fourth attempt on his life.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where is Miss Varoskaya?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (grim)
dialog: Dead.
text: frevelyan doesn’t believe him -- he nods to a pair of guards,
dialog: who exit.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: She will be, soon enough.
text: Bond steps further into the center of the computer room, taking
dialog: it all in.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Your armory is impressive, Trevelyan. But
dialog: I wouldn’t have bought so many Russian
dialog: airplanes.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (casual)
dialog: Oh, I have American weaponry as well. It’s
dialog: as easy to find. I’m stocking them here,
dialog: and in several other locations, for --
dialog: (searches for phrase)
text: -- an opportune moment. The world is
dialog: changing, James. We must change with it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I left the British empire just as it
text: stuttered to a halt -- and I had a
text: parade-view seat for the end of the Soviet
dialog: empire. Both of them ended for exactly the
dialog: same reason -- for want of money.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s time to think, perhaps, about
dialog: building a new one. With the money I’m
dialog: about to receive, I will be prepared when
text: the next opportunity comes.
text: Bond smiles pityingly at Trevelyan.
dialog: 138.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: It’s rather sad, Augustus. You used to
dialog: > have quite a mind.
dialog: feyes computer screens)
dialog: International banking codes -- you’re
dialog: preparing to launder your money a little
dialog: prematurely, I think.
dialog: (turns back to Trevelyan)
dialog: You can’t be so far gone that you think
dialog: you’1l actually be able to keep it. Our
dialog: service will follow the delivery boy right
dialog: to your doorstep.
dialog: (condescending)
dialog: At any rate, I think you’1l find that ten
dialog: billion dollars hasn’t been adequate
dialog: empire-building capital for at least a
dialog: century.
text: Trevelyan responds to this baiting with a booming laugh ~~
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Ten billion?
dialog: (amused)
dialog: James -- you have lost your imagination.
text: Bond eyes Trevelyan -- and the computers -- considering the
dialog: factors --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: ) You’ve set up wire transfers to Tokyo,
dialog: Bern, the Bahamas, Stuttgart -- but
dialog: they’re all sourced in New York --
dialog: (starting to get it)
dialog: -- you have Makvenio’s intercept cipher to
dialog: redirect codes --
text: Bond turns to face a proud, grinning Trevelyan as it hits him --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Of course -- you’ve broken into a
dialog: finance computer for a wire theft.
text: Trevelyan moves into the midst of the computers with Bond.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Credit is due, James -- I’ve broken into
dialog: the finance computer, for the wire
text: theft. The clearing house computer for
dialog: overseas wire transactions in the World
dialog: Trade Center.
dialog: (modestly)
dialog: I had one of my men in place as new
dialog: security protocols were created after the
dialog: unfortunate bombing there.
text: > The enormity of it starts to hit Bond --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: They must process over a trillion dollars
dialog: worth of wire transactions daily --
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: A trillion and a half. But I’m not
dialog: greedy, James. I have my eye on a mere six
dialog: hundred billion.
dialog: (motions around)
dialog: These computers can reroute the transfers
dialog: into thousands of accounts I control --
text: and reroute them again through a labyrinth
dialog: of deutchmarks, yen and francs on the
dialog: international currency exchange -- all in
dialog: a matter of seconds.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Just before the Tempest goes off over New
dialog: York.
dialog: (Trevelyan nods)
dialog: It’1l destroy the proof of the theft --
dialog: the computer itself -- and all the
dialog: recorded data.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: As well as a million people.
text: Trevelyan is genuinely unconcerned.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: A matter of accounting. We’re both men
dialog: who've had to make decisions about human
dialog: lives, James. What it costs to spare
dialog: them -- what it costs to take them -- what
dialog: it costs us to make that choice --
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Six hundred billion dollars balanced
dialog: against one million lives?
dialog: (beat)
text: Merely dust on the globe.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: The theft will be traced --
dialog: Trevelyan laughs again --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: To whom? To what? New York City in
dialog: flames from a "terrorist" attack --
text: Washington and Moscow scrambling to blame
dialog: each other for the incident and cover up
dialog: the true cause? Searching for deposit
dialog: slips in the rubble will be the last thing
dialog: on anyone’s mind.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: By tomorrow, I/11 have withdrawn the money
dialog: -- and, in fact, I expect to make a
dialog: handsome profit on the currency exchange.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I’m playing a hunch that the dollar will
dialog: take a sharp drop this afternoon.
text: Trevelyan turns as the door slides open through the cage
dialog: entrance --
dialog: 140.
scene_heading: AT THE DOOR - MARINA
text: > is being brought in by Savatier and a pair of guards.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: We found her in the west tower --
dialog: (beat)
text: -- at a computer terminal.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: is rattled -- this is exactly what he’s wanted to prevent all
text: along. He turns to the head technician at the Tempest console.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Run a systems check -- on everything.
dialog: (to Savatier)
dialog: Stay with the transmitter. I don’t want
dialog: any more surprises.
text: As Savatier leaves and Trevelyan works on damage control, a look
text: passes between Bond and Marina -- a look that tells us she’s
text: unsure about how successful her tampering was. Bond turns from
text: her, not wanting to give anything away.
text: Trevelyan returns his attention to Bond and Marina, his friendly
text: demeanor vanished.
speaker_heading: D TREVELYAN
dialog: I thought I told you early on in your
dialog: training, James -- never bring a woman
dialog: into combat with you. When you do, you
dialog: bring a second heart.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A second target.
text: A computer beeping turns Trevelyan back around --
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (cocky)
dialog: I’ve found it --
dialog: (as Trevelyan heads over)
dialog: -- it’s not very well done. She linked the
dialog: go code to the satelite’s destruct code.
dialog: If we signalled it to fire, it would have
text: self-destructed instead.
dialog: (hits some keys)
dialog: But now it’s deleted.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (regaining composure)
dialog: Retarget the satelite for New York.
text: As the technician taps it out, we go to --
scene_heading: D THE TEMPEST CONTROL SCREEN
dialog: which shows, among other things, this display --
dialog: 141.
scene_heading: LOCATION: 126.23.50.94
scene_heading: PRIMARY TARGET: 73.09.41.13
text: As before, the location number is starting to roll over rapidly
dialog: to match the target location --
scene_heading: IN OUTER SPACE ~- TEMPEST TWO
text: fires compressed gas jets to speed silently toward the target --
scene_heading: IN THE COMPUTER CENTER - TREVELYAN
text: steps over to Bond and Marina, again in control.
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (to Marina)
dialog: I expected more from you. But I suppose I
dialog: owe you the opportunity to watch the
dialog: device you designed go to work. After all,
dialog: I couldn’t have managed this without you.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Thank you, Miss Varoskaya.
scene_heading: ON THE. TRANSACTION COMPUTER SCREENS
dialog: We MOVE across them to get an idea of the scale of this
text: operation: on this grouping of computer screens, over fifty
text: thousand wire transactions are in place, waiting to be
dialog: unleashed -- though the transaction figures are in different
dialog: denominations, none of them are less than five figures --
dialog: 
text: ON THE VISUAL TRACKING SCREEN FOR TEMPEST
text: The Tempest Two is moving from a far west, far north position
text: over Canada -- and is tracking south and east rapidly --
dialog: -- but to the technician watching this, something’s wrong -- he
text: nervously compares the satelite’s visual position with
scene_heading: THE TEMPEST CONTROL COMPUTER SCREEN
dialog: which shows:
scene_heading: LOCATION: 111.23.39.17
scene_heading: PRIMARY TARGET: 73.09.41.13
text: As we watch the screen and the location number change, the
text: target number also abruptly changes -- to lock in at --
scene_heading: LOCATION: 111.23.39.17
scene_heading: PRIMARY TARGET: 69.13.17.20
speaker_heading: THE TECHNICIAN
text: looks up again -- worried --
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: -- the satelite’s trajectory -- it’s off
dialog: target --
dialog: 142.
dialog: Trevelyan turns --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: How far off target?
text: Another technician maps the trajectory on the visual display
dialog: screen --
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN #2
dialog: It’s headed for us, sir --
text: Trevelyan looks at the visual display screen -- which confirms
text: the truth -- the satelite is already south of New York and is
dialog: clearly headed down --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Then shut it down -- and retarget --
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: -- the access codes have been altered --
text: As this is going on, Bond looks down at his watch -- the rythmic
text: flashing of the signal light has grown more rapid --
scene_heading: IN THE SECOND LEVEL - THE DETONATOR
text: on the block of Semtex is flashing at the same quickened pace --
scene_heading: IN_THE CONTROL ROOM - TREVELYAN
text: furiously turns around to face Bond and Marina -- Marina eyes
dialog: him directly --
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: You’re welcome --
dialog: -- as --
scene_heading: IN_THE SECOND LEVEL - THE DETONATOR‘S FLASHING LIGHT
text: becomes constant -- the detonator sparks the Semtex -~-
text: -- and detonates, taking out the two nearest airplanes,
text: creating a chain reaction of explosions in the hangar --
scene_heading: IN THE CONTROL ROOM
text: The effects of the blast are felt as the room rocks as if hit
text: by an earthquake -- catching everyone unaware -- except Bond --
text: -- Bond slams the guard behind him off his feet -- as the one
text: in front of him aims his gun, Bond stiff-arms his chin with
text: enough force to break his neck -~- the guard sprawls backward
text: into one of the banking computer terminals --
text: -- Bond grabs Marina’s hand and runs for the cage door -~ as --
dialog: 143.
text: -- the first guard Bond knocked to the floor aims his machine
text: gun at them and fires a burst --
text: -- Bond’s left arm is hit but he and Marina make it behind
text: some of the computer machinery -- so no more shots are fired --
text: and they escape through the cage door.
text: With the sound of another BLAST, there is panic in the room --
text: technicians start to shout and get up -- but Trevelyan maintains
dialog: control --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Stay where you are --
dialog: (to head technician)
dialog: -- and undo whatever’s she’s done --
dialog: (still sure of victory)
dialog: We have time.
scene_heading: IN THE RISING ELEVATOR ~- BOND AND MARINA
text: Grimacing in pain, Bond checks his arm -- the bullet’s gone
text: through. Not a mortal wound, but it’s already been a tough
text: morning. Bond turns to Marina -- and manages a smile -~
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (through pain)
dialog: Nicely done. Another intercept code?
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (nods)
dialog: With an encryption on it so they can’t
dialog: reaccess the satelite --
dialog: (worried)
dialog: James ~- your arm --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (cuts her off)
dialog: Is there a chance they can break through
dialog: that code and retarget the satelite?
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: The Tempest will get here in five
dialog: minutes --
dialog: (upset)
dialog: -- if they’re fast enough -- they might.
speaker_heading: RVI Ts: = CLIFF W.
text: near the hangar explodes with devastating seismic force --
text: rattling one of the support towers --
speaker_heading: TRAN; CATWi
text: -~ the support towers dangerously sway as if there were an
text: earthquake -- some of the metalwork of the upper transmitter
text: creaks and breaks -- and there’s a whipsaw effect on the
text: catwalk -- the catwalk’s side guide lines snap as the bottom
dialog: of it is thoroughly shaken --
dialog: 144,
text: -- a guard who was standing where the catwalk meets the
text: transmitter is thrown to his death -- as he falls, he drops his
text: machine gun on the transmitter’s platform --
text: -- the guard falls five hundred feet into the dish -- his body
text: shattering a segment of the dish and punching a hole in it --
scene_heading: AT THE HILLSIDE ENTRANCE - BOND AND MARINA
text: Marina helps a weakened Bond out of the entrance -- in front of
text: them is the catwalk -- and the dangerously swinging
text: transmitter. Bond looks ahead, determined, taking Marina’s arm
dialog: off him --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I have to make certain that Trevelyan
dialog: can’t transmit out.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: James -- when the Tempest fires, that
dialog: whole platform will be electrified --
dialog: you can’t --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: There’s no other way --
text: Bond stops -- and softens a bit. Resigned. He knows there’s no
dialog: way he can get back off that platform alive.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: After it’s over -- find the helicopter.
dialog: Try to radio out for help.
text: With his good arm, Bond draws Marina into a passionate kiss --
text: clearly a goodbye kiss. Bond abruptly breaks it off -- Marina
text: can only watch as he runs down the hill and
text: ONTO THE UNRAVELLING CATWALK
text: -- the guidelines on the side are useless, as they’re severed
text: and dangling in several spots -- the bottom planks are pitching
dialog: up and down --
text: ~- Bond weaves left and right to maintain his balance as he runs
text: toward the transmitter -- as he looks ahead he sees -~
scene_heading: BOND'S POV - SAVATIER
text: is ahead of him -- inside the girders of the triangular
text: configuration of the transmitter, waiting for Bond, as
text: unconcerned by his arrival as he is by the fact that the
dialog: transmitter is swinging all over --
dialog: -- the transmitter, nonetheless, is doing its thing -- the ~
text: half-moon segment of girders at the bottom is rotating around
dialog: a circular track for better brodcasting position --
dialog: 145.
text: -- Bond’s POV shifts up to the end of the catwalk above
text: Savatier, where the loose _qun slides on the edge of the
dialog: swaying catwalk --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: staggers faster across the pitching catwalk, to reach the
text: platform’s edge -- the gun slides along from side to side -- its
dialog: stock catches on the edge -~
text: -- and finally the gun clatters off the platform as --
scene_heading: VIEW DOWN - BOND
text: desperately dives for it, flattening out on the platform -- his
text: arm stretches down for it, his fingers just brush it as it
text: falls irretrievably into the dish --
dialog: -- and Savatier s_in ders w m -- he reaches
dialog: up, ond and @: down him a t
dialog: the girders --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: painfully collides against one of the upper triangular girders,
dialog: the wind knocked out of him --
text: -- and he falls onto the circular rotation track of the
text: dish, dazed and unmoving, as the barrel-sized guide wheels
text: advance, GRINDING toward him, with enough force and weight to
dialog: crush him --
scene_heading: C OL _ Ri - THE HEAD TECHNICIAN
text: is hacking his way through a maze of programming codelines --
text: Trevelyan watching over his shoulder --
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (sweating it)
dialog: Almost there --
dialog: (a few taps)
dialog: -- the blocking code’s off --
dialog: (more tapping)
dialog: -- starting the cancellation coding
dialog: sequence --
scene_heading: ON THE CIRCULAR RAILING - BOND
text: clears his head enough to roll out of the way of the advancing
text: wheel -- and into the moving half-moon girders underneath --
speaker_heading: SAVATIER
text: easily swings down after him -- obviously in better shape than
dialog: Bond at the moment -- as --
dialog: 146.
scene_heading: IN THE HALF-MOON GIRDERS - BOND
text: gets his footing underneath the advancing wheel on the girders
text: there -- and testing a loosened steel bar, YANKS it free -- and
text: shoves it up between the steel wheel and the guide rail --
text: ~- the machinery GRINDS loudly, trying to keep moving -~ but it
text: comes to a reluctant stop as the engines keep pushing --
scene_heading: LONG SHOT OF HALF MOON GIRDERS
text: as they stop their rotation under the trangular section -- we
text: can Savat is swinging down closer to Bond -- but
scene_heading: IN THE HALF-MOON GIRDERS - BOND
text: rapidly climbs down the girders to try to get to the fan
text: antenna at the end -- the broadcast point -- Savatier is close
dialog: behind --
scene_heading: Cc. Ez EST CO! OL _COl R_SCRE’
text: The targeting and location numbers are rapidly intersecting --
text: lower text on the screen shows the words --
scene_heading: MISSION ABORT SIGNAL - TRANSMITTING
text: -- but this is followed on screen by a blinking --
scene_heading: SIGNAL INCOMPLETE
scene_heading: COMP ‘ONTRO: - THE TECHNICIAN
dialog: is sweating -- things should be going his way now -- but -~
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (really worried now)
dialog: There’s some kind of interference --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Enter it again --
scene_heading: AT THE EDGE OF THE HALF-MOON GIRDERS - CLOSE ON BOND
text: who is the source of interference -- bracing himself at the
text: pointed edge of the half-moon girders,: he kicks open a
text: junction box, which starts sparking -- he kicks at it again --
text: ~- but Savatier arrives -- and delivers a powerful, fly-swatting
text: backhand that sends Bond reeling against the opposite
dialog: girders -- as --
speaker_heading: E LW:
text: -- both of the guide motors overheat and smoke, straining
dialog: against the blockage --
dialog: 147.
scene_heading: IN THE HALF-MOON GIRDERS - BOND
text: is stunned -- but he’s also had enough -- adrenalin kicks in as
text: Savatier rushes him -- Bond grabs the girders above him and
text: braces to powerfully kick Savatier in the chest, knocking him
text: back against the opposite girders --
text: -- behind them, the junction box on the antenna sends up a jet
dialog: of sparks -- it’s shorting out --
scene_heading: IN OUTER SPACE - THE TEMPEST
text: satelite’s gas jets cut off as it coasts to firing position --
text: its shape detonation cone fans out --
scene_heading: IN COMPUTER CONTROL CENTER - TREVELYAN
text: sees evidence everywhere that it’s over -- numbers are ticking
text: closer on the screen, the visual tracker shows it’s right
dialog: overhead --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Shut it down! Now!
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: -- it’s impossible --
text: Trevelyan backs away from the console, bearing a striking
text: resemblance to a captain on a rapidly sinking ship -- the
text: technicians at the other consoles panic and abandon their
dialog: terminals --
scene_heading: WITHIN THE HALF~MOON GIRDERS - SAVATIER
text: shakes off Bond’s kick and decides it’s time to finish the
text: job ~- he crosses back to Bond and pins him against a girder,
text: his forearm pressing firmly against Bond’s windpipe --
dialog: -- above them -~-
text: ON THE CIRCULAR RAILWAY
text: -- the engines, straining against the blocked guide wheel, win
text: out -- the wheel moves past the blockage --
scene_heading: LONG SHOT OF HALF-MOON GIRDERS
text: as they whip around the circular track a lot faster than
dialog: they’re supposed to --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HALF-MOON GIRDERS - SAVATIER AND BOND
text: are knocked away from the girder ~- and are thrown about like
text: dice in a cage -- Bond grabs hold of a side girder for
dialog: support -~- as --
dialog: 148.
scene_heading: ON THE CIRCULAR RAILWAY - THE BRAKES
text: that hold the half-moon locked in place give and -- there are
text: four of them -- as the first one snaps --
scene_heading: LONG SHOT OF HALF-MOON GIRDERS
text: as the whole thing starts to slide off their rollers ~~ the
text: entire thing is coming loose from the circular railway -- as
text: the second set of brakes snaps --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HALF-MOON GIRDERS - BOND
text: keeps hold of the girder as the whole configuration accelerates
text: its slide down and off the track -- we hear the sound of the
text: third set of brakes snap -- as it picks up speed it runs
dialog: through the fourth and final set of brakes --
scene_heading: THE HALF-MOON GIRDERS COMPLETELY CLEAR THE TRACK
text: and are falling into the dish, their speed taking them under
dialog: and parallel to the catwalk --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE FALLING GIRDERS - BOND
text: moves closer to the point -- and as the girders sail past a
dialog: severe ide line d ing from the catw --
text: -- Bond leaps off the girders and toward the line -- he grabs
text: it, swinging to the side, holding on with one hand and lashing
text: the rope around his forearm with the other -~- as --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TEMPEST CONTROL COMPUTER SCREEN
text: as the targeting and location numbers lock into place --
scene_heading: IN OUTER SPACE ~ THE TEMPEST
text: stabilizes -- aims the cone down -- and detonates -- as --
scene_heading: OVER THE DISH - BOND
text: helplessly dangles on the catwalk’s line --
text: -- under him, the half-moon is still falling, diving like a
dialog: downed plane ~-
scene_heading: WIDE VIEW OF DISH - AS THE TEMPEST’S DETONATION
text: sets the sky on fire with a deafening BLAST -- and the
text: electromagnetic surge flashes toward the island and into the
dialog: sh --
dialog: Ss lightning
dialog: in what's left of the transmitter skeleton --
text: an electrical blue surge shoots down around the metal dish --
dialog: 149.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: is still swinging from the rope, surrounded by lightning
dialog: strikes -- as --
scene_heading: THE FALLING HALF-MOON GIRDERS
text: are totally electrified -- Savatier is electrocuted inside
text: the girders as they finally CRASH through the dish -- and
dialog: beyond -- _c
scene_heading: INTO THE CONTROL CENTER
text: -- as the three hundred ton mesh of steel rips through the
text: concrete, caving in the roof, the Faraday cage, and the computer
text: center itself -- hitting the Tempest control computer dead
dialog: center --
text: -- the Tempest’s lightning surges through the room, killing
dialog: technicians, blowing up equipment --
text: ON THE BANKING MONITORS
text: Over a hundred screens crowded with six hundred billion dollars
dialog: worth of electronic cash on it explode --
scene_heading: UP ABOVE THE DISH - BOND
text: dangles from the still-swinging line -- the worst of the surge
text: is already over -- there is random electrical crackling in the
text: transmitter and the dish itself -- but Bond’s problems are not
dialog: over --
text: THE REST OF THE TRANSMITTER
text: has been further weakened by all this ~- loud CREAKING and
text: SNAPPING of lines and girders signal an imminent fall --
text: ON WHAT/S LEFT OF THE CATWALK ~ THE LINE
text: Bond is holding onto comes loose -- it starts to snap its
text: moorings one tie at a time -- retreating back along the
dialog: catwalk -=-
scene_heading: LONG SHOT OF BOND DANGLING
text: -- Bond can do nothing but hang on as the line gives, dropping
text: him in rapid ten foot increments down and back to the dish’s
dialog: edge --
scene_heading: ON THE CATWALK - THE LINE
text: is tearing loose toward a point where it’s severed again -- in
dialog: other words, Bond is about to start freefall --
dialog: -- the line tears loose --
dialog: 150.
text: WIDE SHOT ON BOND FALLING
text: near the edge of the dish, at least thirty feet down, the
text: useless line trailing above him -- until --
text: -- Bond slams into a panel twenty feet down from the dish’s
text: edge, and starts sliding down the panels toward the center,
dialog: out of control --
text: -- Bond grabs onto the mesh of a dish panel, braking himself
text: just over an explosion that bursts out of the ground and
text: through the dish, shattering panels and hurling them into the
text: air -- as this goes on below Bond, above him --
speaker_heading: 7 ) TFORM
dialog: is ready to go -- support lines from the towers snap --
scene_heading: IN THE DISH - BOND
text: is in the shadow of the transmitter platform as he runs up the
text: dish’s slope, which grows steeper as he gets closer to the
dialog: edge --
scene_heading: AT THE DISH’S EDGE - MARINA
text: sees Bond -- she runs along the top of a barrier at the dish’s
text: edge to get to his position, grabbing a downed line from the
dialog: transmitter -- as --
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE TRANSMITTER PLATFORM
text: finally falls -- as does the nearest crumbling support tower
text: -- with the wreckage of the catwalk streaming after it, three
text: hundred tons of steel impacts against the far end of the dish,
text: punching a fifty foot hole into the dish and through the
dialog: exploding levels of the compound --
scene_heading: VIEW DOWN ON BOND
text: -- who is clinging to a panel thirty feet above the new hole,
text: hanging on desperately against the shockwave, which is sending
text: other panels flying loose to tumble into the new hole ~-
text: -- Bond looks up as a line lands alongside him -~
speaker_heading: BOND’S POV = MARINA
text: has thrown it down from the barrier’s edge, trying to secure
dialog: it -- but as she does -~
text: irevelyan hoves into view behind her ~- looking disheveled
dialog: from his escape from the lower levels -- but more than that, he
text: looks enraged -- he forcefully grabs Marina by her arm -- and
text: intensely locks eyes with Bond as he holds her over the edge --
speaker_heading: TREVELYAN
dialog: Tell me, James -- do you ever tire of
dialog: watching the women you love
dialog: 151.
text: Trevelyan hurls her over the edge of the dish --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE DISH - MARINA PLUMMETS
text: past Bond, just beyond his outstretched arm, before she hits
text: the aluminum panels and tumbles, rolling down the dish’s
text: slope, toward the jagged edges of the hole and beyond --
scene_heading: VIEW OVER THE HOLE - MARINA
text: falls into the hole and is ensnared in a tangle of the
text: catwalk’s shredded lines, a very uncertain net over the
text: surging flames and the two hundred foot drop below her -- the
text: catwalk is snagged on two ends -- Marina’s weight pulls one of
text: the ends free, swinging her down toward the flames --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: furious, takes the line thrown down by Marina and fiercely
dialog: yanks it down --
text: -- the line tangles und Trevelyan’s ankle -- pulling him
text: off balance and rolling him into the sloping dish --
speaker_heading: ON -T Y:
text: -- Trevelyan rolls toward Bond and collides with him -- both
text: men roll down out of control to the last intact panels at the
text: jagged edge of the hole --
text: -~ Trevelyan lands on his side, and brakes himself -- stunned,
text: but not too badly -- Bond, on the other hand, lands awkwardly
text: and painfully on a metal protrusion, with a jolt against his
dialog: bullet wound -- an advantage Trevelyan presses --
text: -- Trevelyan braces himself on the panel and moves closer to
text: sadistically kick Bond in the face -~ we can see that
speaker_heading: THE PANELS
dialog: they’re fighting on are loose and can give at any time --
dialog: as --
scene_heading: DANGLING IN THE HOLE - MARINA STRUGGLES IN THE CATWALK
text: like a fly in a web -- she starts to move up, but a new
text: explosion surges flames toward her and shoots debris around
text: her -- the bottom line of the catwalk ignites and starts to
dialog: urn up --
scene_heading: BOND AND TREVELYAN - ON THE PANELS
text: Bond stabilizes and punches Trevelyan back against a panel --
text: Bond’s effort and Trevelyan’s impact both loosen the panels
dialog: further --
text: -- bloodied, Trevelyan steadies against the panel -- and draws
text: out his pistol to fire at Bond --
dialog: 152.
text: -- but Bond throws everything he’s got left into a final,
text: powerful kick at the corner of the panel Trevelyan’s on --
text: -- the last bit of metal holding it onto the dish bursts --
scene_heading: TREVELYAN’S PANEL
text: tears loose and plunges off the edge, into the hole and the
text: flames -- as he starts a two hundred foot fall --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: looks down, clinging to his panel -- which is close to going as
dialog: well --
scene_heading: BOND’S POV - TREVELYAN FALLING INTO THE HOLE
text: -- he’s just one more bit of debris as a new, huge explosion
text: FLARES up an annihilating fireball that consumes him one
dialog: hundred feet down --
scene_heading: ON THE EDGE OF THE HOLE - BOND
text: climbs up to a slightly more secure panel -- and looks to
dialog: - 0) [E_CA! SHR!
text: -- she’s climbing up -- but her swinging is loosening the few
text: Strands supporting her as the catwalk burns underneath her --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: runs across the panels -- jumping gaps and evading panels that
text: are collapsing, just in time to throw himself at the edge of
dialog: the hole --
text: -- Bond flattens on the edge of the panel and extends his good
text: arm -- the wrecked panel is being tested not just by his weight,
text: but Marina’s and that of the segment of catwalk --
text: -- Marina gets far enough up the strands to grab Bond’s hand
dialog: as --
text: THE CATWALK’S SUPPORTING STRANDS
text: tear off and fall away underneath her --
text: ~- the entire catwalk spirals into the fiery abyss --
text: -- but Bond maintains his grip on Marina -- she grabs hold of
text: the jagged panel with another hand, and climbs up onto the shaky
dialog: panel with Bond --
scene_heading: WIDE ON DISH - BOND AND MARINA
text: move up the dish as quickly as possible as the explosions
text: intengity. BLASTING through the hole --
text: ~- they get to the edge -- and climb over the barrier --
dialog: 153.
text: ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DISH EDGE BARRIER
text: -- Bond helps Marina over -- as the sounds of blasts rumble
text: through the dish and under them --
text: -- Marina looks like she’s in shock -- but Bond knows there’s no
text: time to waste, and pulls Marina toward a gap in the hillside --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Come on -- this way --
text: As they run through the gap --
scene_heading: IN [ORY SUBL ~ EXPLOSIVE CRATES
text: are starting to go -- one segment detonates, as above --
scene_heading: IN THE ROCK CLEARING - WIDE SHOT
dialog: -- we see that this is perched exactly over the armo: --
text: blasts rip through the ground, making this look like a
text: minefield under siege -- at the far end of it is the helicopter,
dialog: which is momentarily intact --
dialog: -- entering at the other end, are --
speaker_heading: BOND AND MARINA
text: -- Bond leads Marina through a very dangerous hundred yard dash,
text: zig-zagging through the new ‘explosions ripping through the
text: earth and the fire and chasms left by the older ones ~-
text: ~~ finally they reach the helicopter and get in --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER - BOND
text: allows himself a look of relief -- a premature one -- as he
text: pushes a start button -- nothing happens -- he jabs it
dialog: again --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Congratulations -- you’ve downed your
dialog: first American aircraft --
dialog: (tense)
dialog: -- the pulse has knocked out the
dialog: electronics.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: But this has hardened circuitry --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Not hard enough, apparently --
dialog: (sees switch)
dialog: -- there’s an auxilliary --
text: Bond hits that switch -- and there is a wonderful sound of
text: electronics humming to life -- but Bond looks down --
dialog: 154.
scene_heading: THE CONSOLE -THE SYSTEMS MONITOR
text: has come to life -- with one word -- a blinking --
speaker_heading: WAIT
scene_heading: IN THE ARMORY SUBLEVEL ~ THE EXPLOSIVES
text: are not going to wait -- crates of explosive are going off
text: sequentially down a row --
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT ON CLEARING - THE EXPLOSIONS
text: are tracking in a straight, unmistakable path toward the
dialog: helicopter --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER - BOND
text: is trying not to look at them -- his attention is focused on
scene_heading: THE SYSTEMS MONITOR
text: which reads: SYSTEM REBOOTING
text: with a bar graph: 37% COMPLETED
speaker_heading: MARINA
text: looks out her window -- which isn’t reassuring either --
speaker_heading: A_CHASM
text: is forming in the rock due to collapsing rock -- that too is
text: fast advancing toward the ground the helicopter is perched on --
speaker_heading: BOND
text: is sweating it -- his eyes are locked on the monitor screen, his
text: finger frozen on the start button -- until --
text: -- a BEEP and the bargraph announce that the system is
dialog: rebooted --
text: -- Bond instantaneously pushes the start button --
text: -- and the rotors WHINE to life -- slowly picking up speed --
scene_heading: ON THE HELICOPTER - AS THE GROUND OPENS UP UNDER IT
text: -- the rotors create enough lift for the copter to rise up
dialog: slowly instead of fall down fast --
text: -- Bond throttles the copter out and up, through the smoke and
text: flames, outracing the advancing explosions -- as --
dialog: 155.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT OF ISLAND
text: Everything left over in the armory goes up in a massive
text: fireball -- as Bond’s helicopter flies out toward the other
dialog: islands -- and safety -- we --
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. NATO COMMAND/CONTROL CENTER - DAY
text: In the monitoring center, there’s a bustle of activity as the
text: tracking screen shows that Tempest has been fired -- Orbach
text: rushes up to M and Q with the details --
speaker_heading: ORBACH
dialog: Well, if it had to go off, we couldn’t
dialog: have picked a better place --
dialog: (checks paper)
dialog: ~- sixty-nine longitude, seventeen
text: latitude -- right over the far end of the
dialog: Caribbean.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: My God -- that’s where 007’s gone --
dialog: Q
dialog: (equally worried)
dialog: If the Tempest was fired there, there’s no
dialog: electricity -- no telephones -- no
dialog: communications of any kind --
dialog: (this sounds awful to Q)
dialog: ~- heaven only knows what survival
text: conditions he’s being forced to deal with.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN HILLSIDE - PRIVATE BUNGALOW - NIGHT
text: We MOVE in over a striking view of the hills and ocean from the
text: back deck, flickering candlelight the only illumination -- past
text: trays of fruit and lobster on one table, and a cocktail shaker
dialog: dewed with condensation on another --
speaker_heading: BOND (0.S.)
dialog: Now this is intolerable --
dialog: Finally we reach
scene_heading: BOND AND MARINA - RECLINED IN A HAMMOCK
text: bandaged and rested, in casual island clothes, the candle
text: burning on the rail behind them. Bond’s dismayed look is for his
dialog: martini glass --
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I told the barman -- shaken, not
dialog: stirred.
dialog: 156.
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (laughing at him)
dialog: What is the difference?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Bruised vermouth --
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I know you’re Russian -- but don’t you
dialog: appreciate the finer things in life?
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: No, James --
text: Marina takes Bond’s martini hand and guides it toward the
text: rail -- pulling him closer to her -~
speaker_heading: MARINA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: -- I just appreciate a smooth ride.
text: Bond returns the smile -- he moves over her and into a kiss,
text: extinguishing the candle with the martini glass as he puts it on
text: the rail -- off the darkness we retreat to a -~
text: LONG SHOT OF THE ISLAND
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
scene_heading: JAMES BOND WILL RETURN
dialog: 
