dialog: 
scene_heading: GONE IN 60 SECONDS
dialog: by Scott Rosenberg
speaker_heading: 4/6/99
dialog: "I wonder," Toad said to himself presently, "I wonder
dialog: if this sort of car starts easily?"
text: Next moment, hardly knowing how it came about, he
text: found that he had hold of the handle and was turning
text: it. As the familiar sound broke forth, the old
text: passion seized on Toad and completely mastered him,
dialog: body and soul ... He increased his pace, and as the
text: car devoured the street, he was only conscious
dialog: that he was Toad once more, Toad at his best and
dialog: highest. And he sped he knew not whither, fulfilling
dialog: his instincts, living his hour, reckless of what
dialog: might come to him... "
text: -- Kenneth Grahame, "THE WIND IN THE WILLOWS"
dialog: "All the redemption I can offer, girl, is beneath this dirty
dialog: hood... "
dialog: -- Bruce Springsteen, "THUNDER ROAD"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH STREET - LOWER GRAND - NIGHT
text: The streets are empty. Low fog skims the sidewalks below a gray stew
text: of a sky. It's slightly fuzzy, slightly surreal. The vast Port of Los
text: Angeles is visible in the b.g... No cars parked here ... No cars
dialog: except -
scene_heading: A '67 SHELBY MUSTANG GT-500
text: Silver with deep grill, its sculptured side panels ending in air
text: scoops ... All cock and balls, it stands alone in the lonely cool
text: before dawn ... An old-school totem to speed and style... And then
text: SOMEONE approaches...
text: Through the mists of morning ... In leather coat and jack boots ...
text: He's early 30s, with the vaguely whimsical confidence of a shimmer
dialog: that refuses to fade ...
text: This is RANDALL RAINES, whom they call MEMPHIS - though know one's
dialog: quite sure why ... But they do know he's the auto-boost in Southern
dialog: California ...
text: Memphis approaches the Mustang with a gathering awe ... Like a desert
text: crash survivor coming upon an oasis ... He walks around it ...
dialog: Admiring it ... Adoring it ...
text: But then a FIREBIRD pulls up alongside him. Its driver -
text: ATLEY JACKSON, early 30s, handsome, jocular leans out for:
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: You gonna steal her or kneel down to
dialog: her and pray -- ?
text: Memphis looks at him, still enthralled...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON (cont'd)
dialog: I know, I know ... It's Eleanor ...
dialog: Just take her, slick. - -
text: And Atley drives off slowly, Memphis looks this way and that ...
text: No one about ... He removes a SLIM JIM from a deep pocket in his
text: coat... He slims the door panel ... Pops the button ... opens the
dialog: door ...
text: Watch him work. Quick as shit. A SCREWDRIVER appears another
text: pocket ... He pops the BUTTERFLY to the IGNITION
text: A RATCHET appears... He strips the mechanism... Now a GIZMO - a,small
text: socket-like device - is pressed into the
text: ignition ... A twist of the wrist ... And the 320-bhp 289 V8 rumbles
text: like a jackhammer. The whole thing took 20 seconds.
text: He takes a cassette TAPE from another pocket ... Slaps it into the
text: deck. Bruce Springsteen's "Ramrod" wails from the coaxials.
text: And Memphis floors it... And off they tear...
text: The look on his face suggests a supreme satisfaction ... A grand
text: re-awakening of long-dormant pleasure centers ... A speed Jones,
text: fixed and fumy ...
text: He slots in behind Atley Jackson's Firebird ... And slotting in
text: behind Memphis, in a Z-28, is DONNY ASTRICKY, mid-30s ...
text: On they go ... The fore and aft car providing escort...
text: Except that, from seemingly out of nowhere --
speaker_heading: A POLICE CAR
text: appears behind them...
text: And Donny instantly goes into diversionary tactic ... He races
text: through a STOP SIGN ... And the cruiser's bubbles flash on ... And
text: Donny is pulled-over ... Atley and Memphis drive on in their
dialog: respective vehicles...
text: The UNIFORM COP gets out of his car, goes to Donny.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Problem, Officer?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Yes. You're under arrest -- ?
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: For running a stop sign?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: For Grand Theft Auto -
dialog: And off of Donny's look --
text: We go to Memphis in the Shelby... As FOUR CRUISERS comes speeding
text: toward him, sirens wailing...
text: QUICK SHOTS of Memphis racing the Shelby through the early morning
text: harbor town streets ... Sirens peel ... Memphis turns up the music
text: ... Pins the gas ... The chase is on ...
text: Memphis maneuvers the Mustang with a dazzling aplomb... Memphis
text: gutterballing the car, skating the shoulder, the cops in heavy
dialog: pursuit ...
text: And now he's picked up another CRUISER... He passes Atley Jackson,
text: heading in the opposite direction... Atley has picked-up a pair of
dialog: cruisers himself ...
text: Memphis on a straightaway now, speeds up, feels the boost. But up
text: ahead, a ROADBLOCK has formed... How'd they get that deployed so
text: fast? And behind him, the unmarks blaze ...
text: Guns his bitch... Straight at the roadblock .. Three CRUISERS and
text: a PORTABLE WOODEN BARRICADE... Memphis pins her ... ZOOOOOM! Dead-on
dialog: to the roadblock ...
text: And, at the last moment, as the COPS dive out of the way, Memphis
text: bangs the gear shift into neutral -- yanks the parking brake --
text: And the Mustang spins on the straight -- Screeching spin ... And
text: Memphis takes the HARD LEFT ...
text: And he's managed to outrun them... Finding himself above Lower
dialog: Grand... Looking down ...
text: He can see the secondary pursuit down below ... Atley being
text: chased... IN THE DISTANCE - Atley is LAUNCHED FROM THE SHOULDER,
text: the Firebird rolling down a drainage culvert ...
text: Landing with a sickening thud on its back. Memphis is horrified.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER GRAND - LATER
text: Rescue team presence. Atley being hauled out of the wreck... His
text: leg is a torn mess ... He's barely conscious... A cuffed Donny
text: Astricky is dragged to a waiting cruiser ...
text: A POLICE CAR pulls up ... And out steps
scene_heading: DETECTIVE ROLAND CASTLEBECK
text: of G.R.A.B. The Governor's Regional Auto-theft Bureau. Castlebeck
dialog: is mid-50s, black, saturnine. - But don't let the tacit nobility
dialog: fool you - the man's a street viper ...
text: Castlebeck goes to another cop - HAWKINGS..
speaker_heading: HAWKINGS
text: Astricky. And Jackson. No sign of
dialog: Raines...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Well, then it's all for naught,
dialog: ain't it, Hawkings?
text: Castlebeck looks out over the mess ... And then looks up...
text: Because, further down Lower Grand, a car is parked. It is the
text: Shelby. With Memphis leaning against its hood...
text: Castlebeck looks around him, but no one's noticed. So he walks
text: toward it, hand on hip...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: I know you --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You know my back -
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: You want to come along quiet?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How's Atley -- ?
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Leg's all banged-up. He made a
dialog: stupid play ... He'll limp around
text: the yard up at Folsom. But
dialog: Astricky will be there to take
dialog: care of him. With their priors,
dialog: they're looking at a serious bounce --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Let them go --
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Let them go. And I'll leave ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: You'll leave -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You don't have anything on me. A
dialog: misdee auto-theft. I got no record.
dialog: I'll be out in three days, and back at
dialog: it. Or you let them go, and I give
dialog: you my word. I'm gone. And without the
dialog: ringleader ... Your tee-times have
dialog: just grown exponentially...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: I don't golf...
text: And they stare at each other, as Castlebeck considers.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK (cont'd)
dialog: I do this. And I see you again. I'll
dialog: come after you with everything I got.
dialog: you won't be able to steal a glance
dialog: at a blind man without me by your side ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You have my word...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Get out of here, then. Now.
dialog: And Memphis makes to get into the Shelby...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Leave the car, Randall ...
text: Memphis nods ... Takes one last look at the Shelby... Sorry to
text: leave it behind ... And he runs off into the mists of Lower
dialog: Grand ...
text: Castlebeck walks back toward the crime-scene tumult ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Arright, let lim go. Cite him for
dialog: rolling the stop ... And cite old
dialog: Atley for driving to endanger ...
speaker_heading: HAWKINGS
dialog: What are you talking about, Rollie? We're
dialog: springing 'em? Just like that?
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Just like that. Quit your bellyaching,
dialog: Hawkings ... And let's wrap this up ...
text: And off of Donny's surprised look, as Springsteen wails to
dialog: crescendo and we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDEPENDENCE, CALIFORNIA - DAY - 6 YEARS LATER
text: Some 400 miles North of Los Angeles, Independence is a one
text: horse town, and the horse has died... Single stop light,
dialog: single-engine firehouse, single everything. Norman Rockwell
dialog: would find this burg a snooze.. - We settle on a small,
text: GARAGE ... The peeling sign reads:
scene_heading: "L.N. ORR AUTOMOTIVE"
text: owned and operated by Memphis Raines ... In blue coveralls,
text: Memphis has a Plymouth Duster up on the lift ... With him is a kid
text: - TOM, 19... Lightnin' Hopkins' "Automobile Blues" plays through --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You know what you got here?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not really -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: There's excessive resistance in the cranking
dialog: circuit ... You know what you gotta do -- ?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not really --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You have any other answers besides
dialog: "not really"?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Right. You want to test the voltage drop ...
dialog: Use the voltmeter ... Remove the primary
text: lead from the ignitioncoil and crank her ...
dialog: See what you got ... You understand -- ?
text: Tom starts to say "not really". Instead, he nods. Memphis takes a
text: root beer from an old-style machine. He goes out ... front ... To
text: where an old Denver Pyle-coot - BUDGY - sits on a bench, smoking
text: an unfiltered Lucky ... Memphis sits beside him, pets the
text: 200-year-old DOG that lounges nearby...
speaker_heading: BUDGY
dialog: Just can't find good help these days --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: (re: cigarette)
dialog: Those things'll kill ya, Budgy --
speaker_heading: BUDGY
text: They won't have a chance. The bourbon and
dialog: bacon'll get me first...
text: Budgy cackles ... Memphis looks out at the dusty little hamlet ...
text: Budgy points at a passing car ...
speaker_heading: BUDGY (cont'd)
dialog: That one -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: 1980 Mercury Cougar. 255 cubic inch V8 ...
text: Based on the Ford Thunderbird bodyshell;
dialog: they modified the chassis, but didn't
dialog: improve its performance...
text: Budgy points at another car ... And we get the sense they play
dialog: this game every day...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: The 1970 Plymouth Road Runner. Proof
text: positive of a single all-powerful Deity.
text: The first bargain-priced muscle car
dialog: ever. They even tuned the horn to
text: resemble the "beep beep" sound of the
dialog: cartoon Road Runner ...
text: And Budgy looks impressed... As always ...
speaker_heading: BUDGY
dialog: Damn, you're good
text: Memphis nods ... Sips his root beer ...
speaker_heading: BUDGY (cont'd)
dialog: You got to bingo last night?
text: Memphis looks at him ... Can't believe it himself ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: That I did, Budgy. That I did --
text: And, from inside the garage, there's the most horrific GRIND of
text: metal on metal, as Tom has started the Plymouth -
speaker_heading: TOM (O.S.)
dialog: Uh ... Randall -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Excuse me --
text: Memphis goes back into the garage, Budgy cackles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RANCHO PALOS VERDES - BUSINESS DISTRICT
text: A FORD ESCORT - driving through the upscale streets of Palos
text: Verdes. Three KIDS, 20, inside ... The driver is FREB, a little
text: dim; in the back is MIRROR MAN, black, always wears those mirrored
text: shades ... In the passenger seat is
text: KIP - Memphis' younger brother ... The car pulls to a stop.
dialog: Fancy stores - all of them closed - line this affluent business
text: district ... Freb consults a piece of paper ...
speaker_heading: FREB
text: The corner of Hawthorne and Granvia.
dialog: Tumbler messed up. He said the Lotus
dialog: would be at the corner of Hawthorne
dialog: and Granvia --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: He didn't mess up. There it is ...
text: And he points ... To a CORNER BUILDING - EXOTIC MOTORS LTD. Twenty
text: foot high glass - windows surround a SHOWROOM of EXOTIC DREAM
text: CARS: Porsches and Ferraris, Lamborghinis and Bertones ... And-
text: there it is, a 1996 LOTUS ESPRIT V8, gleaming in the all-night
text: showroom lights...
text: Freb and Mirror Man are startled
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: That -- ?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: You're shittin', right? Kip?
text: He grins at them... He ain't shittin'...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: How are we supposed to--
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Pop the trunk. I need my tool ...
text: Freb scowls ... Pops the trunk ... Kip gets out ... Goes to the
text: back ... Freb and Mirror Man share a spook --
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: What tool -- ?
text: Kip reaches into the trunk.... Comes around to them... He's
dialog: carrying A BRICK --
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, no --
text: And Kip walks toward "Exotic Motors"... Calm and cool ...
text: Ten feet from it ... He winds up ... And HURLS THE BRICK AT
text: THE WINDOW Which EXPLODES ON IMPACT, a SHOWER OF GLASS
text: raining down ...
speaker_heading: ALARMS SQUEAL
text: As Kip walks into the showroom, glass crunching underfoot. Freb
dialog: and Mirror Man can't believe it --
scene_heading: INT. EXOTIC MOTORS
text: Kip goes to the Lotus... With nary a glance around, he's got her
text: open ... The Lotus' ALARM adds its song to the choir ... Kip,
text: unmindful, gets behind the wheel ... Screwdriver to the
dialog: mechanism... The alarm raging in here...
text: In moments, the V8's massive 349bhp is bellowing... And Mirror Man
text: climbs in beside him... And off they go ... Laying several inches
text: of English rubber. Over the broken glass and out of the
dialog: showroom...
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - PALOS VERDES - NIGHT
text: The Lotus races through these streets ... At high speeds ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Newsflash, Kip: you're driving a
dialog: stolen car
text: Kip smiles over the ascending speedometer --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Yeah. Ain't it great -- ?
text: And he pins her ... VROOOOOM -- !
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A TENNIS BALL
text: being bounced against the wall ... Caught ... Bounced again ...
dialog: Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - LONG BEACH HARBOR - NIGHT
text: A dozen purloined AUTOS are parked here ... And a number of
text: SHIPPING CONTAINERS ... A thuggish MAN reads the paper ... The
text: tennis ball bouncer is TUMBLER, 20 ... And he's sitting on a
text: tilted back chair, and wall-bouncing the ball and annoying the
dialog: piss out of
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
text: whom we remember from the drop-car at our opening ... Atley walks
dialog: with a LIMP now... Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Can you stop that, for Chrissake?
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: What's your problem, bro ?
dialog: Thunk! Thunk!
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Where are they -- ?
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: They'll be here. You nervous, bro? You? Back
dialog: in the day, they say you had anti-freeze in
dialog: them veins ... What happened -- ?
text: And Atley intercepts the tennis ball ... And hurls it over to the
text: far side of the warehouse ... Tumbler merely grins ...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER (cont'd)
dialog: Relax and enjoy --
scene_heading: EXT. SAN PEDRO STREETS - THE LOTUS
text: Heading for Long Beach... Stopped at a light ... A CAMARO pulls up
text: next to them... A KID behind the wheel, a BLONDE beside him...
text: Kip eyeballs them... Engines are revved... Challenges are
text: implied... Mirror Man panics ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
text: Stolen car, Kip. Stolen car, stolen car,
dialog: stolen car ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Stolen fast car...
text: And the light turns green ... And he pops the clutch ... And
dialog: they are off ... It's a good old fashioned drag race ... Kip
text: smiles at the blonde ... Mirror Man is freaking out ... Kip's
text: eyes are on fire ... He clocks the speedometer ...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: It's calibrated for 140 ... Let's see
dialog: if these British boys are full of shit
dialog: or not --
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: No way, man --
text: Yes, way. Kip floors it. They bury the Camaro in its wake... The
text: gauge rising ... 90, 100, 110 ... Mirror Man is having an
dialog: embolism...
text: They warp-speed by a POLICE CRUISER... Both kids totally unaware
text: of the POLICE CHOPPER up on high... With them in its sights ...
text: And they drive ... At last, ending up at --
text: THE WATERFRONT - A dark latticework of docks and wharves,
text: warehouses and shipping crates... The freighters are somehow
text: graceful against the moonlit water ...
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: Tumbler studies his watch... Now he's a little concerned ... He
text: looks up ... Atley is glaring at him...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Something wrong, Tumbler -- ?
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Yeah. I'm missing Springer --
text: And then the Lotus pulls into the warehouse... Tumbler flashes
text: Atley a "told-you-so" smile... Kip and Mirror Man get out of the
dialog: car...
text: Kip walks over to a CLIPBOARD with a magic marker tethered to it
text: ... It is a list of cars ... He draws a black line through "13)
text: 1996 Lotus Esprit V8"... The others are clocking the car...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: She'll go 0 to 60 in 4.9 seconds --
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: I can vouch for that.
text: Tumbler passes out 40 oz.s ... The vibe is celebratory...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Thirteen down ... Thirty-seven to go ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: No problem -
text: Bottles are clinked... Beer is sipped ... Only, a HOT WHITE
text: SPOTLIGHT bores through the skylight ... And the whup-whup of the
text: chopper's ROTORS... And now the sounds of SIRENS ... And the
text: thuggish man gets to his feet ...
speaker_heading: THUGGISH MAN
dialog: Let's get outta here -- !
text: And they do... Heading out the back ... It's tough for Atley with
text: his limp ... On the way out:
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Now you gone and done it, Raines
dialog: And they flee ...
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - LATER - NIGHT
text: A HALF-DOZEN POLICE CARS. The CHOPPER does the usual
text: spotlight-trailing... It's turned into a total pig
text: circus ... A car pulls to a stop ... And out steps Detective
dialog: Roland Castlebeck, whom we remember from our opening...
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: Castlebeck surmises the take ... The cars ... His partner
text: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF - a sneering Irish boy with zero patience -
text: comes out from the back ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: They're gone...
text: Castlebeck nods ... Looks at the cars ...
scene_heading: INT. "L.N. ORR AUTOMOTIVE" - INDEPENDENCE - DUSK
text: Memphis goes through invoices in the cluttered back office. When a
text: brand new purple MERCEDES SLK, windows tinted, pulls in out front.
text: It looks oddly anachronistic here in Independence. Memphis senses
text: danger. He goes out. Budgy and his dog are here... Budgy looks
dialog: spooked... Tom, too ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What's going on -- ?
text: And standing there, by the Mercedes, like a wraith, is ATLEY
text: JACKSON, in long leather coat, smoking a cigarette ... As out of
dialog: place here as a maggot on a muffin...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Well, well, well ...
text: And he begins to sing...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON (cont'd)
scene_heading: (ANDY GRIFFITH theme)
text: Da-doo-doo-doo-da-doo-doo-doo, etc.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Are you kidding me, man -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Hello, Atley ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON (re: sign)
dialog: L.N. ORR. I get it. Clever ...
text: Memphis studies him...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How's the leg?
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Only hurts when I breathe. Lookit
dialog: you. Where are Barney Fife and Aunt
dialog: Bea hanging out? And Opie ... Where's
dialog: Opie at?
text: He laughs some more ... Chain-lights his cig ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Is there someplace we can talk?
text: Memphis looks at him...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: About your brother. And the deeeep
dialog: shit he's in --
scene_heading: INT. TEDDY'S TAVERN - NIGHT
text: A BARMAID sets down a pitcher of beer and two mugs...
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: There you go --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Thanks, Donna --
text: She leaves... Atley is staring at him... Memphis shrugs...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: It's been a long time, Memphis --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Six years ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Six years. Shit. Time flies, don't it?
dialog: Six years ago we were fartin' through
text: Armani and pissin' Cristal.
dialog: Now look at us ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Tell me about Kip -
text: Atley takes a sip of his beer,...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: He took a job. And he fumbled it.
text: Now he's jammed-up. Jammed-up bad...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What kind of job... ?
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: A boost. A big boost ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: A boost? What's Kip doing on a boost?
text: Atley frowns ... Looks at him...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: You're shittin', right?
dialog: Clearly Memphis is not ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON (cont'd)
dialog: Kip's become quite the little
dialog: crewrunner since you left. He's been
dialog: working a low-rent ring for
dialog: two years now. You don't talk to
dialog: your Ma?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: It seems she neglected to mention it
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Maybe she don't know. Although I don't
dialog: see how that could be. Maybe she didn't
dialog: want to upset you -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Don't feel the need to explore my family
dialog: dynamics, Atley...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: The point is: Kip's been living the
dialog: life. Only he's a wild child. Crazy.
dialog: Makes our old behavior seem like
dialog: altar boy time. But he fungold this
dialog: one so bad, folks around L.B.
dialog: are already speakin' about him in
dialog: the past tense.
text: Memphis takes a beat ... Sips at his brew ... Then:
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Who was the job for?
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Who do you think?
text: Memphis waits ... In no mood for guessing games ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON (cont'd)
dialog: Calitri, man. Raymond "The Carpenter"
dialog: Calitri ... Your favorite and mine ...
dialog: Which means nothing to us ... Though the look on Memphis, face
dialog: speaks volumes ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON (cont'd)
dialog: I just thought you should know,
dialog: man. I kind of had a feeling you
dialog: didn't. But I should tell you:
dialog: I'm working for him now - The
dialog: Carpenter - so if you see him, you
dialog: won't mention me coming to get
dialog: you... Like I said: I just thought
dialog: ... I owed you ... And that it was
dialog: the right thing to do ...
text: Memphis nods ... His face clenched in despair. We FADE TO BLACK,
text: As a SUPER on-screen reads: PART 1: STOLEN MOMENTS
text: We PRE-LAP J. Geils Band's "Hard-Drivin' Man" and CUT TO:
text: THREE PLATES OF BACON, EGGS AND HASH BROWNS
text: placed on the service deck by a short-order COOK...
scene_heading: INT. RUBY'S ALL-NITE - LONG BEACH - NIGHT
text: A 24-hour diner in the heart of Long Beach... The three plates are
text: picked-up with an impressive dexterity by
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
text: early 60s, clear-eyed... In pink Ruby's uniform and chunky
text: shoes... Black currant hair striated with wisps of gray... Helen
text: delivers the plates to a booth of college kids ...
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Can I get some more coffee -- ?
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: Sure, hon ...
dialog: And she goes to the coffee station... When
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (O.S.)
dialog: Who's a guy gotta know to get a tuna
dialog: melt in this joint -- ?
text: And she turns around to see Memphis standing there. Her expression
dialog: displays many things ... Most of them joy ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Hello, Ma --
text: And she goes to Memphis ... Wraps her arms around him ... Squeezes
dialog: tight ...
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, Randall ...
text: She takes his head in her hands ... Kisses his cheek ... Then the
text: other... Hugs on ... Unmindful of the customers ... The cook
text: smiles from behind the order wheel ...
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: What's the word, Memphis -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How ya doing, Ruby -- ?
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: Come, come, come ...
text: And she leads him over to a booth ... Barking to the cook - RUBY -
dialog: on the way...
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES (cont'd)
dialog: Tuna melt on pumpernickel. Provolone,
dialog: extra tomato, Dijon... And a chocolate
dialog: milk... Lots of syrup...
dialog: (to Memphis)
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Right ...
text: And they settle in ... Across the booth from each other ... She
dialog: takes his hands...
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: You look good...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You, too, Ma...
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: What are you doing back?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How's Kip?
text: And Helen flushes, a bit ashamed maybe ...
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: Have you seen him?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: oh.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Atley Jackson came to see me ...
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: Atley Jackson. How is that one?
dialog: How's the leg... ?
text: He looks at her ... Beat ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Why didn't you tell me?
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: I couldn't. I didn't want you to
dialog: worry. I thought held sort himself
text: out. I hardly see him. He comes and
dialog: goes. He's in trouble, isn't he?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: He's in some trouble ...
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: I knew it. He's changed, Randall. He's a
dialog: different boy. He's lost that... That
dialog: sweetness ... It's gone ... And I don't
dialog: know what to do ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You getting my checks ... ?
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: Of course ...
text: ANGLE - RUBY. He's on the PHONE in the kitchen...One eye
dialog: on Memphis and Helen --
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Detective Castlebeck... It's me ...
dialog: Yeah... You ain't never gonna guess
dialog: who just come in to visit his Ma --
text: BACK TO - MEMPHIS AND HELEN RAINES ...
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES (cont'd)
dialog: You haven't spoken to him in a
dialog: while, I guess...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: He doesn't return my calls. or my
dialog: letters ...
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: Kipling was sixteen when you left, baby.
dialog: I don't know what you remember of him.
dialog: But you should brace yourself
text: And, on her sad smile, we PRE-LAP Sammy Hagar's "I Can't Drive 55"
dialog: and SLAM CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. "THE SIDE POCKET" - POOL HALL - NIGHT
text: A dozen tables... Smells of blue chalk and whiskey... The juke box
dialog: cranked... We take it to the back of the joint ... Where Kip, and
text: Tumbler and Mirror Man are knocking a rack... Freb sits nearby,
text: with a few badly made-up GIRLS...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: ... so ... It's my new move ... It's called
dialog: "The Stranger." What I do is, I sit on
dialog: my hand for 10 minutes. Till it falls
text: asleep. Till it's good and numb. No feeling.
text: And then I jerk off.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: That's disgusting -
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: What's the point, man -- ?
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Cos it's like you're bein' done by a stranger
dialog: ... It rocks ... It's the power move of the
dialog: New Millennium...
text: He sinks another ball. A kid, 15, TOBY - comes up to them.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Hey, Kip, what's up?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: What do you say, Toby?,
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I'm cool -
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: What do you want, shithead?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Why you gotta front me like that? I'm
dialog: talking to Kip --
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Why don't you leave him alone?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I known Kip longing than you, man ...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Oooh, ain't you the lucky duck --
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Any word, Kip -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: No ... And they won't take my calls ...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: What does that mean -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: It ain't what you'd call a "good sign"
dialog: He groks their fear...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: Look - we managed to get 13 in a week.
dialog: We just gotta step it up ...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: But we only got till Friday. That's
dialog: four days. And we lost the 13. So's
dialog: we gotta start over ...
text: Kip looks at him...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: That, too ...
dialog: (off of Freb's look of fright)
dialog: Don't sweat it, Freb. We're cool.
text: ANGLE THE FRONT DOOR. For Memphis has entered. He
text: clocks the room. Sees them at the rear ... Walks back
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: It can be done, man. We just gotta
dialog: step it up... It's a challenge ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: The challenge is not to get our nuts
text: cut-off and shoved down our throats ...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Can I help you, pal -- ?
text: And Kip looks up ... To see Memphis there ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Hey, Kip ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hello, Memphis --
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: "Memphis?" You're Memphis?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: That's right...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Damn. Damn, damn, damn ...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Memphis. Holy shit. It's an honor,
dialog: man --
text: And he pumps his hand... Memphis continues to stare at Kip
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: It's good to see ya, man. You changed
dialog: your look -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You, too
text: Hold the stare... The others are excited...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: What are you doing back, Memphis?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Little visit. Check on the family.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: It's nice to see ya, man -
text: He smiles ... Memphis eyeballs him... Toby is there ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Hey, Memphis. Remember me? Toby
dialog: Walker. I live next door ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Sure. Hey, Toby. You grew up
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yeah, I'm cool ...
text: And Memphis turns back to Kip, who's picked up a pool cue.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Who's got next game -- ?
dialog: And he makes to rack 'em up ... Then:
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: I get it. You ain't gotta be a genius:
dialog: Memphis come back to save our bacon!
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Shut-up, Mirror Man --
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Izzat true? You come back to save our
dialog: bacon?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Of course it's true. He come to save
dialog: his brother's dangling ass --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: That can't be it. Cos we don't need
dialog: saving
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: We don't -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: He give you an advance -- ?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Hell, yeah. Ten larger man
text: Kip shoots him a look... As if he's spoken out of turn ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You just give 'im back the money.
dialog: All's well...
text: The others look glum... Kip laughs ... Long and hard...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: "Give lim back the money." "Give 'im
dialog: back the money..." Be nice. If only
dialog: we didn't drink the money. And smoke
dialog: the money. And buy Nikes with the
dialog: money. And Sony Play Stations with the
dialog: money. And dirty girls with the
dialog: money...
text: And Kip sinks a ball ... Memphis looks at the others ... They
dialog: nod... It's true ... The money's gone ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: But don't worry, man. Things are all
dialog: sweetness and light here...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
text: Things are all leafy and suburban ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: The hell they are --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Sure they are. Although we do appreciate the
dialog: gesture, Memphis. But we do got it handled...
dialog: And it was nice to see you -- -
text: Memphis nods ... Looks at all of them... Smiles ... And then
text: REACHES OUT, GRABBING Kip by the collar, yanking him to his feet
text: and in close, nose to nose ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You listen to me, baby brother. You fancy
dialog: yourself some reat neat tough guy scumbum,
dialog: well, woop-tee-doo, little puppy with a
dialog: poundcake. But I remember the days when you
dialog: used to steal my Colorforms and eat 'em...
dialog: So you can't stop me from saving your
dialog: "dangling ass' if that's what I feel like
dialog: doing...
text: And with that, he shoves Kip back down into his seat, toppling the
text: table, bottles and glasses crashing... And barrels away from them,
text: the crowd parting like a wound...
text: Kip's crew left stunned, flustered, and maybe a bit impressed...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Damn... Homeboy's on the dazzle ...
text: And, off of Kip's furious look, we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH HARBOR - NIGHT
text: A chill in the air. Memphis walks toward a range of lowslung
dialog: buildings ...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODBURN SCRAP AND METAL - NIGHT
text: A virtual cityscape of dismantled automobile carcasses, piled up
text: high for as far as the eye can see ... A huge FORK LIFT scoops up
text: a wreck and hauls it over to the CRUSHER... Watch as the car is
dialog: FLATTENED, for easy shelving ...
text: Midnight auto nonpareil ... To one side of the yard is a GARAGE:
text: Watch as a HONDA ACCORD, with a BLOODY WINDSHIELD, enters the
text: garage. A young Mexican KID driving.
text: A SIGN: "LOCK YOUR CAR OR IT MAY BE GONE IN 60 SECONDS!"
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - CHOP SHOP
text: A CAR is CHOPPED ... Pulled apart ... Fenders, doors, panels,
text: interiors, air bags ...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODBURN SCRAP AND METAL - FRONT ENTRANCE
text: Memphis knocks on the door ... A dog-faced MAN opens it ...
speaker_heading: DOG-FACE
dialog: Yeah -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Randall Raines to see Mr. Calitri ...
scene_heading: INT. WOODBURN SCRAP AND METAL
text: Memphis follows Dog-face to the back of this building. Follows him
text: into another room. Which is
speaker_heading: A WORKSHOP
text: An enormous WOODWORKING SHOP, fully tricked-out with state-of-the-
text: art table saws and drill presses, jointers and power planes.
text: An antique treadle lathe stands in one corner. A stock layout of
text: expensive woods - oak, birch, maple, cherry, mahogany - is stacked
text: against the rear wall ...
text: Jars and bottles and cakes of glues, resins, stains and bleaches
text: cram a shelf unit ... There's a MAN here, at a band saw. This is
scene_heading: RAYMOND CALITRI, 59 ...
text: He wears an apron, protective glasses and a lopsided sneer. A
text: Richard Widmark motherfucker - with the diamond hard look of a
dialog: cobra. The liegelord of downtown...
text: And now he works the a hand saw, making critical cross-cuts on a
text: wide panel of maple ... Atley Jackson is here as well ... As noisy
text: as it is out in the yard, in here, once the door is closed, it's
dialog: as SILENT-as a tomb...
text: A BANK OF MONITORS on one wall show the cars being crushed and
text: disassembled in the yard. Memphis is led into the room.
text: Calitri nods and Dog-face leaves the room... Calitri smiles ...
dialog: Examines his fresh cut...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Randall Raines ... It's been a long time ...
dialog: (looks at his clothes;)
dialog: frowns)
dialog: 'though I do I recall you as a man
dialog: with style. You remember your old
dialog: friend, Atley -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How ya doing?
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Good to see you, Memphis --
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: So. What do we owe the honor -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: It's about my brother ... Kip...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Yes ... Kip ...
text: He says the name like other men say "cancer." The phone on
text: his desk BLINKS. Calitri picks it up. Listens. Looks at
text: one of the monitors. Where the Mexican man is talking to
text: several Calitri EMPLOYEES. Calitri hangs up...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Excuse me one moment, Randall ...
text: And he picks up a MORTISE CHISEL on his way out. Palming it ...
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - THE MEXICAN MAN
text: is sobbing. As Raymond Calitri marches toward him, glancing at the
text: bloodied windshield.
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: You bring this to me in this
dialog: condition? Blood and guts all
dialog: over it? You make me complicit?
dialog: On my property? Who taught you
dialog: how to think? And worst of all:
dialog: weren't there supposed to be two
dialog: Hondas?
speaker_heading: THIEF
dialog: Please ...
text: And Calitri, rapid-fire, PUNCTURES the man's belly and chest and
text: legs with the chisel, old-school prison-shiv style ... Until the
text: man is on the floor, howling ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Stupid sonuvabitch...
scene_heading: INT. CALITRI'S WORKSHOP
text: Memphis can-see this from one of the monitors. He looks at
dialog: Atley...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
text: Car-jacker. Neglected to clean up after
dialog: himself ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Jesus ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: The business has changed...
text: Calitri is back, wiping the sweat from his brow with a rag.
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Now. Where were we? Oh, yes. Kip.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I don't want him hurt...
text: Calitri looks at him, then waves a hand around the shop...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: I'm proud of this work. The bird
text: feeder. The wagon wheel planter.
text: The dollhouse. The drop-leaf movable
dialog: server...
text: He gestures to each item - exquisitely-rendered woodwork. Then
text: gestures to the yard...
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
text: Metal. Steel. It's cold. Ugly. Wood
text: is warm. Clean. Provided by nature.
text: To see a piece of furniture take shape.
dialog: It's like watching a child grow ...
text: Memphis glances to Atley... Atley shrugs ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I'm sure you're working your way to
dialog: the point. I'll wait right here ...
text: Calitri blinks. Smiles. Nods...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: My point. Yes. Simple, really. I require
dialog: the best. I insist on the best. I only
dialog: engage the best. Your brother. His
dialog: friends. They came to me. They wanted my
dialog: paper. He was your brother. You were the
dialog: best. Now. They've brought so much
dialog: goddamn heat down, I may not be able to
dialog: fill this order. Which would be very bad
dialog: for me. Which in turn, is very bad for
dialog: them...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I could kill you. That occurred to me.
dialog: When I first heard about this. That I
dialog: would kill you ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Grow up. You don't kill people like me.
dialog: People like me die in their sleep at
dialog: 87 ... Do you know why? Because if
dialog: you did kill me, and everyone knew it
dialog: was you - for the next ten years they'd
dialog: be finding pieces of those you love
dialog: scattered all over California ...
text: Memphis nods, notes a PISTOL, resting on a shelf nearby.
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
dialog: No, no. You don't kill me, because
dialog: you can't. You don't take your brother
dialog: and run, because we'd find him. You
dialog: don't go to the-police, because we have
dialog: friends there, too. You do nothing:
dialog: except deal with me.
text: Memphis eyes him...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I can come up with the front money.
dialog: Pay you back...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Were it only that easy. I have
dialog: obligations. The order needs to be
dialog: filled...
text: Calitri takes a manila ENVELOPE from his desk... Hands it to
text: Memphis, who takes out the SINGLE SHEET OF PAPER inside.
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
dialog: On that list, you'll find fifty cars.
dialog: Fifty. Five-zero. They range in
dialog: age from the 1956 Ford Thunderbird
dialog: to the 1999 Toyota Camry; and in
dialog: expense from the 1993 Volkswagen
dialog: Jetta to the 1988 Lamborghini
text: Countach. Fifty cars. Five-zero.
text: Memphis scans the list ... Looks up at Calitri ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
text: There is a container ship in Long
dialog: Beach Harbor. Pier 14. Ready to be
dialog: loaded with 4-car-per shipping
text: containers, false-walled and
dialog: customsprofiled as motor oil
text: designated. The ship leaves in four
dialog: days for South America and the
dialog: men who've tendered me this contract ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: They gave you only four days?
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: They gave me two weeks. I wasted most of it
dialog: with your brother and his crew, who not
dialog: only lost what pitiful few they managed
dialog: to boost, but also alerted the heat as to our
dialog: endeavor, making this even more difficult
dialog: to achieve ...
text: Memphis scans the list ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
dialog: Four days. 50 cars. I'm paying 200
dialog: thousand dollars ...
text: Now Memphis looks up...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I'm not interested --
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: I knew you'd say that.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I'm just here about my brother.
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: I knew you'd say that, too --
text: Calitri smiles ... Memphis 'looks at him... At Atley Realizing
dialog: the trap ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Sound it out for me.
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Your brother has four days. Fifty
dialog: cars. Five-zero. For that he gets
dialog: 200 large ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: And if he doesn't make it -- ?
text: Calitri goes to one corner of the shop... Takes a tarp off
text: of a full couch MAHOGANY CASKET...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: I made this, too. My first one.
text: Brass extension handles, not plated.
text: The coverings are silk, not rayon.
text: Expensive hardwood. And lined with
dialog: spray green Lorraine crepe ...
text: Memphis waits, knowing where this is going --
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
dialog: Yes, yes. I made it for young Kip. In
text: case he fails. At 8:00 Friday morning,
dialog: if that ship sets off without my
dialog: fifty ... Kip will take up permanent
dialog: residence in this box ...
text: Calitri WALL SWITCH and the a corrugated steel SLIDING DOOR is
text: RAISED, revealing a LOADING DOCK facing the back of the yard... Two
text: MEN are working out there... DIGGER AND BUTZ scuzzy dudes, mid-30s
text: and dressed in dirty coveralls ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
dialog: Come here for a second, boys --
dialog: And they come over --
speaker_heading: DIGGER
dialog: Evenin', Mr. C. --
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Digger, Butz: let me introduce
dialog: you to Randall Raines. Used to
text: head up the dandiest ring in
dialog: Southern Cal. Left us
dialog: for parts unknown. Randall, this
dialog: is Digger. And that's Butz -
speaker_heading: DIGGER
dialog: Hi, Randall --
text: Memphis says nothing. Calitri grins ... Nods to Digger an Butz,
dialog: who go back to work...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
text: Digger and Butz will be in charge of burial.
dialog: They're good boys ...
text: Memphis' look is cold and furious ... Plaintive:
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I don't want them hurt. Any of 'em...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: "don't want" the Dodgers to lose or
dialog: the summer to end. But we
dialog: don't get to choose these things...
text: Atley hits the wall-switch and the steel door slides shut. Calitri
dialog: turns to Memphis...
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
dialog: "Nothing that's forced can ever be
dialog: right." Old woodworking expression.
dialog: I really don't care how the 50
dialog: get onto my ship ... I just care
dialog: that they do. You decide.
text: With that, he puts his protective glasses back on - and fires up
text: an abrasive-disc-finishing machine, adjusting the miter gage and
text: beginning to sand the Outside curve of an angled chamfer.
scene_heading: EXT. HELEN RAINES' HOUSE - ESTABLISHING - NIGHT
text: A small New England-style shingle and clapboard, up on a hill
text: overlooking the port. A small GUEST-HOUSE behind it ...
scene_heading: INT. HELEN RAINES' HOUSE
text: Helen clears away the dinner dishes ... The TV is on. The news. We
text: see a CRIME SCENE ...
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: ... the car-jacking, which left Ramona
text: Sullivan, the 44-year-old mother of
dialog: three, dead, occurred last night at ...
text: Memphis glances to the TV... Grimaces ... He looks out the window
text: ... At the SEDAN parked below...
scene_heading: EXT. RAINES' HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Memphis comes out ... Moves to the sedan parked across the street
dialog: ... it is Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: I know you.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You know my back.
text: They get out of the car... The view of San Pedro from up here is a
text: spectacular bedspread of lights ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: When'd you get to town, Raines?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: The other day....
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: No particular reason. Catch a Laker game. I
dialog: heard we got Shaquille ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: Where you been, anyway?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Just out there. Roaming around. Building up my
dialog: collection of refrigerator magnets ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: You seem a little hinked-up ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Not at all ...
text: He and Castlebeck lock eyes ... Castlebeck takes a pear from his
text: coat pocket ... Sets to polishing it ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: I remember us having made some
dialog: kind of deal, Randall. I don't
dialog: remember this deal having some kind
dialog: of time-limit. I look at you -
dialog: here - in my town - and I'm
dialog: confused...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: A little family emergency --
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: I hope it's not your dear sweet
dialog: mother...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: No...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Or your baby brother. What was his
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Kip.
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Yes, Kip. Short for Kipling.
dialog: Named for the English writer
dialog: of stories about India ...
text: He bites into his pear ...
text: Memphis says nothing, waits ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK (cont'd)
dialog: I got a rash of thefts. A new crew is
dialog: making noise. We recovered a big take -
dialog: last week...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: And this has what to do with me?
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: I don't know. But you shouldn't
dialog: be here. Take care of your business.
dialog: I'll give you 24 hours. And
dialog: then I don't want to see your face.
dialog: Ever again. Make a fool of me
dialog: once, that's my bad. Make a fool of
dialog: me twice. That's really my
dialog: bad, and I'll kick your ass from
dialog: here to India ...
text: Castlebeck gives him a long look... As they walk back to the car...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Good. Cos you know how it plays.
dialog: Six years ago, I let you go free. But
dialog: the next time ... The next time sends
dialog: you away for'a long, long while ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: By the time you get out, asshole, there
dialog: won't even be cars. We'll all be cruisin'
dialog: around in space ships ...
text: He laughs... And they drive off ... Memphis watching them go ...
text: once they're gone... He walks ...
scene_heading: EXT. "THE SIDE POCKET" - BACK ALLEY EXIT - NIGHT
text: Kip comes out of the club... Toby follows ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You goin' home?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Yeah... You want a ride...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Sure -
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: How'd you get here? Your Moms give you
dialog: ride -- ?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Hell, no. I boosted a 'Vette.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: You boosted a 'Vette? Then where is it?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I dunno. It was right here. Someone
dialog: musta' boosted it back...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Damn crooks is everywhere --
text: They smile...And go to Kip's TRANS AM...
speaker_heading: TOBY (cont'd)
dialog: Memphis seemed weird, huh? What's with
dialog: them clothes? He a farmer now or
dialog: something?
text: And this seems funny to Kip... He smiles..
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Yeah. Except the only thing he's growing
dialog: is old...
text: And they are fronted by TWO GOONS ... Who toss them up against the
dialog: wall...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: What do you want -- ?
text: One of the goons SOCKS Toby in the gut. Toby doubles over. Kip
text: strains to intervene, but his goon holds him back --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Don't you do that! You leave him alone!
speaker_heading: GOON
dialog: Shaddup, Raines
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: He's got nothing to do with this --
text: And the goon punches him in the face. And Kip goes down. And out.
speaker_heading: GOON
dialog: Get him in the car
scene_heading: EXT. WOODBURN SCRAP AND METAL - NIGHT
text: Kip comes to. In his car. Hot white lights blind him. The Trans
text: Am is in the crusher. FIGURES above him. Calitri. The goons ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Hello, Kip --
text: Kip tries to get out. The doors are pinned by the forklift.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Lemme out of this --
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Were it only that easy --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: We can still do it --
text: Calitri nods ... And the crusher presses ... The roof caves a bit
text: ... Kip is close to scrunch ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: No you can't. Flies on sherbert is what you
dialog: remind me of. Because just being attracted
dialog: to something, doesn't mean you belong...
scene_heading: INT. CALITRI'S WOODSHOP
text: Atley is here, watching Calitri and Kip. one of the monitors. He's
text: miserable. But there is nothing he can do.
scene_heading: EXT. SCRAPYARD - NIGHT
text: Kip continues to struggle free...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Listen, Calitri --
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Call me "Ray." Better yet: call me
dialog: "asshole." Cos that's how you've
dialog: treated me --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I get out of this I'm gonna fuck
dialog: you up --
text: Calitri does have to admire the stones on the kid. But. Another
text: nod. Another crusher-press. Another scrunch...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: Calitri -- !
text: Nothing. Silence. Kip peers through the slit that the
text: side window has become ... Only they are gone ... And there
text: is another awful NOISE ... Kip strains to discern its
dialog: origin ... Only he can't get the angle ...
text: We can. It's a huge CRANE, tipped with a GRIPPING CLAW... It is
text: maneuvered over the Trans Am... Grasps it. . . And LIFTS IT
text: INTO THE AIR ... Kip, terrified, inside ...
text: And, as the crane dangles the Trans Am toward the black waters of
dialog: the harbor, we CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HELEN RAINES' HOUSE - KITCHEN
text: Memphis is at the kitchen table. The list of cars before him. He's
text: making notations. He gets to his feet ... He goes to check on his
text: mother ... She's asleep in her room... He closes the door ...
text: And goes back to the kitchen. He goes to a framed PHOTOGRAPH - of
text: he and Kip. Earlier times. Happier times.
text: When there is an enormous THUD! From outside. Memphis goes to a
text: window. Sees a RAMP TRUCK unloading a gnarled blob of metal.
text: Memphis runs outside. Just as the ramp truck drives off ...
text: Memphis goes to the mangled Trans Am... Leans down ... And there's
text: Kip ... Seriously smooshed in the flattened car.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Kip -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Yeah ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You all right -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I think so. There's things I can't
dialog: feel right now. Like my feet. But ...
dialog: You think you can get me outta this,
dialog: Memphis? I'd appreciate it -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Just hold-on there --
text: Memphis goes to the garage ... Finds a crowbar, an acetylene
text: TORCH, tin-snips ... He goes back to the wrecked car... And sets
text: to work... He looks at Kip ... Shakes his head...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: So you want to run that part by me
dialog: again about things being "all
dialog: sweetness and light..."
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: This has nothing to do with any
dialog: of that --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Oh. You maybe have more than one
dialog: enemy who owns a car-crusher -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: All my enemies own car crushers.
dialog: It's like a pre-requisite ... Owwww...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Easy ... Take it easy ... We're almost
dialog: there...
text: Indeed... Memphis has freed him ... Kip crawls from the wreckage
text: ... His clothes in tatters... Blood seeps from a variety of
text: contusions ... He limps ... Memphis helps him to the guest house
dialog: ...
scene_heading: INT. KIP'S GUEST HOUSE - LATER - NIGHT
text: Small, cluttered... Posters of Kurt Cobain, a skying Kobe Bryant,
text: Pamela Anderson, two nude girls draped over a glittering
text: Lamborghini Espada, etc. There's a fish tank... And a big-screen
text: TV, on which the Lakers are currently defending a high-speed
dialog: Boston Celtic fast-break...
text: Memphis sits on a ratty couch before the TV... Kip comes out of
text: the bedroom... He's changed clothes ... He wears clunky fur-lined
text: MOON BOOTS, leopard-skin Speedos and a tshirt ... He looks
dialog: slightly ridiculous...
text: Throughout the scene, Memphis should be studying Kip, as if he's
text: seeing him for the very first time ... And waiting for the
dialog: inevitable crack...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You okay -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Totally. I'm fine. You want a beer,
dialog: man -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Sure --
text: And Kip limps toward the refrigerator ... He comes back with two
text: beers ... Hands one to Memphis ... Glances at the TV --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: you like Kobe's game? I do. You
dialog: think he's heir apparent to MJ? I do.
dialog: He speaks fluent Italian, you know? So he's
dialog: got that going for him --
text: And a cut on Kip's forehead starts to bleed ... Kip grabs a towel
text: ... Presses it to his head --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You sure you're okay -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Yeah, man. Where is your beer?
text: Memphis holds it up ... Kip nods ... There are a pile of IGNITIONS
text: on the table ... Kip picks one up, absently begins trying to strip
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Cool. So you're living up North?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Yeah -
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I heard you were pumping gas -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Something like that -
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: You're kind of cultivating a new look.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Yeah --
text: Beat ... They watch the game ... Kip replaces the soaked towel
dialog: with another ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe you need a stitch --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Nah. It's a scratch.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Okay --
dialog: Beat ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hey, you want something to eat ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What do you got ... ?
text: And Kip hoists himself painfully to his feet ... Limps over to the
text: 'fridge ... Memphis watches him, a slight grin at Kip's attempt at
text: cool ... Kip peers into the 'fridge ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Not much. I got olives. You like
dialog: olives?
dialog: Kalamata olives rule, I think. Ma likes
dialog: the Calabrese. It's more mellow
text: And he brings over a bowl of olives.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: There's certainly a time and a place
dialog: for a mellow olive -
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Yeah, yeah. That's what I'm thinking --
text: And they nibble on them. Kip bites into one ... And the juice
text: stings his cracked lip ... But he disguises his grimace as an
text: appreciative nod...
text: And for a moment, they nibble olives and drop pits into an
dialog: ashtray... Then:
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: So what are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: "About what?"
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: About Calitri? No worries, man.
dialog: I'll call him. He's a reasonable
dialog: dude ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I can see that -
text: And Memphis glances out the window. To the crushed car. Kip
text: catches the glance, glances himself, chooses to ignore it.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: You have everything ... under
dialog: control?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Yeah. He just wants to know I'm
text: still on it. He needs reassurance.
dialog: All these big swinging dicks do.
dialog: No worries. I won't let him get
dialog: into our Kool-Aid...
text: Kip shrugs ... Picks up another olive... Remembers the pain' of
text: the last one... Drops it back in the bowl ... Memphis is staring
text: at him, disgusted... Kip feels it ...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: What -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: What?
text: And now Memphis gets to his feet ... Paces the place...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You just got crushed in a car. You're
dialog: bleeding all over your self. And you
text: sit there - eating olives and talking
dialog: basketball, as if, at this very
dialog: moment, people weren't plotting
dialog: your demise ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: C'mon, man... My "demise..."
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Overreaction
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: "Over--" You know - I can maybe
dialog: understand, since I been gone, you
dialog: taking up this dumb-ass life of
dialog: crime, and for that I can partly
dialog: blame myself. But what is baffling
dialog: to me, is how, since I been gone,
dialog: you've become a complete and total
dialog: moron--
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hey, now -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: He's gonna kill you -- !
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I can handle it --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You can handle it?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I can handle it --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You can handle it?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I can handle it --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Me...
text: Beat ... Hold the look ... Kip shifts in his chair ... Even this
text: hurts... He tries to hide the wince ... Memphis goes to the
text: window, looks out at the harbor below... Beat ... Then:
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: Why? You think you can help me?
text: And he turns back to Kip ...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: What can you do? You haven't done
dialog: anything in six years but pump gas
dialog: and go overall shopping. And
dialog: the cars, they've changed ...
dialog: There's new shit. Computer chip
text: keys and sophisticated alarms and
dialog: I don't think, an old guy, could much
dialog: bypass 'em...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You don't think so, huh?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Not really ... But you know... Maybe
dialog: I'm wrong ...
text: And the brothers look at each other ... In the pale glow of the
text: TV... For a long beat ... And then we'll CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH HARBOR - CANNERY / FISH AUCTION - DAY
text: A rack of eel and OCTOPUS hung out to dry in the salty sun ...
text: Memphis walks with Atley Jackson past the bustling commercial
text: fishing hubbub: Portuguese FISHERMEN unloading albacore and
text: bluefin from their ship's hold; Greek FISHERMEN emptying mackerel
text: and halibut from their nylon trawl nets; their WOMEN gut, clean
dialog: and fillet ...
text: As they walk, Atley is selecting FISH from the various MARINERS
text: ... Who wrap it up for him... He places it in a leather satchel
dialog: ... Everyone seems to know him...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Nicolo, how's the yellowtail today?
text: An old FISHERMAN, who speaks broken English, wraps up several
dialog: steaks...
speaker_heading: FISHERMAN
dialog: Very nice, Atley. Very nice ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: You can't get it any fresher than this,
dialog: Memphis ... From the sea to my
dialog: skillet ... Nothing in between...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What's with the fish thing -- ?
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: We can learn something from our Asian
dialog: friends. They smoke a thousand
dialog: cigarettes a day; they're completely
text: stressed and overworked; they drink
dialog: like, well ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Fish.
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: And they still have the lowest rate of
dialog: cancer of anywhere in the world. You
dialog: know why? All they eat is seafood.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Also, never underestimate the restorative
dialog: powers of "Karaoke."
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: I do a poaching number. Six-ounce
text: fillets in a saucepan of brine. In
dialog: 8 minutes, I could cater a goddamn
dialog: wedding. Plain but flavorful. And
dialog: it's a good way to show off my
dialog: Hollandaise sauce ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You have a Hollandaise sauce ?
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: I do ...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Christ, what happened to us ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Speak for yourself, boss I don't
dialog: have a Hollandaise sauce
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: No, but you dress like an asshole ...
dialog: They walk...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I think about that night a lot...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Me, too. Every time I walk...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How they were just there ... Waiting on
dialog: us ... The fix was definitely in ...
text: Nothing from Atley... They walk ... Memphis looks at him.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Yeah, you know: I just. I just
dialog: never really thanked-you. I meant
dialog: to. I just want you to
dialog: know...
text: Memphis nods. Atley shrugs, and selects some halibut
dialog: filets.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Tell him it's on ...
text: Atley looks at him...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Yeah -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Yeah Tell him to lay off Kip and
dialog: them Tell him it's on
text: Atley nods...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Any idea how you're gonna go at it?
text: Memphis looks at him... Shakes his head... FADE TO BLACK.
text: As a SUPER on-screen reads: PART II - BACK TO WRONG
scene_heading: EXT. OTTO'S AUTO - NIGHT
text: The hustle and bustle of a full-service auto restoration
dialog: operation ...
text: Dig the 157 Chevy, as an orange diamond tuck and roll with
text: orange fur interior is installed... Dig the 153 Corvette
text: as its front and rear suspension is replaced with coils
text: and airshocks ... Dig the 150 Merc, as its chrome is
text: stripped off and the old paint sandblasted and holes
dialog: brazed...
dialog: All under the watchful eye of...
speaker_heading: OTTO HALLIWELL
text: Late 60s. A feisty grease-soaked curmudgeon who begs the
dialog: question: how the hell did they manage to rock together
dialog: Yoda and the ghost of Walter Huston... ?
dialog: But he remains the Zen master of cars and all that cars are, were
dialog: and can be ...
text: His mixed-breed MUTT - Hemi - licks his balls in one corner
text: Otto is currently AIRBRUSHING a candy-colored, variegated DESIGN
text: on the deck lid of a Camaro ... It is painstaking work ... But he
dialog: is an artist ...
text: His woman - JUNIE - a tall blonde, early 40s, body of a thousand
text: dances, wipes his brow, like a scrub nurse ...
text: Memphis wanders in...
text: Otto sees Memphis ... Drops his brush... He walks over to Memphis
text: ... Takes him in his arms ... Hugs him close... Actually waltzes
dialog: him a few steps ...
text: Memphis is stunned at the transformation this place has gone
dialog: through ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Am I dying? Are all the angels of my life
dialog: returning to bid a final farewell?
dialog: (holds him at arm's length)
dialog: And have my angels completely lost
dialog: their fashion sense -- ?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Hello, Otto ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: You remember Junie?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Of course. Hi, Junie --
speaker_heading: JUNIE
dialog: Hello, Memphis -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What happened here -- ?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Whatever do you mean?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: The chop-shop... Where are the stripped
dialog: cars? The rolled-back odometers? The
dialog: part bins?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: What happened? Old-age happened. I tired of
dialog: killing them. I woke up one morning and thought
dialog: I am no longer a destroyer. I am a means of
dialog: resurrection. Now. We restore. We revive.
dialog: There are so few things in this life, we can
dialog: prevent from decay. Most must die. These don't
dialog: have to...
text: He calls over to the MEXICAN MAN working on the pick-up ...
speaker_heading: OTTO (cont'd)
dialog: It's 3 coats of primer, 12 coats of black
text: acrylic lacquer before laying out the
dialog: flames ... And fill the cab top with mylar
dialog: flakes ... They'll sparkle like stars ...
dialog: (turns to Memphis)
dialog: Randall, Randall, Randall ... You look
dialog: splendid ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You, too, Otto
text: And Otto goes back to the Camaro ... To finish his work...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: I heard rumors you were back. About
dialog: Kip ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: He's gotten involved --
text: Otto looks up frustrated... To Junie
speaker_heading: OTTO (O.S.)
dialog: I can't concentrate. Play something, my
dialog: sweetness; my reason to rise ...
text: And Junie hits PLAY on a cassette deck ... And, instantly, ENGINE
text: SOUNDS rip from the shop's stereo speakers ... Otto listens, as
dialog: if it were a Mahler symphony...
speaker_heading: OTTO (cont'd)
text: The Ferrari 365 GTB/4 Daytona. At Le
text: Mans. 1971. The quad-cam V12. Hear
dialog: how they got the engine up?
dialog: Hear those exhaust notes? That's a
dialog: very wide rev range... Here, it
text: peaks at 5500 RPM...
dialog: Memphis smiles ... These eccentricities are old hat...
speaker_heading: OTTO (cont'd)
dialog: Raymond Calitri. He's amplified much
dialog: sorrow on these streets ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You think it can be done?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Are you considering a comeback tour?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Tell me...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: It can be done. Take two days to shop;
dialog: one to prep. I'll offer up my bible
dialog: for a small fee. You also have to
dialog: hope Kip's jerk-circus didn't undo
dialog: Castlebeck's linkage so much so
dialog: that he's setting up surveillance
dialog: teams on every city block. And
dialog: then get yourself a crew...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: The hard part ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: "A people is a detour of nature to
dialog: get 6 or 7 great men - Yes, and then
dialog: to get around them..." Nietzsche said
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Is he still working here ?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: The old crew. Go find them. I can't
dialog: help you with that. Since I've cleaned
dialog: up the act a bit, they no longer come
dialog: around... A pity how legitimacy makes
dialog: you unpopular -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I Just don't know how happy they'll be
dialog: to see me
text: Otto has finished the Camaro ... He looks at Memphis --
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: I remember I had a 1964 Buick Opal.
dialog: worst car ever built. Value job.
dialog: Everything broke and I-fixed it.
text: A coma car - built to German specs.
text: Plastic gas line. 3 speedometer head.
dialog: On a quiet night, you could hear it
text: rusting in the garage. But when that
dialog: car was gone, I missed it. If it came
dialog: driving back in here right now,
dialog: there'd be tears and laughter ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: And the moral of that story is -- ?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Go to them. They'll be happy to see
dialog: you ... Ahhh...
text: And he closes his eyes ... To listen to the Ferrari tape ...
speaker_heading: OTTO (cont'd)
dialog: ... 8.8:1 compression...
text: We PRE-LAP Simon And Garfunkel's "Baby Driver" and CUT TO:
text: CLOSE ON: A SIGN READING: "PLEASURE CRUISE DRIVING SCHOOL"
text: atop a moving DODGE ARIES K. Which is nearly SIDE-SWIPED by an
text: oncoming PICK-UP. A MAN HOWLS IN TERROR...
scene_heading: INT. DODGE - MOVING - CITY STREETS - DAY
text: A timid CHINESE GIRL - JENNY, 23 - negotiates the vehicle at
text: 10 &amp; 2. Riding shotgun, her howling instructor is DONNY ASTRICKY - 41,
text: whom we remember from six years ago. Now he's paunchy, with Ernie
dialog: Borgnine tough-guy-warmth. At one time, he kicked out the
text: jams. Now he teaches driver's ed...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Pull over! Pull her the hell over!
text: Jenny pulls the car over in a lopsided lurch...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Put it in PARK. Remember how
dialog: to do that? It's the big "Pff.
text: She parks it. He stabs at the side-view mirror ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: "Objects May Appear Closer
dialog: Than They Seem." Can you say
dialog: that for me?
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: You ain't sorry. You're a horrible
dialog: driver... You can't strap into
dialog: your seat belt, without almost
text: getting creamed by a bus ...
text: She starts to cry... Donny softens ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Aw, c'mon. It's no big deal.
dialog: You can't drive. You can't.
dialog: Time to acknowledge it and move on. I
dialog: can't swim. I know I can't. So you
dialog: know what I do? I stay the fuck outta
dialog: the pool ...
scene_heading: EXT. PLEASURE CRUISE DRIVING SCHOOL - DAY
text: Memphis waits outside ... The Aries K comes crawling toward him.
text: Donny gets out of the car ... Sees Memphis ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Damn. Memphis Raines. Long time ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How you doing, man?
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: All I get are the Orientals. They can
dialog: build 'em, but they can't drive
dialog: 'em So? What are you doing here?
dialog: What's with the outfit -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You know where the others are?
text: Donny frowns... Looks close at Memphis ... Then:
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Most of 'em are gone. The Dyar Boys are
dialog: doing a nickel at Chino; Henry Santoro
dialog: and Frankie Fish are moving
dialog: weight in Florida; Bill Doolin was
dialog: killed in Denver... Atley
dialog: Jackson's on the gimp and runnin'
text: errands for Calitri; The Sphinx
dialog: is still around, I guess ... Then
dialog: of course, there's ...
text: His pause is meaningful ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Forget that ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Okay. Figure it forgotten. What's this
dialog: about anyways -- ?
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S AUTO - NIGHT
text: In a wood-panelled back room, around a conference table: Memphis
text: and Donny sit... With the list before them...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Most of 'em are late-model...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: That's right. Only 10 exotics ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: We'll have to start beating the
dialog: bushes, find out where they live...
text: Otto enters. Giggles...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Some crew you got ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: If we put out the word. That we're
dialog: crewing-up, for a one-time-only job...
dialog: What do you think that'll yield?
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
text: A bunch of strung-out hypes and stick-
dialog: up men. This ain't like the old days,
dialog: Memphis. The profession has lost its..
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Dignity...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Well, the three of us don't'exactly
dialog: inspire confidence...
text: Beat ... Donny examines the list ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Wow! They got Eleanor here -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I know. Weird, huh -- ?
text: The door opens ... One of Otto's WORKERS is there...
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: Otto, there's someone here to --
text: But they walk past: Kip, Tumbler, Mirror Man, Toby, Freb
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Lookit Kip. All grown up...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hey, Donny --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Otto called -
text: Memphis looks to Otto ... Otto shrugs ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: You need him...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: No we don't -
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: I appreciate your dilemma, Memphis.
dialog: But how are two washed-up thieves
dialog: and an old man supposed to boost
dialog: 50 cars in three days...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: His criminal career has officially come
dialog: to a close ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
text: The conundrum still applies, of course. The
dialog: purpose of the endeavor is to rescue
dialog: baby brother from imminent
dialog: death and/or a life of crime. However.
dialog: This cannot be successfully
dialog: carried out without baby brother's
text: considerable resources, shabby
dialog: though they may be.
dialog: Memphis considers ... He has little choice ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: We do this. Then. You're finished.
dialog: Then. You're clean
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I like how you wallop back in here -
dialog: after four years - and can still get all
dialog: Clifford Huxtable on my shit ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You hear me?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I hear ya. Get me outta this. I'll
dialog: move to the country. Open a fruit
dialog: stand...
text: Memphis looks at him... Shakes his head...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: You guys have any skills at all?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hell, yeah. Mirror Man here is
dialog: our electronics expert. He's got
dialog: some gadgets you old farts maybe
dialog: never -heard of; Tumbler can drive
dialog: anything with wheels, and some
dialog: things without; Toby's a hacker,
dialog: can do things with a computer, that
dialog: are pretty amazing ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How old are you now, Toby?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Sixteen. But my birthday's in seven
dialog: months ...
text: Memphis shakes his head... Sighs ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: (re: Freb)
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Freb can order pizzas like nobody's
dialog: business
text: Freb starts to Protest ... Shrugs ...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: People gotta eat ...
text: Memphis looks at all of them ... Sighs...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Okay, then... Otto?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: In order to succeed, you're going
dialog: to have to go old-school. one night
dialog: boost. Put all your nuts in one basket.
dialog: And...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: One night? Are you nuts?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You got maybe a better plan?
text: Tumbler looks to Kip...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: You spread it out ... you move around...
dialog: So's they can't touch you... so's they
dialog: don't know... Shadow games and shit
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: "Shadow games?"
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Shadow games ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You spread it out, by the 2nd night,
dialog: the heat are onto you. Know
text: something's up. With a one-night boost,
dialog: by the time all the cars are reported
dialog: stolen, your ship's set sail.
text: Kip and the others nod... Makes sense ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Go on, Otto -
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: We're on a truncated time-table. Take a day to
dialog: shop it; a day to prep it ... And we're still
dialog: going to need to expand the crew...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: There's no one left ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: We've got several Italian cars on the list.
dialog: Always tricky, always timeconsuming. So
dialog: we're gonna need a specialist ...
text: Memphis looks at him. Because that's what he was afraid of.
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: (to Otto)
dialog: You know of one -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Yeah. He's knows of one all right.
text: So we'll PRE-LAP The Beach Boys' "409" and CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. "THE NAUTICAL MILE" SALOON - NIGHT
text: A SHOT GLASS, slammed down on a bar by a surly DRUNK... In a
text: mariner saloon. Drunken SAILORS and FISHERMAN and NAVY TYPES.
text: Sawdust on the floor. Broken beer mirrors. A rough joint...
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: One more, girl -
text: The BARTENDER comes over.. . She is a dark-haired, heavily
text: tattooed GIRL, 26, with the faded blue world-weariness of Roy Orbison
text: song... Her name is Sara Wayland... And she goes by SWAY. She
text: collects the Drunk's empty glass...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: I think you've had enough, Billy...
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: Enough? I haven't even started, girl.
dialog: Gimme another --
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: If you leave now, Billy, you can get
text: a head-start on waking up in a pool
dialog: of your own vomit...
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: Listen, you little cooze--
text: And the Drunk reaches out across the bar, to grab a bottle And
text: Sway grabs his hand, twists it ... The Drunk groans in agony ...
text: And Sway, still clutching his hand, hops over the bar ... And
text: drags the drunk by his twisted hand to the front ... Cries of
text: "Attagirl, Sway!" pepper the air ...
scene_heading: EXT. "THE NAUTICAL MILE" - NIGHT
text: Sway tosses him... The Drunk hitting the pavement ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Come back when you've learned how to
dialog: drink, Billy --
text: And she freezes ... Because standing there, is Memphis ... She
text: looks at him ... Shocked is a good place to start ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: See you're still stealing the sailors from
dialog: the sea --
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: And she heads back inside ... And he follows her...
scene_heading: INT. "THE NAUTICAL MILE"
text: They head toward the bar...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: (re: his clothes)
dialog: What's with the look?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: The hip, cool, sexy thing was getting
dialog: old...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: You look like you lost your sheep ...
text: And she hops back behind the bar ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You still wrenching at Bacchiochi's?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Hell, yeah. I'm not getting rich in
dialog: here ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Buy you a drink?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Nope. I got a coffee. And a
dialog: boyfriend.
text: She waves to a 30-year-old CAT drinking with his buddies. He waves
text: back. Memphis frowns.
speaker_heading: SWAY (cont'd)
dialog: Mitch.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: "Mitch?"
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Mitch.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: So I was replaced by Mitch?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: No. You were replaced by Alex.
dialog: Who was replaced by Kevin. Who
dialog: was replaced by Vince. Who was
dialog: replaced by Mitch...
text: She smiles sourly at him...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Wow. And to think all I
dialog: accomplished these past six
dialog: years was the "LORD OF THE
dialog: RINGS" trilogy...
text: She stares at him... Shakes her head... Busies herself with her
dialog: glassware ... Beat ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: You look great --
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Yeah, well, you always were a sucker
dialog: for flawed existences ...
text: ANGLE - MITCH. Watching them talk ...
speaker_heading: SWAY (cont'd)
dialog: You should leave --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: On account of Mitch?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: On account of me.
text: He studies her... Then:
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I've taken the spear for a lot of
dialog: people, Sway. Including you. Can't
dialog: we improvise a little here ... ?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: No can do. Life goes on, pointfive ...
dialog: You left me, remember?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I left town. I didn't leave you.
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: A distinction worth noting ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: And here I am...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Yes. But I got a feeling it's not on
dialog: account of any longing-for-my-touch
dialog: on your part -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Kip's in trouble
dialog: And now she looks concerned
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: What kind of trouble -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
text: Kip took a job. Fifty ladies in two weeks.
dialog: Only the two weeks have turned into four
dialog: days. And not a single lady has been
text: snared.
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: And you got some Italians -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Six or seven...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: I'm not doing it anymore. Haven't
dialog: for a while. I've carved out something
dialog: for myself. It's pathetic, but it's mine ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I understand -
text: And the cat - MITCH - comes over with two empty pitchers
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Another round, Sara -
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Sure, Mitch -
text: And she goes to the tap ... Leaving Memphis and Mitch ...
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: How you doing, pal?
text: Memphis nods ... Beat. They sit there. Regard Sway...
speaker_heading: MITCH (cont'd)
dialog: She's hot, right?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I'd go so far as to say "lovely."
text: And Mitch leans over to him, conspiratorially ...
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: You should her face when she's having
dialog: sex --
text: And Memphis turns to him...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Really...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What's it look like?
text: And Memphis reaches out, and GRABS Mitch's nipple, PINCHING.
text: Mitch's face curls ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
text: Is it a squinty, grimacing, contorted
text: face? Agonized and writhing and ugly?
dialog: Oh, now I see it, yes, yes!
text: And Memphis releases him... And Mitch goes down hard ... And Sway
text: comes over ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: What the hell are you doing -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: If you change your mind. We're at
dialog: Otto's. It's 50 ladies in 24 hours.
dialog: For The Carpenter. 200 K and Kip's
dialog: life on the felt. So long now ...
text: And he's out of there, before Mitch's PALS can get to him.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Who was that guy, Sara?
text: She looks at the door ... Shrugs ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Good question ...
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S AUTO - LATER - NIGHT
text: Memphis, Kip, Donny, Mirror Man and Otto sit around the garage ...
text: Going through the list ... Tumbler calls from the next room:
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Freb's here. Open the gate.
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: (to Otto)
dialog: We sent him out on a solo boost. See
dialog: what he could do ...
text: Freb pulls in an '89 Cadillac Coupe De Ville ...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: How do I look in this one?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
text: Like a goofy white boy in a Cadillac.
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Keys were in it ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Well, that defies the point, don't it?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: You should ask him how he got the name
dialog: "Freb."
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Shaddup, man ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Get the damn thing in there and get it
dialog: cleaned up -
text: Freb pulls in. Pops the trunk. The gate is closed.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: This is loaded with crap - get a duffel.
text: He pulls out a set of golf clubs ... Freb brings over a duffel ...
text: Mirror Man plucks something from the trunk ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Holy shit ...
text: It's a plasticine BAG - full of a WHITE POWDER...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Lemme see that -
text: He pierces the skin.. Tastes ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Heroin.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: No shit?
text: And they pull back the trunk tarp ... And there are perhaps TWO
text: DOZEN similar smack-filled BAGS ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: There's gotta be a million bucks worth
dialog: here -
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: We're rich. Goddamn, we're rich!
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Where'd you pick her up?
speaker_heading: FREB
text: In front of one of them poker parlors in
dialog: Chinatown ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Well, take it back --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Take it back? What do you mean take
dialog: it back? Are you crazy, man?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Take it back, Freb --
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Hey, now, Memphis... C'mon, man -
text: Donny makes to grab the bag from Mirror Man ... But Mirror Man
text: holds on ... They tug back and forth ... The bag DROPS ...
text: Splitting on the ground, behind the car. Spilling heroin.
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Now, see what you--
text: But a BANG! BANG! on the front gate, gives them all pause.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Who is it -- ?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK (O.S.)
dialog: Castlebeck.
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Jesus. The whole damn thing's loaded.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: one minute -- !
text: And the others scatter into the back office, with their tools and
text: devices and lists. Leaving only Memphis and Otto.
text: Memphis picks up the broken bag ... Sticks it in the trunk ...
text: Puts the golf clubs in on top of it ... Slams the trunk. Only
text: there's still a neat MOUNTAIN OF SMACK ON THE FLOOR by the rear of
dialog: the Caddy ... But there's no time...
text: For the gate is opened. Detective Castlebeck ambles in.
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: I know you.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You know my back.
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: What are you still doing here,
dialog: Randall?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Stopped by to see Otto. Say hello.
text: Castlebeck looks at Otto... Otto grins... Castlebeck walks around
dialog: the garage... Taking it all in...
dialog: Castlebeck notes the Caddy ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: What's this -- ?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Cadillac.
text: ANGLE - the mound of heroin on the floor ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: What's wrong with it -- ?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Needs brightening ...
text: Castlebeck takes out a WALKIE ... Barks into it ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Run me down a tag - 329 HRO. Cadillac.
text: He clicks off ... Otto and Memphis share one ... A glance to the
text: smack ... Castlebeck is a mere inches from it ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: No faith in our new-found goodness,
dialog: Detective ...?
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Sure. But sometimes we got to
dialog: create some numbers. The task force
dialog: is run by statistics, you know ...
text: Before they can respond, the radio crackles ...
speaker_heading: RADIO (O.S.)
dialog: 329 HRO. There's no want on the license at
dialog: this time...
text: Castlebeck looks disappointed... Otto grins ... Castlebeck stares
text: at the Caddy, still unconvinced...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You're thinking: okay, there's no want ...
dialog: But they probably stripped its guts and
dialog: crated 'em up, right ... ?
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Something like that -
text: Memphis opens the driver's side door ... Gestures Castlebeck in
text: ... Castlebeck gets behind the wheel ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Let her rip ...
text: And Castlebeck starts the car...
text: ANGLE - TAILPIPE ... WHOOSH! All of the heroin on the flo is blown
text: away by the exhaust ... Memphis winks to Otto ... Castlebeck seems
text: satisfied ... Gets out.
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Okay, then. I'll catch you later,
dialog: Randall ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Double-meaning intended, right?
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Right ...
text: Castlebeck stops at the gate... Turns back to them...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: It's funny. There's probably been
dialog: five more cars stolen in the time
dialog: I've been here ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I don't think so, Detective ...
text: And Castlebeck is gone. Memphis and Otto exhale big time.. The
text: others come out from the back... To find Memphis and Otto dumping
text: the heroin into the sink, running the tap ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Take her back to where you found her,
dialog: Freb --
scene_heading: INT. RAINES APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Kip is in front of the TV, playing a video game. Helen Raines is
text: at the kitchen table, going through a PHOTO ALBUM... Memphis comes
text: home ... Hangs up his coat ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Hey -
text: He kisses her head ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Kip -
text: Kip nods ... Plays on ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: What do you got there?
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: The photo album. I get nostalgic around
dialog: this time of year ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What time of year?
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: Tuesdays ...
text: He smiles ... Sits down next to her ... They go through the
text: PHOTOS: - childhood shots of Memphis and Kip, a younger Helen;
text: Memphis at 17, in his "Ike's Garage" coveralls; 14year-old
text: Memphis, an infant Kip, and their father (ROBERT RAINES) a MAN
text: with bright eyes and a quiet smile, standing before an old Cutlass
text: 442; Robert Raines ... Outside a car dealership. We can almost
dialog: feel his strong, sure presence ...
text: Memphis looks at his mother ... As she looks at the picture.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You ever wonder what things'd be like
dialog: if he hadn't died?
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: Every day. I wonder about that every day...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Kip and I'd probably be working at the
dialog: dealership...
dialog: (to Kip)
dialog: Imagine us selling cars?
text: Nothing from Kip ... Eyes glued to the TV... Memphis glances to
dialog: his Mother ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Imagine that -- ?
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: (salesman voice)
dialog: And just in case you lose your keys, good
dialog: sir, I can toss in a complimentary slim-jim,
dialog: free of charge ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Mother -- !
text: They laugh ... Look at the album ... At Robert Raines ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: I remember, every day, he'd come home
text: in a different car.
dialog: That was the greatest thing ... And
dialog: we'd climb all over it ... Examine
dialog: every inch of every different
dialog: car ...
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: I remember. Supper getting cold, cos you
text: two are out there heads under hoods ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You remember that, Kip?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I was six ...
text: Memphis and Helen look at him... Then:
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: After he died ... I think that's
dialog: what I missed most of all ... That
dialog: there was no different cars every night ...
dialog: When I started hanging around Otto's ...
dialog: And he started showing me the things ...
dialog: It was a way to kill two birds ...
dialog: Put food on the table for you and Kip ...
dialog: And ... Ride in different cars every
dialog: night ... Just like when Dad was here.
text: Tears stand in Helen's eyes ... Kip gets to his feet ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Ancient history's two things.
dialog: "Ancient." And "history!"
text: And he walks out of the house, door slamming behind him. Memphis
text: turns to his mother ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: We're gonna have to do this thing, Ma.
speaker_heading: HELEN RAINES
dialog: I know...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: We do it. He'll get clear Once and
dialog: for all
text: And she nods ...
text: ANGLE - A PHOTO. Robert Raines. Smiling beside an Olds 98.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNATIONAL TOWERS HIGH RISE CONDOS - DAY
text: The garage door opens as a resident drives out ... And Memphis and
text: Donny and Kip and Toby enter the garage ... They walk along the
text: rows of parked cars ... Searching ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
text: Car-jacking is the lazy man's boost.
dialog: No skill. No finesse. Can only take
dialog: the car if the key is in it. That's
dialog: not thieving. That's parking ...
dialog: Thugs ... With the decency of dirt ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: They're just cars, man ...
text: To prevent Donny from biting the kid's head off, Memphis chimes in
dialog: with:
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: This Eleanor's been living at the
dialog: International Towers for 3 years now.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Who's "Eleanor?"
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
text: The 167 Mustang Shelby Mustang GT-500.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Why do you call it "Eleanor?"
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: All the vehicles get code names.
dialog: Female names. You say "Eleanor lives
dialog: at such and such... " and no one
dialog: listening on the waves is the wiser ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Eleanor is Memphis' "unicorn."
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: And there she is --
text: Indeed, slotted nearby is a '67 SHELBY MUSTANG GT-500 Silver with
dialog: black top ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Hello, Eleanor --
text: And he looks at her. An old friend he hasn't seen in years.
speaker_heading: TOBY
text: It looks just like a regular Mustang --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Don't go there, Toby --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: She's not. Carroll Shelby tweaked the
dialog: Mustang's High-Performance 289 engine
dialog: and got it legally rated for the street
dialog: at 450 horsepower ... But its actual
dialog: output is closer to 600 ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: So she flies -
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: She soars -
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Grade-A unicorn ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What's a "unicorn?"
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Fabled creature. You know - the horse
dialog: with the horn? Impossible to capture?
text: Toby looks blank ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: We all got one. The single car
dialog: that, no matter how many times
dialog: you try to boost, something happens...
text: Cops show up, car doesn't start, owner
dialog: comes back. It's voodoo...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You guys and the car thing, man --
text: They head off ... Memphis turns back to the Shelby
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: See you in a few days, Eleanor --
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S AUTO - BACK ROOM - DAY
text: To Queen's "I'm In Love With My Car." The crew is at work, a MAZDA
text: and a CADDY are parked here for practice: Tumbler is modifying a
text: series of slim jims, based on the type of cars they'll be after
text: Donny and Freb are in the Caddy, Freb behind the wheel Tumbler
text: puts together BRIEFCASES, containing the requisite TOOLS: slim-
text: jim, gizmo, screwdriver, ratchet, dent-puller, a mini-battery with
text: pointy leads ...
text: - Mirror Man is showing off one of his GADGETS - beepersized
text: DEVICE - to Otto... They stand before a locked MAZDA.
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: And you just stick it in the lock.
dialog: Hit this little button ... And ...
text: He does ... The door UNLOCKS ... The car's ALARM gives a weak
text: chirp and dies... Otto looks at Donny ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: We're dinosaurs, Donny. Pull-up a tar pit ...
dialog: (to Mirror Man)
dialog: Can I try -- ?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Knock yourself out --
text: Kip and Memphis are with Toby, who has his laptop out ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I logged outside the G.R.A.B. site,
dialog: right? Then I monitored their
dialog: incoming outside data requests,
dialog: right? Then I got these ISDN numbers,
dialog: right? Then I tracked them back,
dialog: right? Then I took the one I could
dialog: jack-up the easiest, right? Then I
dialog: called back see, they think I'm an
dialog: insurance company - that's where it
dialog: looks like I'm coming from -- and
dialog: they're sharing stats with this
dialog: insurance company, right? So now
dialog: they're sharing it with me, right?
dialog: They think I'm looking for stats for
text: an actuarial conference on auto-theft.
dialog: So they let me in, right? Give me all
dialog: these numbers. But then I don't leave,
dialog: right? I'm in. I've got the key. Now I
dialog: just go anywhere I want.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: So what's in there -- ?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I can tell you who's gonna be on duty
dialog: tonight. I can tell you how much gas
dialog: they're using monthly. I can tell you
dialog: how they used to spend that annoying
text: half-hour between "FRIENDS" and "SEINFELD"...
text: Memphis nods ... Fairly impressed...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Good work, Toby --
text: Donny and Freb are inside the Caddy ... Freb's attempts to start
dialog: it fail...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: It just ain't happening --
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: You'll get the hang of it, kid. You
dialog: just need to remember one thing -
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: What's that?
text: Donny smiles ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: On boost night? Always take along a
dialog: good mix tape ...
text: Donny smiles ... Freb frowns ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: You bring a woman back to your
dialog: crib for some lovemaking, the
dialog: song you put on, depends on the
dialog: woman, the type of lovemaking you
dialog: intend to do, right?
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: I guess ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: You got a school teacher or Nancy from
dialog: accounting, you don't put on Sly Stone
dialog: or James Brown. You put on
dialog: Ravel. Rachmaninoff. But if you got
dialog: some wild one you just picked
dialog: up at the track, you wouldn't put on
dialog: Cat Stevens or James Taylor.
dialog: You'd put on Prince. Or Isaac Hayes.
dialog: Or, if you really wanted to
dialog: get after it: Miles.
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: okay ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: It's the same way with cars. Different
dialog: cars. Different tunes. You can't steal
dialog: a Maserati listening to Sinatra. You
dialog: gotta get urgent. You gotta get Sonny
dialog: Rollins or Led Zeppelin IV, on that
dialog: shit. But never, never-ever take no Allman
dialog: Brothers into a Lincoln Town Car. Could
dialog: lead to disaster. Got it... ?
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: (absolutely hasn't got it)
dialog: Got it ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Good.
text: And then Sway enters ... Donny gets out of the Caddy ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Memphis went out
dialog: and got some big game ... Hello, Sway.
dialog: I was just telling the lads about mix
dialog: tapes --
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: (to Freb)
dialog: Janis Joplin. Billie Holliday. Ella
dialog: Fitzgerald...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Gender bias ...
text: Otto is before her ... Bowing from the waist ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: I've missed you, Sara Wayland --
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Good to see ya, Otto --
text: They embrace. Memphis and Kip enter from the other room...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: How ya doing, Sway -- ?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Kip...
text: She looks at Memphis ... Small nod... Small smile ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: What do you think about all this?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Stick it in the drawer marked "Fool's
dialog: Errand", right -- ?
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: That's my girl --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: That's Mirror Man ... And that's
dialog: Freb ... And Tumbler ... And Toby ...
dialog: Fellas, this is Sara Wayland... They
dialog: call her "Sway."
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Hey -
text: But the kids look high near thunderstruck ... The others laugh ...
dialog: Go back to their work ... Memphis and Sway
speaker_heading: SWAY (cont'd)
dialog: No questions. I'm here. I need the
dialog: dough.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Of course ...
text: She studies him... Nods ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Good. Just so we understand...
text: And then she sees something at the entrance ...
speaker_heading: SWAY (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, shit. You didn't --
text: He follows her gaze ... To where -- A MAN, early 40s, has walked
text: in. Tall, gaunt, ice-eyed. This man never speaks. And his nose is
text: a gnarled blob of scar tissue ... Which is why they call him
speaker_heading: THE SPHINX
dialog: And the others really don't dig his scene ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Well, well, well. The original crash
dialog: test dummy...
text: The Sphinx nods to all. Smiles warmly, but it comes out creepy.
text: Freb whispers to Otto ...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Who's that -- ?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: That's The Sphinx.
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: The Sphinx?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: He never says a word. And he's got
text: a messed-up nose. Hence. The Sphinx.
dialog: He's boo-koo koo-koo. But he steals like
dialog: time ...
dialog: (to The Sphinx)
dialog: Hello, Sphinxy, old rum -- !
text: And Otto embraces the taller man ... And the others stand
text: around, offering uneasy glances to The Sphinx ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Okay. We're all here. Today's Wednesday.
dialog: D-Day is Friday night ... That gives us
dialog: two days to prep ... We're going to find
dialog: the ladies on our list, find out where
dialog: they live, when they're home; that
dialog: they're properly insured ... Let's get
dialog: into the vans --
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Where we going -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: We're going shopping -- !
text: We PRE-LAP Gary Numan's new-wave rave classic "Cars".
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH STREETS - DAY
text: A MONTAGE of the hard-core old-school preparations...
text: THREE MINI-VANS drive off from Otto's Auto - Mirror Man at the
text: wheel of one of them - The Sphinx and Donny with him... - Freb
text: drives the 2nd van: Memphis, Sway, and Kip with him... Tumbler
text: drives the 3rd van: Otto and Toby with him.
text: They carry pens and NOTEBOOKS ... And, as they drive around,
text: they're searching out cars ... When they see an auto that
text: corresponds to the list, they take down its license plate.
text: Memphis dials the cell ... Mirror Man answers on the speaker in
text: his van ... Tumbler in his ... We'll CROSS-CUT the scene as
dialog: necessary from van to van ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How's it going -- ?
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: It's arright ...
dialog: They drive on ... Till --
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Check it out: 173 Firebird. Know
dialog: who drove one of those ... ?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Yes, I do, in fact. John Wayne in
dialog: McO...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: That's being obscurest ... Who else?
dialog: Better known. Memphis?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
scene_heading: Jim Rockford. ROCKFORD FILES.
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: For real?
text: As the scenes in the vans play out - we should be INTERCUTTING
text: with SHOTS of CARS ON THE STREET. LICENSE PLATES. Their NOTEBOOKS.
dialog: As license #s are written down.
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: For real. Okay. Gimme COLUMBO...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Peugot convertible ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: What color?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Gray.
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: How you know that?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Remember who my brother is?
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S AUTO - BACK ROOM
text: Sway has drawn an intricate CHART on a vinyl DRAWING BOARD: 1-50,
dialog: each car is annotated, ie: 1) '56 Ford T-Bird; 2) 188 Lamborghini
text: Countach, etc. She begins ascribing names to them, Female names.
dialog: With Magic Marker. Easy to erase.
scene_heading: INT. REGISTRY OF MOTOR VEHICLES - DAY
text: Donny enters with a sheaf of PAPERS ... He waits in line ...
scene_heading: EXT. JIMMY'S HARBORSIDE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Mirror Man has hired on as a VALET ... DINERS pull up in their
text: cars ... Mirror Man offers the DRIVER of a Porsche Boxster a
text: ticket ... And climbs in, to park the car ...
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S BACK ROOM
text: Sway writes #2-4) Porsche Boxster and next to it PATRICIA 1
scene_heading: INT. THE VANS
text: As they drive around... Still searching and quizzing...
speaker_heading: OTTO
text: DUKES OF HAZARD?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Fuck that cracker shit --
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: I know that one. General Lee, I
dialog: believe, was a ... Dodge Charger ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: You ever notice how it had a different
dialog: interior every week? That bugged me.
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Three words: Get A Life.
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S BACK ROOM - DAY
text: Memphis and Otto go through Otto's BIBLE - an overstuffed LEDGER
dialog: with the addresses Otto has collected, over the years, of some
text: 2000 cars. They look for any that correspond to Calitri's 50 ...
scene_heading: INT. REGISTRY - DAY
text: Donny offers the REGISTRY WOMAN a LIST of several cars from the
dialog: shopping spree ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: I'd like the names and addresses of
dialog: the owners of these 20 cars please...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: It'll take me about 15 minutes.
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: I can wait.
text: He smiles kindly at her. And takes a seat. It's that easy.
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S BACK ROOM - DAY
text: Sway at the board... A grouping of three Mercedes Benz S320 are
scene_heading: designated as JENNIFER 1, JENNIFER 2, JENNIFER 3...
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S GARAGE - DAY
text: Otto shows Freb how to disarm an alarm system by groundingout a
text: tail-light with a wire to a mini-battery...
text: This dead-shorts the lights, shorts-out the alarm system, which
text: chirps for a sustained second and then kills itself. The door
text: locks pop open ... Otto grins...
scene_heading: EXT. JIMMY'S HARBORSIDE - NIGHT
text: Mirror Man in the Boxster... Parked, . He takes the KEY from
text: the ignition ... And then takes, from under his jacket - a KEY
text: CUTTER... And he sets to cutting a COPY of the key.
scene_heading: INT. THE VANS - MOVING
dialog: Shop and talk, part III ...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Okay, okay. What about MAGNUM P.I.?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Thanks for playing, Freb. That's a
dialog: gimme ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Yes, but what was on the license
dialog: plate?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: The license plate?
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
text: I know. "ROBIN 1."
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Very good. But what was the
dialog: significance of "ROBIN 1"?
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Was that his first name?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: His first name was Thomas. Thomas
dialog: Magnum...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Thomas Sullivan Magnum, to be exact.
text: They look at Donny, impressed...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Robin 1 ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: I know! Robin was the name of that
dialog: faggy guy who hung with him...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: No. That was Higgins ....
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Jonathan Quayle Higgins ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: (to Donny)
dialog: You're like a serial killer, ainchoo?
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S_-AUT0 - DAY
text: Sway calls #29 - A '98 Corvette - CAROL...
scene_heading: INT. MIDNIGHT AUTO - NIGHT
text: A random chop-shop. The Sphinx is buying chopped
dialog: IGNITIONS, that go with the cars on the list ...
scene_heading: EXT. JIMMY'S HARBORSIDE - MIRROR MAN
text: has cut a key, jocks the cutter, and, before he gets out
text: of the Boxster, opens the glove box and grabs the
dialog: registration.
text: He takes a mini-tape-recorder from his pocket ... Reads
text: the owner address into the dock... Returns the
dialog: registration" to the glove box... Leaves the car ... For
dialog: today.
scene_heading: EXT. OTTO'S SALVAGE - NIGHT
text: Tumbler and Kip park the car carrier behind a Matterhorn
text: of decimated automobiles ... Out of view...
scene_heading: INT. MIDNIGHT LOCKSMITH - NIGHT
text: The Sphinx brings the ignitions to the locksmith ... Who
dialog: makes keys for them...
scene_heading: EXT. JIMMY'S HARBORSIDE - NIGHT
text: Mirror Man taking names and kicking ass. A BMW M ROADSTER.
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S
text: Sway writes NANCY 1 next to #27) BMW M ROADSTER...
scene_heading: INT. REGISTRY OF MOTOR VEHICLES - DAY
text: The Registry Woman gives Donny the list he needed...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: It's two dollars per car. That'll be
dialog: 40 dollars please...
dialog: He pays her ... Big smile ...
scene_heading: INT. THE VANS - MOVING
dialog: One more time ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Anyone? The significance of "Robin 1" on
dialog: Magnum's license plate? Memphis?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Robin was Robin Masters. He owned the
dialog: estate they lived on ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Ten points for our fearless leader ...
dialog: Sway, how 'bout giving us the honor of
dialog: the Bill Bixby trifecta -- ?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: I don't know that
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Stumped -- !
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Thank-God, Sway, you ain't all freaky-
dialog: deaky, too
dialog: But Sway grins
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: How about: a Corvette in
text: MAGICIAN; a Ford pick-up truck in
text: INCREDIZLE HULK, and...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Here's where it gets tricky ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
text: ... he walked in THE COURTSHIP OF
scene_heading: EDDIE'S FATHER.
text: Kip high-fives her... Freb looks disappointed...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Walked like a bastard... Skippin'
dialog: stones and shit..
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: That's a good one, Donny...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: I think so too --
text: And they drive... All smiles ... All pleased with
dialog: themselves ... And, after a beat ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Ya'll really need to get the fuck out
dialog: of the house more...
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S AUTO - BACK ROOM
dialog: Sway has finished the chart ... 50 cars ... Their
dialog: corresponding distaff names...
scene_heading: INT. FREB'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Freb is at his stereo. CDs scattered around him. Tupac.
text: Biggy. Puff Daddy ... Making a mix tape... END MONTAGE.
scene_heading: INT. BACCHIOCHI'S FOREIGN MOTORS - DAY
text: A garage dealing exclusively in imports. Memphis enters...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Hello -- ?
text: Sway slides out from beneath a Testarosa ... In her greasy
text: coveralls, hair tied back, a motorhead's dream girl ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What's wrong with her -- ?
speaker_heading: SWAY
text: The right side of the engine is
dialog: running richer than the left. And the
dialog: scope isn't showing shit... I dunno...
text: And she goes to the sink...
speaker_heading: SWAY (cont'd)
dialog: You know Annie's trouble
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Annie -- ?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: You haven't been studying --
text: She gestures to where the LIST of 50 is on the counter.
speaker_heading: SWAY (cont'd)
dialog: 137 Roadster. Custom. Lives at 1443
dialog: Locklin in Rancho Palos Verdes ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Right. Great car. One of a kind. I
dialog: was looking forward to that boost
dialog: myself
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: She was the only "Annie" you could find?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: They only made a handful. We're lucky
dialog: there's even one living in the area...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Yeah, well ... She lives with District
dialog: Court Judge Seymour Croft ...
text: As she speaks we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. 1443 LOCKLIN - RANCHO PALOS VERDES - DAY
text: A massive house of glass and steel in a fancy
text: neighborhood. We MOVE FOR THE HOUSE. Over the fine-trimmed
dialog: lawn.
speaker_heading: SWAY (O.S.)
dialog: ... and he keeps "Annie' in his
text: living room... Like a work of art ...
text: INTO THE SPARTAN LIVING ROOM...
text: Massive framed Lichtenstein and Haring pieces on the wall
text: ... Surround the yellow ROADSTER, which sits up on a
text: platform ... Check out JUDGE CROFT, a nasty fat man in his
text: late 50s ... He sits in the nearly empty room... A complex
text: system of directional lighting illuminates the Roadster
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: SWAY (O.S.)
dialog: She's got 27 miles on her o-dom.
dialog: Which is exactly how far away the
dialog: custom shop was in 1979 when he
dialog: bought her... He drove her home,
dialog: never drove her again ...
text: The judge gazes at the car, admiring its jet-pod
text: taillamps... A MAID comes in with a tray of tea service
text: ... The maid crosses the Judge's line of sight... Watch
text: as he curses her out, his face going beet red with fury...
speaker_heading: SWAY (O.S.)
dialog: The man's a freak...
scene_heading: INT. BACCHIOCHI'S FOREIGN MOTORS
text: Sway looks at Memphis ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: She's trouble --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I put the boys on it. They're clever
dialog: that way...
text: She nods ... Long look ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: I go with you --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: That what you want?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: That's what I want ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Okay.
text: She hits the Lava soap and starts washing the grease from her
dialog: hands ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: I missed you, you know -
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: You mentioned that in your letters
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I always thought you'd follow me up.
text: She shuts off the taps ... Towels her hands...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: We were good when you bailed, weren't we?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Very good...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Cos there were those dark days, when
dialog: I figured - my God, how easy it was
dialog: for him to just give it up; to make the
dialog: deal; take the rot for the whole crew ...
dialog: And give me up in the process.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: No way ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: No ... ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: No ...
text: And he holds out a hand to her ... And she puts her greasesmeared
dialog: towel into it ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Don't go getting all warm and fuzzy on me,
dialog: Randall. I'm the jane that was left, and
dialog: you're the jim that did the leaving. So
dialog: save the sanctimonious shit for someone
dialog: who believes. The only reason I ride with
dialog: you, is cause I don't want to spend the
dialog: whole night with any of them other creeps!
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Oh. Okay. Right.
scene_heading: EXT. BACCHIOCHI'S FOREIGN MOTORS - DAY
text: Memphis walks out... Going over to the PARKED CAR across the
dialog: street ... Castlebeck...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I'm on the move -
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Your girl works in there ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Not my girl anymore
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Yet your still here ... I gave
dialog: you 24 hours, 24 hours ago ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What do you want from me?
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Honestly? I want to - once every
dialog: few months - get into my car. Pack
dialog: a lunch. And drive on up to Chino.
dialog: On visiting day. Bring you some
text: magazines. Maybe some almond clusters.
dialog: And see you all bright and shiny in
dialog: your orange jumpsuit. That's what I want ...
text: And with that, he starts his car ... Drives off... Memphis gazing
dialog: after him...
scene_heading: INT. VAN - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Memphis drives. Kip beside him. They drive in silence. At last
dialog: coming to:
scene_heading: EXT. TEN-TON TRANSFER COMPANY - FRONT GATES
text: A huge trucking company warehouse. Kip gets out. Bolt-cuts the
text: chain-fence out front.
text: And Memphis drives on in, passing the long rows of gargantuan
text: CAR CARRIERS here. He picks one ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: This one ...
text: He slim-jims the door ... But the ALARM goes off ... A wild
text: whooping alarm ... Deafening... Try as he might, he can't get it
text: off. He pops the trunk. Looks for wires ... Nothing.
text: Then, at once, it goes off. Memphis turns. Kip is there. He holds
text: a little DEVICE.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: What's that thing -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
text: Reads the infrared. Then kills it. Little
dialog: something the R &amp; D department came up with ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How long were you gonna let me try and
dialog: stop it...?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: After a while, it became a little pathetic ...
dialog: Figured I'd put you out of your misery ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Thank-you ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: De nada ...
text: He gets behind the wheel. Pops the ignition. The truck's flipping
text: stack belches. Memphis climbs in next to him.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Ain't we good-timing here ... ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: The family that steals together, deals
dialog: together...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Dad'd be proud --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Maybe not. But Dad was from another era...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What era was that -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: The era when crime didn't pay --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: As opposed to now, Kid Car Crusher?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Price of doing business...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What about just getting a job, 9 to 5,
dialog: five days a week, that whole mystery
dialog: achievement -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: It's for assholes. The Legal Buck blows,
dialog: Memphis. You know that. Doing this, we
dialog: make mad bank, my boys are down, the
text: girlies come around and the boosts are
dialog: a breeze. Yeah, sure, you're gonna get
dialog: jacked-up every now and then - but ain't
dialog: that a small price to pay for never,
dialog: never-ever, having to say "paper or
dialog: plastic?"
text: And he grins and puts the truck into gear. And off they go
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S AUTO - GARAGE - NIGHT
text: The Replacements chime in with "Someone Take The Wheel." Memphis
text: and the crew ... All but Sway are present.
text: Tumbler and Mirror Man follow Memphis to one side of the shop ...
text: To a window ... He gestures outside to where we see and UNMARKED
text: CAR and the orange glow of two cigarettes ... Staking them out ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: We've got to shake them tomorrow
dialog: night. I'm making that your problem.
dialog: That's called delegation of duties.
dialog: You like it -- ?
text: Mirror Man and Tumbler regard the cops ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Sure, man --
text: And they follow him back into the garage ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Okay. Tomorrow night it's on. Each
dialog: team has been assigned their ladies.
dialog: The teams are: me and Sway. Donny
text: and Freb. Kip and Tumbler. Mirror
dialog: Man, you and The Sphinx ...
text: Mirror Man looks horrified ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Aw, c'mon, man ...
text: The Sphinx grins at him...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What about me?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You'll be at the docks ... Keeping Otto
dialog: abreast of our progress ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: How come ... ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Because you should be home with
dialog: Nintendo, listening to The Spice
dialog: Girls, little man ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Come on. Kip, talk to the guy
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: There's no talkin' to him --
text: And Otto and Junie come out with two bottles of champagne and some
dialog: paper cups ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: (cup raised)
text: To a safe and successful session of bumping
text: fenders and trading paint.
text: Everyone toasts ... Drinks ... Donny goes to the tape deck... Hits
text: PLAY ... And "Little Deuce Coupe" by The Beach Boys BLASTS.
dialog: ("Little Deuce Coupe/You don't know what I got...")
text: And all of our guys dance to it ... Singing along ... Otto dances
text: with Junie; Tumbler with Toby; even The Sphinx lipsyncs the falsetto
dialog: parts ...
speaker_heading: BEACH BOYS
dialog: "Well, I'm not braggin,' babe So don't put
dialog: me down But I got the fastest set of wheels
dialog: in town, etc."
dialog: Yes, it's the requisite rock-to-an-oldie bit ... But God, it's
text: fun. As they exorcise some pre-boost jitters. Only Kip stands
text: aside from the frolic ... We watch them dance and laugh and sing
dialog: for a bit ...
text: And then Atley Jackson is there. And behind him, another Calitri
text: GOON... And, finally, Calitri himself stands there.
text: Someone kills the music. They all look at him... Donny and The
text: Sphinx nod to Atley ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: This is how you're spending my time?
dialog: Having a sock hop?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Everyone know Ray Calitri? Pillar of the
dialog: community ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Look at this. A multi-generational gathering
dialog: of scumbags ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: So saith the God of Scumbags --
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Hello, Otto. My boys at the dock report no
dialog: cars have yet to be delivered. And there's
dialog: only one more night ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Getting nervous, Ray? What happens to you, I
dialog: wonder, if delivery isn't made?
text: Calitri ignores him... Looks at Kip ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: With all the free time I've had not
text: counting cars as they're loaded onto
dialog: my ship, I've managed to sand the
dialog: cedar inside your box, Kip. This
dialog: will protect you from the anaerobic
dialog: bacteria, that normally thrives in
dialog: an airless; environment. Thus
dialog: prolonging decay ...
text: He smiles ... And Kip actually makes a run for him... Only to be
text: held back by Tumbler and Donny ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Get out of here, Ray --
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: One more night --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Get out --
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: I hope you know what you're doing. God help
dialog: you if you don't ...
text: And with that, he leaves, his goons following. Leaving our
text: crew to stare after him ... And then we FADE TO BLACK...
text: As a SUPER on-screen reads PART III: SWITCHIN'-TO-GLIDE
scene_heading: INT. HELEN RAINES' HOUSE - GARAGE - DAY
text: As Memphis goes through some old boxes. At last, he finds what
text: he's looking for ... Opens it ... He takes out its contents ...
dialog: His tools, which we remember from the opening ... And then...
text: CLOTHING ...
scene_heading: EXT. OTTO'S - DAY
text: Drycoff and Hawkings wait in their unmarked ...
speaker_heading: DRYCOFF
dialog: Oh, this is a good time --
text: He lights another cigarette ... The ashtray is overflowing.
speaker_heading: HAWKINGS
dialog: How much can one man smoke?
speaker_heading: DRYCOFF
dialog: It's a crime, ain't it? Cos
dialog: Castlebeck's got a bug up his ass over
dialog: this guy, I gotta get lung cancer ...
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S
text: Mirror Man and Tumbler are at the window Memphis brought them to
text: last night ... Mirror Man has a RADIO TRANSMITTER in his hand...
text: Donny comes by ...
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Watch and learn, old-timer --
text: As Mirror Man points the antennae out the window ... A TOY CAR - a
text: 1970 HEMI 'CUDA replica ... Radio-operated, the car speeds along
text: the curb outside, using parked cars as cover... She really cooks...
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: The hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
text: Delivering ordnance. Y2K-style.
text: ANGLE - THE 'CUDA. As it cruises along. Is stopped by a discarded
text: 40 oz. empty... But Mirror Man maneuvers and its back on track ...
text: At last, parking jammed up to the front, right tire of DRYCOFF AND
text: HAWKINGS' UNMARKED.
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: The Hemi Has Landed --
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Big deal. Now what?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: What we call: fun and shit.
text: And he hits a button on his radio control ... ANGLE - the model
text: 'Cuda. Wedged in front of the tire. As a quartet of thin steel,
text: razor-tipped SPIKES thrust out from the Shaker hood ... A fraction
text: away from the tire's skin ... Mirror Man and Tumbler appear
dialog: satisfied ...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: We can go now --
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE CROFT'S GLASS HOUSE - DAY
text: The one with the Roadster in the living room... The phone RINGS.
text: The answering machine picks up ... Beeep!
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Yes, this is a message for Mr. Seymour
dialog: Croft, of 1443 Locklin ... This is the
dialog: Department of Water and Power and we're
dialog: going to be doing some work in your
dialog: area tonight ... If you'd please call
dialog: us at 555-1877, so we could discuss
dialog: the...
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S - DAY
text: Freb on this end... He hangs up ...
scene_heading: INT. DISTRICT COURT - DAY
text: Judge Croft picking up his messages ... Writes down the number ...
dialog: Dials ...
scene_heading: INT. CROFT GLASS HOUSE - DAY
text: In the van. Kip and Toby... Toby's got his lap-top out ... And
text: they've re-routed the lines into it ... The phone rings ... Kip
dialog: answers ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Department of Water and Power. Could you hold
dialog: please ...
text: And before the Judge can respond, they've clicked him on hold...
text: And they make him wait ... And wait ... Just like the real D.W.P.
dialog: does ... They high-five...
speaker_heading: TOBY (cont'd)
dialog: Where should we put him?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: He's a Judge. He'll only bite for
dialog: something pimpy -
text: At last, Toby answers ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: D.W.P. Thanks for holding. How can I
dialog: help you?
speaker_heading: JUDGE CROFT
dialog: I got a message. I live at 1443
dialog: Locklin.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yes. can you hold, sir -- ?
speaker_heading: JUDGE CROFT
dialog: NO! No, I can't! I'm a busy man.
text: Kip can hear his anger ... Whispers:
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Oooh, she's chafed --
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: okay, sir. Let me just get the-order.
dialog: Yes. We'll be doing some work out your
dialog: way. We've got a power leak. And it's
dialog: unsafe. We're moving residences to
dialog: the... Marriott Long Beach ...
dialog: Just for the night ...
speaker_heading: JUDGE CROFT
dialog: Oh, for God's sake
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I know, sir ...
text: And Kip pantomimes eating. Toby, at first puzzled, gets it.
speaker_heading: TOBY (cont'd)
dialog: For the inconvenience we're also
dialog: offering a free breakfast brunch --
speaker_heading: JUDGE CROFT
dialog: Breakfast brunch -- ?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Yes, sir -
text: Pause ... They've got him... Thumbs-up ...
speaker_heading: JUDGE CROFT
dialog: Okay, then ... I just go to the
dialog: Marriott and I'm set ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You've been pre-booked...
text: And the Judge hangs up ...
speaker_heading: TOBY (cont'd)
dialog: Goodbye to you, too, assface ...
scene_heading: EXT. OTTO'S - LATER - DAY
text: They all wait, anxious ... Dressed for their night ... And then
text: Memphis enters ... Hoots and hollers ...
text: He's dressed in the old duds. Black turtleneck. Black boots. Black
text: pants. Long, black, leather duster. Way too cool for school.
text: Memphis Raines returns...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: I miss Orville Redenbacher already --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Okay, okay. The important thing to
dialog: remember, is to Think Slow. Take
dialog: your time. It may not seem like it,
text: but the night is long. Long enough.
dialog: Just think slow and think smart...
scene_heading: EXT. OTTO'S - DUSK
text: As the crew get into the van... And drive-off ...
scene_heading: INT. DRYCOFF'S UNMARKED
text: Drycoff starts her up...
speaker_heading: DRYCOFF
dialog: Let's see what these bastards are up to --
text: And' he puts her in gear ... And KA-POW! The front tire EXPLODES
dialog: ... Shredded to rim...
speaker_heading: DRYCOFF (cont'd)
dialog: What the fu--
text: He gets out of the car, goes to the front ... In time to see the
text: little 'Cuda race off down the street after the crew...
speaker_heading: DRYCOFF (cont'd)
dialog: Those little pricks -- !
text: ANGLE -- MIRROR MAN. In the back of the van, With his transmitter.
text: Giggling wildly as the 'Cuda zooms after him.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH HARBOR - NIGHT
text: The massive seaport, a series of wharves. Commercial SCOWS and
dialog: TUGS beast the black water. We should note the enormous 23,000-
text: ton, 627-foot CONTAINER SHIP, swaying in the harbor. And the giant
text: shoreside GANTRY CRANE alongside it ...
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: An expansive warehouse surrounded by chain-link fence ... Enormous
text: SHIPPING CONTAINERS are here, in which the stolen cars will be
text: stored. And cartons and cartons of motor oil.
text: A massive FRONT-END-LOADER will transport each container to the
text: gantry crane, which will lower it onto the cells in the container
dialog: ships' hold...
text: Each team is ready ... Each has a briefcase containing the tools
text: of the trade ... Memphis talks into a two-way RADIO ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How we doing, O -- ?
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S
text: Otto stands before The Big Board - with all the ladies' names on
dialog: it ... On the two-way ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Ready to start erasing. Good luck,
dialog: kiddies --
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: Memphis clicks off ... They climb into 4 Ford Escorts ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Okay. All our ladies should be home
dialog: now, tucked in bed. Let's keep chilly.
dialog: Think Slow. Any questions?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: You sure I can't go with ya?
text: Memphis' ice-water glance is answer enough ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Only use the phones when absolutely
dialog: necessary... Otto's default HQ ...
dialog: Let's go get 'em...
speaker_heading: QUICK SHOTS -
text: Of the four cars, as each team slaps a tape in their deck:
text: 1) Kip and Tumbler. The tape is Tupac. They bang fists.
text: 2) Donny Astricky and Freb ... Donny's playing Miles Davis.
dialog: 3) Memphis and Sway ... And Bruce ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Ready -- ?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Oh, yeah.
text: 4) Mirror Man and The Sphinx... The Sphinx puts on GLASSES with
text: attached FAKE NOSE, to cover his gnarled one ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: You should consider always wearing that,
dialog: boy...
text: And he slides his tape into the deck... And, as The Gap Band's
text: "Burn Rubber On Me" cranks on the track -
text: Our team goes out... Into the night ... Toby watching after
dialog: them... Because they're off ...
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Tumbler and Kip park the massive CAR CARRIER here ... Kip is
text: behind him in the Escort... Tumbler gets into the Escort and Kip
dialog: drives off ...
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH STREET - NIGHT
text: Memphis and Sway in the van ... Searching ... He pulls to a stop
text: ... For a Mazda Rx-7 is parked on this quiet, residential ...
text: Sway gets out ... Eyeballs it ... Comes back...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: No whistles, but a Club You bring a
dialog: hack -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: No. Open her ...
text: He parks ... Opens the back of the van ... Sway pulls the Mazda
text: window ... Gets in ... Ignition-Gizmos her ... The motor now
text: running ... Waits ... Memphis gets in next to her... He has a
text: STEERING WHEEL with him.
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: What the hell's that -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: A little trick I picked up at the Car
dialog: Thief Retirement Home ...
text: He uses his screwdriver to REMOVE four rivets on the Mazda's
text: Clubbed steering column ... In seconds, the CLUBBED STEERING WHEEL
text: IS REMOVED, Club still on it. Memphis pops in the steering wheel
text: he brought, jerry-bangs the rivets ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Let's cruise --
text: And they do ... Sway rolls down her window ... Tosses something as
dialog: they drive off -
text: ANGLE - THE OLD STEERING WHEEL. "Club" firmly affixed to it. On
text: the ground, in the Mazda's old parking place...
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH STREETS - TUMBLER AND KIP
dialog: as they systematize the cars they're responsible for... Tumbler
text: drops Kip off by a Porsche ... We recognize it as one of the cars
text: Mirror Man cut a key for in the valet scam. Kip selects the key
text: from a series of them hooked into his briefcase. He gets out. Keys
text: the car. He's in. He's off ...
text: TUMBLER - meanwhile, has driven to a Volvo C70... He, too, has the
dialog: key ... He's in ... He's off ...
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAR CARRIER - PARKING LOT
text: Kip drives the Porsche onto it, Tumbler enters the lot in the
text: Volvo. QUICK DISSOLVES as they fill it up... Two Honda Accords,
text: another Volvo, a Toyota 4-runner, etc.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCIAL WAREHOUSE - SAN PEDRO - NIGHT
text: All is silent. Chainlink fence topped with swirls of lethal-looking
text: barbed wire. Mirror Man and The Sphinx are here.
text: Mirror Man goes to the main entry fence doors ... He boltcuts the
text: chain ... The doors slide open ... They're in ...
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH STREET - NIGHT
text: A Porsche 911 Cabriolet is parked...
text: Donny and Freb look at it ...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Diane 1.
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Very good. Think you can get in without
dialog: waking her up -- ?
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: That's an after-market alarm. Can't
dialog: just cut her wires ...
text: He pops his briefcase ... Takes out some gear ... Gets out ...
dialog: Moves for Diane 1 ...
scene_heading: INT. RAINES APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Helen Raines is rooting through a crowded closet. At last she
text: finds what she's looking for ... A small black boxy DEVICE. She
text: goes to the living room. Plugs in the box ...
text: It is a POLICE SCANNER... And it immediately starts to pop and caw
text: ... Helen sits down ... And listens... Her face clenched with
dialog: worry ...
scene_heading: EXT. SAN PEDRO WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mirror Man works the thick steel door ... He's got a sledge and
text: center punch... He knocks the knob off with the sledge and then
text: goes to work with an ELECTRIC DRILL ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: This is some state-of-the-art shit,
text: kid. The drill breaks the sockets,
dialog: which force back the spindle and release
text: the lock ...only it doesn't seem to be
dialog: working... And The Sphinx is getting
dialog: impatient ...
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Tumbler and Kip pull in with their car carrier ... Full... They
dialog: start to unload it ...
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S
text: As Otto SWIPES NAMES FROM THE BOARD...
scene_heading: INT. MEMPHIS' VAN - MOVING
text: Memphis and Sway... They ride in silence ... She busies herself by
text: looking through the consul. Comes up with a tube of LIPSTICK. Uses
text: the visor mirror to apply it.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Gosh, no. Lipstick? What next? Mascara, blush,
dialog: floral-print dresses?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Deodorant.
text: And she looks at him... She's really laid the lipstick on
dialog: thick ... But it's oddly effective ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Wow. Bozo, the very sexy clown --
text: Beat. She looks out the window, throws the following away.
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: So, you seeing anybody?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: No. I had a girl. She was great. The
dialog: problem is: great girls come along once
dialog: every ten years. So I gotta wait
dialog: another three years before I can even
dialog: bother to look...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: She was so great, why'd you leave her?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Her parole officer strongly recommended
dialog: it ...
text: She looks at him... But he's stopped the car... For Kip and
text: Tumbler are waiting at the side of the street. They get in.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH STREET - NIGHT
text: Freb dead-shorts the alarm system, grounding it out on the car's
text: own metal surface, just like they taught him... He's in the
dialog: Porsche ... It's just that he can't figure out how to get her
text: started ... The passenger door opens ... Donny...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: It's all microchips and shit ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Yeah?
text: He holds up a screwdriver. Jams it in the steering column.
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: I don't care what kind of car
dialog: it is. How fancy; how expensive;
dialog: how new. You pop the collar -
dialog: it's 1966 all over again ... !
text: He pops the collar - exposing an ordinary ignition system.
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Cool ...
scene_heading: INT. MEMPHIS' VAN - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Memphis drives ... Sway, Kip, Tumbler with him...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: So we loaded all of the keyed cars up and
dialog: dropped 'em ... It was cake ... 8 cars,
dialog: ba-da-bing ...
text: Memphis looks at him in the rear-view ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Having fun, Kip?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hell, yeah... It's a beautiful business ...
dialog: (realizes his gaffe)
dialog: I mean, no, man, it's hard, it's scary,
dialog: it sucks ...
text: Memphis looks at Sway, shakes his head... Kills the lights ... And
dialog: they pull in to
scene_heading: EXT. SAN PEDRO WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Where Mirror Man is still struggling with the lock, his drills
text: and punches, scattered about ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Just give me another --
text: only The Sphinx shoves him aside ... Pulls the GUN from his
text: holster and BLANG! blasts open the lock...
text: Mirror Man stares at the opened door ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Oh, I get it: old school.
text: And Memphis and the others drive up ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: It's going fine. The Quiet Riot and me are
dialog: swapping trade secrets ...
dialog: And in they go --
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: Dark as pitch. Flashlights come on. To reveal
text: ROW UPON ROW OF GLEAMING FERRARIS
text: Old and new models. Daytonas and Boxers and Dinos and
text: Testarossas. There must be at least fifty of them here.
text: Flashlight beams dance over car after car. It's a treasure chest
text: of automotive jewels ... All of our heroes are in awe. And then a
text: soft whimpering. They turn. To see Sway, overcome with emotion.
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: It's just... so... beautiful ...
text: And it is Kip that puts an arm around her ... She sobs into his
text: chest ... Never taking her eyes from the array of Italian grace
text: ... Indeed, they are all in something of trance. Memphis is the
dialog: first one out --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: C'mon, gang. Let's focus. Sway, can
dialog: you prep 'em -- ?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: I think so... They're just... So ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I know. But let's prep 'em. We could
dialog: stay here all night... That wouldn't
dialog: be good --
text: The others are still gazing ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Let's go, people --
dialog: And they set to work...
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CLUB PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Donny Astricky and Freb have accessed a '61 Jag... Watch as Donny
text: takes out 3 screws in the Jag's ignition and removes the whole
dialog: thing ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: So? Tell me: how come they call you
dialog: "Freb" anyways -- ?
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: C'mon, man ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: We're partners here --
text: Freb considers ... Then, reluctantly --
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: My names "Fred." You know: Frederick?
dialog: One drunk night, I decided to give
dialog: myself a tattoo. Hot needle it. I
dialog: used a mirror to guide me ...
text: And he pulls up his sleeve - to show the blue "FREB" tattooed
dialog: there ...
speaker_heading: FREB (cont'd)
dialog: The mirror messed me up with the "b" and
dialog: the "d"... Everything's reversed, you
dialog: know? Now, I'm "Freb."
text: Donny chooses from a selection of IGNITIONS he's brought along.
text: Finds the right one ... Installs it ... Tightens the 3 screws ...
text: Starts the car with his own key ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Glad to know you, "Freberick." Let's
dialog: roll -
dialog: And off they go ...
scene_heading: INT. SAN PEDRO WAREHOUSE
text: Sway sets to prepping the cars ... The others wait nearby. Memphis
text: walks over to where Kip sits ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You okay -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I'm cool.
text: Memphis looks at his watch...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: We gonna make it?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Too early to tell. Nervous?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Nah.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: That's strange. I'm nervous. Donny's nervous.
dialog: Everyone's nervous. But not you...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I dunno. Whatever will be will be...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: That's a good attitude, Kip. For
dialog: everything but stealing cars ...
text: Before Kip can respond, the signature throaty ROAR of Ferrari
text: fills the room, as Sway's got one started --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Showtime --
scene_heading: INT. SAN PEDRO WAREHOUSE - QUICK CUTS
text: as Sway gets the Ferraris started, her skill readily apparent ...
text: And each man - Kip, Tumbler, Mirror Man, The Sphinx - climb behind
text: the wheel and ROAR OFF...
scene_heading: INT. HARBOR WAREHOUSE
text: Toby watches as the Ferraris are driven in. He radios Otto.
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S - THE BIG BOARD
dialog: as the four corresponding names are ERASED...
scene_heading: EXT. TOWNHOUSE - NEWPORT BEACH - A MASERATI BOOMERANG
text: glowing silver; cool wedge shape, 15-degree angled windscreen; the
text: definition of sleek. Memphis and Sway, in the van, roll up to the
dialog: Maserati.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Hello, Tracy...
text: Except that a MAN comes out of the house ... Mid-20s, silk shirt,
dialog: long, leather Prada coat ... Persian'dude ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Shit.
text: The man climbs into the Maserati. Memphis follows...
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR TOWERS - CONDO COMPLEX - ROOFTOP LOT
text: Lots of high-end cars. Mirror Man and The Sphinx search the rows
dialog: ... At last coming to -
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Gina -- !
text: The 188 Lamborghini Countach... They move for it... Stop ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
dialog: Check it --
text: He gettures to the LICENSE PLATE. It reads "SNAKE"...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
text: Oooh. "Snake." Tough guy. "Snake."
dialog: Homeboy wants you to call him: Snaake-!
dialog: They crack up ... Size her ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
dialog: No whistles ... That's weird...
text: He shrugs ... They slim-jim her "beetle-wing" articulated door ...
text: Climb in ... The Sphinx starts her up ... Mirror Ma gets in beside
dialog: him... The seats are sooo low ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
dialog: This shit's on point. Check it: 200.
text: He gestures to the speedometer ... Calibrated to 200 MPH..
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
text: Halfway there, we switch. I drive.
text: The Sphinx shrugs ... And they head out ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Say goodbye to your ride, Snake...
scene_heading: EXT. BACK BAY STREET - NIGHT
text: Memphis and Sway have followed the Maserati to another building...
text: Idles ... Smokey Robinson's "Cruisin'" croons.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What's this guy up to -- ?
text: After a beat, a WOMAN comes out ... She gets into the car.
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: It's 1:30 on a Tuesday. Is that any
dialog: time to pick a girl up for a date?
text: The Maserati's lights go off... He's parked...
speaker_heading: SWAY (cont'd)
dialog: What, are they gonna mack -- ?
text: Yeah. The couple start kissing. Memphis checks his watch
speaker_heading: SWAY (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe she's got a roommate...
text: Beat ... They watch the couple in the Maserati for a beat.
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S
text: Junie, Otto's gal, on the telephone...
speaker_heading: JUNIE
dialog: ... that's right. They'll be in the
text: lobby of the Riviera Building. 2206
dialog: Beacon Street. Palos Verdes ...
dialog: And we go to --
scene_heading: EXT. RIVIERA BUILDING - PALOS VERDES
text: And see a LINCOLN LIMOUSINE pull up outside this posh apartment
text: building... The DRIVER gets out ... Heads to the lobby ... We see
text: Kip and Tumbler step out from the shadows across the street ...
text: climb into the limo... Drive off ...
scene_heading: INT. LAMBORGHINI COUNTACH - MOVING - NIGHT
text: The Sphinx drives ... Mirror Man pops in his tape ... Albert
dialog: King's "Drivin' Wheel."
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: That's what I'm talkin' about -- !
text: He boogies down. The Sphinx is bewitched, awed by the car's
text: magnificent power. But then Mirror Man SCREAMS -- ! With pure
text: terror. For, at his feet, wrapped around his legs, is
text: A BOA CONSTRICTOR - some 8-feet long... A mass of heavilykeeled
text: scales shimmering on coiled muscle ... Mirror Man screams on and
dialog: on...
text: The Sphinx swerves wildly... Racing through a red light. Barely
text: missing an on-coming BUS ... Passing a pair of COPS coming out of
text: a 7-11. They hop into their unit. Give chase.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWPORT BEACH - THE MASERATI
text: The Persian man and his date ... Mackin' hard... Behind them
text: Memphis and Sway wait in the Mazda. Memphis is on the cell
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: ... okay, check with you soon ...
text: He hangs up ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Otto says 22 ladies have reported for
dialog: work...
text: Sway nods ... The Maserati's windows are fully-steamed...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Man, they're going at it
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: They're in love ...
text: Long beat ... He looks at her ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What about you?
text: She looks at him... Shrugs...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: You remember my Gramma? Yeah. I was
dialog: thinking. If she were alive. And she
dialog: asked me. If she came down, right now.
dialog: Asked me. "What do you do, Sara?
dialog: What's your life?" Innocently.
dialog: Nonjudgemental. I think it would break
dialog: her heart if I said I was a thief. I
dialog: steal cars, Gramma. And even though,
dialog: hey, I learned it all from her son.
dialog: My Uncle Eddie. Who taught me the basics.
dialog: Which you refined. (You remember Randall,
dialog: Gramma? You thought he was neat. Well,
dialog: he refined the basics ... ). I don't
dialog: think that's what she hoped for me...
text: She looks at him ...
speaker_heading: SWAY (cont'd)
dialog: But ... That said... Car thieves are my
dialog: weakness ... It's all so terribly Loretta
dialog: Lynn or something, I know... But ... I
dialog: don't wanna be a thief anymore ... I don't
dialog: wanna love a thief anymore ... I want to
dialog: wear a dress maybe once in a while... Maybe
dialog: have a kid... Watch a lot of Audrey Hepburn
dialog: movies.. And think about my Gramma without
dialog: also thinking "shame on me. Shame on
dialog: me. Shame on me... "
text: She looks at him... He leans into her ... Kisses her... Tentative
dialog: at first ... Then... With urgency...
scene_heading: INT. G.R.A.B. FORCE OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Phones ringing like mad... Drycoff walks into Castlebeck's
dialog: office...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: It's an epidemic, Rollie ... I'm
dialog: getting reports every five minutes ...
scene_heading: INT. THE MAZDA - BACK BAY - NIGHT
text: As "Little Red Corvette" by Prince warbles on the track... Memphis
text: and Sway still kissing... She breaks it for:
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Arright ... Enough ... I can't have you
dialog: bellying up to my heart again, man, f
dialog: you can't help falling off the stool.
text: But he puts his mouth to her ears ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Shhh... Car thieves are your weakness.
text: Whispers ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: I approach you. It's quiet. I look
dialog: this way. That. No one around ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Stop. What about Maserati Boy?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I take out my slim-jim...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Oh, God...
text: And yes, this is patently absurd. But it's also oddly sexy.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Slip it in ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: You're going high-cheese, dude --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Unlock your button ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: "Unlock my button" ... ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
text: The alarms go off ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Woo-woo-wooooo!
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I pop your hood; find your siren wires
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: They're factory alarms ... Easy to get
dialog: around... For a man with... Skills...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I do ... I cut "em...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Cut 'em...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Now... I'm in ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Of course you are. You're a
dialog: professional...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I ratchet your ignition mechanism ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: I bet you say that to all the girls...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: With a twist of my wrist ... You're turned
dialog: over ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Wrong preposition...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Hear you roar ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: What about The Club ... ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Let me worry about The Club ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: No worries ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I've got you floored... We're off ...
dialog: Take the curb... Man, can you corner...
dialog: Know not to get on it ... Momentum
dialog: shift ... Don't get on those brakes
dialog: too hard ... Get her up on her
text: tires. Up on her toes. Up ... Up...
dialog: Up.
text: Back arched... A small moan escapes her ... Prince wails ... And
dialog: Sway has achieved whatever kind of silly climax they aspired to
text: here... She flops back down... Looks at him...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: You're still quite the boost, Randall
dialog: Raines ...
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: Except now I've been chopped, and my
text: parts are in a Honda Prelude being driven
dialog: to church in South America by some
dialog: Bolivian consulate's wife ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: And Tracy's on the move ...
text: Indeed, the girl has gotten out of the Maserati... And the car has
text: rocketed off... Memphis punches the gas,'sending Sway to the floor...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Wham, bam, thank-you, Ma'am, point-
dialog: five ...
text: PRE-LAP Alice Cooper's "Under My Wheels" and SLAM CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH STREETS - NIGHT
text: CLOSE UP OF THE "SNAKE" LICENSE PLATE as its ass-end fishtails
text: like a bastard... The Sphinx is outrunning what is now a
text: half-dozen CRUISERS ...
scene_heading: INT. COUNTACH - MIRROR MAN
text: is freaking out ... The snake wrapped all around him...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: What do I do? What do I do? Aw, man.
dialog: He's gonna swallow my shit whole
dialog: Let's go to a hospital or something!
text: But The Sphinx shakes his head. No.
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
dialog: C'mon, you creepy no-nosed motherfucker.
dialog: Take me to a hospital!
text: Nope. The Sphinx drives on... Into yet another
scene_heading: DIRECTOR'S CHASE SCENE
dialog: This one even cooler than the last ... And once they've eluded all
text: of the police, The Sphinx pulls over to the side of a DARKENED
dialog: STREET...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: What are you doing? I'm gonna die!
text: The Sphinx leans over... And PINCHES THE SNAKE BEHIND THE BACK OF
dialog: THE HEAD...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
dialog: You tryin' to make him more mad?
text: But, miraculously, the snake RELAXES ITS GRIP on Mirror Man... And
text: slithers off... To the back of the car ... Where it immediately
text: goes back to sleep ... Mirror Man stares at Sphinx, who smiles
dialog: genially. Then:
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
dialog: I never thought it'd be possible:
dialog: but your ass just got spookier ...
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: Freb and Donny Astricky have gotten "Laura", a '99 Bentley
dialog: started...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: You ever feel bad about any of this?
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Of course not. I'm Robin Hood. I take
dialog: from the rich, and give to the needy...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: You mean the poor --
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: No. The needy. Us. Cos we need this
dialog: car!
dialog: And Donny puts her in gear, When a GUN is jammed agains't Donny's
dialog: temple ...
speaker_heading: JACKER
dialog: Out of the car, bitch, or I blow your
dialog: fucking head off -- !
text: Donny looks at the jacker... Surprised... It is a KID ... No more
dialog: than 16 ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Are you kidding me -- ?
speaker_heading: JACKER
dialog: NOW -- !
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: I'm stealing this car. So BACK OFF!
speaker_heading: JACKER
dialog: I'll shoot you fool... I'LL BLOW YOUR
dialog: BRAINS OUT -- !
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: Donny --
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Donny-nothin'!
text: And he SLAMS OPEN THE DOOR... catching the kid in the balls ...
text: And the kid doubles over... Dropping the gun ... Donny gets out of
dialog: the car...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
text: Lazy, disrespectinIf half-assed
dialog: bully. Any asshole can pull a gun ...
text: And he starts to kick at the kid ... Beat at him...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: You don't know how to steal a
dialog: car, do ya? So you gotta take
dialog: them when there's already a key
dialog: in them ... And a person in them...
dialog: Scare people ... Intimidate ...
dialog: Little freakin' bully ...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: C'mon, Donny... Let's go, man --
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: Lazy ... Lazy ... I ask you, Freb:
dialog: what's the matter with kids today?
text: But then - BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Bullets rip into Donny Astricky in
text: terrifying SLOW-MOTION. He turns ... To see another KID ...
text: Scared... At the edge of the road... Gat held high ... And Donny
text: drops to the pavement ... And the first Jacker gets to his feet...
text: Freb goes to Donny... To his splayed-out body ... SIRENS split the
text: night. The jackers run off down the street.
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Get outta here. Get out. Now!
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: I can't leave you here, man --
text: Freb doesn't know what to do... Donny croaks ...
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY
dialog: I'm all right. Been shot before. You
dialog: take me to the hospital, they bust the
dialog: both of us. The cops'll take me. Go!
text: And Freb-makes to run off down the street... But --
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Freb -- !
text: Freb turns back
speaker_heading: DONNY ASTRICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Take Laura with you, you stupid shit!
text: Freb blinks. Nods. Oh, yeah. He climbs into the Bentley Drives off...
text: As the CRUISERS pull up around him... And the UNIFORMS getout, guns
text: drawn, approaching warily -
text: To find Donny Astricky ... Splayed-out on the pavement ...
text: Laughing at the moon ... And, as Jimi Hendrix' "Crosstown Traffic"
text: BLASTS ON TRACK, we CUT TO:
dialog: of the final series of boosts ...
text: 1) The Maserati parked and empty. Sway breaches it.
text: Expert. They drive off ...
text: 2) Kip and Tumbler. Clocking a VIPER. They circle it..
text: It's loaded with bells and whistles and Clubs and a
text: metallic voice that warns: "WARNING: YOU ARE TOO CLOSE THE
text: VEHICLE!" over and over ... Kip shakes his head ...
text: Ushers Tumbler back ...
text: 3) Mirror Man and The Sphinx deliver an Aston Martin to the docks
text: ... Watch as it is driven into a container. The container loaded
text: by gantry crane, onto the ship, lashed to the deck by overworked
scene_heading: LONGSHOREMEN...
text: 4) Helen Raines. Looking out the window. Listening to
dialog: the scanner for word of her boys...
text: 5) The Big Board. Female names disappearing like dust..
text: 6) Castlebeck and Drycoff. Cruising the streets.
dialog: Searching ...
text: 7) Kip and Tumbler return to The Viper. This time, in a RAMP
text: TRUCK. They raise the ramp. Tie down the Viper. A drive off with
text: it, to be disarmed at a later, safer venue as it continues its
text: robotic exhortation of "WARNING. YOU ARE TOO CLOSE TO THE
text: VEHICLE." Over and over again ...
dialog: 8) All our teams... Speeding toward us ... In different
text: cars ... As the MUSIC FADES and we END MONTAGE
scene_heading: EXT. 1443 LOCKLIN - JUDGE CROFT'S GLASS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Where "Annie" the 137 Roadster lives as an objet d'art.
text: FIGURES in the thicket surrounding the property. Memphis,
text: Sway, Kip, Tumbler, Mirror Man, The Sphinx...
text: Mirror Man has the mansion's ELECTRICAL BOX opened... He' going
text: through the wires ... Cutting alarm, phone, etc.
text: Memphis is on the cell phone... Face grim... He hangs up.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Donny got shot ... A jacker ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: How is he -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: They got him to the hospital. He's stable ...
dialog: Beat ... As they all reflect on this...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: On a brighter note: 47 ladies have
dialog: checked in for their South American
dialog: sea cruise -
text: This cheers them slightly. Until, from the electrical box:
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Got it -- !
text: And the few remaining lights of 1443 flicker and fade ... They
dialog: regard the house for a beat ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Now what -- ?
dialog: No one's quite sure ... They look at the house ... At all that
text: glass ... Then Kip walks to their car ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Pop the trunk, Tumbler.
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: What for -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I gotta get my tool --
text: And Tumbler and Mirror Man look at each other ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: No way, homes ...
text: Too late. The trunk is popped. Kip reaches in. Comes up with, yes,
text: another BRICK ... And Kip walks toward the house. Toward the vast
dialog: windows ...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN (cont'd)
dialog: (to Memphis)
dialog: Ya' gotta stop him, man --
text: But Kip forges on, indomitable ... Only he passes the huge glass
text: windows ... Walking, instead, up to the front door ... And he
text: SMASHES the brick down onto the DOORKNOB. Knocking it clean off...
text: Looks back at the others with a wink. And enters the house...
text: Tumbler runs after him...
scene_heading: INT. 1443 LOCKLIN
text: Kip walks through the dark house ... At last, coming to the living
text: room... To "Annie'. He gets behind the wheel ... Her ignition is
text: quick work. He's got her started, loud, in the quiet house. She
text: coughs a bit; it's been a long time. Tumbler is there...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Now what -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Now, we go -
text: And he drives her off the platform. Tumbler directs him...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: This way... This way... This...
text: Her nose bumps a zillion-dollar VASE, which topples and shatters...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER (cont'd)
dialog: That way...
text: And Tumbler climbs in beside him... Kip drives her around the huge
text: living room... And Kip punches the gas ...
text: And they drive the Roadster down the hall ... And right through
text: the OPEN DOOR... Driving down onto the lawn ... Up to their
dialog: cohorts ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: See ya back at the ranch, kids -- !
text: And off they go ... Vanishing down the street ... The others watch
dialog: after him ... Mirror Man to Memphis:
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Gotta tell ya, man: since you been back?
dialog: You've had a real calming influence on
dialog: ol' Kip...
scene_heading: INT. G.R.A.B. TASK FORCE OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Drycoff comes into Castlebeck's office ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: They just brought in Donny Astricky.
text: Shot by a jacker ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: How is he?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: He'll live. But it means your boy's
text: behind it. Astricky was holding a list.
dialog: They just faxed it to us...
text: He hands Castlebeck the list. Calitri's 50. Castlebeck notes the
dialog: last entry...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Let's get out there. And have them
dialog: run down every 167 Shelby Mustang in
dialog: the area ... Find out where they're at.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: What for?
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: You spend enough time down a man's
dialog: throat, you get to know his tonsils.
dialog: Do it ...
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - LONG BEACH HARBOR - NIGHT
text: Kip and Tumbler deliver the Roadster. Toby checks it in.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Any more ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I dunno ...
dialog: And Kip gets on the two-way...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Any more, O -- ?
speaker_heading: OTTO (O.S.)
dialog: You guys are through...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Whatcha got left ... ?
speaker_heading: OTTO (O.S.)
text: "Carol." A 198 Mercedes ... She lives
dialog: in the suburbs ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: We'll take it...
speaker_heading: OTTO (O.S.)
text: It's ear-marked for Mirror Man and The
dialog: Sphinx...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: We'll take it.
text: And they climb in behind a waiting Jeep Cherokee ...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: Later, Toby --
dialog: But Toby's not around...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: Toby?
text: No answer... Kip shrugs... And off they go ...
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL NEIGHBORHOOD - CHESTNUT HILL - NIGHT
dialog: A nice neighborhood... Upper middle class ... So damn suburban you
text: can practically smell the gas grills ... A NEIGHBORHOOD SECURITY
text: PATROL CAR glides by them...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Gettin' fancy... Got their own palace
dialog: guard -
text: When, from the back of the Jeep:
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I never been to the suburbs ...
text: Toby is there ... Having stowed-away...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: What are you doing here, assface?
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Checkin' it out
text: He smiles at Kip ... Kip looks at Tumbler ... Drives ... At last,
text: pulling up to one HOUSE where the '98 Benz - "'Carol" lives. Kip
text: parks, a half block down ... They get out ... Head for the
dialog: house...
text: And there she is. "Carol." Obsidian black. In the
text: garage. The garage is open. And THREE KIDS, two boys and a
text: girl. Late teens. They are standing around "Carol"...
text: Drinking beer... Listening to the new Beck album on the
text: car's CD player ... The folks clearly out of town ...
text: Well-scrubbed, white suburban children of plenty ... The only crew
text: they've ever run in is J. Crew... From the hedge, Kip, Tumbler and
text: Toby watch the kids ... With equal parts fascination, loathing,
text: envy... And then, the kids go inside... Leaving "Carol" exposed...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I got this one...
text: And before the others can respond, he moves for her. And she's
text: open... Toby's in ... Butterfly popped - Gizmo in. The others start
text: to get in when ONE OF THE KIDS comes out from the house. He stares
text: at Toby, who freezes mid-boost ...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: (whispered hiss)
dialog: Get her started, man -- !
text: And Toby does... And slams her in reverse. And they're off
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE -LONG BEACH HARBOR - NIGHT
text: The group - - Memphis, Sway, Freb, Mirror Man, and The Sphinx
text: - has returned... The final cars loaded onto the ship ...
text: Memphis looks out into the night --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: C'mon, Kip -
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREETS - "CAROL" - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Toby drives them out, Kip shotgun, Tumbler in the back. But the
text: suburbs are confusing. They can't find their way out.
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Which way's out, man -- ?
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Shit all looks the same here --
text: They drive. Only up ahead, blocking the street, LIGHTS blinding...
text: Are TWO SECURITY PATROL CARS - SECURITY COPS on the strong ...
dialog: Guns drawn...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Shit ...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Run it...
text: Toby looks to Kip...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: What am I supposed to do?
text: Toby pins the gas. Straight at the block... The security cops dive
text: out of the way. Except for one standing tall and FIRING into the
text: windshield... Into Toby... The car swerves. Going off the road.
text: Into a bank of mailboxes.
text: The security guards run for her... Kip, forehead bloodied,
text: switches places with Toby, getting behind the wheel ... Punches
dialog: the gas ... Getting them out of there ...
scene_heading: INT. "CAROL" - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Kip drives like a wild man ... Toby is bleeding something fierce...
text: Shot in the chest...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Jesus, Kip ... I'm shot, man ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Just hold on... Hold on ...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: What are we gonna do -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hospital.
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: We can't do that, dude --
text: Kip looks at Tumbler ... They both look at Toby...
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE -LONG BEACH HARBOR - NIGHT
text: As the 'Vette comes screaming into the warehouse ... Kip exploding
text: out of it ... Getting into the back. Memphis goes to the car, sees
text: Toby ... Front of his shirt covered in blood ... The others gather
dialog: around...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Jesus ...
text: Memphis climbs into the car ... Kip is holding Toby...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I didn't know... Should we take him to
dialog: a hospital? I didn't know. I didn't.
text: Toby is clearly dying in Kip's arms...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Kip. Kip. Kip. Tell me: what's
dialog: gonna happen? What's gonna happen?
dialog: But Kip is lost ... Doesn't know what to say --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You're gonna be okay, Toby... You are ...
dialog: We'll getcha fixed up...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: No ... No... No ... Tell me what's
dialog: gonna happen? Kip? Tell me. What's
dialog: gonna happen?
text: The brothers stare at the boy... Kip wipes his sweatstreaked face...
speaker_heading: TOBY (cont'd)
dialog: What's gonna happen? I don't feel ...
dialog: like ... this ... should.... happen ...
dialog: right ... now. I...haven't... done ...
text: shit... Tears running down his eyes...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Shhhhhh, shhhhh ...
text: Kip looks to his brother for help ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Call 911 -
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Call 'em here -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: DO IT! NOW -- !
text: And Mirror Man scurries for the phone... Toby's breathing comes
text: out in short staccato bursts ...
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: Kip... Kip... Kip... It doesn't
dialog: feel... It doesn't feel... It doesn't
dialog: feel... good
text: He looks up at Kip. All of the light goes out of his eyes. And
text: Toby is dead... Kip holds him for a beat ... Then passes him to a
text: surprisingly emotional Tumbler ... Kip gets out of the car, runs
text: for the opposite end of the warehouse ...
text: The others are stunned... Mirror Man hangs up the phone ...
text: Memphis gets out of the car ... He goes after Kip ... Finds him in
text: one of the containers ... Grabs him by the collars ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What did I tell you? What? What did
dialog: I tell you?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I don't know. What -- ?
text: And Kip looks at him... Tears fall from the younger boy's eyes ...
text: And Kip looks so lost ... So like a little kid...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Come here --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Come here -
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Come here -
text: And Kip does ... He walks to Memphis ... And Memphis puts his arms
text: around him... And that's it. The floodgates open. Kip begins to
text: sob. Deep, painful, racking sobs. And then:
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I've missed you, man ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I know. I've missed you, too
dialog: And they hold each other ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Toby...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I know ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Toby...
text: And they stay in the embrace... And then Memphis unwraps Kip's
text: arms from around him...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Stay here. Stay here a while. I'll
dialog: be back ...
text: Kip nods, sniffles ... Memphis walks out of the container ... He
text: strides up to the others ... Glances at Toby's clipboard, with all
text: the cars crossed-out ... He goes to Sway...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: Give me a ride -- ?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Where to -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Kip's not clear yet. We got one more
dialog: to go --
text: And she nods ... And climbs into one of the Escorts... And off
text: they go ... The others standing around the 'Vette and Toby's
dialog: body...
text: ANGLE - THE CLIPBOARD. One car left. Eleanor.
text: As a SUPER on-screen reads: PART IV: DREAMS OF YOU
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNATIONAL TOWERS - DAWN
text: The sun just starting to take all the purple from the night ...
text: Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff are parked across from the
text: towers in their unmarked...
text: Sway pulls up a few blocks away ... Memphis has put on a fake
dialog: moustache, wig, necktie ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: You okay -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Yeah ... You -- ?
text: She nods ... He looks at her ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (cont'd)
dialog: You should know: walking away from my
dialog: mother, my brother, this town. Was
dialog: hard. Walking away from you. Nearly
dialog: killed me...
text: And she smiles sadly ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: I know ...
text: She takes his hand ... Squeezes it ...
speaker_heading: SWAY (cont'd)
dialog: Good luck...
text: Memphis, now in gray flannel suit, wig and moustache, steps out.
text: As he heads for the Tower garage...
text: IN THE UNMARKED
text: Drycoff is on the radio ... Binoculars up, on the Escort's license
text: plate - 635 CKG ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: One-Baker-11 ... 10-28-29...California
dialog: 6-3-5 Charles King George.
text: They wait ... Sway drives off ...
speaker_heading: RADIO (O.S.)
dialog: One-Baker-11. 6-3-5 Charles King
dialog: George. No want. Not on file...
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TOWERS GARAGE
text: Memphis walks along the cars ... At last, he finds her --
dialog: Eleanor.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERNATIONAL TOWERS - DAY
dialog: Castlebeck and Drycoff ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: Check it out --
text: He points ... The '67 Mustang appears at the top of the garage
text: ramp ... Brakes ... Waiting for the light ... Castlebeck squints...
text: Raises the binocs ... Tough to tell.. Memphis drifts into the stream
dialog: of traffic ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF (cont'd)
dialog: What do you think -- ?
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Let's see what he's about --
text: Drycoff hits the lights and sirens ... Memphis sees the car behind
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Shit ...
text: And kicks it into gear...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: Hey, now -- !
text: He pins it ... And THE RACE IS ON... In the biggest way possible.
dialog: This is the grand-daddy of chase scenes here, so we won't take the
dialog: easy way out. We'll actually script it ... Memphis races out onto
text: the busy street, Drycoff on his ass.
text: Drycoff pulls up alongside him... So they can see him. But the wig
text: and moustache prevent them from recognizing Memphis ... Other cars
text: suffer from the pursuit ... They go careening into parked cars,
text: storefronts, Harvard Square ...
text: Memphis side-swipes Drycoff's car ... Memphis drives down the
dialog: Memorial Drive OFF-RAMP, against traffic
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
text: 1 Baker 11, in pursuit following
dialog: collision with suspect. Suspect
text: is male, white, 40-45, six feet,
dialog: 175 pounds, gray hair, gray
text: moustache, dark suit ... T.A.'s have
dialog: occurred...
text: Memphis races her down an alleyway... And we HEAR, as we will
dialog: throughout, the VOICE of the
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: Switch to open channel 3. All units
dialog: stand-by.
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (cont'd)
text: 1 Baker 11 in pursuit of a '67 Ford
dialog: Mustang, license in the 6th column -
scene_heading: 614 HSO. Repeat: 6-1-4 Harry Sam
text: Ocean. Westbound on Memorial Drive,
dialog: against traffic ...
text: Eleanor races past The Queen Mary ... crossing the bridge into
text: Long Beach ... She flies down the street ... Memphis, removing his
text: wig and moustache as he goes... Another POLICE CAR has joined
dialog: Drycoff and Castlebeck...
scene_heading: INT. KISS-108 RADIO STATION - DAY
text: The jocular drive-time jock MATTY IN THE MORNING - is broadcasting
dialog: in his studio ...
text: MATTY IN THE MORNING
dialog: We're getting reports that a big
text: police chase has started right near
dialog: our humble studios ... We'll keep
dialog: you posted...
scene_heading: EXT. ELEANOR - MOVING - MEMPHIS
text: Has the radio on ... Hears Matty ... He serpentines his way
text: through the tangle of alleys...
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: All units. Stand-by to copy. 167 Mustang
text: is silver in color. One occupant. California
dialog: license 6-1-4 Henry Sam Ocean. Reason for
text: pursuit is unknown.
text: Drycoff does his best to follow. Another CRUISER has joined up.
text: Memphis is driving like Richard Petty...
scene_heading: INT. LONG BEACH POLICE STATION - DAY
text: Two dozen COPS sit in the muster room listening to the dispatch.
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: ... Suspect is headed southbound
dialog: on Mount Vernon, at Cambridge Street --
text: The cops look at each other. Holy shit! And race for the exit.
dialog: Because Mt. Vernon and Cambridge is the address of
scene_heading: THE LONG BEACH POLICE STATION
text: where there are literally 15 POLICE CARS parked out front... And
dialog: Memphis has just arrived...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Shit ...
text: Watch the mad scramble as COPS dive into their units... And try to
text: get out of each other's way... Fenders crunch ... Cops curse.
text: Memphis bootlegs - going reverse down the wrong way. Left on
dialog: Cambridge ... Left onto City Hall Plaza --
scene_heading: CITY HALL PLAZA
text: is 10 ACRES OF BRICK in the heart of downtown ... And now it's
text: like a demolition derby... As Drycoff/Castlebeck and some 4 SQUAD CARS
text: are chasing Memphis around the Plaza ...
text: A POLICE CHOPPER has arrived on the scene... Camera out. Memphis
text: takes one more spin around the plaza, then sees a
text: SHALLOW FLIGHT OF STAIRS by the back entrance to City.Hall. And he
scene_heading: takes them... CLUMP-KUMP-KA-DUMP-DUMP-DUMP
text: And now he's on some of the narrowest streets in Long Beach. He
text: flies through them... A mad mouse in a maze ... INT. KISS-108 -
text: MATTY IN THE MORNING
text: watches the chase on TV, via Copter-cam. Still broadcasting.
text: MATTY IN THE MORNING
dialog: Man, is this boy driving! You go,
dialog: Boss Barracuda
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY
text: Memphis races along He's got 4 SQUAD CARS ON HIM
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: Attention all units. Pursuit is now
dialog: southbound on the 33 from the
dialog: construction area on Kneeland
text: Street; all units in the area assist.
dialog: Code 3.
text: He takes the Kneeland Street exit... And he's run out of road at
scene_heading: A SHOPPING DISTRICT
dialog: where vehicle traffic ends. Foot traffic only ... Here com the
text: cops... Memphis spins the wheel ... And he drives onto PUBLIC PARK...
text: Across the grounds ... Past the dew-drenched flora and the paddle
text: boats lolling on the lagoon ...
text: Only there are SQUAD CARS coming from this side too... And he's
text: pinned. Police on the perimeters, He slows to a stop.
text: Cops jump out of their cars, guns drawn. Memphis in the center.
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: All units. Pursuit has terminated at
dialog: The Garden Park. Repeat --
text: And Castlebeck is on the BULLHORN:
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: (amplified)
dialog: You in the car. The area is
dialog: surrounded. I want you out to step
dialog: from the vehicle. Hands on your head.
text: Memphis considers his options ... He sees the FOOT BRIDGE over the
text: lagoon ... Hears the radio ...
scene_heading: MATTY IN THE MORNING (O.S.)
dialog: Is our boy done? Has The
dialog: Boss Barracuda been grounded -- ?
text: Memphis takes out his cell phone ... Dials...
scene_heading: INT. KISS-108
text: The COORDINATING PRODUCER comes into the booth ...
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: Some guy's on the phone for you,
dialog: Matty. Claims to be The Boss
dialog: Barracuda ...
text: Matty scrambles for the phone --
text: MATTY IN THE MORNING
dialog: Hello -- ?
scene_heading: INT. ELEANOR - PARK
text: Memphis in the middle of the gauntlet ... On the phone ...
scene_heading: MATTY IN THE MORNING (O.S.)
dialog: Is this The Boss Barracuda -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: MATTY IN THE MORNING (O.S.)
dialog: How you doing, man -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: The truth is - my car here doesn't
dialog: have a tape deck. You mind hooking me
dialog: with up with some driving tunes ?
scene_heading: MATTY IN THE MORNING (O.S.)
dialog: You got it, brother.
text: Memphis hangs up ... Hears:
scene_heading: MATTY IN THE MORNING (O.S.)
dialog: This one is going out to
dialog: The Boss Barracuda. Catch him
dialog: if you can --
text: And he plays Chuck Berry's "No Particular Place To Go" And
text: Memphis smiles ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Attaboy --
text: And punches the gas ... Going right at Castlebeck and the others
text: ... Smashing through the squad cars ... And ACROSS THE FOOT
text: BRIDGE, over the swan boats ...
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
text: All units. The pursuit is going
dialog: again
text: Is it ever. Memphis drives out of the park.. And gets onto
scene_heading: ANOTHER FREEWAY
text: Ten lanes of gnarly superhighway ... He opens her up... Full
text: throttle ... The chopper above him ...
scene_heading: INT. OTTO'S SALVAGE - DAY
text: The gang is watching on the TV... Freaking out ... ANGLE - KIP. He
text: slips out of the place. No one's noticed him go...
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - TOLL BOOTH
text: ahead. Eleanor crashes the gate going 98, to borrow a
text: phrase. But he' s driving too close to the shoulder, and he
text: SMASHES INTO A LIGHT POLE -- ! The car does a 180 ...
text: Landing with a horrible THUD ... And here come the cops ...
text: Memphis is wobbly... Looks like he's almost through. Thirty cop
text: cars idle behind him...
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: Attention: suspect has T.A.'d with light
text: pole at the Carson Street offramp ...
dialog: Pursuit has terminated... And Chuck Berry
text: has come to an And Matty obliges with
dialog: Golden Earring's "Radar Love" ... And
dialog: this seems to rouse our boy... Because he
dialog: gets her started again ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Thanks, brother
text: Spins her around... And goes
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: That is negative. Pursuit has not
dialog: terminated. Repeat: not terminated.
scene_heading: CASTLEBECK AND DRYCOFF
text: climb back into their car ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: Who is this friggin' guy -- ?
text: CLOSE ON - CASTLEBECK. Because he's got a sick feeling who.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
text: takes an exit ... And speeds on through the with everyone in
dialog: pursuit ...
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: Attention all units. Road block being
text: set up at the eastern terminus of the
dialog: Long Beach Harbor Tunnel. Use caution.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR TUNNEL EASTERN TERMINUS
text: It's quite a road block. A DOZEN SQUAD CARS. A WOODEN BARRICADE
dialog: ... The whole shebang...
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - ELEANOR
text: eating asphalt ... Coming to the tunnel's mouth ... To the road
text: block ... Memphis pins her ... ZOOOOOM! Dead-on to the roadblock
text: ... And, at the last moment, as the COPS dive out of the way --
text: Memphis bangs the gear shift into neutral -- And yanks the parking
text: brake -- And the mustang spins on the straight --(and yes, this is
text: exactly like our opening) Screeching spin ... It stops inches from
dialog: the road block ...
text: Beat ... Thirty squad cars stop behind him ...
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: All units. Pursuit has been
dialog: terminated. Repeat: pursuit has
dialog: been terminated at Harbor Tunnel
dialog: Eastern Terminus --
text: Sure it has. Memphis' foot SLAMS ON Eleanor's pedal ... SMASHING
text: THROUGH THE ROADBLOCK... Cars and cops flying ... And the Dispatch
text: guy is getting pissed.
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: Check that, all units. You guessed it.
dialog: Pursuit has not been terminated. Jesus
dialog: Christ, will you catch this guy?
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH BRIDGE
text: A huge suspension bridge spanning the harbor ... Except that on
dialog: the Long Beach side, therehas been a terrible ACCIDENT ... An
text: eleven-car PILE UP ...
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: This is Rescue 2... We're at a scene of an
dialog: 11-car collision with multiple injuries,
dialog: responded to Ladder truck Code 3 ...
dialog: We'll need back-up and The Jaws of Life...
text: Paramedics ... RAMP TRUCKS hauling away wrecked cars ... Fire
text: engines ... Bloodied VICTIMS ...
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - ELEANOR
dialog: takes it on through the vast construction underway here ... And
text: here's our money shot: Eleanor. On Route 33. COMING AT US ...
text: Followed by, literally, 20 POLICE-CARS ... Could be just about the
dialog: coolest fucking thing we've ever seen... But before we have time
dialog: to gloat:
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH (O.S.)
dialog: All units. Suspect vehicle has
dialog: left The Harbor Tunnel roadblock...
dialog: State Police advises they have
text: a multiple T.A. on the Long Beach
dialog: Bridge... Accident is unrelated
dialog: to Long Beach P.D. pursuit... Repeat
text: unrelated to Long Beach P.D. pursuit.
dialog: The area is closed except to
text: emergency vehicles. Suspect is headed
dialog: in that direction. Use caution in that
dialog: area. Repeat: use caution in that
dialog: area ...
scene_heading: THE LONG BEACH BRIDGE
text: Southbound traffic on the bridge (into Long Beach) is at a
text: stand-still because of the accident... The Northbound side of the bridge
text: is EMPTY... Northbound traffic stopped at the accident ...
text: Memphis comes to a stop 100 feet before the accident ... There is
text: no way past it, onto the bridge ... All the cops behind him come
text: to a screeching halt. He is truly trapped.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: is thrilled ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: Gotcha now, dickhead --
text: But Castlebeck's not so sure ... He sees a possible play... So
dialog: does
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
text: Heavy sigh... He shuts off the radio ... And there's a strange
text: SILENCE... As everyone waits ... Watches ...
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS TO --
text: -- Matty In The Morning -- The gang at Otto's -- The Carpenter in
text: his wood shop -- Helen Raines, in front of her TV -- The chopper
text: cops -- Paramedics, cops, injured motorists, fire men --
text: Castlebeck and Drycoff... BACK TO
scene_heading: MEMPHIS RAINES AND ELEANOR...
text: Another few beats of silence ... Everyone watching ... He punches
text: the gas... Ripping down to the accident site... Heading straight
dialog: for it ... And we fear he aims to smash the site, maybe further
dialog: injure the accident victims -
dialog: Not our Memphis ... He's heading straight for
speaker_heading: THE RAMP TRUCK
text: parked ass-end toward Long Beach ... Ramp down ... Memphis rockets
text: Eleanor at the ramp truck's ramp... Straight on ... And the ramp
text: LAUNCHES ELEANOR in glorious super-sexy-bloodpumping SLO-MO OVER
text: THE ACCIDENT SITE some thirty feet in the air ... Evel-style ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE DRYCOFF
dialog: You gotta be fucking kidding me --
text: Where she lands in a crippling thud... Onto the EMPTY side of the
text: Long Beach Bridge... Cheers from the gang at Otto's ... The gang
text: at KISS-108 ... Memphis pulls her to a stop... Looks back at the
dialog: scene ...
text: Castlebeck squints ... Trying to see if it's his boy... Memphis
text: switches the radio back on ... Matty has obliged... Wilson
text: Pickett's "Mustang Sallyo ... And Memphis drives over the bridge,
dialog: the only car going northbound... Memphis rides, daddy, rides ...
scene_heading: INT. WOODBURN CONSTRUCTION - FRONT OFFICES - DAY
text: A half-dozen Calitri SOLDIERS are here, answering phones, playing
dialog: cards.
scene_heading: INT. WOODBURN CONSTRUCTION - WORKSHOP
text: The sliding door is open. The CASKET for Kip rests to the side ...
text: Calitri uses a router to make a rabbet along the bottom frame of a
text: plywood gossip bench. He senses something and turns to
scene_heading: THE LOADING DOCK - MEMPHIS
text: has driven up in the smashed-to-shit Eleanor ... He climbs up,
text: entering the workshop... Calitri glances to the wallclock: 7:55
dialog: AM...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Well, well. You've caused quite a ruckus ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: This is number 50. We did it. It's
dialog: over Where's the money ?
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Right there -
text: He gestures to a Haliburton case ... Memphis opens it ... There's
dialog: a lot of cash inside...
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
dialog: 200 K. Just like we said ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You should never have gotten my brother and
dialog: his friends involved ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: But I had to. It was the only way to
dialog: get to you --
text: Memphis looks at him... Calitri smiles ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Well, now, he's clear. And you'll stay away
dialog: from him...
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: I don't know about that, Randall.
dialog: He did such a good job on this paper.
dialog: And another one just came in ...
text: Calitri goes to the FAX machine... Tears off the sheet..
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
dialog: It's an easier take. 30 cars. Two
text: weeks. Most of them SUVs. Going to
dialog: Russia. Think Kip'll be interested?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You don't want to even sniff at that --
text: Calitri grins. But then his smile goes south, as he sees, for the
text: first time -- ELEANOR -- parked out on the loading dock. And she
text: is smashed-to-shit.
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Well, that certainly won't do.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What do you mean -- ?
speaker_heading: CALITRI
dialog: Look at it. I can't very well make
dialog: delivery of that thing ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You got no choice. It's over.
speaker_heading: CALITRI
text: Fifty cars. Fifty cars by 8 AM
text: Friday. Or Kip goes in that box.
dialog: That was the deal ... Goddamn, it ...
dialog: That was the deal ...
text: Memphis is by a TABLE SAW... He flicks it on. The electric MOTOR
text: rumbles, so as to obfuscate, any noise in here ...
speaker_heading: CALITRI (cont'd)
dialog: What are you doing -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Tell you what I'm not doing: I'm not
dialog: gonna let you get into my Kool Aid...
text: And Memphis is on him... They go rolling about in grunts and
text: groans - eddies of sawdust swirling - the NOISE of the table saw
text: drowning out the sounds of combat ...
text: Calitri is on top, grabbing an AWL from the floor, bringing the
text: lethal point down to Memphis' face... Memphis holds Calitri's
text: wrist, straining, the point inches from his eye
text: ANGLE - FLOOR SOCKET - right above Memphis' head. With a last
text: gasp, Memphis misdirects the awl so it STABS THE FLOOR SOCKET - a
text: small CLAP OF VOLTAGE shaking through their bodies, as they sprawl
dialog: akimbo ...
text: Both men are momentarily paralyzed as the electricity sorts itself
text: out inside of them... Calitri is up; and he's found the gun ...
text: He crawls over to Memphis, climbing on him, sitting down hard on
text: the younger man's chest ... But then Memphis grabs him by the hair
text: and tosses Calitri off him ... Memphis POUNDS Calitri's head into
dialog: the floor ...
text: Once, twice. Three times. Calitri is out ... Memphis gets to his
text: feet, nose bloody. He catches his breath. Only the door opens ...
dialog: And Atley is there ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Jesus, man ... What'd you do?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: My version of "take this job and shove
dialog: it..."
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Are you crazy? You throw down with The
dialog: Carpenter? You got a grudge against
dialog: your life?
text: But before Memphis can respond, there are APPROACHING ENGINE
text: SOUNDS from up the alleyway -- as A PANEL VAN arrives. Memphis and
text: Atley look at the wall-clock. 8:05. A glance to the unconscious
dialog: Calitri ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON (cont'd)
dialog: Now you done it. And with you
dialog: gone - who'll save Kip the next
dialog: time ... ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: This is all about there not being
dialog: a next time, Atley --
text: And the two men hold the look... And the van doors slam, as Digger
text: and Butz, Calitri's grave-diggers, get out ... Atley goes to the
text: unconscious Calitri ... And he picks him up, straining under the
text: dead weight ... Dragging the don over to
text: THE OPEN CASKET - One final burst of strength and Atley drops
text: Calitri into the casket... Slamming the swell top lid of the
text: coffin. He turns to look at the shocked Memphis -- As Digger and
dialog: Butz are there -
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Hello, boys -- !
speaker_heading: DIGGER
dialog: Hey! What happened? Did they make it
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
text: They did not. A tragedy.
speaker_heading: DIGGER
dialog: Mr. C. around?
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: He's napping. He said to take it away...
text: Atley gestures to the coffin. And they pick it up, move it to the
dialog: van...
speaker_heading: DIGGER
dialog: That'll do ya. Tell Mr. C. we was by.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Absolutely.
text: And they are gone ... And Atley turns to Memphis
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Ding Dong The Witch Is Dead, right?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Point-five ...
text: And he holds out his hand ... And they shake ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Get outta here, Memphis --
dialog: And Memphis does ... Nods to Atley...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Thank you...
text: Atley nods ... Memphis walks out to the loading dock... Atley
text: watches him go ...
speaker_heading: ATLEY JACKSON
dialog: Hoo-boy.
scene_heading: EXT. CALITRI'S WORKSHOP - LOADING DOCK
text: Memphis walks to the battered Eleanor ... As Pearl Jam's
text: "Rearviewmirror' crunches and a CAR comes motoring up to him. It's
scene_heading: ANOTHER 167 SHELBY. ANOTHER ELEANOR, a "For Sale" sign pasted on
text: the back window. It's being driven by Kip...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: KIP
text: I saw her get smashed-up on the TV.
dialog: Knew there was no way he was gonna
dialog: accept her ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Where'd you find this one?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Ya gotta keep tabs on your "Eleanors",
dialog: Memphis. Cos you never know when
dialog: you're gonna need one --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You boost her -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hell, yeah. She's not my unicorn.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Move over ...
text: Kip does. Memphis gets behind the wheel. Drives...
scene_heading: EXT. LONG BEACH BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Memphis drives... Kip beside him...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You okay -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I dunno ... I keep thinking about
dialog: him.
text: Memphis nods. But then FLASHING LIGHTS behind them ... An UNMARKED
dialog: with Code 3 capabilities - lights &amp; sirens ... Memphis considers
dialog: ... He could make another run ... But the looks at Kip... Enough
text: is enough ... He pulls over ...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: What are you doing? You can outrun
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
text: It's over. The dumb shit is over ...
text: The unmarked pulls up behind him... The cop comes over ... It is,
dialog: of course, Detective Castlebeck.
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: I know you.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You know my back.
text: Castlebeck opens his coat... Showing stuffed holster ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: It's finished, Randall. Get out of
dialog: the car... You, too, kid...
text: Memphis starts to get out. When Castleback's RADIO crackles.
speaker_heading: RADIO (O.S.)
dialog: We have suspect vehicle matching description
text: at the Woodburn Scrap and Metal ... Repeat:
dialog: the suspect vehicle has just been
text: apprehended at the Woodburn Scrap and Metal,
dialog: 190 Street and Campanza ...
text: Castlebeck frowns, goes to his radio. Memphis looks at Kip.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I reported it ...
dialog: Memphis is impressed...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Not bad
text: ANGLE - CASTLEBECK at his car, on the radio ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: Dispatch, what's the license on
dialog: the suspect vehicle... ?
speaker_heading: RADIO (O.S.)
dialog: License is California 6-1-4 HSO. Repeat:
dialog: California. 6-1-4 Henry Sam Ocean.
text: And Castlebeck looks at the license on this Eleanor... A vanity
dialog: plate that says - MY 67 ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: 10-4.
dialog: And he goes back over to Memphis ...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK (cont'd)
dialog: Looks like we live to fight another
dialog: round. You're free to go ...
text: Memphis can barely believe it. Castlebeck leans down, to Kip:
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK (cont'd)
dialog: Your brother's a clever man and a
dialog: talented thief, Kipling. But as role
dialog: models go, you should observe the man,
dialog: not the thief ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Yes, sir ...
text: Castlebeck sighs...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Don't look so glum, Detective. It's a
text: beautiful day, the birds are singing,
dialog: and there's a container ship on
dialog: Pier 14, that's guaranteed to bring you glee ...
text: Castlebeck nods ...
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: I want you gone, Randall. Settle your
dialog: affairs. Make it right with those you
dialog: love. Hell, take 'em with you. But I
dialog: want you out of here. Out of here for
dialog: good this time ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Consider me gone, Detective --
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: I'll catch you later, Randall --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Double-meaning intended --
scene_heading: DETECTIVE CASTLEBECK
dialog: You betcha --
text: And Memphis races off ...
scene_heading: EXT. OTTO'S SALVAGE - DAY
text: Otto, The Sphinx, Tumbler, Freb and Mirror Man are sipping coffee
text: and eating donuts ... They are exhausted... Memphis and Kip pull
text: up in Eleanor... He hands Otto the briefcase. Otto opens it... All
dialog: that cash...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Split it up. Any word on Donny?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: He's gonna be okay. Could do a bit.
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What happened to Sway?
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: She left...
text: He nods ... The boys are huddled together...
speaker_heading: MIRROR MAN
dialog: Poor Toby, man...
text: A few beats of silence as they remember; then shockingly:
speaker_heading: THE SPHINX
dialog: If his premature demise has, in some way,
dialog: enlightened the rest of you as to the
text: grim finish below the glossy veneer of
dialog: criminal life, and inspired you to change
dialog: your ways, then his death carries with it
dialog: an inherent nobility. And a supreme
dialog: glory. We should all be so fortunate.
dialog: You can say 'Poor Toby." I say: "Poor us.."
text: They all stare at him, stunned...
speaker_heading: FREB
dialog: You spoke
text: The Sphinx shrugs...
speaker_heading: TUMBLER
dialog: Say something else, man
text: But The Sphinx lapses back into his silence ... Nibbles a donut
text: ... Sips coffee ... Memphis smiles ... He takes a stack of bills
dialog: from the briefcase... To Kip:
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You remember where you got this
dialog: Eleanor -- ?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Sure, man --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: She's for sale. They're asking forty thousand.
dialog: Give 'em sixty ...
text: And he hands Kip the cash ...
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: You want me to buy her?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Shocking, huh? We're clear now. It's done.
dialog: I've never actually paid for a car. I want
dialog: to see what it feels like
text: Kip nods ... Memphis looks at a grinning Otto ...
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Dinosaurs. All of us. The Ice Age is
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I'll see you soon --
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Where you off to -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Thought I'd go for a ride -
text: He smiles. The others do, too. Memphis heads for Eleanor.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hey, Memphis -- ?
text: Memphis turns back...
speaker_heading: KIP (cont'd)
dialog: I'll see you, right?
text: Memphis nods ...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: You'll see me ...
text: And we PRE-LAP Sammy John's "Chevy Van" and CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BACCHIOCHI'S FOREIGN MOTORS - DAY
text: Sway, underneath a Daytona... We only see her from the waist down
text: ... Hands on her waist ... Pulls her gently out. Memphis. He
text: brings her to her feet ...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: What are you doing... ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Seeing if you wanted to go for a ride?
text: And he uses a rag to tenderly wipe a small black smear of oil from
dialog: her cheek...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: I can't. I got a back load of repairs
dialog: and one of the mechanics called in
dialog: sick and I haven't slept and--
text: (stops short; sees the new Eleanor
dialog: outside)
dialog: Where to -- ?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: I dunno. I know a place.
text: She looks at him... Long and hard...
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: This time it's for real?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Oh, yeah. For real, point-five.
scene_heading: EXT. BACCHIOCHI'S - DAY
text: And Memphis opens the passenger door for her ... And she gets
text: in... And she smiles ... And Memphis climbs behind the wheel. He
text: neutral-drops Eleanor, chirping off ...
scene_heading: EXT. CONTAINER SHIP - LONG BEACH HARBOR - DAY
text: As two TUGS guide the giant freighter away from the docks ... All
text: those containers ... Filled with cars ... But here comes a COAST
text: GUARD CUTTER ... Churning for the ship ...
text: Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff on the deck ... Stopping this
dialog: one cold...
scene_heading: EXT. LANDFILL - RHODE ISLAND - DAY
text: A vast expanse of trash and garbage and layers of earth. Deserted,
text: except for THE PANEL VAN parked dead center. Digger and Butz slide
text: the casket from the van, parked before an ALREADY DUG GRAVE.
text: As they move the casket, a KNOCKING from inside. A POUNDING. And
text: muffled CRIES. Digger and Butz exchange a horrified glance... They
text: stare at the casket, spooked.
speaker_heading: BUTZ
dialog: Do you believe this?
speaker_heading: DIGGER
dialog: What should we do?
speaker_heading: BUTZ
dialog: We gotta do what we gotta do --
speaker_heading: DIGGER
dialog: Shit. I hate the screamers, man. Why
dialog: can't he finish the freakin' job?
speaker_heading: BUTZ
dialog: Forget about it. Occupational hazard,
dialog: Digger. C'mon...
dialog: And just as we think they're sure to open it -- they DROP THE
text: CASKET INTO THE HOLE -- !
text: And begin to dump shovelfuls of earth upon it; its unseen occupant
text: thumping and pounding and yelling -- And soon the casket is
text: covered in dirt. Gone.
dialog: And we PRE-LAP The Turtles' pop gem "Eleanor" ("You got a thing
dialog: about you/I just can't live without you/I really want
dialog: you/ Eleanor near me...") CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE 405 FREEWAY NORTH - ELEANOR - MOVING - DAY
text: Memphis driving. Sway riding shotgun. Long Beach at their backs
text: ... Memphis looks quite enthralled behind the wheel... He loves
text: driving this car. Sway watches him. He feels it --
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: What -- ?
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: Nothing. Just that if I was less
dialog: secure, I might think you were more
dialog: into Eleanor than you are me...
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: She does have one thing you don't.
speaker_heading: SWAY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS
dialog: Bench seats.
text: And he grins ... Pats the seat beside him... And Sway slides
text: close... He throws his arm around her ...
dialog: And off they go ... As The Turtles' ("Eleanor/Gee, I think you're
dialog: swell/And you really do me well/You're my pride and joy, etc.")
text: SING ON... And we hear:
speaker_heading: MEMPHIS (O.S.)
dialog: You like bingo -- ?
text: And Eleanor drives away from us ... Into the searing horizon line
text: ... Becoming just another single, yellow dot in the pointillist
dialog: pattern that is the American road.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
