scene_heading: GOOD LUCK CHUCK
dialog: by
dialog: Josh Stolberg
speaker_heading: NUMBERED
dialog: Sixth Draft by
dialog: Josh Stolberg
dialog: (July 21, 2005)
text: Foreigner's "Feels like the First Time" serenades us, as
dialog: WE...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOME - LE MESA, SAN DIEGO - DUSK 1
dialog: SUPER: “1981”
text: Two eager and anxious 10-year-olds make their way up the path
text: to the front steps. Meet skinny CHARLIE KAGAN, and his best
text: friend, the portly STU KLAMINSKY.
text: They each carry gifts. Charlie’s present is meticulously
text: wrapped with bow and ribbon... Stu’s is cobbled together with
text: newspaper and duct tape.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Seven minutes in heaven! What
dialog: could be better than seven minutes
dialog: in heaven?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Eight minutes in heaven?
dialog: (off Stu’s look)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Try not to embarrass me, okay?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: (grabs his friend’s arm)
dialog: Wait, Stuey, run it by me again...
dialog: (cramming)
text: Second base is boob. Inside or
dialog: outside the shirt?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Inside, man. And third base is
dialog: finger!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Finger?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Or thumb.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I should have written this down.
dialog: (head spinning)
dialog: Boob, finger, thumb... so, what the
dialog: heck is first base?
speaker_heading: STU
text: Kissing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So I’ve gone to first base with my
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: STU
text: Tongue kissing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, okay, got it. And a home run?
text: (Stu gives him a look)
dialog: Duh, I know what a home run is.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Anything else I need to know?
speaker_heading: sTU
text: An intentional walk is a kiss on
dialog: the cheek. Rain delay is when
dialog: grown-ups interrupt you in the
dialog: middle of your game. And an inside
text: the park home run is a blowjob.
text: They arrive on the doorstep.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What’s a blowjob?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (without missing a beat as
dialog: he rings the bell)
dialog: I have no idea. But I overheard my
dialog: dad saying that he gets one once a
dialog: year on his birthday so it must be
dialog: good.
text: BRITTA COOKSEY, a prepubescent peach, opens the door.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Happy birthday, Britta.
speaker_heading: BRITTA
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Hi, Charlie.
dialog: (flat)
dialog: stu.
dialog: (sultry smile)
dialog: c’mon, party’s downstairs... in the
dialog: basement.
text: She winks conspiratorially. Off Charlie and Stu’s look...
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - A LITTLE LATER 2
text: OLIVIA NEWTON-JOHN moans the lyrics to “Physical” as we go
text: CLOSE ON A SPINNING BOTTLE.
text: PULL OUT as the bottle slows and comes to a stop, pointing to
text: a little blonde pixie named JENNIFER. Stu throws up his
text: hands in triumph! The PARTY-GOERS shriek with glee.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You. Me. Closet. Seven minutes.
dialog: Heaven.
text: Jennifer looks like she just received a death sentence. As
text: she and Stu walk toward the closet, we catch Charlie eyeing
text: the birthday girl in rhapsody.
text: He awkwardly smiles at her. We RACK-FOCUS to discover
text: another little girl catching the look. She’s a GOTH GIRL
text: outcast and hasn’t taken her eyes off Charlie all evening.
text: She just STARES while fingering a Wicca-style pentagram
text: necklace that hangs around her neck. It’s a little creepy.
text: A couple of the school-kids snicker and LOCK Stu and Jennifer
text: inside the closet.
scene_heading: INT. OVERSIZED CLOSET - CONTINUOUS 3
text: Stu starts to saunter over to Jennifer, attempting his best
text: James Dean (but coming off more like Porky Pig).
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Stop.
dialog: (opening the negotiation)
dialog: Okay, I’1l tell everybody we kissed
dialog: if you stand on that side of the
dialog: closet and don’t touch me.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Deal. If you say we did the nasty.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I’ll say you touched my breasts.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Say I touched you “down there”.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I’'1l say you touched me “down
dialog: there”... but over my pants.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Deal. Pleasure doing business with
dialog: you.
text: They both sit on opposite sides of the closet and wait for
dialog: time to expire.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - SIX AND A HALF MINUTES LATER 4
text: CLOSE ON A BOTTLE -- a little hand comes into frame and grabs
dialog: it.
text: PULL BACK to REVEAL that it’s Charlie’s turn to spin. He
text: looks around the circle, zeroing in on Britta.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Wait.
text: Stu pulls Charlie aside and whispers to him.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: Who are you aiming for?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (swooning)
text: The birthday girl.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: You take wind speed into account?
text: Charlie glances up to see the spinning ceiling fan. He nods.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Wind speed, contour of the bottle,
dialog: friction resistance...
dialog: (then)
dialog: How did it go with Jennifer?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Blowjob. I/’11 tell you about it
dialog: later.
text: The boys head back to the circle and Charlie carefully SPINS
text: THE BOTTLE.
text: It turns. And turns. And turns. Slowing as it reaches
text: Britta Cooksey. Yes. Closer. Closer.
text: Nooooooooo!!!!! It just misses her and spins past. And
text: POINTS DIRECTLY at the GOTH GIRL. Charlie smiles
text: uncomfortably. She just STARES...
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - MOMENTS LATER 5
text: We hear the terrifying CLICK of the DOOR LOCKING behind them
text: as Bauhaus’ “Bela Lugosi’s Dead” plays.
text: The Goth Girl stares at Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stop staring. You’re freaking me
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL
dialog: I’m looking at you ‘cause I like
dialog: you, Charlie. It’s okay. C’mon.
dialog: You can do what you want.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's okay. I’m kind of... new at
dialog: this.
dialog: (awkward shrug)
dialog: Rookie.
dialog: (awkward beat)
dialog: That’s a baseball term.
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL
dialog: (abrupt)
dialog: Let me see your penis.
text: Charlie starts to stumble back as Goth Girl approaches.
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL (cont'd)
dialog: What’s the matter? Don’t you want
dialog: me?
text: She PULLS OFF HER SHIRT, revealing a LEATHER TRAINING BRA.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Oh, my God!
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSET - CONTINUOUS 6
text: Outside the door, the kids listen with amusement.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: That was quick...
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - CONTINUOUS 7
text: Goth Girl is all over him now. Kissing him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wait, I can’t breathe.
text: He pushes her off. BLACK LIPSTICK SMEARED ALL OVER HIS FACE.
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL
dialog: I love you, Charlie. I’ve loved
dialog: you since third grade.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You’re scaring me.
text: Charlie stumbles back. Pulling himself up on clothes hanging
text: in the closet.
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL
dialog: So you like to play hard to get?
text: She rips his shirt open.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Back off!
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL
dialog: I read in my Mom’s Cosmo... this is
dialog: supposed to increase pleasure...
text: She pounces, her FINGERNAILS scrape down his chest. He
text: SCREAMS in pain, trying to crawl from under her.
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t worry, this is my first time,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: First time what? Killing?
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL
dialog: No, silly. Making love. Now
dialog: relax.
text: She awkwardly TWISTS HIS NIPPLES. Charlie screams.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ow! You freak!!
text: He bucks her off him and RUNS at the closet door, BREAKING
text: THROUGH THE SHUTTERED PANELS.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSET - CONTINUOUS 8
text: Charlie falls to the ground, surrounded by kids looking on in
text: shocked amusement.
text: The Goth Girl steps out and angrily glares at him.
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL
dialog: Charlie Kagan, you are not my
dialog: boyfriend anymore.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: We interrupt this news report to
dialog: bring you the following information
dialog: -- no duhi
text: Goth Girl stands above Charlie, who struggles to stand.
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL
dialog: I hex you!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You what?
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL
dialog: I hex you. You will never be
dialog: happy!
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Right on. Turn him into a toad!
text: The Goth Girl spins on Charlie, possessed. She spits a curse
text: at him.
speaker_heading: GOTH GIRL
dialog: (possessed)
dialog: Around you love will fall like
dialog: rain, but you shan't hold it - your
dialog: heart will pain. Once the girl has
dialog: been with you, to the next she will
dialog: be true.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Is that Phil Collins?
text: Charlie is finally standing, but Goth Girl PUSHES HIM BACK
text: INTO THE CLOSET AGAIN AND EXITS.
text: STORAGE BOXES rain on top of Charlie. Stu rushes into the
text: closet and looks down at the still-terrified Charlie.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: What happened? Did you thumb her?
dialog: off Charlie’s scarred-for-life look, we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAN DIEGO BEACH - NIGHT 9
text: The ocean water shimmers in the moonlight. Two lovers kiss
text: passionately by the shore.
dialog: SUPER: “Present”
text: REVEAL CHARLIE (now 30s) and CAROL, his current girlfriend.
text: Charlie has a boyish charm and an infectious grin. He’s the
dialog: kind of friend who would donate his liver so you could have
dialog: another drink.
text: Charlie pulls up for air.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're amazing.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: (mischievous )
dialog: Now, Charlie... are you just trying
dialog: to get me into bed?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Forget bed. I’m trying to get you
dialog: into sand.
text: She leans back and pulls him down onto the wet beach.
text: Clothes are torn off. Both are completely naked. It’s the
text: NC-17 version of “From Here to Eternity”.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Um... this is a public beach.
text: Carol disappears below frame. Charlie moans.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Oh, my God... Carol.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I love you.
text: Charlie is silent. She repeats it, in case he didn’t hear.
speaker_heading: CAROL (cont'd)
dialog: I love you.
text: Charlie doesn’t respond. Carol surfaces.
speaker_heading: CAROL (cont'd)
dialog: I love you, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's... nice.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: That's “nice”?! I’m licking sand
dialog: off your balls and you say, “that’s
dialog: nice”?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, I said “Oh, my God” about that.
dialog: Believe me, it was a very
dialog: enthusiastic “Oh, my God”.
text: Carol stands up and grabs her clothes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: I love... that you love me.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: That’s pathetic.
text: Carol starts to walk away. Charlie covers his groin with his
text: shirt and chases her down the beach.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wait, I feel very strongly for you.
text: She keeps walking, faster now. He stumbles behind.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: I’m sorry, I just don’t think the
dialog: “L” word should be thrown around
dialog: casually, that’s all.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: The “L” word. What are you, eight?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: “Love.” Okay, “love.” It
dialog: shouldn’t be bandied about.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: How about the “F” word? And the
dialog: “U" word?
text: Without looking back, she walks away down the beach.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 10.
text: Defeated, Charlie walks back to the spot where they
text: undressed.
text: He looks for his pants -- but they have WASHED AWAY in the
dialog: waves.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER 10
dialog: 
text: A soaking wet Charlie, still holding his shirt over himself,
text: approaches his car in the empty parking lot.
dialog: LOCKED! Damn.
text: As he plays with the door, a SIREN WHIRS and LIGHTS FLASH. A
text: police car stops in front of him. A BUTCH FEMALE POLICE
text: OFFICER gets out of the car and calls to him over the
text: loudspeaker.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER (LOUDSPEAKER)
dialog: Put your hands up where I can see
dialog: them.
text: Charlie awkwardly starts to raise his hands (and the shirt
dialog: covering himself).
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER (lOUDSPEAKER) (cont'd)
dialog: Down! Put your hands back down!
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING LOBBY - DAY 11
text: Charlie and STU (now 30s) grab drinks from a coffee cart by
text: the pharmacy of Charlie’s building.
text: Stu has become a plastic surgeon. He was a nerd as a kid,
dialog: and success has now made Stu a nerd with too much money.
text: He has a little dried blood on his jacket.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You going to Katie’s wedding next
dialog: week?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Do bridesmaids give head in the
dialog: coat room? Do you know how easy it
dialog: is to score at a wedding?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Have you ever scored at a wedding?
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I’m pacing myself.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hey, is it weird that you were
dialog: dating Katie six months ago and now
dialog: she’s marrying a doctor.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'ma doctor.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: He’s a heart surgeon; you’re a
dialog: dentist. It’s like saying General
dialog: Patton and Colonel Mustard are both
dialog: military men.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm thinking that this might be the
dialog: last conversation we ever have. So
dialog: if there’s anything you want to
dialog: tell me, now is definitely the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Your mother sucks a mean cock.
dialog: (without missing a beat)
dialog: You going to the wedding with
dialog: Carol?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nah. We broke up three weeks ago.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Why didn’t you tell me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I did. Three times.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: She was so into you, man.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, I just-- I don’t know what’s
dialog: wrong with me. I want love. I
dialog: want to fall in love, but...
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Chuck, love is not a four letter
dialog: word.
dialog: 12
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Actually, it is.
dialog: (changing the subject; re:
dialog: Stu’s clothes)
dialog: Why are you always spackled in
dialog: blood?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Hey, breast reconstruction is a
dialog: messy job.
text: THEY STEP INTO THE ELEVATOR to head up to their offices.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (thoughtful)
dialog: Does seeing breasts every day...
dialog: you know...
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: That's disgusting. I’1l have you
dialog: know that I’m a professional.
text: A beat. Then, unable to hold it, STU LAUGHS LOUDLY.
text: The doors close on him laughing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - OFFICE BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER 12
text: They get out of the elevator and move to their separate
text: offices. Stu’s sign reads: “DR. STUART KLAMINSKY --
scene_heading: RECONSTRUCTIVE SURGERY”. Charlie’s reads: “DR. CHARLES
text: KAGAN; DDS”. The two best friends are literally across the
text: hallway from each other.
text: A GIGANTICALLY BUXOM BLONDE approaches Stu’s office.
speaker_heading: BUXOM BLONDE
dialog: Hi, Dr. Stu.
text: She disappears inside.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (sly whisper)
text: I’ve jerked off to her X-rays.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I hope you find the time to write
dialog: to me from Hell.
text: Just then, a LARGE BLACK WOMAN (imagine if Queen Latifah ate
text: Oprah) opens Charlie’s door from the inside. This is REBA,
dialog: his office manager/secretary.
dialog: 13
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: Dr. Charlie, you’re five minutes
dialog: late. You’ve got four fillings,
dialog: three cleanings, two crowns, and a
dialog: canal. You've got too many
dialog: patients and I’ve got too little
dialog: patience for you to be gabbing
dialog: gossip with Dr. Boobjobs in the
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Hi, Reba, nice to see you.
text: Reba doesn’t acknowledge him. She starts back in, but
text: suddenly spins on Stu.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: Were you just looking at my tits?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: What? No.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: Because I am more than happy with
dialog: what the Lord Almighty gave me.
dialog: And if you don’t want me to squash
dialog: you like the bug that you are--
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: (actually scared)
dialog: I promise. I wasn’t looking at--
text: Reba holds up a finger, silencing him. Temporarily
text: satisfied, she walks back in the office, dragging Charlie
text: back inside with her.
scene_heading: INT. EXAM ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 13
text: Charlie washes his hands as his DENTAL INTERN hovers over a
text: beautiful patient, TRACEY, with the suction.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hi, I’m Charlie.
text: Tracey gurgles a greeting. Charlie rolls over in his chair
text: and gently adjusts his assistant’s technique.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: Easy with the suction there. We
text: want saliva, not her spleen.
text: Charlie smiles warmly down at Tracey and takes over.
dialog: 14
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: So, you lost a cap?
speaker_heading: TRACEY
text: Chewing ice.
dialog: (boldly flirty)
dialog: My shrink says I have an oral
dialog: fixation.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (amiably evasive)
dialog: My shrink says I need to stop
dialog: dating my patients.
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: Sounds like we both need to fire
dialog: our shrinks.
dialog: off her suggestive smile, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRACEY’S APARTMENT - MORNING 14
text: Charlie and Tracey are in the throws of a sweaty and
text: deafening love-making session. She is yelling so loudly that
text: it’s becoming embarrassing. Charlie tries to inconspicuously
text: cover his ears with his pillow. A car alarm goes off outside.
text: Finally, the locomotive reaches the station and the two are
text: silent in bed for a few moments.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: My ears are ringing.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: I’ve been dishonest with you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You faked it?
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: Yes, but that’s not what I’m
dialog: talking about.
text: Charlie sits up. “Huh?”
speaker_heading: TRACEY (cont'd)
dialog: I sought you out. Last week.
dialog: (off his confused look)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: TRACEY (cont’d)
dialog: I work at the hospital and you
dialog: dated two of my friends. Amy from
text: Radiology and Penny from Trauma.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I didn’t realize that they were
dialog: such big fans. Well, I hope we
dialog: last longer than I did with them.
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: Yeah, about that... I’m afraid this
dialog: is it.
text: Charlie takes this in. He is genuinely hurt.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wow... I must really suck.
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: No, you were good. Really.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is that why you faked it?
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: Sorry. Force of habit. Unlucky in
dialog: love, I guess.
dialog: (off his doe-eyed face)
dialog: You want to give it another shot?
text: Charlie, still taken aback, offers up a dispirited shrug.
text: She kisses and gently snuggles into him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So... how are the girls?
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: Married.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Both of them?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: I dated Penny like last year.
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: She met some Prince while
text: vacationing in Cabo.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Jeez, feels like everybody is
dialog: getting married.
dialog: (suddenly panicked)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 15
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: You’re still my date for the
dialog: wedding, aren’t you? I really
dialog: don’t want to show up at my old
text: girlfriend's wedding flying solo.
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: (playful nod)
dialog: But only because I broke your
dialog: heart.
text: He smiles, partially placated.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (trying to gain face)
dialog: I think it’s only fair to let you
dialog: know... I faked it, too.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY CLUB - A LITTLE LATER 15
text: The reception is in full swing. Drinking, dancing, eating.
text: An EIGHTY-YEAR-OLD WOMAN finishes off a gut-wrenchingly
text: horrific rendition of “Oops, I Did it Again” before the
text: cheesy D.J. cuts her off.
dialog: D.Jd.
dialog: Thank you, Grandma Loretta. Up
dialog: next we have Uncle Murray singing
dialog: “Darling Nikki”.
text: Yes... it is a KARAOKE WEDDING -- God help us all!
text: In the far corner (furthest from the speakers), Stu hovers
text: next to Charlie.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Listen, you’re my wing-man. If the
dialog: blonde asks, I’m a multi-
dialog: billionaire who invented ketchup.
dialog: If it’s the redhead, I wrote “We
dialog: Are the World”. And if it’s that
dialog: cheerleader hottie, my penis is in
dialog: the Guinness Book of World Records.
dialog: Girth, not length... I want it to
text: sound believable.
text: Charlie nods without listening. He’s too busy watching
text: Tracey chat it up with the BEST MAN.
text: A BEAUTY in a bridesmaid dress walks by. Stu smiles.
speaker_heading: STU (cont’d)
dialog: Batter up!
dialog: 17.
text: He follows her off, as the bride, KATIE, sidles up next to
dialog: Charlie.
text: She kisses him on the cheek as Uncle Murray grinds
text: the stage floor.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You look great.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: So do you.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Seeing anyone?
text: Charlie points toward Tracey in the corner.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We're getting serious.
text: Katie looks over just as Tracey inhales the Best Man’s
dialog: tongue.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: (backpedaling)
dialog: And at the same time, we try to
dialog: give each other our space.
text: Katie looks at Charlie, sadly.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I worry about you sometimes, Chuck.
dialog: Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's probably best. White makes my
text: calves look thick.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (touching his hand)
dialog: Joke all you want. “The door to
dialog: the human heart can only be opened
dialog: from the inside.”
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Dorky, definitely. But also true.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How about “It’s better to have
dialog: loved and lost than never to have
dialog: loved at all.”
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I’1l buy that when you can honestly
dialog: told me that you have loved.
dialog: 16
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (nods )
dialog: Touche’.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I just want to see you happy,
text: Chuckles.
text: ON STAGE -- Uncle Murray throws out his hip. As he’s helped
text: off the stage, the D.J. amps up the crowd.
dialog: D.d.
dialog: Attention Hot Mamas! If we could
dialog: have all the single ladies out on
text: the dance floor for the tossing of
text: the bride’s bouquet.
text: Charlie watches on, amused. He notices that his Tracey is
text: still in the far corner, flirting with the Best Man. He
text: looks a little hurt.
text: A DRUM-ROLL starts as Katie teases all the single ladies with
text: the bouquet.
speaker_heading: D.J. (cont’d)
dialog: And the next lucky lady is...
text: Katie throws the bouquet high in the air.
text: A few of kids jump for them -- the flailing hands KNOCKING
text: THE FLOWERS BACK INTO THE AIR. The bouquet flies up and hits
text: a revolving fan in the ceiling, shooting the bundle DIRECTLY
text: INTO THE HANDS OF TRACEY. Surprised, she holds them up.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY CLUB - RECEPTION - A LITTLE LATER 16
dialog: 
text: The party has calmed and dinner is almost digested. Charlie
text: sits at a table with several PRETTY, SINGLE GIRLS. A couple
text: of chairs are vacant -- including the one for his date, who
text: is nowhere to be found.
text: ON STAGE -- an eight-year-old FLOWER GIRL sings “Brick House”
text: in the key of “Q”.
text: Charlie and one of the women are in mid-conversation.
speaker_heading: PRETTY GIRL #3
dialog: I’d rather have a twelve-hour
dialog: colonoscopy than get my teeth
dialog: cleaned. I hate dentists.
dialog: 19.
text: Charlie attempts his best friendly smile. At the other end
text: of the room (and not a minute too soon), there is a CLINK OF
text: GLASS -- all eyes look to the head table.
text: Katie STANDS and addresses her friends and family.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I just want to thank everybody for
dialog: coming to share this day with us.
dialog: (looking to her husband)
dialog: Hans, you make my heart soar. I
dialog: couldn’t imagine being happier than
dialog: I am right now.
text: A GROOMSMAN calls out from the table...
speaker_heading: GROOMSMAN
dialog: Wait till tonight, sweetheart.
text: The crowd chuckles. Katie raises her glass.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I know it’s a little unorthodox but
dialog: I'd also like to propose a toast.
dialog: To Charlie Kagan.
text: Charlie is surprised to hear his name called. Katie winks at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: KATIE (cont’d)
dialog: Thank you, Charlie, for being my
dialog: lucky charm.
text: There is a confused smattering of applause as everyone
dialog: drinks: “To Charlie”.
text: Charlie doesn’t drink, trying to figure out what the hell
text: she’s talking about. One of the girls at his table looks at
text: him with interest.
speaker_heading: PRETTY GIRL #2
dialog: You’re that Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What Charlie?
speaker_heading: PRETTY GIRL #2
dialog: (covering)
dialog: That Charlie that’s a... dentist.
text: Charlie gives her a “huh” look. WE SEE Pretty Girl #2
text: whispering to #3. In response, she CHORTLES out loud.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: PRETTY GIRL #3
dialog: Yeah, right! What-ever.
text: Charlie gives them all a look -- something is weird.
text: SUDDENLY, directly behind Charlie, A BUSBOY and A GUEST
text: collide. CRASH! A flying wine bottle almost decapitates
dialog: him.
text: Charlie looks up to find CAMERON WEXLER -- perky, cute and a
text: klutz in the most adorable sense. She now wears a fair
text: amount of RED WINE on her WHITE JACKET.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: (without missing a beat)
dialog: Table five?
text: Charlie nods and offers her his napkin to dry her jacket.
text: Cameron embarrassingly mouths “thank you” and sits.
speaker_heading: CAMERON (cont'd)
dialog: (to Charlie; touch of
dialog: irony)
dialog: So, did I miss anything?
text: As she hears the answer, she busies herself by crossing out
text: the “ERON” on her table name card.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let’s see: to have and to hold,
dialog: love, respect, I do, I do, you may
dialog: kiss the bride, chicken or fish,
text: the first dance to a rendition of
dialog: “I Will Always Love You” that was
dialog: just plain wrong, white cake,
dialog: raspberry filling, champagne,
dialog: and... that’s about it.
text: Cam turns and accidentally knocks her fork on the floor. She
text: picks it up and blows on it, dusting it off.
text: The Karaoke kicks in again making it almost impossible to
text: hear the rest of the table. But they don’t seem to mind.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I’m Cam. I went to college with
dialog: the bride.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Charlie. Used to date the bride.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Me, too.
dialog: (the table blanches)
dialog: Well, it was a one-time only
dialog: experimental thing in college. And
text: the experiment went horribly awry.
dialog: (a sip of champagne)
dialog: We couldn't stop giggling.
text: Cam looks Charlie over.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ’d)
dialog: You're not really her type.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I was thinking the same about you.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Oh, the lesbian thing didn’t take.
dialog: Now I only giggle with boys.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You gonna eat that?
text: Charlie shakes his head and pushes his untouched piece of
text: wedding cake toward her.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So, who are you here with?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: No one.
dialog: (mock offense)
dialog: What are you trying to say?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Please, my date went home with the
dialog: best man.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I run the penguin habitat at Sea
dialog: World.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Seriously?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: No. I’m a serial killer and my
dialog: M.O. is that I kill people with my
dialog: kung-fu grip.
dialog: (off Charlie’s smile)
dialog: What do you do?
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Dentist. Not quite as intriguing
dialog: as “serial killer”.
text: He deftly slides her his card.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (off the card)
dialog: Well, at least you get these. We
dialog: homicidal maniacs don’t usually
dialog: carry business cards.
text: She finishes off the last bite of his cake, then reaches for
text: Tracey’s uneaten slice. As she leans over, she accidentally
text: DUMPS a LARGE BOWL OF WATER FILLED WITH FLOATING CANDLES into
text: Charlie's lap. He JUMPS BACK, in PAIN from the liquid wax.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (jumping around)
dialog: Ahhh. Hot. Cold. Hot. Cold.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I am SO sorry.
text: Thoroughly embarrassed, Cam helps Charlie clean up the mess.
text: They both sit down -- Charlie squishing into his chair.
text: Awkward moment. A little smile comes over Cam’s face.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ‘d)
dialog: The way you just reacted to that...
dialog: it totally reminded me of someone.
dialog: (searching her mind)
dialog: I can’t place it. It’s right there
text: on the tip of my tongue.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Oh, yeah, now I remember...
dialog: (off his skeptical look)
text: -..a six-year-old girl.
text: Charlie nods a “thank you”, taking the dig like a man. Stu
text: walks right over to Cam, cockily grinning from ear to ear.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Well, here I am... what are your
dialog: other two wishes?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (awkward aside)
dialog: Um... If you hadn’t noticed, I was
text: in the middle of flirting with Ms.
dialog: Wexler.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: If you hadn’t noticed, she dumped a
dialog: centerpiece in your lap. Take the
dialog: hint.
dialog: (turning to Cam)
dialog: Hi, I’m Dr. Stuart Klaminsky. But
dialog: you can call me Dr. Stu.
dialog: (seeing her wine stain)
dialog: You know, club soda and salt will
dialog: get that out.
text: Charlie continues the introduction...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Cam, Stu. Stu, Cam.
dialog: (to Cam)
dialog: Stu knows about stains because he’s
text: always covered in blood.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You a serial killer, too?
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Reconstructive surgeon.
dialog: (false modesty)
dialog: If someone has an accident or was
dialog: born with a deformity, I’m there to
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And by deformity, he means “small
dialog: breasts”.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (to Cam)
text: He’s jealous because he cleans
dialog: plaque all day while I’m making the
dialog: world a better place.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Because God knows, what this world
text: needs is another stripper with
text: boobs bigger than her head.
dialog: (turning to Cam)
dialog: Would you like to dance?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (teasing; re: Stu)
dialog: It looks like your dance card is
text: already full.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe later?
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Sorry. It was nice meeting you...
dialog: both.
text: Cam waves to a good-looking man at another table and makes a
text: quick exit. Charlie turns on Stu with a “what the hell is
text: wrong with you” look. But he ignores it, looking up at the
text: other women at the table.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Hey, are you ladies familiar with
dialog: the Guinness Book of World Records?
text: The cheesy KARAOKE SONG being sung on stage cross-—dissolves
text: into a cheesy elevator MUSAK rendition, as we...
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. DENTAL OFFICE LOBBY - THE NEXT DAY 17
text: Charlie strides into work. As he ENTERS his lobby, he sees a
text: dozen or so women waiting.
text: UPON CLOSER INSPECTION he notices that two of them are from
dialog: his wedding table. What the hell?!?
speaker_heading: PRETTY GIRL #1
dialog: Good morning, Doctor. I think I
dialog: have a cavity.
text: Pretty Girl #2 shrugs, “Me, too.”
text: As he walks slowly toward his office, we see that many more
text: of the women are vaguely familiar -- most were guests at the
dialog: wedding.
scene_heading: INT. STU’S OFFICE - LATER 18
text: Charlie enters Stu’s waiting room and approaches the desk.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hi, Sharon. I need to see Stu
dialog: right away!
text: FROM THE BACK, we hear Stu...
speaker_heading: STU (0.S.)
dialog: Yo, Chuck. Come back here for a
dialog: sec.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 25.
text: Charlie heads toward the examination room. As we follow him,
text: we see a quick glimpse of MICKEY ROURKE in the waiting room.
scene_heading: INT. EXAM ROOM - CONTINUOUS 19
text: Charlie walks into a room with Stu and a TOPLESS BLONDE WITH
scene_heading: GIGANTIC FAKE BREASTS.
text: Charlie starts to step out of the room.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sorry. I...
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Wait-wait. We need you. Charlie,
dialog: this is Pleasure.
text: Charlie tries to avert his eyes while shaking her hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: PLEASURE
dialog: The pleasure’s all mine.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Get it? The “pleasure” is all
dialog: mine. My name is Pleasure.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (lost for words)
dialog: It’s very... clever.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: We're looking for a second opinion.
dialog: What do you think? Are they even?
text: Embarrassed, Charlie looks over at the mammoth mammaries.
text: They are obscenely large... but even.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - LATER 20
text: Walk-and-talk through the streets of San Diego’s historic Gas
text: Light District. Stu and Charlie munch on hot-dogs.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (confused)
dialog: So you knew they were even?
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Of course they were even -- I did
dialog: ‘em. I just wanted you to see ‘em
text: without buying a lap dance.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How did you get a license to
dialog: practice medicine?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (playing along)
dialog: “License”? What do you mean? You
dialog: need a license?
text: Charlie moves toward Stu conspiratorially.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Listen... Have you noticed anything
dialog: different about me?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Other than your aversion to women’s
dialog: breasts?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t have a... No, I just...
dialog: women seem to be coming onto me...
text: in an unusual way.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Well, somebody’s had a full cup of
dialog: himself today.
text: Stu looks over Charlie’s shoulder to see CAROL STANDING IN A
text: SHOP, WEARING A WEDDING GOWN! She sees the gawking twosome
text: and steps outside to greet them.
text: She looks much happier than she did while she was ditching
text: Charlie on the beach.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Charlie. Stuart.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Carol?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (re: wedding dress)
dialog: Are those back in season again?
text: Carol holds out her hand to display a MASSIVE ENGAGEMENT
text: RING. Charlie stares at Carol, confused.
dialog: 21
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're getting married?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: We broke up like a month ago.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: His name is Renaldo. We just
dialog: clicked. What can I say?
dialog: (she smiles at him)
dialog: I guess you are a lucky charm.
text: We go CLOSE ON Charlie as he gets a look of confusion...
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S PACIFIC BEACH HOUSE - EVENING 21
text: Charlie walks in the door from work, throws his white coat
text: over a chair and walks to his answering machine.
text: He presses the button.
scene_heading: COMPUTER ANSWERING MACHINE
dialog: You have fourteen new messages.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Message one...
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (ON MACHINE)
dialog: Hey Charlie, my name is Randi
dialog: Berenfeld. You don’t know me, but
dialog: I got your number from Amy in
dialog: Radiology. I was wondering if we
dialog: could meet for drinks one of these
dialog: nights.
text: Charlie presses the button, skipping ahead.
scene_heading: WOMAN’S VOICE (ON MACHINE) (cont'd)
dialog: Hi Charlie, my name is Sheila. I
dialog: was wondering if you were free...
dialog: (presses button again)
dialog: Hello Charlie, this is Gwen.
dialog: (presses button again)
dialog: Hi. It’s Sarah.
dialog: (again)
dialog: Hi, my name is Diane...
text: Charlie hits PAUSE on the machine and sits, stunned.
dialog: 22
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. PENGUIN HABITAT - NIGHT 22
text: CLOSE ON -- a bucket of fish. Cam, dressed in sweats and
text: water-proof boots, dumps the bucket into a tank of swimming
text: PENGUINS. There are literally hundreds of them; playing,
text: waddling, skidding down a slide into the water.
text: She picks up another pail and scatters it to the stragglers.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (to a penguin)
dialog: Hey, Grumpy. Stop that. Leave
text: Jester alone.
text: She throws a dead fish for Jester in the back. Cam reaches
text: for another bucket -- but there is none.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ‘d)
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Joe?! Shift it into high gear,
dialog: will ya? I want to go home.
text: JOE appears, carrying two buckets of fish. Meet Cam’s
text: sullen, lethargic little brother. He looks to be moving in
text: slow motion. A professional pothead, Joe is always one topic
text: behind any conversation.
text: He wears a T-shirt with WOODY HARRELSON on the front.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont‘d)
dialog: Did you get lost back there?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Sorry. Smoke break.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You know if they catch you with
dialog: weed, you’re gonna get fired. It
dialog: doesn’t matter that you’re my
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Re-lax. How is anybody gonna know?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Maybe the hemp pants? Or the hemp
dialog: shirt? Or the fact that you smell
dialog: like you showered in bong water?
text: Joe holds out the buckets of herring for her.
dialog: 23 pt
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (reminiscent)
dialog: When I was in college, I made a
text: bong out of a dried blow-fish.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You never went to college.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, I never enrolled. But I sold
dialog: a ton of shit at Stanford.
text: Cam playfully throws a fish at him and finishes dumping the
text: last bucket into the water. As she turns, she accidentally
text: trips on the SECOND BUCKET.
text: Cam TUMBLES on the top of the PENGUIN SLIDE and starts to
text: SLIP DOWN the chute -- arms flapping, holding fish. She
text: saves herself at the last moment, standing on the edge of the
dialog: ice. Whew!!!
speaker_heading: JOE (cont‘d)
dialog: (chortling)
dialog: And you think I look wasted?
text: At the top of the slide, Cam looks up to see a Penguin eyeing
text: the fish in her hands. Her smile fades.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Wait, Grumpy, no...
text: Too late -- Grumpy dives down the slide and BOWLING BALLS
text: into Cam. Her feet flip out from under her and she does a
text: FACE PLANT against the rock and SINKS INTO THE WATER.
text: The accident is half-tragic/half-hysterical. Joe rushes (as
text: fast as a stoned stoner can rush) to the edge of the water.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Whoa, Murphy, that was radical.
text: Cam surfaces holding her mouth.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I think I chipped a tooth.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S CLASSIC CONVERTIBLE T-BIRD - NIGHT 23 pt
text: The car door opens and a pretty young thing named NICOLE sits
text: down in the passenger seat demurely. She dolls herself up as
text: Charlie walks around the car. The TOP IS DOWN.
dialog: 30.
text: The driver’s side door opens and Charlie SITS. A beat.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Do these seats go down?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Pardon?
text: But she’s not waiting. She pounces, climbing over the stick
text: shift and on top of him. Her butt accidentally JAMS INTO THE
scene_heading: HORN -- HOOOOONKKKKK!
text: She starts to take off her top.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Wait. Don’t you want to...
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (removing her bra)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know... have dinner first?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Is that how it works?
text: Charlie gently pulls away, looking into her eyes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How what works?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You know, the thing.
dialog: (off Charlie’s blank look)
dialog: The thing, the magic, the charm,
dialog: the spell.
text: She immediately attacks him again. The front seat is tiny.
text: Her foot brushes the windshield wiper and FLUID SPRAYS OVER
text: THE WINDOW, DOUSING THEM.
text: OUTSIDE THE CAR -- we watch as the HEADLIGHTS FLASH ON
text: SEVERAL TIMES from the flailing body parts. Suddenly, the
text: car STARTS TO ROLL DOWN THE HILL AND ONTO A NEIGHBORS’ YARD.
text: INSIDE THE CAR -- Charlie pulls up the emergency brake and
text: pulls off the girl.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Whoah, whoah, whoah, slow down --
dialog: what the hell are you talking
dialog: about?
text: A beat.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (thinking he knows)
dialog: You’re a lucky charm. You have sex
text: with somebody and then they find
dialog: their true love. Isn’t that how it
dialog: works?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Has everybody completely lost their
dialog: minds? That’s ridiculous. That’s
dialog: absurd.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Do you want top or bottom?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wait. I really don’t want to take
dialog: advantage of you.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Look, don’t take it so seriously.
dialog: I'm certainly not. I’m doing this
text: on a lark.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And you won’t be taking advantage
dialog: of me. Do you know how many loser
dialog: boyfriends I’ve had? Do you know
dialog: how many times I’ve given myself --
dialog: body, mind and soul -- hoping that
dialog: this was the one, this was it, this
dialog: was my soulmate, only to find that
dialog: he was just some jerk-off asshole
dialog: who was more interested in sleeping
dialog: with my best friend and ready to
dialog: dump me because he “can’t see
text: daylight between my thighs”.
dialog: (then; excited)
dialog: If there’s a chance, even a point-—
dialog: zero-zero-zero-zero-one percent
dialog: chance that you’re the key, that
dialog: being with you might open the door
dialog: to something better -- well, I
dialog: think I'd be taking advantage of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Would you like to have sex before
dialog: or after dinner?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Why don’t we work up an appetite?
dialog: 32.
text: Boul-ya! They start to kiss passionately when Charlie’s
text: phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sorry. That’s the emergency
dialog: line.
text: He flips the phone open...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: (into phone)
text: Dr. Kagan speaking.
speaker_heading: CAM’S VOICE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hi. Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Speaking.
scene_heading: 23 pt INTERCUT CHARLIE AND (A STILL SOAKING WET) CAM -- 23 pt
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: This is Cam Wexler. We met a while
dialog: ago at Katie’s wedding.
dialog: (a beat; reminding)
dialog: Serial killer?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: Of course. Hi. How are you?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I’m so sorry to do this to you, but
dialog: I have a bit of a dental emergency.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (kind; but playful)
dialog: You know, you don’t have to make up
dialog: stories, Cam. If you want to see
dialog: me, you can just ask.
text: Charlie mouths “Sorry” to Nicole, who waits patiently.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: No, I chipped a tooth. It’s
dialog: Saturday night and I’m in a lot of
dialog: pain and I didn’t know who else to
dialog: call.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Chipped a tooth? How?
dialog: 24
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: If you must know, I stepped in a
text: bucket of fish, slid down an ice
text: ramp, got body-slammed by a penguin
text: and fell face first into a fake ice
dialog: boulder.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: If I had a nickel for every time
dialog: I've heard that one.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Hello... Hippocratic oath... I’m
text: bleeding. A lot.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (mouthing sorry to Nicole)
dialog: Do you know where my offices are?
text: Cam looks down at Charlie’s business card in her hands.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m leaving now.
text: Cam hangs up the phone and looks over through the glass at
text: Joe, who is now sitting in the room and tripping penguins as
text: they waddle by. Each time one falls into the water, he
text: laughs his ass off.
text: Cam shakes her head, incredulously.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S OFFICE - HALF HOUR LATER 24
text: Cam is on her back in the dental chair. Charlie works inside
text: her mouth.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Does that hurt?
text: Cam wiggle-shakes her head and grunts. He keeps working.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Wow... that’s some halitosis.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (slurred; mouth open)
dialog: -evy -unny. -at’s the -ish.
text: Charlie playfully nods “sure it is”.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Fish, huh?
dialog: (finishing up)
dialog: You can rinse.
text: Cam leans over, swishes and discreetly spits. She looks up
text: on the wall in front of her.
text: CAM’S P.O.V. -- A photograph of Charlie surrounded by dozens
text: of South American children. He stands at the center -- all
text: of them are smiling and holding up toothbrushes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: I travel to Guatemala once a year
dialog: to help out in some of the poorer
dialog: villages.
text: Cam looks him over for a moment: she approves. She moves to
text: get up out of the chair and KNOCKS the suction device to the
text: floor. Oops. Leaning over to pick it up, her hand comes
text: CRASHING DOWN on the tray of dental tools, which go FLYING
text: ACROSS THE ROOM. Two of the SHARP METAL PICKS stab Charlie
text: in the back, lodging there.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
speaker_heading: AHHH!
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Oh my god!
text: Charlie reaches around but can’t get them. Cam rushes over
text: and pulls the instruments out of his back. He gasps.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ‘d)
dialog: Here. I’m so sorry.
text: She starts picking up instruments from the floor.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's okay... I got it. Stop
dialog: helping before I lose an eye.
text: Charlie takes off his bloodied lab coat and rubs his back.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I hope you’1ll let me have that dry-
dialog: cleaned.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, but I hope you'll let me take
dialog: you for dinner on Thursday night.
dialog: (she looks hesitant)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: Trust me, you’ll be able to do far
dialog: more damage to me with a steak
dialog: knife.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I’m sorry. I can’t. How much do I
dialog: owe you for the tooth?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (a little offended)
dialog: So you draw first blood, but won't
dialog: make it up to me?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: No really-- how much do I owe you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Your money is no good here.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Okay. Thank you.
text: An awkward moment. Cam walks out of the office.
scene_heading: 25 INT. HALLWAY - OFFICE BUILDING - MINUTES LATER 25
text: Charlie, dried blood spots on his shirt, is locking up his
text: office as Cam steps back into the hallway from the elevator.
text: He turns to her, happy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Change your mind?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: My car won't start.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sure it won’t.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I left my lights on.
text: He just looks at her with a grin, not buying it. She rolls
text: her eyes and immediately turns back.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ‘d)
dialog: Okay, I’m pushing it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wait, wait. I want to jump you.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27 pt
dialog: 36.
text: She looks at him -- smiles. He joins her at the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - OFFICE BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER 26
text: The two cars are bumper to bumper. Cam sits at her wheel.
text: Charlie attaches jumper cables.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay. Let her rip.
text: Cam turns the ignition and the car starts right up.
text: While Charlie disconnects the cables, Cam gets out of her car
dialog: (engine running).
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Thank you. Thank you for fixing my
dialog: tooth. Thank you for jumping my
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don’t mention it.
text: Behind her, her car door CLOSES. She is LOCKED OUT OF HER
speaker_heading: IDLING CAR.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (without missing a beat)
dialog: And thank you for driving me home
dialog: to get my spare set of car keys.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER 27 pt
text: Charlie and Cam hum along toward Cam’s apartment.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Take a left up here at the light.
text: A moment of silence.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know how smart it was to
text: leave the car running.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Trust me. It’s going to be fine.
text: It’s a Geo Metro. A car-jacker
dialog: wouldn’t get caught dead in a Geo
dialog: Metro.
dialog: (then)
text: Right at the stop sign.
text: They drive for a moment or two.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont‘d)
dialog: So what were you doing this
dialog: evening? Before I interrupted.
text: Charlie pauses...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Well, I’m sorry anyway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m not.
text: She turns her face so that Charlie can’t see the
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: This is it.
text: 27 pt Charlie pulls the car over.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ’‘d)
dialog: Keep the meter running.
dialog: 37.
text: tiny smile.
dialog: 27 pt
text: Cam gets out of the car and then suddenly looks annoyed.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont‘d)
dialog: Aaw shit shit shit shit shit shit!
dialog: (then)
dialog: Excuse my french.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t speak French - what were
dialog: you saying?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (thoroughly annoyed)
dialog: My house keys are on my car key
dialog: ring.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It doesn’t matter.
text: Cam goes to the sidewalk and picks up a brick. She chucks it
text: through the window by her door and reaches in to unlock it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (in car; sotto)
dialog: What the hell?
dialog: 38.
text: Cam is gone for a few moments and then comes out carrying a
text: set of keys. She gets back into the car.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Thanks.
text: Charlie just stares at her in disbelief. Cam looks down at
text: the keys in her hand.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ‘d)
dialog: I hope these are the right keys.
text: Charlie shakes his head, amused, and pulls away.
scene_heading: 28 INT. GARAGE - OFFICE BUILDING - LATER 28
text: We FOLLOW Charlie’s convertible as it makes its way through
text: the car garage. It rolls to a stop.
text: PULL OUT to REVEAL that the garage is TOTALLY EMPTY.
text: Cam’s car is GONE.
text: After a beat...
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Eh, who wants to drive a Geo Metro,
dialog: anyway?
text: Another moment. Then, sheepishly...
speaker_heading: CAM (cont‘d)
dialog: Would you like me to walk home?
text: Charlie smiles and pulls away to take Cam home.
scene_heading: 29 INT. CHARLIE’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER 29
text: The perfect pair drive back toward Cam's apartment. A moment
text: of silence. Then Cam tries to break it.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: My brother calls me Murphy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Murphy?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You know, “Murphy’s Law”. Anything
dialog: that can go wrong, will.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 30
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont'd)
dialog: When I was eight, I got kicked out
text: of Brownies for starting a fire.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Doesn't starting a camp fire earn
dialog: you a merit badge?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Not when it torches your camp
dialog: mother’s summer home.
dialog: (with a impish shrug)
dialog: I was trying to make a s’more.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I love s’mores.
text: She smiles. Looks around his dashboard.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: So many buttons. “Seat Warmer?”
dialog: “Mapping Navigator?” What's this
dialog: one do?
text: She pushes it. The convertible top starts to CLOSE from
text: behind. It catches the wind going 65 MPH and FLIES OFF THE
text: CAR WITH A LOUD CRACK.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (flat)
text: Convertible top.
scene_heading: EXT. CAM’S APARTMENT - LATER 30
text: Charlie pulls up and idles in front of her building. The
text: convertible top to his car rests (broken) in the backseat.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Thank you. Sorry about your
dialog: back... and your top...
dialog: (she motions to the back)
dialog: And I owe you gas money.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What if we had dinner at a gas
dialog: station? We could have chili-
text: cheese-dogs and share a soda and
dialog: you could square up for the gas
dialog: that way.
text: She gets out of the car and leans in.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You seem very nice.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Translation: Not a chance in hell.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Thanks again.
text: She shoots him a quick smile, closes the car door and turns
text: to go to her apartment. RIPPPP! She’s suddenly standing
text: there in her PENGUIN PANTIES, her skirt caught in the car
text: door. Charlie opens up the door, hands her the skirt. She
text: covers up, backs away...
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ‘d)
dialog: Good night, Dr. Kagan.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Good night, Murphy.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. CHARLIE’S HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT 31
text: ESTABLISHING -- Charlie pulls into his driveway and heads for
text: the front door.
scene_heading: 32 INT. CHARLIE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 32
text: He turns on a light to find his titanic office assistant,
text: Reba, SITTING ON HIS COUCH in an overcoat.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: Hi, Dr. Kagan.
text: Charlie is startled.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Reba. What the hell?
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: Sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you.
dialog: I used the key you left me in case
dialog: of emergencies.
text: Charlie puts his coat down and turns on another light. A
text: long beat. Reba doesn’t move. Finally...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And the emergency is...?
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: I know about the charm.
text: (Charlie looks at her,
dialog: dumbfounded)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: REBA (cont'd)
dialog: Somebody posted about you on my
dialog: internet dating site.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wait a second. This is totally out
dialog: of control. It’s not true.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: That’s what I thought. But then I
dialog: went to Urban-Legends-Dot-Com and
dialog: nobody has disproved it.
dialog: (then; random)
dialog: Did you know that Walt Disney was
dialog: cremated and not frozen?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Reba, I‘ll see you on Monday.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: (changing tact)
dialog: Dr. Kagan, you’ve always been there
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (clarifying)
dialog: When you need a day off, yes. When
dialog: you need a lift to work, yes.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: When Reggie died four years ago,
dialog: you sent that beautiful card.
dialog: Remember what you wrote?
dialog: (recalling)
dialog: “If there’s anything I can do,
dialog: please let me know.”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Yes, but...
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: Well, I’m letting you know.
text: Reba throws off her coat to REVEAL that she’s wearing LACY
text: GARTERS and a BUSTIER that could hold up a house. She starts
text: to stalk him around the living room. He backs away.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This is not what I had in mind.
dialog: 33
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: These panties are edible. But I'd
dialog: avoid the tush area as I’ve been
text: sitting for about three hours.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Reba, I’m not the guy for you.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: I’m not saying you are. But the
dialog: next guy might be. If we're
dialog: together, I’1l find my soul mate.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s ridiculous.
text: Reba starts to cry. This big, strong woman is reduced to a
text: sobbing wreck within a matter of seconds.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: Wait, wait. Please don’t cry.
text: Charlie moves to comfort her, but she uses the opportunity to
dialog: pounce on him. It was all an act...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: I can’t do this.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: Don't worry, I'll do everything.
text: She starts to remove his shirt. Resistance is futile.
speaker_heading: REBA (cont’d)
dialog: Please. Just close your eyes and
dialog: imagine somebody beautiful.
text: This stops Charlie dead in his tracks. He lifts Reba’s face
text: so that he looks into her eyes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I’ll imagine you. No one but you.
text: Kindly, he kisses her lips.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVING RANGE - DAY 33
text: Charlie and Stu practice. Stu SWINGS and side-swipes the
text: ball. It ricochets off the wood protective panelling and
text: shoots back, almost decapitating him.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Reba?!? You slept with Reba!?!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Shhhh. Quiet down.
text: Charlie hits a long, straight, perfect drive.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You’re telling me that you’ve got
dialog: the power to turn any hot chick
text: into a knob-gobbling, lance waxing,
dialog: fleshmonger and you’re ploughing
dialog: the back forty with Reba?
text: Stu SLICES another ball -- It hits the fence 90 degrees to
dialog: the right. Somebody ducks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You don’t understand because you
dialog: weren't there.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (pointing conspicuously)
dialog: Check it. That is the kind of tail
dialog: you should be chasin’.
text: The PASSING FEMALE GOLFER he refers to is GORGEOUS.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: I’d suck a fart out of her ass and
text: hold it like a bong hit.
text: Charlie hits a long, straight, perfect drive. Stu hits
text: another ball that ricochets off his ball bucket and bounces
scene_heading: BEHIND HIM.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (re: Stu’s swing)
dialog: Have you thought about wearing
dialog: protective gear?
text: Charlie hits another ball. Stu tries to bounce a ball on his
text: club like Tiger Woods. He never makes contact.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Dude! Let me get this straight.
dialog: They all think you’re a lucky
dialog: charm. Carol said it. Katie said
text: it at the wedding.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's what they tell me.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: So according to them, every girl
dialog: you’ve ever bumped uglies with has
dialog: gotten married to the next guy she
dialog: dates after you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s not true.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Who the hell cares if it’s true?!?
dialog: Wake up, man! You got it made.
dialog: What’s the only thing that all
dialog: women want?
dialog: (Charlie doesn’t answer)
dialog: To get married. Raise rug-rats.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And, apparently, you hold the
dialog: ticket to the big show! Do you
dialog: know what this means? Trim.
dialog: You're gonna be seein’ trim like
dialog: Tommy Lee. Like Colin Farrell.
dialog: Like Ellen DeGeneres.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Have you considered the possibility
dialog: that the reason you haven't had sex
dialog: in this decade has something to do
dialog: with your routine use of the word
dialog: “trim”?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: Chicks. 24 hours a day. 7 days a
dialog: week. 56 weeks a year. Boul-ya!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You and I are different. Okay?
dialog: Besides me not being retarded, I
dialog: don’t want to take advantage.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Was Martin Luther King Jr. taking
dialog: advantage when he said... that
dialog: thing at the place? I don’t think
dialog: so. Was Ghandi taking advantage
dialog: when he, you know, did his thing.
dialog: Don’t tell me Ghandi didn’t score
text: some sweet Native American trim.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ghandi was Indian.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: They don’t like to be called that.
text: (he swings and misses a
dialog: ball entirely)
dialog: Seriously, dude, I thought you
dialog: wanted to find love.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Well, stop dipping your foot in the
dialog: pool and dive the fuck in.
text: Charlie looks up to see the gorgeous Female Golfer checking
dialog: him out.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: And think about this: you’d be
dialog: providing a much needed public
dialog: service. You'd be helping women
dialog: find love.
text: Charlie shakes his head and chuckles at Stu’s idiocy.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t bitch to me that you haven’t
dialog: found Miss Right if you’ve got
dialog: women lining up for the position
dialog: and you turning your back on them.
dialog: Charlie nods his... you know, he might be right.
speaker_heading: STU (cont’d)
dialog: You know I'm right! So go on
dialog: already...
dialog: (ve: Female Golfer)
dialog: ++.take one for the team.
text: Stu lines up his next shot.
speaker_heading: STU (cont’d)
dialog: Do you need a good pick-up line?
dialog: Because I could help with that.
dialog: Ask her if it hurt when she fell
dialog: from heaven. Or tell her...
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 46.
text: Stu realizes Charlie is no longer there. He looks around to
text: find him talking to the Female Golfer. He smiles, satisfied,
text: then hits another ball, SMASHING the snack bar window.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: MUSIC MONTAGE -- to The White Stripes’ cover of the Carl 34
dialog: Perkins song “Everybody's Trying To Be My Baby”.
text: -- We see Charlie going for a “hole in one” with the Female
text: Golfer. All is going fine until she starts talking dirty.
speaker_heading: FEMALE GOLFER
dialog: Oh, yeah. That’s right. Like
dialog: that. Oh, baby, fuck me.
text: As they continue, she gets REALLY DIRTY... EMBARRASSINGLY
text: DIRTY. Nastier than any porn movie EVER.
speaker_heading: FEMALE GOLFER (cont'd)
dialog: Fuck me, FUCK ME, YOU COCK-SUCKING
scene_heading: CUM-GUZZLING SHIT-HEAD. HARDER.
scene_heading: SPLIT ME IN TWO. FUCKITY-FUCK COCK-
scene_heading: SUCKER-MOTHER-OF-AN-ASSHOLE—
text: Charlie stops in his tracks. She looks up at him, sane
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: FEMALE GOLFER (cont’d)
dialog: Is there something wrong?
text: -- Charlie with a BRUNETTE. He looks down to see a tatoo ia%5
text: her pubic region that reads: “FRANK WAS HERE”. Not good.
text: -- Charlie with a BLONDE. He looks down to see another tatkio
text: that reads: “666”. Worse.
text: -- Charlie with a REDHEAD. He looks down to see a tatoo 37
text: right above her “bush” that simply says “George W.” Even
dialog: worse.
text: -- Charlie, in bed, with a SUPER HOTTIE. He rolls over ands
text: gives a little loving to the Hottie’s TWIN SISTER. A TRIPLET
text: appears from under the covers.
speaker_heading: SONG LYRICS
text: Well half past nine, half past
dialog: four... Fifty women knocking on my
dialog: door... Everybody's trying to be my
dialog: baby.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 47.
text: -- “TIME CODE” sequence -- the screen is divided up into four
text: quadrants -- in each one Charlie is with a different girl.
text: The screen POPS to eight screens -- more girls.
text: -- Charlie is pulled over by a cop while driving. The 39
text: officer walks to the car -- REVEAL that it is the BUTCH
text: FEMALE POLICE OFFICER from the beach. We CUT to MOMENTS
text: LATER as we see Charlie “laying down a little law”.
text: He goes to kiss her, but she pulls away.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Yeah, I don’t do that with men.
dialog: Okay...
text: -- Charlie and another woman who’s got a TREMENDOUSLY STACKED
text: AND PACKED tank-top are getting down to business in his
dialog: dentist chair. (NOTE: someone with an eagle-eye might
text: remember her as a guest at Katie’s wedding). Charlie goes to
dialog: remove her top...
speaker_heading: TANKTOP
dialog: NO! Don’t take off my top.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (taken aback a bit)
dialog: Okay... Is there something wrong?
speaker_heading: TANKTOP
dialog: Those are for the baby.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You have a baby?
speaker_heading: TANKTOP
dialog: No, but someday I‘1l have one.
dialog: Okay...
text: -- We SPLIT SCREEN again to a “TIME CODE” sequence where we
text: see Charlie with even more women.
text: -- Charlie is with a cute, and more importantly, sane-lookwig
text: woman. We stay with them for a beautiful love-making moment.
text: Finally, he’s reeled in a keeper.
dialog: Then... she orgasms:
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: “SANE” WOMAN
dialog: Oh, I’m going to come. Jesus
dialog: Christ Almighty, God, My Savior, I
dialog: shall adore you from now until
dialog: forevermore.
dialog: (she finishes)
dialog: Amen.
text: Charlie doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: “SANE” WOMAN (cont’d)
dialog: Would you like to pray with me now?
text: -- Charlie is on the golf course with Stu (who is dressed U2
text: the nines, looking a little like a pimp). A BOYFRIEND drives
text: up in a golf cart.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: You’re the guy, right?
text: Charlie looks embarrassed. Stu, on the other hand, starts to
text: pimp his friend out immediately.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Yeah, this is him. You got a girl
dialog: you wanna marry?
text: Boyfriend nods and flashes a stack of cash. Charlie shakes
text: his head, instantly taking offense.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, I don’t do that. Not for
dialog: money. Sorry.
text: Charlie goes back to his swing, as Stu surreptitiously takes
text: the money from the guy and gives him the high sign.
text: -- The MUSIC CONTINUES as we go CLOSE ON a sexy woman 43
text: screaming in ecstacy. She finishes and rolls over -- lying
text: down next to a sweaty Charlie.
text: A beat. He looks over at her, curious.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Megan, I swear I know you from
dialog: someplace.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: We went to high school together.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (trying to remember)
dialog: Really? Megan... Megan... What’s
dialog: your last name?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Gillis.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I knew a Michael Gillis. God, you
dialog: look exactly like him. Was that
dialog: your brother?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Actually, that was me before the
dialog: operation.
text: Charlie looks at the ceiling, shocked.
text: -- The PLAYBOY MANSION. Charlie shares the Grotto with 44
text: dozens of girls. Tops are thrown aside as Charlie smiles.
text: Bottoms are thrown aside as Charlie smiles even wider.
text: Several of the girls jump, surprised by something under the
text: water. Stu emerges from underneath the water with a mask and
text: snorkel on.
text: MOMENTS LATER, Stu is being escorted off the grounds by two
text: heavy SECURITY GUARDS.
text: -- PULL OUT FURTHER as the screen POPS from eight screens --
text: more girls, to sixteen screens -- more girls.
speaker_heading: SONG LYRICS
dialog: Went out last night, didn't stay
dialog: late... before I got home I had
dialog: nineteen dates... Everybody's
dialog: trying to be my baby.
text: As the song comes to an end, we hear...
speaker_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE (0.S.)
dialog: You have one hundred and eight new
dialog: messages.
speaker_heading: BEEP!
scene_heading: EXT. BALBOA PARK - DAY 45
text: Charlie and Stu throw a frisbee in the park. Charlie’s
text: throws are dead on. Stu has less accuracy with a frisbee
text: than he does with a golf ball.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: What do you mean, “it feels empty”.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: None of these women want to be with
dialog: me. They want to be with the next
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: So what? The road to the next guy
dialog: leads through you.
text: STU HITS A 7-YEAR-OLD WITH AN ERRANT THROW.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: (to little boy)
dialog: Nice stop, kid. Way to be.
text: The boy groggily chucks it back.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s just not satisfying.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: I’ll tell you “not satisfying”.
dialog: Last night I masturbated into a
text: grapefruit.
dialog: (off Charlie’s look)
dialog: Well, I put it in the microwave
dialog: first, heat it up a little, which
dialog: helped... but still.
text: Stu’s spastic throw CLOCKS a GRANDMOTHER in the head.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: My bad.
dialog: (asking for it back)
dialog: Little help?
text: The woman puts the frisbee in her purse and walks away.
text: Irked, Stu throws up his arms. Charlie approaches.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m just tired of meaningless sex.
text: Stu just stares at him for a beat.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: I have no idea what you just said.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S OFFICE - WAITING ROOM - DAY 46
text: PAN ACROSS a half-dozen women sitting and waiting patiently
text: in Charlie’s office.
text: REVEAL Cam, also waiting. Sporting multiple band-aids.
text: Reba opens the door and looks to Cam.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: Ms. Wexler? The doctor will see
dialog: you now.
text: Cam stands and moves toward the door as one of the women
text: calls to her.
speaker_heading: WAITING WOMAN #1
dialog: (optimistically)
dialog: Good luck.
text: Cam grins askance and enters...
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S OFFICE - EXAM ROOM - CONTINUOUS 47
text: Reba ushers Cam into the room, who (surprise, surprise)
text: accidentally CRACKS HER HEAD on the hanging dentist light.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You okay?
dialog: (playful; re: light)
dialog: I’ve been meaning to have that
dialog: removed.
text: She massages her bruised head, and takes a seat as Charlie
text: puts on the lead x-ray jacket with a grin.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Protection. Just in case.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Clever.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So... have you come back to finish
dialog: the job?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: What? Finish killing you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, finish breaking my heart.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I hope there are no hard feelings.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: For what? You’re entitled to turn
dialog: me down for a date.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Even though it’s a cataclysmic
dialog: mistake, one that will haunt you
dialog: for the rest of your life and keep
dialog: you from realizing true happiness.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: From the look of your waiting room,
dialog: I doubt you have any trouble
dialog: finding a date.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Not my type.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: And what, pray tell, is your type?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Black and blue, riddled with
text: bandages.
text: Charlie rolls over to her. She opens her mouth and Charlie
text: looks in. He does a little scraping.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
text: The cap looks good.
text: He removes his gloves -- finished already.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's it. Unless you’d like to
dialog: have lunch with me.
text: (she shakes her head with
dialog: a smile)
dialog: Dinner?
dialog: (another friendly shake)
dialog: Drinks?
dialog: (another shake)
dialog: Water? The Surgeon General
dialog: recommends at least 64 ounces of
dialog: water a day. I’d like to help.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I don’t think so. But thanks.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 53.
text: And with that, she exits. Charlie smiles, enjoys getting
text: burnt for the first time in a long while.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - OFFICE BUILDING - CONTINUOUS 48
text: Cam EXITS Charlie's office and makes her way to the elevator.
text: Charlie opens his door and steps into the hall.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wait!
text: Cam turns as if he’s a puppy dog that has followed her home.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: How do I say, “No Thank You” in
dialog: your language?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You forgot your sunglasses.
text: Charlie looks at her expectantly. Cam smiles apologetically
text: and takes her glasses.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Listen, I just... I’m not
dialog: emotionally available at this time.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (playful)
dialog: I’m okay with that. I’m really
dialog: just looking for a physical
dialog: relationship anyway.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: So I’ve heard.
text: Cam follows the jab with a curt smile.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wait! That wasn’t serious. That’s
dialog: not how I feel at all.
dialog: (sinking ship)
dialog: You know what? I’m sorry. Really,
dialog: no problem. I get it. I do.
text: She smiles and walks into the elevator and out of his life.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA WORLD - DAY 49
text: Establishing. Dolphins jump through hoops. Children pick up
text: starfish. Shamu splashes the folks in the front row.
dialog: 50
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. PENGUIN HABITAT - DAY 50
text: The observation room. A long conveyer belt slowly motors
text: people along in front of a giant glass tank. Penguins swim
text: and waddle on the other side.
text: Cam stands in front of the conveyer with a microphone. As
text: the people pass, she gives an informative speech.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: During the Antarctic winter,
dialog: temperatures average negative 76
text: degrees. The winds howl at speeds
dialog: of up to 200 miles per hour.
text: As she talks, WE SEE Charlie rounding the bend munching on
text: popcorn.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont'd)
dialog: Emperor penguins are the only
dialog: species that can breed during these
dialog: winter conditions.
text: Cam looks down to see Charlie on the conveyer belt. He
text: smiles up at her. She falters momentarily, but continues...
speaker_heading: CAM (cont‘d)
text: The female lays a single egg, then
text: rolls it onto the feet of the male.
text: The male stands and incubates the
dialog: egg until it hatches -- about 65
text: days. Having built up a thick
dialog: layer of fat to sustain him through
dialog: the long winter, he never leaves
dialog: the egg to hunt for food. The
dialog: female, who spends the entire
dialog: incubation period foraging in the
dialog: ocean, returns before the chick
text: hatches.
dialog: (finishing)
dialog: You can find out more about the
dialog: Emperor Penguin at one of the many
dialog: information kiosks. If you have
dialog: any questions, please feel free to
dialog: ask.
text: She puts the microphone down and hops over the conveyer belt,
text: moving toward Charlie. As she goes, she knocks the
text: microphone over -- it falls into the gear of the conveyor
text: belt and -- HORRIBLE SCREECH -- SNAPS the microphone cord.
text: While trying to rescue the cable, she snaps one heel off her
dialog: shoe.
dialog: 55.
text: Charlie can’t help but laugh. Cam tries to act like nothing
text: happened -- she hobbles over to him.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont’d)
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Learning about the Emperor Penguin.
text: Having some popcorn.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Seriously?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Seriously. So the male Emperor
dialog: Penguin really lives off his own
dialog: fat for 65 days to protect the egg?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: You'd think the female could bring
dialog: him back a tuna-burger or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Why are you really here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay, I don’t buy the “I’m not
dialog: emotionally available.” It’s weak.
dialog: Are you dying? Do you not want to
dialog: get involved because you don’t want
dialog: to hurt me when you die?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I’m not dying.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Good. Me, neither. Am I not your
dialog: type? Because I can live with that.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I think you should go.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (holding up his ticket)
dialog: I paid fifty-eight dollars to see
dialog: you today. I’1l leave if you pay
dialog: me back.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (cutting her off)
dialog: Is this the dude?
dialog: 56.
text: Cam spins to find her stoner brother, Joe, approaching
text: without a shirt on. He saunters over and starts to eat some
text: of Charlie’s popcorn without asking.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: No, thank you, Joe, this
dialog: isn’'t...Charlie, this is my brother
dialog: Joe...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (suddenly excited)
dialog: What? Have you been talking about
dialog: me?
dialog: (to Joe)
dialog: Has she been talking about me?
speaker_heading: CAM JOE
dialog: No. I haven't. Yup. You the dentist?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: So, I am the dude!
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: I mentioned you in passing. I said
dialog: you were funny.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: And you said--
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: And I said you were charming, and
dialog: good-looking, and had a nice smile.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That explains why we’re not dating.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (to Joe)
dialog: Why aren’t you wearing a shirt?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: He looks down and realizes he’s topless. This starts a
text: stoner-giggle that goes on longer than it should.
text: A LITTLE GIRL approaches, tugging on Cam’s pant leg.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Excuse me, Miss. How come the
dialog: momma penguin doesn’t bring back
dialog: food for the poppa penguin?
text: Cam bends down to the Little Girl.
speaker_heading: CAM
text: The male penguin doesn’t need food.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (helping)
dialog: He'd rather live off his own fat.
text: The Little Girl seems appeased and wanders away.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: I know this comes out of left
dialog: field, but I was hoping to take you
dialog: to dinner.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: She’d love to.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Joe, say another word and I hide
dialog: your stash.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Tell you what -- you can eat and
dialog: I‘ll just sit and digest my own
dialog: lard.
text: Careful not to say another word, Joe offers Charlie a nod of
text: encouragement. After fielding an evil look from Cam, he
text: turns and heads through a door marked “EMPLOYEES ONLY”.
dialog: Cam walks
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Look, you’re charming, you’re
dialog: funny, you're successful, and
dialog: cliché of clichés -- you help
dialog: underprivileged kids. It’s just
dialog: that I know three girls that you've
dialog: gone out with. I’m not into dating
dialog: as a sport.
text: away. Charlie follows.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wait, you said if anybody had any
dialog: questions, don’t hesitate to ask.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: No. No, no, no, I’m not going to
dialog: go out with you. No. Don’t ask.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That wasn’t my question.
dialog: (then)
dialog: My question was...
dialog: (random)
dialog: ...what kind of penguin is that?
text: Charlie points to a cute little PENGUIN behind the glass. It
text: speeds along in the water like a water ballerina.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: It’s a Gentoo. One of several
dialog: species of Penguin that is
text: completely monogamous.
dialog: (double meaning)
dialog: I hope that answers your question.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And interestingly enough, penguins
dialog: are also unique in that mate
dialog: selection is up to the female.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Much like in our relationship.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Why do you want to take me to
dialog: dinner so badly?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You look hungry.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Really...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (a moment)
dialog: Because you kind of remind me of
dialog: these penguins.
text: She waits for an explanation as Charlie watches a waddling
text: little penguin trip and do a face-plant into the ice.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: On land, outside, they’re kind of
text: awkward and goofy.
dialog: That was a compliment?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: But in the water, they’ve got this
dialog: incredible grace and speed.
dialog: They’re like God’s perfect
dialog: creatures.
text: Cam is touched. She doesn’t quite know what to say.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay what?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Okay dinner.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Okay.
dialog: 59.
dialog: Then...
text: Charlie gives a thumbs up to Joe, who now watches intently
text: from behind the glass in the penguin tank (arms crossed,
text: shivering in the intense cold). Even the penguins who are
text: flanking him look happy to hear the news.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont'd)
dialog: But only as friends. If you have
dialog: to know... I’m very serious about
text: someone else.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're dating someone?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Well, no. We haven’t exactly
dialog: met... yet.
text: She steps over and pulls a book off the shelf from the gift
text: shop. All the books on the shelf topple to the ground. She
text: acts as if it didn’t happen, turning the book over to show
text: Charlie the cover. A picture of the writer, HOWARD BLAINE.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont'd)
dialog: He’s the foremost expert on
dialog: penguins in the world. I’1l be
text: meeting him at a conference later
dialog: this year.
dialog: 51
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And I do not want to interfere with
dialog: that.
dialog: (a beat; then)
dialog: Actually, I really, really want to
dialog: interfere. But okay, a date. As
dialog: friends. Just give me a chance,
dialog: that’s all I’m asking for.
text: She nods. They face each other silently for a moment.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: What you said, about “God's perfect
dialog: creature”... that was easily the
dialog: nicest thing anyone has ever said
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (playful smile)
dialog: I was exaggerating a bit.
text: Cam grins and heads back off to work.
text: She moves to open the door but it is LOCKED, ruining her
text: perfect exit. Charlie hides his smile. She totters off in
dialog: the other direction.
scene_heading: INT. STU’S OFFICE - LATER 51
text: Stu is closing up shop as Charlie follows him around like an
text: excited puppy dog.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: “Perfectly imperfect”? What the
dialog: hell does that mean?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (searching)
dialog: I don’t know. Haven’t you ever
dialog: fallen for somebody’s flaws?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: I’m a plastic surgeon. I see a
text: flaw and I pour spackle over it.
text: Charlie gets all warm thinking about her.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (goofy grin)
dialog: She’s not very nice to me.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And she likes somebody else.
dialog: 6l.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Score!
text: Stu holds up a glass jar with some floating whitish-reddish
text: gunk in it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: It’s what I’m gonna retire on, my
dialog: friend.
text: Stu opens a locked cabinet and places the jar on the shelf
text: next to two dozen other glass jars, filled with different odd-
text: looking artifacts.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: I’m gonna sell all this shit on
dialog: Ebay for mad cash.
text: Stu holds up a glass jar with two plastic implants in it.
speaker_heading: STU (cont’d)
text: Pamela Lee's breast implants.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What? Why aren’t they implanted in
dialog: her breasts?
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: She came in for a reduction. These
dialog: are what I took out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You saved them?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You know how much some sick dude is
dialog: gonna pay for these?
text: Holding up the bottle of whitish-reddish gunk.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
text: Mira Sorvino’s thigh fat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Get out of here!
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: I’m serious. It’s the cellulite
text: from her left, inner thigh.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s disgusting.
dialog: (morbidly fascinated)
dialog: What else do you have?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (pointing to each one)
dialog: Jennifer Grey’s septum, Michael
text: Douglas’ droopy eye-lid, Burt
dialog: Reynolds’ neck skin, Joan Rivers,
dialog: Joan Rivers, Joan Rivers, Tori
text: Spelling’s nose shavings, and the
dialog: coup de grace, Jennifer Connelly’s
dialog: breast reduction.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: It looks like Mira Sorvino’s inner
dialog: thigh.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Don’t be stupid. That’s bona fide
text: Jennifer Connelly boob.
text: Stu closes and locks up the cabinet with great care. He
text: brings the conversation back around again...
speaker_heading: STU (cont’d)
dialog: So, Charlie’s got a crush?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s not a crush. I can’t explain
dialog: it... but she’s the one. When I’m
dialog: with her, I feel like the stars are
text: all lined up.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: So, since you’re out of play, you
dialog: won’t mind if I call up some of
dialog: your ex-girlfriends?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (irked)
dialog: Can I just say, I’m an idiot for
dialog: taking your advice. “Public
dialog: service!” All I succeeded in doing
dialog: by being with all those women is to
dialog: push my soulmate further away.
dialog: 52
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Might I remind you that you also
dialog: got your axle greased a fair amount
text: in the process.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What's sex without love?
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: (answering)
dialog: Sex. It’s still sex. Jesus
dialog: Christ, I’ve never met anyone so
text: bummed to squirt out a little baby
dialog: gravy.
text: Charlie shoots him a look -- “don’t talk like that”.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: (dumbfounded)
dialog: Have you even kissed this girl yet?
dialog: (Charlie shakes his head)
dialog: And you‘re going cold turkey for
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: If she wants me more like a Gentoo,
dialog: then I’m going to be more like a
dialog: Gentoo.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You lost me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: A Gentoo is a monogamous penguin.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Did you go off your meds?
text: Charlie EXITS Stu’s office and walks through the waiting room
text: filled with beautiful buxom women -- but Charlie doesn’t even
text: notice. He just shrugs back to Stu with a goofy smile.
text: As we follow him out (like in the earlier scene), we see a
text: quick glimpse of GARY BUSEY in the waiting room.
scene_heading: EXT. LA JOLLA COVE - LATER 52
text: Cam and Charlie walk down the moonlit beach, focused more on
text: each other than the crashing waves and strolling lovers
text: around them.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Do sharks get cavities?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You have no idea, do you?
text: Charlie shakes his head, caught.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Isn’t the point of 100 questions to
dialog: ask personal questions? To learn
dialog: about the other person?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I’ve learned that you don’t know
dialog: the average birth weight of an
dialog: African Dik-Dik. I think that’s
dialog: just important as you knowing my
dialog: favorite food is soup.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Okay, your question.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why penguins?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Why teeth?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: My question. I asked first.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Lots of reasons. For one, you
dialog: can’t help but smile when you see a
dialog: penguin.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Another trait they share with you.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Their world, Antarctica, is
dialog: beautiful. I go there once a year
dialog: for research. Because of the
dialog: Earth’s axis, there’s only one
dialog: sunrise and one sunset a year. You
dialog: don’t know beauty until you’ve seen
text: a once-a-year sunset in Antarctica.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (taking her in)
dialog: I don’t know about that.
text: She blushes a little. A nice moment.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: And their rituals are fascinating.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Penguin rituals?
text: Charlie’s cell phone RINGS. He silences it immediately.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Rituals. Like when a male penguin
text: is sweet on a female, he goes on a
text: long search across the beach to
dialog: find the perfect pebble to offer
text: her. He hunts everywhere to find
text: it. Finally, he waddles over and
text: presents the stone by placing it at
text: her webbed feet. If she accepts
dialog: his offer, they will be life-long
dialog: mates.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Like an engagement ring?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: It’s unbelievable to watch.
text: They quietly pass a couple of teenagers making out in the
dialog: sand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I have a feeling that you’re a very
dialog: good kisser. I mean, I’ve already
dialog: spent an hour and a half inside
dialog: your mouth, so I should know.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (playful)
dialog: What makes you think I’1l be
dialog: kissing you?
dialog: (then)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont'd)
dialog: Might I remind you that with
dialog: penguins, mate selection is up to
dialog: the female.
text: Cam, who’s been looking at Charlie, walks face first into a
text: wooden pier plank. She falls back to the sand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (falling to his knees)
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Ow.
text: He leans in. He kisses her head. Cheek. They touch lips.
text: Gentle. Soft. A perfect kiss. He pulls away slowly, and...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, maybe I was wrong about the
dialog: “very good kisser” thing.
text: She laughs loudly and tackles him into the sand. She starts
text: to walk away in mock offense.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Hey, I’m sorry. Everybody has
dialog: something they’re good at. I’m
dialog: sure we'll find yours!
text: He starts to chase her down, as we...
text: MONTAGE -- Through a number of dates.
text: -- They stand against the rail, watching the rippling wates3
text: as they snuggle aboard the Bahia Belle, a Mississippi-style
text: stern wheeler that cruises Mission Bay.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Okay, so fess up about this charm.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You know about it?
dialog: (she nods; “of course”)
dialog: And what do you think?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I think it’s a pretty creative way
dialog: to get laid.
dialog: -- Holding hands while walking through the Prado area in 54
text: Balboa Park, taking in the sublime Spanish Moor Architecture.
text: -- Picnicking on the grass in front of the gigantic bouldes5
text: torso of the BEAR SCULPTURE at UCSD.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 67.
text: -- Dining at Bertand’s at Mister A’s and watching the 56
text: cityscape from it’s panoramic view. She opens a beautifully
text: wrapped gift. REVEAL that he’s bought her a “LO-JACK”.
text: -- Finally, we find our two STOMPING GRAPES and making winé7
text: at the Julian Grape Stomp Fest. It’s only a matter of
text: seconds before it turns into a dunking contest where both are
dialog: losers. This leads us to...
scene_heading: EXT. THE CITY OF JULIAN - NIGHT 58
text: Charlie and Cam share a CARRIAGE RIDE in the beautiful town
text: outside of San Diego that is nestled in the Cuyamaca
dialog: Mountains.
text: But they aren’t seeing any of it, making out like two school-
text: kids in the back of the carriage. Charlie’s hands go for the
text: bra clasp. He fumbles around for what seems like an
dialog: eternity.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: First time?
text: Charlie is shivering almost imperceptibly. It’s unclear if
dialog: the cause is the crisp air or the moment.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: With you, it almost feels like it.
text: Her smile warms him.
text: With a mischievous grin, Cam takes her bra off under her
text: shirt. She holds it out for him.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I think you were looking for this.
text: Charlie is speechless. In the blink of an eye, he’s Woody
dialog: Allen.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So... you’re okay with... us... you
dialog: know... getting a little more...
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (frisky)
dialog: Do I need to provide written
dialog: instructions?
text: Charlie quickly turns to the driver of the carriage:
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Um... we'll be getting off here.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (sotto; suggestively)
dialog: Yes, you will.
text: The two love-birds stumble out of the coach and immediately
text: disappear into the nearby Cuyamaca park, already starting to
dialog: remove each other’s clothes.
text: RING. His cell phone goes off. It’s a DIFFERENT SOUNDING
dialog: RING this time...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This is not happening.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Turn it off.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s the emergency line. I’m
dialog: sorry.
text: (peeling her off of him)
dialog: I promise, I‘ll make it fast.
text: Charlie roots through his pants and finds the ringing cell
text: phone. He moves away to answer it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
text: Dr. Kagan speaking.
text: INTERCUT STU IN HIS APARTMENT.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Dude...
text: One word and Charlie already knows who it is.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This better be an emergency.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You're gonna want to hear this.
text: Charlie looks over to Cam who is now stretched out on some
text: rocks. Her hands aren’t waiting for Charlie to come back.
text: She enjoys giving him a show.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m hanging up now.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Wait. Have you boned her yet?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Goodbye.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Fine, if you wanna lose Cam
dialog: forever, hang up the phone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (taking the bait)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: That charm thing. Turns out it’s a
dialog: curse. I’m telling you, you shake
dialog: the sheets with Cam, she’s going to
dialog: Marry the next person she dates!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We both know that’s bullshit.
text: Twenty yards away, Cam moans.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (calling out; writhing)
dialog: I hope there’s some left for you
dialog: when you get back.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Yeah? Well I started calling your
text: exes to take the Hummer on a little
dialog: bush patrol, if you know what I
dialog: mean.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And they’re married. Every single
dialog: one you closed the deal with.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Impossible.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You'd think so, right? But you'd
dialog: be wrong! A to Z on your palm
dialog: pilot. Cathleen Alexander to
text: Jeannie Zokovitch. All married.
text: As he talks, Stu looks at the wedding announcements page in
dialog: the paper.
dialog: 59
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: Even Tracey! The nurse! The girl
dialog: you brought to Katie’s wedding?
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: She’s marrying the best man! The
dialog: guy right after you!
text: Charlie is speechless. Stu picks up a piece of paper from
text: his couch and dusts away the pizza crumbs.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: And did you see this month’s high
dialog: school newsletter. Kari Lizer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What? The girl I lost my virginity
dialog: to?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Did you see who she wound up
dialog: marrying? Bobby Romanus. That
dialog: douchebag she dumped you for.
text: Charlie is silent.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: Are you there?
text: Charlie turns back to see Cam standing on top of the rock,
text: TOTALLY NAKED and grinning ear to ear. She gives a playful
dialog: wave.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (sotto; into phone)
dialog: I hate you. I really, really hate
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. CAM'S APARTMENT - A LITTLE WHILE LATER 59
text: Charlie pulls up out front. A long, awkward moment. Cam
text: looks straight ahead, clearly too embarrassed to move.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Well... thanks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sorry. I should probably go.
dialog: Dental emergency and all.
text: Cam nods her head, disappointed and a little flustered.
dialog: 60
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ve never heard of somebody
text: cracking fourteen teeth before.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (caught; vamping)
dialog: Yeah... Freak industrial accident.
dialog: (quickly; off Cam’s
dialog: dubious look)
dialog: I should really go.
scene_heading: INT. CAM’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 60
text: Joe sits on the couch with a bong watching “Teletubbies” and
text: surrounded with bags of empty potato chips.
text: Beat. He giggles at the screen. Another beat.
text: A LOUD CRASH as a brick is thrown in the front window by the
text: door. A hand UNLOCKS the door. Cam enters and plops down on
text: the couch next to him, looking disappointed.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Forgot your keys again?
text: She nods, pulling her bra out of her pocket.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Didn’t know you were here.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (offering her a chip)
dialog: How’d your date go?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: It could have gone better.
dialog: (vexed)
dialog: He’s playing hard to get.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: How are you playing it?
speaker_heading: CAM
text: I dry-humped a hitching post in
text: front of him.
text: Cam sinks further into her chair and grabs the bag of Bugles.
dialog: 61
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: So, what’s the biggie? I thought
dialog: you weren’t into this guy.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Me either. It’s just... the way he
dialog: looks at me sometimes. When I’m
dialog: around him, I feel like we’re the
dialog: only ones there. You know?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I feel the same way around Mary.
dialog: Jane.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL SWIMMING POOL - THE NEXT DAY 61
dialog: 
text: Charlie and Stu walk past sun-tanning beauties and make their
text: way across the concrete-paved den of skin.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You really want to go through with
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (determined)
dialog: I’ve got to be sure.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: This is gonna get ugly.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I have to do it. I’ve got to put
dialog: the curse to the test.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (pointing)
text: She’s usually beached over there by
dialog: that diving board.
text: They start to walk toward the far side of the pool. They
text: approach three people on a towel -- wait a minute -- that’s
dialog: not three people -- it’s ONE!
speaker_heading: STU (cont’d)
text: There she is. Eleanor Skepple.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And she’s single?
dialog: (off Stu’s look)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: What? There’s somebody for
dialog: everybody.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: She’s here every day. Always ina
text: two piece. In addition to the back
dialog: acne, she’s got front acne and side
dialog: acne. See the glass of water by
dialog: her garbage bag of ding-dongs? She
dialog: keeps her teeth in that glass.
dialog: She’s grouchy, angry, rude, never
dialog: tips and has more chest hair than
dialog: Rin Tin Tin.
text: A beat as Charlie considers this.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is she my best bet?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Sink the soldier all you want,
dialog: there's no way this chick is
dialog: getting married. If she were the
dialog: last woman on Earth, humanity would
text: come to a screeching halt.
text: Charlie takes a deep breath, then bravely proceeds.
text: Charlie walks past a dozen HOT, HOT, HOT GIRLS in bikinis.
text: He stops by Eleanor Skepple. She glares up to him.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR SKEPPLE
dialog: Hey asshole, you’re in my sun.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hi. My name is Charlie. What’s
dialog: your name?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR SKEPPLE
dialog: Kate Moss. Now beat it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sorry, I was just wondering if
dialog: I could take you out tonight.
dialog: (nothing; beat)
dialog: What do you say to that?
text: Eleanor FARTS IN RESPONSE.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR SKEPPLE
dialog: Would you like me to elaborate?
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, I think I understand. I’m very
dialog: sorry to bother you.
text: Charlie starts to walk away, defeated. Then turns back.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: I’1l give you a hundred dollars to
dialog: go on a date with me.
text: She doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Two hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DEL CORONADO RESTAURANT - THAT EVENING 62
text: Eleanor and Charlie are on a date at the beautiful Hotel Del
text: Coronado. Eleanor eats a lobster. Charlie has a dozen shot
text: glasses in front of him -- half empty, half full.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR SKEPPLE
dialog: A lucky charm, huh?
text: He nods. Eleanor sucks the “green stuff” from her lobster.
text: Charlie throws back another shot, working up the courage.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR SKEPPLE (cont'd)
dialog: And you just gotta take me out for
dialog: dinner?
text: Charlie downs another two shots. Here goes nothing...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Well... I was kinda thinking we
dialog: could... get physical.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR SKEPPLE
dialog: Alright! I haven’t gotten any
dialog: action since my last gyno exam.
text: She flashes a hideous smile, green slime hanging from her
dialog: teeth. Shot. Shot. Shot.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S BATHROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT 63
text: Charlie is standing in his shower, scrubbing himself raw with
text: a soapy sponge. Thank God for JUMP CUTS.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 75.
text: He shuts off the water, breathing a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And now... we wait.
scene_heading: INT. CAM’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 64
text: Cam gets home and pushes the button on her answering machine.
scene_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE
dialog: You have one new message.
text: She smiles and pushes PLAY.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE’S VOICE (ON MACHINE)
dialog: Hey Cam, I hope you had a nice day
dialog: at work.
dialog: (cough, cough)
dialog: Listen. I’m sorry. But I’ve got
dialog: this cough I can’t seem to shake.
dialog: Think we can just talk tonight. On
dialog: the phone. I’d really, really like
dialog: that...
dialog: Cam smiles. She’d like that, too. As we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. MANY LOCATIONS - NIGHT/DAY 65
text: MUSIC UP: The EELS’ COVER OF THE RUTLES’ “I Must Be In
text: Love”. TIME LAPSE of Charlie and Cam on the phone together
text: as, separately, they watch T.V., cook dinner,
text: drive in the car, lounge around the house, and iSight with 66
dialog: each other online.
text: INTERCUT with this are shots from their personal lives. 67
text: Charlie continuing to work on patients, Cam in the Penguin
text: Habitat (at one point video-taping the birds for research).
text: We also see Charlie actively trying to make himself
text: “unavailable” to the many women who are still pursuing him.
text: We see him slipping on a wedding ring before welcoming female
text: clients into the office. He puts out a PHOTOSHOPPED picture
text: of himself with a UNKNOWN BRIDE in his office to make it look
text: like he’s already married. We even see him camouflaging his
text: appearance as he heads out to his car.
text: All the while he and Cam enjoy each other’s phone company. 68
text: laughing, smiling and most of all, happy.
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. STU’S OFFICE - THE NEXT DAY 69
text: Stu looks unhappier than we’ve ever seen him.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: No way. No way, man.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You gotta do it.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Yeah, right! So I go out with
dialog: Eleanor Skepple to test the curse
dialog: and what happens next? I’m walking
dialog: down the aisle with Shamu! I don’t
dialog: think so.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’‘1ll pay you.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: I don’t need your money. I’ve got
dialog: Mira Sorvino’s thigh fat. I’m
dialog: going to be a wealthy man.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Come on, there’s got to be
dialog: something I can offer you.
text: Stu thinks for a moment. An idea...
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S OFFICE - WAITING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 70
text: STU WALKS OUT FROM THE OFFICE. He wears a white jacket with
text: the name “Dr. Kagan” stitched onto the chest.
text: He turns to the half-dozen waiting women.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Hello, ladies... I’m Dr. Kagan.
dialog: Who's first?
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL SWIMMING POOL - LATER 71
text: Stu and Charlie stand by the shallow end. The diving board
text: in the distance. Stu screws up his courage and walks toward
dialog: Eleanor.
dialog: 72
dialog: 77.
text: Charlie’s P.O.V. -- from a distance, Charlie watches with
text: satisfaction as Stu chats it up with Eleanor.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S HOUSE/CAM’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - NIGHT 72
text: Charlie and Cam are on the phone. They each soak in a bubble-
text: bath. Completely pruned, it’s obvious that they have been
text: talking for hours.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I can’t believe you’re still sick.
dialog: How long has it been?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Almost two weeks. It’s killing me,
dialog: but I don’t want to infect you.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: At this point, I wouldn’t mind.
dialog: (girly giggle)
dialog: God, I feel like a kid again. I
dialog: haven’t talked to someone on the
dialog: phone this much since high school.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Which reminds me... what are you
dialog: doing for prom?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I love your voice. The crazy thing
dialog: is... I can’t picture you anymore.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m 6'2”, steely blue eyes,
text: washboard abs.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Can I ask you something... Are you
dialog: avoiding actually seeing me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What? Are you kidding me? I’m
dialog: dying to see you.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Come over. Right now. Wash my
dialog: back.
dialog: (silence)
dialog: I’ll wear a mask. We can both wear
dialog: masks. We'll play doctor.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, God, I want to so badly, but...
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: “But” nothing. I need to see you.
dialog: I need to see if that birthmark you
dialog: have really looks like Alfred
dialog: Hitchcock.
text: Charlie bites his tongue, not knowing what to say.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ’d)
dialog: Okay. If I can’t see you, maybe we
dialog: could at least take our phone
dialog: relationship to the next level.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What do you mean?
text: She puts on a SEXY VOICE.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Mmmm, yeah. Oh, yeah. Do you like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (out of character)
dialog: That’s my phone sex voice. Work
dialog: with me here.
dialog: (sexy again)
dialog: Sometimes when I’m out of
dialog: batteries, I like to use my
text: electric toothbrush.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Um, I don’t think this is a good
dialog: idea. We probably shouldn’t do
dialog: anything that feels like sex...
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: It’s just a little phone sex.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Eh, I don’t know if that’s against
dialog: the--
text: Charlie HEARS A BUZZING SOUND coming from the phone...
dialog: 73
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Ooops, other line. Gotta go.
text: He hurriedly clicks OFF THE PHONE. Frustrated.
text: The PHONE RINGS. He looks down at call waiting and quickly
text: picks it up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Stuey. Talk to me.
text: INTERCUT STU - who is placing a large grapefruit (with a
text: penis-sized hole in it) into the microwave.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: The deed is done. I went out with
dialog: Eleanor. And I’m not proposing to
dialog: her. So you’re in the clear.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Are you there?
text: REVEAL Charlie’s phone sitting on the edge of the bathtub, a
text: trail of water leading out the bathroom door. Gone!
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAM’S APARTMENT - A SHORT TIME LATER 73
text: Charlie is standing in front of Cam’s door. She opens it
text: wearing sweats, surprised to see him there.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm sorry I didn’t call. I
dialog: couldn’t wait.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: What happened to your cough?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (with a shrug)
dialog: Devine intervention. I guess God
dialog: just wants to see us have sex.
text: Cam smiles.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Well, I hate to disappoint.
dialog: 74
dialog: 80.
text: And with that, she pulls him inside...
scene_heading: INT. CAM'S BEDROOM - LATER 74
dialog: Yes, we've arrived at the requisite “love making” montage
text: between Charlie and Cam. MUSIC SWELLS as they start to make
dialog: love.
text: Halfway through the scene, we see Cam detach a VIDEO CAMERA
text: from its tripod and smile over to Charlie.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I think we need a well-documented
dialog: historical record of this
dialog: monumental occasion. How about
dialog: you?
text: Charlie nods like a puppy dog. Of course he’s game.
text: -- Our couple takes turns with the camera as the scene
dialog: continues to be beautifully shot and scored. Think “9 1/2
text: Weeks” meets “Red Shoe Diaries”. Back-lit. Primary colored
text: lights wash over their gorgeous bodies.
text: As the MUSIC FADES, we DISSOLVE to them in bed together.
text: Snuggled in a stop-the-hands-of-time embrace.
text: A poetic moment.
text: Then... both of them rise up quickly with excitement.
speaker_heading: CAM CHARLIE
dialog: I can’t wait any longer. Put in the tape. Put in the
dialog: tape.
text: Cam quickly attaches a cable to the T.V., jumps back into bed
text: with the remote and presses PLAY.
text: CLOSE ON THEIR FACES as they watch the screen. They each
text: simultaneously tilt their heads to the side, trying to
text: decipher the image.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ‘d)
dialog: Is that my nipple?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (shaking his head slowly)
text: I think it’s a pimple on my back.
text: After a moment, they both get a look of HORROR on their faces
text: and RUSH TO TURN OFF THE TAPE.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE CAM
dialog: Turn it off, good God, turn We’ve made a terrible
dialog: it off. mistake!
scene_heading: INT. CAM’S BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT 75
text: Cam sleeps peacefully. Charlie next to her, gazing at her
text: perfect face. Lit by the flicker of the television.
text: A gentle moment. Then...
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (without opening her eyes)
dialog: Stop looking at me. You’re
dialog: freakin’ me out.
text: Charlie smiles warmly and rolls over. On the T.V., a LOCAL
text: NEWS PROGRAM is on. The CHYRON reads: “OBESITY IN AMERICA”.
text: There are quick shots of FAT PEOPLE as a reporter talks to
text: the camera (the sound muted).
text: SUDDENLY, Charlie’s face fills with panic. He moves for the
text: TIVO remote and hits PAUSE.
scene_heading: REVERSE. BACK. BACK. BACK. STOP.
text: On the SCREEN -- a PAUSED IMAGE that is clearly ELEANOR
scene_heading: SKEPPLE -- KISSING A HEFTY MAN.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, my God!!!
scene_heading: INT. CAM’S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER 76
dialog: 
text: Charlie paces and whispers loudly into his phone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!
text: INTERCUT -- Stu picking up the phone in his bed.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (half-asleep)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (controlling his panic)
dialog: “The deed is done!” “The deed is
dialog: done!?!”
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: sTU
text: It’s five o’clock in the morning.
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The deed. I’m talking about the
dialog: deed. I thought you went out with
dialog: Eleanor Skepple.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Naw, I just said that.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What?!?
speaker_heading: CAM’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (from the other room)
dialog: Charlie? Is everything okay?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (shielding phone)
dialog: Everything’s fine, sweetie. I’1l
dialog: be back in a minute.
dialog: (into phone; incredulous)
dialog: You just “said that”?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: I didn’t want to risk it. Marrying
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I saw you with her! You asked her
dialog: out!!!
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: No. I asked her what time it was.
dialog: It was 3:52.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I can’t believe I trusted you. You
dialog: are no longer my friend.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Can I still pretend to be you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No. You can’t be me. I’mme. TI
dialog: never want to talk to you again.
dialog: Ever. Ever ever.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You're really going to let a girl
dialog: come between us?
dialog: 77
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Not a girl. The girl.
dialog: (then; definitively)
dialog: And now I’m going to lose her.
text: Charlie slams down the phone as his words hang in the air.
text: He takes a deep breath. Shakes his head sadly and
text: contemplates for a beat. The wheels start to turn in his
text: head. Sadness turns to anger which turns to steely resolve.
text: He starts to psych himself up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: (determined)
dialog: No. I’m not going to lose her.
text: PUSH INTO Charlie’s crazed eyes...
scene_heading: INT. CAM'S BEDROOM - LATER THAT MORNING 77
text: CLOSE ON Cam, who is sleeping soundly. A cup of coffee comes
text: into frame and is swirled about. A smile comes over her:
speaker_heading: CAM
text: Mmmm... breakfast in bed.
text: Her eyes open as we PULL OUT to REVEAL that it is TRULY
text: BREAKFAST IN BED. The entire bed is filled with food.
text: It looks like she woke up in the middle of the Bellagio
text: buffet in Vegas. Scrambled eggs, omelettes, fried eggs,
text: bacon, sausage, biscuits, toast, muffins, pancakes, waffles,
dialog: crepes, every imaginable kind of juice, etc.
text: cam is taken aback.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Am I supposed to eat my way out?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I just thought you’d like a little
dialog: breakfast.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (a little confused)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 78
dialog: 84.
text: She sits up (careful not to spill anything) and picks up a
text: piece of toast. She looks over to Charlie, who looks a
dialog: little tweaked.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont‘d)
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Couldn’t be happier. You okay?
text: Cam nods. She studies him for a moment.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You’re acting kind of strange.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m not acting strange.
text: He sits down on the edge of the bed, trying to look natural.
text: Cam just looks at him, “What the hell is going on?”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: So, what do you want to do today?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Well... I’ve got to go to work.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Right. Of course. Work. Me, too.
dialog: (then)
dialog: How about Saturday night? Or
dialog: Sunday? Say Wednesday?
text: Cam looks him over. What the hell?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Can we play it by ear?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MORNING 78
text: Stu and Charlie brave the morning traffic to walk to work.
text: Charlie dials his cell phone and waits for an answer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hey, Cam. How’s it going?
dialog: (then)
dialog: I just wanted to make sure I had
dialog: your right cell number. Got it.
dialog: No worries. Everything’s cool.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 79
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (INTO PHONE) (cont'd)
dialog: And I’m looking forward to Saturday
dialog: night. And Sunday. And Wednesday.
dialog: Okay, bye.
text: Charlie flips the phone off. Stu looks over to him, wanting
text: to say something, but doesn’t.
text: A beat later, Charlie flips the phone open again and dials.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (INTO PHONE) (cont’d)
dialog: (acting surprised)
dialog: Cam? Cam, is that you? Oh, my
dialog: God, I must have dialed you instead
dialog: by accident. I meant to call
dialog: the... library. How funny is that?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Right. Work. Of course. Okay,
dialog: bye.
text: Charlie flips his phone off. He and Stu continue to walk in
text: silence. Charlie opens the phone again and dials.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (INTO PHONE) (cont‘d)
dialog: Hey, guess who? Listen, I just
dialog: wanted to tell you that I won’t
dialog: call again. So, if you need or
dialog: want to talk to me, for whatever
dialog: reason, you’ll have to call me.
dialog: (then)
dialog: No problem. Okay, this is it. My
dialog: last... transmission. This call.
dialog: Here. Bye. Bye. Bye. B--
text: Before Charlie finishes saying “Bye” again, Stu rips the
text: phone out of his hand, drops it on the floor, and STOMPS ON
text: IT AGGRESSIVELY. The phone shatters into a million pieces.
text: After a beat, Stu continues walking.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You’re welcome.
scene_heading: INT. CAM’S WORK - PENGUIN HABITAT - AFTERNOON 79
text: Cam opens the door to her office to find the room FILLED WITH
text: A ZILLION FLOWERS. She wades through them to find a card.
dialog: It reads: “Miss you already, Charlie”.
text: A stoned Joe shuffles up behind her.
dialog: 80
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (flat)
dialog: Is there something different in
dialog: here since lunch?
text: Cam opens the closet to hang her jacket as HUNDREDS OF RED,
text: HELIUM BALLOONS ESCAPE FROM THE LITTLE ROOM AND FLOAT TO THE
speaker_heading: CEILING.
text: Every single one of them is shaped like a HEART.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (softly)
dialog: What the he--
text: There is a KNOCK ON THE DOOR. Cam goes to it. FOUR MEN IN
text: TUXES STAND AT THE DOOR.
text: One of them blows on a tuning harmonica and then, in perfect
text: harmony, they sing a barbershop quartet version of Beyonce's
dialog: “Crazy in Love”:
speaker_heading: SINGING QUARTET
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I look and stare so deep in your
dialog: eyes. I touch on you more and more
dialog: every time. When you leave I'm
dialog: beggin’ you not to go. Call your
dialog: name two, three times in a row.
dialog: (they start lame
dialog: choreography )
dialog: Got me lookin’ so crazy right now.
dialog: Your love's got me lookin’ so crazy
dialog: right now. Got me lookin’ so crazy
dialog: right now. Your touch's got me
dialog: lookin’ so crazy right now.
text: Joe and Cam just stare at the quartet in silence. Then...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hey -- you guys do Free Bird?!
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - SEA WORLD - LATER THAT DAY 80
text: Cam makes her way toward her car. As she approaches, she
text: slows, a look of dismay materializing on her face.
text: PIVOT to REVEAL Cam’s car. Tin cans are tied to the back
text: bumper and there are hearts and written in soap all over the
text: car. On the back window, a big sign reading: “ALMOST
speaker_heading: MARRIED".
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE HALLWAY - LATER 81
text: A ball of nerves, Charlie bursts out of his office door (we
text: see that his name-plate is missing for some reason).
text: He walks across the hallway to Stu’s office. As he opens the
text: door, he stops momentarily to notice that his own name plate
text: has been duct-tapped on top of Stu’s. Hmmmm.
scene_heading: INT. STU'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER 82
text: Charlie comes barging into Stu’s office. Stu is knee-deep
text: into some heavy-petting with a BLONDE.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (sweet talking)
dialog: If you were a hamburger at
dialog: McDonald's... I’d name you
dialog: McBeautiful.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stu. I need you. It’s important.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: (covering)
dialog: Hmmm? My name is Dr. Charlie
dialog: Kagan. I don’t know who this Stu
dialog: is that you speak of.
text: Charlie doesn’t want to waste any time. He takes out his
text: wallet and shows his DRIVER’S LICENSE to the blonde.
text: She immediately SLAPS STU and storms out of the office.
speaker_heading: STU (cont’d)
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: I’1l call you.
text: Charlie closes the door and locks it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I need your help.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: With what?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’ve been thinking. Cam is going
dialog: to fall in love and get married to
text: the next guy that she dates.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: (off Stu’s blank stare)
dialog: I’m going to be that guy.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You lost me at “hello”.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: You're a plastic surgeon. You're
dialog: going to completely change my face
dialog: to make me look like a different
dialog: person. Then I'll be the next
text: person she falls in love with.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Charlie, in the history of bad
dialog: ideas, that falls somewhere in
dialog: between New Coke and JFK saying
dialog: “let's take the convertible.”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So you’re not going to help me?
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Yes, by not rearranging your face.
dialog: (sitting him down)
dialog: Get a grip, man. There’s got to be
dialog: another way.
text: A long beat. Then, a look of enlightenment washes over
text: Charlie’s face.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why hadn’t I thought of it before?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (facetiously)
dialog: What? Time machine? Clone her?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’1l just follow her around and
dialog: keep her from meeting another guy.
text: Stu just stares at him. Then...
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: The plastic surgery was a better
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (unhinged)
dialog: I just have to buy myself some time
dialog: till I figure out how to reverse
dialog: the curse.
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. CAM’S APARTMENT - MORNING 83
text: A stake-out. Charlie has a donut and coffee in his car. He
text: sees Cam EXIT her apartment. Charlie ducks in his seat,
text: SPILLING his coffee on his lap. Ouch.
text: He watches as Cam gets into her car.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY 84
text: Cam driving down the highway at a healthy clip. SUDDENLY,
text: behind her, a POLICE CAR flashes its lights.
text: Cam’s car pulls over. Behind them, in the distance, we see
text: Charlie pulling over as well.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S CAR - CONTINUOUS 85
text: Charlie hovers down behind his steering wheel, spying.
text: CHARLIE’S P.O.V. -- we watch as a MUSCULAR POLICEMAN steps
text: out of his car.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: Oh, no. This isn’t good.
text: CHARLIE’S P.O.V. -- the strapping Officer strides toward
text: Cam’s car.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
text: It’s over. Game over. Party’s
dialog: over.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - CONTINUOUS 86
text: The Officer knocks on Cam’s window. She rolls it down.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: License and registration, please.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Yes, officer.
text: Cam hands the policeman her information.
text: SUDDENLY, FROM BEHIND, a car (Charlie’s car) COMES SCREAMING
text: PAST, HONKING ITS HORN AND BREAKING THE SOUND BARRIER.
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (screaming out the window)
dialog: PIG!!!!!
text: Without missing a beat, the Officer hands Cam back her
text: documents and rushes back to his car to take pursuit.
text: Cam looks at the speeding car with concerned confusion.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY JAIL - LATER 87
text: Charlie sits in a cell with a few drunk-and-disorderlies. A
text: guard approaches the cell.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Charles Kagan? You made bail.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTY JAIL - MOMENTS LATER 88
text: Charlie and Stu step out of the jail building and into the
scene_heading: POURING RAIN.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: So how’s the plan working out for
dialog: you so far?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (dispirited)
dialog: Thanks for bailing me out.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What are you up to tonight?
speaker_heading: STU
text: Masturbating.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Oh, and then I gotta go see my
dialog: cousin. He found out last week
text: that he’s got an inoperable tumor.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s horrible.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Yeah, he’s got like one week to
dialog: live.
dialog: 89
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's... perfect. He’s perfect
dialog: for her.
text: Stu stops in his tracks and stares at Charlie.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: No. No, no, no.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What’s the harm? He gets laid.
text: She falls in love. He’s dead
dialog: inside a week. I swoop in to
dialog: console her. Bim, bam, boom,
dialog: everybody’s happy.
text: Stu just shakes his head in disgust and starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: What hospital is he at?
dialog: (then)
dialog: What?! I just want to send
dialog: flowers.
text: Stu turns on him.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Charlie, snap out of it, okay? If
dialog: you love this girl, go tell her!
dialog: Live happily ever after. Just
dialog: avoid going nuts while you do it.
text: Charlie nods and mouths “Thank You” and starts away...
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: I doubt she’s had time to file a
dialog: restraining order.
scene_heading: INT. PENGUIN HABITAT - LATER 89
text: Charlie walks in and starts looking for Cam. He rides the
text: people-mover conveyer belt. Two penguins bat a balloon back
text: and forth, but Cam is nowhere to be found.
text: Charlie sees Joe in the tank, feeding the birds. He moves to
text: the glass and knocks. When Joe looks up, Charlie waves.
text: Joe approaches the window and points to a sign that reads:
dialog: “Please don’t knock on glass”. Joe goes back to work.
dialog: 92.
text: Charlie glances into the gift shop. Still no Cam. He sees a
text: book on the shelf with Howard’s big smiling mug on it. Ugh.
text: From out of his pocket, he pulls an ENGAGEMENT RING BOX. He
dialog: glances inside -- yup, just as we expected... an engagement
text: ring. Not good. He fingers it for a moment and then re-
text: pockets the box.
text: FINALLY, he sees Cam enter the far end of the Penguin Tank.
text: She’s wearing a DIVE SUIT.
text: TRIUMPHANT LOVE MUSIC SWELLS as Charlie runs toward the
text: window -- he is about to bang on the glass (in a total "The
text: Graduate” moment) when he remembers the sign “Please Don’t
text: Knock on Glass”.
dialog: BETTER IDEA!!!
text: Charlie sees a woman applying lipstick next to him. He takes
text: the lipstick out of her hand and jumps up on the PEOPLE-MOVER
text: HAND-RAIL. Leaning against the glass, he starts to write a
text: message in GIGANTIC LETTERS.
text: He walks along the moving rail, trying to keep his spot,
text: avoiding stepping on passing patrons, while he writes:
speaker_heading: “I LOVE U”
dialog: It’s a beautiful expression of love. The way every movie
dialog: should end.
text: FROM INSIDE THE TANK -- Joe and Cam look up at the crazy
dialog: lunatic.
text: Reading it in reverse, Charlie has written “UEVOLI”. Joe
text: cocks his head, confused.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Is that plural for uvula?
text: Charlie steps down from the rail, expecting the romantic
text: climax of two lovers jumping into one another’s arms.
text: Instead he gets TACKLED BY TWO PARK SECURITY GUARDS and
text: wrestled to the ground.
text: Cam and Joe run out to them to stop things before they
text: escalate.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Stop it! Stop it!!!
text: The Guards release Charlie, who dusts himself off.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont'd) (CONT'D)
dialog: Charlie, what the hell are you
dialog: doing?
text: He’s speechless.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Is this guy your friend?
text: Cam gives an embarrassed (hardly perceptible) nod.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Charlie, why have you been acting
dialog: sO... crazy?
text: Charlie is about to defend himself but looks around to see
text: the crowd gathered and realizes his behavior has no defense.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: All right, yes, I’ve been acting a
dialog: little crazy. But I have a
dialog: reasonable explanation.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Let me guess. You’re a lucky charm
dialog: and you’re afraid I might marry the
dialog: next person I date. So you're
dialog: acting like a nut-job trying to
dialog: keep me?
text: Charlie balks, too embarrassed to say, “exactly”. AN OLDER
text: WOMAN uses a moment of silence to approach.
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN
dialog: Hi, I’m sorry, I was eavesdropping.
dialog: Are you really Charlie Kagan, the
dialog: lucky charm? Because I was
dialog: wondering...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sorry, I can’t.
dialog: (sees Cam walking away)
dialog: Wait! Cam, please.
text: Charlie catches up to Cam (with Guards in tow).
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Listen, I think we should take a
dialog: break.
dialog: 90
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: “R break”? That’s code for you
dialog: don’t want to date me anymore.
text: Cam doesn’t say anything. An awkward moment.
dialog: Then, out of the blue...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (looking at the glass)
dialog: Hey, look... the plural for uvula
dialog: spells “I love you” backwards.
text: Charlie pulls away from the security guards and moves to Cam,
text: earnest and pleading. Here it is... the speech of the movie:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Listen to me. I love you. I’ve
dialog: loved you since the first moment I
dialog: saw you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: My entire life, I’ve been nothing
dialog: more than a stepping stone for
dialog: every relationship I’ve ever been
dialog: in. There’s always a “next guy”
dialog: who’s better than me. For once, I
dialog: want to be that next guy. For
dialog: once, I want to get the girl. And
dialog: I want that girl to be you.
text: A long beat. Then...
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I’m sorry, Charlie. You're just
dialog: not who I thought you were.
text: Cam turns and walks back into the Penguin Tank. She puts on
text: her mask and jumps into the water, disappearing from
dialog: Charlie’s life forever.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - LATE AFTERNOON 90
text: It’s raining. Pouring. We see Reba exiting the building,
text: brandishing an umbrella for protection.
text: She passes a couple of bums on the street (one huddled on a
text: bus stop bench). She stops and turns back, realizing...
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: Dr. Kagan?
dialog: 95.
text: Charlie looks up from the bench. He’s soaked and looking
dialog: miserable.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hi, Reba.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: I was calling you all day. Where
dialog: have you been?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (flat)
dialog: I decided to take the day off.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hey? Do you know if our office
dialog: building has roof access?
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: Things can't be that bad.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You know, I owe you a “thank you”.
dialog: I met a guy. He’s... wonderful. I
dialog: really think he’s the one.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: That’s great, Reba. Really. I’m
dialog: happy for you.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: You've done a good thing. You've
dialog: helped people find love.
text: This doesn’t seem to lift Charlie’s spirits. Reba puts her
text: umbrella over him and they sit in silence for a moment.
text: In front of them, a HOMELESS MAN wrapped in garbage bags
text: picks through a trash can looking for recyclables.
speaker_heading: REBA (cont’d)
dialog: Do you know how many women there
dialog: are out there? Waiting? For you?
dialog: (pointing to the downpour)
dialog: One for every raindrop.
text: The HOMELESS MAN drops a bottle. Charlie looks down as the
text: BOTTLE SPINS ON THE WET ASPHALT. The spinning takes on an
text: almost magical quality.
dialog: 91
dialog: 96.
text: It stops, pointing across the street. Charlie glances up to
text: see a GOTH-LOOKING GIRL standing at the bus stop (although a
text: different girl, she looks strikingly similar to our Goth Girl
text: from the opening make-out party). The girl gazes directly at
dialog: Charlie. Eerie.
text: We realize that Reba has been talking the entire time. About
dialog: what, we don’t know.
speaker_heading: REBA (cont’d)
dialog: Dr. Kagan? Are you all right?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (in a daze)
dialog: ..-fall like rain... I’m in pain...
dialog: Reba, it’s just like she said...
dialog: it’s raining. All around!
text: Reba looks him like he’s lost his marbles.
speaker_heading: REBA
dialog: That’s why... I’m holding... an
dialog: umbrella over you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (starting to focus)
dialog: No! Not rain. Love. Raining
dialog: love. But I’m in pain. See?
dialog: (searching for words)
dialog: “Once they've been with you...
dialog: they’1l find true...” Omigod!
text: Seeing things clearly for the first time, Charlie dashes off
text: in the rain. Reba sits alone on the bench, confused.
scene_heading: INT. CAM’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 91
text: Cam brushes the feathers of a sickly looking penguin.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (gently; to the bird)
dialog: I’m so sorry, little buddy.
text: Joe enters and sits down next to them.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What’s up with Jester?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: His girlfriend died.
dialog: (gently brushing him)
text: He stopped grooming himself.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 92
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont'd)
dialog: (disheartened)
dialog: This is the hardest part of this
dialog: job. Almost worst than losing one.
dialog: He’1l probably never try to find
dialog: someone to replace her.
text: Joe slides over and helps to pamper the poor little guy.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont‘d)
dialog: It’s heart-breaking, isn’t it? To
dialog: think that you can fit together
dialog: with someone so completely that
dialog: when they’re gone, there’s no one
text: to fill the empty space.
text: After a beat.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You should call him.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: He's changed. He’s crazy.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: To quote Beyoncé: “Your love's got
dialog: me lookin’ so crazy right now. Got
dialog: me lookin’ so crazy right now.
dialog: Your touch's got me lookin’ so
dialog: crazy right now.” Have I made my
dialog: point?
text: From the look on her face, he has.
scene_heading: INT. STU'S HOUSE - A LITTLE LATER 92
text: Charlie bursts in the front door without knocking.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (calling; while entering)
dialog: Stu! I got it!!! I need to Google
dialog: some-—
text: Charlie immediately EXITS as quickly as he entered. He
text: stands outside, trying to shake an image.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Stu... That’s disgusting.
speaker_heading: STU‘S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What? I told you I was gonna be
text: masturbating.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But... That’s disgusting.
speaker_heading: STU’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, it’s a known fact that
dialog: stimulation of the prost--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Get dressed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And wash your hands.
scene_heading: 93 INT. CHARLIE’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER 93
text: Charlie drives. Stu navigates.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: A hex? She put a hex on you? I
dialog: have no recollection of this event
dialog: whatsoever. How old were we?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know. Ten. Eleven. It
dialog: doesn’t matter. What matters is
dialog: that I’m hexed.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: (convinced Chuck is nuts)
dialog: Okay, I think I should be driving.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (ignoring him; excited)
dialog: Don’t you remember? Black
dialog: lipstick. Long fingernails. Total
dialog: freak. She wanted to see my penis
dialog: and I wouldn’t show it to her so
dialog: she pulled my nipples and put a hex
dialog: on me.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Dude, did you forget to pay your
dialog: brain bill?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Only she can break the spell.
text: Stu glances at the Mapquest print-out:
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: This is the address. Stop the car.
dialog: Stop the car!
dialog: 94
dialog: 99.
text: Charlie pulls the car over. He stares at the house.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How do you think I get her to break
dialog: the spell?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: I don’t know. She wanted to see
dialog: your penis...
text: Charlie gets out of the car and starts toward the house.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: (suddenly worried)
dialog: Um... that was a joke?
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN NEIGHBORHOOD - CONTINUOUS 94
text: Charlie walks to the front door and KNOCKS.
scene_heading: A LITTLE 5-YEAR-OLD GIRL ANSWERS.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hi, is your mother home?
text: The little girl just stares at him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Is your mother’s name Anisha?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: What’s with the fifty questions?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That was only two questions.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: It’s a hyperbole.
text: From behind the little girl, a woman comes to the door. She
text: is dressed in a flower-print dress, looking more like Laura
text: Ashley than Marilyn Manson. Charlie is taken aback.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh... hi... I think I have the
dialog: wrong...
dialog: (then; turning)
dialog: Sorry to bother you.
dialog: 100.
text: She shrugs and starts to close the door. At the last moment,
text: Charlie stops the door from closing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Are you Anisha Carter?
speaker_heading: ANISHA
dialog: (the answer clearly “yes”)
dialog: Do I know you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m Charlie Kagan.
text: He looks at her for some sign of recognition. None comes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: I know this is going to sound
dialog: crazy, but when we were kids, you
dialog: put a hex on me so that all my
dialog: girlfriends would fall in love with
dialog: somebody else. And I need you to
dialog: reverse the spell. Am I making any
dialog: sense?
text: Without saying anything, Anisha cautiously reaches up to a
text: shelf by her door and pulls down a can of mace.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: Apparently not.
text: Charlie looks down at the little girl. She wears the
text: identical Wicca pentagram necklace originally worn by Anisha
text: as a little girl.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: That was yours, wasn’t it?
dialog: (to the girl)
dialog: Is your mommy’s name Anisha?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: (emotionless)
dialog: You gonna mace him, Mom?!?
text: Charlie gives the girl a look. Anisha head-motions to her
text: daughter, who reluctantly heads back inside. Shucks!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay, see, the problem is that
dialog: we're at an impasse here. I know
dialog: you know what I’m talking about but
dialog: you aren't talking. And I need to
dialog: know how to break the hex. This is
dialog: my life we're talking about.
dialog: 95
dialog: 101.
text: Anisha is still silent.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: What can I do to convince you?
text: AT THE CAR -- Stu watches the scene with bemused fascination.
text: STU'S P.O.V. -- SUDDENLY, without warning, Charlie DROPS HIS
speaker_heading: PANTS.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY JAIL CELL - LATER 95
text: Charlie is once again behind bars. He sits next to RUPERT, a
text: 400 POUND SHAVED-BALD INMATE (with soft eyes) who hangs on
dialog: his every word.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: This sucks! That’s right! I said
dialog: it! Do you know why I’m in here?
dialog: Do you know why?
text: Rupert shrugs, answering in an unusually feminine voice.
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: (wild stab)
text: Aggravated assault with a deadly
dialog: weapon?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Love. Love, Rupert. I’m here
dialog: because of love. Everybody else is
dialog: finding love, but what about me?
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: You deserve love.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, I do. And do I deserve to be
dialog: in here?
dialog: (Rupert shakes his head)
dialog: Exactly! Indecent exposure, my
dialog: ass! You tell me, what could
dialog: possibly be indecent about trying
dialog: to hold onto the only love of your
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: Nothing. That’s not indecent.
dialog: 96
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (on a roll)
dialog: Lucky Charm. They call me a “lucky
dialog: charm!” But I’m not lucky. I’m so
dialog: incredibly UN-lucky! Sure, it’s
dialog: lucky for everybody else that if
dialog: you have sex with me you find true
dialog: love... but I’m miserable!
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: We all need love.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (getting emotional)
dialog: Am I holding on too tight? Is that
dialog: the problem? To happiness. To
dialog: passion. To love.
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: My mother told me once, if you love
dialog: something, set it free.
text: Charlie nods his head, letting the words sink in.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thank you, Rupert. Those are
dialog: lovely words. Really... lovely
dialog: words.
text: A beat. Then RUPERT leans in and provocatively says:
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: Now... how does this lucky charm
dialog: work exactly? What do we have to
dialog: do?
text: Charlie’s jaw drops. He glances around the cell -- all eyes
dialog: on him. Oh, shit!
speaker_heading: PRISON OFFICER
dialog: Charles Kagan! You made bail.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTY JAIL - MOMENTS LATER 96
text: Charlie stands on the steps of the jailhouse. In front of
text: him is the BUTCH FEMALE POLICE OFFICER from earlier.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Seriously, thank you. Five more
dialog: seconds, and...I don’t know how to
dialog: thank you...
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: BUTCH POLICE OFFICER
dialog: You already did. You helped me
dialog: find the love of my life.
text: The Butch Officer grabs the hand of her FEMALE “PARTNER”
text: standing next to her. Charlie smiles and joins Stu at the
text: bottom of the steps. They walk toward Charlie’s car.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: So, what’s the plan now? Let me
dialog: guess, we time travel to 2097 and
text: track down Cam’s reincarnated soul,
dialog: drag her back into our world, and
dialog: hope she falls in love with you?
dialog: Or is it something involving the
dialog: gravitational pull of the Earth?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stu, I saw things clearly for the
dialog: first time in that cell. I
dialog: realized that my whole life has
dialog: been spent protecting myself
dialog: against love. Closing off my
dialog: heart. When I should have been
text: opening it.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: What about Cam? You opened it for
dialog: Cam.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No, see, I didn’t. What was the
dialog: first thing I did when I realized
dialog: that I might lose her? I went
dialog: Chicken Little. I was so scared
dialog: about the future that I totally
dialog: ignored the present. I was so
dialog: concerned about the next guy that I
dialog: completely ignored this guy. I was
dialog: so worried about losing my soulmate
dialog: that I lost view of the fact that
dialog: if I lose Cam, she isn’t my soul-
dialog: mate to begin with.
dialog: (then)
dialog: If you love something, set it free.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Are you done?
dialog: (Charlie nods)
dialog: I’m going home.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: Bailing you out of jail every
dialog: fifteen minutes has seriously eaten
dialog: into my masturbation time.
text: But Stu’s disposition can’t dampen Charlie’s new resolve.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S HOUSE - LATER 97
text: SWELLLING MUSIC UP as Charlie picks up his phone and dials.
text: We REVEAL that he holds a book on Penguins, written by...
scene_heading: HOWARD BLAINE.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hi, I’m trying to find a Howard
dialog: Blaine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hi. Howard. We’ve, um, never met.
dialog: But I have a friend that you need
dialog: to... meet.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCKS - LATER 98
text: BITTERSWEET MUSIC CONTINUES as we watch Cam hustle down the
text: street toward a COFFEE SHOP. She checks her watch and looks
text: around the place.
text: She approaches someone sitting with his back toward her.
text: When the man turns, we REVEAL that it’s Howard, who greets
text: her with a hug. She sits with a warm smile.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - CONTINUOUS 99
text: CLOSE ON CAM -- sitting on the lush grass. She’s laughing.
text: Having a nice time talking to Howard.
text: They laugh some more...
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - LATER 100
text: The MUSIC CONTINUES as Howard and Cam have dinner at a fancy
text: restaurant on the water. More conversation. More bonding.
text: Howard knocks over his glass of water. Cam bursts out
text: laughing. These two are perfect for each other.
dialog: lol
dialog: 102
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: INT. PENGUIN HABITAT - LATER 101
text: Cam and Howard are in the Habitat tank. Howard plays with
text: the penguins as Cam proudly shows off her flat-footed
text: friends, video-taping their antics with her camera.
text: AT THE FAR END OF THE HABITAT, we see Charlie in the
text: distance, coming around the bend on the PEOPLE MOVER.
text: He sees Cam talking to Howard in the tank. He nods his head,
text: trying to be happy for her. But that emotion is quickly
text: followed by dysphoria as he starts to walk backwards on the
text: mover -- hoping they won’t see him. He walks against the
text: grain and toward the entrance again, bumping into a RED-
text: HEADED WOMAN as he goes.
text: The MUSIC FADES as he slowly turns and walks out of the
dialog: park...
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 102
text: The room is DARK AND GLOOMY. Shutters closed. It feels like
text: a morgue. Charlie sits on the couch. In a robe. Eyes open.
dialog: He could be dead.
text: SUDDENLY, light streams in the door as Stu bursts in. He
text: starts talking immediately.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: I’m getting married!!!
text: Charlie doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: STU (cont'd)
dialog: I found my dream-girl, dude, and I
dialog: just proposed and it’s all because
dialog: of you.
dialog: (calling outside)
dialog: Lara? Come on in.
text: A moment later, the TREMENDOUSLY STACKED AND PACKED TANK-TOP
text: GIRL (the one who, earlier, wouldn’t take her top off for
text: Charlie) steps in the room.
text: Charlie is obviously surprised to see her (and the huge rock
text: on her finger).
speaker_heading: STU (cont’d)
text: Lara stepped out of heaven and into
dialog: my office to correct a “condition”.
dialog: She’s got Polymastia.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: STU (cont’d)
dialog: (off Charlie’s blank look)
dialog: More than two boobs. You wanna
dialog: see?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, no-no-no--
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: It’s okay. I mean, if you want.
dialog: (a weight lifted)
dialog: I used to be embarrassed until stu
dialog: made me realize how special I was.
text: Without waiting for Charlie’s consent, Lara lifts her shirt.
text: Although we don’t see the boobs (unfortunately, we see the
text: scene from behind her), we DO see Charlie’s reaction.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Is that, or is that not, the most
dialog: beautiful sight you’ve ever seen?
dialog: It’s like seeing the Grand Canyon
dialog: for the first time, like seeing
dialog: Earth from space, like seeing the
dialog: Olsen Twins make out with each
dialog: other.
text: Lara puts down her shirt and Stu baby-kisses her a couple of
text: times, getting lovey-dovey. Charlie smiles meekly.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m happy for you, buddy.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: But that’s not the reason we came.
dialog: (then; changing subjects)
dialog: You know, it smells like cheese in
dialog: here. Gouda, maybe? You might
dialog: want to open a window.
dialog: (to Lara; back on point)
dialog: Okay, tell him, baby.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: I’m friends with Katie and she told
dialog: me that Cam Wexler--
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: --Cam, Cameron, your Cam--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (nodding; curt)
dialog: I know who she is.
dialog: 103
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Anyway, Katie said that Cam said
dialog: that she’s leaving for Antarctica
dialog: with some penguin guru.
text: A beat as Charlie takes this in. Calmly...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s good. I’m happy for her.
text: Stu stares at Charlie, waiting for him to come to his senses.
text: Over the course of 30 seconds, we watch as Charlie goes
text: through all 7 stages of grief. Then, common sense finally
text: kicks in.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: What the fuck am I doing?!?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: That's what I’m saying to you!
text: CHARLIE SPEEDILY STARTS GETTING DRESSED.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MOMENTS LATER 103
text: Charlie drives up to a stoplight, cell phone to his ear. On
text: the seat next to him is ENGAGEMENT RING BOX from earlier.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Joe, you're not listening to me. I
dialog: need to know where Cam is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Your sister.
text: The signal is taking too long -- Charlie hops out of the car,
text: runs over to PRESS THE PEDESTRIAN SIGNAL to hurry the light
text: change up. Still on the phone:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont'd)
dialog: Joe, I need you to focus for a
dialog: moment. This is important!
dialog: (then; quickly)
dialog: What time? What airline? What
dialog: flight?
dialog: (beat; then annoyed)
dialog: Cam! Your sister.
text: The light still hasn’t changed. There hasn’t been one car in
text: the road since he stopped. Charlie YELLS in frustration. He
text: hangs up the phone and looks both ways.
text: Not a car in sight. The light still red.
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 108.
text: Charlie GUNS IT across the street.
text: Three seconds later, a whirring light and siren behind him.
text: He looks into the rearview -- a COP. Shit! He pulls over.
text: OUT OF THE POLICE CAR steps the SAME POLICE OFFICER WHO
text: RECENTLY SENT HIM TO JAIL.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - A LITTLE WHILE LATER 104
text: Charlie is on the phone again, speeding along the freeway.
text: On the seat next to him is the engagement ring box AND A
text: NEWLY WRITTEN TRAFFIC TICKET.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (INTO PHONE)
dialog: That’s good enough. I mean, how
dialog: many flights could there be to
dialog: Antarctica? Thank you! I just
dialog: might make it.
text: Behind him, a siren and lights. He pulls over.
text: Charlie sinks in his seat.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - MOMENTS LATER 105
text: Charlie is speeding along the freeway AGAIN. On the seat
text: next to him is the engagement ring box AND A NEWLY WRITTEN
text: SPEEDING TICKET to go along with the traffic ticket.
text: SUDDENLY, a siren and lights. He pulls over AGAIN.
text: OUT OF THE POLICE CAR steps the SAME OFFICER WHO WROTE HIM A
text: SPEEDING TICKET 8 lines ago.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - MOMENTS LATER 106
text: Charlie is driving SLOWLY and CAUTIOUSLY down the freeway.
text: The POLICE CAR follows behind him, waiting for any law-
dialog: breaking.
text: Charlie sees an EXIT for the BEACH. Using BOTH HIS BLINKER-
text: SIGNAL AND A HAND-SIGNAL TO TURN OFF the freeway, he takes
text: the exit. Where is he going? What the hell?
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH ACCESS - CONTINUOUS 107
text: Charlie walks out to a rocky inlet of the ocean. The water
text: breaks upon the rocks dramatically. Charlie walks out into
dialog: the sand. Double what the hell?
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT - A SHORT TIME LATER 108
text: Charlie PULLS UP to the terminal and darts toward the door.
text: A TRAFFIC COP YELLS FOR HIM TO STOP but Charlie runs inside
dialog: the building.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT TERMINAL - CONTINUOUS 109
text: Charlie approaches the ticket counter.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Has the flight to Antarctica
dialog: boarded yet?
speaker_heading: AIR ATTENDANT
dialog: Which one? There are two.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Has the one with a passenger named
dialog: Cam Wexler boarded yet?
speaker_heading: AIR ATTENDANT
dialog: I’m sorry, sir, I can’t give you
dialog: that information.
text: Charlie starts to move toward the gate...
speaker_heading: AIR ATTENDANT (cont‘d)
dialog: Sir, you won’t be able to go the
text: gate without a ticket.
text: Charlie takes out his wallet.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'd like a ticket to Antarctica.
dialog: Actually, I'd like two tickets to
text: Antarctica. One on each plane.
speaker_heading: AIR ATTENDANT
dialog: There are only first class tickets
dialog: available, sir.
dialog: 110
dialog: lil
dialog: 112
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: Of course there are.
text: The Air Attendant starts typing on the computer. Charlie
text: looks on anxiously.
text: He glances outside to see his CAR BEING TOWED AWAY.
speaker_heading: AIR ATTENDANT
dialog: Are you travelling with any
dialog: baggage?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: AIR ATTENDANT
dialog: You do realize that it’s negative
dialog: sixty degrees?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Please. Hurry.
text: She nods and prints out the tickets.
speaker_heading: AIR ATTENDANT
dialog: That will be seventeen thousand,
dialog: four hundred and twelve dollars.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - SECURITY - MOMENTS LATER 110
text: Charlie passes through security. They make him take off his
text: shoes. His belt. They scan him down with the hand-held wand
dialog: just to make it go a little slower.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - GATE - MOMENTS LATER 111
text: Charlie makes his way onto the first plane, just boarding.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE - CONTINUOUS 112
text: He walks through the plane, side-stepping boarding passengers
text: wearing parkas and carrying heavy winter coats.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Cam? cCam!?!
dialog: No Cam.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - GATE - CONTINUOUS 113
text: From the other side of the terminal, Charlie sees Cam
text: boarding the other flight.
text: He RUSHES OVER, giving his second ticket to the STEWARDESS.
scene_heading: INT. THIRD PLANE - CONTINUOUS 114
text: Cam finds her seat. She is about to put her carry-on into
text: the overhead compartment.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE’S VOICE
dialog: Here, let me help you with that.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Thank you.
text: She turns, surprised, to see Charlie standing next to her.
dialog: Charlie's
speaker_heading: CAM (cont ’d)
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m sorry. Don’t be mad.
dialog: (to Howard, sitting in the
dialog: center seat)
dialog: Antarctica? You couldn’t just take
dialog: in a movie?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Cam, I know it seems a little crazy
dialog: that I’ve showed up here but I have
dialog: to tell you in all honesty that it
dialog: felt even crazier NOT to show up.
dialog: (on a roll)
dialog: It’s just that when you find the
dialog: right person, it feels wrong to
dialog: fight it.
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Oh, God, this was a bad idea,
dialog: wasn’t it? I mean, you’re going
dialog: away with... Howard.
text: face drops, giving in to the inevitable.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Charlie, have you met Howard's
dialog: wife, Marilyn.
text: The red-headed MARILYN sits at the window. She looks up and
text: smiles politely. Charlie stands there, shocked.
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 112.
text: WE SEE A FLASHBACK WIPE -- (a la “Sixth Sense”, we get to see
text: the scenes as they REALLY were).
text: CAM AT THE PARK WITH HOWARD. The camera PULLS back a little
text: further than before to REVEAL that sitting next to them was
text: Marilyn, enjoying the conversation.
text: CAM AT THE RESTAURANT WITH HOWARD. The camera DOLLIES OVHH fa
text: little to REVEAL Marilyn was also there. Howard spills his
text: drink again and they all laugh.
text: CAM AND HOWARD IN THE PENGUIN TANK. We see Charlie backindg7
text: off the People Mover. He BUMPS INTO the red-headed Marilyn
text: as he makes his way out of the park.
scene_heading: BACK TO THE PRESENT --— 118
text: Charlie realizes he’s made an awful, awful mistake.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, wow. I um... I had to see you.
dialog: I couldn’t let you go to Antarctica
dialog: without seeing you again.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: But I’1l be back on Wednesday.
text: A long beat. A very long beat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So, maybe I‘1l call you on
dialog: Thursday.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Or Friday. Better yet, why don’t
dialog: you call me?
text: Cam moves closer to him.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Howard told me about your call.
text: Charlie braces himself for the slap.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont'd)
dialog: That was the nicest thing anyone
dialog: has ever said about me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So I embellished a little bit.
dialog: (off her smile)
dialog: A lot. I embellished a lot. What
dialog: can I say, you’re a tough sell.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: If you wanted me so badly, why did
dialog: you work so hard to get Howard to
dialog: meet me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Mate selection is up to the female.
dialog: I thought I’d give the other birds
dialog: a chance.
dialog: (then; with a shrug)
dialog: I knew you wanted to meet him. I
dialog: knew it would make you happy.
text: She smiles and kisses him lightly on the cheek.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (cont’d)
dialog: So... you forgive me for acting
dialog: crazy?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Not even a little bit.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But I’m willing to wipe the slate
dialog: clean. Start from square one.
dialog: Before square one.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’ll pretend that I don’t know you
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: And I’1l pretend that I don’t like
dialog: you again.
text: Charlie looks over to Howard who is holding hands with his
dialog: wife.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He’s married?
dialog: (she nods; excited)
dialog: That makes it even better that I
dialog: called him!
text: She smiles at his off-center sense of humor.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Listen, when I get back, no more
dialog: flowers, or balloons, or telegrams,
dialog: or... monkey-grams...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I promise.
dialog: 119
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: And when I trip over myself, I
dialog: expect you to still laugh at me.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I won't just laugh, I’1l point.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: So, I'll see you when I get back.
text: A FEMALE PASSENGER sitting two rows back pipes up.
speaker_heading: FEMALE PASSENGER
dialog: Excuse me, aren’t you Charlie Ka--
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Can it. He’s mine.
text: And with that, she gives him a kiss that literally changes
text: the cabin’s air pressure. They pull apart. Charlie is about
dialog: to leave, but...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh, I almost forgot.
text: He hands her the ENGAGEMENT BOX. She looks down at it,
text: worried -- he's acting crazy again already.
text: Without another word, Charlie EXITS the plane.
text: Slowly, suspiciously, Cam opens the box.
text: INSIDE -- is a PEBBLE. A tiny, perfect stone.
text: She smiles.
scene_heading: INT. CHILD'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 119
text: (Ex-Goth Girl) Anisha Carter kisses her daughter good night.
text: She walks toward her room as we hear the following in V.0O.:
speaker_heading: CAM (V.O.)
dialog: I promise to sleep by your side, to
dialog: warm your body and heart, and to
dialog: nurture your soul. I promise to
dialog: laugh with you when times are good,
dialog: and suffer with you when they are
dialog: bad...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 120
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CAM (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: and most of all, I promise never to
dialog: make you live off your own fat.
text: We follow Anisha into her bedroom. She OPENS a SECRET ROOM
text: in the back of her closet to REVEAL (to our surprise) a vast
text: assortment of WITCHCRAFT PARAPHERNALIA. We continue to hear
dialog: the vows...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S8.)
dialog: I promise to be your Gentoo. I
dialog: will wash your tears away with my
dialog: kisses and never let you stray too
dialog: far away from my soul. I promise
dialog: to be your safe haven in this life,
dialog: to never take you for granted, but
dialog: to always give you your space...
dialog: especially if you're tripping or
dialog: walking into doors. I love you.
text: As the vows come to a close, Anisha gently pulls an old
text: elementary school photograph of Charlie out of an alter-like
text: shrine (complete with a home-made heart with a pin through
text: it, a cup with musty rain water and many “lucky” items, such
text: as a horseshoe, a rabbit’s foot, a four-leaf clover, etc.).
text: With a satisfied smile, she starts to disassemble the shrine.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA WORLD - NIGHT 120
text: We hear PARTY MUSIC as the CAMERA TRACKS into the DOLPHIN
text: TANK EXHIBIT. As we round the corner we see hundreds of
text: penguins waddling around in little iced cubicles, each
text: wearing their natural black-and-white tuxedos.
text: TILT UP to see hundreds of WEDDING GUESTS.
text: The Dolphin Tank has been covered over with a glass dance-
text: floor so that the exquisite animals swim underneath the
text: partying people. It’s unbelievably beautiful.
dialog: The gang is all here -- and just about everybody is with
text: someone they love. Reba with her new guy, Carol with hers.
text: Stacey, Katie, Nicole, Pleasure, Howard with Marilyn, Joe
text: (wearing a HEMP TUX), and even Eleanor Skepple (all with
dialog: their mates).
text: We finally come upon Stu, his arm around Lara who sports a
text: modified bridesmaid dress (altered to make room for her third
text: boob). Stu looks with adoration at his new bride, uttering
text: what is perhaps his only truly sincere line in the film.
dialog: 121
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: sTU
dialog: Do you have any idea how much I
dialog: love you?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: (answering with a callback
dialog: of Stu’s earlier line)
dialog: Do bridesmaids give head in the
dialog: coat room?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: I don’t know. Do they?
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: Why don’t we go find out...?
text: They make a quick exit toward the foyer, passing Cam and
text: Charlie who are taking the floor for their “first dance”.
text: Charlie spins Cam, who trips on her train, stumbling back.
text: She grabs a hold of Charlie to keep herself from falling but
text: only manages to take him with her as they both FALL BACKWARDS
text: INTO THE MASSIVE FOUR-TIERED BEAUTIFULLY ORNATE WEDDING CARE.
text: The couple clean themselves off as all the SINGLE WOMEN
text: gather at the edge of the dance floor for the throwing of the
dialog: bouquet.
text: Cam HEAVES the flowers over her shoulder. A more than able-
text: bodied throw. We watch as the women surge back to grab the
text: flying floral arrangement.
dialog: Back... back... and...
text: INTO THE WATER BEHIND THEM. As half the wedding party trips
text: and SPLASHES into the WHALE TANK, Cam looks back to Charlie,
dialog: embarrassed ("OOPS"), aS we...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
text: AS THE CREDITS ROLL, WE...
scene_heading: FADE BACK IN:
dialog: SUPER: “One Year Later”
scene_heading: EXT. ANTARCTICA - SUNSET 121
text: A stunningly beautiful shot of Cam and Charlie enjoying the
text: once-in-a-year sunset together in the snows of Antarctica.
dialog: 122
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE AND CAM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 122
text: Stu rifling through Charlie’s dresser drawer. Lara is
text: sitting topless on the bed showing off the most perfect set
text: of three breasts imaginable. They are mesmerizing -- as she
text: Moves, they bounce and sway. (NOTE: these aren’t “TOTAL
text: RECALL” cheesy-looking triple-nipples, we’re talking ILM’s
dialog: finest.)
speaker_heading: LARA
dialog: What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Sex tapes. Why bother house-
dialog: sitting if you can’t scope out some
dialog: good old-fashioned home-made porn.
text: Suddenly -- Ah-haiii Stu pulls out an unmarked DV tape
text: safely tucked into an old tube sock.
text: He puts the tape into the machine -- all smiles and presses
speaker_heading: PLAY.
text: ON THE SCREEN -- we see Cam and Charlie’s home-made sex tape.
scene_heading: (SCREENWRITER’S NOTE: I don’t know if you’ve ever videotaped
dialog: yourself having sex, but let me tell you from experience, it
dialog: isn’t pretty. Most home-made tapes fall into the genre of
dialog: “Porn-Horror”).
text: As the credits continue to roll, we see out-of-focus shots
text: and incredibly embarrassing moments from Cam and Charlie’s
text: “magical” night. The beautifully shot “movie” version was
dialog: nothing close to what really happened. Some of the moments
dialog: include:
text: -- Having forgotten it was laundry day, Cam realizes (too
text: late) that she is wearing her “Granny panties”.
text: -- At Cam’s urging, Charlie tries to “talk nasty” but has a
dialog: hard time getting the hang of it (ie. “Ooo, yeah, bounce your
text: boobs like a... bouncy... hippity hop... Wait, can I start
dialog: over again?”)
dialog: -- “Whoah, whoah, whoah... wrong hole.”
text: -- Charlie trying to blame the “squeaky bed” for what was
text: unquestionably flatulence.
text: -- While reaching for lubrication (which spills EVERYWHERE
text: and makes it difficult to hold the camera), Charlie discovers
text: Cam’s stash of a zillion sex toys.
dialog: 118.
text: -- We see some CLOSE UP FOOTAGE of Cam and Charlie having sex
text: (we hear them groaning in the background) that could easily
text: be footage of INTESTINAL SURGERY on the Discovery Channel.
text: When we CUTAWAY to see Lara and Stu watching, they look to be
text: on the verge of getting sick.
text: -- Back on the tape, we see Charlie crying after the first
text: round of sex, taken with emotion. Sad and pathetic.
text: -- Round two: Charlie tries “talking nasty” again. With
dialog: even less luck. “Oh, yeah, do me like... like... a thing
dialog: that you do... that you really like... when you do it. Uh-
dialog: huh. Do me sort of like that. Okay, I give up.”
text: -- For the final shot, the camera is CLOSE on Charlie. It’s
text: clear that Cam is on top of him and they are grinding
text: passionately. We hear her orgasming, and as she does, she
text: DROPS THE CAMERA -- it SMACKS CHARLIE IN THE FACE. Ouch.
text: The image FUTZES OUT, as we go...
speaker_heading: BLACK:
dialog: 
