speaker_heading: Rev. 06/28/89 (Blue)
speaker_heading: Rev. 09/08/89 (Pink)
speaker_heading: GOOD FELLAS
dialog: Written by
dialog: Nicholas Pileggi
dialog: and
dialog: Martin Scorsese
dialog: Based on the book by Nicholas Pileggi
speaker_heading: REVISED DRAFT
dialog: January 12, 1989
scene_heading: WARUER BROS. INC. © 1989
scene_heading: 4000 Yarner Boulevard WARNER BROS. INC.
dialog: Burbaak, California 91522 All Rights Reserved
scene_heading: JUNE 11, 1970: QUEENS, NEW YORK.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE - NIGHT
text: A smoky, overdecorated cocktail lounge and nightclub on
text: Queens Boulevard. Sergio Franchi is in full voice on the
text: JUKEBOX. It is after midnight. It has been a long
text: night. Balloons and empty glasses litter the place.
text: BILLY BATTS, a 50-year-old hood in an out-of-date suit,
text: holding court at the bar. We see a younger, more
text: sharply-dressed HOOD walk in with a beehive girl friend
dialog: and hug Batts.
speaker_heading: HOOD
dialog: -Billy. You look beautiful.
dialog: Welcome home.
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: (laughing and turn-
dialog: ing to the
dialog: bartender)
dialog: What are you having? Give
dialog: what they're drinking.
dialog: ‘em
text: We see four other men, including HENRY HILL and JAMES
text: CONWAY, standing near Billy Batts at the bar, raise their
text: glasses in salute. TOMMY DEVITO and ancther beehive
text: blonde enter. Billy Batts looks up and sees Tommy.
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: Hey, look at him. Tommy. You
dialog: grew up.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (preening a little)
dialog: Billy, how are you?
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: (smiling broadly at
dialog: Tommy and the girl)
dialog: Son of a bitch. Get over here.
text: Tommy walks over and Billy, too aggressively, grabs Tommy
text: around the neck. Tommy doesn't like it.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (forcing a laugh)
dialog: Hey, Billy. Watch the suit.
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: (squeezing Tommy's
dialog: cheek, a little too
dialog: hard)
dialog: Listen to him. ‘Watch the suit,'
dialog: he says.
speaker_heading: . (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BATTS (CONT'D)
dialog: A little pisser I've known all my
dialog: life. Hey, Tommy, don't get too
dialog: big.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Don't go busting my balls. Okay?
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: (laughing, to the
dialog: crowd at the bar)
dialog: Busting his balls?
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: If I was busting your balls, I'd
dialog: send you home for your shine box.
text: Tommy's smile turns to a glare as he realizes Billy is
text: making fun of him. The men at the bar are roaring with
text: laughter. His girl is looking glumly at her shoes.
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: (to the hoods at the
dialog: bar)
dialog: You remember Tommy's shines? The
dialog: kid was great. He made mirrors.
speaker_heading: _ TOMMY
dialog: (almost a threat)
dialog: No more shines, Billy.
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: Come ooonnn. Tommeeee. We're
dialog: only kidding. You can't take a
dialog: joke? Come ooonn.
text: We see that Tommy is still angry, but begins to relax
text: with Billy's apparent apology, but as soon as Billy
text: sees that Tommy is beginning to relax, he contemptuously
text: turns his back on Tommy.
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: (facing the bar)
dialog: Now get the hell home and get your
dialog: shine box.
text: Henry quickly steps in front of Tommy who is about to
text: explode. Batts is facing the bar and does not see just
text: how furious Tommy has become.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (gently. wrestling
dialog: Tommy away from the
dialog: bar)
dialog: Come on, relax. He's drunk.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: He's been locked up for six years.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I don't give a shit. The guy’s
dialog: got no right.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Tommy. He doesn't mean anything.
dialog: Forget about it.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (trying to wrestle
dialog: past Henry)
dialog: He's insulting me. Rat bastard.
dialog: He's never been any fuckin’ good.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Tommy. Come on. Relax.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (te Henry)
dialog: Keep him here. I'm going for a bag.
text: Tommy roughly grabs his girl's arm and storms out.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: {rejoining James and
dialog: Billy Batts at the
dialog: bar) .
dialog: Batts. I'm sorry. Tommy gets
dialog: loaded. He doesn't mean any
dialog: disrespect.
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: He's got a hot head.
text: We see the last two guests get up to leave. Henry puts
text: another dollar in the jukebox and moves back behind the
text: bar and starts to total the register receipts.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ENTRANCE OF SUITE
text: From HENRY'S POV behind the bar, we see the guests leave
text: and suddenly we see Tommy in the doorway. Henry walks
text: around the bar and approaches Tommy.
text: We see James and Batts are still seated at bar with their
text: backs to the door.
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: They're fucking mutts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: We see James nod.
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: I seen them. They walk around
dialog: like big shots and they don't know
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: : JAMES
text: A guy gets half a load on. He
text: mouths off.
speaker_heading: BATTS
dialog: When I was a kid, I swear on my
dialog: mother, you mouth off, you got
dialog: your fucking legs broke.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: approaching Tommy who is carrying a large folded package
text: under one arm.
text: Tommy, followed by Henry, walks over to the bar where
text: James and Bill Batts are talking. Tommy drops the
text: package on the floor.
text: Billy Batts looks up.
text: James turns around and sees that Tommy has a gun in his
dialog: hand.
text: James immediately grabs Batts's arms and we see Tommy
text: smash the gun into the side of Batts's head. We see
text: Tommy hit Batts again and again as James continues to
text: hold Batts's arms.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to Henry, while
dialog: pinning Batts's
dialog: arms}
dialog: Quick! Lock the door.
text: We see Tommy club Batts to the ground with James holding
text: Batts's arms.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: locking the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
scene_heading: BATTS'S INERT FORM
text: on the floor.
text: We see Tommy unfold the package he had dropped near the
dialog: bar.
text: It is a plastic, flower-printed mattress cover.
text: Tommy and James start putting Batts's legs into the
dialog: mattress cover.
text: Henry is standing over them as James and Tommy struggle
text: to fit Batts's body in the mattress cover.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What are we going to do with him?
dialog: We can't dump him in the street.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: Bring the car ‘round back. I ‘know
dialog: a place upstate they'll never find
dialog: him. .
text: Tommy is looking brightly at Henry, as he and James
text: finally zip Batts in the mattress cover.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I didn't want to get blood on your
dialog: floor.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR DRIVEWAY - SUITE - NIGHT
text: Darkness. The open trunk of Henry's car. The mattress
text: cover is being shoved into the trunk by the three men.
text: It is heavy work.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Batts's made. His whole crew is
dialog: going to be looking for him. This
dialog: is fucking bad.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
text: There's a shovel at my mother's.
scene_heading: INT. TOMMY'S MOTHER'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Darkness in the kitchen. We hear noise of doors opening
text: and tools being banged around in the dark.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Sshhh. You'll wake ‘er up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Suddenly the light in the entryway goes on, and we see
text: Tommy's MOTHER, in housecoat, beaming at her son and his
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: KITCHEN TABLE
text: where Tommy's Mother hovers over the seated Tommy, Henry
text: and James. The table is filled with plates and coffee
text: cups and the debris of dirty dishes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Have some more. You hardly
dialog: touched anything. Did Tommy tell
dialog: you about my painting? Look.
text: We see her reach next to the refrigerator and pull up a
text: couple of oil paintings she props on the edge of the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: They want me to do a portrait next.
dialog: I'm gonna do the Mona Lisa.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: WINDOW
text: where we see Henry's car with the body in‘the trunk,
text: still parked at the curb.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Finally on their way, Henry is driving. James, in the
text: passenger's seat, and Tommy, in the rear seat, embracing
text: the shovel, are dozing off. The sleepy HUMMING sound of
text: WHEELS is suddenly interrupted by a THUMPING sound. At
text: first, Henry thinks he has a flat, but the THUMPING is
text: too irregular. James awakens. His eyes are on Henry.
text: Tommy leans forward from the rear seat. Silence. THUMP!
dialog: Silence.
scene_heading: EXT. MERRITT PARKWAY - NIGHT
text: Car pulls off the road onto the grass. Henry, James and
text: Tommy, still holding the shovel, get cut of the car.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Jesus Christ! Miserable bastard!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 5
text: Henry opens the trunk and steps back. In the trunk light
text: we see the mattress cover squirming around. We hear
scene_heading: MUFFLED GROANS.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (raising the shovel)
dialog: Can you believe this no-good fuck?
dialog: The prick! He's still alive.
text: Tommy suddenly smashes the shovel into the moving, bloody
text: mattress cover. He smashes it again and again and again.
text: Cursing Batts with every swing.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Rat bastard.
dialog: (swings shovel)
dialog: No-good, low-life fuck.
text: Tommy swings shovel again and again.
text: Soon the mattress cover stops squirming and Tommy stops
text: Swinging the shovel. He is exhausted. Tommy and James
text: get back in the car. Henry is facing the open trunk.
text: TILT UP and FREEZE ON Henry's face slamming the trunk
dialog: shut.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: As far back as I can remember, I
dialog: always wanted to be a gangster.
scene_heading: MAIN TITLE - GOOD FELLAS
speaker_heading: UNFREEZE and --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: HENRY - AS CHILD
text: looking out his bedroom window.
scene_heading: TITLE - EAST NEW YORK: BROOKLYN. 1955
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: To me, being a gangster was better
dialog: than being President of the United
dialog: States.
scene_heading: HENRY'S POV - GRIMY ONE-STORY CABSTAND - NIGHT 6
text: with faded "Pitkin Avenue Cabs" sign above the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 6
text: It's after midnight. We see a half-dozen, immaculately-
text: dressed hoods wearing diamond pinky rings and silk
text: shirts, lounging around the cabstand talking and sipping
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Even before I first wandered into
dialog: the cabstand for an-after-school
dialog: job, I knew I wanted to be a part
dialog: of them. It was there I belonged.
speaker_heading: HENRY'S POV
text: We see a Cadillac pull up the to cabstand. We see the car
text: rise slightly when two huge, dapper hoods get out.
text: On hood #1 we see large diamond pinky ring on a
text: sausage-thick finger.
text: On hood #2 we see a broken-nosed hood's tie hanging
text: loosely across his monogrammed shirt like a silk
dialog: bandolier.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: To me it meant being somebody in a
text: neighborhood full of nobodies.
text: On the sidewalk we see the two hoods who just got out of
text: the car hug and playfully shove TUDDY VARIO, the
text: sloppily-dressed, solidly-built hood who runs the
dialog: cabstand.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: They weren't like anyone else.
dialog: They did whatever they wanted.
text: They'd double-park in front of
dialog: the hydrant and nobody ever gave
dialog: them a ticket. In the summer when
dialog: they played cards all night,
dialog: nobody ever called the cops.
text: We see Tuddy laughingly try to push them away.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Tuddy Vario ran the cabstand and a
dialog: pizzeria and a few other places
dialog: for his brother, Paul, who was the
dialog: boss over everybody in the
dialog: neighborhood.
text: We see a laughing hood #1 slyly slip behind. Tuddy and
text: grab him around the neck, while hood #2 starts feigning
text: punches to Tuddy's ample midsection.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 6
text: Suddenly Tuddy Vario and hoods see that PAUL CICERO, the
text: boss, is standing in the cabstand's doorway. Cicero is a
text: large man, standing six-feet tall and weighing over 240
text: pounds. He appears even larger.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Paulie might have moved slow, but
dialog: it was only because he didn't have
dialog: to move for anybody.
text: Tuddy and the hoods immediately stop horsing around.
scene_heading: TITLES CONTINUE.
scene_heading: INT. CHILD'S BEDROOM - MORNING 7
text: CARMELLA HILL, Henry's mother, shoves his books under his
text: arm and pushes him into the hallway. We see Henry's two
text: brothers putting on their jackets and picking up their
text: books and almost tripping over another brother's,
text: MICHAEL, wheelchair. We catch a glimpse of two sisters
dialog: eating breakfast.
text: We see Henry's construction worker father sipping coffee
text: in kitchen before going to work.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: At first, my parents loved that I
dialog: found a job across the street. My
dialog: father, who was Irish, was sent to
dialog: work at the age of eleven, and he
dialog: liked that I got myself a job. He
dialog: always said American kids were
dialog: spoiled lazy.
speaker_heading: CARMELLA
dialog: (to the brood)
dialog: Come on. Come on. You'll all be
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: And my mother was happy after she
dialog: found out that the Ciceros came
dialog: from the same part of Sicily as
dialog: she did. To my mother, it was the
dialog: answer to her prayers.
text: We see Henry's mother shove him out the door with his
dialog: school books.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET SIDE OF DOOR - DAY 8
text: Carmella, in doorway, watches Henry go down the block
text: toward school.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 8
text: When Henry turns the corner, along with other school-bound
text: youngsters, we see he suddenly stops. The other school
text: children keep walking. Henry carefully sticks his head
text: around the corner. His mother is no longer there.
text: We see Henry race across the street toward the cabstand.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I was the luckiest kid in the
dialog: world.
scene_heading: EXT. CABSTAND - DAY to 9
text: We see Henry leap into the air to catch a set of car
dialog: keys.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I could go anywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. CABSTAND PARKING LOT - DAY ‘ 10
text: We see Henry, who can hardly see over the, dashboard,
text: jockeying a mobster's Caddy around the cabstand parking
text: lot. We see other kids, Henry's age, watching Henry,
text: in awe, from behind a fence.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I could do anything.
scene_heading: INT. CABSTAND BACKROOM - DAY . iL
text: We see Henry watching two uniformed cops laughing with
text: Tuddy. and some hoods while stuffing whiskey bottles
text: under their tunics.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I knew everybody and everybody
dialog: Knew me.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK OUTSIDE CABSTAND - DAY 12
text: We see Henry trying to sip hot espresso coffee just like
dialog: the big guys, except we see Henry grimace because. the
dialog: coffee is too het and far too bitter.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: But it wasn't too long before my
dialog: parents changed their minds. For
dialog: them, the cabstand was supposed to
dialog: be a part-time job, but for me, it
dialog: was full-time.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. REAR OF CABSTAND 13
text: Tuddy is folding and placing long sheets with policy bets
text: into a brown paper bag. In the b.g., we see hoods going
text: through boxes of stolen orange and blue cardigan sweaters.
text: Henry waits at Tuddy's side until Tuddy finishes making a
text: notation on a slip of paper. Tuddy holds the paper bag
dialog: in his hands and...
speaker_heading: TUDDY
dialog: (to Henry, with
dialog: a smile)
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: EXT. CABSTAND 14
text: We see Henry running out the cabstand door carrying the
text: paper bag. He runs past half a dozen hoods, lounging
text: outside on wooden chairs, wearing orange and blue
dialog: sweaters.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: People like my father could never
dialog: understand, but I was a part of
dialog: something. I belonged. I was
dialog: treated like a grown-up. Every
dialog: day I was learning to score.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S HOUSE - KITCHEN 15
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (in mock concern)
dialog: Did you study hard in school today?
dialog: Did you learn a lot? Huh?
text: Henry is silent and begins backing away.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I can't hear you, you little liar.
dialog: (waving the letter)
dialog: I got this from the school. They
dialog: say you haven't been there in
dialog: months.
text: Henry tries to dart past his Father, but he cannot
text: escape. Henry gets a blow on the back of his head.
text: Henry's mother starts to interfere, but is pushed back.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (beating Henry, but
dialog: glaring at Carmella)
dialog: Little lying bastard.
text: Carmella screams. Henry doubles up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
text: Henry's Father keeps pounding away.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HENRY'S FACE
scene_heading: FREEZE IN ACTION ON:
scene_heading: HENRY'S FATHER'S FACE
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: My father was always pissed off.
dialog: He was pissed that he had to work
dialog: so hard. He was pissed that he
dialog: made such lousy money. He was
dialog: pissed that there were seven of
dialog: us living in a tiny house. But
dialog: after a while, he was mostly
dialog: pissed that I hung around the
dialog: cabstand. He said they were bums
dialog: and that I was a bum. He said I
dialog: was going to get into trouble.
dialog: I used to say I was only running
dialog: errands after school, but he knew
dialog: better. He knew what went on at
dialog: the cabstand and, every once in
dialog: a while, usually after he got his
dialog: load on, I had to take a beating.
dialog: But by then, I didn't care. No
dialog: matter how many beatings I took,
dialog: I wouldn't listen to what he said.
dialog: I don't think I even heard him.
dialog: The way I saw it, everybody has
dialog: to take a beating some time.
text: UNFREEZE and continue the beating.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: HENRY'S SWOLLEN AND BEATEN FACE
scene_heading: 16 INT. CABSTAND - BACKROOM 16
speaker_heading: TUDDY
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I can't make any more deliveries.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: TUDDY
dialog: Whadda you mean, you can't make
dialog: any more deliveries? You're going
dialog: to fuck up everything?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: My father got a letter from the
dialog: school. He said the next time
dialog: he'll kill me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AUTOMOBILE 17
text: Three HOODS and Henry in parked car outside the post
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: HOOD #1
dialog: (pointing to one
dialog: postman)
dialog: Is that the one?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HOOD #2
dialog: (pointing at another)
dialog: Him?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: There. That's him. That's the guy.
text: Hood #1 and Hood #2 get out of the car and grab the
text: stunned MAILMAN. He loses his hat and spills some mail
text: as they shove him into the car's rear seat.
scene_heading: INT. NEIGHBORHOOD PIZZERIA 18
text: Tuddy Vario is standing in front of a pizza oven. Henry
text: watches the Hoods shove the Mailman against the side of
text: the oven. We see Paul Cicero in the b.g.
speaker_heading: TUDDY
dialog: (pointing to Henry)
dialog: You know this kid?
speaker_heading: MAILMAN
dialog: (barely able to speak)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: GOOD FELLAS - Rev. 6/28/89 14.
scene_heading: 18 CONTINUED: “Bes 18.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: nods, and the Hoods’ pull
dialog: and shove the Mailman -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: eg dge allegiance
dialog: tothe Hise and ‘sit through good —
dialog: ‘government bulishit.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO: *
scene_heading: 18A EXT. STREET 184 *
text: Tuddy.-and Heary running in the. rain.to Paulie’s house. *
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.) *.
dialog: ‘Paulie hated phones... He wouldn't *
dialog: . have one in his house. . *
speaker_heading: CUT TO: *
scene_heading: ~~ TUDDY..AND. HENRY *
text: talking to Paul in the doorway of his house. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: GOOD FELLAS - Rev. 6/28/89 - / 14a. *
scene_heading: - 48A.- | CONTINUED: SRE . 184
dialog: (~~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: _ HENRY. (¥
dialog: ays in sleeve-
dialog: - of the cin
dialog: 
speaker_heading: : REAR: YARD SOF :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Hoods are cook
dialog: (are bottles -o:
dialog: 
dialog: satisages. cand r grill. There
dialog: f I omemade ‘wine and eB ‘of beer.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: We see Paul Cicero holding court while €
dialog: a sausage
dialog: sandwich. : ne
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 19
text: There are hoods standing around him at a respectful dis-
text: tance. Only Tuddy approaches him with ease.
text: We see a hood talk to Tuddy. We see Tuddy relay the
text: message to Paul. We see Paul say something to Tuddy,
text: who nods back to the hood and then motions to Henry to
text: come over. We see Tuddy bend down a little and whisper
text: in Henry's ear.
text: DOLLY IN ON Paul's face.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Hundreds of guys depended on
dialog: Paulie and he got a piece of
dialog: everything they made. It was
dialog: tribute, just like the old country,
dialog: except they were doing it in
dialog: America. All they got from Paulie
dialog: was protection from other guys
dialog: looking to rip them off. That's
dialog: what it's all about. That's what
dialog: the F.B.I. can never understand --
dialog: that what Paulie and the organization
dialog: does is offer protection for people
dialog: who can't go to the cops. They're
dialog: like the police department for
dialog: wiseguys.
scene_heading: EXT. USED CAR LOT - NIGHT 20
text: We see Tuddy in his car, hand Henry a hammer, some rags,
text: and a five gallon can of gasoline.
speaker_heading: TUDDY
dialog: (driving away)
dialog: I'll be up at the corner.
text: We see Henry BREAK the WINDOWS of about six cars parked
text: facing the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: People looked at me differently.
dialog: They knew I was with somebody.
text: We see Henry shove the gas-soaked rags through the
text: broken car windows. Henry looks up the block where
text: Tuddy has parked. We see Tuddy (from Henry's POV) look
text: around and nod. Henry immediately begins tossing
text: lighted matchbooks through the smashed car windows.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I didn't have to wait on line at
dialog: the bakery on Sunday morning
dialog: anymore for fresh bread. The
dialog: owner knew who I was with, and
text: he'd come from around the counter,
dialog: no matter how many people were
dialog: waiting. I was taken care of first.
text: Suddenly the night EXPLODES in orange brightness. We
text: see Henry begin to run toward Tuddy's car as the cars
text: he has ignited begin to EXPLODE behind him.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)}
dialog: Our neighbors didn't park in our
dialog: driveway anymore, even though we
dialog: didn't have a car. At thirteen,
dialog: I was making more money than most
dialog: of the grownups in the neighborhood.
dialog: I had more money than I could spend.
dialog: I had it all.
text: FREEZE ON Henry's silhouette against the darkness like a
dialog: man in hell.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: One day some of the kids from the
dialog: neighborhood carried my mother's
text: groceries all the way home for her.
dialog: It was out of respect.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HENRY'S HOUSE - DAY 21
text: Henry's mother opens door of house, bright daylight.
speaker_heading: MOTHER'S POV
text: She sees grey lizard shoes, grey pinstriped trousers,
text: grey silk shirt, Billy Eckstein collar, yellow silk tie,
text: and double-breasted jacket. She looks up and sees
text: Henry's smiling face.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: (aghast )
dialog: My God! You look like a gangster.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SCREAMING MAN
text: running toward the pizzeria, holding his hand.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. PIZZERIA - DAY 22
text: We see Henry standing near front of store.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: I've been shot! Help! Help!
speaker_heading: TUDDY
dialog: (from rear of store,
dialog: to Henry)
dialog: Close the door. Don't let him in,
text: Henry grabs a chair, takes it outside for the man to sit
text: on. and closes the pizzeria door.
text: The man collapses in the seat and Henry immediately
text: starts wrapping the man's shredded and bleeding hand in
text: his apron. The man is turning white and praying.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (soothing the man)
dialog: It's okay. It's okay. They're
text: getting an ambulance.
text: We see Henry prop the man in his chair and race into
text: the pizzeria for more aprons which he takes outside and
text: wraps around the man's bleeding hand, just as an ambu-
text: lance pulls up.
text: We see Tuddy come up behind Henry as the man is rushed
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: It was the first time I had ever
dialog: seen anyone shot.
speaker_heading: TUDDY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: You're some fucking jerk.
text: We see that Henry is stunned.
speaker_heading: TUDDY
dialog: You wasted eight fucking aprons on
dialog: - that guy.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I remember feeling bad about the
dialog: guy. But I remember feeling that
dialog: maybe Tuddy was right. I knew
dialog: Paulie didn't want anybody dying
text: in the building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 23
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. CABSTAND - NIGHT 23
text: Henry is making a ham and cheese sandwich. CAMERA
text: TRACKING THROUGH room full of people playing cards,
text: THROUGH professional card dealers skittering cards across
text: green felt tables, THROUGH bodyguards watching the door,
text: THROUGH Tuddy Vario walking around the tables, THROUGH
text: Paul Cicero standing quietly on the side, THROUGH Henry
text: giving the sandwich to one of the players.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: It was a glorious time. Wiseguys
dialog: were all over the place. It was
dialog: before Apalachin and before Crazy
dialog: Joey decided to take on a boss and
dialog: start a war. It was when I met
dialog: the world. It was when I first met
dialog: James Conway.
text: CAMERA COMES TO REST when James Conway walks in the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: looking at James.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: He couldn't have been more than
dialog: twenty-four or twenty-five at the
dialog: time, but he was already a legend.
dialog: He'd walk in the door and everybody
dialog: who worked the room went wild.
dialog: He'd give the doorman a hundred
dialog: just for opening the door. He
text: shoved hundreds in the pockets of
dialog: the dealers and who ran the games.
dialog: The bartender got a hundred just
dialog: for keeping the ice cubes cold.
text: Henry sees Cicero give Conway a hug around the shoulder.
text: Henry sees James handing money to the doorman. Henry
text: watches players timidly move their chairs slightly to
text: make room for James. Henry sees James pull out a wad
text: of bills and sit down.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to Henry, who is
dialog: standing near
dialog: the bar)
dialog: Hey, kid! Get me a seven and seven.
text: We see Henry make the drink and bring it to James.
text: Cicero is standing next to James.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (his arm around
dialog: Henry's shoulder)
dialog: Henry. Say hello to James Conway.
text: We see James slip a $20 bill in Henry's shirt pocket.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (lifting his drink
dialog: to Henry)
dialog: Keep ‘em coming.
scene_heading: FREEZE FRAME ON James.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: James was one of the most feared
dialog: guys in the city. He was first
dialog: locked up at eleven and was doing
dialog: hits for mob bosses when he was
dialog: sixteen. Hits never bothered him.
dialog: It was business. But what he
dialog: really loved to do was steal. I
dialog: mean, he actually enjoyed it.
dialog: James was the kind of guy who
dialog: rooted for the bad guys in the
dialog: movies. He was one of the city's
text: biggest hijackers. Clothes.
dialog: Razor blades. Booze. Cigarettes,
text: Shrimp and lobsters. Shrimp and
dialog: lobsters were the best. They went
dialog: ast.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER TRUCK (NEAR IDLEWILD AIRPORT) - NIGHT 24
text: The trailer truck is stopped at a light in a deserted
text: area near JFK Airport. We see the driver being quietly
text: led to a car where James Conway is standing. We see
text: James routinely take the driver's wallet. There is
dialog: absolutely no resistance.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: And almost all of them were
dialog: gimmie's.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - WALLET
text: We see James put a $50 bill. in the driver's wallet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.) .
dialog: They called him James the Gent.
dialog: The drivers loved him. They used
dialog: to tip him off about the really
dialog: good loads. Of course, everybody
dialog: got a piece. And when the cops
dialog: assigned a whole army to stop him...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ..-. James made them partners.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CABSTAND PARKING LOT - CLOSEUP - ROWS oF CIGARETTE 25
speaker_heading: CARTONS - DAY
text: piled inside a large trailer truck.
text: James and Tommy DeVito, a youngster about Henry's age,
text: are moving large cigarette cartons toward truck tail-
text: gate. While James is dressed like a truck driver, Tommy
text: is very nattily dressed in a sharply-cut suit and highly
dialog: buffed shoes.
text: James and Tommy are loading the cartons into the arms of
text: a woman SCHOOL-CROSSING GUARD who is having difficulty
text: carrying the load.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Tommy. Help the lady.
text: We see Tommy scramble down from the truck and help the
text: School-Crossing Guard to her own car where we see she
text: already had a load of the cartons.
text: We see Henry standing near her car and watching.
scene_heading: SCHOOL-CROSSING GUARD
dialog: (driving off)
dialog: Thank you, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: standing between Tommy and Henry.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: Say hello to Tommy. You'll do
dialog: good together.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28,
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: POLICE CAR
text: pulling onto the sidewalk where Henry, Tommy and James
text: are standing. The COPS recognize James.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Anything good?
text: Henry watches James smile and toss a couple of cartons of
text: cigarettes into their radio car.
text: The Cops wave and drive off.
scene_heading: EXT. FACTORY GATE - QUITTING TIME 26
text: We see Henry busily selling. cartons to workers. Tommy
text: is getting cartons out of the trunk of a car parked
text: nearby. Henry is so busy he can hardly keep the money
text: and cash straight. Instead of the neat roll we saw on
text: James, Henry's cash is a wrinkled mess. Some of it is
text: rolled, some folded, some in different pockets. We see
text: Henry approached by two city DETECTIVES.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE #1
dialog: What do you think you're doing?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE #2
dialog: Where did you get these cigarettes?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: , (offering them cartons)
dialog: It's okay.
text: Detective #1 roughly grabs Henry's arm. Detective #2
text: grabs Henry's cigarette cartons, We see Henry pull his
text: arm away and one. of the Detectives slaps him across
dialog: the face.
text: We see that Tommy is about to say something, but runs
dialog: away instead.
scene_heading: INT. CABSTAND - DAY 27
text: We see Tommy talking to Tuddy and assorted hoods at the
dialog: cabstand. . :
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - "AR-1" (ARRAIGNMENT PART 1) 28
text: Henry is waiting along with dozens of hookers, nodding
text: junkies, muggers and shoplifters. When Henry's case is
dialog: called, we PAN TO a well-dressed mob lawyer. Henry, who
text: has never seen the lawyer before, walks to the
text: prosecutor's, rather than the defendant's table. A court
text: clerk nods him over toward his own lawyer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 31
text: We see DRIVER get out of truck with ENGINE still RUNNING
text: and leave door open. He nods to Henry who does not
text: respond and the Driver casually walks toward the diner.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: If any of the truckers or airlines
dialog: gave us trouble, Paulie had his
dialog: union people scare them with a
dialog: little strike. It was beautiful.
dialog: It was an even bigger money-maker
dialog: than numbers, and James was in
dialog: charge. Whenever we needed money,
dialog: we'd rob the airport. To us, it
dialog: was better than Citibank.
scene_heading: INT. TABLE IN DINER 32
text: We see Driver rise from debris of breakfast dishes, leave
text: a tip and pay the cashier. He walks out the door toward
text: his truck in the parking lot.
text: HOLD ON the door.
text: Driver rushes back in through the door toward the
dialog: cashier.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (flushed and
dialog: agitated)
dialog: Hurry, gimme the phone. Two
dialog: niggers just stole my truck.
scene_heading: INT, SONNY BUNZ'S LOUNGE - DUSK 33
text: A cavernous room within earshot of the airport that looks
dialog: like a movie nightclub. No matter when you walk into
dialog: the Bunz Lounge it's always the middle of the night.
text: CAMERA TRACKS PAST the zebra-striped banquettes and bar
text: stools, past sharpy businessmen, bookmakers and hoods.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: There was James and Tommy and me.
dialog: And there was Anthony Stabile,
dialog: Franky Carbone, Fat Andy, Frankie
dialog: the Wop, Freddy No Nose, Pete the
dialog: Killer, Johnny Bianco, Mikey
dialog: Franzese, and Jimmy Two Times, who
dialog: got that nickname because he said
dialog: everything twice. Like, ‘You
dialog: wanna get the papers, get the
dialog: papers.’
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 33
text: CAMERA TRACKS TO the backroom which we see is filled with
text: racks of clothes, boxed television sets, new toaster
text: ovens and stereos. We see MAN rolling racks of fur coats
dialog: i oom i ook: ike isco
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (to Sonny)
dialog: Sonny, we got the coats.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (ignoring the Man
dialog: and to Henry)
dialog: You got any suits?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Not till Thursday.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (closing door to
dialog: backroom)
dialog: I need suits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: HENRY, JAMES, TOMMY AND ASSORTED HOODS AND THEIR GIRL
speaker_heading: FRIENDS
text: are having a party. There are champagne buckets around
text: the table which is littered with steak and lobster
text: dishes. The table is a mess and everyone is laughing.
text: We see Henry look at his watch and look at the lounge's
dialog: entrance. .
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: For us to live any other way was
dialog: nuts. To us, those goody-good
dialog: people who worked shitty jobs
dialog: for bum paychecks, who took the
dialog: subway to work every day and
dialog: worried about their bills, were
dialog: dead. They were suckers. They
dialog: had no balls. If we wanted
dialog: something, we just took it. If
dialog: anyone complained twice, they
dialog: got hit so bad they never
dialog: complained again. It was routine.
dialog: You didn’t even think about it.
dialog: Cur To:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 33
scene_heading: DOORWAY OF BUNZ LOUNGE
text: We see FRENCHY McMAHON, a beefy man in a leather
text: windbreaker, enter.
text: We see Henry get up and go over to greet him.
dialog: cut TO:
speaker_heading: BAR
text: Henry and Frenchy embrace.
text: Frenchy is still wearing his Air France cargo worker's
text: coveralls under his leather jacket and we see the "Air
text: France" logo and the name "Frenchy" in script over the
text: coverall's breast pocket.
speaker_heading: FRENCHY
dialog: (trying to whisper
dialog: above the din)
dialog: It's all there. I can get you
dialog: past the alarms and I can get the
dialog: ey.
text: We see Henry turn to table and wave at James to join them
text: at the bar.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TABLE
text: We see James get up and go to the bar.
text: We see Tommy at the table with SONNY BUNZ, the owner,
text: hovering around. Sonny Bunz is holding a thick sheaf
text: of bills. We see Sonny timidly approach Tommy by
text: whispering in his ear. In the b.g., we also see the face
text: of a terrified waiter.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (putting his arm
dialog: around Sonny's
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: It's okay. Put it on the tab.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (whispering with fear
dialog: all over his face)
dialog: Tommy, it's not just this. Tommy,
dialog: please. It's seven grand here.
text: We see Tommy just stare menacingly at Sonny.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 33
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (he started, he
dialog: might as well
dialog: finish)
dialog: Tommy, I need the money, Tommy,
dialog: Please. I owe the world.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (leaping from the
dialog: table in a rage)
dialog: You sonofabitch fuck. Are you
dialog: calling me a deadbeat? The money
dialog: I spent here? Embarrassing me in
dialog: front of my friends. You
dialog: miserable fuck.
dialog: {turning to his pals)
dialog: Can you believe this bastard?
dialog: (back to terrified
dialog: Sonny)
dialog: Ungrateful fuck! I oughta break
dialog: your fucking legs!
text: We see Sonny Bunz flee toward his office, with Tommy
text: making a half-hearted gesture to follow, but instead, he
text: walks over and joins Henry, James and Frenchy at the
text: bar. He is smiling.
speaker_heading: FRENCHY
dialog: {to Tommy)
dialog: Hey, Tommy. Have a drink.
scene_heading: INT. CABSTAND - BACKROOM - DAY 34
text: We see Sonny Bunz meekly seated at table facing Paul
text: Cicero. Henry is standing behind Sonny Bunz for support.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (groaning)
dialog: If you knew those fucking kids.
dialog: They're nuts. Especially that
dialog: Tommy. What am I going to do with
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (sweating)
dialog: But I'm worried. I'm hearing all
dialog: kinds of things. Paulie. You
dialog: know me all my life. I've always
dialog: done the right thing.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: You think that matters? You
dialog: think they give a shit about
dialog: anything? The little bastards.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 27.
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: But it isn't right, Paulie. That
dialog: Tommy he's making trouble for me
dialog: all over town. I can't go here.
dialog: I can't go there.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: You? You think you're the only
dialog: one? I've talked to them a
dialog: million times, but they don't
dialog: listen.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: But, Paulie, please.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (barely listening)
dialog: Someday they'll get what's coming
dialog: to them. That's the only way
dialog: they'll stop.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Paulie, I swear, I'm afraid. The
dialog: guy's nuts. What do I have to do?
dialog: Whatever I gotta do, I'll do.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (arms outstretched
dialog: like a saint)
dialog: What can I do? If I could do
dialog: something, don't you think I
dialog: would?
text: Sonny looks up at Henry for support.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (to Sonny)
dialog: Tell him, It's okay.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I was thinking that maybe you
dialog: could come in with me. Take a
dialog: piece of the place. If you were
dialog: with me, maybe then they'd have
dialog: to lay off.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: What do I need...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 34
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I mean it. We could do good.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: You want a partner?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Please.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNZ LOUNGE - CURBSIDE - DAY 35
text: We see trucks with liquor, beer, sides of beef, even
text: furniture like bar stools and large mirrors being
text: unloaded and delivered into the front door.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Now the guy's got Paulie for a
dialog: partner. Any problems, he goes
dialog: to Paulie. Trouble with the bill?
dialog: He can go to Paulie. Trouble with
dialog: the cops? Deliveries? Tommy? He
dialog: ean call Paulie.
scene_heading: INT. BUNZ LOUNGE - DAY 36
text: We see Henry and two hoods from cabstand checking the
text: cases of liquor being delivered into the lounge. The
text: entire room is filled floor to ceiling with cases of
text: whiskey, wine, crates of lobster, and shrimp, and
text: stacks of table linen and sides of beef. The place
text: looks like a warehouse.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: But now the guy has got to come
dialog: up with Paulie's money every week,
dialog: no matter what. Business bad?
dialog: Fuck you, pay me. You had a fire?
dialog: Fuck you, pay me. The place hit
dialog: by lightning? Fuck you, pay me.
dialog: Also, Paulie could do anything.
dialog: Especially run up bills on the
dialog: joint's credit. Why not?
dialog: Nobody's gonna pay for it anyway.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNZ LOUNGE - REAR ALLEYWAY - DAY 37
text: We see cases of liquor, wine, etc., being carried out of
text: the rear door of the lounge by hoods from the cabstand
text: and loaded onto U-Haul trucks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: <_
dialog: 39
dialog: ~~
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: As soon as the deliveries are made
dialog: in the front door, you move the
dialog: stuff out the back and sell it at
dialog: a discount. You take a two
dialog: hundred dollar case of booze
dialog: and sell it for a hundred. It
dialog: doesn't matter. It's all profit.
scene_heading: INT. BUNZ LOUNGE OFFICE 38
text: Henry, James and Tommy are standing around the small
text: workman's table. There is no desk. The office looks
text: denuded of furniture. A lawyer is going over papers.
text: A terrified, unshaven Sonny Bunz is seated behind the
text: desk. The lawyer is showing him where to sign.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: And, finally, when there's nothing
dialog: left, when you can't borrow
dialog: another buck from the bank or buy
dialog: another case of booze, you bust
dialog: the joint out.
scene_heading: CUT DIRECTLY TO:
scene_heading: LARGE CLOSEUP - HANDS
text: making rolls of toilet paper being kneaded into long
text: rolls with Sterno.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY AND TOMMY
text: shoving wads of Sterno paper into the ceiling rafters.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: You light a match.
dialog: Cut To:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - MATCH
text: lighting rolls of Sterno paper.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNZ LOUNGE - CURBSIDE - NIGHT 39
text: The street is empty. Henry and Tommy are seated in
text: Henry's car. They are watching the Bunz Lounge.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: You gotta help me. Okay? This
dialog: girl I told you about? Helene?
dialog: She's from the Five Towns. She's
dialog: Jewish. She won't go out with me
dialog: alone. Can you believe this shit?
dialog: She's fucking prejudiced, but she's
dialog: built. She's never been out with
dialog: an Italian before. She says
dialog: she'll only go out on a double
dialog: date with her girl friend. You
dialog: believe this shit? But you gotta
dialog: see her. I mean, she's beautiful. -
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Will you get the fuck out of here.—
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Is it my fault she won't go out
dialog: without her girl friend? For
dialog: Chrissake. Come on. You don't
dialog: even have to stay. Jeesuz!
dialog: What's the big deal?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Tommy...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY AND TOMMY
text: watching smoke coming out of basement windows of Bunz
dialog: Lounge.
speaker_heading: TOMMY (0.8.)
dialog: (back to
dialog: conversation)
dialog: I swear you don't have to do
dialog: nothing. You. just show up and
dialog: then leave. What do you think,
dialog: I want you around? All I need
dialog: is for you to get me started.
text: We hear CAR ENGINE START.
scene_heading: INT. QUIET PLUSH BANQUET IN VILLA CAPRA 40
text: a red damask restaurant. Tommy and Henry are seated on
text: the outside of.a U-shaped banquet with their two girls,
text: Helene and Karen, seated inside. Helene is being wooed
text: and pawed by a blissful Tommy. Helene is enjoying every
text: bit of Tommy's undivided attention.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40
text: Karen has not touched her melted baked Alaska and is
text: looking directly at Henry. Henry is stirring his coffee.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I had a meeting with Tuddy around
dialog: eleven o'clock and here I am a
dialog: back-up guy.
speaker_heading: . KAREN
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Have more coffee. It'll wake you
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I couldn't wait to get away. I
dialog: was ordering the dessert when they
dialog: were eating dinner. When they
dialog: were having coffee, I was asking
dialog: for a check.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (to Henry, while
dialog: hugging Helene)
dialog: Isn't she great? Isn't this
dialog: great? Let's do it tomorrow
dialog: night? Okay?
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: I couldn't stand him. I thought
dialog: he was really obnoxious. He
text: kept fidgeting around.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - PARKING LOT - NIGHT 41
text: We see Henry pushing Karen into the car.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: Before it was even time to go
dialog: home he was pushing me into the
dialog: car...
scene_heading: EXT. KAREN'S HOUSE - CURBSIDE - NIGHT 42
text: We see Henry hurrying Karen out of the car.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: ... and then pulling me out.
dialog: It was ridiculous. But Helene and
dialog: Tommy had made us promise to meet
dialog: them again on Friday night. We
dialog: agreed... Of course, when Friday
dialog: night came around, Henry stood
dialog: me up..
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA CAPRA RESTAURANT - NIGHT 43
text: We see Tommy, Helene and Karen seated at a table set for
dialog: four.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: We were a trio instead of a
dialog: double-date that night, but I made
dialog: Tommy take me looking for him.
scene_heading: EXT. CABSTAND SIDEWALK - NIGHT 44
text: A hot night. The hoods have moved to the sidewalk where
text: we see them sitting in sleeveless underwear, watching
dialog: the street.
text: ‘We see Henry leave the cabstand when suddenly a CAR
text: SCREECHES up on the sidewalk directly in front of him.
text: The hoods scatter and we see that Henry is terrified.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (charging out
dialog: of the door,
dialog: Screaming)
dialog: You've got some nerve. Standing
dialog: me up. Nobody does that to me.
dialog: Who do you think you are? A big
dialog: shot?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: who sees Tommy and Helene in the car, laughing.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (embarrassed and
dialog: defensive)
dialog: I didn't know. I swear. I
dialog: thought it was next week.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Liart
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: who sees the wiseguys laughing.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Take it easy. We can talk about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
text: She's screaming on the street
dialog: and I mean loud, but she looked
dialog: good. She had these viclet eyes.
dialog: I remember she's screaming, but
text: mostly I'm looking at her eyes.
dialog: They were just like Elizabeth
dialog: Taylor's. That's what everybody
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Talk? To you? After what you
dialog: did!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I thought you were going to stand
dialog: me up. You looked bored. You
dialog: didn't say anything. What did you
dialog: expect. Tommy was all over me.
dialog: Right?
text: We see Karen relax for a second.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Come on, let me make it up.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY TO KAREN'S SUBURBAN HOME - ANGLE ON GOLD 45
scene_heading: CROSS AROUND MAN'S NECK - NIGHT ~
text: and TILT UP. Henry is all smiles and slicked-up, stand-
text: ing in the door wearing a grey suit and open-necked black
text: silk shirt with a gold cross on chain.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (filled with alarm)
dialog: Button your shirt, quick! Hurry.
text: Henry buttons his shirt as Karen's Mother comes to the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Ma, this is my friend, Henry Hill.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My daughter says you're half-
dialog: Jewish?
scene_heading: EXT. COPACABANA - NIGHT 46
text: Henry gives the keys and a rolled-up twenty dollar bill
text: to the doorman at the building across the street and
text: steers Karen toward the Copa.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What're you doing? What about
dialog: the car?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (while pushing her
dialog: through the crowd
dialog: waiting to get in)
dialog: He watches it for me. It's
text: better than waiting at a garage.
text: We see Henry deftly steer Karen away from the Copa’s main
text: entrance and down the basement steps. A huge bodyguard,
text: eating a sandwich in the stairwell gives Henry a big
text: "hello." We see Henry walk right through the basement
text: kitchen, which is filled with Chinese and Latino cooks
text: and dishwashers who pay no attention. Karen is being
text: dragged along, open-mouthed, at the scene. Henry starts
text: up a stained kitchen staircase through a pair of swinging
text: doors and suddenly Karen sees she is inside the main
text: room. The harried maitre d’ (he is surrounded by
text: customers clamoring for their tables) waves happily at
text: Henry and signals to a CAPTAIN. We see a table held
text: aloft by two waiters wedging their way toward the stage
text: and plant the table smack in front of what had until that
text: moment been a ringside table. As Henry leads Karen to
text: their seat, she sees that he is nodding and shaking
text: hands with many of the other guests. We see Henry
text: quietly slip twenty dollar bills to the waiters.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (sitting down)
dialog: You gave them twenty dollars each?
text: We see the Captain approach with champagne.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: This is with Mister Tony, over
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Where, over there?
speaker_heading: . CAPTAIN
dialog: Over there, over there.
text: Karen watches Henry turn around and wave at a 280-pound
dialog: hood.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 46
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (toasting Karen
dialog: and clinking
dialog: glasses)
dialog: I'm in construction.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (taking his-hands)
dialog: They don't feel like you're in
dialog: construction.
text: Henry turns to the stage where the lights begin to dim
text: and Henny Youngman walks out.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I'm a union delegate.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR FRANCE CARGO AREA - NIGHT 47
text: On loading platform we see Henry and Tommy dressed in
text: Air France coveralls.
text: Henry is carrying a large suitcase.
text: Suddenly we see Frenchy McMahon come through a door,
text: slip Henry a key and lead them back into the office area
text: near the entrance.
text: Henry goes to the door marked "SECURITY AREA” that
text: Frenchy points out and opens it with the key. Henry and
text: Tommy go inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY AND TOMMY
text: coming out with the suitcase, close the door and walk
text: right past Frenchy without saying a word.
scene_heading: INT. CABSTAND - BACKROOM - NIGHT 48
text: We see the suitcase open on the desk. We see Cicero,
text: James, Henry and Tommy standing around, wreathed in
text: smiles. Henry is counting stacks of cash, spreading
text: them all over the desk.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Air France made me. We walked out
dialog: with four hundred and twenty
dialog: thousand dollars without.a gun.
dialog: And we did the. right thing.
text: Henry counts up $420,000 and slides ten packages of $100
text: bills in front of Cicero who stands up and proudly kisses
dialog: Henry on the cheek. °
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48
text: James and Tommy, both aglow with the moment, look on. It
text: is clear that Henry has come of age.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY'S FACE
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: It's a lot of money for a kid.
dialog: If anyone asks, just say you won
dialog: it shooting crap.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH CLUB ~ DAY 49
text: Henry and Karen are at a sun-drenched table after paper-
text: cup and paper plate lunch where Henry is trying to pay
dialog: cash.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (touching Henry's arm)
dialog: No. No. You've got to sign for
dialog: it.
text: We see athletic young men and women in white clothes
text: carrying tennis and squash rackets walk by. One young
text: man, Bruce, says hello to Karen. She introduces him to
dialog: Henry.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (after Bruce walks
dialog: on)
text: He lives across the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CHAMPAGNE
text: being sent to table.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 50
text: CAMERA PANS TO stage where we see singer's back and
text: Henry and Karen at a luxurious ringside table with linen,
dialog: silver, and crystal.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: One night Billy Daniels sent us
dialog: champagne. There was nothing like
dialog: it. I didn't think that there was
dialog: anything strange in any of this --
dialog: you know, a twenty-one-year-old
dialog: kid with such connections.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: i”
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S CAR - DAWN 51
text: Henry and Karen are sipping champagne from Copa glasses
text: in car parked outside her house.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: He was an exciting guy. He was
dialog: really nice. He introduced me to
dialog: everybody. Everybody wanted to be
dialog: nice to him. And he knew how to
dialog: handle it:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORRIS KESSLER'S QUEENS BOULEVARD WIG AND BEAUTY 52
scene_heading: SALON - ANGLE ON MORRIS'S TELEVISION COMMERCIAL - DAY
text: We see Morris swimming the length of a pool, surrounded
text: by adoring models in bathing suits.
speaker_heading: MORRIS (V.0.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: They'll stay put even in a
dialog: typhoon. And I should know.
dialog: I'm the president of the company.
text: We see Morris and Henry standing near TELEVISION set,
text: COMMERCIAL is repeated over and over. Morris is taking
text: bets on the phone and complaining to Henry.
text: We see an agitated James Conway in b.g. poking at wigs
text: and looking toward Henry and Morris.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (complaining sotto
dialog: voce to Henry while
dialog: taking bets on the
dialog: phone)
text: James's busting my chops.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Okay, give ‘em eight to five on
dialog: Cleveland.
dialog: (hangs up phone
dialog: and to Henry,
dialog: while nervously
dialog: eyeing in the
dialog: other room)
dialog: He wants three points over the
dialog: vig. From me? I don't believe
dialog: this shit?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Morris. Please. You know James.
dialog: You borrowed his money. Pay ‘em.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (so outraged his
dialog: voice gets louder)
dialog: I didn't agree to three points
dialog: over the vig. What am I, nuts?
dialog: I didn't need it that much.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (getting exasperated)
dialog: What are you gonna do? Fight
dialog: with him? He wants his money.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Fuck ’em. I never paid points.
dialog: I always did the right thing. Did
dialog: I ever bust his balls? Did I?
dialog: Did I? I could have dropped a
dialog: dime a million times, and I
dialog: wouldn't have had to pay dick.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (getting annoyed)
dialog: Morris, you're talking crazy.
dialog: Drop a dime? Call the cops?
dialog: Don't even let anybody hear such
dialog: bullshit. Why don't you just
dialog: pay the man his money and shut
dialog: the fuck up.
text: We see James in b.g. start toward Henry and Morris when
text: he hears Henry raise his voice.
text: We see James come up behind Morris and wrap the long
text: telephone extension cord around Morris's neck. We see
text: Morris's eye begin to pop. We see Henry try to get his
text: hands between the wire and Morris's neck while trying
dialog: to get James to stop.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (total fury)
dialog: You got money for your bullshit
dialog: television, don't you? I gotta
dialog: watch you swimming back and forth
dialog: on T.V. all night long, don’t I?
dialog: You got money for that, but you
dialog: don't have my money?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: James. He'll be okay. He's good
dialog: for it. Relax.
text: We see Morris nodding in agreement that he will pay.
text: Suddenly, the PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
dialog: a
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: io
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: We see James, Henry and Morris frozen for.a second.
text: see James relax the cord. We see Morris pick up the
text: phone. The extension cord is still loosely wrapped
text: around his neck.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (handing Henry
dialog: the phone)
dialog: It's for you.
text: Henry takes the phone.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (fury crosses
dialog: his face)
dialog: Wait there.
text: Henry races out the door, leaving Morris and James
text: docilely looking after him as he runs out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE TELEPHONE BOOTH ON HIGHWAY
text: We see Karen waiting at booth as Henry pulls up.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S CAR
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (erying and dishev-
dialog: elled)
dialog: I've known him all my life. He
dialog: just started grabbing at me. He
dialog: wouldn't stop. And when I hit him
dialog: across the nose with my shoe, he
dialog: got mad and shoved me out.
scene_heading: EXT. KAREN'S PARENTS' HOUSE
text: Henry's car is parked at the curb. A new red Corvette is
text: parked across the street.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Go inside. I'll be right there.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Get inside!
text: When Karen gets out of the car, we see Henry reach under
text: the seat for a snub-nose .38 revolver.
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: EXT. CORVETTE DRIVEWAY 56
text: We see Henry walk down driveway to the back yard area
text: where BRUCE and two of his brothers are talking. Bruce
text: sees Henry and walks toward him. Bruce's two brothers
text: are smirking.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What do you want?
text: They get close.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (annoyed and
dialog: menacing)
dialog: Hey! Fucko! You want something?
text: With absolutely no warning, Henry reaches out and grabs
text: Bruce's hair with one hand and pulls his gun out of his
text: waistband with the other. In almost one motion, Henry
text: smashes the gun across Bruce's face. Teeth fall from
text: Bruce's mouth. The two brothers, still not seeing the
text: gun, start toward Henry, but Henry continues to pound the
text: gun into Bruce's face like a dinner gong. Bruce's head
text: is still off the ground only because Henry refuses to let
text: go of his hair. Bruce's brothers realize Henry has a
text: gun. They freeze and back off.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.8S.)
dialog: (from a window)
dialog: Help! Police! He's got a gun!
dialog: Police! Quick! Murder!
text: Henry drops Bruce to the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. KAREN'S DRIVEWAY 57
text: We see Karen standing at the side door as Henry races
text: up and puts something in her hand.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (panting)
dialog: Here, hold this.
text: We see Karen look down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: KAREN'S HAND
text: holding gun.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - GUN
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: I know there are women, like my
dialog: best friends, who would have
dialog: gotten out of there the minute
dialog: their boyfriend gave them a gun
dialog: to hide. 'Feh! You and your gun.
dialog: Get out of here. Who needs you?'
dialog: That's what they would have said
dialog: to him. But I didn't. I've got
dialog: to admit the truth. It turned
dialog: me on.
text: We see Karen look around to make sure no one else has
text: seen her. She then leans over and hides the gun in the
dialog: milk box at her feet. ,
scene_heading: INT. KAREN'S PARENTS' HOUSE 58
text: We see hands carefully wrapping a white linen table
text: napkin around some object. We see the napkin and object
text: placed on the floor. We see a man's heel come down and
text: smash the object, which turns out to be.a wine glass. We
text: are at a small Jewish living room wedding with a canopy
dialog: and rabbi and it was Henry who broke the glass as a part
text: of the ritual. Karen's parents are glumly looking on.
text: Henry's. parents are even glummer. Only Michael, Henry's
text: brother in the wheelchair, looks pleased.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU BLEU CATERING HALL 59
dialog: Paulie Cicero, Frenchy, Morris Kessler, Tommy DeVito, and
text: all of their wives and fiancees are present.
text: PAN FROM Henry's and Karen's parents sitting uneasily at
dialog: different tables.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUTS TO:
speaker_heading: PAUL CICERO
text: “presiding at a sort of line, introducing Karen to the
text: Cicero family and guests. Henry stands behind Karen,
text: smiling proudly.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: It was like he had two families.
dialog: The first time I was introduced
dialog: to them all at once, it was crazy.
dialog: Paulie and his brothers had lots
dialog: of sons and nephews and almost all
dialog: of them were named Peter or Paul.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 59
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It was unbelievable. There must
dialog: have been two dozen Peters and
dialog: Pauls at the wedding. Plus, they
dialog: were all married to girls named
dialog: Marie, and they named all their
dialog: daughters Marie. By the time I
dialog: finished meeting everybody, I
dialog: thought I was drunk.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: HENRY AND KAREN'S TABLE
text: Seated nearby are a beaming James Conway and his wife,
speaker_heading: MICKEY CONWAY
text: We see Cicero approach and hand Karen an envelope.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: Here. This is for you.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (leoking down at
dialog: the envelope)
dialog: Paulie, you shouldn't.
text: We see that Cicero's envelope is richly embossed with
text: hearts and flowers and has a clear window in front
text: through which she can see several neatly-folded hundred
text: dollar bills. When Karen looks up, she sees that every
text: wiseguy and his wife are lined up before her and that
text: they are all holding envelopes with clear windows in
dialog: ‘ront .
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: KAREN
text: perspiring a little as she accepts and thanks the dozens
text: of wiseguys giving her the envelopes. We also see Henry
text: has opened a plastic supermarket shopping bag under the
text: table where he is stuffing the envelopes just as soon as
text: Karen accepts them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY AND KAREN
text: getting up to dance.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: My bag. My bag.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 59
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (amused)
dialog: What bag?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (desperate)
text: The bag with the envelopes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (chiding)
dialog: Oh that. Don't worry about that.
dialog: Nobody's gonna steal it.
scene_heading: INT. KAREN'S MOTHER'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAWN 60
text: We see Karen propped up, awake, in a chair. Her
text: father is seated on a sofa, asleep. KAREN'S MOTHER is
text: looking out the window.
speaker_heading: KAREN'S MOTHER
dialog: He didn't call?
speaker_heading: KAREN
text: He's with his friends.
speaker_heading: KAREN'S MOTHER
dialog: What kind of person doesn't call?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: He's a grown man. He doesn't have
dialog: to call every five minutes.
speaker_heading: KAREN'S MOTHER
dialog: If he was so grown up he'd get you
text: two an apartment.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Don't bring that up. You're the
dialog: one who wanted us here.
speaker_heading: KAREN'S MOTHER
dialog: (ignoring the charge)
dialog: “ Look. He's got the whole house in
text: an uproar.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: dozing on sofa.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: KAREN'S MOTHER
dialog: He's got your father upset. Good
dialog: thing he doesn't have to go to
dialog: work in the morning. Is this what
dialog: he deserves?
speaker_heading: KARE!
dialog: Ma! Please! You're-driving: me
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: KAREN'S MOTHER
dialog: Driving you crazy? Don't get me
dialog: started. You're here a month and
dialog: sometimes I know he doesn't come
dialog: home at all. What kind of people
dialog: are these?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Ma! Stop! What.do you want me to
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: KAREN'S MOTHER
dialog: Do?. What can you do? What did
dialog: you expect? He wasn't Jewish.
dialog: Did you know how they live? Your
dialog: father would never stay out this
dialog: late without calling. In thirty
dialog: years he never stayed out all
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: sleeping on sofa.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Stayed out? Daddy never went out
dialog: at all.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: TITLE UP - 6:30 A.M.
text: We hear CAR DOOR OPEN in front of house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: KAREN AND KAREN'S MOTHER
text: open the door together and we see Henry standing in door-
text: way, a little drunk.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 60
text: Behind Henry we see a car with Tommy DeVito still parked
text: at the curb.
text: Karen is happy to see him. She smiles.
speaker_heading: KAREN'S MOTHER
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Where were you? Where have you
dialog: been? Why didn't you call? We
dialog: were all worried to death! A
dialog: married man doesn't stay out like
dialog: this!
text: We see Henry look at Karen, look at Karen's Mother and
text: turn around and get back in the car and drive away.
text: Karen begins to cry.
text: Karen's father sleepily comes to the door.
speaker_heading: KAREN'S MOTHER
dialog: (as Henry drives
dialog: away)
dialog: Normal people don't live this way.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES AND MICKEY'S ARCHIE BUNKER HOUSE - LIVING 61
speaker_heading: ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: Karen and most of the women we saw at the wedding are at
text: Mickey's cosmetic party. There are large cardboard
text: posters of glamorous models using the cosmetics at
text: Mickey's feet.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: We weren't married to nine-to-five
dialog: guys, but the first time I realized
dialog: how different was when Mickey had
text: a hostess party.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MICKEY
text: brushing another woman, ANGIE's, hair while showing off
text: a new brush.
speaker_heading: MICKEY
dialog: (to Angie)
dialog: Angie, sweetheart, you want it
dialog: fluff?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: 61 : CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: ANGIE'S TIRED FACE
text: black-ringed eyes and thin mouth.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: He's the one with the hands. I'd
text: like te smack his face.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: The red-haired guy? He looks like
dialog: a farmer? -
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: Sonofabitch. I swear. You can't
dialog: go through the gate without his
dialog: hands. I told him. Keep your
dialog: fucking hands off, you sonofabitch,
dialog: or I'll cut them off.
text: We see the women laugh.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: He don't know how lucky he is.
dialog: If I just mentioned it to Vince,
dialog: I don't even want to know.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: That's the problem. How can you
dialog: mention it? Vince'd kill him.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: You think I don't know? You
dialog: think I like to keep this inside?
dialog: But I gotta, or he'll kill the
dialog: miserable bastard and he’1l be
dialog: there for life. It's disgusting
dialog: what you have to put up with.
speaker_heading: MICKEY
dialog: (while fluffing
dialog: Angie's hair)
dialog: Look at Jeannie's kid.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: What? What happened?
speaker_heading: MICKEY
dialog: The oldest one. He was in an
text: argument. A lousy ten-dollar
text: card game. The kid pulls out a
dialog: gun. It goes, The. kid gets
text: killed. The grandmother hears it
text: and finds out he's been arrested.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP -
dialog: talking.
dialog: 47,
dialog: (2) 61
speaker_heading: MICKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: She has a heart attack, She
text: drops dead right on the spot.
dialog: Now Jeannie's got a husband and
dialog: son in jail and a mother in the
dialog: funeral parlor.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: But he was always a bad kid, that
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: MICKEY
dialog: No. Come on. It was the younger
dialog: one that was the bad one.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: (continuing over
dialog: dialogue)
dialog: They had bad skin and wore too
dialog: much makeup. I mean they didn't
dialog: look very good. They looked beat
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: WOMEN
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: You never saw teeth like that
dialog: where I was growing up and the
dialog: stuff they wore was thrown
dialog: together and cheap. A lot of
dialog: pants suits and double-knits. And
dialog: they talked about how rotten their
dialog: kids were and about beating them
text: with broom handles and leather
dialog: belts, but that the kids still
dialog: didn't pay any attention. When
dialog: Henry picked me up, I was dizzy.
scene_heading: INT. KAREN'S MOTHER'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT 62
text: We see they are getting ready for bed.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I don't know. I don't know if
dialog: I could live that way. What if,
dialog: God forbid, you go to prison.
dialog: Mickey said Jeannie's husband --
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (angrily interrupting)
dialog: Are you nuts?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 48.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Jeannie's husband went to the can
dialog: just to get away from her, she's
dialog: such a pain in the ass. Let me
dialog: tell you. Nobody goes to jail
dialog: unless they want to, unless they
dialog: make. themselves get caught. They
dialog: ‘do stuff with the: wrong people.
dialog: They don't have things organized.
dialog: You know who goes to jail? Nigger
dialog: stickup men. That's who. And /
dialog: they only get caught because they ..
text: fall asleep in the getaway car. .
text: Karen looks down. She’s listening.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Listen, we're beginning to make
dialog: real money for the first time.
dialog: It's business. Do you think I'm
dialog: going to walk away from that?
text: Henry puts his arm around Karen and begins to hug her.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: After a while, it all got to be
dialog: normal. None of it seemed like
dialog: crimes. It was more that Henry
dialog: was enterprising. That he and the
dialog: guys were making a few bucks
dialog: hustling, while other men were
text: sitting on their asses waiting for
dialog: handouts. Our husbands weren't
dialog: brain surgeons. They were blue
dialog: collar guys, and the only way they
dialog: could get extra money, real extra
dialog: money, was to go out and cut a few
dialog: corners.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - ANGLE ON HENRY AND TOMMY - NIGHT 63
text: who is carrying a brown paper bag as though it were a
text: gun, pulling a driver out of his truck and shoving him
text: toward another hood who pushes him into the rear seat
text: of a car where we see another hood.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: HENRY AND TOMMY
text: getting into the truck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ROAD
text: where we see the truck drive off.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: TRUCK
text: where we see the paper bag in Tommy's hand explode in a
text: red burst as he wildly FIRES SHOTS into the air.
text: We hear Henry's laughter.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: And we were also very close. I
dialog: mean, there were never any outsiders
dialog: around. Absolutely never! And
dialog: being together all the time made
text: everything seem even more normal.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S DOORWAY 64
text: We see Karen looking at a search warrant being shown to
text: her by detectives who are being very polite. The
text: children are looking on.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: There was always a little
dialog: harassment. They always wanted to
dialog: talk to Henry about this or that.
dialog: They'd come with their subpoenas
dialog: and warrants and make me sign.
dialog: But mostly they were just looking
dialog: for a handout. A few bucks to
dialog: keep things quiet, not matter what
dialog: they found.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (signing the paper)
dialog: Can I make you some coffee?
text: The detectives smile and, taking off their hats, walk
text: into the house where kids and Karen resume watching TV.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: I always asked them if they wanted
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Some of the wives, like Mickey
dialog: Conway, used to curse at them and
dialog: spit on the floor. Imagine. She'd
dialog: spit on her own floor. That never
dialog: made any sense to me. It was better
dialog: to be polite and call the lawyer.
dialog: Cut To:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: In background we see the detectives going through the
dialog: house,
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAMES CONWAY'S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT 65
text: We see James and Mickey and Henry and Karen and Tuddy
dialog: and wife, Tommy and girlfriend, Morris and Karen Kessler,
text: Franky Carbone and wife and the assorted children, all
text: wearing party hats and blowing out the candles on nine-
text: year-old James Conway Jr.'s huge layer cake.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: We all did everything together
dialog: and we were always the same crowd.
dialog: Anniversaries. Christenings. We
dialog: only went to each other's houses.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SNAPSHOT
text: of James hugging Karen and Mickey at table.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: The women played cards. When my
dialog: kids were born, James and Mickey
dialog: were always the first at the
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SNAPSHOT
text: of beaming James, Mickey and Henry embracing against the
text: window of maternity hospital while a nurse holds up a
text: baby. Mickey is in tears.
speaker_heading: . KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: When we went to the Islands or
dialog: Vegas for vacation, we always went
dialog: together,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: - 65
speaker_heading: SNAPSHOT
text: of James and Mickey and Henry and Karen in bathsuits
text: standing next to their poolside chairs holding tall
text: Trader Vic's-style drinks with tiny umbrellas and
text: pineapple sticking out of them.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: It got to be normal. I got to
dialog: where I was even proud that I had
dialog: the kind of husband who was willing
dialog: to go out and risk his neck just
dialog: to get us the little extras.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENRY AND KAREN'S SUBURBAN HOUSE - ANGLE ON 66
scene_heading: HENRY'S BEDROOM CLOSET - DAY
text: CAMERA TRACKS row after row of neatly hung suits and
text: - sports jackets and racks of sharp shoes.
text: We see Henry getting undressed. He neatly hangs his
text: jacket and then lifts the front of his sport shirt to
text: his neck, revealing thick packets of crisp $50 and
text: $100 bills he has wedged all around his waist.
speaker_heading: KAREN (0.8.)
dialog: But I got my mother to watch the
dialog: kids tomorrow night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: KAREN'S BEDROOM CLOSET
text: CAMERA TRACKS PAST rows of Karen's dresses, pants suits,
text: biouses, shoes and fur coats.
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.S.)
dialog: I told you I can't.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
text: We see Henry, now shaved and dressed in a different suit.
text: He is on his way out.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: I'm gonna need. some money.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
text: We see Karen hold her thumb and forefinger about an inch
dialog: apart.
text: We see Henry take about an inch and a half of money from
text: his inside jacket pocket, slap it on the table and go
text: out the door.
scene_heading: , INT. SUITE - NIGHT 67
text: A plush, overdecorated cocktail lounge and nightclub
text: on Queens Boulevard, where we hear Sergio Franchi on
text: the jukebox.
dialog: (NOTE: Replay the opening of the film at 9 times normal
dialog: speed -- Henry slamming the truck closed.)
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: For most of the guys, killing got
dialog: to be accepted. They were routine.
dialog: Murder was the only way everybody
dialog: stayed in line. It was the ultimate
dialog: weapon. “You got out of line, you
dialog: got whacked. Everyone knew the
dialog: rules,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
text: smashing gun into Bill Batt's head.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: But sometimes, even if people
dialog: didn’t get out of line, they'd get
dialog: whacked. Hits just became a habit
dialog: for some guys. It didn't take
dialog: anything to get yourself killed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SILHOUETTE OF TOMMY, HENRY AND JAMES
text: stuffing Billy's body into the truck.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Guys would get into arguments over
dialog: nothing and before you knew it,
dialog: one of them was dead. They were
dialog: shooting each other all the time.
dialog: Shooting people was a normal thing.
dialog: It was no big deal.
speaker_heading: cuUuT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67
scene_heading: TOMMY'S MOTHER'S KITCHEN
dialog: and breakfast.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: You didn't have to do anything
dialog: and nobody was immune. You just
dialog: had to be there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
text: smashing shovel into soft, bloodied mattress cover in
text: the trunk of the car.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: But we had a problem with Billy
dialog: Batts. This was a touchy thing.
dialog: Tommy had killed a made man.
dialog: Billy was a part of the Gambino
dialog: crew and untouchable.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CONNECTICUT WOODLAND - NIGHT 68
text: We. see Tommy, Henry and James burying Batts.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Before you could touch a made guy,
dialog: you had to have a good reason.
dialog: There had to be a sitdown. And
dialog: you better get an okay, or you'd
dialog: be the one who got whacked.
text: Henry slams down trunk.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COPACABANA - LATE SHOW - ANGLE ON TABLE - NIGHT 69
text: being quickly set up by waiters and maitre d' as Henry,
text: Tommy, Franky Carbone, and Joe Manri sit down. In b.g.,
text: we see older hoods with young showgirl types.
text: We see JANICE, a cherry California blonde, and some girl-
text: friends seated at a table directly behind Henry's table.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 69
speaker_heading: STAGE
text: and as stage lights dim:
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Saturday night was for wives,
dialog: but Friday night at the Copa was
dialog: always for the girlfriends.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY'S TABLE
text: Henry is now sitting next to Janice. Tommy is with
text: GIRL #1. Carbone is with GIRL #2.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: Last week I saw Sammy Davis. What
dialog: a performer. You gotta see hin.
dialog: You gotta catch him. He does
dialog: imitations I swear you'd think it
dialog: was the real people.
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: Yeah, the way he moves. It's
dialog: unbelievable. I mean, you can
dialog: understand how a white girl could
dialog: fall for him.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: I don't mean me. Not me. I just
dialog: mean, you can see how some girls
dialog: could. Like that Swedish girl.
dialog: You can see how she fell for him.
dialog: You can see how he has this, this,
dialog: personality.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: COPA STAGE
text: spotlight. Bobby Darren is singing.
scene_heading: EXT. JANICE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT 70
text: Henry's convertible pulls up.
text: Henry has his arm around. Janice's neck. We .see them go
text: into the building.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: SAME - DAWN
dialog: 71
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. CICERO'S HOUSE - DAY 71
text: Sunday. There are lots of relatives and friends present.
text: Henry and Karen arrive. Karen is carrying their new
text: baby and Henry has his two-year-old daughter by the hand.
text: A great fuss is made over the new baby and over Karen by
text: the women, including Cicero's wife. Cicero puts an arm
text: around Henry and leads him into an alcove.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: What did you hear about that thing?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What thing? The Brooklyn thing?
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: No. No. The guy from downtown.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: The guy from near where Christie
dialog: used to live?
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: No. The other one. The one who
dialog: disappeared up the block from
dialog: Christie. The one they made a
dialog: beef on.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh! Him.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: You: know the one I mean?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh yeah. Sure. That guy. I
dialog: know him.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: That Batts was a miserable fuck,
dialog: but his people are looking still
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh yeah. Yeah. I know. I even
dialog: looked into it myself. Nobody
dialog: knows what the fuck happened to
dialog: him. He came in the joint that
dialog: one night and then he disappeared.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: Well, keep your eyes open. They're
dialog: busting my balls looking for the
dialog: fuck.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE - NIGHT 72
text: Henry and Janice, with the crew, are drinking. Morris
text: Kessler is reluctantly paying off a bet at the bar.
text: James calls Henry aside.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We got a problem. That thing we
dialog: took care of upstate?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Paulie was just taking about him.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well, we gotta dig him up again.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The guy just sold the property.
dialog: They're gonna build condominiums
dialog: and I don't want anybody digging
dialog: up the little bastard.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: It's been six months.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's still better than letting
dialog: somebody find him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (nodding in agree-
dialog: ment and concern)
dialog: If Paulie finds out, we got
dialog: problems.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fuck Paulie. If Batts' crew finds
dialog: we whacked him, we got real
dialog: problems.
scene_heading: EXT. HENRY'S CAR PARKED ON DESERTED COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT 73
text: A hot summer night. The car trunk is open. Henry, James
text: and Tommy are struggling with shovels. Henry, sickened
text: by the stench, is wearing his handkerchief over his nose
text: and mouth. Henry looks at James and Tommy. They do not
text: appear to be bothered by.the stench.
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 7
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. HENRY AND KAREN’S SUBURBAN HOME 74
text: Henry is hosing out the trunk of his car. . He has all
text: of the mats, the spare tire, and jack out of the trunk.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What happened to the car?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (annoyed at Karen's
dialog: prying)
dialog: I hit. a skunk.
text: Henry sprinkles in a bottle of perfume and slams the
text: trunk shut. .
scene_heading: INT. JANICE'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT : 75
text: We see Janice showing off her new apartment to the giris,
text: including SANDY, a sexy, dark-haired girl. We hear
text: Henry, Tommy, Carbone and Manri laughing in b.g. The
text: apartment is decorated in Ocean Parkway Ming. There
text: are thick velvet-covered sofa and blue-glass ‘coffee
text: table in bedroom and we see a satin-covered, king-
text: size bed with a doll propped against the pillows.
text: We see Janice lean over and show her girlfriends,
text: including Sandy, the red ruffles.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I set up Janice in an apartment
text: around the corner from the Suite.
dialog: That way I was able to stay over
dialog: a couple of nights a week. Karen
dialog: was home with the kids anyway and
dialog: she never asked any questions
dialog: anyway.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDAL SHOP - BACKROOM : 76
text: Henry is strangling the owner of a bridal shop with
text: his own tie while Tommy and James laugh.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Janice and I were having so much
dialog: fun, she started screwing up at
dialog: work, and I had to straighten
text: out her boss a little bit.
scene_heading: INT. JANICE'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT 77
text: We see Janice suddenly lifted off her feet and thrown
text: on the bed. We see Henry and the girls laughing.
text: As Henry lifts Janice off her feet, he winks at Sandy,
text: who smiles back.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE - BASEMENT CARD GAME - NIGHT 78
text: Glazed walls, ornate sconces, and a rumpus room bar.
text: Henry, James, Tommy and other wiseguys are playing cards.
text: Tommy is a little drunk. Spider, a 22-year-old
text: apprentice hood, is waiting on the players, bringing
dialog: them drinks. The sort of thing we saw Henry doing
text: earlier. Tommy is feeling expansive. He throws his
text: jacket open to reveal a gun tucked in his belt.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Spider. C'mon, get me a seven
dialog: and seven.
text: We see Spider deliver a drink to Henry and slowly back
text: toward the bar.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Spider. What did I say? Did I
dialog: say I was dying over here? Come
dialog: on. Move it. Don't walk, dance.
dialog: (to his fellow
dialog: players)
dialog: Did you ever see in the cowboy
dialog: movies where they make them dance?
dialog: Did you see The Oklahoma Kid, the
dialog: only cowboy movie Cagney ever
dialog: made? Come on, dance, you varmit.
text: We see Tommy taking out his guns.
speaker_heading: SPIDER
dialog: Tommy, don't fuck around.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Yahooo.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Tommy, don't fuck around. Put the
dialog: gun away. Tommy!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: No, no. It's okay.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Tommy, come on. Put the gun away.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: No. It's okay. Just watch this.
dialog: Watch it.
text: The GUN EXPLODES and we see Spider shot in the foot.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: EXT. HENRY'S HOUSE - EVENING 79
text: We see a set of keys come flying out the window. TILT
text: DOWN TO keys.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BEDROOM
text: Henry is furious. He pushes past Karen and looks out
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I gotta go out!
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Not tonight, you're not. Not
dialog: without the car keys, you're not.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Are you nuts?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I don't care. Something's going
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: That again.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (shrieking and
dialog: in tears)
dialog: You're a liar. I look at you
dialog: and I know you're a liar.
text: We see Henry pick up a large lamp and throw it at Karen.
text: He misses.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (suddenly calm and
dialog: walking out)
dialog: I need some air. I need a Little
text: peace. At least at home.
text: We see Karen sit down on bed and begin to cry. We hear
text: the CHILDREN CRYING in background.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE - BASEMENT CARD GAME - ANGLE ON SPIDER - 80
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: with bandaged foot, and Henry walking in, and TILT UP TO
dialog: both of them.
text: James, Tommy and some hoods are playing cards. Tommy is
text: already drunk.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 80
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey! Look at this. Fred Astaire,
dialog: back from the wars. Can you
dialog: believe this guy? That bandage.
text: It's bigger than his foot.
text: Spider ignores him.
text: The card game is going on. Shirts are unbuttoned. The
text: table filled with empty glasses.. Spider limps over
dialog: with drinks.
speaker_heading: . TOMMY
dialog: Spider. You're so full of shit.
dialog: Even with that food, I bet you
dialog: can dance.
text: Spider puts the drinks down and tries to ignore Tommy
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Come on, Spider. Come on. Let's
dialog: see you dance.
speaker_heading: SPIDER
dialog: Why don't you go fuck yourself.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Hey, Spider. That's very good.
dialog: Did you hear Spider? The kid's
dialog: got balls. See, the kid's got
dialog: balls. He's a good kid.
text: Spider starts to limp proudly back to the bar.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (whispering to Tommy)
dialog: You going to take that shit from
dialog: this punk? This fuckin' lowlife.
dialog: This kid's got bigger balls than
dialog: you'll have any day. He just got
dialog: shot in the foot by you and he
dialog: tells you to go fuck yourself.
dialog: I can't believe this shit.
dialog: (to the crew,
dialog: roaring with
dialog: laughter)
dialog: Can you believe this shit?
dialog: (to Tommy, almost
dialog: whispering)
dialog: Tommy! You gonna take that shit
dialog: from a punk?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 80
text: The players are all laughing loudly. Spider is proudly
text: standing near the bar. And, before anyone has any idea
text: of what is about to happen, Tommy pulls out one of his
text: two GUNS and puts THREE DEAFENING SHOTS into Spider's
dialog: chest.
text: Everyone is frozen in silence. Henry is upset by
text: shooting. There is a long pause.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: All right, you dumb fuck, if
dialog: you're going to be a big fuckin’
dialog: wiseguy, you can dig the hole.
text: We see a frowning Tommy get up from table and slowly
text: begin moving chairs around to get ready to dig the
dialog: hole.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: After Billy Batts and Spider,
dialog: everything was going crazy. Not
dialog: just our crew, but everybody. ~
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JANICE'S APARTMENT - DAY 81
text: We see Janice in the apartment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: JANICE'S DOOR
text: We see Karen pressing the buzzer while holding two
text: hysterical children.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Open up! I know you're there!
dialog: You stay away from my husband.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: She wouldn't open the door. I
dialog: rang her bell. Still, she wouldn't
dialog: open. I rang her bell for two
dialog: hours, and she kept on hiding.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - ON HENRY'S SLEEPING FACE 82
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
text: CAMERA is LOOKING AT him. Feel a presence on top of him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 82
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
text: We hear a CLICK. Henry's eyes open. Henry looks up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY'S POV
text: We see the gun aiming right THROUGH the LENS. We can see
text: the bullets in the chamber.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (straddling Henry
text: in bed, holding a
dialog: gun)
dialog: Henry.
dialog: (pulls back the
dialog: hammer)
dialog: Wake up.
dialog: * BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (always deny)
dialog: What's the matter with you? You're
dialog: erazy.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (hysterically)
dialog: Crazy? I'm ‘crazy enough to shoot
dialog: you and her.
scene_heading: COVERED BY SERIES OF QUICK CLOSEUP CUTS
text: Karen sweating, Henry's profile, the hammer of the gun,
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: But still I couldn't hurt him.
dialog: How could I hurt him? I couldn't
dialog: even bring myself to leave him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: sweating.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: {carefully moving
dialog: his head away
dialog: from the gun)
dialog: It's all bullshit. I swear. It's
dialog: nothing. Whatever you want, we'll
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: ~~
dialog: io
dialog: 83
dialog: rm
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 82
speaker_heading: HENRY'S PROFILE
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: KAREN'S TRIGGER FINGER
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: The truth was, that no matter how
dialog: bad I felt, I was still very
dialog: attracted to him. Why should I
dialog: give him up to someone else? Why
dialog: should she win?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (quickly moving
dialog: his head away
dialog: and grabbing
dialog: the gun)
dialog: Son of a bitch.
text: We see Henry slap Karen across the face and knock her off
dialog: the bed.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (angrily getting
text: out of bed and
dialog: packing his
dialog: clothes)
dialog: I don't need this bulishit. I
dialog: got enough to worry about getting
dialog: whacked on the street. I gotta
dialog: come home to get whacked?
text: We see Karen crying.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I swear on my mother, I should
dialog: kill you. You're fucking crazy.
text: We see Henry hit her. He is about to hit her again,
text: but stops. He turns his back on her and opens the door
text: of his closet roughly grabbing some clothes as if getting
dialog: ready to pack.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JANICE'S APARTMENT - DAY 83
text: Henry opens the door and Paul Cicero and James enter.
text: They walk toward the kitchen. The place is in disarray.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (to Janice)
dialog: Honey. Go get me some cigarettes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83
dialog: ~
dialog: oo
dialog: 84
dialog: ~~
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 83
text: Janice leaves without saying a word.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (after watching the
dialog: door close)
text: Karen's come to the house. She's
dialog: very upset. It's no goed. You
dialog: gotta straighten this all out.
text: Henry looks down.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Things gotta be calm right now,
dialog: and Karen's so high-strung. She's
dialog: with Mickey every day. Who knows
dialog: what she's gonna do?
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: James and Tommy were supposed to
dialog: pick up something in Tampa for
dialog: me this weekend.
text: James nods in agreement.
speaker_heading: CICERO (V.0.)
dialog: You go with James, instead, Get
dialog: away for a few days. Relax.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. REAR SEAT OF CAR - NIGHT 84
text: We see MAN's bleeding face being punched.
speaker_heading: CICERO (V.0.)
dialog: Enjoy yourselves. Have a good
dialog: time. Then, when you get back
dialog: Monday, you go home to Karen.
text: We PULL BACK to see James and Henry beating a Man who
text: is squashed between them.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: I ain't got it. I swear.
text: We see James and Henry beat him more.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I can't. I swear.
text: We see James and Henry look at each other.
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: EXT. TAMPA ZOO - EXIT SIGN TO BUSCH GARDENS - NIGHT 85
text: We hear the ROAR of LIONS.
text: We see James and Henry drag the bookie out of the car
text: by his arms and legs just outside the zoo.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We're gonna feed the bastard to
dialog: the lions.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (while dragging
dialog: bookie)
dialog: What lions? I'm not going near
dialog: any lions.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We only have to shove'’m over the
dialog: moat.
text: We see the Man finally begin to squirm and scream.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE PHONE BOOTH - ANGLE ON BLEEDING MAN - 86
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: on phone with James and Henry waiting outside.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: They must really feed each other
dialog: to the lions down there, because
dialog: the guy gave the money right up
dialog: and we got to spend the rest of
text: the weekend at the track.
dialog: (pause and genuine
dialog: shock)
dialog: But then, I couldn't believe what
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NEWSPAPER PICTURE
dialog: of Henry and James getting arrested.
speaker_heading: , HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: When we got home, we were all
text: over the newspapers. At first,
dialog: I didn't even know why we got
dialog: picked up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: : 86
speaker_heading: NEWSPAPER PHOTO
text: of man they beat being arrested with his head bandaged.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Then, I found out, that the guy
dialog: we roughed up turned out to
dialog: have a sister working as a typist
dialog: for the F.B.I.
speaker_heading: GOVERNMENT OFFICE
text: where sobbing typist is surrounded by men in business
dialog: suits. :
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Who could believe it? Of all
dialog: the fucking people. She gave up
dialog: everybody. James. Me. Even
dialog: her brother. :
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY : 87
text: Henry and James before judge. Karen and children crying
text: in court: Other family members present and crying.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: It took the jury six hours to bring
dialog: us in guilty. The judge gave James
dialog: and me ten years like he was giving
dialog: away candy.
scene_heading: INT. MAXWELL'S PLUM - BAR - LATE AFTERNOON 88
dialog: Tommy, Morris Kessler, Joe Manri, Stacks Edwards, Frenchy
text: McMahon, etc., are all having drinks with Henry before
text: he goes off to prison.
text: We see by the bar clock that it is four o'clock.
text: Suddenly, Karen comes charging into the bar. She is
text: angry. She has tracked Henry down.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: I thought you were supposed to
dialog: turn yourself in at ten o'clock
dialog: this morning?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I'm just having my last few
dialog: drinks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I've been all over town. I got a
text: call from the bondsman. He says
dialog: they're going to rescind your bail
dialog: if you don't show up and sign in
dialog: right now. They're going to take
dialog: away the house.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Shit.
text: Henry looks at his pals, orders his last Screaming Eagle
text: for a while, and gently touches the tips of Karen's
text: fingers. He swallows his drink, hugs and kisses a
text: tearful Karen and walks out of the bar to a long, white
text: stretch limo waiting at the curb.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Say hello to James.
text: Henry gets in the rear seat of the limo.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (downing a palm
dialog: full of Valium)
dialog: Okay, now you can take me to jail.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEWISBURG FEDERAL PRISON - DORMITORY - CLOSEUP - 89
speaker_heading: GARLIC
text: being sliced razor thin.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Dinner was always a big thing. We
dialog: had a pasta course and then meat
dialog: or fish. Paulie did the prep
dialog: work. He was doing a year for
dialog: contempt and he had a system for
dialog: doing garlic. He used a razor and
dialog: he sliced it so thin it used to
text: liquify in the pan with a little
dialog: oil.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HOT PLATE
text: with a pot full of tomato sauce and meatballs being
dialog: stirred.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: wont,
dialog: 89
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Vinnie was in charge of the tomato
dialog: sauce. I felt he put in too many
dialog: onions, but it was a good sauce
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FRYING PAN
text: with smoking steaks.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Johnny Dio did the meat. We
dialog: didn't have a broiler, so Johnny
dialog: did everything in pans. He
dialog: smelled up the joint something
dialog: awful and the hacks used to die.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HOT PLATE
text: hooked up by long extension cord to an electric outlet in
text: the toilet. There are huge kitchen knives, a block
text: of ice in a tin pail covered with a cloth and large pots
dialog: and colanders necessary for cooking pasta dishes.
text: PULL BACK TO a large dorm with four beds separated by
text: shoulder-height partitions. The room does not look like
text: a prison. There are curtains over the bars. The room
text: is filled with smoke from the pan-fried steak.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Everybody else in the joint was
dialog: doing real time, all mixed
text: together, living like pigs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: in grey prison garb, carrying a heavy canvas mail sack
text: marked "LEWISBURG PRISON.” He dumps the sacks on one of
dialog: the beds. -
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.) -
dialog: We lived alone. We owned the
dialog: joint. Even those hacks who we
dialog: couldn't bribe would never rat on
dialog: the guys who did.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: P™
dialog: ro
dialog: 90
dialog: o~
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 89
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: opens the sack on his bed and pulls out bottles of wine,
text: Scotch, and brandy, and holds them aloft.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (looking for praise)
dialog: Nice? Good?
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (looking up from his
dialog: garlic surgery)
dialog: Okay. What else?
text: We see Henry reach in the sack and pull out cheeses,
text: dried sausages, a large jar of vinegar peppers and dried
dialog: mushrooms.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (beaming with pride)
dialog: Now we eat.
dialog: ,
text: We see Henry begin to set the table.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CICERO AND REST OF MOB BOSSES
text: playing cards, and sipping wine, Scotch and brandy.
text: Henry is sitting on his bed with his back to the group.
text: When he sees that no one is watching him, he pulis a
text: black plastic garbage bag out of the sack. Henry opens
text: the bag and quickly counts the clear plastic bags of
text: marijuana, glassine envelopes of heroin and bottles of
text: pills. Henry quickly repacks the drugs and slips them
text: under his covers.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON ENTRY GATE - DAY 90
text: Visiting day. Henry is in a guard's booth watching the
text: visitors' gate through a window. We see a GUARD in the
text: room with Henry. There is a KNOCK. The Guard opens the
text: door and looks at Henry. Henry nods. The Guard lets
text: the inmate enter. While the Guard watches, the inmate
text: gives Henry some cash and Henry gives him one of the
text: plastic bags filled with marijuana and a bottle of pills.
text: The inmate is then escorted out by the Guard who closes
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Are there any more?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: 9L
dialog: 92
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 90
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (looking intently at
dialog: the visiting gate)
dialog: No, that's it. No more today.
text: We see Henry casually stuff some bills into the Guard's
dialog: shirt pocket.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. VISITORS’ GATE - ANGLE ON KAREN - DAY 91
text: coming through. She is wearing such a large, oversized |
dialog: coat that Karen looks twice as big as she was when we
text: last saw her. . She has the two children with her. She
text: is carrying a large purse and some empty shopping bags.
text: The guards see her and immediately help her get through
text: the metal detection device and past the table where
text: other women are emptying the contents of their bags and
dialog: packages.
speaker_heading: cUT TO:
speaker_heading: REGISTRATION DESK
text: where Karen quickly signs the visitors’ book.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
speaker_heading: GUARD'S GRINNING FACE
text: We see him turn page of book so Karen can see the name
dialog: of another of Henry's visitors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: PAGE OF BOOK
text: We see name, "Janice Rossi" written next to HILL, HENRY.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON WAITING ROOM 92
text: PAN BACK TO a large gymnasium filled with formica tables
text: and cheap plastic chairs at which we see prisoners and
text: their wives and children eating, talking, crying and,
text: in discreet corners -- hidden behind makeshift screens
text: of shopping bags and scarves -- having oral sex.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 92
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 92
text: We see that the bored guards are indifferent to what is
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TABLE
text: Henry and Karen are talking while we see the children
text: playing in the distance at the commissary food machines.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (fuming)
dialog: You son of a bitch. She's been
dialog: here. -
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (acting dumb)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (gottcha)
dialog: Don't lie to me. I saw her name
text: in the register.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Jezuz Christ!
speaker_heading: KAREN ~
dialog: You want her to visit you? Good! .
dialog: Let her stay up all night crying
dialog: and writing letters to the parole
dialog: board.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (astounded)
dialog: What am I doing? I'm in here!
dialog: I'm in jail. I can't stop people
dialog: from coming to see me.
text: We see Karen open her coat revealing large inside pockets
text: where she has stowed salamis, wine, cigarettes, cartons
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You want her? Good! Let her
dialog: sneak this stuff in for you.
text: We see Karen slam a salami on the table with such a thud
text: that the other prisoners and wives turn around.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Let her fight with these creep
dialog: bastards every week to make life
dialog: easier for you!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 92
text: We see Karen slam down cigarettes and wine with a thud,
text: this time we see a guard turn around and look at Karen
dialog: and Henry and the contraband on the table. Pause. We
text: see the guard turn his head away.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Stop! - Stop!
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Let her carry this. shit inside.
text: We see Karen boldly wave a baggie filled with marijuana
text: and some plastic medicine containers with pills.
text: Henry grab the narcotics out of Karen's hand and grabs
text: her. We see Henry hug Karen to him and we see her drop
text: her arms and hug him.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (quietly sobbing)
dialog: Nobody's helping me. Tommy got
dialog: four years. Morris and Belle are
dialog: broke. I asked your friend Remo
dialog: for the money he owed you, and
dialog: you know what he told me?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (stroking her head
dialog: and soothing her)
dialog: It'll be okay.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: He told me to take the kids to the
dialog: police station and make the cops
dialog: put me on welfare.
text: We see Henry take the drugs from Karen's hand and slip
text: it into his shirt.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We've got to help each other.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Even Paulie, since he got out, I
dialog: hardly see him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It's only you and me. That's what
dialog: happens when you go away. We're
dialog: on our own. Forget. everybody.
dialog: Forget Paulie. As Iong as he's on
dialog: parole he doesn't want anybody
dialog: doing anything.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92
dialog: o~
dialog: v~
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: o~
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 92
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: I can't do it anymore.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yes, you can. I've got it set
dialog: up. We'll be fine. All I need
dialog: is for you to keep bringing the
dialog: stuff. I've got a guy in here
dialog: from Pittsburgh who'll move it
dialog: for me. Believe me, in a month
dialog: we'll be fine. We won't need
dialog: anybody.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I'm afraid. I'm afraid if Paulie
dialog: finds out.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Don't worry about Paulie. Is he
dialog: helping you? Is he putting food
dialog: on the table? We've got to help
dialog: ourselves. We just have to be
dialog: careful while we do it.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (looking in his face)
dialog: I don't want to hear about her
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (hugging her to him)
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: TITLE - FOUR YEARS LATER
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON GATE - DAY 93
text: Henry comes out in civilian clothes. We see his face
text: drop. PAN OVER to the beat-up old car. Karen is behind
text: the wheel. Henry gets in.
scene_heading: INT. KAREN'S SMALL, CRAMPED APARTMENT 94
text: The signs of wealth are long gone. Henry sees that
text: Karen has been living four tough, lean years.
text: Their daughters are watching as Henry looks around the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 74,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 94
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (smiling faintly)
dialog: Get packed. We're getting out of
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: With what?
speaker_heading: , HENRY
dialog: (smiling, slyly)
dialog: Don't worry with what. You just
dialog: start looking for a new place.
dialog: I'm going to Pittsburgh in the
dialog: morning. The guys from Pittsburgh
dialog: they owe me fifteen grand from our
dialog: little partnership and it's only
dialog: the beginning.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: But you've got to see your parole
dialog: officer in the afternoon and...
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I promised we'd take Lois to
dialog: F.A.O. Schwarz.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Don't worry about it. You
dialog: listening to me? Now, come on.
dialog: We gotta go see Paulie.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CICERO'S HOUSE - ANGLE ON PLATTERS OF FOOD - DAY 95
text: coming out of the kitchen and placed on the table.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: DOCK - IN REAR OF CICERO'S HOUSE
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: CICERO AND HENRY
text: walking toward the edge of the dock.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: I don't want any more of that
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: ; HENRY
dialog: Wha? Me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 75.
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: Just stay away from the garbage.
dialog: You know what I mean.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Me? Why would I get into that
dialog: shit?
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I know what you did inside. You .
dialog: did what you had to do. I'm not.
dialog: talking about that. I'm talking
dialog: from now on, outside. I'm
dialog: talking right here.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why would I get into that?
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: Don't make me a fool. You know
dialog: what I mean. From now on, you
dialog: gotta be careful. Just don't mess
dialog: around with that shit, and watch
dialog: out for James. James' a good
dialog: earner, but he's sometimes too
dialog: hungry. He's wild. He does
dialog: foolish things. James is not a
dialog: businessman. As good as he is,
dialog: he takes too many chances.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I know that. I know James. You
dialog: think I'd take chances like James?
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: And that Tommy. He's a good kid,
dialog: but he's crazy. He's a cowboy.
dialog: He's got too much to prove. You
dialog: got to watch out for kids like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Paulie, I know. I know what they
dialog: are. But I use them for certain
dialog: things. Please. Believe me, you
dialog: don't have to worry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: (2) 95
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (not even listening
dialog: to Henry's protest)
dialog: I'm not going to get fucked like
dialog: Gribbs. He's seventy years old
dialog: and the fucking guy is going to
dialog: die in prison. I don't need that.
dialog: I don't care who it is. I'm
dialog: warning everybody. Gribbs got
dialog: twenty years just because he said
dialog: hello to some fuck who was
dialog: sneaking around selling junk
dialog: behind his. back. That's not going
dialog: to happen to me. You understand?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Paulie. Why would I? I swear.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: You're only home early because
dialog: we got you a job, right? And I
dialog: don't need any heat. You
dialog: understand?
text: Henry nods.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: And, if you hear about anybody
dialog: else fucking around with that
dialog: shit, you tell me.
text: Henry nods again.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (gently slapping
dialog: Henry on the
dialog: cheek)
dialog: Anybody! You understand?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 96 INT. SANDY'S BASEMENT APARTMENT - ANGLE ON SANDY'S HANDS 96
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: mixing coke in metal bowl. We see Henry standing behind
text: her. Sandy is an intense, sexy, 30-year-old, divorced,
dialog: ex-airport clerk. (Sandy is described earlier in Scene
text: #75, page 57, where. she flirts with Henry.) The apart-
text: ment is a jumbled mess and even the table where she is
text: cutting the drugs is littered with old coffee cups,
text: newspapers, and day-old dirty dishes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: It took me about a week of
dialog: sneaking around before I could
dialog: unload the Pittsburgh stuff
dialog: without Paulie finding out. But
dialog: when I did, it was a real score.
dialog: I started using Sandy's place
dialog: ‘to mix the stuff-and-even with
text: Sandy's snorting more than she
dialog: mixed, I could see this was a
dialog: good business. I made twelve
dialog: thousand dollars in my second
dialog: week and I had a down payment
dialog: on my house. All I had to do
dialog: was every once in a while, tell
dialog: Sandy I loved her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAROLE OFFICE - TIGHT ON PIECE OF PAPER - DAY 97
text: where stubby pencil calculations are being scribbled.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: It was perfect. As long as I
dialog: kept getting the stuff from
dialog: Pittsburgh, I knew Paulie would
dialog: never find out. But within a
dialog: couple of weeks it got to be so
dialog: big I needed help. I got James
dialog: and Tommy to come in with me.
speaker_heading: HENRY (0.5. )
dialog: Fifteen, sixteen, eighteen,
dialog: twenty-one-five.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: opening a shoe box he has hidden in a plastic grocery
text: bag. James and Tommy lean close to Henry in order to
dialog: see inside.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Did I tell you?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OPEN SHOE BOX
text: filled with twenty dollar bills.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: : 97
speaker_heading: JAMES (0.5S.)
dialog: Nice. :
speaker_heading: TOMMY (0.S.)
dialog: Who's buying?
text: We see Henry's thumb run through the tightly-stacked
text: twenties like piano keys.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
text: in tired business suit coming out of door, over which
text: we see sign reading "UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
scene_heading: - PAROLE DIVISION"...
text: And we see that Henry, James and Tommy are in the large
text: brightly-lit parole office counting their drug profits.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: (overworked and
dialog: looking around the
dialog: crowded waiting
dialog: room)
dialog: Conway?
text: We see James and PAROLE OFFICER walk into the office.
speaker_heading: PAROLE OFFICER
dialog: Still working?
text: Door closes.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: WHOLE FLOOR
text: filled with ex-con parolees.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S NEW HOUSE 98
text: We see Morris Kessler and his wife, Belle, being taken on a
text: tour of an over-decorated and expensive living room.
dialog: (NOTE: Shot almost like a commercial.)
speaker_heading: KAREN (0.8.)
dialog: This we had to have made special.
dialog: I mean, sit in it. Go ahead. Sit.
text: Belle plops onto sofa.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 98
speaker_heading: KAREN (0.5.)
dialog: The others you couldn't even sit
dialog: in. And from here, watch the
dialog: wall.
text: Karen's hand flicks a switch on table next to sofa, and
text: wall slides back, revealing TV and stereo.
speaker_heading: KAREN (0.S.)
dialog: See. It opens. We had the
dialog: electricians fix it up special.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: LARGE MARBLE TOP TABLE
speaker_heading: KAREN (0.8.)
dialog: This we imported. It came in two
dialog: pieces.
dialog: ON third object, PAN TO Karen.
text: As Karen and Belle Kessler disappear behind swinging
text: kitchen doors, Morris and Henry drop onto the sofa.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: It's a fait accompli?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: And James's in it, right?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Will you stop?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: But you don't understand. It's
dialog: worth millions. It's once in a
dialog: lifetime. We'll be rich. No
dialog: more nut every week. I've been
dialog: cultivating this thing for two
dialog: years.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S LOUNGE 99
text: a seedy mob hangout. We see all of the wiseguys who will
text: be a part of the Lufthansa robbery. Morris, Henry, Tommy,
text: and James are watching a basketbail game.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: And these are the guys.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: : 99
scene_heading: TOMMY AND FRANKY CARBONE
text: who are leaning with their backs against the bar, their
text: jackets open, bosses of all they survey.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Tommy and Carbone were going to
dialog: grab the outside guard and make
dialog: him get us in the front door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FRENCHY McMAHON
text: who is playing shuffleball.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Frenchy and --
dialog: cut TO:
speaker_heading: JOE BUDDHA
text: sprinkling sawdust on the shuffleboard table.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Joe Buddha had to round up the
dialog: workers.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
speaker_heading: FAT LOUIE
text: who is about 300 pounds and is sitting backwards in a
text: chair, watching the TELEVISION with a drink in his hand.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Fat Louis had to keep them tied
text: up and away from alarms.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MORRIS
text: shoving his way between James and Henry at the bar and
text: turning to the television basketball game.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.).
dialog: Only Morris was driving us nuts.
text: He was busting James's balls for
dialog: an advance on the money we were
dialog: going to steal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 99
speaker_heading: STACKS EDWARDS
text: who is sitting at the bar, delicately stirring his
text: drink with his pinky.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Even Stacks got in on it. He
dialog: was supposed to steal the panel
dialog: truck and afterwards compact it
dialog: by a friend of ours in Jersey.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KAREN AND HENRY'S BEDROOM - ANGLE ON BABY - DAY 100
text: LOIS BYRD, a young, pale blonde woman, puts the baby and
text: an overnight bag on the bed as Henry and Karen watch.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I had everybody working. Even our
dialog: old babysitter.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (enthused)
dialog: She's beautiful. Look at her.
dialog: Henry, look at her.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (singsong)
dialog: Hello! Hello!
dialog: (to Lois)
dialog: Have a good flight?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: I hate Pittsburgh.
text: We see Lois Byrd unwrap the baby's pink snowsuit and
text: take off its hood and mittens as Henry opens Lois's
text: overnight bag and takes out some Pampers and then he
text: takes out several plastic bags with cocaine and heroin.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Where'd you find such creeps?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: They're okay and it's worth it.
dialog: Ain't it?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (playing with the
dialog: baby)
dialog: Is this the same one as last time?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: (amazed that Karen
dialog: can't tell the
dialog: difference)
dialog: No. That one was my sister's.
dialog: This is Louise's.
speaker_heading: KARNE
dialog: Look at her, Henry, is she sweet?
dialog: Doesn't she look like Lois?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: That's what the stewardess said.
text: We see Henry barely listening while putting the drugs in
dialog: a@ paper bag.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SANDY'S HOUSE - EXTREME CLOSEUP - COKEBALLS 101
text: COME BACK to see Henry at table making “"cokeballs" in a
dialog: metal press.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: LINE OF COKE ON MIRROR
text: shoved under Henry's nostril.
text: We see straw inserted into Henry's nostril as he
text: casually inhales. He never stops pressing the cokeballs.
text: TRACK OUT TO Sandy taking a snort herself, and the sloppy
text: table with the drugs, scales, mixers, bowls and sieves.
text: Sandy is razor-blading two more lines.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (watching out of
dialog: the corner of his
dialog: eye)
dialog: Hey! Watch out.
text: We see Sandy lick her finger and then run her finger
text: across Henry's tongue. He licks, but does not react as
text: he takes several golfball-size cokeballs out of the
text: machine and puts them in a leather pouch. He gets up
dialog: to leave.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Stay there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: —_e we we
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 83.
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Don't start. I told you to clean
dialog: up. Look at this place. It's a
dialog: pigpen. Look around here. Why do
dialog: you think I bought you the
dialog: dishwasher? Look. Look at this.
dialog: (sticking his finger
dialog: under ‘Sandy's nose)
dialog: There's enough powder around here
dialog: to put us all away.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: (licking Henry's finger
text: and playfully pushing
dialog: him into the chair)
dialog: I hate to do dishes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (sitting down again)
dialog: Hey, come on. I gotta meet
dialog: somebody.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: (reaching over his
dialog: shoulder toward
dialog: his crotch)
dialog: So do I.
dialog: = =
text: We see Henry look at his watch.
scene_heading: 102 INT. SANDY'S SHOWER 102
text: Henry is listening to the RADIO while taking his SHOWER.
speaker_heading: RADIO NEWS BROADCASTER (V.0.)
dialog: .».. and nobody knows for sure just
dialog: how much was taken in the daring
dialog: pre-dawn raid at the Lufthansa
text: cargo terminal at Kennedy Airport.
dialog: The F.B.I. says two million
dialog: dollars, Port Authority police
dialog: say four million dollars, the city
dialog: cops say five. How much maximum?
dialog: That they won't say. So far,
dialog: Lufthansa has not said anything,
dialog: but they've promised to break
text: their silence soon with a press
dialog: conference, and W.1I.N.S. will be
dialog: there to cover it live from the
text: scene of the heist at J.F.K.
dialog: when they do.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: oe
dialog: 103
dialog: aa
dialog: ~~
dialog: 84,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 102
speaker_heading: RADIO NEWS BROADCASTER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It looks like a big one. Maybe the
dialog: biggest this town has ever seen.
dialog: Stay tuned...
text: Henry slams the soap onto the shower floor and pounds
text: the wall with joy.
speaker_heading: SANDY (0.8.)
dialog: Are you okay? What happened?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Nothing. I dropped the soap.
dialog: That's all.
scene_heading: EXT. ROBERT'S LOUNGE - NIGHT ‘ 103
text: Private Christmas party. As they arrive, Henry and Karen
text: are hugged by James in the doorway. It is a Lufthansa
text: victory party, but no one mentions the robbery:
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (grabbing Henry
dialog: around the neck
dialog: and kissing his
dialog: head)
dialog: Come here.
dialog: (to Karen)
dialog: Look at this genius.
text: James keeps his arms around Henry and Karen as FAT LOUIE
text: CAFORA shows up with his new wife, Dolores, who is also
text: over 200 pounds. They are beaming with pride.
speaker_heading: FAT LOUIE
dialog: (to James and
dialog: Henry.)
dialog: Come outside. I gotta show you.
text: Just for a minute.
text: We see a new pink Caddy convertible. The sticker is
text: still in the window.
speaker_heading: FAT LOUIE (0.8.)
dialog: Is that beautiful? I got it for
dialog: Dolores.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (whispering angrily
dialog: at Fat Louie)
dialog: You fucking nuts? Didn't I say
dialog: not to go buy anything for a while.
dialog: You got a fucking car?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 103
speaker_heading: FAT LOUIE
dialog: (trying to placate
text: James as he enters the
dialog: bar)
dialog: Don't get excited. It's okay.
dialog: My mother bought it for us. It's
text: a wedding present. It's in her
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You're crazy. The bulls are across
text: the street. They're watching
dialog: everything we do.
dialog: CUT TO:.
scene_heading: EXT. ROBERT'S LOUNGE
text: Cops in front.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: as he watches Fat Louie walk into the bar.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (angrily whispering
dialog: to Henry)
dialog: The fat fuck ought to wear a sign.
text: We see a smiling Franky Carbone walk in the door and we
text: see that his WIFE is wearing a $30,000 sable coat.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Jesus Christ! Are you all fucking
dialog: nuts?
speaker_heading: CARBONE
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: What's the matter with him?
text: Before Henry can answer, we see James start to grab the
text: coat off MRS. CARBONE'S back.
speaker_heading: CARBONE
dialog: Hey? What the fuck are you doing?
speaker_heading: MRS. CARBONE
dialog: (hysteria rising)
dialog: Franky! He's taking my coat!
dialog: Franky!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 103
text: Meanwhile, we see James grabbing the coat off Mrs.
text: Cabone's back and begin to roll it up and shove it under
text: Carbone's arm.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (furiously, to Carbone)
dialog: Didn't I tell you not to get
dialog: anything big? Didn't I tell you
dialog: not to attract attention? In two
dialog: days, one fuck buys a Caddy and
dialog: another buys a.ten thousand dollar
dialog: mink.
dialog: (to Henry}
dialog: Can you believe this shit?
dialog: (to Carbone, with
dialog: Some menace)
dialog: Now get the fuck home and get rid
dialog: ef the coat. Bring it back to
dialog: where you got it. I don't care
dialog: what you do, just get rid of it.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARBONE
dialog: (to Carbone, hysterical
dialog: and angry)
dialog: I'm not giving it back. Franky?
dialog: Do you hear me?
text: We see Carbone angrily grab his wife's arm and leave.
speaker_heading: CARBONE
dialog: Did I tell you to shut up? Shut up!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to Henry, as they
dialog: walk toward the bar)
dialog: Fucking guys. Can you believe
dialog: them. I told them all: Don't
dialog: attract attention. Act normal.
text: At the bar, we see Stacks Edwards and his girlfriend drop-
text: ping shot glasses of green creme de menthe into large
text: glasses of chilled Dom Perignon. Tommy and his girl-for-
text: the-night are standing with Stacks and his girlfriend.
text: Tommy is wearing a shiny silk suit that practically glows
text: with newness. We see Frenchy and Buddha with their wives.
text: Everyone is dressed in new clothes and flashing gaudy
dialog: rings.
text: James and Henry move toward a quiet corner of the bar.
text: We see Morris Kessler suddenly burst in on them.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Oh! There you are. I've been
dialog: looking all over for you two.’
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: we
dialog: 103
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 103
text: Henry and James stare at Morris, blankly.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Listen. I need it, James. I
dialog: need it all.
text: James gets up to walk away without even looking at Morris.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Morris, relax. You saw some money.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (continues anyway)
dialog: But I need it all. I owe people,
dialog: too, you know. .
text: We see James walk toward small office in the back of the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: : MORRIS
dialog: James. Wait. Listen. Please.
text: We see that Morris is about to follow James into the room,
text: but Henry stops him.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I wanna talk to James.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: He heard.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: But I got two hundred and fifty
dialog: coming. It's my share. James
dialog: owes me.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (following James
dialog: into the backroom)
dialog: Morris, please. Let me talk to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BACKROOM
text: James and Henry are alone.
text: We see James take a thick stack of bills from inside his
text: jacket pocket and press them into Henry's chest.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: For Christmas. Your share. It's
dialog: just a taste.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 103
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (embracing Henry)
dialog: We did it. We did it.
text: We hear a KNOCK on the door.
text: James stops as if caught.
speaker_heading: MALE (0.5.)
dialog: Hey, James. James.
text: James returns to normal.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yeah, yeah. I'll be right there.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S HOUSE - ANGLE ON HUGE ARTIFIICAL CHRISTMAS 104
speaker_heading: TREE - NIGHT
text: We see Henry coming in with the tree.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hey! Look what I got. The most
dialog: expensive tree they had.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HUGE WHITE TREE :
text: all set up with large purple balis.
text: We see Karen and the children excited by the presents
text: revealed under the tree. We see Karen kiss Henry, who
text: slips a thick packet of bills into the front of her
dialog: dress.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Go buy yourself a coat.
text: Karen shivers with excitement.
text: CAMERA DOLLIES INTO tree.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Lufthansa should have been our
dialog: ultimate.score. The heist of a
dialog: lifetime. Six million in cash.
dialog: More than enough to go around.
dialog: 
dialog: 105
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. STACKS APARTMENT 105
text: Stacks in bed.
text: We hear a loud KNOCKING at the door.
speaker_heading: TOMMY (0.5S.)
dialog: Hey! Stacks! Come on! Open
dialog: the door! Wake up!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: STACKS
text: opening the door.
speaker_heading: FRANKY
dialog: You got coffee?
speaker_heading: STACKS
dialog: Fucks! You said you had coffee.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (to Franky)
text: Put on a pot.
speaker_heading: STACKS
dialog: (putting on his
dialog: trousers)
text: Ball-busting sons of bitches.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: STACKS
text: bending over to put on his shoes.
text: We hear WATER in the sink.
speaker_heading: CuT To:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
text: pulling out a .38 caliber gun with a silencer from his
dialog: belt.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Stacks was always crazy. Instead
dialog: of getting rid of the truck like
dialog: he was supposed to, he got stoned,
dialog: went to his girlfriend's and by
dialog: the time he woke up, the cops had
dialog: found the truck. It was all over
dialog: the television. They even said
dialog: they came up with prints off the
dialog: wheel. It was just a matter of
dialog: time before they got to Stacks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: GOOD FELLAS - Rev. 6/28/89.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “We see James
dialog: the -back -toc
dialog: 
dialog: : . GUT TO: :
scene_heading: 106A BACK ROOM ee 1064, *
dialog: ng)
dialog: 
dialog: ‘about it.
speaker_heading: ~~ ck / oo HENRY
dialog: : ‘There are cops. all over the place.
speaker_heading: * (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
text: As. Henry ‘hugs Tomny. “they” hear a KNOCK at ‘the ‘door.
text: Startled, Henry, Tommy, and James stare atthe. door.
text: a second and leave the back room.
dialog: oe oe
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ~ 06D
text: we. see Henry exit and Morris goes. off.
scene_heading: 00D. FELLAS - Rev. 6/28/89 92,
text: MARROW BALLWAY OUTSIDE BACK ROOM
dialog: este ‘Belting alis oes
dialog: ., Hine ear?» ‘Everything’ 8 ‘gonna be
dialog: 
dialog: Improvise with Morris making Henry laugh and...
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Henry looks. up and sees James looking ¢ at Morris.
scene_heading: EXT.: _ SIDEWALK, OUTSIDE ROBERT'S ‘LOUNGE. BAR.- NEXT DAY 106D°-
dialog: 
text: We see Henry and James walking toward the door.
dialog: “HENRY Wy, Oy Y.
dialog: “I eould see: for the first ‘time
dialog: that James was .a nervous. wreck.
dialog: His mind was going in eight
dialog: - different. directions at. once.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: 106D
dialog: 
speaker_heading: -106E
scene_heading: GOOD FELLAS - Rev. 6/28/89 93, *
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 106D
dialog: 
dialog: : “Maybe. ‘T-ean' use:
dialog: think 1é'5 okay?
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ations vie wait > DAY Se oe 106E
text: James and Henry. continue. walking ‘toward fables in. rear.
dialog: of the bar:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:-
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - “HENRY. /
text: as he ‘sits with James.
speaker_heading: HENRY. (V.0:)
dialog: I was just stalling for time. 1
dialog: ; still-chad till.eight or.nine
dialog: o'clock to talk James out. of
dialog: killing Morris, .but- meanwhile,
dialog: as far as. James knew, I was going
text: along with the pregram.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ‘107
scene_heading: EXT. ROBERT’ s LOUNGE - - DAW Ce es 107
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: We see Morris, dJamés
dialog: long night.” We see Mo:
dialog: James" ears.” :
dialog: Tommy. leaving t the bar after the
dialog: ris lean. over and whisper: ' in
speaker_heading: “JAMES
text: (bursts ‘out. Laughing) -
dialog: ‘Son of a. bitch. You're @ pisser.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
scene_heading: Goon “FELLAS - Rev. 6728/09 ee eee *
scene_heading: 107 CONTINUED: .
dialog: 
dialog: and. the ‘second he closes the Tomaéy’ 1
text: across thefront seat, pull Morris's head i back: by ‘the
text: eye s ekets and slash ‘his: throat. :
text: Morris’ 8 blood sprays. | ‘the windshield and dashboard.
speaker_heading: OUT TO:
dialog: En
scene_heading: 108° INT. HENRE'S HOUSE - wicer 7 108
text: We hear. a DOORBELL; waking ‘Henry. and | Karen from sleep. ~
speaker_heading: ~~ : WOMAN (0.8. ).
dialog: : . Open up: ~.-Henry! “Karen! It's
dialog: me. Belle! :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: BELLE
dialog: In twenty years he's never been
text: away all night without calling.
dialog: I know something's wrong.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Awright, awright. Let me take
dialog: you home and I'11 go look for
dialog: him myself. Right now.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING LOT OUTSIDE SHERWOOD DINER - DAWN 109
text: Henry and James are leaving together.
speaker_heading: . HENRY
dialog: What'1ll I tell Belle?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Who gives a fuck? Tell her he
text: ran away with a broad. What
dialog: do you care about her.
text: Suddenly James spots two FBI men who had been tailing
text: him, dozing in their unmarked car. He starts toward
dialog: their car.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Watch this.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Come on, don't fuck around, will
dialog: ya?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I do it all the time. Bust their
dialog: fucking balls.
speaker_heading: - HENRY
dialog: James... Come on. Fuck ‘em.
dialog: Don't give them the satisfaction.
text: Henry watches James tiptoe up to the Agents’ car and rap
text: on the window. The startled agents look and see James
text: staring at them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Come on, fuckoes. Let's go for
dialog: a ride.
dialog: (to Henry as James
dialog: starts his car)
dialog: I keep ‘em up all fucking night.
text: While Henry walks to his own car, we see James ROAR off
text: and we hear the SQUEAL of TIRES and brakes as James and
text: still sleepy agents in pursuit speed away from the club.
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFORA'S PINK CADILLAC PARKED ON BROOKLYN STREET 110
scene_heading: NEAR SCHOOL BUS STOP - MORNING
text: We see some youngsters walk over to peek in the car. The
text: youngsters are giggling. One boy sneaks up alongside the
text: car door and peeks inside. We hear a yell.
text: We see the bodies of Fat Louie Cafora and his wife,
text: Dolores, slumped against each other on the front seat.
text: Blood has caked all over their faces from small bullet
text: holes in their heads.
scene_heading: EXT. LARGE DUMPSTER BEHIND DINER NEAR AIRPORT - DAWN 111
text: We see large garbage truck back up to the dumpster as
text: garbage man lashes two steel cables to rings on top of
dialog: dumpster.
text: We see garbage man signal for 0.S. to tighten cable and
text: tip dumpster into truck.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP OF TOP OF DUMPSTER
text: as it is tipped over and we see an arm fall over the
text: side and as dumpster tips more we see another arm and
text: the dead faces of Frenchy McMahon and Joe Buddha as
text: garbage man screams to helper 0.5. to stop.
scene_heading: EXT. HUNTS POINT MARKET - TRUCK PARKING LOT - MORNING 112
text: We see the open door of a large refrigeration truck.
text: We see bright lights and flashbulbs go off.
text: CAMERA STEADILY MOVES IN ON frozen body hanging from a
text: rack inside the truck.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: James was cutting every link
text: between himself and the robbery,
dialog: but it had nothing to do with me.
dialog: I gave James the tip and he gave
dialog: me some Christmas money. From
dialog: then on I kept my mouth shut. I
dialog: knew James. He had the cash. It
dialog: was his. I know he kicked some
dialog: money upstairs to Paulie, but
dialog: that was it. It made him sick
dialog: to have to turn money over to the
dialog: guys who stole it. He'd rather
dialog: whack them. Anyway, what did I
dialog: care? I wasn't asking for
dialog: anything and, besides, James was
dialog: making nice money with me through
dialog: my Pittsburgh connections.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 112
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But still, for months after the
dialog: robbery, they were finding bodies
dialog: all over.
text: CAMERAS MOVES ONTO a CLOSEUP of Franky Carbone's frozen
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: When they found Carbone in the
dialog: meat truck, he was frozen so stiff
dialog: it took them two days to thaw him
text: out for the autopsy.
scene_heading: INT. SHERWOOD DINER - DAY . 113
text: A bright sunny afternoon, Henry and James seated in a
text: window booth. We see James eating eggs on pancakes with
text: Sausages and toasted English muffins.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Still, I never saw James so happy.
dialog: He was like a kid. We had money
dialog: coming in through my Pittsburgh
dialog: people and after a while even the
dialog: Lufthansa thing began to calm
dialog: down. But the thing that made
dialog: James so happy that morning was
dialog: that this was the day Tommy was
dialog: being made.
scene_heading: EXT. TOMMY DEVITO'S MOTHER'S HOUSE - MORNING 114
text: We see Tommy is all dressed. He kisses his mother.
text: Tommy walks down the stairs toward two wiseguys and into
text: a waiting. car.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.) ~
dialog: James was so excited, you'd think
dialog: he was being made. He must have
text: made four calls to Tommy's house.
dialog: They had a signal all set up so
dialog: he'd know the minute the ceremony
dialog: was over.
scene_heading: INT. SHERWOOD DINER - DAY 115
text: James has finished his breakfast and spots Henry's
text: untouched melon.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (looking at watch)
dialog: You want the melon?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Nah.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (reaches for the
dialog: melon and looks
dialog: at his watch)
dialog: I-better call again.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: James and I could never be made,
dialog: because we had Irish blood. It
dialog: didn't even matter that my mother.
dialog: was Sicilian. To become a member
dialog: of the crew, you've got to be one
dialog: hundred percent Italian so that
dialog: they can trace all your relatives
dialog: back to the old country.
scene_heading: INT. ONE-FAMILY BRICK BUILDING WITH GARAGE UNDER FIRST 116
speaker_heading: FLOOR
text: We see the car pull into basement garage and door close.
scene_heading: INT. SHERWOOD DINER - HENRY'S POV : 117
text: In window, we see James cross the parking lot to an out-
text: door phone booth on the side of the road. TRUCKS are
text: ROARING past.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: It's the highest honor they can
dialog: give you. It means you belong to
dialog: a family and a crew. It means
dialog: that nobody can fuck around with
dialog: you. It also means you can fuck
dialog: around with anybody, as long as
dialog: they aren't also a member. It's
dialog: like a license to steal.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT ROOM OFF GARAGE 118 .
text: As Tommy proudly walks into the room, followed by the
text: two wiseguys.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: As far as James was concerned,
dialog: with Tommy being made, it was like
dialog: we were all being made. We would
dialog: now have one of our own guys as
dialog: a member.
text: Tommy proudly walks into the room. We see a hood sud-
text: denly appear behind him, put a GUN to his head and FIRE.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 118
text: We see Tommy inertly drop to the ground in a heap.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Except, they didn't make Tommy
dialog: that day.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - JAMES
text: Suddenly, James slams down the phone with so much strength
dialog: that the booth sudders.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: They killed him. It was revenge
dialog: for Billy Batts.
text: When James turns around, we see that he is crying.
text: We see Henry hurrying toward James to console him.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: And there was nothing we could do.
dialog: Batts was a made man and Tommy
dialog: wasn't. We had to sit still and
dialog: take it. It was among the
dialog: Italians. It was real greaseball
dialog: shit. They even shot Tommy in the
dialog: face so his mother couldn't give
text: him an open coffin at the funeral.
scene_heading: COME UP ON DATE -- SUNDAY, JANUARY 11, 1979.
text: TITLE UP -- 6:55 AM.
scene_heading: EXT. HENRY'S DRIVEWAY - DAY 119
text: We see Henry putting a paper bag filled with guns into
text: the trunk of his car. We hear the loud noise of a
text: HELICOPTER. We see Henry look up. We see a red heli-
text: copter. Henry slams the trunk closed. We hear the
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I was going to be busy all day.
dialog: I had to drop off some thirty-
dialog: eights at James's to match some
dialog: silencers he had gotten. I had
dialog: to pick up my brother at the
dialog: hospital and drive him back to the
dialog: house for dinner and then I had to
dialog: pick up some new Pittsburgh stuff
dialog: for Lois to fly down to some
dialog: customers I had near Atlanta.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S CAR - CLOSEUP - HENRY'S FACE 120
text: As he drives he sees the helicopter.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMES'S DOORWAY 121
text: Henry full face, car in b.g. We see James grab one of
text: the guns in his doorway and try to screw on a silencer
text: he had in his pocket. He can't.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What fucking good are these things?
dialog: They don't fit. What do I need
dialog: this for? I'm not paying for this
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Right ‘away I knew he didn't want
dialog: them. I knew I was going to get
dialog: stuck for the money. I only bought
dialog: the damn guns because he wanted
dialog: them. And now, he didn't want
dialog: them. I didn't say a thing. James
dialog: was so pissed he didn't even say
dialog: goodbye.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: putting torn bag with guns back into car trunk.
text: TITLE UP - 8:05 AM.
scene_heading: EXT. HENRY'S CAR ~ DAY 122
text: We see Henry speeding toward top of a rise in highway
text: approaching Queens Midtown Tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S CAR - DAY 123
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I knew my Pittsburgh guys always
dialog: wanted guns, and since I was going
dialog: to see them later in the afternoon
dialog: to pick up a delivery, I was pretty
dialog: sure I'd get my money back.
text: Henry looks up and sees the red helicopter. When he
text: looks back at the road he is suddenly confronted with
text: a huge traffic jam spread out before him.
text: We see him jam his foot.on the brakes.
text: TITLE UP - 8:45 AM.
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 124
text: A bedraggled Henry arrives in his brother Michael's room.
text: Michael is all dressed and sitting in his wheelchair,
dialog: waiting to go.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: When I finally got there to pick up
dialog: Michael, his doctor wanted-to -put
dialog: me in bed. I told him about the
dialog: accident. I said I was partying
dialog: all night.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - PILLS IN HENRY'S PALM
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0. )
dialog: He took mercy on me. He gave me ten
dialog: milligrams of Valium and sent me
dialog: home. My plan was to drop off my
text: brother at the house and pick up
dialog: Karen.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S CAR - DAY | 125
text: We see Henry driving Michael. Henry looks up and sees
text: the red helicopter.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (to Michael)
dialog: I think that helicopter's following me.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Are you nuts?
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S KITCHEN ~ DAY 126
text: We see Michael, in his wheelchair, chopping celery. We
text: see Henry making meatballs. Lois Byrd is also there,
text: helping Karen shell peas. Lois's overnight bag is on the
text: kitchen table, surrounded by food. The children are play-
text: ing on the kitchen floor.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I was cooking dinner that night.
dialog: I had to start braising the beef,
dialog: pork butt and veal shanks for the
dialog: tomato sauce. It's Michael's
dialog: favorite. I was making ziti and the
dialog: meat gravy, and I'm planning to roast
dialog: some peppers over the flames, and I
dialog: was putting on some string beans with
dialog: the olive oil and garlic, and I had
dialog: some beautiful cutlets, cut just
dialog: right, that I was going to fry up
text: before dinner just as an appetizer.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 126
dialog: ~~
dialog: 127
dialog: io
dialog: 128
dialog: no
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 126
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I was home for about an hour. My
dialog: plan was to start the dinner early,
dialog: so Karen and I could go unload the
dialog: guns that James didn’t want, and
dialog: get the package for Lois to take
dialog: to Atlanta later that night. I
text: kept looking out the window and
dialog: the helicopter was gone. I asked
dialog: Michael to watch the sauce, and
dialog: Karen and I started out.
text: TITLE UP - 11:30 AM.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S CAR - DAY 127
text: We see.Karen and Henry in car when Karen points
text: out the window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We're going to your mother's.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: KAREN'S MOTHER'S COVERED GARAGE AREA - DAY 128
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Now I'm sure we're being tailed.
dialog: My plan was to go to her mother's
dialog: and unload the guns. Who needed
dialog: them in the trunk with all this
dialog: heat?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: putting the guns into garbage cans.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (to Karen)
dialog: Go inside. Tell her not to
dialog: touch anything outside the house.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 128
speaker_heading: KAREN AND HENRY
text: Looking up at helicopter.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Let's go shopping.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG ISLAND SHOPPING MALL - CLOSEUP - HENRY ON 129
speaker_heading: PHONE - DAY
text: Nearby we see Karen standing outside of their parked car.
text: In b.g., we see a large, busy shopping mall with cars and
dialog: shoppers.
text: TITLE UP - 12:30 PM.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MALL PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I'm not nuts. It's been following
dialog: me all fucking morning. I mean it.
text: We see Henry slam down the phone.
text: DOLLY INTO face.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (to Karen)
dialog: They think I'm paranoid. The
dialog: dumb fucks. I should bring
dialog: them the helicopter, then we'll
dialog: see how paranoid I am.
text: TITLE UP - 1:30 PM.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MALL ENTRY
text: Henry and Karen peek out the mall deor surrounded by
text: people with shopping carts and look into the sky for
text: the helicopter. It is gone. He listens. No noise.
speaker_heading: HENRY .
dialog: Okay! Quick! Let’s get back to
dialog: your mother's.
scene_heading: EXT. KAREN'S MOTHER'S GARAGE AREA - ANGLE ON HENRY - 130
speaker_heading: DAY
text: getting guns out of garbage.
text: TITLE UP - 3:30 PM.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: 131 INT. MOTEL APARTMENT - DAY 131
text: We see Pittsburgh DEALER laughing as Henry gives him
text: the package of guns. A young man is also standing
text: in the room.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Didn't I tell you you were
dialog: paranoid? See, Karen, didn't
dialog: I-tell him he was paranoid?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: {barely looking up
dialog: and wandering
dialog: toward kitchen)
dialog: I need some coffee.
text: Dealer puts his arm around Henry and motions him toward
text: the bedroom where they snort some coke and laugh. After
text: snorting the coke, we see the Dealer give Henry a plastic
text: package of heroin he has taken out of a paper bag on the
text: dresser. Henry casually puts it in his jacket pocket.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: My plan was I had to get home
dialog: and get the package ready for
dialog: Leis to take on her trip. Also,
dialog: (o~ I had to get to Sandy's house to
dialog: . give the package a whack with
dialog: some quinine. Plus, I knew Sandy
dialog: was gonna get on my ass. Then I
dialog: had the cooking to finish at home,
dialog: and I had to get Lois ready for
dialog: the trip.
text: PHONE RINGS in bedroom.
text: Dealer picks it up, listens a moment and offers it to
dialog: Henry.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: (whispering so Karen
dialog: cannot hear in next
dialog: room)
dialog: It's Sandy
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Henry covers the mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: ~~ HENRY
dialog: (to Dealer)
dialog: A pain in the ass.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 131
dialog: . 132
dialog: ~
dialog: ~~
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 131
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'll see you in about an hour.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I can't. I got my brother home
dialog: tonight.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We'll talk about it later. Okay?
text: Henry hangs up the phone, pauses and dials again.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S KITCHEN - DAY 132
text: PHONE RINGS. We see Lois Byrd answer the phone. We see
text: Michael is stirring the tomato sauce.
speaker_heading: DEALER'S BEDROOM
text: Henry is on the phone.
scene_heading: HENRY'S KITCHEN
speaker_heading: DEALER'S BEDROOM
scene_heading: HENRY'S KITCHEN
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Tell Michael not to let the sauce
dialog: stick.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: (to Michael, who is
dialog: still stirring)
dialog: Henry says don't let the sauce
dialog: Stick.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm stirring.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 132 CONTINUED: 132
speaker_heading: \ HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: You know what to do?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: (bored)
dialog: Yeah, yeah.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
speaker_heading: DEALER'S BEDROOM
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Now this is important. Make sure
dialog: you leave the house when you make
dialog: the call. You understand? Do you
dialog: hear me? It's important. Call
dialog: from an outside phone. I mean it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: HENRY'S KITCHEN
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Jesus! You must think I'm dumb.
dialog: (o What are you bugging me for?
dialog: : I know what to do!
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0)
dialog: Just make sure you do it. You
dialog: know what I mean?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Jesus Christ! You can be such
dialog: @ pain.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Just do what I say!
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Okay.
text: We see Lois hang up the kitchen wall phone.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (still stirring)
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 132
text: Lois Byrd takes a puff on her cigarette and starts to
text: fish around in the bottom of her pocketbook which is on
text: the kitchen counter near the wall phone.
text: We see Lois Byrd take out the airline ticket.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: So, what does she do after she
dialog: hangs up with me? After
dialog: everything I had told her? After
dialog: all her yeah, yeah, yeah,
dialog: bullshit? She picks up the phone
dialog: and calls from the house. Now,
dialog: if anybody was listening, they'd
dialog: know everything. They'd know that
dialog: a package was leaving from my
dialog: house and they'd even have the
dialog: time and the flight number.
dialog: Thanks to her.
text: Lois Byrd reaches for the kitchen phone and calls.
text: TITLE UP - 6:30 PM.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S HOUSE - EVENING 133
text: Henry is working in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: As soon as I got home, I started
dialog: cooking. I had a few hours until
dialog: Lois's flight. I told my brother
dialog: to keep an eye on the stove. All
dialog: day long, the poor guy's been
dialog: watching helicopters and tomato
dialog: sauce. I had to drive over to
dialog: Sandy's place, mix it once and
dialog: get back to the gravy.
scene_heading: INT. SANDY'S HOUSE - EVENING 134
text: We see Henry watching Sandy mix the half-kilo of heroin
text: with milk sugar, doubling the amount. There is silence
text: between them. Henry looks at his watch. Sandy pauses
text: for a moment and sniffs a line of coke she has cut on a
text: mirror near the table.
text: Henry snorts some coke, too.
text: The table and room is a mess. Mixing bowls, scales, and
text: sieves are strewn around the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 134
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: (getting angrier
dialog: while mixing)
dialog: I don't need this... You said
dialog: tonight and now it's not
dialog: tonight...
speaker_heading: ‘HENRY
dialog: (watching the dope
dialog: being mixed while
dialog: stroking Sandy's
dialog: neck and shoulders)
dialog: It's okay. I'll make it up. I
dialog: promise. Just hurry it up a
dialog: little. Okay?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: (finishing the
dialog: package with tape,
dialog: and almost purring)
dialog: Okay?
text: We see Henry grab the two half-kilo packages off the
text: table and start for the door. Sandy is startled.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: (shrieking)
dialog: You bastard! Where are you going?
text: We see Henry get out the door just before Sandy throws
text: the scale at it.
text: TITLE UP - 8:30 PM.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S DINING ROOM - NIGHT 135
text: After dinner. Everyone is feeling very expansive. Lois
text: and Henry have left the table and are standing in the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: I gotta go home.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What for? I got a pound of stuff
dialog: in my jacket I've been carrying
dialog: around all day. We gotta start
dialog: start taping it to your leg.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: I gotta go home and get my hat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 135
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Forget your fucking hat. What
dialog: are you, kidding me? Just what
dialog: I need now is a trip to Rockaway.
dialog: Just because you want your hat.
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: Ioneed it. .I- gotta have it.
dialog: It's my lucky hat. I never fly
dialog: without it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Do you realize what we're involved
dialog: in here now?
speaker_heading: LOIS
dialog: I don't care. I need my hat. I
dialog: won't go without. it.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V:0.)
dialog: What could I do? If she insisted,
dialog: I had to drive her home for her
dialog: goddamn hat. I threw the package
dialog: in the kitchen and went to take
dialog: her home.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: nodding to Karen that the heroin is in the kitchen.
text: TITLE UP - 10:45 PM.
scene_heading: EXT. HENRY'S DRIVEWAY - NIGHT 136
text: We see Henry and Lois get into his car. As they start to
text: move out of the driveway, Henry notices that there is a
text: traffic jam in front of his property. People are walking
text: around with flashlights. It looks like ‘an accident.
text: Suddenly, a MAN in Windbreaker appears at Henry's window
text: and jams a gun against Henry's head.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: One move, motherfucker, and I'll
dialog: blow you away.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: For a second 1 thought I was dead,
dialog: but when I heard all the noise, I
dialog: knew they were cops. Only cops
dialog: talk that way. If they had been
dialog: wiseguys, I wouldn't have heard
dialog: a thing. I would have been dead.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S BEDROOM TOILET - NIGHT 137
text: We see Karen hurriedly flushing heroin down the toilet
text: upstairs while we hear FBI MEN at the door downstairs.
text: We hear Michael and children's voices downstairs.
text: We see Karen go to the bureau drawer and grab a small
text: caliber gun, lift her dress and, grimacing, shove the
text: cold metal into her underpants.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI OFFICE 138
text: Henry is seated and surrounded by FBI Men and PROSECUTOR
text: EDWARD MCDONALD. We see Lois Byrd brought in past Henry
text: and ushered into another room. We see the Dealer ushered
text: past Henry and placed into yet another room.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: All day I thought the guys in the
dialog: helicopter were just local cops
dialog: busting my balls over Lufthansa,
dialog: but they turned out to be Narks.
dialog: They had been on me a month.
text: Phone taps. Surveillance.
text: We see Sandy brought in, followed by two cops carrying
text: cardboard boxes filled with pots, sieves and scales from
text: Sandy's table. The cops put the boxes on a table where
text: Henry can see them. We see one of the Narks lick his
text: finger after wiping it across one of the bowls. He smiles
text: at Henry and rolls his eyes.
text: We see Henry slouch further in his seat while questioning
dialog: continues.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON VISITING AREA 139
text: We see Karen and Henry seated at a table in a visiting
text: area. Henry is nervously looking around at the guards
text: and whispering to Karen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: IN SYNCH
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (anxious )
dialog: James's calling every day. It's
dialog: urgent.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: {a little annoyed
dialog: at Karen)
dialog: What did he say, exactly?
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: 140 INT. HENRY'S HOUSE - DAY 140
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: (her turn to be
dialog: annoyed)
dialog: At least James and Mickey want to
dialog: help. I talk to Mickey every
dialog: day. That's more than I can say
dialog: for the rest. :
speaker_heading: HENRY (V..0.)
dialog: (placating)
dialog: Paul will calm down. You'll see.
scene_heading: 141 INT. JAMES'S HOUSE - DAY 141
text: We see Mickey on the phone.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: I told James the cops took our
dialog: cars and froze our bank accounts
dialog: and he offered to get me some
dialog: money. He wants to know what's
dialog: happening. You gotta meet him:
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Fuck James and the money. Didn't
dialog: I tell you I gotta get out of here
dialog: first. I gotta straighten
dialog: everything out with Paulie or I'm
dialog: dead.
text: CAMERA PANS to sinister James Conway in b.g.
scene_heading: 142 INT. PRISON VISITING AREA - DAY (CONTINUOUS) 142
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (annoyed and
dialog: indicating the
dialog: jail)
dialog: Then you're safer in here.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Safe? Here? They'll kill me
dialog: here. They're all afraid I'm
dialog: gonna rat them out. People are
text: already looking to walk away from
dialog: me. I'm dead in here. You gotta
dialog: get me out.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Who's gonna do that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: “Ul.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 142
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Just get me out.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
speaker_heading: KAREN
text: Her face drops, but she's not sure.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON BAIL RELEASE GATE - MIDNIGHT 143
text: We see Henry hurry out of the prison. He looks nervous
text: over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Karen finally got her mother to
dialog: put her house up for my bail. I
dialog: was out.
text: We see Karen and her mother are waiting in the car.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I remember I had this feeling I
dialog: was going to get killed right
dialog: outside the jail. I knew Paulie
dialog: was still pissed at me and he's
dialog: such a hothead I was afraid he
dialog: might have me whacked before he
dialog: calmed down. And I was also
dialog: worried about James. James knew
dialog: if Paulie found out he was in the
dialog: drug deals with me, Paulie would
dialog: have James killed even before me.
dialog: This is the bad time. I didn't
dialog: feel safe until I got. home.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENRY AND KAREN'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - ANGLE ON 144
speaker_heading: HENRY - NIGHT
text: frantically looking around the bedroom.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: So now my plan was to stay alive
dialog: long enough to sell off the dope
dialog: that the cops never found and
dialog: disappear for a while until I got
dialog: things straightened cut.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (to Karen)
dialog: Where's the stuff?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 144
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 144
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You know. The stuff I left.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (beginning to cry)
dialog: I flushed it down the toilet.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (anguish and anger
dialog: mixed)
dialog: You what?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (erying anguish)
dialog: What did you want me to do with
dialog: it? They were all over the house.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Are you fucking nuts? That was
dialog: forty, fifty thousand. I need it.
dialog: I was depending on that money.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (crying)
dialog: They had a warrant. They went
dialog: through everything. They would
dialog: have found it. I swear.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Shit! You know they would have
dialog: never found it. Why did you do
dialog: it? Why did you do it? My God,
dialog: why did you have to do it?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (a primal screen)
dialog: Oh no! No! WNoooo!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Why? Why?
text: We see Henry and Karen holding onto each other as they
text: ery and scream, with the SCREAMS ECHOING out on the
scene_heading: SOUNDTRACK.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: THEIR FACES
text: asleep, and CAMERA DOLLIES OUT to reveal a gun in Henry's
text: hand as they sleep.
dialog: 145
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: INT. GEFFKEN'S BAR 145
text: The place is closed, but inside we see Paul Cicero in the
text: kitchen cooking peppers and eggs in a frying pan with
text: olive oil. We see several hoods surrounding him at a
text: distance. Various supplicants, a local butcher, an old
dialog: lady, etc., wait for a papal audience.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: I warned you a million times.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I've been all fucked up since I
dialog: got out.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: You think I didn't know what you
dialog: were doing?
speaker_heading: ‘ HENRY
dialog: It was easy money. I did it in
dialog: the can. Shit! I learned the
text: junk business in the can, Paulie.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: Right in my face. You looked in
dialog: my face and you lied.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: But, Paulie, I'm sorry. Believe
dialog: me. I was fucking crazy. But I'm
dialog: okay now. I can be trusted. I'm
dialog: clean now. On my children.
dialog: Believe me! Two weeks cold turkey
dialog: waiting for bail got my head
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: You thought I was some fucking
dialog: jerk?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Paulie, I couldn't come to you.
dialog: I didn't want to put you in this
dialog: shit.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I was ashamed to come to you. I
dialog: knew I was wrong.
text: We see Cicero stand, mute.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Paulie. You're all I got. I need
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 145
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: You treated me like shit.
text: We see Cicero reach into his pocket and take out a thick
text: wad of bills. Without counting the money he puts the
text: cash in Henry's hands. Cicero clasps Henry's hands in his
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: CICERO
dialog: (looking down while
dialog: handing Henry the
dialog: cash)
dialog: Here. Take it.
dialog: (looking up with
dialog: tears in his eyes)
dialog: Now I gotta turn my back on you.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - HENRY
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Thirty-two hundred bucks. That's
dialog: what he gave me. Thirty-two
dialog: hundred bucks for a lifetime. It
dialog: wouldn't have paid for the coffin.
speaker_heading: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENRY AND KAREN'S BEDROOM: - NIGHT / 146
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I'm not going to run. Live the
dialog: rest of our lives like rats. Is
dialog: that what you want? Leave my
dialog: mother. Leave my family. Never
dialog: see anybody again.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: We're gonna leave then anyway,
dialog: because if we stay around here
dialog: we're gonna be dead.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (angrily pulling
dialog: away
dialog: They're right. You are paranoid.
scene_heading: EXT. JUKEBOX STOREFRONT - ANGLE ON JAMES - DAY 147
text: nervously pacing near the doorway. There are jukeboxes
text: and pinball machines of various sizes and hues on the
text: sidewalk. Some are being loaded onto panel trucks and
text: carted off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 115.
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: How is he? Okay? Are they
dialog: busting his chops?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: He's okay. They sobered him up.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Did he say what they're asking
dialog: him about?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: James. I don't know. I got so
dialog: much else on my mind. I got the
dialog: kids. We got no money.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I gotta talk to him as soon as
dialog: I can.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: He says he's too hot. He doesn't
dialog: even know I came here today.
dialog: It's like he's crazy, James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I know. I know. But it'll be
dialog: okay. Don't worry. I got some
dialog: money for you. It's down the
dialog: block.
text: We see James lead Karen to the edge of the sidewalk and
text: point down the block toward a row of stores.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (pointing)
text: The third store down.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: James just stood there on the
dialog: Sidewalk. It felt funny. I
text: Started walking down the block,
dialog: but I noticed the stores were
dialog: empty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: EMPTY STOREFRONTS
text: with chalked windows.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 147
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.0.)
dialog: I got a bad feeling. I just kept
dialog: walking.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: standing on sidewalk.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Inside! Go in there!
speaker_heading: cUT TO:
speaker_heading: EMPTY STOREFRONT
text: with open door and dark figures waiting inside.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (very rattled)
dialog: James, I'm in a hurry. I've
dialog: got to pick up the kids at my
dialog: mother's. I'll come back later.
text: We see Karen hurry down the block past the stores.
scene_heading: EXT. HENRY'S HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - DAY 148
text: We see Karen's CAR SCREECH to a halt near the garage as
text: Henry comes racing out of the house toward her. He has
text: a gun pressed close to his side.
text: We see Karen is frozen to the wheel in fear. She is
text: visibly shaking, crying.
text: We see Henry very gently pull her from behind the wheel.
text: He has cradled her in his arms as, after a wary look
text: around the street, Henry walks her toward the house.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What happened? You okay?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I got scared.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (soothing)
dialog: Okay. Don't worry about it.
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (still in shock)
dialog: I got scared.
dialog: 149
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: INT. SHERWOOD DINER - LATE MORNING 149
text: CAMERA MOVES IN ON table.
scene_heading: HENRY'S POV - LONG TRACKING SHOT THROUGH RESTAURANT
dialog: You don't know what you're tracking until you see all the
text: food on the table and James looks up.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: If you're part of a crew, nobody
dialog: ever tells you that they're going
dialog: to kill you. It doesn't happen
dialog: that way. There aren't any
dialog: arguments or curses like in the
dialog: movies. Your murderers come with
dialog: smiles. They come as your friends,
dialog: the people who have cared for you
dialog: all your life, and they always
dialog: come at a time when you are at
dialog: your. weakest and most in need of
dialog: their help. So I met James in a
dialog: crowded place we both knew. I got
dialog: there fifteen minutes early and I
dialog: saw that James was already there.
text: He took the booth near the window
dialog: so he could see everyone who
text: drove up to the restaurant. He
dialog: wanted to see if I had been
dialog: tailed.
text: James stands to embrace Henry. We see a table with
text: melon, eggs, sausage, toasted English muffins, etc.
text: Henry notices that James has not touched any of the
text: food. Next to James, we see a large legal folder.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (smiling, friendly
dialog: greeting)
dialog: You look good.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I didn't need the headache.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Come on, eat something.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I can't eat, just get me some
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
text: He was jumpy. He hadn't touched
dialog: a thing.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP -
dialog: 118.
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: In the old days, James would have
dialog: ordered doubles and eaten it all.
dialog: On the surface, of course, everything
dialog: was supposed to be fine. We were
dialog: supposed to be discussing my case,
dialog: just like we always would, but I had
dialog: a feeling James was trying to sense
dialog: whether I was going to rat him out
dialog: to save my neck.
speaker_heading: JAMES .
dialog: (patting the legal
dialog: folder)
dialog: I think you got a good shot at
dialog: beating the case.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's that rat bastard from Pittsburgh.
dialog: He rated you all out. He's been a
dialog: rat since he got busted in Pittsburgh.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: He's hiding, the son of a bitch,
dialog: in Florida.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ’ JAMES
dialog: I want you and Anthony to go down
dialog: there and take care of that bastard.
dialog: Without him, they've got no case.
speaker_heading: JAMES'S HAND
text: giving a piece of paper to Henry.
text: TILT UP ON James and FREEZE.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: James had never asked me to whack
dialog: somebody before, but now he's
dialog: asking me to go down to Florida
dialog: and do a hit with Anthony.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 149
scene_heading: FREEZE OF HENRY, HEAD-ON
text: looking at James.
speaker_heading: HENRY (¥.0.)
dialog: That's when I knew I would never
dialog: have come back from Florida alive.
text: UNFREEZE on Henry and BACK TO ACTION like nothing is
dialog: wrong.
text: CAMERA DOLLIES OUT and we see James and Henry sipping
text: their coffee. We see James reach for some food. Henry
text: passes James the salt. They are two guys finishing
text: breakfast -in a diner.
scene_heading: INT. FBI OFFICE - ANGLE ON HENRY AND McDONALD - DAY 150
text: arguing. Karen and some FBI agents are standing nearby.
speaker_heading: McDONALD
dialog: We'll pack up everything and send
dialog: it to you.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I got dry cleaning.
speaker_heading: McDONALD
dialog: We'll pick it up.
scene_heading: EXT. JUKEBOX STOREFRONT - DAY 151
text: We see a grim James getting into the rear seat of an
text: unmarked FBI car while hoods watch silently.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI OFFICE - DAY 152
text: Karen is now seated next to Henry on sofa. McDonald is
text: leaning against the desk. In b.g., we see FBI men
text: playing with the children. We see Henry and Karen's
text: suitcases stacked near the sofa.
speaker_heading: McDONALD
dialog: We'll sell your house here and
dialog: apply the money to your new name.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don't want to go anywhere it's
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: McDONALD
dialog: I can't control that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: > 152
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don't care who controls it.
dialog: Nowhere cold.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: He's very bronchial.
scene_heading: INT. GEFFKEN'S BAR 153
text: We see FBI men filling the barroom and Cicero, surrounded
text: by agents, being handcuffed and shoved toward the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI OFFICE - ANGLE ON HENRY AND MCDONALD . 154
dialog: arguing.
speaker_heading: KAREN.
dialog: (whispering to
dialog: Henry)
dialog: What about the schools?
speaker_heading: : __ HENRY
dialog: Yeah. What about the kids'
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: McDONALD
dialog: Don't worry about the schools.
dialog: We'll take care of the schools.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I don't want them left back.
speaker_heading: McDONALD
dialog: They won't be left back.
dialog: They'll stay in their grade.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: That's important.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - ANGLE ON BACK OF HENRY'S HEAD 155
text: and TRACK AROUND.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: It was easy for all of us to
dialog: disappear. My house was in my
dialog: mother-in-law's name. My cars
dialog: were registered to my wife.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 155
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 155
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: My social security cards and
dialog: driver's licenses were phonies.
dialog: I've never voted. I never paid
dialog: taxes. My birth certificate and
dialog: my arrest sheet, that's all you'd
dialog: ever have to know I was alive.
text: SLOW DOLLY IN TO Henry's face.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: The hardest thing for me was
dialog: leaving the life. I stili love
dialog: the life. We were treated like
dialog: movie stars with muscle. We had
dialog: it all just for the asking.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - JAMES CONWAY
text: seated at defense table in grey suit and rimless glasses.
text: He almost looks like one of his lawyers.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Our wives, mothers, kids,
dialog: everybody rode along. I had
text: paper bags filled with jewelry
text: stashed in the kitchen and a
text: sugar bowl full of coke next to
dialog: the bed.
text: In b.g., we see Mickey Conway crying.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: Anything I wanted was a phone call
text: away. Free cars and the keys to
text: a dozen hideout flats all over
dialog: the city. I'd bet twenty, thirty
dialog: grand over a weekend...
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - JAMES CONWAY
scene_heading: COME UP ON SCREEN -- TWENTY-FIVE YEARS.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.O.)
dialog: . and then I'd either blow the
dialog: winnings in a week or go to the
dialog: sharks to pay back the bookies.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - PAUL CICERO
text: looking older and grey. Cicero is looking down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) . 155
text: COME UP ON SCREEN -- FOUR YEARS.
scene_heading: DOLLY IN TO:
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - HENRY
text: as he speaks; in synch, directly TO CAMERA. DOLLY IN
text: TO EXTREME CLOSEUP as he speaks.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It didn't matter. When I was
dialog: broke I just went out and robbed.
dialog: some more. We ran everything.
dialog: We paid off lawyers. We paid off
dialog: cops. Everybody had their hands
text: out. And now it's all over.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN MIDWESTERN ANDY HARDY TOWN - DAY 156
text: TRACK DOWN the street.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: And that's the hardest part.
dialog: Today everything is different.
dialog: There's no action.
text: CAMERA TRACKS PAST white picket fence.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: I have to wait around like anyone
dialog: else. You can't even get decent
dialog: food. Right after I got here I
dialog: ordered some spaghetti with
dialog: marinara sauce and I got egg
text: noodles and ketchup.
text: CAMERA APPROACHES house and TRACKS IN TO:
speaker_heading: DOOR OF HOUSE
text: As it opens.
text: Aman, still in his pajamas, leans out to get the milk
text: and newspaper. He looks up. It's Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY (V.0.)
dialog: (talking TO CAMERA)
dialog: I'm an average nobody. I get to
dialog: live the rest of my life like a
dialog: schnook.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
