dialog: 
scene_heading: GROSSE POINTE BLANK
dialog: First Draft: Tom Jankiewicz Revised
dialog: Draft: D.V. deVincentis &amp; S.K. Boatman
dialog: &amp; John Cusack
scene_heading: NEW CRIME PRODUCTIONS
speaker_heading: Registered WGA
dialog: --address deleted --for privacy --
dialog: phone deleted
speaker_heading: MAY 4, 1994
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: ROLL CREDITS OVER:
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF COURSE - DAWN
text: VARIOUS EXTRA CLOSE-UPS of this luxurious patchwork of
dialog: brilliant greens:
text: A POLISHED BRASS SPRINKLER HEAD
text: pops up from the ground and begins to water the already dew-
text: soaked lawn.
text: FLEET OF DUCKLINGS
text: No mother in sight, cruise through the thrushes.
scene_heading: GRAVEYARD OF GOLF BALLS, UNDERWATER
text: At the bottom of a water hazard.
speaker_heading: PALM FRONDS
text: After a neat they sway, revealing the barren desert that
text: surrounds the artificial oasis. The sun already bakes the
text: air. We hear the opening guitar strains of the Kim Deal-Kurt
text: Cobain suet of "WHAT I DID FOR LOVE," as we CRANE DOWN the
dialog: palms to
scene_heading: A BRAND-NEW TITLEIST 3 BALL.
text: Just on the edge of the rough. A pair of yellow trousers
text: moves in. An iron confidently addresses the ball, and chips
text: it out. The trousers walk out after it.
speaker_heading: HANDS
text: Digging dirt out of the grooves of the iron's face with a
text: golf tee, while on the way to the green. Both hands are
text: gloved, instead of one, and the gloves are black.
scene_heading: YELLOW TROUSERS
text: In a squat over the ball, sizing up the curvy, fifty-foot
text: journey to the hole. The figure positions himself and the
text: putter above the ball, then pops the ball lightly. The ball
text: rolls and bobs with purpose toward the hole, dodging hazards
text: and finding lanes, until it finally falls off of the green
text: and into the hole.
scene_heading: THE GLOVED HAND
text: Sets the ball on the next tee. The figure moves to a leather
text: golf bag. The hands pull the wipe rag off of the top of the
text: bag and drop it on the ground, reach into the bag, drawing
text: out a compact SNIPER RIFLE, affixed with a long silencer.
text: The figure drops one knee down onto the rag, the other foot
text: firmly setting its spikes. We move the figure to see the
text: face of the sniper, concentrating down the scope in his half-
text: squat. He is MARTIN BLANK.
text: We SWING AROUND behind his head to look down the barrel with
text: him. Four-hundred yards away, on another part of the course,
text: another green is barely visible through groves of trees and
text: rough. Three miniscule, SILVER-HAIRED FIGURES come into view.
text: One of them, in a RED SWEATER sets up for first putt. He
dialog: could be an investment banker, or an arms trader.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S ARM
text: Flinches, and a low THUNK reports from the rifle. A second
text: later in the distance, the
scene_heading: RED SWEATER'S HEAD
text: Seems to vanish from his shoulders into a crimson mist. His
text: body crumples to the green.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Returns the rifle to the bag, pulls out a driver, moves to
text: the tee and whacks the ball. He watches its path and whispers
dialog: absently...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hooked it.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB HOUSE PATIO - LATER
text: The outdoor post-golf luncheon area of an elite Texas golf
text: club. Martin sits in on the fringes of a conversation between
text: a group of executive types. CLUB MEMBER #1 has a Buddha-like
text: peace in his eyes through the philosophical talk.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: I'd come to the realization that
dialog: everything I'd based my life on was
dialog: false. And that my life had no
dialog: meaning.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #2
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: He gets this way when he hits over
text: eighty-five.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: It seemed like my life was slipping
dialog: away, somehow. I was a knot in the
text: middle of a wet rope. Everything was
dialog: futile and nothing had value.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #3
dialog: That's the way life is. The only
dialog: meaning and value is what we create.
dialog: Through structure, and discipline.
dialog: Though they seem to limit our freedom,
dialog: they actually give us great comfort.
dialog: Your problem is you're looking for
dialog: some great answer. Some ultimate
dialog: truth. When what you really should
dialog: do is go to work and go home.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #2
dialog: And take golf lessons.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: That's a tragedy. Can I finish my
dialog: story please? I began my search for
dialog: meaning. I was a Catholic, Jew,
dialog: Scientologist, Sufi, Buddhist. I
dialog: went to a Psychologist, psychiatrist,
dialog: herbalist, nutritionist, a shaman,
dialog: and a psychic. And they all pretty
dialog: much say the same stuff.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #2
text: A Jew, a shaman, and a herbalist are
dialog: telling you the same thing? You're
dialog: insane.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: Basically the same thing. In a very
dialog: evolved, esoteric way.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #2
dialog: Insane.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: To make a long story short...
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #3
dialog: --Thank God--
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: ...at last I found the holistic system
dialog: of systems that opened up the doors
dialog: of heaven for me right here on earth.
dialog: And everyday I see the world through
text: the eyes of a child. A world of
dialog: creation and wonder.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #2
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
text: Overflowing with love.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tell me about it.
text: Club Member #1 turns to Martin.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: P.P.P. Personal Pan Power. All the
dialog: secrets of your universe are divided
text: up into eight easily digestible
text: slices.
text: Club Member #1 pulls a laminated card from his wallet and
text: hands it over to Martin. In the distance, sirens begin to
text: wail.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: See, see. It's in the accessible and
text: everyday shape of a pan pizza. Each
dialog: day you have a little slice of
dialog: peace...
scene_heading: INSERT - WALLET-SIZE P.P.P. CARD
text: A pizza-shaped diagram showing six "sections".
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Oh I see. You got your individual
dialog: slices of hope, dignity, confidence,
dialog: self-love, justice, and harmony.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: You open 'em up and there's the
dialog: sayings, stories, little bites of
dialog: insight. It's the P.P.P. Six Day
dialog: Week.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So you eat-- read it everyday?
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And these pan pizzas have opened up
dialog: the doors to heaven?
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER #1
dialog: Correct.
dialog: (re: the card)
dialog: That's for you. Keep it.
text: Sirens are getting louder, closer to the club.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY CLUB - DAY
text: The source of the sirens are almost upon us. Martin walks
text: toward his rented Town Car as the VALET pulls it up. He meets
text: the Valet by the trunk, where he trades tip for keys.
speaker_heading: MARTIN AT CAR
text: He fishes out the laminated "Personal
text: Pan Power" card, looks at it, and
text: tosses it onto the ground. Police
text: cars, now visible in the distance,
text: wind into the long club driveway.
text: Martin gets into his car and pulls
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LAMINATED CARD
text: As it lays on the asphalt. The wheel of a police car rolls
text: to a stop on it.
scene_heading: INT. AIRLINER - DAY
text: Martin sits in a first class seat, the tray table flipped
text: down. On the left side of the tray is a stack of magazines
dialog: of all kinds - Sports Illustrated, Mademoiselle, Wired,
dialog: Rolling Stone, National Review, Spin, National Geographic,
text: and on. He draws one off the top, and flips through it,
text: impassively taking in images and reading nothing. When he is
text: done with one, he discards it into the empty seat next to
text: him and draws another-- Martin's way of instantly and
text: massively uploading the world around him:
text: Toothless hockey player in triumph, Sony product parade,
text: crouched starving child with vulture in the background,
text: supermodel in suede, Tic Tacs, living former Presidents, arm
text: in arm, smiling, etc.
scene_heading: INT. HIRED CAR, NEW YORK - DAY
text: The livery weaves out of the arrival lanes at Kennedy airport.
text: Martin reclines in the back seat, a conversation having
dialog: already begun.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: How was your day, today, sir?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Effective. But to tell you the truth,
dialog: I've lost my passion for work.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Do you like the people you work with?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I work alone.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: That's it then. That's it. I've always
dialog: been alone. That's why I'm a good
dialog: driver. I can handle it. See, I can
dialog: think on my feet. I survive, I'm a
dialog: thinker. And I can sit there in front
dialog: of your house for two hours and it
dialog: don't bother me. Some people can't
text: do it! Some people are ranting and
dialog: raving, "Tell them fuckin' people to
dialog: get out here and get in this car, I
dialog: can't-- I want a go!" Where you gonna
dialog: go? You're gonna wind up back in
dialog: your garage at seven o'clock at night.
dialog: You ain't going nowhere. You leave
dialog: your house in the morning you get
dialog: back to your house in the evening.
dialog: What's the big deal, right?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You understand the psychology of the
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I do. Some guys can't adjust to it;
dialog: they can't handle it.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MANHATTAN STREETS - LATER
text: The car cuts through the upper east side. Martin and the
text: Driver exchange looks through the rear-view mirror.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You look like you're far away. Far
text: away and thinking about other things.
dialog: I'm right about that, aren't I?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Well, let's just say that sometimes
dialog: I'm right. Sometimes you are.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Sometimes I am. Sometimes. It's only
dialog: natural.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
text: (laughs to himself at
dialog: this great truth)
dialog: It's only natural....
text: The Driver pauses for dramatic emphasis
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I been looking at you, and I've
dialog: decided that I want to share something
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Because your problem is you're bored.
dialog: And you have a very big mind.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I am part of what I call a brain
dialog: syndicate.
dialog: No reaction from Martin.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I am part of a network of minds, a
dialog: group of five people who are all
dialog: connected, over hundreds, even
text: thousands of miles, through the mind.
dialog: We can think with each other, think
dialog: for each other. I can be driving
text: somewhere, sleeping with a woman--
dialog: whatever it is-- and at the same
dialog: time be thinking a thought in someone
text: else's mind, far away. Running someone
dialog: else's brain.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (indicates)
text: Up on the right.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: And when you think of it, it's not
text: so surprising that a small group of
dialog: people control the whole world, is
dialog: it?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM, NEW YORK CITY - DAY
text: A sedate and well-appointed four-star suite on the Upper
text: East Side. Martin stands in front of one of the open windows
text: watching the canopied entrance of an elegant high-rise across
text: the street. He lifts an eye rinse cup to his eye and tilts
text: it back. A cellular phone RINGS, interrupting him. He moves
text: to the desk and draws one of three phones from his briefcase,
text: depresses a scrambler module, flips it open, and listens for
text: a moment.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If it's not there, I can't proceed.
dialog: Tell them.
text: Martin hangs up. Picks up another phone and dials. As he
text: waits for an answer, he goes to a Fed Ex blueprint tube lying
text: on the bed.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tom. I've been waiting for an answer.
dialog: I'm only in town tonight.
text: He breaks the shipping seal and pulls out a series of finished
text: metal parts including a long thin barrel, a scope, and a
dialog: silencer.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What's different this time than the
dialog: last time? I have to be down front...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - SAME
text: Martin stands in front of the window, phone in one hand, the
text: scope in the other. Next to him, the assembled rifle rests
text: across the arm of a chair.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...I don't bother to call anyone
dialog: else because you always take care of
dialog: me.
text: He glances over to a second window to his left, which offers
text: a view further down the street. He goes to it. He raises the
dialog: scope and sees
scene_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V./SCOPE- WINDOW #2
text: A few blocks down, small even through the high-powered scope,
text: is your average BICYCLE MESSENGER dressed in lycra racing
text: gear, weaving through traffic toward us. Slung low across
text: his right hip is a black canvas bag. The Messenger's hand is
text: hidden in it. The other phone begins to RING.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hold on a second, Tom. I got my hands
dialog: full here.
text: He sets down the phone and answers the other, still watching
dialog: the messenger.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Good. Account number 3649367, transfer
text: to account number 96-546-38739-47825.
dialog: Ask for Mr. Sanchez, tell him it's
dialog: Mr. Duckman. If there are any
dialog: problems, access file 673594638-IO-
dialog: 98, and look at it.
text: Martin drops the phone and moves away from Window #2 to the
text: rifle. He mounts the scope and he looks out Window #1 at the
text: high-rise.
scene_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V./SCOPE - WINDOW #1
text: Of a DOORMAN opening the door for a group of five men in
text: suits. Four BODYGUARDS form a perimeter around the fifth
text: man, a mall, avuncular figure in his forties dressed in
dialog: Saville Row finery.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Takes a step back into the shadows of the room, and raises
text: the rifle toward Window #2.
scene_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V./SCOPE - WINDOW #2
text: of an empty street. The bicycle messenger flashes past.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: concentrating, tracks the path of the Messenger, leading him
text: left to right across the blind spot of the hotel room wall
text: between Window #2 and Window #1.
speaker_heading: STREET
text: the bicycle Messenger bears down on the group of men, drawing
text: a Mac-10 submachine gun from his bag. The group see him--
text: just as Martin's sniper FIRE explodes the Messenger's chest.
text: Two of the Bodyguards collapse onto their boss. The other
text: two open fire on the Messenger as he wipes out horribly into
text: a parked car in front of them.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: withdraws from the window, and picks up the phone again and
text: begins to break down the rifle.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Sorry Tom. But look, I know it's the
dialog: playoffs. That's why I'm offering a
dialog: thousand dollars for one seat...
text: Martin listens patiently as he works.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SAME - INTERCUT
speaker_heading: DOORMAN'S HANDS
text: unbuttoning his double-breasted long coat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: just finishes packing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...Well let me ask you, Tom. What do
dialog: I have to do to get courtside tickets
dialog: for the Knicks...?
speaker_heading: STREET
text: The two bodyguards kick at the Messenger's body. The other
text: two begin to move off of their boss, who rises cowering. The
text: Doorman stands behind it all, unbuttoning his coat.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
text: a tall, dark, sharp-featured man in his forties, wearing a
text: handlebar moustache. He moves toward the group of men as he
text: flips open his coat back over two huge chrome .44 Magnum
text: Charthouse Bulldog revolvers and OPENS FIRE on them.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: is closing his bag when he hears the gun-thunder.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Never mind. I gotta go.
text: Martin drops the phone, grabs his scope, and spins to the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V./SCOPE
text: of the Doorman kicking through the pile of dead bodyguards.
text: He gets to the man at the bottom-- their boss. The Doorman
text: FIRES both guns.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: reacts, surprised to see a second shooter. He pulls himself
text: from the window, puts away his scope, and accelerates his
dialog: exit.
scene_heading: HIGH-RISE FOYER
text: Outside, we see the doorman drop both guns on the pile of
text: bodies. He walks back toward us through the glass doors and
text: makes his way through the building toward the service exit.
text: He sheds his uniform and stuffs it into a plastic bag.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: his two parcels in hand, exits out the side door of the hotel
text: and walks down the street.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
text: now wearing rich man's sweats, hops off the loading dock,
text: walks to a Lincoln Town Car, and drives off.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S AND GROCERS CARS - DAY
text: Martin rolls down FDR Drive in a Lincoln Town Car once again
text: on the cellular.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...Tell them that's not my problem.
dialog: I was paid for one job-- the cyclist--
dialog: not two. See you tomorrow, Marcella.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: Wait. I have Mr. Grocer for you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Patch him through....
text: Martin notices another Town Car appears in the next lane. We
text: recognize the Doorman behind the wheel, phone in hand. He is
speaker_heading: GROCER.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: I'm setting up a concern that would
dialog: enable those of us in our rarefied
dialog: profession to consolidate our efforts.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Like a union?
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Like a club. Work less, make more.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Thank you, no.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: We could be working together, making
dialog: big money, killing important people...
dialog: I'm willing to let you in on the
dialog: ground floor.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And you could be... sort of like...
dialog: a father figure to me....
text: Grocer ignores this.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: It's a free-market evolution. You'll
dialog: wake up to it... c'mon Kid. We used
dialog: to run together when you were a
dialog: rookie. I don't want to run against
dialog: you. This thing's real. Everybody's
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Not me. So don't paw at me with your
dialog: dirty little guild.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: I'm gonna get you, kid.
text: Martin hangs up and pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. AIRLINER - DAY
text: Martin sits in first class, wiping his face and hands with
text: an airline hot towel. He folds the wet cloth and once again
text: speeds through the images from a thick stack of magazines.
text: He looks up as he hears PILOT V.O. It's seventy-six degrees
dialog: and partly cloudy in Chicago this afternoon...
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT, CHICAGO - NIGHT
text: Martin walks into a sparsely furnished apartment. He wearily
text: drops his carry-on bag and briefcase in the hall.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: Martin sits on a futon couch watching MTV with no sound. On
text: the coffee table in front of him is a phalanx of vitamin
text: bottles. Martin takes some capsules from each and washes
text: them down with a reddish-orange beverage.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: Martin lies on his back on the hardwood floor. His eyes are
text: closed and he wears a set of headphones as he absently taps
text: his chest.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: "Dear Alumni: Can you believe it's
dialog: been ten years? Where are you now...?
text: After a moment, his eyes open, alerted. His head turns to
text: the side, and his hands lightly cup the headphones.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP: WIRE
text: from the headphones as it winds to a small metal box, with
text: one unmarked switch and one amber light- definitely not a
text: walkman. The wire continues out of the other side of the
text: box, across the floor, connecting to a suction cup stuck to
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...Are you guiding an Outward Bound
dialog: canoe trip like Brook Stinson? Or
dialog: perhaps in charge of appearances for
dialog: the NFL like Leslie Gunther....?
scene_heading: MARTIN - A MINUTE LATER
text: draws a pre-cut section of the floor, the width of a pencil
text: and twice as long, by a string.
scene_heading: VIDEO MONITOR - A MINUTE LATER
text: The greenish Starlight (night vision) image of a young, HUSKY
text: MAN sleeping on his back, as seen from above. A fine thread
text: snakes from behind CAMERA to just above the man's slack mouth.
text: We PULL BACK to reveal a Sony Watchman that holds the IMAGE.
text: KEEP PULLING to reveal Martin watching it as he maneuvers
text: the thread down past the fiber-optic cable through the hole
text: in the floor.
scene_heading: MARTIN - A MINUTE LATER
text: concentrates as he applies three drops of blue liquid on the
text: thread. As the drops run down along the thread through the
text: floor, his attention shifts to the
speaker_heading: VIDEO MONITOR
text: The drops, huge in the foreground, become smaller as they
text: make their way down the line toward the sleeping man.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...Could it be that you're like Chip
dialog: Longfellow, at the trade-relations
dialog: tank in Washington. Sandy Glasser
dialog: owns a cheese shop...!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: adjusts the thread minutely with one hand, and lowers the
text: fiber-optic cable with the other.
speaker_heading: VIDEO MONITOR
text: The face begins to fill the screen as the fiber-optic follows
text: the drops toward it. Suddenly, the man snorts and turns his
dialog: face...
speaker_heading: A DROP FALLS
text: It misses the man's mouth and hit's his cheek.
speaker_heading: VIDEO MONITOR
text: The man's eyes snap open in terror as he looks directly into
text: CAMERA. His image falls away as the fiber-optic is jerked
text: back up through the hole in the floor.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...Looking at yearbooks and pictures
dialog: evokes so many memories...!
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: stuffs the apparati into an open duffel bag, and flies out
dialog: of frame.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...Some good. Some bad. But all
dialog: interesting...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: A BODYGUARD sits outside an apartment door. A muffled but
text: dire scream is heard from within and he is on his feet, gun
text: in hand. An exit door in the hallway slams open revealing
text: Martin, his gun already pointed at the Bodyguard. The
text: Bodyguard levels his at Martin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Freeze! Police!
text: The Bodyguard hesitates just long enough to get double-tapped
text: through the head.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...As a graduate of the class of
dialog: 1984, you are someone special...
text: Martin moves to the dead Bodyguard, and locates a retractable
text: key chain on his belt. He unreels the ring of keys and opens
text: the door. He lets the keys retract back to the belt and drags
text: him into the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. HUSKY MAN'S APARTMENT - SECONDS LATER
text: Martin moves silently down the hall in a crouch. He comes to
text: the bedroom and slips across the threshold.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...Whenever news of you filters back,
text: the school is excited and proud of
dialog: your accomplishments...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Martin crouches down outside the bedroom door. He points the
text: gun at the door, and reaching up turns the knob. As the door
text: opens, the Husky Man FIRES wildly over Martin's head. Martin
text: returns with one shot to the hut which sits the man down on
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...We hope Grosse Pointe High prepared
dialog: you well to lead the kind of life
dialog: that makes an impact on the world...
text: Martin kicks the gun away from the fallen man, and raises
text: his barrel to the man's forehead.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...Remember, "there's no where you
dialog: can go that you haven't learned how
dialog: to go in time... It's easy..."
speaker_heading: HUSKY MAN
dialog: (in severe pain)
dialog: Whatever it is that I'm doing that
dialog: you don't like I'll stop doing it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's not me.
text: Martin cocks the gun....
scene_heading: EXT. EAST-WEST HOLDING COMPANY, LOS ANGELES - DAY
text: The perpetual sun shines down on a small lot of pre-fab office
text: bungalows.
scene_heading: INT. BLANK HOLDING COMPANY
text: A small suite of dry-walled offices.
scene_heading: EAST-WEST HOLDING COMPANY
text: is stenciled on glass doors behind Martin who stands in front
text: of a young woman reading from some kind of invitation. She
text: is MARCELLA MAYES.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: ...So come on back to the old oak
text: tree, acorns. Signed, the reunion
dialog: committee."
text: Marcella holds up the mauve envelope and smiles slyly. For
text: the first time, Martin looks scared.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Throw that away.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: This?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't tease me. You know what I do
dialog: for a living.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: It's from one of those P.O. Boxes.
dialog: How was the trip?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tedious. I now authorize you to throw
dialog: away all personal mail.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: All of it?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And not show it to me. Ever again.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: That's going to cost.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'll pay.
text: Martin begins to walk past her into his office, but Marcella
text: stops him.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: They're not happy, sir.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm not happy.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: They say their friend was suppose to
text: have a heart attack and die in his
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He didn't.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: They blame you for the compromise.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And they want me to make up for it.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: In Detroit. This weekend.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tell them that's impossible. I need
dialog: my normal lead time.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: They were very upset.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Would you describe their position as
dialog: inflexible?
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: Intractable, sir. You leave tonight.
text: Marcella looks concerned.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: And sir, I also get that broken-
dialog: mirror, black-cat, Friday-the-
dialog: thirteenth kind of feeling about
dialog: this one....
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: There's nothing to be done about it.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: I liquidated the last account in
dialog: Zurich, and split it into two new
dialog: ones in Estonia.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Good. What else? Anything interesting?
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: Mmm, not really. But you're gonna
dialog: love this one.
text: She hands him a piece of paper. He scans it.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: Enough?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Never enough.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: But it's a Greenpeace boat. It'd be
dialog: so easy.
text: Martin looks at her wearily. He puts it into the paper
text: shredder at the side of her desk.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I have scruples. Next.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: Paperwork on the Detroit thing. It's
text: a full dossier. Very comprehensive.
text: She raises a thick brown dossier from the top of her desk
text: and puts it down again. Martin moves through a door to his
dialog: private office.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S OFFICE
text: Martin goes into his office and sits at his desk. On the
text: walls are a couple of boring prints of tallships. A bookshelf
text: holds trappings of a loose attempt at a cover-- a few shipping
dialog: manifests, sealane tables, and other specialized reference
text: books on import/export. He sits and stares.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Time has passed, and Martin still sits at his desk massaging
text: his gums with a rubber-tipped dental pointer.
scene_heading: C.U. MARTIN'S TEETH
text: The dental tool jumps across the gaps between his teeth like
text: a hummingbird.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: You should get going....
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: pulls back his jacket lapel and fits the utensil into a pocket
text: protector that is also home to a toothbrush, emery board,
text: tweezers, and comb. He stands and walks out of his office.
speaker_heading: FOYER
text: Martin moves toward the door. As he passes Marcella she hands
text: him the mauve envelope and a travel portfolio.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: Don't forget your identity.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: See you next week.
text: Martin stops short as he reaches the threshold. He holds up
text: the envelope, and stares a dagger through it. On his way
text: out, over his shoulder...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tell Dr. Oatman I'm on my way.
scene_heading: INT. DR. OATMAN'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Martin slouches on a leather couch. He holds the mauve
text: envelope, now open.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Why don't you want to go to your
dialog: high school reunion?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's in Michigan. Honestly, what do
dialog: I have in common with those people?
dialog: Or with anyone?
text: DR. OATMAN sits in the window. He is Kris Kringle-esque, and
text: wears a sheepskin vest, rough-hewn shirt, faded Levis, and
text: old Frye boots. Oatman nods with the suave understanding of
dialog: a man happy to collect fifty thousand in fees before asking
dialog: a tough question.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: You went to school with these people.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: We've spent a lot of time discussing
dialog: those years. Remember we said that
dialog: fear is a transfer of the bodily
dialog: hurt associated by experience with
dialog: the thing feared, to the thought of
dialog: the thing. Thus we fear a dog without
text: distinctly imagining its bite.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Shouldn't you be taking notes?
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: Tell me about your vision of the
dialog: reunion.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP - MARTIN
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V. - FROM ABOVE
text: Of a crowded gymnasium. The alumni below stops what they are
text: doing and look up at Martin, DRAWING GUNS OF ALL SHAPES AND
scene_heading: SIZES AND OPEN FIRE ON MARTIN. THE UNITED FORCE INSTANTLY
text: DISINTEGRATES, AND ALL 400 PEOPLE TURN THEIR GUNS ON EACH
text: OTHER. A BLOODBATH ENSUES. ONE ALUMNI SHOOTS HER OWN HEAD
text: OFF, ANOTHER MOWS DOWN THE BAR, ETC.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: MARTIN AND OATMAN
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It'll be depressing.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I just know.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: Say more.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: They'll have husbands and wives and
dialog: children and houses and dogs....
dialog: made themselves a part of something.
dialog: And they can talk about what they
dialog: do. What am I going to say?
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: "I killed the President of Paraguay
dialog: with a fork."
text: Oatman twitches nervously, almost spilling his coffee.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: You needn't be so frank with me about
dialog: your work.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Why not. I trust you. You couldn't
dialog: turn me in because of Doctor-Patient
dialog: privilege... and I don't want to be
dialog: "withholding"... and I know where
dialog: you live.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: You know where I live?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: We're both professionals, Oatman.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: I think what you fear Martin is
dialog: domesticity. It's the greatest fear
dialog: that men have who belong to Western
dialog: Culture. It's centuries old. Like
dialog: King Phillip, in the 11th or 12th
dialog: century who decided one day that he
dialog: was so bored with his dreary life at
dialog: home with his wife he thought, "Well,
dialog: wouldn't it be great if we hit the
dialog: road and fought... oh... the
dialog: Saracens." So he put the word out
dialog: and was amazed when a million men
dialog: signed up and all of them wanted to
dialog: go and fight in distant lands and do
dialog: terrible things to people rather
dialog: than stay at home with their families.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So you're saying that Ulysses--
dialog: everything he said to his queen when
dialog: he came back--everything was a lie?
dialog: He just wanted to fuck around?
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mmm.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: And how have you been feeling about
dialog: your... work lately?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Uneasy. Dispassionate. Bored. It's
dialog: just getting hard to go to work in a
dialog: good mood. I'm starting to think
dialog: I've been in the business too long.
dialog: Last week I did a guy younger than
dialog: me.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH -
scene_heading: SERIES OF QUICK SHOTS:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: From the back of the darkened empty church, we see him mount
text: the altar. A priest in fact.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S HANDS
text: open the gilded doors to reveal the chalice. He removes it,
text: squirts a clear liquid into the cup, and swishes it out. He
text: returns the chalice to the cabinet.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
text: The church seems to be purging itself
dialog: of it's pedophile.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Sits in the back pew of the church, now crowded for Mann. He
text: watches the PRIEST lift the chalice into the air, murmur a
text: prayer, and drink from it. The Priest collapses behind the
dialog: altar.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: It's a bull market.
scene_heading: C.U. OF ALTAR CARPET
text: The chalice bounces free from the Priest's hand as it hits
dialog: the ground.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: Anyway, that never use to happen. I
dialog: was always the prodigy. Now I'm just
dialog: one of the guys.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe some of the discomfort you're
dialog: feeling is... guilt. Remorse. Over
dialog: the innocent people you've killed.
scene_heading: INT. OATMAN'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If I show up at your door, chances
dialog: are you did something to bring me
dialog: there. I don't care about that stuff,
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: What stuff?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: Morality.
text: Oatman's glad the session's just about over.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: Go to your reunion, Martin. See those
dialog: people and discover what they mean
dialog: to you. Try not to kill anybody for
dialog: a few days, see how you feel.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If I get antsy I'll kill a few small
dialog: animals.
speaker_heading: OATMAN
dialog: Now we're making progress.
scene_heading: INT. CONDO - NIGHT
text: Very dark. No pictures or plants. Almost no furniture, and
text: what he does have is black. The only sign of life is a CAT.
text: The cat watches on as Martin sorts through a cardboard box,
text: finally coming to a photo album.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Meow.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Just a minute.
speaker_heading: INSERT-ALBUM
text: A teen-aged Martin Blank: shy boy with a nervous smile. He
text: poses with his mother, an older woman with a kind smile...
text: but her eyes are dark; aged by a life of work and worry. On
text: the opposing page is a gilt funeral announcement that reads:
text: "IN LOVING MEMORY... VISTOR ALLEN BLANK...."
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: turns the page.
scene_heading: INSERT-PHOTO ALBUM
text: A photograph of a tall, thin girl: a bright smile from within
text: a bulky winter coat. A girl he's always wondered about: DEBI
text: NEWBERRY. Handwritten on the photo in girlish loops: "Would
dialog: you rather...?!"
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Meow!
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME
text: Martin pulls himself away from the album and the cat follows
text: him, moaning hungrily--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Food soon...
text: Martin opens a restaurant-style refrigerator. It holds various
text: bottles of vitamins, spirulina, wheatgrass, digestible
dialog: hydrogen peroxide, fluoride treatment, oxygenated mouth rinse,
text: and thirty cans of CATFOOD.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tuna or liver?
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Meow.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tuna it is.
text: He opens a can for the cat and a bottle for himself. While
text: the cat eats, he returns to the cardboard box. Finds a
text: YEARBOOK. Flips it open....
scene_heading: INSERT-YEARBOOK
text: A picture of a senior class "Blues Brothers" party: a group
text: of teens mug to the camera in Blues Brothers get-ups.
text: Sprinters race for a finish line, their chests stretching
dialog: for the tape.
scene_heading: DEBI NEWBERY'S SENIOR PICTURE
text: A more mature version of the girl in the album. Her name
text: appears under his picture...
scene_heading: INT. GROCER'S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Track light fills the gourmet-rustic kitchen. GROCER stands,
text: wearing a burgundy Fila sweat suit, pushing beets into a
text: vegetable juicer. Next to the juicer are piles of celery and
text: carrots, as well. A low-key BLIP is heard from another room.
text: Grocer tops off the glass and takes it out of the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. GROCER'S GREAT ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Grocer enters the main room of the villa-style A-frame. He
text: moves to an antique oak desk and sits in front of a COMPUTER.
scene_heading: ON-SCREEN GRAPHICS
dialog: "Click OK for remote access caller"
dialog: OK is clicked.
dialog: "Availability for two days in Detroit area"
dialog: "Terms"
dialog: "$560,000"
dialog: "When"
dialog: "Now"
dialog: "OK/ FAX materials"
text: Grocer leans back in his chair and sips the juice. After a
text: moment, the FAX machine on the desk rattles. The computer
text: beeps.
scene_heading: "confirmation number of wire transfer#: AJ6687-OI99471"
text: Grocer hits the return button after taking in the number. A
dialog: graphic appears:
dialog: "Connection is terminated/ Status idle"
text: Grocer's FAX begins to moan and chatter. Grocer raises his
text: juice glass to the computer in a lazy toast.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE - NIGHT
text: Martin reclines in first class, soaring toward the Midwest
text: on the red-eye. He has already scanned his magazines and
text: they are piled in the empty seat next to him. He sets aside
text: a Powerbar. Martin reads Kill Without Joy. After a moment,
text: he sets the book down and takes up Iron John.
scene_heading: INT. DETROIT AIRPORT TERMINAL - EARLY MORNING
text: At the edge of the airport bar sits LARDNER and MCCULLERS,
text: two Government Spooks, agency unknown. They are both in
text: blazers, no ties, early thirties, and they watch the passing
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: You always say that. You always say
dialog: that. I'm telling you, you never met
dialog: the man.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: Seventeen months ago I was posting a
dialog: walk in Lisbon, and he was there. He
dialog: never saw me. But I saw him, though.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Lisbon?
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: In Portugal, yes.
text: In the background, Martin passes by them as he walks down
text: the hall. Without directly regarding him, the two stand,
text: drop some cash on the bar, and begin to leave.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Here's the news: He hasn't been in
dialog: Portugal since '90. I know that from
dialog: the file. Why don't you read the
dialog: file, man?
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: In fact, I think I talked with him,
dialog: in Bonn.
text: Lardner can neither confirm nor deny this.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: You always say that. You always have
dialog: to know everybody. Why don't I just
dialog: take the weekend off and let you
dialog: kill him. Since you two are so close.
text: They exit.
scene_heading: EXT. EXIT RAMP, DETROIT AIRPORT - MORNING
scene_heading: INSIDE MARTIN'S CAR
text: Martin, in a black Lincoln Town Car, veers off of the airport
text: artery and on to a turnpike. The radio broadcasts the news.
speaker_heading: BROADCAST (V.O.)
dialog: ...with highs today in the upper
dialog: seventies. Related stocks on Wall
dialog: Street today as scandal continues to
dialog: rock the joint U.S.-Japanese Tech
dialog: Center...
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S CAR
text: blows past CAMERA and on down the road. After a beat, a mid-
text: eighties Ford Country Squire station wagon follows, occupied
dialog: by two figures.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COUNTRY SQUIRE
text: are Lardner and McCullers. They listen to the same broadcast.
speaker_heading: BROADCAST (V.O.)
text: ...An unknown "whistle-blower" has
dialog: leaked a number of critical flaws in
dialog: the safety designs of next year's
dialog: models to authorities that could
dialog: cost millions in recalls....
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: flips through the dial, pausing on Rush Limbaugh who waxes
dialog: fascistically.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mein hero.
text: ...and then turns the dial again and cuts in on "Armageddon
text: Time," slow reggae vibe by The Clash.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY-
text: Martin drives down the roadway... headlong into his past.
dialog: Dig it...
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S CAR
text: Martin turns up the volume as he reacts to a familiar
dialog: voice....
speaker_heading: FEMALE DEEJAY (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: --this is WFRN, all vinyl, all the
dialog: time. Oldies from the eighties. It's
dialog: a cold summer day in Grosse Pointe--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP - A FULL, FEMALE MOUTH
text: lit only by dime slivers of sunlight, in front of a
text: microphone. Stray, gossamer strands of hair hanging in her
text: face move in front of her mouth as she speaks....
speaker_heading: FEMALE DEEJAY
dialog: --and I'm ready for some good tunes
text: and angry talk. Or angry tunes and
dialog: good talk--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: looking somewhere far away, beyond what is before him in the
dialog: windshield...
speaker_heading: FEMALE DEEJAY (V.O.)
dialog: --Or maybe we'll just play the Cocteau
text: Twins and get over the goo-angry-
dialog: talking music. As you know--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE DEEJAY'S HANDS
text: as they distractedly toy with the wire at the base of the
dialog: mic.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DEEJAY (V.O.)
dialog: --for some moments in life there are
dialog: no words, and a little nonsense now
dialog: and then is relished by the wisest
dialog: man--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: still rapt, makes a sharp turn into a shopping district.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HER MOUTH
speaker_heading: FEMALE DEEJAY
dialog: --The Cocteau Twins, though also a
dialog: band of the nineties, will be aired
dialog: due to the fact that they created
dialog: their own language to sing by--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: slows on a quaint street of cute shops. He creeps up to a
text: storefront on hid right and stops, staring through the
dialog: passenger window....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DEBI NEWBERRY
text: the female deejay. She sits slumped in a well-worn executive
text: chair, her back to the studio console and the picture window
text: behind it that opens to the street....
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: --Now that's freedom--
text: she swivels in the chair to face the street....
speaker_heading: DEBI'S P.O.V.
text: of Martin's Town Car outside, Martin silhouetted in shadow.
speaker_heading: DEBI
text: Her brow furrowed as she peers at the car, something summoned
text: by the dark figure. Her words falter almost imperceptibly.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: --The best I can do is a rhyme: Where
dialog: are all the good men dead? In the
dialog: heart or in the head? Back later....
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Shaken from his trance by her stare, pulls back into the
text: street and disappears....
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S CAR - MORNING
text: Martin drives, listening to the radio. He turns the corner
text: with an expectant look on his face. Suddenly his face drops
text: as he slows and pulls over....
scene_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V. - 7-11 STORE
text: Martin looks left of the store, then right, behind him, then
text: back at the store. Bewildered, he gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
text: of Martin as he walks with purpose. He halts in the middle
text: of the lot. He puts his hands on his hips, stares, then moves
text: in... We stay wide as he enters the store and addresses the
text: clerk inside.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: CARL, the store clerk tries to get a grip on this question.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: A double shift. What's it look like?
dialog: (softening)
dialog: Can I help you with something?
text: Martin's head pans the room, processing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don't think so.
scene_heading: EXT. 7-11 PAYPHONE - MORNING
text: Martin continues to gaze at the structure as if it's a lunar
dialog: landscape.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Dr. Oatman. Dr. Oatman. Please pick
dialog: up if you're there... It's Martin
text: Blank. It's gone. My house. It's not
dialog: here. My house is gone and now there's
dialog: a 7-11 here... And that's
dialog: unfortunate... You can never go home
text: again, Dr. Oatman.
text: Martin hangs up. He watches one-stop shoppers come and go.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: But I guess you can shop there.
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME - DAY
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V.
text: of a NURSE leading him down a drab, antiseptic hallway. She
text: banks into the sunlit room where a wispy woman in her late
text: fifties sits expectantly on the edge of the bed clutching
text: her purse in one hand, a filterless Pall-Mall in the other,
text: a light coat on. This is MARY BLANK. She suffers from
text: Alzheimer's or something just as debilitating.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Mary, your son's here.
text: The nurse gently eases Mary up. Martin hugs Mary stiffly and
text: pats her shoulders. Mary takes hold of Martin's arm. They
text: start out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY
text: They walk past a school-yard park fitted with a set of swings,
text: baseball diamonds, and a small grove of trees. She smokes
dialog: and hacks.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I bought a new rug.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That's wonderful, Mom.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What's a revival tent?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's a place where religious people--
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (knowingly)
dialog: Marlin Perkins and Jim!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Jim?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: His assistant. He acted like Marlin's
dialog: son, only he wasn't. At least they
dialog: never said he was... I bet they were
dialog: lovers, faggots. Yes, gay lovers.
dialog: Wild Kingdom my ass!
text: Mary coughs horribly.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's good to see you. I'm sure you're
dialog: curious about what I've been doing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I spoke to your father the other
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I imagine that'd be rather difficult.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Nature made him then broke the mold.
text: Martin decides to change the subject.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: They told me you're taking lithium,
dialog: mom.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes, they give me headaches. I have
dialog: a headache.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You have a headache?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I have a headache. You have a
dialog: headache?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No, I don't have one.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You don't have a headache. I have a
dialog: headache.
text: Mary leans in close, smiling.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We had a good laugh, didn't we?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah. I guess we did.
scene_heading: EXT. NURSING HOME - DAY
text: As they head toward Martin's car, Mary stops and points to
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why don't you return this car and
dialog: borrow mine? Have Debi follow you to
dialog: the rent-a-car so you can get a ride
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I think I'll go see Debi today.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Of course you will.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I can't think of anything to say to
dialog: her that seems appropriate given I
text: left and never said goodbye to her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Take care of her. She's a keeper.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: And a leader. Didn't she meet Castro
dialog: on foreign exchange?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I have always thought about her and
dialog: missed her.
text: A nurse approaches with a wheelchair.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Separate the wheat from the chaff
dialog: and you've got the candle cat.
text: Together, Martin and the nurse help Mary into it. Mary gazes
text: at Martin, taking him in.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Remember no matter how impossible
dialog: your problems feel. I've known people
dialog: without a chance in the world. And
text: all of a sudden, they have lives.
dialog: Time allows miracles. Let yourself
dialog: breathe, son.
text: Martin bends down and kisses her on the cheek. The nurse
text: spins the chair around and heads toward the building. He is
text: somewhat fatigued from the experience, but he tries once
dialog: more to connect.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mom...
text: The nurse stops and turns Mary around to face him. Mary looks
text: up at Martin and brightens. She starts to sing out like Ethel
text: Merman, arms out Broadway style.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: "What's up doc/ what's cookin'?/
dialog: What's up doc?/ Are ya lookin'?/
dialog: Hey! Look out! You're gonna hurt
dialog: someone,/ with that old shotgun,/
dialog: Hey... what's... up... Doooooc...!/
dialog: We really mean it!"
text: Mary stops short, and squints at Martin.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Hey, you're a handsome devil. What's
dialog: your name?
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD ROAD - DAY
text: Martin stops the car and looks out the window at the sea of
text: headstones. He jerks his hand in a stiff wave...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey Pop... You got off easy. The
dialog: house is a 7-11. Mom's a psycho-
dialog: pharmacological punching bag and I
dialog: murder for cash. If you were here I
dialog: think you'd be proud.
text: He drives off.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S SUITE - DAY
text: The room features a big square bed, dresser and television.
text: Martin enters, kicks a leather bag under the bed, and grabs
text: the steel-sided briefcase.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: pries out a wall vent, slides in the
text: case and replaces the vent.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Lardner and McCullers are staked out along the main strip of
text: town. Lardner snores, face pressed up against the passenger
text: window. McCullers lays back in his seat, a to-go cup in his
text: lap. He taps the cup with one finger as he absently sings
dialog: his favorite Bob Seeger song to himself...
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: "...Against the wind... just a young
dialog: man running... Against the wind...
dialog: let the cowboy's ride!... Blame on
dialog: it the thuuunder! Night moves..."
text: McCullers catches of Martin's Town Car coming down the street.
text: He nudges Lardner, and points.
scene_heading: LARDNER AND MCCULLERS P.O.V.
text: of Martin pulling into a space on the street outside the
text: radio station. He gets out, looking nervous.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION - DAY
text: Debi flips on the "ON-AIR" switch and prepares to speak into
text: the microphone. Martin walks in. Debi sees him. They stare
text: at each other. The song ends. Dead air. After a moment...
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (on air, groping)
text: WRFN playing all vinyl, all the time.
dialog: Oldies from the eighties. That was
dialog: ah... the Specials. Doing... one of
dialog: their songs...
text: Debi turns to turntable B and finds it empty. She turns back
text: to turntable A and lets the record roll on.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: ...and here's another.
text: Debi swivels around to face Martin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: "Oldies from the eighties?"
text: After a long pause....
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I just play my own collection.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's nice to see you again.
text: Debi says nothing, just stares at him, in shock.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How long has it been?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Since you stood me up on prom night
dialog: and vanished without saying a word?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ten years, I think. What I miss?
text: Debi slowly grooves into irony, her best defense.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Well, let me see... they tore down
dialog: the George Orwell monument and put
text: up a bust of George Michael. Main
text: Street's a four-laner, no left turns
dialog: four to seven. I was married and
dialog: divorced. And Grosse Pointe is now
dialog: officially the new sister city to
dialog: Lower Hutt, New Zealand. We have
dialog: fiber-optic town meetings every two
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Here is now there. There is here.
text: Their eyes lock on each other...
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Those are the headlines.
text: The request line buzzes.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Hold that thought.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: WRFN FM, Grosse Pointe. All vinyl,
dialog: all the...
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: No Pearl Jam. Call back in ten years.
text: Beat. Debi makes the move.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Tell me about yourself.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm in California most of the time.
dialog: Traveling a lot on business. That's
dialog: about it, really.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Not much else.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: What's your business?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm a professional killer.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Professional killer. Do you get dental
dialog: with that?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Well, I'm in town for a few days,
dialog: anyway.
text: They run out of words, the moment too big for small talk.
text: Martin gets the fear, breaks it off.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Well, I gotta go. But I'll come back.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Okay.
text: Martin leaves Debi sitting alone, in disbelief.
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO STATION - DAY
text: Martin steps out of the storefront station along the
text: fashionable Grosse Pointe shopping district. He stops in the
text: middle of the street with a strained look on his face.
scene_heading: INT. LARDNER &amp; MCCULLERS' COUNTRY SQUIRE - SAME
scene_heading: LARDNER &amp; MCCULLERS' P.O.V.
text: of Martin standing in the street.
scene_heading: LARDNER AND MCCULLERS
text: They frown, wondering at Martin's next move.
scene_heading: INT. DEEJAY BOOTH -
text: Debi lost in thought, still. After a moment, she sits upright
text: and flips the "ON-AIR" switch.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: A man comes to you. He is from the
dialog: past bringing you pain long since
dialog: put behind you. He says peculiar
text: things and leaves abruptly. It all
text: comes flooding back...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -
text: Martin stops in his tracks. His face softens, then becomes
text: determined. He turns and walks back toward the station.
scene_heading: INT. DEEJAY BOOTH -
dialog: Debi broadcasting...
speaker_heading: DEBI
text: It felt like an apparition, or some
text: cheap, gruesome Rod Serling time
dialog: warp I'd been thrust back into without
text: warning. There's a strangeness in
dialog: the air and I don't mind telling
dialog: you, I'm a little spooked. He was a
dialog: man from my past. A man I loved. A
dialog: man who disappeared.
speaker_heading: DEBI'S P.O.V.
text: of Martin walking back into the station.
speaker_heading: DEBI
text: A man who's walking back into the
dialog: station.
text: Martin comes into the booth. The temperature rises as they
text: square off.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY SQUIRE -
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Well, remember when Frysal's men
dialog: paid off the Deejay in Cairo to
text: announce a bogus press conference in
dialog: the --
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: --Nooo--
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: --Yes. And the Munich Olympics in
text: '72. A local radio station started
dialog: broadcasting news of the massacre
text: two minutes before it happened.
text: McCullers is not to be outdone.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: That's strictly Bader-Meinhof stuff.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: It was the PLO.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: Whatever.
scene_heading: INT. DEEJAY BOOTH
text: Martin and Debi locked in a passionate embrace. They break
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Sit.
text: Martin obeys. Debi clandestinely flips the "ON-AIR" switch
text: as she drops into her chair. The "ON-AIR" light bar goes on
text: above and behind Martin. Unbeknownst to him their conversation
text: is put out over the airwaves.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: All right mystery man. I want some
dialog: answers. Let's recap. Spring of '84.
text: Two young lovers with frightening
text: natural chemistry. The girl sits in
text: a seven-hundred dollar prom dress at
text: her father's house waiting for the
dialog: most romantic night of her young
text: life. The boy never shows up, until
dialog: now. So, what's the question?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where have I been?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: More like what happened? What
dialog: happened, Mr. Blank?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don't know exactly. I could venture
dialog: a guess but it would sound like a
dialog: rationalization... I thought you
dialog: know... maybe seeing you, some
dialog: friends, my house... of course now a
dialog: 7-11--
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: --Torn down in the name of convenience--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: --and I guess, sure, seeing you would
dialog: be part of that whole equation... I
dialog: suppose the most important thing,
dialog: really. I don't know. Anyway, this
dialog: whole thing's my therapist's idea.
dialog: It's my shrink, really.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Ohhh. You're in therapy too, Marty?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You see someone?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Uh, no. So you're back now, a decade
dialog: later, and you want to sort things
dialog: out with me. The question now is, do
dialog: I allow you... access... to my being?
text: Martin says nothing.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: All right then. Would you like to
dialog: share any more deeply personal
dialog: thoughts with our listening audience
dialog: before we go to our phone poll and
dialog: see how the folks in radioland come
dialog: down on this one?
text: A beat as Martin realizes he's been had. He seems about to
dialog: bolt.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Should a broken-hearted girl give a
dialog: guy a second chance at love....
text: Debi jabs a phone line on the console.
speaker_heading: DEBI
speaker_heading: (HARD)
dialog: You're on the air.
text: Martin deflates.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I think this young man has avoided
dialog: the question completely. Has not
dialog: discussed "what happened" nor if
dialog: he's sorry for what he has done.
dialog: Therefore, I don't see any reason
dialog: why you should see him until he fully
text: discloses his intentions and feelings.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Thank you caller.
text: Stabs another line.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: You're on the air.
speaker_heading: DUMB GUY VOICE
dialog: Are you there?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DUMB GUY VOICE
dialog: No, the guy.
text: Martin looks up, humiliated.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah....
speaker_heading: DUMB GUY VOICE
dialog: Uh... when you guys use to go out...
dialog: Did you guys ever... heh heh heh
dialog: heh... ever fuckin', ever totally
dialog: fuckin' heh heh heh-
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Next caller.
speaker_heading: GUFF MAN VOICE
dialog: I don't know, Debi. Sounds like bad
dialog: gas to me. I would not allow him
dialog: access to your being.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Grosse Pointe Michigan, I hear you
dialog: loud and clear: "If you love something
dialog: set it free. If it comes back to you
dialog: it's, well...
text: She turns to him and shrugs apologetically.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: ...Broken...."
text: Martin has his answer.
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO STATION - DAY
text: Martin leaves the station, alone and beaten down.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Dammit. Never trust my instincts.
text: He scans the main strip.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V.
text: A MAN walks down the street. He is FELIX, a bookish,
text: forgettable man in his forties, wearing Le Coq Sportif sweats
text: and shoes. He looks as if he has a dark cloud over his head.
text: Martin's seen him somewhere, and doesn't like what he
text: remembers. Martin's POV TRACKS him.
speaker_heading: FELIX'S P.O.V.
text: As he walks down the street, he spots the Country Squire,
text: and eyes Lardner and McCullers in the front seat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V.
text: follows Felix's eyes to Lardner and McCullers and catches
text: their look. Their eyes lock, neither wanting to betray that
dialog: they've made each other. They all do a pretty good job. His
text: P.O.V. swings to a square-jawed, hale fellow wearing dark
text: sunglasses who is approaching directly and only a few feet
text: away. The man is going for something in his breast pocket...
text: Reaches into his own jacket, most likely for a gun....
speaker_heading: THE MAN
text: pulls out a glasses case, and takes off his shades-- He is
scene_heading: PAUL SWIDERSKI.
scene_heading: MARTIN AND PAUL
text: Martin relaxes.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (grinning ear-to-ear)
dialog: Hell, I would've voted for you, but
dialog: there's all this apple sauce stuck
dialog: in my phone... I don't wanna talk
dialog: about it. How the hell are you?!
dialog: (extends his hand)
dialog: Here's five good ones!
text: No trace of recognition on Martin's face.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Marty! It's me. Paul.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Paul?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (re: hand)
dialog: You're leaving me hanging here...
text: They shake. Martin looks him up and down, astonished at the
text: respectable veneer of his old burn-out friend.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey. Give me a break.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S BMW - DAY
dialog: Martin and Paul rive through Grosse Pointe, Michigan: Wide
text: streets lined with huge, shady oaks. Castle-like homes on
text: golf-course green lawns. A comfortable, Midwestern Beverly
text: Hills. They are cruising their old haunts, Paul smoking a
dialog: joint.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: This won't take but a minute. I just
dialog: gotta hold their hands for a final
dialog: walk-through. I'll take them in, get
dialog: 'em out, then you and I can grab a
dialog: little quality time.
text: Martin looks out the window, breathing in the past.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Goddamn, It's good to see you. I was
dialog: afraid you joined a cult or something.
dialog: I half-expected you to come back to
text: town in a fennel wreath and paper
dialog: pants.
text: Paul offers Martin the joint. He declines.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: There was no money in it.
text: Martin regards Paul archly.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: So what happened to you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Same thing that happened to you-- I
dialog: stopped poutin' there on the
dialog: sidelines. Got in. Got on the team.
dialog: I joined the working week, you slick
dialog: fucking asshole, so why don't you
dialog: valet park your high horse and take
dialog: it easy on your old buddy, Paul.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Fair enough.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: God it's great to see you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You too.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK LLOYD WRIGHT HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V.
text: of a lovely YOUNG COUPLE on the front porch of a mid-sized
dialog: Wright home... Perhaps that could be him if things were
text: different, but for now it feels like along shot. Paul is
text: hawking the house to them out of earshot.
speaker_heading: SOUTHTEC GUARD (V.O.)
dialog: Well, we do what we have to do if we
dialog: find you on the property. But we
dialog: don't really enforce the law, we
dialog: execute company policy for homeowners.
scene_heading: MARTIN AND THE GUARD
text: standing in the driveway.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So when are you authorized to use
dialog: deadly force?
speaker_heading: SOUTHTEC GUARD
dialog: Well, a 'course, taxes provide your
dialog: basic service-- police and whatnot.
dialog: But our customers need a little more
dialog: than just that, you understand? This
dialog: badge doesn't mean that I am a peace
dialog: officer.
text: The woman turns at Martin and smiles. Martin smiles back.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So it's not a meaningful symbol, or
dialog: anything. That badge is just the
dialog: badge of your company. If I look
dialog: suspicious on your customers' property--
dialog: well, under those heightened
dialog: circumstances you have the authority
dialog: to, ah... To shoot me.
speaker_heading: SOUTHTEC GUARD
dialog: To shoot you. Correct.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How did you get this job?
speaker_heading: SOUTHTEC GUARD
dialog: Well, they were hiring, and it was
dialog: only a two week course...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: Wow.
text: Paul walks the happy couple down the steps.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to couple)
dialog: ...What more can I say.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We'll talk soon.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (much hand gesturing)
dialog: You'll be raising your new family in
text: a work of art. A work of art in a
dialog: work of art.
text: Paul looks at Martin and the Guard, inviting them into the
dialog: sell.
speaker_heading: SOUTHTEC GUARD
dialog: I'm sure you'll be very happy.
dialog: All look to Martin....
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (heartfelt)
dialog: When my time comes, if it ever does,
dialog: I want a beautiful, normal place
dialog: like this... and a wife like you...
text: All are confused. Martin thumbs to the guard.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...and you'll be safe here...
text: Paul looks at his shoes and rolls his shoulders.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK LLOYD WRIGHT HOUSE
text: Lardner and McCullers sit in the wagon, watching the house
text: in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S BMW - LATER
text: Martin and Paul cut through a particularly charming
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Now. I don't make a habit of pimping
dialog: my friends, but there is one prime
dialog: little piece of land that you must
dialog: see...
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V.
text: A sprawling gingerbread mansion rises into view. A long and
text: winding driveway cuts through thickly wooded property to the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: Debi's house.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: Kind of crept up on you, didn't it?
scene_heading: C.U. OF MARTIN
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No. You drove us here.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, but it's still kind of eerie,
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No.
text: Martin's not listening. His eyes track the house out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V.
dialog: of the mansion.
text: They roll slowly by Debi's house.
text: They drive in silence for a beat. Paul suddenly swerves to
text: the shoulder, jams the brake, and turns on Martin.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ten years. What happened!?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I freaked out, joined the Army, worked
dialog: for the government, and went into
dialog: business for myself... I'm a
dialog: professional killer.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thank you.
text: Paul, satisfied, gets back on the road.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Professional killer, huh? Does that
dialog: come with a good HMO?
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Paul makes a turn. They approach a large car dealership. The
text: sign above it says
scene_heading: "DESTEPHANO'S BAVARIAN MOTOR WORKS"
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (looking ahead)
dialog: He sells BMW's?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He sold me this bad boy.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How could you put your hard-earned
dialog: dollars into the hands of the class
dialog: bully?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He gave me a great deal.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mein Dealer.
text: Paul slows outside the lot. BOB DESTEPHANO-- a big, angry-
text: looking man in an expensive suit-- stands in the lot, puffing
text: up amidst his stable of expensive cars.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey! Bob! The car's running great.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: Glad to hear it.
text: Bob turns his back on them and begins to walk away.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Bob...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (turning)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's me. Martin Blank.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Really...? So what?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay. See you later.
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO STATION - NIGHT
text: Martin climbs out of Paul's car and begins to walk toward
text: his own. Paul calls after him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: See you at the left-a-boy-came-back-
dialog: a-man-made-good party.
text: Martin nods him off. Paul pulls away.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: stands across the street from the radio station, looking at
text: Debi in the window... Martin draws a thin rifle scope from
text: his back pocket, and lifts it to his eye...
scene_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V. - SCOPE
text: of Debi, in the crosshairs, bored, tapping a pencil to the
text: beat of an unheard song.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: dejected. He puts the scope away and gets in his car.
scene_heading: INT. 7-11 - NIGHT
text: Martin walks into the store, looking around once again at
text: his old home. To the left of the door, a typical suburban
text: teenage SKATEBOARDER is lost in the "Mortal Combat" video
text: game and something too loud from his walkman. Carl, still
text: working the double, nods to Martin.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What's done is done.
text: Martin moves up one aisle to the gum rack. He picks out a
text: pack of Beaman's and unwraps a stick as he heads to the
text: counter. On the way, he makes a black Town Car pulling into
text: a spot next to his own. He immediately changes course, and
text: bee-lines for a rear aisle where he ducks down...
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: Comes through the door, drawing a Mac-10 for each hand.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: grabs the gum out of his mouth and sticks it onto the bottom
text: of the Glock .9mm he has produced from somewhere in his suit.
speaker_heading: CARL
text: grabs the cash drawer, sets it on the counter, and puts his
text: hands up.
speaker_heading: THE SKATEBOARDER
text: Plays on.
speaker_heading: FELIX AND CARL
text: Felix shoots CARL DEAD on his way toward
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Bolts up the cooler aisle. Bursts of FIRE follow him, taking
text: out each freezer door behind him.
scene_heading: MARTIN AND FELIX
text: EXCHANGE FIRE John Woo-style between the aisles of the cramped
text: store. Felix delivers a close-to-home burst as he jumps the
text: counter, sending Martin diving out of view.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: pinned behind the Slurpee machine, pauses to reload his now
text: two Glock nines. Martin steals a glance to get a bead on
text: Felix and is met with a salvo that rocks the Slurpee machine,
text: spattering him with several flavors... and that's all he can
text: take. Martin comes up BLASTING with both guns, but all that's
text: left of Felix is swinging doors and squealing tires.
text: Martin moves to the cashier island, low to the ground.
speaker_heading: THE SKATEBOARDER
text: Twitches and jerks, still absorbed in his game and oblivious
text: to the surrounding carnage.
speaker_heading: CASHIER ISLAND
text: Martin crawls through the waist-level swinging door and moves
dialog: to Carl.
speaker_heading: CARL
text: is really dead. Martin rolls him over to check it out and
dialog: finds
speaker_heading: A BOMB
text: under the corpse.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Flips the corpse back on top of the device and leaps the
text: counter toward the doors. He grabs the shoulder or the
text: Skateboarder, who shrugs him off, annoyed--
speaker_heading: SKATEBOARDER
dialog: What the fuck, man?!
text: The video game screen explodes. Shot full of Martin's bullets.
text: The Skateboarder reacts backward and Martin jerks him out of
text: the double doors.
scene_heading: EXT. 7-11 - CONTINUOUS
text: The Skateboarder is running like crazy, and Martin's car is
text: peeling out in reverse as the 7-11 is blown to hell.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S CAR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Martin's hair is matted with Slurpee as he tries to drive
text: and cool out. He sees his do in the mirror, pulls out a comb
text: and starts to comb it back into a slick Pat Riley style.
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO STATION - NIGHT
text: Martin walks in, not looking half bad, considering. Debi
text: looks up from some reading. "Nave Melody" by the Talking
text: Heads plays in the studio.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Are you going to the reunion?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: No. I'm not going. Is that why you're
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That's part of it.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Well, you'll have a ball. You seem
dialog: to have everything everybody wants
text: when they go back. The car, the suit,
dialog: the watch. The look. That just leaves
dialog: the little things, like happiness,
dialog: character, point of view...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's always the little things.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Yep.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm wondering how you've been. How
dialog: you are. I'd like to catch up with
dialog: you. If it's possible.
text: Beat as Debi considers. She spins her seat to face him.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Okay. Let's catch up. You go first.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Well, there's not much to tell.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I'm sure you've done worthwhile things
dialog: in the last ten years. You've had
dialog: experiences.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Bad experiences.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: You met people.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Bad people.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Watched television?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Bad television.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Jesus. Marty. You're pathetic. It
dialog: sounds like you need a Shockabuku.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: It's a swift spiritual kick to the
dialog: head that alters your reality forever.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That'd be good.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: What do you want?
dialog: The question is open.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I figured I could pick you up tomorrow
text: around seven o'clock.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Let me get this straight, are you
dialog: asking me out?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Unbelievable.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Seven it is.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I'll think about it.
scene_heading: EXT. JOSHUA TREE CAMPSITE - NIGHT
text: Under a crisp and starry night, a man and a woman sit around
text: a campfire. As we MOVE CLOSER we see that the woman is
text: Marcella reading, "Women Who Run With Wolves." She tends to
text: s'mores on the campfire, assembles one, and hands it to MONTY,
text: her young outdoorsman boyfriend. Monty is perched on a small
text: boulder, engaged in a Tai-Chi-like ritual, wearing Patagonia's
text: finest. There is a path of crystals leading from the fire to
text: the boulder. In the background is a tent and a Nissan
text: Pathfinder. Monty's watch goes off.
speaker_heading: MONTY
dialog: Baby, it's eight o'clock.
text: Marcella gets up.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: Thanks, Monty.
text: She tousles Monty's hair on the way to the truck.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Marcella gets in. She shuts the door and dials the phone.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: Hey there, how'd it go?
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S SUITE - NIGHT - INTERCUT
text: Martin sits on the edge of the bed in a towel.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It isn't done.
text: Marcella pauses, taking this in.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: This is not good.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'll do it tomorrow.
dialog: Marcella considers this.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: What's it look like?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's fine.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: You haven't looked at the dossier.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (a little defensive)
dialog: I've looked at it.
text: Martin eyes the vent.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: You have.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yes. It's the same as usual. Nothing
dialog: remarkable about it at all.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: I have to call the client and give
dialog: them a reason why you're late.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tell them my house exploded.
text: Beat. Marcella doesn't know what to make of this.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: I'll call them and tell them you're
dialog: taking your time. Being a
dialog: professional.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay, call them. Fine. Oh-- And if
dialog: you could find out why they double-
dialog: booked the job, and who is trying to
dialog: kill me, and call me back-- that's
dialog: be great.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: Will do.
text: Martin hangs up. He moves up to the air vent, deciding to
text: get down to business. He pries it open, and withdraws his
text: briefcase, putting it down on the bed and propping it open.
text: He looks at the unopened dossier for a moment, flips it over
text: in his hands, and tosses it on the bed.
speaker_heading: BRIEFCASE
text: We catch a glimpse of Martin's weapons. Martin picks up the
text: envelope and is about to tear the seal when
scene_heading: THE PHONE RINGS
text: Martin drops the envelope and lifts the receiver.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Are you there?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Pick me up at my father's house at
dialog: around seven. And don't be late this
dialog: time.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Hello...?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This night, this reunion will be an
dialog: important step in our relationship.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: You're fucking psycho.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't rush to judgement until all
dialog: the facts are in.
text: She hangs up. Martin smiles and replaces the receiver. He
text: turns to the apparatus laid out on the bed.
scene_heading: GUNS, BULLETS, ETC.
text: What has been his life is beginning to look more like death
text: to him. He places the envelope in the case, then returns the
text: case to its hiding place.
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - DAY
text: Lardner and McCullers stake out Martin from the Country Squire
text: across the street.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: I wish he'd do his job already so we
dialog: could do our job.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: We can't do our job unless he does
dialog: his job.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: Why don't we just do his job then,
dialog: so we can do our job, and get the
dialog: fuck out of here.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Do his job? I'm not a cold-blooded
dialog: killer.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: Wait a minute--
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: -Look. You want to kill a Good Guy,
dialog: but not be a Bad Guy, you wait until
text: a Bad Guy kills the Good Guy, and
dialog: then you come in and kill the Bad
dialog: Guy, and then you're the Good Guy.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: So if we do his job, we're the bad
dialog: guys. If we do our job, we're the
dialog: good guys.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Yup.
text: They both laugh, as if at some great joke. Their laughter is
text: caught short by the sight of
scene_heading: LARDNER AND MCCULLERS' POV
speaker_heading: GROCER
text: moving into the diner.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - LATE MORNING
text: Martin sits in a window booth splitting nutrient caplets
text: into an apple juice and looking out the window.
speaker_heading: GROCER
text: slides into the booth, across from Martin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN AND GROCER
text: Martin draws a nasty little PPK pistol from his waist, and
text: levels it at Grocer under the table-- but Grocer is already
text: drawing his pistol down there, and there is an instant Mexican
text: breakfast stand-off.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Easy, tiger.
text: A waitress approaches.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Hi. Welcome to B.I. McCafferty's. My
dialog: name is Melanie and I'll be your
dialog: server this morning. Let me tell you
dialog: about some of our specials. Today we
dialog: have the "Alfalfa on My Mind," our
dialog: feature omelette. And there's our
dialog: "Gatsby's West Egg Omelette." And if
dialog: you're in the mood for something
dialog: different there's the "I left my
dialog: heart in San Franchezie."
text: Martin and Grocer's eyes remain locked.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: I want two eggs poached, hash brown
dialog: well-done. English muffin for the
dialog: bread. And a coffee.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Whole-grain pancakes. And an egg-
text: white omelette.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: What would you like in the omelette?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Nothing in the omelette. Nothing at
dialog: all.
text: The waitress nods pertly and leaves.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: (re: the omelette)
dialog: Come on, live a little. I'm sorry
dialog: about the incident yesterday.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No harm no foul.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: A little misunderstanding among my
dialog: associates.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: I told them to kill you and they
dialog: didn't.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hard to get good help these days.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: But since we're both here, I think
dialog: it's time to take a fresh look at
dialog: our relationship.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I didn't get into this business to
dialog: have "associates." And I don't want
dialog: to join your Goddamned union. "Loner--
dialog: " "Loner gunman." Get it? "On my
dialog: own." That's the whole point. Why
dialog: don't you become a cop, or something.
dialog: You can drink coffee in the morning...
dialog: with friends!
text: Grocer looks a little hurt.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (easing up)
dialog: Look, this is a one-on-one business...
dialog: Every time you get to know people,
dialog: bad things happen. If it'll make you
dialog: feel any better, this is my last
dialog: job. So what do you say we put our
dialog: guns away and forget the whole damn
dialog: thing.
text: Grocer loses it.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Fuck you! No scabs! From now on,
dialog: everything's regulated!
text: Long beat as Grocer gets a hold of himself.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No deal.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Fine. But we're not going to let you
dialog: do your job. Because we're gonna do
dialog: it. And then, after we do your job,
dialog: we're gonna do another little job...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (Wry)
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Yeah-- after I shoot you through the
dialog: fucking forehead I'm gonna fuck you
text: in the bullethole.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Nice talk, Sugarmouth.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE - BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Martin sits at a desk, staring at the reunion card. He tosses
text: it aside, gets up, and moves in front of a mirror. He wears
text: a crisp black suit and practices his greeting smile...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (trying on smile)
dialog: Yes, I'm a pet psychiatrist. I sell
dialog: couch insurance. I test-market
dialog: positive thinking. I lead a weekend
dialog: men's group, actually. We specialize
dialog: in ritual killings. I'm hungry, are
dialog: you hungry, I'm hungry, oooh, ooh.
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Hi, I'm Martin Blank, remember me?
dialog: I'm not married, I have no kids and
dialog: I'd blow your brains out if someone
dialog: paid me enough... So how've you been?
dialog: Where do you stand on The Issues?
dialog: Are you Left? Right? Up, down, proud,
dialog: shamed, blahblahblahblah--
scene_heading: EXT. DEBI'S HOUSE - EARLY EVENING
text: Martin makes his way up the walk leading to the front door,
text: holding a simple bouquet of flowers. He skips up the front
text: steps and finds the doorbell. After a moment, Debi answers.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Flowers. That's funny.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: As long as I get the laugh.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (taking them)
dialog: Here. Let me put these in some rubbing
dialog: alcohol.
text: She backs into the house, and he follows.
scene_heading: INT. NEWBERRY FOYER - CONTINUOUS
text: Martin follows Debi into the hall. Both are enjoying this
text: atavistic ritual.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You look beautiful.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Okay... Hold on...
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V.
text: through a doorway leading into a den. All that's visible of
text: MR. NEWBERRY, Debi's father, is a pair of legs resting in a
dialog: Barcolounger.
speaker_heading: DEBI (V.O.)
dialog: ...Let me get my coat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'll just help myself to a cocktail.
speaker_heading: DEBI
text: moves up the stairs and disappears.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: looks at the legs, rolls his shoulders, and heads into the
dialog: den.
scene_heading: INT. DEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Mr. Newberry sits in the recliner reading a Tom Clancy novel.
text: He is a corporate Aspen-dude-ranch sort with a good head of
text: hair. He sighs, closes the book on his knee and looks up to
dialog: Martin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Newberry.
scene_heading: MR. NEWBERRY
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Blank.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How are you? How's business?
scene_heading: MR. NEWBERRY
dialog: Martin, I don't know where you've
dialog: been since you abandoned my daughter
dialog: ten years ago, and I don't care. It
dialog: was good that you left, and I'm glad
dialog: you did. So what do you want to talk
dialog: about? You've grown up a bit. Maybe
dialog: I had you figured wrong.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How's that?
scene_heading: MR. NEWBERRY
dialog: I visualized you, in a haze, as one
text: of the slackster, flannel-wearing,
dialog: coffeehouse-misanthropes I've been
dialog: seeing in Newsweek.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I took the other road. I'm more of a
text: self-reflective young lion who does
dialog: business with lead-pipe cruelty and
text: goes home to drink light beer in
dialog: milky-eyes isolation. I love sports
dialog: and sex and have no real relationships
dialog: with anyone. And you?
scene_heading: MR. NEWBERRY
dialog: Oh, you know me, Martin. I'm the
dialog: same old sell-out baby-boomer,
dialog: exploiting the oppressed I got shot
dialog: for at Kent State. But why don't we
dialog: have a drink and forget the whole
dialog: thing?
text: Newberry lays down his book, and moves behind the wet bar.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Why not?
scene_heading: MR. NEWBERRY
dialog: So what are you doing with your life
dialog: now, son?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm a professional killer.
scene_heading: MR. NEWBERRY
dialog: That's good.
text: Debi's footsteps are heard coming down the stairs.
speaker_heading: DEBI (O.S.)
dialog: Okay
text: Mr. Newberry watches Martin turn and walk out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. DEBI'S HOUSE
text: Martin and Debi pull away from the curb.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DUSK
text: Martin and Debi drive through that to Debi is town, and to
text: Martin is a widening pool of quicksand.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Do you want to get a drink first?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I think they'll probably have booze
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Right.
text: Martin's right hand shakes off of the wheel a bit. He grips
text: it tighter. Suddenly, Martin turns the wheel and pulls into
text: a gas station parking lot, halting next to a pay phone.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'll just be a second.
text: Debi nods, a little confused but going with it.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Okay...
scene_heading: EXT. PAYPHONE - MINUTES LATER
text: Martin stands at the kiosk next to the Town Car, mid-
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: ...Well, I didn't kill anyone, but
dialog: someone tried to kill me and the guy
dialog: in the middle got killed. So if I
dialog: see that guy again I'm definitely
dialog: going to kill him, but I won't kill
dialog: anyone else. Oh, except for the guy
dialog: I was sent here to kill. I don't
dialog: know...
scene_heading: INT. OATMAN'S OFFICE - INTERCUT
text: Oatman treats his patient.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: What else? Say more.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Saw my mom... I'm with Debi, and I'm
dialog: on my way to the reunion.
text: In the background, Lardner and McCullers drive past the
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: Okay. Repeat this after me.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Out Loud?
text: Martin looks to Debi. She looks up and smiles. We hear Dr.
text: Oatman's command, Martin mumbles them back.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...I am at home with the me. I am
dialog: rooted in me, who is on this
dialog: adventure.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: Take a deep breath and realize, that
dialog: this is me breathing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This is me breating.
text: Martin takes in a few breaths.
speaker_heading: MARITN
dialog: Alright, look. I gotta go.
speaker_heading: DR. OATMAN
dialog: And don't kill anyone.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Right. Don't kill anyone...
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S SUITE - SAME
text: Felix rummages delicately around the room. He goes to the
speaker_heading: NIGHTSTAND
dialog: The reunion invite.
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: picks it up and scans it.
scene_heading: EXT. GROSSE POINT HIGH SCHOOL - DUSK
text: Lardner and McCullers sit it the parking lot. They watch
text: Martin and Debi pull into a space.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
text: He's falling for her. Look at him.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: He using her.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: You're wrong. Look at his face.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: One cannot love and kill.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I love. I kill.
speaker_heading: MARTIN AND DEBI
text: climb out of the car. Martin, breathing deeply and wiping
text: his sweaty palms, leans against the car and tries to calm
text: himself. Eighties music echoes from the gym.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Shoulda brought my gun.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: What?
text: He pulls himself off the car and heads toward
scene_heading: GROSSE POINTE HIGH SCHOOL
text: A sprawling red-brick Gothic structure with many wings. It
text: is topped by church-like towers. It's scary.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - NIGHT
text: Martin and Debi enter and pause to take in the entire scene.
text: A benevolent Ronald Reagan hangs crookedly above. Basketball
text: nets are swung back, draped with crepe. Lights are half-low
text: and the music is loud. Alumni are dancing.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: Welcome back! I'm Arlene Oslott-
dialog: Joseph.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm Martin Blank.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Debi Newberry.
text: Debi heads off into the gym, smiling back as she strands
text: Martin. Arlene rises from a card table. They have little to
dialog: say. Martin wasn't part of her crowd.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: Marty, you haven't changed a bit!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't say that.
text: Arlene gives him a NAMETAG. As a special torture, the tags
text: have YEARBOOK PHOTOS. Martin looks at the name tag
dialog: uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: We had pictures put on, that way
dialog: everybody knows who everybody was!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Wonderful.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: So, what are you doing now?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Whatever I can get away with.
text: She smiles at his joke and is immediately distracted by the
text: next arrival. Martin moves off...
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: (to the next person)
dialog: Isn't it cute. It's so everybody
dialog: knows who everybody was!
text: He circles the crowded gym. Looking for familiar faces. He
text: stops at the open bar.
speaker_heading: BATENDER
dialog: What can I make you?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Beer.
text: The bartender gets him a beer. Martin recognizes a guy at
text: the bar. He is well-appointed and shiny. He is KEN ALDRIDGE.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey, Ken. How have you been?
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: (glancing at Martin's
dialog: name tag)
dialog: Hello Martin. How have you been?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Not bad. You?
text: Bob Destephano arrives next to them and orders a drink. Eye
text: contact is made.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Hello, Bob.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey, Bob.
text: Bob turns slightly toward them. They continue in their
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: I'm an attorney. I'm with Moss, Brice
dialog: &amp; Fromeyer.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That sounds pretty interesting...
text: Bob wants to join the conversation but doesn't know how.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Sometimes. I'm in divorce, mainly.
text: Some property. Some personal injury.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Those all seem kind of related...
text: Bob takes another drink and mopes off, Martin watches him
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tragedy makes you thirsty.
text: Ken chuckles. The bartender arrives with the bottle. Martin
text: grabs it and begins to move off.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Well... I have to take this over to
dialog: Debi.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Here. Take my card. Wait a minute...
dialog: here's a special one. For top-shelf
dialog: clients.
text: Ken hands Martin a Monte Blanc pen with Ken's title and
text: business address printed on the shaft. Martin reads it and
text: puts it in his kerchief pocket.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Thanks.
text: Ken goes back to listening to the Guys at the bar.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: makes his way through the upbeat crowd of well-wishers. TERRY
text: emerges like an inkspot on a clean white whirt, and intercepts
text: Martin. His angst is barely under control as he sidles up to
dialog: Martin.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I don't know, Blank, all these fucking
dialog: people, driving me crazy. Look at
dialog: them over there, memorializing old
dialog: times, acting all like it was
dialog: something "life-changing." And the
dialog: people in the National Honor Society?
dialog: The name tags?
text: Martin shrugs.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: They have special blue starts on
dialog: them like it fucking matters now
dialog: that they were in the honor club ten
dialog: years ago. I'm getting fucking
dialog: nauseous from all this sentimental
dialog: bullshit. It's making me sick.
text: Terry stops suddenly as if he's finished. Martin reads this
text: man's nametag.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Why are you here... Terry?
text: Terry turns on a dime.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I wanted to see a couple people. But
dialog: I don't want to talk about the old
dialog: days... What did we have together,
dialog: Martin? Typing?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Drafting.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Yeah, I couldn't stand that fucking
dialog: class. But I appreciate you helping
dialog: me out, man.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't mention it.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Yeah, thanks. Well I'm going to try
dialog: and get out of here, man. I'll see
dialog: you later.
text: Terry slinks off.
speaker_heading: BAR - SAME
text: Bob Destephano grabs two more scotches off the bar and turns
text: to leave, thoroughly morose. In his path, he finds DAN
text: KORETZKY, the good-looking side of brainy.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Bob. Bob Destephano.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: I'm Dan. Dan Koretzky.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Computer guy.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Yeah... Hey, I saw you at your dad's
dialog: dealership the other day.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I sell BMW's. What do you do?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Not much, actually. My software
dialog: company just went public so I'm
dialog: just... hanging out, really.
text: There's a sudden lull in the conversation. Bob tries his
dialog: drunken hand at relating...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Remember high school?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Sure. Listen. Why don't you join us
dialog: up in the grandstands?
text: Dan points up to a group of happy, laughing people. Bob walks
text: off shaking his head and smiling bitterly.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - LATER
text: Debi and Martin are seated at a round table with six others
text: in an area blocked off for dinner. Plates of gumbo are
text: arriving and the wine is poured. DARIUS, an African-American,
text: is in mid-conversation with AMY, who looks like she walked
text: out of a Laura Ashley catalog and sits on the other side of
text: Martin. DENNIS and MIKE are two suits in the midst of a non-
dialog: stop sports conversation.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: ...You gotta hold the fans
dialog: responsible, though, Dennis, because
dialog: they're the ones putting up with the
dialog: mediocre product.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I guess, though, you know, if you
dialog: look at it Mike, that park is a
dialog: beautiful park, I've gone to that
dialog: park many times - I've had the
dialog: greatest time of my life at that
dialog: ballpark and let's face it, I tell
dialog: you this, Mike, by the sixth inning,
dialog: if you're having the fun you should
dialog: be having at Tigers Stadium, you
dialog: don't even know what the hell's going
dialog: on anyway...
text: They both crack up at this.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DARIUS, MARTIN, &amp; DEBI
speaker_heading: DARIUS
dialog: Have you two been together since
dialog: high school?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: No--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: --Yes. Actually we just bought that
dialog: little Frank Lloyd Wright on Pine
dialog: Avenue... Debi's a social worker and
dialog: I mow down insurance claims at Aetna--
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: We haven't seen each other since
dialog: high school.
speaker_heading: DARIUS
dialog: I figured. You two look too happy
dialog: together. I shouldn't say that though,
dialog: I'm married... So, Martin-- what are
dialog: you up to these days? What do you do
dialog: for a living?
text: Debi perks up; this should be interesting.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm in pro-active international
dialog: relations. It's a very specialized
dialog: company. We execute economic
dialog: investment opportunities. Sort of
dialog: economic clean-up... with an emphasis
dialog: on personnel. It's boring, you know,
dialog: it's boring. I don't like to talk
dialog: about it because I don't think what
dialog: a man does necessarily reflects who
dialog: he is...
text: Martin begins to draw strange looks from all over the table.
dialog: Martin may be in trouble.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...I've always tried to refrain from
dialog: a black-and-white moral lexicon--you
dialog: know, good, bad, right, wrong--I've
dialog: been more interested in the gray
dialog: areas.
text: Silence. Martin pushes on.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: But that's no way to live. I guess
dialog: you've got to just take the leap of
dialog: faith. Believe in something. Fuck
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DARIUS
dialog: Sounds complicated, Martin. Are you
dialog: happy?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I just have to close this one last
dialog: account. I'd like to just stop now,
dialog: today, but I can't... It's a step in
dialog: the right direction.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I don't know, Martin. It sounds like
dialog: you're feeling compromised. Live the
dialog: way you want. The only thing that's
dialog: inexcusable, to me, is cynicism.
dialog: That's the biggest cop-out there is.
text: Nods of assent come from around the table. A brief silence,
dialog: and then...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: But wait. I still don't understand
dialog: what you do.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I work at Kentucky Fried Chicken.
text: Debi suppresses a laugh.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You do not.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yes I do.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You don't...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: In the corporate offices.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Oh... really?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I sell biscuits to the Southland.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You do not.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's what I do.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You're so funny...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I sell biscuits and gravy all over
dialog: the Southland--
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: --Stop it--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You know those horsey biscuit gravy
dialog: packets? I move all of those--
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: --No.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Sometimes we sell them to McDonald's
dialog: and just change them to special
text: barbecue sauce.
text: Across the table from Martin and Debi, Dennis turns to Darius.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: What do you think about black coaching
dialog: in the NFL, Darius? Because I think
dialog: it's great.
speaker_heading: DARIUS
dialog: I don't pay much attention to
dialog: football.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I have to agree with you Dennis.
dialog: It's good to see that the owners are
dialog: willing to put the franchise behind
dialog: a black head coach or QB when for
dialog: years in the league they've been
dialog: kept out of the thinking positions
dialog: and relegated mainly to the physical
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: But now, you see, you have Warren
dialog: Moon at the helm, Cunningham, Art
text: Shell, and the coach up at
dialog: Minnesota...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Dennis Green. And if you remember,
dialog: Doug Williams was the first black
dialog: man to prove that on a Superbowl
dialog: Sunday.
text: Amy leans in to Martin.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: I'm teaching art at Cedar Junior
dialog: High School.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: ...Yeah, listen. Where do you stand
dialog: on this whole Louis Farrakhan
dialog: issue...?
speaker_heading: DARIUS
dialog: (facetious)
dialog: I'm a De Klerk man myself.
text: Debi nods, indicating to the deejay stand.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I'm going over to play some tunes.
text: Martin watches her walk away.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - GRANDSTANDS - LATER
text: Dan Koretzky sits with two other FORMER-SQUARES-turned-
text: handsome-fellas who now enjoy a confidence that comes with
dialog: early investment in Microsoft.
text: Martin looks out over the milieu below, enjoying the seene.
text: He eavesdrops on a group of men from a few rows back.
speaker_heading: GROUP OF MEN
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Look at her. There it is. Jenny
dialog: Slater. The finest thing that ever
dialog: walked these halls.
speaker_heading: FORMER-SQUARE #2
dialog: I believe she married the state of
dialog: Maine.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Yeah, he's around here somewhere.
dialog: What a shame. She would have looked
dialog: great in my fucking Bentley.
scene_heading: FORMER-SQUARE #3
dialog: No, my friends, Jenny Beam. Not only
dialog: was she as fine, if not finer, than
dialog: Slater, but she had the "bad girl"
text: thing going for her. And the red
dialog: hair. C'mon.
speaker_heading: DAN
text: She's a paramedic in Skokie, Illinois.
speaker_heading: FORMER-SQUARE #2
dialog: You both are mistaken. Jenny Maretti
dialog: was the finest. No question about
dialog: it.
scene_heading: FORMER-SQUARE #3
text: The three Jenny's. Three Jenny's.
dialog: All named Jenny...
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: You know what I'm really hoping?
dialog: That Jenny Slater gets divorced. And
dialog: she's twenty-eight--
scene_heading: FORMER-SQUARE #3
dialog: --she's got half the state of Maine--
speaker_heading: DAN
text: She's twenty-eight years old, with
dialog: two kids, she's still really really
dialog: fine, and I see her at a bookstore
dialog: or something, and she sees me for
dialog: what I was then, and what I am now:
text: the redemption for all her failure.
scene_heading: FORMER-SQUARE #3
dialog: You mean the redemption for all your
dialog: failure.
text: They ponder this. Martin looks down on the gym, concentrating
dialog: on Debi.
speaker_heading: BOB DESTEPHANO
text: Dancing drunkenly, miserable, like an unbalanced orangutan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GYM - DEEJAY BOOTH - LATER
text: Martin stands by Debi as she sits in for a set in the deejay
text: booth, on a raised stage. They are playing an old sophomoric
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Which would you rather...?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay... Would you rather... commit
dialog: yourself sexually to a four-by-nine
dialog: cell with former President George
text: Herbert Walker Bush dressed as a
dialog: super-model for a month, or make
dialog: love to a otter on crank for a week?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Soft. I'll take the junkie otter,
dialog: clearly! I'd let the little beast
dialog: scratch and claw all he wants...
dialog: Okay. Would you rather make love to
text: the candied corpse of Phyllis Diller--
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: --She's not dead---
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: It's just a game...! Alright. Candied
dialog: Diller, or... wear a hot pork vest
text: across the desert with a fully
dialog: digested crab apple in your mouth?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Wow. I have to give this some thought.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: No time.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Okay, then. Clearly candied Diller.
text: STACEY breaks the moment, looking up at the two, horrified
text: and unsure at what she's heard.
speaker_heading: STACEY
dialog: Marty! Debi! How are you! So many
dialog: people came, but I never expected to
dialog: see you Marty. Or you Debi... I
dialog: mean... because of what your
dialog: divorce... I didn't mean to say that.
dialog: I just meant you look so good.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: STACEY
dialog: Do you think you could play "Too
dialog: Shy'" by Kaja Goo Goo?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Stacey, why don't you come up here
dialog: and take over for a little while?
speaker_heading: STACEY
dialog: I'd love to.
text: Stacey nods thanks and makes her way up into the booth as
text: Martin and Debi make their way down.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Everybody thinks they know me now
dialog: that I'm divorced.
text: She leads Martin toward the exit.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: It's time to see you in private.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY
text: Martin and Debi walk down the hallway, alone together.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Even though I left, you never left
dialog: me. Not just memory but a substance
dialog: in my blood.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Like heroin?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Too junky-kitschy. Deeper, deeper.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (enjoying this)
dialog: Like love?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Could be. The physical substance of
dialog: love.
text: Debi stops.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I'll accept that. Follow me.
text: Together they move into what appears to be the Nurse's Office,
text: and close the door behind them.
scene_heading: INT. NURSE'S OFFICE
text: Martin and Debi make wild banshee love.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - SAME
text: Lardner and McCullers watch Felix into the gym.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
text: Looks like someone keeps trying to
dialog: do our job for us.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: If he does our job, he's our job.
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: I get it.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - SAME
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: steps through the doorway he's standing in and strolls into
text: the crowded gym. He wears the standard khaki-pants-blue-blazer
text: combo, with no nametag. He's clearly too old for the class
dialog: of 1984.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - LATER
text: Martin and Debi come out of the Nurse's Office. The post-
text: coital mood is broken as they hear The Human League's "Don't
text: You Want Me, Baby?" blasting from the gym. Martin and Debi
text: tune in on the song for a moment, unhappy at remembering
text: that particular moment in pop music history. Debi looks to
dialog: Martin, something must be done about it.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I'll be right back....
text: Debi kisses him. They split up. Martin walks off, the happiest
dialog: we've seen him....
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY
text: Bob and several others from the muscle-to-fat crew play a
text: drunken scrimmage with a papier-mache table ornament footbal
text: that is coming unwound. Bob quarterbacks and begins to recite
text: a long, complicated, and forgotten play. Martin approaches
text: from behind Bob and glides through the ad-hoc line-up,
text: continuing down the hall. Bob yells "hike" as he stares after
text: Martin, distracted. Bob's rushed upon and sacked. He lets
text: the papier-mache ball drop and crack on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - LATER
text: Martin walks down a silent, deserted hall of lockers and
text: classroom doors. The only sounds are his footsteps and the
text: echoed strains of Iggy Pop's "Wild Child" from the distant
text: gym. He stops at locker number 1963 and flips the dial: Right-
text: back left-right again. It opens. He pops up the steel false
text: ceiling in the empty locker, fishes his hand in the opening,
text: and withdraws what he is looking for: an ancient joint. He
text: holds it up and examines the now brown and dried reefer. He
text: grinds it into dust in his hand.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Debi comes out of the gym and starts down the hall, the music
dialog: changed for the better.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SAME
text: Martin senses he is not alone. He turns to find Bob
text: Destephano. The big man holds a glass unsteadily and slurs
text: slightly when he speaks. Bob is looking sad and scary. He
text: leans into Martin
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: So. You and Debi. Gonna hit that
dialog: shit again?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Fine, Bob. How are you?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Never better.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Really?
text: Bob crumbles.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Ahhh... it's all fucked up. Nothing
dialog: adds up to nothing... you work your
dialog: whole life, day in and day out-- try
dialog: to make sense of it all. One day
dialog: you're twenty-seven and what do you
dialog: get to show for it...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You could've been a contender, huh?
text: Bob realizes he can't even express his own tragedy without
dialog: the use of cliches.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Smart boy. Real smart. Let's see how
dialog: smart you are with my foot up your
dialog: ass! I'm gonna kick your ass!
text: Martin steps to Bob.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Why would you want to hit me, Bob?
dialog: Do you really believe that there's
dialog: some stored up conflict that needs
dialog: resolution between us? We don't exist.
dialog: There's nothing between us. So who
dialog: do you want to hit, Bob? It's not
dialog: me.
text: Bob slumps against the lockers, deflated.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What am I gonna do?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What do you want to do?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I want to be an actor.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Then express yourself, Bob.
text: Bob frowns, trying to think of a way to express himself.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (catching him)
dialog: Be honest...
text: Bob backs up and lets out a huge, drunken caveman scream,
text: then stops abruptly, and smiles.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Later, Martin.
text: Bob backpedals down the hallway and out of sight. Martin
text: watches him stumble out of the hallway and bang through the
text: doors of a stairwell, disappearing.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: Bob slams through the doors and begins to stumble down the
text: stairs. He encounters Debi, on her way up. He glances at her
text: but does not break stride. Debi gives him wide berth, and
text: quickens her pace up the stairs...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Martin watches the doors swing to a stop. He exhales and
text: relaxes... AND THEN Spin-pivots on his right heel, as a BURST
text: from a silenced pistol pierces the space where his head was
text: a split-second before/ As he spins around, his right hand
text: withdraws Ken's give-away pen from his kerchief pocket, pops
text: the cap off, and drive the pen up and through the throat of
dialog: his attacker--
speaker_heading: FELIX
text: impaled through the throat on the pen, his head snapped back.
scene_heading: MARTIN AND FELIX
text: are frozen for a moment. Blood runs quickly down the front
text: of Felix's body, off of his shoes, and on to the floor. The
text: stairwell doors band open. Martin's head turns toward the
text: sound. His eyes lock onto
speaker_heading: DEBI
text: who is frozen, horrified for a moment. She flees.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: looks back at
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Dead.
speaker_heading: THE FLOOR
text: A growing pool of blood.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Looks around wildly, holding Felix up against the lockers.
text: Above the lockers is a plastic banner proclaiming
scene_heading: "SPANISH CLUB FIESTA FUN-RAISER SATURDAY JUNE 1"
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: rips it down from the wall with his free hand, wraps it around
text: Felix, stuffs the body into his open locker, and slams it
text: shut. He pulls off his shoes and socks, puts a sock over
text: each hand like mittens, and wipes up the small pool of blood.
text: He stuffs the socks into his pockets, takes off down the
text: hall, and bangs through the doors.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - GRANDSTANDS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Martin blasts through the upstairs doors to the grandstands
text: looking for Debi below. She is nowhere to be found. He scans
text: the party in progress-- It is the same frame of image as the
text: one in Oatman's office. In the middle of the floor, Terry
text: slowly turns up to meet Martin's eyes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: pulls the doors shut, and takes off down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MINUTES LATER
text: Martin opens his locker, withdraws the corpse, and hefts it
text: over his shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - A MINUTE LATER
text: Brick-walled, darkly lit, and narrow. Martin bounds down the
text: steep steps with his load.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT LOCKER ROOM HALLWAY - MINUTE LATER
text: Martin hustles toward a cage door in front of him. He kicks
text: through it and dumps Felix into a canvas laundry cart on
text: casters and begins rolling.
scene_heading: INT. PUMP AND FURNACE ROOM - A MINUTE LATER
text: The door bangs open and light pours into the room from behind
text: Martin. He negotiates the cart over the dirt floor and stops
text: next to the furnace that heats the swimming pool. He pauses
text: and looks to the ceiling: the music from the reunion pulses
text: into the floor above him. Martin picks up a large metal bar
text: and works open the door on the hulking cast-iron furnace. A
text: white-hot blaze roars within.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - NIGHT
text: The party is winding down. A harried-looking Martin walks in
text: and looks around once more for Debi-- nothing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S POV
text: of the Deejay booth. It is empty.
text: He moves over to the bar and joins Ken Aldridge. He motions
text: to the bartender who opens a beer for him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Have you seen Debi Newberry?
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: Nope.
text: They both look around at the last of the reunion.
speaker_heading: KEN
dialog: The more things change, the more
dialog: they Goddamned well stay the same.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I guess.
text: Before Ken can get started again...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Take care of yourself, Ken. Thanks
dialog: for the pen.
text: Martin walks out of the gym.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: Paul is leaning against his Beemer, having a smoke.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What the hell happened to you?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I was catching up with Bob Destephano.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: As long as you had a good time.
text: Beat. Martin scans the lot for sign of Debi.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What now? Chase the girl?
text: There is a beat of silence. Nothing seems worth saying.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It didn't work out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's too bad.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I have to get my head back into my
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Work's good for the soul.
text: Martin gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: When you see Debi, tell her I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: See you in ten years.
text: Paul watches him leave. He almost stops him, but thinks better
dialog: of it.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S SUITE - NIGHT
text: Martin hunches over his briefcase that lays open on the bed.
speaker_heading: MARTIN PULLS
text: THE DOSSIER from the briefcase. It's seal is broken, but the
text: contents remain enclosed... He withdraws the package and
text: dumps the contents on the bed. His face registers muted shock.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Dumb fucking luck...
speaker_heading: THE CONTENTS
text: include various photos of MR. NEWBERRY, Mr. Newberry with
text: Debi, and the house. The photos are mingled with official-
dialog: looking papers including credit reports, medical records,
dialog: etc... Newberry's life.
text: He cocks his head toward the door anticipating a... KNOCK.
text: He freezes, then plucks a gun tapped under a desk, and moves
text: toward the door, pointing. Halfway to the door, his face and
text: body slacken. He lobs the gun onto the bed. With everything
text: gone wrong, there is nothing left to defend. He goes to the
text: door and opens it, body relaxed, expecting a bullet...
text: Debi moves past him into the room. She is completely calm.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: He was trying to kill you, right!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Not the other way around...?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Is it something you've done?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's something I do...
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...Professionally...
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...About five years now.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Get the fuck outta here.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Seriously, when I left, I joined the
dialog: Army and took the service exam. They
dialog: found my psych results fit a certain
dialog: profile. A certain "Moral flexibility"
dialog: would be the best way to describe
dialog: it... I was loaned out to a CIA-
dialog: sponsored program. It's called
dialog: "mechanical operations." We sort of
dialog: found each other...
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: You're a government spook?
text: Martin says nothing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I was, but no... yes... I was before,
dialog: but now I'm not. It's irrelevant,
dialog: really. The idea of governments,
dialog: nations, it's mostly a public
dialog: relations theory at this point,
dialog: anyway. But I'll tell you something,
dialog: until about five months ago, I really
dialog: enjoyed my work.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Jesus Christ!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Then I started losing my taste for
dialog: it. Which usually means your time is
dialog: up. But then I realized it was
dialog: something entirely different... I
dialog: started getting the sneaking, dark
dialog: suspicion that maybe there was...
dialog: meaning to life.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Okay. Great, Martin, that's just
dialog: great. Meaning to life... Mmm....
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Like, that there's a point? An organic
dialog: connection between all living things.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Let me help you along, Martin. You're
dialog: a sociopath!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: A sociopath kills for no reason. I
dialog: kill for money.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: You never could have kept this from
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I was leaving.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: That's probably a good idea.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Will you come with me?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I'm staying here.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What if I come back?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I'll hide.
text: She goes for the door.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't go.
text: She stops at the door. Slowly, she turns.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: You don't get to have me. You are a
dialog: monster, I'm a human being. We're
dialog: not going to mate.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You don't understand...
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: That's because I speak human, and
dialog: you speak monster.
text: Debi bolts out of the room. Martin is left alone.
text: Martin looks over at his gear on the bed. After a beat, he
text: walks slowly over and surveys his tools. He picks up a
text: cleaning rag and begins to go over the weapons, absently
dialog: singing to himself...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: "What's up Doc? What's cookin'? What's
dialog: up Doc, are you lookin'...?
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S SUITE - DAWN
text: Morning light comes through the slit in the curtains, picking
text: up four or five exquisitely clean guns are laid out on the
text: bed, almost geometrically spaced. Martin lifts one at a time,
dialog: checking their bores and actions...
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY SQUIRE - MORNING
text: Lardner and McCullers gear up. They each finish loading the
dialog: last of many clips...
scene_heading: EXT. MICHIGAN HIGHWAY - MORNING
text: Grocer and Company, not in a Ford Passenger Van, veer off
text: onto an exit ramp. Grocer has assembled a team of about nine.
text: They draw different guns from their kit bags and begin
dialog: loading...
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY SQUIRE - SAME
text: Lardner and McCullers jam clips into their service autos and
dialog: knock the slides...
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S SUITE - SAME
text: Martin finished loading his guns, and puts them in his case.
text: He shuts it and moves for the door. On the way out he stops
text: and looks himself in the mirror before exiting.
scene_heading: EXT. THREE DIFFERENT ROADS - INTERCUT
text: Each car whooshes by camera, on its way to the inevitable...
scene_heading: INT. EASTWEST HOLDING COMPANY - INTERCUT
text: Marcella has a cordless tucked between her shoulder and ear,
text: and holds a two-gallon gas can. She moves from room to room
text: pouring gasoline onto the computers, desks, and piles of
text: paper stacked on the floor. She adds a splash to her copy of
dialog: "Women Who Run With the Wolves."
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: I'm bringing down the office now.
text: She picks up her hard drive and smashes it on the floor.
dialog: It's cathartic.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH MARTIN IN THE TOWN CAR -
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'll put things right. Then I'll
dialog: find you.
text: Silence on the line.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: (apprehensive)
dialog: Uh... why?
text: Martin finishes his weapons check, and pulls out the dossier.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't worry. I left you a little
dialog: something under your desk.
text: Martin hangs up.
text: Marcella goes to it and pulls loose from underneath a shrink-
text: wrapped brick of $100 bills, probably a $100,000 or so.
speaker_heading: MARCELLA
dialog: All right!!
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S TOWN CAR
text: Martin makes his way down the road to the Newberry's. In the
text: distance, he sees a lone figure jogging on the shoulder,
text: away from him.
scene_heading: INT. GROCER'S VAN - SAME
text: Grocer and Company are parked off to the side, watching
text: Newberry, in the distance, jog toward them. A SNIPER prepares
text: to blow Newberry's head off.
scene_heading: INT. MARTIN'S TOWN CAR - SAME
text: As he approaches the figure, he recognizes it as Newberry,
text: he accelerates.
scene_heading: INT. GROCER'S VAN - SAME
text: Grocer spots Martin's car speeding at Newberry.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Oh shit...
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SAME
text: Newberry stops jogging and turns to face the Town Car bearing
text: down on him. His face goes slack, expecting to be creamed.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN CAR - SAME
text: Martin roars straight at Newberry, his engine shrieking. As
text: the distance between them turns from yards to feet... Martin
text: swerves hard, just missing Newberry and comes to a halt next
text: to him, blocking the Sniper's line of fire. After a moment,
text: Newberry opens the passenger door.
speaker_heading: NEWBERRY
dialog: What the fuck is the matter with
dialog: you?!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Well, I was hired to kill you. It's
dialog: what I do, and come to think of it,
dialog: I told you that, but... Okay. I'm
dialog: not going to do it. Get in the car.
text: He does. They drive on.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's either because I'm in love with
dialog: your daughter, or because I have a
dialog: new-found respect for life. Or both.
dialog: But I don't know.
scene_heading: INT. GROCER'S VAN - SAME
text: Grocer and company watch in amazement.
speaker_heading: GROCER'S P.O.V.
text: of Martin's car disappearing into Newberry's long and wooded
dialog: driveway.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: That punk is either in love with
dialog: that guy's daughter or he has new
dialog: found respect for life... Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWBERRY HOUSE - SAME
text: Martin pulls up in front and stops. Both men scramble out
text: and head toward the front door at a quick clip. Newberry is
text: shaken; Martin seems at ease, at home in his element.
speaker_heading: NEWBERRY
dialog: Why? I build cars! They're paying
dialog: you to kill me? Why?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It was a cost-cutting effort. They
dialog: can't afford a recall.
speaker_heading: NEWBERRY
dialog: It was a leaky sunroof! A design
dialog: flaw! I reported a leaky sunroof!
dialog: You want to kill me because of that?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's not me! Why does everybody think
dialog: it's personal?!
text: They go through the front door and shut it behind them.
scene_heading: INT. GROCER'S VAN - SAME
text: Grocer drops the van into gear and heads toward the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY SQUIRE - SAME
text: Lardner and McCullers approach the scene. They get within
text: viewing distance in time to see Grocer's Town Car turn into
text: the driveway.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: We'll go in through the woods.
scene_heading: INT. NEWBERRY HOUSE
text: Martin's briefcase is open on the large oak table. The
text: contents of the dossier are spilled out onto the table.
text: Newberry and Debi watch him, dumbstruck, as he draws a huge
text: Desert Eagle automatic and jerks back the slide. He turns to
dialog: Debi.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I was sitting in my house on prom
dialog: night wearing that Goddamned rented
text: tuxedo, a corsage in one hand, a
text: bottle of champagne in the other. So
dialog: I was just sitting there, and then
dialog: the whole night flashed before my
text: eyes, and it struck me like a bullet
dialog: in the head-- I realized, finally,
dialog: and for the first time, that... I
dialog: wanted to kill somebody. So I figured
dialog: because I loved you so much, that'd
dialog: it'd be a good idea if I didn't see
dialog: you anymore. But now I'm different.
text: He turns and points the gun at the front door and FIRES two
text: shots through it, leaving two baseball-size holes in the
dialog: door.
text: Martin bolts out of the room toward the back of the house.
text: Debi and Newberry run as fast as they can away from Martin.
text: Newberry opens the front door, preparing to rush out with
text: Debi. They stop at what they see:
scene_heading: NEWBERRY'S &amp; DEBI'S P.O.V.
text: As ASSASSIN lies on the porch, shot dead through the door by
text: Martin. IN one hand is a gun, in the other is a Fuller Brush
text: kit. Two men, GROCER and an ASSASSIN, clamber out of van,
text: their guns rising up fast toward us.
text: Debi pulls Newberry inside, slams the front door, and locks
text: it. They dive away just before ten rounds hit the door from
dialog: outside.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME
text: Martin rushes toward the back door which is already opening.
text: A barrel comes through and FIRES at Martin. Martin pulls
text: back behind the refrigerator and returns FIRE. An ASSASSIN
text: comes through the door in a crouch and takes cover behind
text: the cooking island. Martin, yelling back to Debi...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm in love with you. I know we can
dialog: make this work!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: rushes toward the island, grabbing an iron skillet off the
text: range, and holds it up like a crossing-guard stop sign. He
text: steps toward the hidden Assassin just as the Assassin rises
text: SHOOTING. The skillet takes two rounds before Martin hammers
text: the Assassin's head with it. Debi and Newberry arrive in the
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - LOW DUTCH
text: Martin bashes the skillet into the Assassin's skull, which
text: is beyond our view. He rises spattered with blood and looks
dialog: at Debi.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I was afraid to commit to a
dialog: relationship, but now I know I'm
dialog: ready to make it happen.
text: Martin drops the skillet and grabs Newberry and Debi gently
dialog: be the wrists.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I just need time to change.
text: He ushers them past the bludgeoned corpse and up the back
text: stairs. He spins and FIRES twice back down the stairs at
text: another ASSASSIN coming up, blowing his arms off.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: He leads them quickly.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's not easy for me. I was raised
dialog: to close off, to control my
dialog: feelings...
text: He takes them into a bedroom, and BLOWS AWAY, an ASSASSIN
text: coming in through the window, emptying his auto. Martin pushes
text: Debi and Newberry into an adjoining bathroom. He backs out
text: through the doorway.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Lock the door.
text: They do. Martin starts away, but stops to get something
dialog: straight.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I wasn't raised in a loving
dialog: environment.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But that's not an excuse. It's a
dialog: reason.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER
text: Martin corners the banister and springs half-way down the
text: stairs, then hears the front door begin to open.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: My soul was empty--
text: Martin jams in another clip, and chambers a round. He sees
text: Grocer beginning to slip in.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: --and it's up to me to fill it.
text: Martin FIRES the twelve-round clip into the door until the
text: slide locks back empty again. Grocer backs out fast. Martin
text: hears a gun REPORT from upstairs and moves back toward it,
text: tossing the spent weapon.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: An ASSASSIN slams his body against the bathroom door while
text: Debi and Newberry scream from within. Martin flies at him.
text: The Assassin wheels on Martin FIRING. Martin pivots out of
text: the line of fire, still moving forward. He takes hold of
text: Assassin's neck and snaps it. Martin drops the corpse.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (through the door)
text: It's okay. It's Martin The door begins
text: to open revealing Debi and Newberry.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I know what I do isn't moral, per
dialog: se, but if you could just look past
dialog: that, you'd see a man worth loving.
speaker_heading: GROCER (O.S.)
dialog: Don't listen to him, he's a
dialog: professional.
text: Martin stops short and cocks his head toward Grocer's muffled
text: voice coming from the vent. Grocer continues...
speaker_heading: GROCER (O.S.)
dialog: You're breaking my heart down here,
dialog: Blank. I can't shoot through the
dialog: tears.
text: Martin, incensed, bends down and takes the gun from the dead
text: man. He runs out of the bedroom, gun poised for a kamikaze
dialog: firefight...
scene_heading: EXT. NEWBERRY HOUSE - SAME
text: Lardner and McCullers are poised outside the front door,
text: about to enter the mix. McCullers peers through the window.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Did you see Blank in there?
speaker_heading: MCCULLERS
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Good. For a second there I thought
dialog: we were in trouble.
scene_heading: INT. NEWBERRY FOYER - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: reaches the top of the front stairs to find Grocer heading
text: up the stairs at him. They lift their guns at each other to
dialog: FIRE, when they hear...
scene_heading: LARDNER AND MCCULLERS
text: power through the front door, guns BLAZING at floor-level,
dialog: ala Butch and Sundance.
text: Martin and Grocer, above, spin on them instinctively, and
text: FIRE, killing them. Grocer dives off of the stairs and rolls
text: out of view.
scene_heading: KITCHEN - INTERCUT
speaker_heading: GROCER
text: heads up the back stairs.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: works his way toward Grocer, moving with stealth toward the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: GROCER
text: hears him and starts back down.
text: Martin dives behind the cooking island just as Grocer comes
text: out of the stairwell blasting. They unload at each other as
text: Grocer runs a pattern across the kitchen, FIRING at Martin,
text: crouched, who BLASTS back. Grocer vaults himself through the
text: air toward a serving window from the kitchen to the dining
text: room, still firing.
scene_heading: C.U. - MARTIN'S GUN - SLOW MOTION
text: The last casing floats out of the chamber into the air, and
text: the slide on the auto locks back-- empty.
speaker_heading: NORMAL SPEED
speaker_heading: GROCER
text: Flying through the air disappearing through the shuttered
text: serving window, his flight carrying him past a television
text: that sits on a lazy susan.
scene_heading: MARTIN AND GROCER - INTERCUT
text: Martin and Grocer sit on the floor, backs up against opposite
text: side of the counter-- Martin in the kitchen and Grocer in
text: the dining room. The hulking old television sits on the
text: counter above and between them.
text: Martin looks up and spies the TELEVISION
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: ...How about I sell you two rounds
dialog: for a hundred grand a piece?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay.
text: Martin takes out a checkbook, and tears one free. He wads it
text: into a loose ball and tosses it over the counter.
speaker_heading: BALLED CHECK
text: sails over the television and comes down, bouncing off
text: Grocer's head and into his lap.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: There you go. I left it blank.
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Excellent. Here they come.
text: Grocer pulls two rounds from the clip of his semi-automatic
text: and pushes the clip back into the gun. Grocer arcs the TWO
text: BULLETS into the air.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: rises and springs at the television, gripping it. The TWO
text: BULLETS sail past his head.
speaker_heading: GROCER
text: begins to rise from his side of the counter, cocking his
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: puts all his weight and motion behind the television. Martin
text: and the television careen off of the counter toward Grocer.
speaker_heading: GROCER
text: gets off one round before
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: flies onto Grocer, smashing the seventy-five pound television
text: over his Goddamn head. Martin sails past the collision,
text: landing on his back in the dining room. He rolls over to see
speaker_heading: GROCER
text: Body crumpled, neck is snapped, head encased in the shattered
text: picture tube. He is dead.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: runs up the front stairs, retrieving the spent gun he
text: discarded earlier, and heads into the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: Martin opens the bathroom door. Inside, Debi sits on the
text: edge of the tub, her face in her hands. Newberry kneels with
text: his arms around her. Martin takes this in, and walks back
text: into the bedroom. Newberry stands and follows him out.
scene_heading: MARTIN AND NEWBERRY
text: MARTIN a bloody, tattered mess, wipes off the gun and puts
text: it into Newberry's hand. Newberry, in total shock, grips it.
text: Martin looks past Newberry.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S P.O.V.
text: Of Debi, head in hands.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (V.O.)
dialog: Debi... will you marry me?
text: Debi doesn't look up. After a moment, she reaches out, head
text: still down, and closes the bathroom door...
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION - DAY
text: Outside is a Michigan autumn. Debi sits at her console,
text: bringing in the mike as she fades out of a tune...
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: This is WRFN Radio Free Newberry
dialog: cause that's what it does. Bringing
dialog: you New Ones for the Nineties, a
dialog: fresh new format designed to pull
dialog: you out of what's come before, and
dialog: reel you into what's coming soon--
scene_heading: THE PHONE CONSOLE
text: lights up with an incoming cal...
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I tell you what's coming soon for
dialog: me, or at least what I dreamed this
dialog: morning in that weird time just before
dialog: you actually wake up. But first this
dialog: commercial. Back after this...
text: She pushes a couple of buttons, slaps a cartridge in a player,
text: and answers the phone. We hear the commercial over the studio
dialog: monitor:
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Don't miss the show of the season at
dialog: Bilkin Community Center! "Brigadoon!"
dialog: A musical for all ages! "Brigadoon,"
dialog: starring Carol Plummer, Thomas
text: Canchola, Bob Destephano, and Lee
dialog: Ordman!...
text: Debi picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: RFN...
text: Her face goes slack as she listens... not good, not bad...
text: Then she hangs up slowly. The commercial ends. A moment of
text: dead air, then she snaps to.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Hey out there... Okay... I'm going
dialog: to finish up that fantasy later.
dialog: First I'll give you an hour of nonstop
dialog: music... If I don't come back on
dialog: after that-- well, nevermind.
text: Debi turns on a reel-to-reel, and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK LLOYD WRIGHT HOUSE - DAY
text: Debi pulls up and gets out. She begins toward the door but
text: stops dead when she sees
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: sitting on the front steps.
text: Debi moves slowly up the walk and sits next to him on the
text: porch. They sit, gazing out over the grass and trees beyond.
dialog: After a while...
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: This will never work out.
text: She turns to him, serious.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: You kill people.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I have no illusions about the future.
dialog: What is, is. We make choices. And we
dialog: become the sum total of our choices.
dialog: I can live with that.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Other people can't.
text: Martin looks at her earnestly... And smiles ever so slightly.
text: She does the same, and then just a little wider. He the same.
text: They turn back out to face the lawn, and they share a laugh...
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
