speaker_heading: HACKSAW RIDGE
dialog: By
scene_heading: ROBERT SCHENKKAN
dialog: Revisions by Randall Wallace
dialog: March 12, 2013
speaker_heading: WALDEN MEDIA
speaker_heading: 1888 Century Park E # 1400
dialog: Los Angeles, CA 90067
dialog: (310) 887-1000
scene_heading: OUT OF BLACK, WE SUPERIMPOSE:
dialog: The following story is true.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: IN THE DARKNESS
text: The SOUND of distant EXPLOSIONS: mortars, howitzers, “Long
text: Tom” artillery, 16” Naval shells, rockets, and bombs. The
text: sound grows louder. Nearer. Hungrier.
dialog: Over black, we superimpose:
dialog: Okinawa. May 2, 1945
scene_heading: OPENING MONTAGE:
text: We INTERCUT as necessary quickly between shots, the fury and
text: confusion of true war playing out in front of us, all froma
text: single soldier's POV. The sounds of war crash us between
text: flashes of consciousness.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE, OKINAWA - WOUNDED SOLDIER’S POV
text: --BOOM!!! We’re lying on the ground. Under grey, weeping
text: skies, a jagged, ancient coral outcropping abruptly rises
text: above us and dominates the countryside.
text: --Looking around the landscape a blasted, hellish mix of
text: craters, shell-pocked boulders, and mud. Everything has a
text: scorched and blackened appearance from two weeks of
text: continuous, unrelenting bombardment.
scene_heading: --A small group of AMERICAN SOLDIERS (307th Infantry, 77th
text: Army Division, lst Battalion, Company B) are fighting with
text: dogged determination several feet away.
dialog: --A few men run up to our POV
text: --Looking down at our leg, a mess of blood, muscle, and
text: exposed bone.
text: --Looking at our side and rips, covered in blood.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: KEEP PRESSURE ON THAT WOUND!
text: The soldiers tear out bandages from a half-burned Medic Kit
dialog: and stuff them against the bleeding.
dialog: 3.4.13 2.
text: A MORTAR ROUND lands nearby, showering them all with dirt and
text: debris. We black out.
text: --Looking up at two men carrying our body...
text: --Heading down a ladder
text: --We’re loaded onto a stretcher and shoved into an ambulance.
text: As the doors close, we briefly catch a glimpse of one of the
text: medics shaking his head at the captain.
text: The MONTAGE ENDS as we’re given a shot of morphine.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE RIDGE MOUNTAINS, VA - SPRING, 1927
text: In contrast, these mountains lush and green, thick with old
dialog: growth timber and flowering shrubs. Titles:
scene_heading: EIGHTEEN YEARS EARLIER...
dialog: Lynchburg, Virginia
scene_heading: EXT. LYNCHBURG, VA - SAME
text: Norman Rockwell come to life. Small wooden houses on the
text: rolling hills of the Virginia Piedmont, more country than
text: city. Two boys are rolling a coaster wagon through their
text: yard. DESMOND, the younger, 8 years old, pushes; his brother
text: MARK, 10, holds the wagon tongue and steers.
text: The wagon contains a collection of rusty junk metal. The
text: wagon is heavy and the boys small, but they’re tough and
text: determined. They’re like Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn.
dialog: (NOTE: The real Desmond Doss, throughout his life, spoke
text: with the distinct accent of the Virginia’s Blue Ridge
text: Mountains, a lilting and beautiful usage that persists in
dialog: some places to this day. We make no attempt to render that
text: accent in these pages, but the presence of it in his speech
dialog: brought even more distinction and majesty to his real
dialog: character.)
text: Sitting on the front porch of their house is their father,
text: TOM DOSS. Tom is a big man, sullen man, broken in his soul.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What you boys doin’?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: We're making money!
dialog: 3.4.13 3.
speaker_heading: MARK
text: At the filling station they’re
dialog: buying scrap metal! Any old junk
dialog: we haul in, they’1l give us cash
dialog: money!
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: We got lotsa junk in the back yard!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You know why they want it?
dialog: The boys hadn’t even considered that.
speaker_heading: TOM (cont'd)
dialog: They sell it overseas. The Japs
dialog: and Germans make weapons out of it.
text: Tom rubs his neck, where there’s a nasty scar from World War
text: I. More than his neck is scarred--but his boys are
dialog: innocents.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Can we take it?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Do what you want. But when those
text: plow tips and lug nuts go whistling
dialog: by your ears, you'll say your daddy
dialog: was right.
text: The boys head around behind the house, Mark whispering to
dialog: Desmond--
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Come on--he ain’t never right about
dialog: nothin’.
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND THE DOSS GARAGE - DAY
text: The boys are digging through a trove of cast off parts from
text: old farm equipment. Then young Desmond spots a coin, and
text: lifts it, spitting on it to clean it. It’s a dime.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Look! I found a dime!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: (jealous)
dialog: That’s mine.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: It ain’t yours.
dialog: 3.4.13 4.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I lost it, give it here.
text: He reaches for it--but Desmond snatches his hand away...and
text: suddenly the fight’s on. They’re real scrappers, rolling
text: around on the ground, punching, kicking, scratching. This
text: isn’t their first fight with each other.
text: Mark finally pins Desmond.
speaker_heading: MARK DOSS
dialog: Say Uncle! SAY UNCLE!
speaker_heading: YOUNG DESMOND
dialog: No!
text: Desmond may be younger and smaller but he’s every bit his
text: brother’s equal in grit and determination. He elbows Mark in
text: the face and shoves him off. In a blind fury, Desmond grabs
text: a good size rock and lifts it over his head with both hands,
text: no thought for what he’s about to do but...
text: ...A LARGE HAND reaches into frame, grabs Desmond by his
text: scrawny wrist, and yanks him off his brother.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS (0.C.)
dialog: WHAT THE HELL YOU THINK YOU'RE
dialog: DOING, DESMOND!?!?
text: Tom stands over them, holding a kicking, struggling Desmond
text: up in the air like a bug. Tom folds Desmond over one arm and
text: begins walloping him on the ass with the other - big, hard
text: strokes which echo like gunshots.
speaker_heading: BERTHA (0.C.)
dialog: Jack! That’s enough of that!
text: BERTHA, Desmond’s mother, stands behind them. She’s a small
text: woman but fierce in her own way. Tom looks at her with
text: defiance but he lets Desmond go, and the boy falls to the
text: ground like a sack of potatoes.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS
text: He was beating on his brother.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
text: Beating on him doesn’t teach him
dialog: any different.
text: Tom waves his hand in half-hearted acquiescence.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS
dialog: You're gonna spoil him is all.
dialog: 3.4.13 5.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, DOSS HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
scene_heading: CLOSE ON AN ILLUSTRATION OF THE TEN COMMANDMENTS
text: The Doss house doesn’t contain much art work, and this
dialog: wouldn't qualify as art to most people; it’s more like a
text: cartoon, illustrating each of the ten commandments.
text: Desmond’s eyes drift over the illustrations; but then they
dialog: settle on one that has particular relevance: THOU SHALT NOT
text: KILL, depicted by Cain holding a bloody club, standing over
text: the prostrate body of his dead brother, Abel. There is a
text: look of utter horror on Cain’s face.
speaker_heading: BERTHA DOSS (0.C.)
dialog: Murder is the worst sin of all.
dialog: We’re all brothers and to take
dialog: another man’s life is the most
dialog: grievous thing there is in the
dialog: Lord's sight. Nothing hurts His
dialog: heart so much.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, DOSS HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Bertha kneels on an old worn sofa with Desmond and Mark
text: standing beside her. They are both looking at a framed
text: illustration of the Ten Commandments hanging on the wall.
text: Bertha turns and pulls Desmond down into her lap but his red-
text: rimmed eyes never leave the print.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Why did Cain kill Abel?
speaker_heading: BERTHA DOSS
dialog: Oh, he was mad, I suppose. Or he
dialog: wanted what his brother had. It
dialog: doesn’t matter why - it’s always
dialog: wrong.
text: Mark is silent, but Desmond is transfixed, unable to stop
text: staring at that gruesome primal scene of the first murder.
scene_heading: EXT. DOSS HOUSE - FRONT PORCH - EVENING
text: The sun’s going down, and Tom Doss is sitting on his front
text: porch, bored and sullen. He reaches to the firewood box
text: beside his chair, and from behind it he draws a Masan jar
text: half full of clear liquid--moonshine. He takes a sip.
text: From inside he hears Mark's voice.
dialog: 3.4.13 6.
speaker_heading: MARK DOSS
dialog: Daddy?! Can we get down now?!
text: He tucks the jar away quickly and wipes his mouth.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS
dialog: Ask your Mama, she’s the one didn’t
dialog: want to whip you!
scene_heading: INT. DOSS LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Mark hops off the chair, leaving Desmond still in the
text: position where their mother left them. Mark heads into the
dialog: kitchen...
scene_heading: INT. DOSS HOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Mrs. Doss is cooking dinner as Mark comes in, wearing an
text: expression of exaggerated pennance.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Mama, can we stop staring at the
dialog: Commendments?
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: Commandments. Are you sorry?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Yes’m.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: Tell Desmond.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: (without moving)
scene_heading: SORRY, DESMOND!
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: Okay, you can go.
text: Bertha stands for a moment wondering why she hasn’t heard a
dialog: response from Desmond.
speaker_heading: BERTHA (cont'd)
dialog: Desmond?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Des?
text: She moves into the living room, and finds her youngest son
text: now standing, staring straight at the picture.
dialog: 3.4.13 7.
speaker_heading: BERTHA (cont'd)
dialog: Desmond?...
text: FROM THE POV OF THE PICTURE, we see Desmond’s stare, his
text: entire soul fixed on it.
text: He’s staring at CAIN, A LOOK OF HORROR ON HIS FACE at what
dialog: he’s done.
text: There are tears in Desmond’s eyes.
text: And BERTHA realizes with a certainty what she has always
dialog: suspected: Desmond feels things in a unique way.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS, VA, SEPTEMBER, 1941 - DAY
dialog: Title: Fourteen years later.
dialog: Lynchburg has always been a railroad town; tracks cut through
text: the gorges and span ridges.
text: Twenty-five year old Desmond now walks alongside the tracks.
text: He’s grown into a thin but wiry man with a pleasant but
text: crooked smile.
text: His senses are keen; he hears the chirp of a bird and his
text: blue eyes catch sight of a bright red Cardinal high in a
text: hickory tree. He’s a true country boy, at one with nature.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - LATER
text: Desmond waits his turn. Fascinated by all things medical, he
text: can’t help but poke around in the shelves and cabinets. The
text: door behind him opens and Desmond whirls around, embarrassed
text: to be caught snooping.
text: He’s even more embarrassed as sees his attendant is an
text: attractive nurse, DOROTHY SHUTTE, early 20's.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Anything in particular you're
dialog: looking for?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, ma‘am. I’m just kind of
dialog: interested in medicine.
text: He stammers slightly, with nerves.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
dialog: I used dream about being a doctor.
dialog: But I didn’t get much school.
dialog: 3.4.13 8.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You ever given blood before, Mr...?
text: Dorothy consults her clipboard.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Doss. But my friends call me
dialog: Desmond. No, ma’am, this would be
dialog: my first time. When they made the
dialog: announcement in church about a big
dialog: car wreck and folks needing blood
dialog: SO...
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Just lie back here.
text: Desmond has no idea what to do--it’s his first time on a
text: hospital table. Dorothy is patient and kind, sensing his
dialog: country boy innocence.
text: Desmond watches EVERY DETAIL as she rolls back his sleeve,
text: dips a cotton ball in alcohol and wipes the crook of his
text: elbow with it. For Desmond, it’s almost romantic.
text: Then she wraps and elastic tourniquet around his bicep, and
text: slips an IV needle into his vein.
text: She notices that it makes him a little pale and queasy; she
text: smiles gently.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY (cont'd)
dialog: You might be a little dizzy when
dialog: we're done. Is somebody picking
dialog: you up?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, ma’am, I walked from home.
text: Dorothy watches the RED BLOOD, FILLING THE COLLECTION BAG.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Where do you live?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Fort Hill.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: That’s a ways.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Just five or six miles. But I cut
dialog: through the woods. It’s seven that
dialog: way!
dialog: 3.4.13 9.
text: He laughs. She laughs too.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You must like the woods.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I always feel lost everywhere else.
dialog: But there I can find my way.
text: Dorothy takes this in; Desmond seems so simple, so boyish--
text: even backward. But something about him is deep, and poetic.
text: And unique. It brings out the sweetness in her.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Well I have to tell you, Mr. Doss.
dialog: For somebody to walk ten or twelve
dialog: miles, to give blood to
dialog: strangers... I wish everybody was
dialog: like you.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Thank you, ‘mam.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You don’t have to call me ‘mam.
dialog: It’s Dorothy.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Dorothy. Yes ‘Mam!
text: She smiles; is he flirting? She gets up.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You’1l be done in a minute. We
dialog: have cookies and Kool-Aid. Help
dialog: restore your blood sugar.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Giving blood’s got all sorts of
dialog: benefits.
scene_heading: INT. DOSS HOUSE - THAT EVENING
text: Desmond enters, more exhilarated than tired despite his long
text: walk and the loss of blood but his face falls when he sees
text: his father sitting, slumped, in his rocker. He’s been
text: drinking and has fallen asleep clutching a pint of whiskey.
text: Not an unfamiliar sight. Desmond considers him a moment and
text: then gently tries to extract the bottle from his grasp. Tom’s
text: eyes blink open.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS
dialog: Excuse you?!
dialog: 3.4.13 10.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: You need some help getting
dialog: upstairs, sir?
text: Tom pushes Desmond away and rises unsteadily, still clutching
dialog: his bottle.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS
dialog: Not from you.
text: Bertha appears in the kitchen doorway, nervously holding a
dialog: dish towel.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: You hungry, Tom?
text: Tom just glares at her and makes his way slowly toward the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. DOSS HOUSE - KITCHEN - LATER
text: Desmond and Bertha sit, eating a cold supper. She hasn’t
text: touched hers. Desmond silently reaches over and holds her
dialog: hand.
text: Desmond’s brother Mark strolls in the back door. He kisses
text: his mother and nudges Desmond's shoulder, sitting at the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: BERTHA (cont'd)
dialog: I was wondering if you were gonna
dialog: make it to dinner.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I went by to see the recruiters.
text: Bertha involuntarily glances upstairs, afraid her husband
dialog: might hear.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: Your daddy won’t like that.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Daddy ain’t payin’ my bills. If
dialog: there’s a war they’1l need men--and
dialog: the paper mill doesn’t need any.
text: Mark digs in and starts eating. Bertha is distressed at the
text: news; Desmond changes the subject.
dialog: 3.4.13 11.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Met somebody today, a nurse over at
dialog: the hospital. Her name’s Dorothy
dialog: Shutte and I’m gonna marry her.
text: Bertha blinks in surprise.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: Goodness. Does she know?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I haven't gotten around to telling
dialog: her just yet.
text: Mark grins, and punches Desmond again. Desmond smiles...then
text: punches him back. The brothers laugh.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NEXT DAY
text: Dorothy is working at her station when she looks up to see
text: Desmond standing there.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Desmond?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Hi, Dorothy. How'd the blood drive
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: The church announcements worked
dialog: really well! We got more than
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Well, that’s good. Cause I need my
dialog: blood back.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You what?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: My blood. I need it back.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: But...we can’t just give it back to
dialog: you.
dialog: 3.4.13 12.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Well you got to, because ever since
dialog: you stuck me with that needle, my
dialog: heart’s been beating fast, and
dialog: every time I think about you, it
text: beats faster still.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Is that a pick up line?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Is it working?
scene_heading: INT. LYNCHBURG MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT
text: A movie plays on the screen as Desmond and Dorothy make their
text: way to their seats, obviously late. As they sit, Dorothy
text: starts to watch the movie. Desmond can’t help but admire her
text: beauty. He sits awkwardly, trying to find a way to connect
dialog: with her.
text: He tries to stretch and put his arm around her, but when she
text: looks at him he fumbles a bit to try and recover. She simply
text: smiles and takes a sip of her cola. Desmond sits in silence
text: again and then tries to have his hand brush up against hers.
text: As he does this, Dorothy preempts him and holds his hand.
text: For that moment, neither of them are watching the movie.
text: Instead they are both looking into each other's eyes.
text: Desmond slowly leans in and they share their first kiss.
text: Our music rises into a MONTAGE of Desmond and Dorothy’s
dialog: growing love:
scene_heading: EXT. PEAKS OF OTTER - DAY
text: Desmond and Dorothy hike through the park and look out across
dialog: the landscape.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY
text: Desmond gets onto an old rope swing just after Dorothy gets
text: off. As Dorothy begins swinging him; she sees Desmond notice
text: a pretty girl walking past. Frustrated, she tugs the rope
text: sideways and Desmond swings into the tree...
text: Dorothy stalks away after Desmond’s crash, but he gets up and
text: catches her and explains something we don't hear but
text: understand. Dorothy softens and smiles...
dialog: 3.4.13 13.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - NIGHT
text: Desmond and Dorothy chat furiously across the table, barely
text: having time to take bites of their food. Something Desmond
text: says cracks Dorothy up.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Dorothy opens her locker to find an orange and a note from
text: Desmond. Her look of confusion on finding the orange turns
text: to a smile as she reads the note.
scene_heading: EXT. LYNCHBURG FOREST - DAY
text: The leaves are falling from the tress as Desmond and Dorothy
text: walk through the woods, talking. The MONTAGE ENDS as Dorothy
text: puts her head on Desmond’s shoulder.
scene_heading: EXT. NATURAL BRIDGE, VA - WEEKS LATER - AFTERNOON
text: A glorious late Fall day with just a bit of color lingering
text: on the trees. Desmond and Dorothy are walking with other
text: tourists, gazing up at Natural Bridge.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: They say George Washington threw a
text: silver dollar over it.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Seems like a waste of a dollar to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I doubt anybody's throwing money at
dialog: it these days!
dialog: (more seriously)
dialog: The plant foreman told me the other
dialog: day that I’m doing such a good job,
dialog: they might raise me up a notch.
dialog: Salary too. Hope that doesn’t sound
dialog: too much like bragging.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: So, you’re gonna be a man of means,
dialog: Mr. Doss?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I’m a man who means to be one.
text: She looks at him, realizing he’s planning a future, one
text: that’s built around her. Slowly, happily, they kiss.
dialog: 3.4.13 14.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. COUNTRY ROAD / DESMOND’S CAR - AFTERNOON
text: Desmond and Dorothy drive back to town - they are both aglow
dialog: with their love.
text: As they pull into town, Dorothy notices several cars pulled
text: over to the side of the road and people crowded around the
text: doorway to a coffee shop.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Desmond...
text: She doesn’t even need to finish her thought; Desmond has
text: already started to pull over.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. LYNCHBURG DOWNTOWN COFFEE SHOP - CONTINUOUS
text: Desmond and Dorothy join the crowd that has gathered at the
text: coffee shop, just within earshot of the door. Everyone looks
text: nervously at the radio inside, listening to President
dialog: Roosevelt.
scene_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT (ON RADIO)
dialog: ...the United States of America was
dialog: suddenly and deliberately attacked
dialog: by the naval and air forces of the
dialog: Empire of Japan!
text: Roosevelt's speech continues as we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ARMED FORCES RECRUITING STATION - DAY
text: A long line of men are already waiting their turn to sign up.
text: We move through the line of faces, some older, some younger,
text: everyone wanting to do their part as Roosevelt’s speech plays
text: over. Men continue to join the line, some obviously have
text: come from work, both in suits and in uniforms.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT (V.O.)
dialog: ...-As commander in chief of the
dialog: Army and Navy, I have directed that
dialog: all measures be taken for our
dialog: defense. But always will our whole
dialog: nation remember the character of
dialog: the onslaught against us.
dialog: No matter how long it may take us
dialog: to overcome this premeditated
dialog: invasion, the American people in
dialog: their righteous might will win
dialog: through to absolute victory.
scene_heading: CEMETERY SEQUENCE...
dialog: 3.4.13 15.
text: We see various CLOSE SHOTS OF GRAVESTONES, from a low angle,
text: jabbing up into the sky...
text: We PAN ACROSS them, a whole forest of stones, like a whole
text: army of soldiers who have become stone slabs as they died in
dialog: battle. We are...
scene_heading: EXT. LYNCHBURG CITY GRAVEYARD - DAY
text: The cemetery is in the very heart of the town, on a hill top,
text: surrounded by brick walls. And Desmond Doss’s father, Tom,
text: is standing among the grave stones.
text: It’s an old and seemingly haunted place where few people
text: visit; for awhile he seems all alone, until he hears--
speaker_heading: DESMOND (0.S.)
dialog: Daddy?...
text: Tom turns around and stands silently as Desmond approaches.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
dialog: Mama told me you wanted to see me.
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Here. Yeah.
text: He walks away slowly and Desmond follows, completely in the
text: dark about why his father has made such a strange demand.
text: They reach a section of low stones, their perfect lines now
text: twisted by tree roots and time, their once-smooth surfaces
text: pitted by weather and pocked by moss.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Confederates.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Soldiers. Boys from World War One
dialog: are over yonder. Even got some
dialog: from the Revolutionary War on the
text: hill someplace.
text: Desmond's eyes lift toward his father, starting to understand
dialog: why his father wanted him to come here.
speaker_heading: TOM (cont'd)
dialog: Look at ‘em. All of ‘em soldiers.
dialog: All of ‘em boys. And all of ‘em
dialog: dead.
dialog: 3.4.13 16.
text: Tom sounds angry, and bitter, as he always has to Desmond;
text: but for the first time in his life Desmond hears an emotion
text: in his father’s voice too.
speaker_heading: TOM (cont'd)
dialog: I don’t want my boys here. I don’t
dialog: want you here.
text: Desmond’s eyes meet Tom’s; there are tears in Tom’s eyes.
text: Desmond is transfixed.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
text: Mark’s already joined up. The
dialog: Marine Corps--
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I KNOW THAT!
dialog: (trying to regain control)
dialog: I know that...
text: Tom coughs--a wet, smoker’s cough that makes Desmond want to
text: go try to comfort him, but from force of habit he holds back.
text: Tom sags, supporting himself against one of the gravestones.
speaker_heading: TOM (cont'd)
dialog: I don’t want you in this graveyard.
dialog: I don’t want you to go to war.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Daddy...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I know they’re drafting! But I
dialog: still got a friend or two! One of
dialog: ‘em works at the Foundry, making
dialog: steel they use for ships and tanks
dialog: and such as that. They call it an
dialog: “essential defense industry,” and
dialog: they’1l leave you alone if you work
dialog: there. I can get you on. They--
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Daddy. I already signed up.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I talked to them at the draft board
dialog: today.
text: Desmond watches his father. He approaches him tenderly.
dialog: 3.4.13 17.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
dialog: Daddy, I--
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Get your hand off me! YOU ARE
dialog: STUPID! DAMN YOU!! First time in
dialog: your life I give you the chance to
dialog: do something smart, and you do
dialog: this?!
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Everybody else is--
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You ain’t everybody else!
text: Everybody else jumps in and does
dialog: things quick, without thinking!
dialog: And soldiers who live, they live
dialog: because they can do that! You
dialog: can’t! You gotta sit and think and
dialog: pray about everything!
text: Desmond stands there trying to find words, trying to find
text: solid ground in this sudden sea of emotion.
speaker_heading: TOM (cont'd)
dialog: You're doing it right now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're a terrible son. I hope they
dialog: kill ya.
text: Tom staggers off, through the old headstones of the dead
dialog: soldiers.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, DOSS HOUSE - DAY
text: Bertha sits crying, alone in the living room. She’s holding
text: something in her hands: pictures of her sons, Mark and
text: Desmond. Her tears fall on the glass of the frames.
text: Through the front windows she sees the back of her husband as
text: he sits on the porch, sullen, drinking.
text: She’s all alone.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION PLATFORM, LYNCHBURG - DAY
text: The platform is crowded with young men - recruits - being
text: sent off by family, friends, wives, and girlfriends. Desmond
text: and Dorothy are embracing. The waiting train sounds a shrill
dialog: whistle - time to get aboard.
dialog: 3.4.13 18.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Are you sure...this is right? It’s
dialog: what you’re really meant to do?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I’m just sure I can’t sit back and
dialog: do nothing.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: (trying not to cry)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I am sure of something, though. I
dialog: don’t really have the right to be
dialog: asking you, and we haven’t known
dialog: each other for very long, but I
dialog: can’t imagine...
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: You don’t know what I’m about to
dialog: ask.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Yes, I do, and the answer is, yes.
dialog: I do.
text: They kiss. Dot pulls out a small pocket NEW TESTAMENT and
text: hands it to Desmond.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY (cont'd)
dialog: You keep this with you, all the
dialog: time. Promise?
text: Desmond nods and tucks it away carefully in his shirt pocket.
text: The train blows a second, final whistle and starts to slowly
text: pull out.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Soon as you get leave. Let me
dialog: know.
text: Desmond jumps onto the steps of the moving train. Dorothy
text: walks alongside, reluctant to let go of his hand.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I love you!
dialog: 3.4.13 19.
text: The train is picking up speed. Dorothy has to let go.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING TRAIN - DAY
text: Desmond sits with the other young men as the train moves
text: slowly along the rails, past the hickory and oak trees that
text: line the tracks. They rumble over a trestle, and Desmond
dialog: realizes--
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: We're going by my house!
text: A thought strikes him; he looks around at the other young
dialog: guys.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
dialog: Anybody got some paper? Anything?
dialog: Anything I could write on?
speaker_heading: RECRUIT
dialog: I got some writing paper.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Can you loan me a sheet, I’1l pay
dialog: you back!
text: The guy gives Desmond a cheap tablet; Desmond tears off a
text: sheet and hurriedly pulls a pencil from his pocket to write.
text: He’s rushing--but he takes the time to write, with feeling--
scene_heading: CLOSE, THE PAPER:
dialog: “DADDY...I LOVE YOU. DESMOND”
text: CLOSE: THE STEPS OF THE TRAIN CAR AS IT RUMBLES ALONG
text: Desmond opens the door, braces his foot on the step, and
text: reaches down to the track bed; he deftly scoops up a large
text: rock, and wraps the paper around it.
scene_heading: EXT. LYNCHBURG RAILROAD TRACKS - IVY CREEK TRESTLE - DAY
text: The train chugs slowly over the trestle; Desmond, leaning out
text: from the train car, sees his house far below. With all his
text: might he throws the rock. It arcs through the air...
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: DADDY!...
text: But the train’s WHISTLE drowns out his scream...
dialog: 3.4.13 20.
text: And the rock falls to the ground, just shy of the Doss’s
text: yard. Unseen.
text: Desmond sees that his message didn’t make it. He sees his
text: father sitting sullenly on the front porch, a disappearing
text: speck in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. ARMY BUS, DAYS LATER - MORNING
text: Desmond sits in an old green Army bus jammed with young
text: recruits, full of nervous energy and excitement. He runs his
text: fingers over the pocket New Testament Dot gave him as the bus
text: enters the gates of...
scene_heading: EXT. FT. JACKSON, S. CAROLINA, U.S. ARMY HQ 307TH INFANTRY
text: A sign boasts: Proud Home of the “Statue of Liberty”
dialog: Brigade!
text: Groups of sweaty soldiers run past, harassed by their
text: perpetually dissatisfied Drill Instructors. Desmond’s bus
text: stops and the recruits file out. Immediately, SGT. HOWELL, a
text: no-nonsense NCO from Alabama, is screaming at them.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: WHAT’RE YOU DOIN’ STANDIN’ THERE?!
dialog: GET THE LEAD OUT! MOVE IT MOVE IT
dialog: MOVE IT!
scene_heading: INT. INDUCTION CENTER - DAY
text: Desmond and the new recruits are pushed and herded quickly
text: through a series of stations where they are thrown uniforms,
text: duffel bags, boots, kits. Throughout, Howell is continuously
text: yelling and berating the recruits.
text: Desmond is both excited and anxious - he’s never been away
dialog: from home before and never been around such a group.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B BARRACKS - DAY
text: Desmond enters his new housing. The barracks are stifling,
text: even with all the windows open. There are a dozen other
dialog: RECRUITS here, all men older then you might expect - the
text: average age is close to 32. Most of Desmond's platoon have
text: been here for days already and the men glance at their new
text: comrade with casual interest.
dialog: 3.4.13 21.
text: SMITTY, a burly dockworker, is playing a knife game -
text: “stretch” - against “GREASE” NOLAN, another Brooklyn native
text: and auto mechanic. Smitty balances the knife with an ease
text: suggesting intimate familiarity and expertly throws it into
text: the floor, 30 inches from Grease’s right foot. Grease
text: groans. He has to spread his legs even wider to try and
text: reach the knife.
text: Try as he might, Grease just can’t make it.
speaker_heading: GREASE
dialog: Shoot! You’re up, Kirzinski.
text: Grease moves over and another man, KIRZINKSI, takes his
text: place. Grease sidles up to Desmond and extends his hand.
speaker_heading: GREASE (cont'd)
dialog: Grease Nolan outta Red Hook. Where
dialog: you from?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Virginia. Desmond, Desmond Doss.
speaker_heading: GREASE
dialog: Hillbilly, huh? That’s Smitty
text: there, whipping Kirzinski’s ass.
speaker_heading: KIRZINKSI
dialog: Like you were doing better.
text: Smitty says nothing but as the Alpha Dog in the bunch he
text: gives Desmond a very thorough if silent scrutiny.
text: “TEACH” EPSTEIN, a High School math teacher from Hartford,
text: glances up from his pulp magazine and smiles.
speaker_heading: TEACH
dialog: Zeke Epstein. Most guys call me
dialog: “Teach.”
text: Grease steers Doss towards the back of the barracks.
speaker_heading: GREASE
dialog: Think we got an empty bunk back
dialog: here.
text: Grease pauses near the corner where a group of men are
text: intently playing craps. MILT “HOLLYWOOD” ZANE, a
text: professional gambler from Los Angeles, rolls the dice -
text: sevens - and scoops up the pot.
dialog: 3.4.13 22.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: Seven is heaven! Come to daddy!
dialog: (glancing at Desmond)
dialog: Fresh blood! Care to sit in?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, thanks.
speaker_heading: GREASE
dialog: Not as dumb as you look! That’s
dialog: Hollywood Zane. Scott Drucker
dialog: there’s a genuine Mohawk from
dialog: upstate New York. Say something in
dialog: Indian, Chief.
text: “CHIEF” Drucker looks at Grease with undisguised contempt.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Ugh.
text: Mazilli, a big burly redhead with a thick Boston accent
text: reaches over and shakes Desmond’s hand.
scene_heading: BRUNO “B” MAZILLI
dialog: Bruno Mazilli. Beantown. Guys
dialog: call me B.
text: Grease gestures to the far corner where TEX ROYAL, a ranch-
text: hand from Abilene, is showing off rope tricks to VITO
speaker_heading: RINNELLI.
speaker_heading: GREASE
dialog: That’s Tex over there and Vito
dialog: Rinnelli. Here, I don’t think
dialog: anybody's using this bunk.
text: The barracks’ door opens and Sgt. Howell bursts in. Smitty
text: leaps to attention and yells out.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
speaker_heading: ‘TENTION!
text: Everyone immediately drops what they are doing and stands up.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
scene_heading: COMPANY B ON THE ROPES COURSE. FIVE
text: MINUTES. LET'S GO!
scene_heading: EXT. ROPES COURSE - DAY
text: The men are marched over to a climbing station where they are
text: each handed a rope.
dialog: 3.4.13 23.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I am going to teach you how to tie
dialog: a bowline knot so you can get your
dialog: sorry asses down from a height so I
dialog: can kick it! Pay attention! Make
dialog: a loop. Run the tail end thru the
dialog: loop and around the rope. Run it
text: back through the loop and pull it
dialog: tight! Alright, let’s go!!
text: The men struggle to follow Howell’s instructions. Tex, of
text: course, is perfect but many are flummoxed. Howell walks down
text: the line, testing each knot. He tugs Grease’s clumsy
text: creation and it comes apart in his big meaty hands.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Congratulations, Dumb-ass, you just
dialog: fell fifty feet and broke your
dialog: neck!
text: Howell grabs Zane’s rope and the knot actually slips, closing
dialog: the loop.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Brilliant, Private Zane--you just
dialog: strangled yourself, numb nuts!
text: Howell gets to Desmond who, to his embarrassment, has
text: inadvertently doubled his rope and actually tied not one, but
dialog: two loops.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: What’ve you got here, Doss, one for
dialog: each titty? You’re tying a
dialog: bowline, boy, not building a bra!
text: Desmond blushes and laughs at himself. There’s a good
text: feeling in the group, bonded by their mutual clumsiness.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: You GRINNIN’ at me, boy?!
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No Sir!
text: But he still grins.
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE GROUND - DAY
text: Howell double-time marches the men over to a rack of rifles.
dialog: 3.4.13 24.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: Grab a gun and fall in!
text: Everybody around him is grabbing a gun but Desmond just
text: stares at the rack, some powerful emotion working on him.
text: Irritated, Howell storms up behind Desmond.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Do we not have one in your size,
dialog: soldier?!
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: No, Sergeant. I can’t...won’t touch
text: a gun.
text: Everybody gets very quiet. Howell stares at Desmond in
text: complete and utter disbelief.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN JACK GLOVER’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Glover, a tough, no-nonsense former Detroit policeman, is
text: Company B’s Commanding Officer, tasked with the almost
dialog: impossible mission of creating an entirely new unit from
text: scratch. His desk is piled high with reports, manuals, and
text: documents and the office walls are patchwork of overdue work
text: orders and tasks. At the moment, all of that is forgotten as
text: he tries to figure out the enigma that is Private Doss.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: What exactly is the problem?
text: Desmond responds respectfully, but we can sense he’s
text: repeating himself.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: The Army’s made a mistake. I told
dialog: them when I signed up that...
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: “Sir.”
text: Desmond nods, flustered.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (to Glover)
dialog: Yes Sir. Sorry, Sir.
dialog: 3.4.13 25.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: What you’re saying’s not possible,
dialog: Private. Do you know why that is
dialog: not possible?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, Sir.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Because the United States Army does
dialog: not make mistakes. Therefore, if
dialog: there is a problem here, you must
dialog: be that problem and I don’t want
dialog: any damn problems in my Company.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Sir, I was supposed to be sent to a
dialog: medical unit, not a rifle company,
dialog: so I could--
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: --He’s a C.O.
text: Howell hands Doss’s papers to Glover who glances at them with
dialog: suspicion.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: You're a “Conscientious Objector?”
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, sir, I am a conscientious
dialog: cooperator. I volunteered for
dialog: active duty and signed on to be a
dialog: medic.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Are you screwing with me, Doss?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, sir. I don’t have a problem
text: wearing a uniform or saluting the
dialog: flag or doing my duty; only with
dialog: the taking of human life.
text: Glover can't believe what he’s hearing.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: You don’t kill, is all. Any other
dialog: requirements? Anything else we can
dialog: do to ensure that you have a
dialog: comfortable stay here in the Army?
dialog: 3.4.13
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I’m a Seventh Day Adventist so
dialog: Saturdays are my Sabbath. And like
dialog: I was trying to explain to the
dialog: Sergeant here, I won’t touch a gun.
dialog: Sir.
text: Glover and Howell exchange looks.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Well, just so we’re clear, Doss,
dialog: let me tell you my requirements.
dialog: They're not as complicated as
dialog: yours, in fact, they’re really very
dialog: simple. As long as you’re part of
dialog: this Company, you will obey my
dialog: orders. Period. If you won’t do
dialog: it here, I can’t trust you’1l do it
dialog: in battle. I’m putting you in for
dialog: a Section Eight, Psychiatric
dialog: Discharge. Dismissed!
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE GROUND - MOMENTS LATER
dialog: 26.
text: Sgt. Howell escorts Desmond back to the line, where the rest
text: of B Company are finishing calisthenics drills.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: Think you're pretty smart, don’t
dialog: you? Come in here, make a bunch of
dialog: ridiculous demands, and think we’1l
dialog: wash your ass outta the service, is
dialog: that the plan?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: There is no plan. I just want to
dialog: serve my country.
text: Howell studies Desmond skeptically, completely unconvinced.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: Uh-huh. Well whatever your plan
dialog: is, princess, but you’re not gonna
dialog: get away with it. I guaran-damn-
dialog: tee you that.
text: Howell approaches the men with Desmond. Everyone comes to
dialog: attention.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: (addressing the men)
dialog: Gentlemen! I want you to meet
dialog: Private Desmond Doss.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 3.4.13 27.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Apparently, Private Doss does not
dialog: believe in violence. He does not
dialog: practice violence. He will not
text: even touch a gun. Private Doss is
dialog: a “Conscientious Objector.” Do not
dialog: look to Private Doss to save your
dialog: ass on the battlefield because he
dialog: will undoubtedly be too busy with
dialog: his conscience to help you!
text: By this time, everyone is staring at Doss with undisguised
text: suspicion, and open loathing.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: I realize some of you may have
dialog: strong feelings about this but the
dialog: Government says we have to respect
dialog: Doss’ rights. It’s what we men
dialog: fight for: to protect our women
dialog: and children and those less able.
dialog: I will expect every man in this
dialog: Company to give Private Doss the
dialog: full measure of respect he’s due
dialog: for the short time he will be with
dialog: us. AM I CLEAR! ?
speaker_heading: ALL THE MEN
dialog: YES, SERGEANT!
scene_heading: EXT. OBSTACLE COURSE - AFTERNOON
text: The men run the course, ducking under barbed wire, climbing
text: wooden walls, splashing through water pits, etc. Desmond may
text: be skinny but he’s all muscle and has no trouble keeping pace
text: with the front of the pack - a fact not lost on Smitty.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: COME ON YOU MAGGOTS, PICK IT UP!
scene_heading: EXT. OBSTACLE COURSE - CLIMBING WALL - SAME
text: The men reach a sheer vertical wall with four knotted ropes
text: hanging from the top. Each soldier grabs a line and hauls
text: himself up, hand over hand. Desmond finds himself right
text: behind Smitty.
text: As Smitty nears the top he glances behind at Desmond,
text: climbing with surprising ease up the same rope just beneath
text: him. Smitty hesitates a fraction and then lets himself slip
text: down the rope eighteen inches, his feet catching Desmond in
text: the face and chest and knocking him off the rope and onto the
text: ground. Smitty grins and easily pulls himself over the top.
dialog: 3.4.13 28.
text: Desmond pulls himself up off the ground, a look of
text: hardscrabble hillbilly determination on his face. He snatches
text: the rope, and quickly hoists himself up again.
scene_heading: EXT. OBSTACLE COURSE - FINAL TRACK - SAME
text: Smitty cruises up ahead on the final portion of the course,
text: victory assured. Desmond bears down and sprints full out
text: until he catches up to a very surprised Smitty; Desmond gives
text: him a sideways glance, and pulls ahead to finish first in the
dialog: Company.
text: Smitty is furious as Desmond leaves him in the dust.
scene_heading: INT. DINING HALL - EVENING
text: A cavernous, drab, pinewood room with long tables seating
dialog: fourteen men.
text: Smitty sits at the head; Desmond is at the foot. Platters of
text: Pork Chops, peas, mashed potatoes and corn are passed down.
text: By the time it reaches Desmond, there are only a handful of
text: peas and corn left. Uncomplainingly, Desmond fills his plate
dialog: with what’s left.
text: Waving one pork chop on his fork over the two other chops on
text: his plate, Smitty yells down the table at Desmond.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Hey, Doss! Sorry we ran out!
text: Desmond smiles back politely.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: That's alright, Smitty. I don’t eat
dialog: meat.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: What?
text: Smitty pretends he can’t hear Doss. Yells out to Teach,
text: sitting next to Doss at the end.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: What’d the C.0O. say?
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Says he don’t eat meat!
speaker_heading: RINNELLI
dialog: Don’t eat meat!
dialog: 3.4.13 29.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: Not a meat eater!
text: From one man to the next, the word gets passed until it
text: reaches Smitty. Smitty looks at Desmond, at a complete loss
text: for words. Desmond smiles.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I like vegetables, though, plenty
dialog: fine. Thanks.
text: Smitty burns, feeling somehow that he’s been had.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: In the precious half-hour to themselves before Lights Out,
text: the men play cards, read, chew the fat, or write letters.
text: Desmond reaches into his shirt pocket and retrieves his New
text: Testament. He runs his hands lightly over its cheap leather
text: cover; he’s in sore need of comfort.
text: A HAND reaches in and snatches the Bible away. Desmond jumps
dialog: up to see...
text: Smitty standing there, grinning, holding his Bible.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: What’cha got there, Dessie?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: That’s my Bible.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Seems kinda small.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: It's just the New Testament.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Half a Bible for half a man?
speaker_heading: TEACH
dialog: For Pete’s sake, Smitty, give him
text: back his Bible.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Shut up, Teach.
dialog: (back to Desmond)
dialog: So how come you don’t fight? You
dialog: think you're better than us?
dialog: 3.4.13 30.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: What if you were attacked?
text: Smitty suddenly BACKHANDS Desmond across the face, staggering
text: him, and nearly knocking him down. Desmond touches his face;
text: his lip is bleeding.
text: The Barracks grows very quiet. Everybody stops what they're
text: doing and watches. A few more men gather behind Smitty.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: The Bible says to turn the other
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Like this?
text: Smitty SLAPS him again, this time in the other direction.
text: More men gather. There is the smell of blood in the water.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: See, I don’t think this is a
dialog: question of religion, fellas, I
dialog: think this is just cowardice, plain
dialog: and simple. Is that right, Doss?
dialog: Are you chicken-shit, is that it?
text: Desmond’s hands clench. It takes everything Desmond has not
text: to leap at Smitty and tear his throat out.
speaker_heading: GREASE
dialog: Look out, Smitty! He’s getting hot!
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Are you getting mad, Doss? Well,
dialog: go on, take a poke! Tell you what,
dialog: I'll give you a free shot. Go on.
dialog: No?
text: Smitty waves the Bible; Dorothy’s picture falls out. Desmond
text: reaches for it but Smitty is faster.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: Hold on here! What's this?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: That’s mine. Give it here!
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Finder's keepers.
dialog: (examining picture)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 3.4.13 31.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: Hey now, this is a fine looking
dialog: woman. Kind of woman who deserves
dialog: a real man!
text: The men whistle and catcall.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Give it back.
text: Desmond has grown quiet...still...dangerous.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Please.
text: Desmond’s eyes are hard as mountain granite.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: “Please give it back, Smitty.”
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Please give it back, Smitty.
text: Smitty smiles slowly.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Nah, I‘1ll just keep it.
text: Smitty tucks the picture into his pocket. Desmond's eyes
text: dart up, full of fire--
text: And he sees Smitty smiling, waiting for him to strike back,
text: and abandon everything that makes him who he is.
text: Desmond lowers his arms.
text: Smitty smirks, tosses Desmond’s Bible to Desmond and leaves,
text: taking the crowd with him.
text: Desmond, left alone, shunned as a coward, picks up his Bible
text: and straightens the crooked pages out. A drop of blood from
text: his lip falls on the cover. Desmond wipes it off with his
dialog: sleeve.
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER (V.O.)
dialog: Do you hear voices, Desmond?
dialog: 3.4.13 32.
scene_heading: INT. ARMY PSYCHIATRIST OFFICE - NEXT DAY
text: COLONEL STELZER is a pinched face Psychiatrist with a
text: receding hairline and a piercing gaze. Desmond sits in front
text: of him: nervous, angry, and defiant.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER
dialog: But I understand that God talks to
dialog: you. Is that right?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Look, sir, I’m not some drooling
dialog: backwoods idiot.
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER
dialog: Is that how you think most people
dialog: regard you? “A drooling idiot”?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I'm different. I know that. I
dialog: don’t pretend to be something I’m
dialog: not. I am what I am.
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER
dialog: Sounds lonely.
text: Desmond says nothing.
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER (cont’d)
dialog: So you don’t hear voices.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I pray to God and I like to think
dialog: He hears me but - it’s not a
dialog: conversation, like we’re having.
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER
dialog: So, God didn’t tell you not to
dialog: touch a gun?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: God says not to kill. That’s the
dialog: Sixth Commandment.
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER
dialog: I’m quite familiar with the
dialog: scriptures, Private. And most
dialog: people take that commandment to
dialog: mean, “Don’t commit murder.” War,
dialog: of course, is a completely
dialog: different set of circumstances...
dialog: 3.4.13 33.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I don’t see it that way...
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER
dialog: ..-King David was a “Warrior King,”
dialog: and much loved by God.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: And that’s the Old Testament! Jesus
dialog: said, “A new commandment I give
dialog: unto you, that you love one another
dialog: and--"
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER
dialog: Jesus didn’t say anything about not
dialog: carrying a weapon! Did he?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER
dialog: Then why won’t you?
text: Desmond hesitates - then sets his jaw.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Because I won’t. Sir.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B BARRACKS - DAY
text: Desmond returns to his cot and finds his pillow soaking wet.
text: He can feel the men looking at him. Desmond wrings out the
dialog: pillow as best he can.
scene_heading: INT. ARMY PSYCHIATRIST OFFICE - DAY
text: Colonel Stelzer is now seated behind his desk. Captain
text: Glover stands at attention.
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER
dialog: It is my opinion that Private Doss
dialog: is not insane or a malingerer. His
dialog: religious views are certainly...
dialog: unique, but they do not constitute
dialog: grounds for a Section Eight
dialog: Discharge. He is a legitimate
dialog: Conscientious Objector and he must
dialog: be allowed to work as a Combat
dialog: Medic provided he qualifies in all
dialog: other areas of his training.
text: Glover is dumbfounded - and furious.
dialog: 3.4.13 34.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: And if I choose to appeal your
dialog: decision, sir?
speaker_heading: COLONEL STELZER
dialog: (with an edge)
dialog: That would be unwise, Captain.
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE GROUND - DAY
text: Glover strides furiously across the yard, Howell beside him.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: We're stuck with Doss...unless he
dialog: requests a transfer. From now on
text: he’s restricted to Barracks and KP.
dialog: No leave.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B BARRACKS - BATHROOM - DAYS LATER
text: Desmond is on his hands and knees, scrubbing the filthy
text: toilets with a toothbrush.
scene_heading: INT. MESSHALL KITCHEN - FORT JACKSON - NIGHT
text: Desmond stands in the crowded, smoky kitchen, washing an
text: endless stack of dirty dishes. His hands are raw from the
text: hot water and bleach.
text: Through the window, he can see Smitty, Grease, Chief, and B
text: laughing and rough-housing with one another as they head out
text: of camp on a 24 hour pass.
text: Smitty and Grease glance back at Doss, silhouetted in the
text: mess hall window.
speaker_heading: GREASE
dialog: What a weirdo, huh? Complete
dialog: fruitcake!
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Shut up, Grease.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B BARRACKS - DAY
text: Somebody in the back yells, “Attention!” as Sgt. Howell
text: enters in a surprise inspection. Everyone leaps to their
text: feet. Howell prowls around silently, examining the barracks.
text: He stops in front of Doss’ bunk. Tugs on a corner.
dialog: 3.4.13 35.
text: Dissatisfied, Howell yanks the entire bedding off the cot and
text: throws it onto the floor.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: Doss, your area is a disgrace! A
dialog: pig stye!
text: Smitty grins. Howell turns to him.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Something funny, Ryker?
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: No, sergeant.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: What you men fail to recognize is
dialog: that a unit is no better then its
dialog: weakest member. To help you learn
dialog: that lesson, there will be no
dialog: passes for anyone this weekend and
dialog: you will all be on KP! Right now,
dialog: I want you in full gear for a
dialog: twenty mile hike. LET’S GO!
text: Howell exits. Everyone stares at Doss with utter contempt.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH CAROLINA COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Company B is in full combat uniforms carrying heavy backpacks
text: and weapons - except Doss, who is unarmed and unburdened. The
text: heat is stifling and the men are sweating heavily as they
text: slog through bogs and thick shrubs.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH CAROLINA COUNTRYSIDE - HOURS LATER
text: The men are in a state of collapse.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: Take five!
text: The Company falls to the ground where they are; some are too
text: tired to even move into the shade.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Something’s wrong with Teach.
text: Doss moves to Teach - he’s hunched over, his face bone white,
text: his skin dry and hot to the touch.
speaker_heading: TEACH
dialog: Headache is all.
dialog: 3.4.13 36.
text: Teach collapses.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B BARRACKS - EVENING
text: The men wait, their mood sour. Nobody will look at Doss.
text: Howell enters and the men rise to attention.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
text: Private Epstein is recovering but
dialog: he will not be returning to his
dialog: unit; he’ll be discharged. We lost
dialog: a good man today, through no fault
dialog: of his own, because this Unit does
dialog: not pull together; because this
dialog: Unit is weak!
text: Howell leaves. Slowly, every man in the unit looks at Doss.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B BARRACKS - SHOWERS - THAT NIGHT
text: Desmond is showering, as he does all things now, alone.
text: Smitty, Grease, and Chief enter. Just as Desmond turns to
text: face them, Smitty punches Desmond in the face, knocking him
text: to the floor. The other men close in around him and begin
text: kicking and punching. Desmond curls up and tries to protect
text: himself but he doesn’t fight back.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: All the other members of the company sit on their bunks, not
text: looking at one another. The only SOUND is that of Desmond’s
text: beating in the next room. Tex curls up in bed and slowly
text: pulls his pillow over his ears to block out the noise.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B BARRACKS - NEXT MORNING
text: The entire company stands at attention. The door opens and
text: Sgt. Howell leads Desmond in. Desmond's face looks like
text: chopped steak: bruised and swollen, his eyes bloodshot. His
text: ribs obviously ache but he struggles to ignore his pain.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: Last night, Private Doss was
dialog: assaulted in these barracks. I
dialog: want those men who took part to
dialog: step forward.
text: No one moves. Grease sneaks a nervous glance at Smitty.
dialog: 3.4.13
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Reese? Something you’d like to
dialog: share?
text: Grease shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GREASE
dialog: No, sir.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: Private Doss. Identify the men who
dialog: beat you.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: No, sir.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: You mean you don’t know who
dialog: attacked you?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, sir.
text: Everybody is staring at Desmond.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
dialog: I never said I was assaulted.
text: Howell is stunned; he doesn’t know how to play this one.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: What the hell are you saying, Doss?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I just - fell, is all.
scene_heading: INT. GLOVER’S OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: I can hardly leave you in the
dialog: barracks; you might have another
dialog: attack of falling sickness.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I'm willing to take that chance,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: The men don’t want you, Doss, they
dialog: hate your guts!
dialog: 37.
dialog: 3.4.13 38.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Sir, they see me as responsible for
dialog: their loss of leave, their extra
dialog: duties, and what happened to Teach.
dialog: They’re angry about that - as they
dialog: were intended to be.
text: Glover and Howell exchange looks.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: If you’re accusing your Drill
dialog: Instructor of...
text: Desmond considers them coolly.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I’m not...sir.
scene_heading: INT. FORT JACKSON OFFICER’S CLUB - EVENING
text: Captain Glover shares a drink with his immediate superior,
scene_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM.
scene_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM
dialog: He’s an embarrassment! We’1ll be
dialog: the laughingstock of the Regiment.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: He passed his Section 8; I’ve
dialog: brought every pressure to bear that
dialog: I can and he just won't quit.
scene_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM
dialog: You should court-martial him.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: For what? Doss is a pain in the
dialog: ass but he always toes the line.
scene_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Then find a way to move the line.
text: Glover throws down his drink--and a thought hits him.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: He told one of the guys he’s
dialog: getting married this weekend, when
dialog: he’s on furlough.
text: Cunningham sees where this is going--and likes it.
dialog: 3.4.13 39.
scene_heading: INT. COLONEL CUNNINGHAM’S OFFICE - DAY - ONE WEEK LATER
text: Cunningham sits at his desk, Sgt. Howell standing beside him.
text: A line of men stretches through the office as each member of
text: Company B applies for, and gets, his long awaited “Two Week
text: Furlough.” Bored, Cunningham glances at each man’s papers
text: and routinely stamps them. Until Desmond reaches the desk.
scene_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Private Doss. I can’t authorize
dialog: your pass.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Respectfully, sir, I’m long
dialog: overdue. And I'm getting married
dialog: this afternoon...
scene_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM
dialog: ...-I’m not interested in your sob
dialog: story. You’re not rifle qualified.
text: Cunningham smiles, enjoying this.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I’m not required to carry a gun,
dialog: sir. Colonel Stelzer...
scene_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Colonel Stelzer’s determination
dialog: was...
dialog: (reading from report)
dialog: “Doss must be allowed to work as a
dialog: Combat Medic provided he qualifies
dialog: in all other areas of his
dialog: training.”
dialog: (closes file)
dialog: You have not qualified on the rifle
dialog: range, Private.
text: Silence. Everybody in line - Smitty and the rest of Company
text: B - knows that Cunningham has put Desmond in a box.
speaker_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM (cont’d)
dialog: Show me you know how to handle a
dialog: rifle and I’1l sign your furlough.
dialog: Sergeant? Hand Private Doss your
dialog: firearm.
text: Sgt. Howell offers Doss his rifle.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Sir. I will not touch a gun, sir.
dialog: 3.4.13 40.
scene_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM
dialog: I am not asking you, Private. That
dialog: is a Direct Order.
dialog: And there it is.
text: Desmond doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM (cont’d)
text: Pick up the rifle.
dialog: (Doss remains still)
dialog: I want you to think very carefully
dialog: here, Doss. Pick up the gun; get
dialog: your furlough and have a happy
dialog: honeymoon. Refuse to pick up the
dialog: gun and I will court martial you,
dialog: and you will spend the next five
text: years in the stockade.
text: Desmond is tempted but...
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, sir.
scene_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Sergeant, you will note that
text: Private Desmond Doss has disobeyed
dialog: a direct order from his superior
dialog: officer. Arrest him!
text: Sgt. Howell leads Desmond out, past the other men of Company
text: B. Desmond neither seeks their pity nor their help.
text: Smitty watches Desmond as he is led out. Disbelief. Anger.
dialog: Confusion. What the hell is it about this guy?
scene_heading: EXT. STOCKADE - DAY
text: As the GUARD leads Desmond in, Desmond pleads--
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I’ve got to make a phone call.
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: No prisoner who’s been
text: insubordinate gets phone calls.
dialog: The Army lawyers will come to you.
dialog: 3.4.13 4l.
scene_heading: INT. STOCKADE CELL - EVENING
text: A bare cell - a cot, a sink, a toilet. Desmond sits on the
text: cot, reading the Bible Dorothy gave him. Desmond looks at
text: his wrist watch: five minutes past six.
scene_heading: INT. 7TH DAY ADVENTIST CHURCH - LYNCHBURG, VA - SAME
text: Dorothy stands at the altar in her wedding gown, her parents
text: beside her. Next to them are Desmond’s parents. A tableau of
dialog: embarrassment and concern.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: How much longer would you like to
dialog: wait, Dorothy?
text: Dorothy speaks without a hint of doubt in her voice.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I think this is long enough.
text: The Minister whispers to Dorothy.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: I'm so very sorry...
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I’m sure there’s a reason he’s not
dialog: here. We’ll call you on Monday to
dialog: reschedule.
scene_heading: INT. STOCKADE CELL - NIGHT
text: Desmond paces in his cell, his knuckles clenched white with
text: barely contained fury. Suddenly, the dam bursts with a SCREAM
text: - a wrenching roar of frustration and pent-up anger. He
text: grabs his cot and smashes it against the floor. He rips the
text: sink off the wall. He smashes his hands against his steel
text: door until his knuckles are bloody. Exhausted, he slumps
text: down to the floor.
scene_heading: INT. STOCKADE CONFERENCE ROOM - NEXT DAY
text: Desmond’s lawyer, CAPTAIN DANIELS, is a nervous young man
text: with a mustache so meagre it seems painted on.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN DANIELS
dialog: Private, outbursts like last night
dialog: don’t help.
dialog: 3.4.13 42.
text: Desmond shrugs, sunk in misery.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN DANIELS (cont’d)
dialog: There is some good news. They’ve
dialog: indicated if you plead guilty, the
dialog: Army will give you a dishonorable
dialog: discharge, and you can go home.
dialog: How’s that sound?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: If that’s the good news, I sure
dialog: don’t want to hear the bad.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN DANIELS
dialog: Look, Doss, Military Justice is a
dialog: whole different animal. We’re at
dialog: war! The needs of a Conscientious
dialog: Objector are hardly a priority.
dialog: Take the deal and be grateful.
scene_heading: INT. DESMOND’S CELL - DAY
text: Desmond sits on his cot, reading Dorothy’s Bible. The door
text: opens and to Desmond’s surprise, Captain Glover enters.
text: Desmond stands and salutes. Glover ignores his salute.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Sit down.
text: Desmond sits, uncertain. Glover looks out the window at the
text: parade ground, at the men training outside. He sees
text: Desmond's Bible; picks it up.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: This your Bible?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: New Testament. My fiance gave it
dialog: to me when I joined up.
text: Glover shakes his head and puts the Bible back down on the
dialog: bunk.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: You probably think I’m a real son
dialog: of a bitch who cares more about
dialog: regulations then he does about his
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, sir.
dialog: 3.4.13
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Did I give you permission to speak?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The U.S. Army didn’t always arm its
dialog: medics. Did you know that? The
dialog: Geneva Convention expressly allows
dialog: Medics to be armed and to use their
dialog: weapons in defense but some nice
dialog: fellow at the Pentagon decided,
dialog: like you, that he knew better. But
dialog: after we invaded Attu last year, a
text: thousand Japs armed with rifles and
text: home-made spears launched a banzai
dialog: attack in the middle of the night
text: directly on the hospital tents
text: where the medics and their wounded
dialog: lay sleeping. Our boys fought back
dialog: as best they could with whatever
dialog: they could find but hundreds died.
text: Captain Glover looks at Doss.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: I don’t give a rat’s ass about your
dialog: principals because the Japs don’t.
dialog: One of them comes at you and some
dialog: wounded soldier what are you gonna
dialog: fight him with, Doss? Your New
dialog: Testament?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: With everything I have, sir. I'm
dialog: prepared to give my life for my
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: You don’t win wars, Doss, by giving
dialog: up your life! You win wars by
dialog: taking them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Plead guilty and I will see that
dialog: you receive an Honorable Discharge.
dialog: There’s no shame in that. Go home
dialog: and pray, and let the soldiers go
text: over there and fight.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I can’t do that, sir.
text: The two men stare at one another.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Guard!
dialog: 43.
dialog: 3.4.13 44,
text: A GUARD unlocks the door.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: Your hearing is tomorrow morning.
dialog: If I can’t change your mind, maybe
dialog: she can.
text: Glover leaves. Desmond rises, afraid to hope, but it’s true -
text: Dorothy enters the cell. Desmond and Dorothy eye each other,
text: unsure of how the other will react. Dorothy moves into his
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I...you know I would’ve been there
dialog: if there'd been any way...
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: What’d they do to you?
text: Dorothy sits on the cot; Desmond sits close beside her,
text: taking his swollen hands in hers.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I went a couple of rounds with the
dialog: wall and lost. Pretty much the
dialog: story of me and the army.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: They say you could go to prison,
text: Desmond. Leavenworth. For a long,
dialog: long time.
text: Desmond is nervous but tries not to show it.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I don’t think that’1l happen.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: But you don’t know it, do you?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I've come too far. I won’t quit.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You tried, Desmond; nobody can say
dialog: you didn’t. Just say whatever they
dialog: want you to say and come home!
dialog: There’s plenty of things you can do
dialog: for the war effort at home.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I believe in my heart that being a
dialog: medic is what I’m supposed to do!
dialog: 3.4.13 45.
text: Desmond realizes he’s raised his voice more than he meant to.
text: Dorothy is starting to seethe.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: This is just pride, Desmond! Pride
dialog: and stubbornness! Don’t confuse
dialog: your will with the Lord’s!
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (reserved)
dialog: I could say the same thing to you.
text: Silence. Both are miserable.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
dialog: I want to do right in God’s eyes
dialog: and - yeah, I may be - like you say
dialog: - prideful. If I am, it’s because I
dialog: want so badly to be the kind of man
dialog: you could be proud of. And I’m
dialog: scared of failing.
text: Dorothy looks at him - a mixture of love and pity. And then
text: she puts her arms around him and holds him close.
scene_heading: INT. STOCKADE CELL - EVENING
text: Desmond sits on the floor of his cell, alone, lost in
text: thought. He makes a decision, one that leaves him feeling
text: defeated. He rises and bangs on the door.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Guard! I want to see my lawyer.
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE GROUND - MORNING
text: Sgt. Howell leads Desmond to the courtroom.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: You're quitting just in time, Doss.
text: Regiment's finally shipping out;
dialog: we're going to get us a real piece
dialog: of this war.
dialog: (confiding)
dialog: You know, some of us had a pool
dialog: going on you. Hollywood was giving
dialog: 20 to one odds.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Where’d you put your money?
dialog: 3.4.13 46.
scene_heading: SGT. HOWELL
dialog: Let’s just say, you had me a little
dialog: worried there for awhile.
text: They pass soldiers practicing BAYONET DRILL, lunging at and
text: clubbing padded wooden stanchions with their rifles while
text: their Drill Instructor urges them on. Desmond stops to watch.
scene_heading: DRILL INSTRUCTOR
dialog: Kill!
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: Kill!
scene_heading: DRILL INSTRUCTOR
dialog: I CAN’T HEAR YOU!
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: Kill!
scene_heading: DRILL INSTRUCTOR
dialog: IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN DO?!
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: KILL! KILL! KILL!
dialog: Desmond regards all these young men, so confident of their
text: power, acting invulnerable--as if none of them will be
dialog: wounded, or killed.
text: Sgt. Howell tugs at Desmond's sleeve pulling him back to
text: reality. He follows but there’s a different look in his eyes
dialog: now.
scene_heading: EXT. DOSS HOUSE - DAY
text: Tom Doss drives his car up to the house like a madman,
text: leaving deep ruts in the muddy front yard. He leaps out of
text: the car leaving the door open behind him and the engine still
text: running. He hurries up the steps to the front porch where
text: Dot and Bess have been anxiously waiting for him.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Did you get it?!
text: Tom hands her an envelope.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS
dialog: Right there. Go on!
text: Dorothy starts down the steps. Stops and looks back
dialog: 3.4.13 47.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You're coming aren’t you?
text: A flash of pain crosses Tom’s eyes.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS
dialog: No. You go. I...Tell him this was
dialog: your doing.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: But it wasn’t.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS
dialog: In a way it was. Go on...you’re
dialog: gonna be late if you don’t get
dialog: started.
text: Dorothy starts to turn away, but then stops again. There is
text: a gentle strength in her face, the kind particular to
dialog: Southern women.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Mr. Doss... When Desmond and I
dialog: Marry, you’ll be my father too.
dialog: And I'm telling you: he’d want to
dialog: know this...from you.
text: A flash of pain shoots across Tom's face.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS
dialog: I’m no good at this stuff. You go.
text: With one last look and the hint of a nod, Dorothy turns back
text: toward the car and heads off.
scene_heading: INT. MAKESHIFT COURTROOM - DAY
text: A conference room has been hastily transformed into a
text: courtroom. The JUDGE, a JAG Officer, sits at the far end
text: behind a table on a raised dais. Desmond sits at a table
text: with his lawyer, Captain Daniels. The Prosecutor sits at a
text: nearby table next to Colonel Cunningham and Captain Glover.
text: Cunningham looks very pleased. Glover, on the other hand, is
text: oddly subdued. MP’s flank the doors. There are a handful of
text: chairs in the back - empty. Desmond looks around in vain for
text: Dorothy, but she is not there. Nobody is there for him.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This is a hearing into the matter
dialog: of Private Desmond Doss. The
dialog: charge is Disobeying a Direct Order
dialog: from his Commanding Officer. How
dialog: says the Defendant?
dialog: 3.4.13
text: Captain Daniels rises.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN DANIELS
dialog: May it please the court, Private
text: Doss is prepared to enter a Guilty
dialog: plea.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Is that so, Private?
text: A moment. Desmond rises slowly.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, sir. I’ve changed my mind.
text: There is an unpleasant stir in the courtroom.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You wish to proceed with a Court
dialog: Martial?
text: Desmond’s lawyer, Captain Daniels, whispers to him--
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN DANIELS
dialog: Doss, what the hell are you--
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (ignoring Daniels; to the
dialog: Judge)
dialog: If you say so.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This is not a game, Private. Your
dialog: lawyer has acquainted you with all
dialog: of the possible consequences?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Very well. Do you deny disobeying
dialog: Colonel Cunningham’s order?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: It would seem you leave the court
dialog: with very limited options.
dialog: (a moment)
dialog: Why is it so important to you,
dialog: given your refusal to even touch a
dialog: gun, to serve in a combat unit?
dialog: 48.
dialog: 3.4.13 49,
text: Desmond takes a breath and wipes his sweaty hands on his
text: pants. He’s working this out on his feet; trying to give
text: form to his feelings.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: When the Japs attacked Pearl
dialog: Harbor, I took it personally.
dialog: Everyone I knew was on fire to join
dialog: up. Two men in my home town who
dialog: were declared 4-F killed themselves
dialog: because they couldn’t serve. I had
dialog: a job in a defense plant and
dialog: could've taken a deferment but it
dialog: didn’t seem right.
dialog: It didn’t seem right to me that
dialog: other folks should fight and die
dialog: for my rights, including my right
dialog: to believe what I believe. Being a
dialog: medic seems perfect. I'’11 be right
text: in the middle with the other guys,
dialog: no less danger, but instead of
dialog: taking life, I’1l be saving it.
text: With the world so set on tearing
dialog: itself apart, it doesn’t seem such
dialog: a bad thing to me to want to put a
dialog: little bit of it back together.
text: The men in the court can’t embrace Desmond’s position, but
dialog: they can’t deny his sincerity.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
dialog: All I’ve ever wanted was a chance
dialog: to serve my country and to protect
dialog: my fellow soldiers.
text: The Judge frowns.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: While the sentiments expressed are
dialog: laudable, the facts of the case
dialog: seem incontestable. I have no
dialog: choice but to recommend we go
dialog: forward...
text: The door opens and Dorothy enters. She spots Desmond and
text: rushes past the startled guards to him and his lawyer. She
text: hands the envelope to Captain Daniels.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (cont'd)
dialog: How did this woman get in here?
dialog: Guards!
dialog: 3.4.13 50.
text: The MPs close in. Daniels rises, Dorothy's open envelope in
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN DANIELS
dialog: Your Honor! I have a letter here!
dialog: From Washington!
text: The Judge beckons and Daniels hands him the letter. The
text: Judge reads it. He glances up at Desmond.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: “The defendant’s rights as a
dialog: Conscientious Objector are
dialog: protected by an Act of Congress and
dialog: he cannot be compelled to waive
dialog: those rights. That includes his
dialog: refusal to bear arms of any kind.”
dialog: Signed by the War Services
dialog: Commander, Washington, D.C.
text: A stake through the heart of the charges against Desmopnd.
text: The Judge looks over at Cunningham and Glover.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (cont'd)
dialog: We could proceed, of course, should
dialog: the Colonel insist...?
text: Colonel Cunningham rises stiffly.
scene_heading: COLONEL CUNNINGHAM
dialog: I withdraw the charges, sir.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Then this case is dismissed.
dialog: Private Doss, you may resume your
dialog: duties and begin training as a
dialog: combat medic.
text: As the courtroom clears, Desmond hugs Dorothy.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: How did you do this?!
text: Over her shoulder, Desmond catches a glance from Glover -
text: there is no look of forgiveness on his face, nor any signs of
dialog: forgetting this defeat.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Desmond lies in bed, absently toying with the WEDDING RING
text: that now graces his left hand.
dialog: 3.4.13 51.
text: Dorothy turns off the light in the bathroom and climbs into
text: bed, wearing a nightgown and her own ring. They hold each
text: other a moment and savor the look in each other’s eyes.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Now, I haven't changed my mind
dialog: about what you’re doing and I don’t
dialog: want you to go. But I love you and
dialog: if you really think this is what
dialog: you’re meant to do, then that’s the
dialog: way it is. Only...
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You don’t come home to me and I’11
dialog: make you sorry you were ever born.
text: Dorothy tries to smile but her tears betray her and then
text: Desmond’s mouth is kissing her and they are lost in each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A ROAD - OKINAWA - MORNING
scene_heading: Titles: OKINAWA. APRIL, 1945
text: The Liberty Division has finally made it into combat, but
text: their war shows little excitement and even less glory. A
text: cold, heavy rain dampens spirits and turns the primitive road
text: into a morass of mud. Company B slogs through the mire as
text: they try to get up to the front line.
text: Desmond walks in the rear - alone - the Red Cross insignia on
text: his arm and his helmet evidence that he is now, finally, a
text: Medic. He carries a full field backpack plus three plasma
text: sets, a surgical kit, and two canteens, one full of water and
text: one full of rubbing alcohol.
text: Desmond’s training hasn’t brought him any closer to the men,
text: who still noticeably shun him. And he remains the only man
text: among them, indeed the only man in the entire US army, who is
dialog: unarmed.
text: Bruno shifts the heavy Flamethrower equipment on his back.
scene_heading: BRUNO “B” MAZILLI
dialog: Thought the Pacific was supposed to
dialog: be warm.
dialog: 3.4.13 52.
speaker_heading: RENNELLI
dialog: That's what that zippo on your back
dialog: is for.
text: On either side of the road, the soil is deep red. Rice
text: paddies and cornfields alternate between low pine-covered
text: limestone and ancient coral ridges.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Doesn’t look a whole lot different
dialog: than South Carolina.
text: Chief points at an elaborate womb-shaped rock structure on
text: one hill.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Won't see that in South Carolina -
dialog: that’s an Okinawan tomb.
speaker_heading: KIRZINKSI
dialog: How come they don’t bury their dead
dialog: like decent people?
text: Chief shrugs. A sudden DISTANT RUMBLE of artillery pierces
text: the air and every man perks up.
speaker_heading: JON KIRZINKSI
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Ours or theirs?
text: The men up ahead in the line are stepping over to the side of
text: the road. Horns of approaching trucks are heard honking
text: loudly.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Give’em room! Make way!
text: Company B huddles miserably off the road as a convoy of ARMY
text: TRUCKS rumbles past them in the opposite direction.
text: The first trucks are loaded with AMERICAN SOLDIERS, gaunt,
text: and haunted-looking. Their clothes are tattered and filthy
text: but much worse is the vacant look of misery in their eyes.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: Who’s that?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: The 96th; what’s left of them. The
dialog: guys we're replacing.
text: The trucks keep coming by, one after another, full of silent
text: men with ghostly pallor and dazed faces.
dialog: 3.4.13 53.
speaker_heading: GREASE
dialog: How long were they on the line?
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Two weeks.
speaker_heading: JON KIRZINKSI
dialog: Jesus.
text: And then the last five trucks pass by - full of DEAD
text: SOLDIERS, each man draped in his own damp poncho and then
text: stacked like wood, four feet high.
text: The men get very quiet. Desmond takes off his helmet and the
text: others follow suit. The rain beats down on their bare heads
text: and runs off their ponchos. The last truck rumbles past.
text: There is only the SOUND of the wind and the rain.
text: Captain Glover steps back into the road.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: (very subdued)
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. OKINAWA FARMHOUSE - THAT EVENING
text: Company B enters a typical Okinawan farmstead: low stone wall
text: surrounding a central building with a heavy tile roof and
text: upswept eaves. It appears abandoned, pock marked by mortar
text: rounds and machine gun fire, but nobody is taking any
dialog: chances.
text: The men move cautiously, guns ready. SERGEANT JONES hurries
text: up alongside Glover.
scene_heading: SGT. JONES
dialog: Sir, we got three Nips coming in,
dialog: want to surrender. One of ‘em looks
text: like he might be an officer.
text: Glover, Doss, Smitty and several others follow Sgt. Jones out
text: the rear entrance of the compound to the edge of...
scene_heading: EXT. HALF-PLOWED FIELD - EVENING
text: A group of soldiers stand watching in amusement as three
text: JAPANESE SOLDIERS approach - one riding a bicycle, one
text: sitting on the handlebars, and the third running alongside
text: holding a large WHITE FLAG.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Hold your fire!
dialog: 3.4.13 54.
text: Several of the US soldiers look back to Glover in confusion.
text: A few wave their arms at the Japanese to halt. As the
text: Japanese get within fifteen yards they abruptly stop and
text: abandon the bicycle. All of them pull out GRENADES and throw
text: them at the Americans! The grenades explode and
text: simultaneously the Americans open up. In the brief fire-
text: fight, five American soldiers are wounded and all three
dialog: Japanese go down.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: Cease Fire! Medic!
text: It was all so fast; Desmond can hardly believe it.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (0.C.) (cont'd)
speaker_heading: MEDIC!
text: Desmond grabs his kit and hurries towards the closest wounded
dialog: American.
text: It’s not until he’s almost on him that he can see it’s
text: actually two men - Bruno, with a gaping stomach wound, and
text: lying beside him, Kirzinski, dead, his sightless eyes staring
text: up at the sky. His first combat casualties.
dialog: The classroom can’t prepare you for this: the smell of
text: burning flesh; the sight of arterial blood seeping into the
text: ground; the pitiful SOUND of men whimpering with pain.
text: Desmond takes a hurried breath and checks the Bruno’s pulse.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: B?
scene_heading: BRUNO “B” MAZILLI
dialog: Is that you, Doss?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Don’t speak. Save your breath.
text: Desmond starts to cut away Bruno’s clothes to get at his
text: wound. Bruno is badly rattled, shaking with pain and terror;
text: the look on Desmond’s face isn’t comforting.
scene_heading: BRUNO “B” MAZILLI
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: It wasn’t - like - they said it -
dialog: would be.
text: Desmond stops, confused, for only a moment as Bruno’s eyes
text: roll back in his head.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: He’s going into shock!
dialog: 3.4.13 55.
text: Desmond quickly injects Bruno with morphine and then wraps a
text: tourniquet around his upper arm. He pulls out a plasma unit -
text: a box with two bottles and a two way needle - and connects
text: the bottles with the needle. While the liquid is filling the
text: dried plasma, Desmond pulls out a sterile IV kit and sets it
text: up. He inserts one end into the now liquid plasma and the
text: other into Bruno’s arm. Desmond releases the tourniquet and
text: the plasma begins to flow into the patient.
text: Desmond waits an anxious moment and then, as the color
text: returns to Bruno’s face, he breathes a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
text: STRETCHER TEAM!
text: A Two Man stretcher team runs up. Desmond watches them load
text: his patient and carry him away. Only then does Desmond
text: realize how much his hands are shaking.
scene_heading: EXT. OKINAWA FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: As the last of the American wounded are evacuated, Desmond
text: moves to the Japanese bodies. To his surprise, one of them
text: is still alive.
text: It is Desmond's first glimpse of the enemy and despite the
text: treachery of their assault, this soldier does not appear
text: formidable. The Japanese Soldier looks young, barely out of
text: his teens, and so malnourished he’s more skin and bones than
text: anything else. Blood bubbles at the corners of his mouth.
text: He looks at Desmond with absolute terror in his eyes.
text: Desmond doesn’t hesitate, he squats down beside the wounded
text: soldier and starts to treat his wounds.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (0.C.)
dialog: Leave him be.
text: Desmond looks up in surprise at Smitty standing over him,
text: service revolver drawn, glowering at the wounded Japanese
text: soldier. Glover strides over.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
text: Sons of bitches came in under a
text: white flag.
dialog: (to everyone)
dialog: No more prisoners! Ever. You get
dialog: a clean shot on one of them, you
dialog: take it!
dialog: (to Desmond)
dialog: Leave him alone.
dialog: 3.4.13 56.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: It’s my job, sir; take care of the
dialog: wounded.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Not these wounded.
text: BOOM! Smitty shoots the wounded Japanese soldier at such
text: close range that flecks of blood spatter Desmond.
text: Glover has already begun to walk off. Smitty looks at
dialog: Desmond.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: He’s all yours now.
scene_heading: EXT. OKINAWA FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Nervous sentries guard the farmhouse perimeter in two man
text: foxholes. It’s pitch black out and the night is foggy, even
text: further obscuring vision.
scene_heading: INT. OKINAWA FARMHOUSE - SAME
text: Those men not on duty - including Smitty - sit together and
dialog: eat dinner or smoke.
text: Desmond sits by himself, ignored by the rest of the company,
text: eating cold K rations.
text: The door opens and another soldier, Schecter, enters.
text: Schecter is clearly a veteran; he looks ragged and beat but
text: he has a warm, engaging manner. He carries the equipment of
text: a medic but wears none of the identifying insignia. Irv
text: glances around until he spots Desmond and then comes over to
text: him, hand extended.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: You Doss? Irv Schecter out of the
dialog: 96th. You and me are the only
dialog: medics they got now in this area so
dialog: it looks like we’re gonna be
dialog: working together.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: The 96th? You just come off the
dialog: line?
text: Schecter barely nods, ignoring Smitty, and hands Desmond a
text: medical supply package which Desmond starts to open.
dialog: 3.4.13 57.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: What’s it like up there?
text: Schecter finally turns to face Smitty. He considers hima
text: minute, something flinty in his gaze that makes even Smitty
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: “Hacksaw Ridge.” That’s where it’s
dialog: all happening right now. They
dialog: threw us off it six times and after
dialog: the last time there wasn’t anything
dialog: left of the 96th.
text: Smitty and the rest of the men are silent. Desmond now has
text: the package open to reveal bandages and surgical dressings -
text: which are all brown instead of white.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Are these bandages OK?
text: Irv turns back to Desmond.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: They're sterile, if that’s what you
dialog: mean. We started out using regular
text: white bandages but they show up too
dialog: easy and the Japs deliberately
dialog: target the wounded. And take off
dialog: all your Red Cross markings and put
dialog: some tape over your helmet. Japs
dialog: put a premium on shooting medics.
text: They’11l let a whole squad go by
dialog: just to get a clean shot at one of
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: ‘Cause they’re animals. I’ve seen
dialog: them fake being wounded, calling
dialog: out “Medic!” just to lure you in.
dialog: Then...
text: Schecter makes a slashing motion across his throat.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER (cont'd)
dialog: There isn’t any Geneva convention
dialog: out there. There aren’t any rules
dialog: at all.
text: The men all look at one another. Schecter hands Desmond a
text: roll of black tape.
dialog: 3.4.13 58.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD HEADING SOUTH - DAY
dialog: It's a very different Company on the march today. Several
dialog: men have been killed or wounded and the true nature of the
text: abyss which yawns before them has been glimpsed. Desmond
text: glances up at the terrain around them.
text: They are crossing an open valley, half a mile wide. A series
text: of gradual slopes lead to their ultimate objective up ahead:
text: a long, high rocky escarpment:
speaker_heading: HACKSAW RIDGE
text: The jagged Ridge runs west, to their right, all the way to
text: the sea. The top of the ridge is protected by a SHEER CLIFF
text: which is 70 feet high.
text: At the eastern end of the ridge, to the Company’s left, is a
text: series of sharp ROCK PINNACLES, 480-500 feet tall, which
text: dominate the entire formation.
text: With the sun behind it, throwing its enormous shadow out
text: towards the men, the entire structure feels oppressive and
dialog: malevolent.
text: The Company has stopped - every man in it absorbing their
text: first glance of the obstacle ahead.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Let's go!
text: The Company reluctantly begins to move forward.
text: They come upon the first of several unburied JAPANESE CORPSES-
text: -bloated, decomposing bodies drawing clouds of flies. Their
text: faces are stretched tight, jaws open, as if the dead are
text: still screaming.
text: A cloud-like dread begins to descend on the men.
text: Desmond notices the FOOTPRINTS of Rennelli in front of him.
text: The stream trickling down the middle of the road is changing
text: color, getting redder. Blood red.
text: And then it dawns on Desmond that the ground is so SATURATED
text: WITH BLOOD that they are literally walking through a stream
dialog: of it.
text: As every man comes to the same shocking realization.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: Is that...? It’s not a stream,
dialog: it’s blood!
dialog: 3.4.13 59.
speaker_heading: RENNELLI
dialog: (crossing himself)
dialog: Lord have mercy.
scene_heading: EXT. 1ST BATTALION LINES - DAY
dialog: Titles: April 24, 1945. First Assault.
text: The First Battalion’s lines are 50 yards from the northern
text: edge of the Ridge, running from the Pinnacle rocks on the
text: left, to about 500 yards to the right.
text: Up close, the Ridge is an even more rugged barrier, actually
text: an ancient coral reef. Rain and wind erosion have carved
text: innumerable gullies, caves, and holes in the cliff face. Two
text: weeks of combat have left their mark as well. Whatever trees
text: or shrubbery once existed here, all that remains now are
text: blasted, charred stumps and blackened craters.
text: The men of the Company B have found shelter wherever they can
text: - some in natural defensive positions among the rocks, others
dialog: in foxholes they have scraped out themselves, or that were
text: left by the 96th.
scene_heading: EXT. 1ST PLATOON COMMAND POST/AID STATION - SAME
text: Captain Glover has set up his Command Post with the platoon’s
text: critical communication gear in a hole between two huge rocks
text: on the lower side of the hill. In front, charred logs have
text: been piled up and covered with dirt for extra protection.
text: Twenty yards behind the CP and dug in behind another pile of
text: rocks is the MEDICAL RECEIVING STATION, the first stop in the
dialog: chain of medical care for evacuated casualties.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY COMMAND POST - SAME
text: Captain Glover has the NCOs, Squad Leaders, and Medics
text: gathered around while he goes over the plan of battle.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: The enemy will be softened up by a
text: mortar and artillery barrage. At
dialog: 1700 hours, when those shadows give
dialog: us some cover on the face,
dialog: Companies B and A will assault the
text: ridge. A will take the pinnacles on
dialog: our left, while we seize the
text: section of the ridge directly in
text: front of us.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 3.4.13 60.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont'd)
dialog: The two companies will then link up
dialog: on top and establish a new
dialog: defensive perimeter which we will
dialog: hold at all costs.
text: Glover hesitates.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: We need Okinawa as a staging area
dialog: for the invasion of Japan but the
dialog: entire movement of the Army has
dialog: been held up, right here. Our Navy
text: is stuck off the coast getting hit
text: by Kamikaze attacks and losing a
dialog: ship and a half a day. Hacksaw
dialog: Ridge is the key to their defences.
dialog: We take Hacksaw, we get Okinawa.
dialog: We get Okinawa, we take Japan. So
dialog: the sooner we get this done, the
dialog: sooner we can all go home.
dialog: Questions?
text: The men are silent.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: OK. See you on top.
text: Everyone start to leave.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: Doss.
text: Desmond returns. Glover waits until they are alone.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: That damn ridge has cost us so many
dialog: Americans we don’t even have an
dialog: accurate count yet. When we
dialog: attack, the only hope any man has
dialog: of surviving is to kill every Jap
text: he sees without hesitation.
dialog: Whatever nonsense you believe, you
dialog: keep it to yourself--and do your
dialog: job. You understand me?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY B LINES - 1700 HOURS
text: The men wait nervously in their positions, checking their
text: weapons and ammunitions. Some men have short six foot
text: LADDERS and heavy CLIMBING ROPES with GRAPPLING HOOKS.
dialog: 3.4.13 61.
text: Over their heads, U.S. mortars and artillery shells arc in
text: and explode on top of the Ridge.
text: As medics, Desmond and Schecter wait the standard 10-15 feet
text: behind the men. They will follow the attack from this
text: position so they can better see when someone goes down.
text: Schecter goes over his supplies obsessively.
text: Desmond closes his eyes and says a silent prayer. Several of
text: the other men notice. Desmond whispers “Amen” and takes his
text: New Testament from his pocket, running his fingers over its
dialog: cover.
text: Suddenly, the artillery barrage stops. Desmond opens his
text: eyes and nervously tucks his Bible away in his breast pocket.
text: Captain Glover looks at his watch. It’s time. He hand
text: signals the “go ahead” to his squad leaders.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF FACE - SAME
text: With the SCOUTS, including Chief, leading the way, the men
text: move as fast and as silently as they can, scrambling over the
text: rubble at the base of the Ridge, hand over hand. This is not
dialog: the Charge of the Light Brigade. Every man is utterly
text: terrified and is forcing himself to move forward by a sheer
dialog: act of will.
text: TWO TEAMS set up ladders against the cliff face.
text: Immediately, two men with ropes climb to the top of the
text: ladders and toss their grappling hooks onto the lip of the
text: Ridge, trying to grab a secure hold.
text: Surprisingly there is little enemy resistance--only some
text: sniping and a few knee mortar rounds. One soldier goes down.
text: Desmond hurries towards the wounded soldier when a mortar
text: round lands nearby on the rocks. A handful of razor-sharp
text: shards of limestone smack Desmond in the right side, spinning
text: him around, and knocking him down to the ground!
text: Desmond’s hand and face are bleeding. He looks in wonder at
text: his own blood - half terrified at how close the shell was and
text: half delighted at the modest nature of his injury.
text: Desmond wipes the blood off on his own shirt, and plunges
text: back towards the line.
text: The soldiers swarm up the cliff face and finally onto the top
text: of the Ridge which is revealed to be a small plateau.
dialog: 3.4.13 62.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF FACE - TEN MINUTES LATER
text: Desmond hauls himself up the last few feet of rope and
dialog: onto...
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU LIP - CONTINUOUS
dialog: The edge here is maybe fifteen feet wide and two to six feet
text: deep. Dotted with boulders and stumps of shattered trees, it
text: rises up towards the plateau in a small BERM. This tiny
text: protected area is all the shelter the plateau offers.
text: Captain Glover and the rest of the men are huddled behind the
text: berm, peering cautiously over the edge.
text: Desmond reaches them just as Glover gives the signal to move
text: forward across the berm and onto...
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN PLATEAU - CONTINUOUS
text: The plateau, seemingly open, is actually crisscrossed by
text: numerous cunningly hidden small RAVINES and GULLIES, and
text: still smoking from the pre-assault bombardment. There are no
text: Japanese forces or defensive structures visible. That
text: doesn’t mean they aren’t there. As Glover and his men move
text: out into the open, all hell breaks loose.
text: HEAVY MACHINE GUN FIRE from three cleverly camouflaged
text: positions rakes the top of the plateau.
text: Simultaneously, there is a shower of HAND GRENADES from
text: individual Japanese Soldiers hidden in natural folds and man-
text: made trenches in the ground, or popping out of camouflaged
dialog: “Spider Holes.”
text: Japanese KNEE MORTARS, 81 MM MORTARS, and even 47 MM guns
text: launched from positions hidden in the rear of the Ridge - the
dialog: “Reverse Slope” - fall among the Americans with devastating
dialog: results.
text: The Company responds with their own grenades, carbines, and
text: BAR but the enemy is so well hidden it’s hard to find a
text: target. Immediately, the Company starts taking casualties.
text: In front of Desmond, a SOLDIER takes the full blast from a
text: Japanese mortar shell and is tossed up into the air and
text: backwards, slamming into the ground.
text: Desmond launches himself over the berm and runs to the downed
text: man, ignoring the firing and explosions all around him. The
text: man has lost both his legs from the knees down.
dialog: 3.4.13 63.
text: Schecter runs past Desmond and glances down at the wounded
text: soldier. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: Waste of time! Come on!
text: The wounded soldier grabs Desmond's arm.
scene_heading: WOUNDED SOLDIER
dialog: Don’t leave me! Please, God, don’t
dialog: leave me!
text: Desmond leans close to the soldier - he can’t be more than
dialog: nineteen.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I’m not going anywhere! What’s
dialog: your name?
text: Desmond quickly injects the soldier with morphine and ties a
text: tourniquet around the stumps of his legs.
scene_heading: WOUNDED SOLDIER
dialog: S.s..s..Stevens. Private J.
dialog: Stevens.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Where you from, Private Stevens?
scene_heading: WOUNDED SOLDIER
dialog: Buffalo.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: That's near Niagara Falls, right?
dialog: Always wanted to see that. OK,
dialog: I’ve got to get you off of here.
dialog: Arms around my neck; hold on now!
text: Desmond picks up the Wounded Soldier and carries him to the
text: cliff edge. Desmond looks down.
text: It’s seventy feet straight down. It didn’t seem so far
text: climbing up but it looks like the bottom of the Grand Canyon
dialog: from here.
text: Desmond wraps a bandage around his right hand and grabs one
text: of the climbing ropes, while he simultaneously tries to
text: secure the soldier with his left hand.
text: Suddenly, there is an ear-splitting ROAR, like a freight
text: train approaching, moving down towards him. Desmond looks up
dialog: to see...
dialog: 3.4.13 64.
text: A huge JAPANESE SPIGOT MORTAR SHELL, the size of a garbage
text: can, stuffed with twenty pounds of high explosives, arcing
text: down directly towards him.
text: Desmond looks around in terror. To jump from the cliff would
text: kill both him and his patient. Desmond pushes the Wounded
text: Soldier down and covers him with his own body...
text: The shell passes within six inches of Desmond and lands at
text: the base of the cliff - and fails to go off!
text: Desmond shudders with relief.
text: Shakily, Desmond secures the wounded Soldier, grabs the rope
text: with his one free hand, and using his feet to slow his
text: descent, jumps off the cliff and slides down the rope.
dialog: Desmond can’t control their motion very well and the rope
text: begins to swing, throwing them into the cliff face. Desmond
text: tries to put himself between the rock and the wounded
dialog: Soldier.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - BASE OF CLIFF - CONTINUOUS
text: Bruised and battered, Desmond reaches the bottom; terra firma
text: never felt so good. The Spigot Mortar Shell that missed them
text: is sticking out of the mud - somehow it had landed on its
text: back and thus failed to explode. Desmond has to steady
dialog: himself at the thought of how close he came to dying but he
dialog: has a job to do:
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
speaker_heading: STRETCHER!
text: A FOUR MAN STRETCHER team races out from their position
text: hidden in the rocks and grabs the wounded soldier.
text: Desmond runs alongside as the Stretcher Bearers carry the
text: soldier back through their own lines towards the...
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY AID STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: .+-where a DOCTOR is already treating incoming casualties.
text: He glances at the wounded Soldier with a critical eye.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Plasma!
text: Desmond watches while the Doctor goes to work. He glances up
text: at Desmond, gesturing furiously at the soldier’s mangled
dialog: legs.
dialog: 3.4.13 65.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (cont'd)
dialog: You ever hear of triage? He won't
dialog: last a day! And if he does, he
dialog: won’t thank you!
dialog: (to an assistant)
dialog: GET ME SOME PLASMA OVER HERE!
text: Desmond stumbles out of the aid station and back towards the
text: Escarpment. He stops in shock as he sees the rest of Company
text: B scrambling down off Hacksaw Ridge in a frantic, helpless
text: retreat. It is utter chaos.
scene_heading: EXT. FOXHOLE BELOW THE RIDGE - NIGHT
text: As Japanese mortars sporadically lay down harassment fire
text: Desmond crouches in his foxhole looking through his K Ration
text: packages for his dinner options: “Ham and Egg”, “Beef”, “Ham
text: and Cheese.” All meat. Resigned to going hungry, he pulls
text: the single hardtack cracker out of his kit and munches on it
text: slowly, washing it down with water from his canteen.
text: Smitty comes sprinting over and jumps into Desmond’s foxhole.
text: Desmond is surprised, but pleased at his company. For his
text: part, Smitty is trying to put on a good face but clearly,
text: he’s unnerved by their first combat experience.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Not here to be sociable. Captain
dialog: wants all the medics to have a
text: rifleman with them at night, in
dialog: case one of those Jap infiltration
dialog: teams gets through. I drew the
dialog: short straw.
text: As Smitty talks, he nervously lays out his weapons: he jabs
text: his K-bar knife into the ground for quick access alongside
text: his pistol, his carbine, an extra magazine, and two grenades.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: I couldn't see them up there! It
dialog: was like they were invisible or
dialog: something. You knew they were
dialog: there because they were tearing us
dialog: up, but you couldn’t see them.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Camouflage, I guess.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Like ghosts. You gonna eat that?
dialog: 3.4.13 66.
text: Desmond shakes his head and Smitty snatches the Beef package,
text: rips it open, and stuffs it in his mouth.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: Mortars are the worst. I hate the
dialog: way they sound coming in on you but
dialog: Jones told me that it’s the one you
dialog: don’t hear that kills you. I think
dialog: Grease wet himself. He wasn’t the
dialog: only one.
dialog: (slight hesitation)
dialog: Noticed you were talking to
dialog: yourself plenty, going up.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
text: Praying.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Never been too big on church and
dialog: stuff like that.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Don’t need church to pray. Don’t
dialog: need anything. It’s just...you
dialog: talking to God.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Uh-huh. He ever talk back?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Not like this. More just a feeling
dialog: of being heard. Safe.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Safe?
text: Smitty looks around at the desolate landscape.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: That'd be a good trick.
text: Smitty clearly seems to be struggling with something. After
text: a moment of hesitation he reaches into his pocket and hands
dialog: something to Desmond.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: Here.
text: Desmond looks down to find the photo of Dorothy that Smitty
text: had stolen from him earlier in his hands. It’s torn in some
text: places and dirty in others, but the sight of Dorothy brings
text: an almost forgotten comfort to Desmond in that dark place.
dialog: 3.4.13 67.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: I never felt good about taking it.
dialog: And never could throw it away.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: smitty...
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Don’t think this means we’re square
dialog: or nothing. You’re still weird to
dialog: me. But... you did good today.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY COMMAND POST - DAWN
text: Glover addresses the Squad Leaders and Medics.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: OK, I know we got our asses handed
dialog: to us but at least we’ve got a
dialog: better sense of what’s on top. The
dialog: Japs have built a three Bunker
text: system in a triangle formation
dialog: towards the southeast corner. We
dialog: neutralize those bunkers and we
dialog: should be able to roll over the
dialog: ridge.
scene_heading: SGT. JONES
dialog: We're too slow putting men and
dialog: supplies up there the way we did it
dialog: yesterday. Not to mention getting
dialog: our casualties down.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Yeah. I asked the Navy for some
dialog: heavy cargo nets. I figure we can
dialog: attach them to those tree stumps up
dialog: on the lip and move our men up a
dialog: heck of a lot faster. Gonna need
dialog: volunteers to tie those nets up.
text: There is silence. The men avoid looking at one another.
text: Finally, Desmond raises his hand.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I’1l go.
text: A moment, as the men take this in. Then Smitty raises his
text: hand, followed by Sgt. Jones.
dialog: 3.4.13 68.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE RIDGE - DAWN
text: Desmond, Smitty, and Jones wait in the relative security of
text: the foot of the cliff. Each man ties a rope to his waist,
text: the end of which is secured to one end of two cargo nets
text: lashed together. Finished, the men pick up their climbing
text: ropes with the grappling hooks. They’re ready.
text: Glover notices a COMBAT PRESS team approaching.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: COMBAT PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: For the folks back home.
text: Glover shakes his head and nods at his three rope men.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Smile pretty for the camera,
dialog: fellas.
text: Desmond, Smitty and Jones force themselves to smile for the
dialog: photographer.
text: Glover signals and his men prop three makeshift ladders up
text: against the cliff face. Desmond and the two others begin to
text: climb as fast as they can while the ropes attached to them
text: are carefully played out.
text: The other soldiers in the unit watch in surprise and even
text: admiration as Desmond scoots up the ladder, all the while
text: mumbling a prayer. He leaves Smitty and Jones struggling
text: slowly behind.
text: Near the top, Desmond throws his grappling hook up and
text: secures a hold, then hoists himself, hand by hand, up over
dialog: the...
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU LIP - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Being sure to keep his head down beneath the height of the
text: berm, Desmond quickly removes the rope from his waist and
text: loops it around a thick tree stump.
text: Lying back on the ground, feet braced against the stump,
text: Desmond pulls with all his might to hoist the cargo net up
text: the cliff face. By this time, both Smitty and Jones are on
text: either side of him, pulling up their loads. From below,
dialog: Desmond can hear Glover call:
dialog: 3.4.13 69.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Tie it off!
text: Desmond wraps the line around the tree trunk one last turn
text: for extra measure and then secures it with a knot. He moves
text: to the edge of the cliff and looks down.
dialog: He is fearless.
text: Below him the Photographer is clicking away. Smitty joins
text: Desmond, grinning and posing for the camera.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Like frickin’ Iwo Jima!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Alright, ladies, get down offa
dialog: there before you get your movie
text: star asses shot to pieces.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY COMMAND POST - DAY
text: Glover lays out the refined attack plan for the squad
text: leaders, medics, and the Combat Press Team. On the ground in
text: front of him, Glover has constructed a crude diagram of the
text: plateau using twigs and stones.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Company A will start the assault on
text: the pinnacles to draw their focus
text: and then we head up under covering
text: mortar fire to keep the Japs pinned
dialog: down. Soon as we’re in position,
text: we pour in small arms fire while
text: the Demo Squad gets close enough to
text: toss in a satchel charge on the
text: main bunker. Bunker blows, we move
text: in fast on the other two, just like
dialog: we trained it. Questions? All
dialog: right, lets--
text: Tex raises his hand.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Sir... I'd like Doss to pray for us
dialog: before we go up.
text: Glover is stunned, but no more surprised then Desmond.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: “Pray for us?”
dialog: 3.4.13 70.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: The Company.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: You gotta problem with that, Doss?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Well - I guess it can’t hurt.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE RIDGE - DAY
text: Beneath the overhang, every man in Company B has assembled
text: for the assault. Above them, Army mortars are continuously
text: blasting the top of the ridge.
dialog: Titles: Second Assault on Hacksaw Ridge.
text: Glover gestures unenthusiastically to Desmond who removes his
text: helmet and kneels, as do Tex and some of the other men.
text: Smitty hangs back but he watches everything closely.
text: Desmond himself is nervous; this is not something he wants to
dialog: do, or is comfortable with.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Lord. We pray - that you give our
dialog: officers here, especially Captain
dialog: Glover, wisdom in knowing how to
dialog: give his orders because our lives
dialog: are in his charge. Give us wisdom
dialog: and the...the help we need in
dialog: taking all the precautions we can,
dialog: and if it be Your Will, we all come
text: back alive. Amen.
text: Desmond looks around. To his surprise, all the men seem
text: focused in their prayers. Several of them echo his “Amen”
text: with unusual conviction. Glover looks around at his Company
text: and nods. For better or worse - it’s time.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: OK. Let's go.
text: The men of Company B begin rapidly climbing up the cargo nets
dialog: and scale the cliff. Reaching...
dialog: 3.4.13 71.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU LIP - DAY
text: Careful to stay below the berm, they crawl on their hands and
text: knees and spread out along the edge of the cliff in good
dialog: order.
text: Desmond watches as Captain Glover quietly signals over the
text: radio to the mortar teams below. Almost immediately, the
text: Mortar barrage stops.
text: That’s the signal for Company B to attack. As one, the men
text: throw grenades over the berm and then rise up and begin a
text: concentrated FIRE across the plateau.
text: Smitty focuses his BAR on the MAIN BUNKER while...
text: The DEMO MAN crawls out onto the plateau, beneath the bullets
text: of his own men, carrying a twenty pound satchel charge of
text: dynamite. When he is within ten feet of the Main Bunker, he
text: pulls the fuse and throws his satchel on top of the bunker.
text: There is a tremendous EXPLOSION, blowing a hole in the Bunker
dialog: roof.
text: As the men are waiting for the dust to clear--
text: A SNIPER SHOT hits Schecter in the leg. He yells once and
text: falls. Immediately, Desmond kneels beside him.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: Oh, man, that hurts! How bad?
text: Desmond looks down at Irv’s leg and sees a severe, but
text: survivable entrance wound. The exit wound, however, is much
dialog: worse.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Million dollar wound, Irv. You're
dialog: going home.
text: Desmond starts to give Schecter a morphine injection.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: No--No morphine. I’m good! Save
dialog: it for somebody who needs it.
text: Desmond hesitates a moment, considering how tightly to wrap
text: the tourniquet. He glances at the wound once more and wraps
text: a loose tourniquet around Schecter’s leg as a Stretcher Team
text: hurries up alongside. They pick up Schecter and carry him
text: off; Schecter gives Desmond the thumbs up as he goes.
dialog: 3.4.13 72.
text: Glover gestures and then leads a charge of the entire
text: Company, yelling and screaming... Desmond hurries after his
dialog: Company as they race--
scene_heading: ACROSS THE PLATEAU
text: ...towards the now vulnerable bunker.
text: Several men toss grenades into the hole. Within the bunker,
text: explosions shudder the ground in rapid succession. SCREAMS
text: echo up from inside.
text: A soldier releases a searing blast of LIQUID FIRE from his
text: flame-thrower into the Bunker’s gun port and the screams
text: inside intensify.
text: Having demolished the Main Bunker, the Company splits into
text: TWO PRE-ASSIGNED TEAMS and each team attacks one of the two
text: remaining bunkers with grenades, satchel charges, and
text: flamethrowers. The Company sweeps the Ridge - victorious.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE RIDGE - DAY
text: Desmond climbs down the cargo net to find a group of his
text: fellow soldiers waiting for him. The men smile at him and
text: pat and touch his shoulder affectionately.
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: Heya, Doss!/Thanks, buddy!/ Way to
dialog: pray./Bless you, man./You saved us!
text: Desmond smiles tightly and nods--uncomfortable with their
dialog: praise.
scene_heading: INT. MEDIC STATION - AFTERNOON
text: The usual chaos as overworked doctors and nurses tend to the
text: newly wounded. Desmond glances around and grabs a passing
dialog: surgeon.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: What happened to Schecter--medic in
dialog: company B? He came in just as we
dialog: started the assault.
text: The Surgeon looks at Desmond and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: He wasn’t hurt that bad!
dialog: 3.4.13 73.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
text: The tourniquet must’ve come loose,
text: he was bleeding profusely, went
dialog: into shock. At least you gave him
dialog: morphine.
text: Desmond's face drains.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: He didn’t want any.
text: The surgeon moves on, hurried. Desmond is devastated, guilt-
text: ridden for letting his friend die in pain.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B COMMAND POST - EVENING
text: Captain Glover is on the radio with his superior officer,
text: Lt. Colonel Cooney, at First Battalion HQ.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Company B accomplished its
dialog: objective today and we have secured
text: a foothold on the plateau.
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NECESSARY--
scene_heading: INT. FIRST BATTALION HQ - LT. COONEY’S TENT - EVENING
text: LT. COONEY, an overweight but powerful man sits uncomfortably
text: in his tent, a map engulfing the table in front of him. As
text: he hears this news, he relaxes slightly.
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL COONEY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Well done, Captain. Casualties?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Just one, sir.
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL COONEY
dialog: Repeat please.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: We had one casualty, sir.
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL COONEY
dialog: Company A on your left was
dialog: decimated and you had only one
dialog: casualty? Are you sure you
dialog: attacked the right ridge?
dialog: 3.4.13
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL COONEY
dialog: Well, what the heck did you boys do
dialog: differently out there today?
scene_heading: EXT. DOSS/SMITTY FOXHOLE, THE PLATEAU - NIGHT
dialog: 74.
text: Desmond and Smitty are carefully heating a cup of coffee over
text: the flame of their burning K-ration wrappers. Smitty is
text: starting to relax around Desmond.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: So what’s next? I’ve got a canteen
dialog: of water here you could turn to
dialog: wine if you want.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: It wasn’t me; I didn’t do anything.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Yeah. It was God or whatever, but
dialog: you prayed him down.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: He’s not a-- a faucet you turn off
text: and on. He doesn’t come running
dialog: when I whistle, it doesn’t work
dialog: that way.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: You know what? You’re a real pain
dialog: in the ass! You’re all Holy Joe
dialog: when we're stomping you but then
dialog: when we’re on your side that
dialog: doesn’t make you feel good either!
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (very quietly)
dialog: Irv died.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Schecter? What happened?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I screwed up.
dialog: 3.4.13 75.
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND THE COMMAND POST - NIGHT
text: Engineers are cutting SHEETS OF TIN with metal snips and
text: bending them around empty artillery shells to make long U-
text: SHAPED SECTIONS. Other Engineers connect the sections into
text: six-foot-long units using a hand punch and metal brads for
text: fasteners. There’s something medieval about the image, like
text: blacksmiths preparing strange Gothic siege equipment.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY COMMAND POST - SAME
text: Captain Glover’s primitive map diagram reflects the day’s
dialog: success and tomorrow’s objective.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Every man should take pride in what
dialog: we did today. Company B achieved
dialog: something that no other unit in the
dialog: 381st or the 307th has managed in
dialog: the last four weeks.
text: There are murmurs of satisfaction among the men. Some
text: whistle quietly, or nudge each other in approval. Only
text: Desmond is quiet.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: It looks like we broke the back of
text: Hacksaw’s defensive line. However,
text: Chief noticed a cave opening hidden
text: behind those three pillboxes.
dialog: There’s some speculation that this
dialog: may lead to the heart of the
dialog: Japanese fortifications.
scene_heading: SGT. JONES
dialog: It’s too big for satchel charges.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Exactly. So I’ve got Engineering
dialog: building us a metal trough we can
dialog: carry up in sections and assemble
dialog: on top. I figure we poke the end
dialog: of the trough into that cave and
dialog: pour a dozen Jerry cans of gasoline
dialog: and diesel fuel down their throats--
text: and then throw in a phosphorus
dialog: grenade or two.
scene_heading: SGT. JONES
dialog: Fry the sumbitches.
text: The men nod, spoiling for revenge.
dialog: 3.4.13 76.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Any luck, we'll be done with
dialog: Hacksaw Ridge by tomorrow afternoon
text: and headed to the coast.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PLATEAU - DESMOND & SMITTY’S FOXHOLE - NIGHT
text: Both men are crouched in their foxhole, waiting for first
text: light. Desmond whispers...
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: You hear something?
text: Smitty shakes his head but he lifts his gun. Both men lean
text: forward but the darkness is impenetrable.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: May be just a rat.
text: There is another SOUND now, clear to both men, off to their
text: left. Smitty slides a round into the chamber of his rifle.
text: Suddenly, they are swarmed by JAPANESE SOLDIERS! Smitty
text: shoots one but the second soldier bayonets him in the gut.
text: Desmond ducks a savage thrust from a third soldier and
text: clobbers him in the side of the head with his metal helmet.
text: Desmond tries to get to Smitty but another soldier steps
text: between them and fires his gun so close that the heat of the
text: blast scorches the side of Desmond's face. Desmond grabs the
text: barrel and pulls the Jap soldier forward, swinging his elbow
text: wildly into the man’s face and shattering his nose.
text: Desmond gets hit in the back and knocked to the ground. His
text: fingers search blindly for any kind of weapon and he finds a
text: broken rifle in the mud. He staggers to his feet, swinging
text: the rifle like a bat but a JAPANESE OFFICER steps forward,
text: pistol extended, pointed at Desmond’s heart.
text: Without thinking, Desmond raises his rifle but a FLARE goes
text: off overhead, bathing the battlefield in a eerie green light
text: and in that split-second Desmond realizes that the Japanese
text: Officer looks weirdly familiar...
text: He looks like - no, he is - Desmond’s Father! Tom Doss smiles
text: at Desmond as he pulls the trigger and the bullet tears into
text: Desmond’s chest and...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
dialog: 3.4.13 77.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU FOXHOLE - NIGHT
text: Desmond wakes up in a cold sweat; his heart pounding. He is
text: back in his foxhole on top of the Ridge at night. Smitty
text: sits across from him, smoking a cigarette and carefully
text: cupping the burning ember so as not to give away their
text: position. Desmond breathes deeply. Shudders.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: Hell of a dream.
text: Desmond nods. Drinks some water from his canteen. Rubs his
text: stiff neck. Smitty’s rifle is propped up within easy reach
text: and Desmond finds he can’t take his eyes off it. Smitty
text: notices; picks the rifle up.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: It won’t bite, you know.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Yes, it will.
text: Desmond takes a breath.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (cont'd)
dialog: My dad was a drunk. He fought it
dialog: for years but it got ahold of him
dialog: hard. Made him mean.
text: Desmond pauses. And Smitty knows he’s hearing a raw story.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: How mean?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: He use to beat me and my brother
dialog: just because the sun rose and about
dialog: as often. I could take that. But
dialog: when he laid his hand on my
dialog: momma...
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOSS HOUSE - FRONT PORCH - EVENING
text: Bertha sits on the front step, SOBBING, one hand to her
text: bloodied face. Eight year old Desmond huddles beside her,
text: protectively, one arm around her shoulder.
text: In the yard, Tom argues violently with Bertha’s brother,
text: UNCLE ARTHUR. Both men are drunk and angry.
dialog: 3.4.13 78.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Get your damn nose out of my
dialog: business! You hear me?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Touch my sister again, and see what
dialog: happens.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: GET OUTTA HERE!
text: Tom swings at Arthur, catching him off-guard, but Arthur
text: comes roaring back with a flurry of punches which drive Tom
text: stumbling backwards. Tom trips and falls.
text: Arthur kicks at him but Tom grabs Arthur’s foot and brings
text: the bigger man down. They roll over and over across the
text: yard, punching and gouging.
text: Tom staggers to his feet and pulls a PISTOL out of his jacket
text: pocket! Bertha leaps up.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
speaker_heading: TOM! DON’T!
text: With no thought for her own safety, Bertha throws herself
text: between the two men.
text: Desmond watches from the porch, an eight-year-old boy, frozen
dialog: with fear.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Momma !
text: Tom’s hand is shaking but he continues to hold the gun out in
text: front of him - now pointed directly at Bertha. She moves
text: towards Tom, her eyes never leaving his face.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: Give me that gun, Tom. Please.
dialog: Give it here, before somebody gets
dialog: hurt.
text: Tom hesitates. In the distance, there is the SOUND of an
text: approaching Police Siren.
speaker_heading: BERTHA (cont'd)
dialog: You kill him, and they’1l hang you
dialog: for sure. You know they will.
text: Tom’s courage deserts him and he hands the gun over to
dialog: Bertha.
dialog: 3.4.13 79.
speaker_heading: BERTHA (cont'd)
dialog: Desmond! You take this and get rid
dialog: of it somewhere. Throw it in the
dialog: river!
text: Desmond runs over and takes the gun from Bertha.
speaker_heading: BERTHA (cont'd)
dialog: Go on, now! Hurry before the
dialog: police get here!
text: Desmond takes off running.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATEAU FOXHOLE - RETURN TO PRESENT
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: You throw it away?
dialog: This is very hard for Desmond; he’s never told anybody this
dialog: before. Ever.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: That’s what I told my momma.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: What’d you really do?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Hid it. In the woods.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: How come?
scene_heading: EXT. DOSS HOUSE - FRONT YARD - THE PAST
text: Desmond returns back to the house just as the POLICE load his
text: handcuffed father into a police car in front of gawking
dialog: neighbors.
text: Bertha is weeping, hugging Tom, but he ignores her. Over her
text: shoulder, Tom can see Desmond, watching his father’s public
text: shame - and he glares maliciously at his son.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (V.O.)
dialog: Because I was going to need it to
dialog: kill my daddy.
scene_heading: INT. DOSS HOUSE - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Bertha stands outside the bathroom door. From inside, there
text: are the SOUNDS of sharp blows.
dialog: 3.4.13 80.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: Tom! Please. Stop it!
scene_heading: INT. DOSS HOUSE - BATHROOM - SAME
text: Inside the bathroom, Tom brutally whips Desmond with his
dialog: razor strop.
speaker_heading: BERTHA (0.C.)
dialog: Tom, you’re gonna kill the boy!
speaker_heading: TOM!
text: Desmond grits his teeth - he won’t give his father the
text: satisfaction of crying out - but he can’t stop the tears that
text: are running down his face.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
text: Finally released, Desmond runs through the woods, the tears
text: drying on his fierce face, his eyes blazing.
text: He reaches an old gnarled Oak Tree and falls to his knees.
text: He digs inside a hollow in the roots and extracts a weathered
text: cigar box and reaches inside to pull out - his father’s gun.
text: Desmond examines the gun in the fading light. The weight of
text: it feels good in his hands. The intricacies of the mechanism
dialog: itself are appealing. And in its power to distribute
text: Justice, in its God-like power of life and death - it is a
dialog: beautiful thing.
scene_heading: INT. DOSS HOUSE - EVENING
text: Desmond enters his house and moves up the stairs. He stops
text: on the landing. From his parents’ room he can hear their
text: voices. Desmond pushes open the door to...
scene_heading: INT. DOSS HOUSE - PARENTS’ BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: His mother sits at her vanity table, brushing her hair. Tom
text: paces back and forth behind Bertha, berating her.
speaker_heading: TOM DOSS
dialog: Spare the rod and spoil the child!
dialog: Isn’t that what that church of
dialog: yours preaches?! Well that boy’s
dialog: spoiled rotten and it’s about time--
text: He stops when Desmond enters.
dialog: 3.4.13 81.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What do you want?
text: Desmond raises the gun. Tom’s eyes widen in fear. The gun
text: wavers in Desmond’s trembling hand.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLATEAU FOXHOLE - RETURN TO PRESENT - NIGHT
text: Smitty leans forward in disbelief.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: You killed him?
scene_heading: INT. DOSS HOUSE - PARENTS’ BEDROOM - EVENING - THE PAST
text: Desmond stands there pointing the gun at his father while his
text: mother looks on in horror.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (V.O.)
dialog: I could’ve. God knows I wanted to.
dialog: I wanted to kill him for everything
dialog: he ever did my momma, and my
dialog: brother, and to me!
text: Then, although it takes everything Desmond has, he turns
text: around and walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. BY THE JAMES RIVER - NIGHT
text: Desmond stares at the dark waters rolling past. He throws
text: the gun into the river as far as he can.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (V.O.)
dialog: But I didn’t. And that’s when I
dialog: made a promise to God I’d never
text: touch a gun again.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATEAU FOXHOLE - NIGHT - RETURN TO PRESENT
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: It isn’t because I’m more holy than
dialog: the next guy. It isn’t because I
dialog: I’m any better. Just the opposite.
dialog: 3.4.13 82.
speaker_heading: SMITTY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You think--looking at all the
dialog: killing everywhere around us--you
dialog: really think there’s a God that
dialog: gives a damn about us?
text: Desmond looks at him. Smitty is serious. Desmond nods.
speaker_heading: SMITTY (cont'd)
dialog: That'd really be something if it
dialog: was true. Wouldn’t it?
text: A Japanese mortar round lands ten yards away, scattering
text: debris and shrapnel over both men. As other mortar shells
text: begin to fall, a JAPANESE HAND GRENADE lands close to them.
text: Smitty pushes Desmond down, grabs his B.A.R. and begins
text: spraying the field in front of them. Simultaneously, JAPANESE
text: SOLDIERS appear out of hidden spider holes and trenches not
text: only in front of, but within the American lines. It’s as if
text: they materialized out of the mud by magic.
text: A chaotic fire-fight breaks out all around Desmond and Smitty
text: as the terrified American soldiers of Company B discover that
text: the enemy is all around them. Cross fire from both sides
text: kills indiscriminately.
text: A Japanese Soldier bursts out of the darkness behind Smitty
text: and bayonets him in the back. Smitty screams. Desmond jumps
text: up and punches the Japanese soldier in the face, knocking him
text: to the ground.
text: The Japanese soldier pulls out a knife and Desmond launches
text: himself on top of the man, trying to wrestle the knife away.
text: The two roll over and over across the muddy ground. Desmond
text: manages to break the other man’s grip on the knife but the
text: soldier grabs Desmond by the throat and begins choking him.
text: Desmond is close to blacking out. He reaches out
text: desperately, trying to find something, anything. His hands
text: touch a ROCK and he manages a glancing blow on the shoulder
text: of the Japanese soldier. It’s enough to break his hold on
text: Desmond’s throat. Desmond pushes the soldier away and rolls
text: over on top of him.
text: Desmond raises the rock above his head in both hands,
text: prepared to bring it down on his enemy’s skull in a crushing
text: blow. He screams as he begins to bring the rock down but is
text: knocked off course by a nearby explosion.
text: Desmond is momentarily stunned but almost immediately picks
text: up the rock again and turns back to the Japanese soldier.
dialog: 3.4.13 83.
text: He is weeping with fury and frustration. In that one brief
text: moment, the Japanese Soldier rolls away narrowly escaping
text: Desmond's blow, staggers to his feet and runs off.
text: Desmond crawls over to Smitty but he’s too late. Smitty is
dialog: dead.
text: Desmond is utterly distraught.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU - EARLY MORNING
text: The entire area is engulfed in flame and weapons fire. All
text: over the killing field, individual fights and deaths are
text: playing out as the sun begins to peek over the horizon,
text: casting a dull red glow over ground running with blood.
text: Among it all, we find Captain Glover and his RADIO OPERATOR.
text: Glover tries to assert command and save what’s left of his
text: rapidly collapsing company.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
text: FALL BACK! FALL BACK!
text: Glover throws a smoke grenade to try and mask his troops’
text: withdrawal to the cliff’s edge. His men fire frantically at
text: an enemy who seems to be everywhere, sometimes hitting their
text: own men. Glover yells at his RADIO OPERATOR.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
text: MORTARS ON TOP! EVERYTHING WE GOT!
text: As the Radio Operator picks up his headset, a Japanese Sniper
text: bullet catches him squarely in the forehead.
text: A Second American Soldier grabs the headset and is also hit.
text: Glover reaches for the headset and a burst of machine gun
text: fire destroys the equipment and sprays shrapnel in his face
text: and chest.
text: Desmond grabs Smitty’s body by the collar of his shirt and
text: drags him back towards the safety of the cliff, some fifty
text: yards away.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - CLIFF EDGE - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Despite the horror and chaos, those American Soldiers who
text: make it back to the cliff try to set up a perimeter behind
text: the berm and return fire so that the rest of their comrades
dialog: can get off of Hacksaw.
dialog: 3.4.13 84.
text: As Desmond approaches the cliff edge, Grease frantically
text: waves him to drop down.
speaker_heading: GREASE
dialog: Get down! DOWN!
text: Desmond glances over his shoulder to see THREE JAPANESE
text: SOLDIERS, bayonets fixed on their rifles, racing towards him.
text: Desmond sprawls on the ground and Grease fires, killing two
text: of the Japanese and wounding the Third Soldier - who staggers
text: past Desmond and STABS Grease in the gut.
text: Grease drops his rifle and SCREAMS. He wraps his arms around
text: his assailant and frantic, staggers backwards and falls...
text: .»..over the edge of the cliff, screaming horribly all the way
dialog: down.
text: Desmond drags Smitty’s body to the edge of the cliff where an
text: insane scramble of men are trying to get down the cargo nets,
text: ropes, and ladders. Soldiers drop or throw their weapons
text: away. Some, desperate to the point of madness, JUMP OFF the
dialog: cliff.
text: A burst of MACHINE GUN fire kills Rennelli, not five feet
dialog: from Desmond.
text: Desmond is swept up in the confusion and terror; men are
text: falling so fast he doesn’t know where to turn. He looks DOWN
text: THE CARGO NET--offerring him escape...
text: Desmond glances back toward the retreating Americans. Any
text: man who can still move on his own is running or crawling back
text: to the cliff. Behind them, everywhere, there are dead,
text: dying, and wounded American soldiers littering the plateau.
text: Desmond is covered in sweat, mud, and blood. Shaking with
text: fear and adrenalin. Escape is just a few feet away but -
text: this is what he is here for. He takes a deep, shuddering
dialog: breath and...
text: .+..Desmond heads back, onto the killing field, passing
text: Captain Glover and the last of the rear guard as he does so.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU - DAY
text: Desmond finds a Soldier with a sucking chest wound. Desmond
text: peels away the man’s bloody uniform blouse and applies a
text: battle dressing but the strength of the panicked soldier's
text: desperate gasps for air threaten to pull the dressing further
text: into the wound.
dialog: 3.4.13 85.
text: Thinking quickly, Desmond pulls out his poncho and rips off a
text: square of plastic from the tail. Desmond puts the plastic
text: patch over the wound to seal it, and then finishes it off
text: with the bandage. It holds.
text: Desmond grabs the Soldier by the collar of his shirt and
text: drags him back to...
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - CLIFF EDGE - DAY
text: What remains of Company B’s makeshift Rear Guard is throwing
text: grenades as fast as they can out of open crates hand-carried
text: to the top.
text: Two STRETCHER BEARERS grab Desmond’s wounded soldier and
text: start down the cargo net with him. To their surprise,
text: Desmond doesn’t follow.
scene_heading: STRETCHER BEARER#1
text: COME ON! WE’VE BEEN ORDERED OFF!
dialog: GET OUTTA THERE!
text: Desmond shakes his head--no.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: LEAVE ME YOUR DRESSINGS!
text: Stretcher Bearer#1 looks at Stretcher Bearer#2.
text: The two men tear off their first aid field packs and quickly
text: disappear over the edge. Desmond grabs their kits and heads
text: back on his hands and knees onto the field of fire.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU - DAY
text: The sun is at a low angle now, throwing long shadows across
text: the top of the plateau which is clouded with smoke and dust,
text: creating a surreal world of shadows in which it is impossible
dialog: to determine friend from foe until you are almost on them.
text: Desmond manages to creep from spot to spot, relatively
text: unseen.
text: Japanese Mortar Fire still falls erratically, along with
text: individual sniping. Desmond finds another Soldier moaning on
text: the ground, his right arm mangled. Desmond applies a
text: tourniquet and starts to drag the man back. As he passes
text: another Wounded Soldier, the man cries out and tries to
text: clutch his sleeve.
scene_heading: WOUNDED SOLDIER#2
dialog: Don’t leave me!
dialog: 3.4.13 86.
text: Desmond hesitates. Then...
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I’m comin’ back.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE RIDGE - DAY
text: In the relative safety of the base of the cliff, Glover, his
text: face and chest still covered in blood, tries to get a handle
dialog: on his situation.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: How many we got down?!?
scene_heading: SGT. JONES
text: Must’a left nearly seventy-five men
dialog: up there!
text: Glover shakes his head. This is a disaster.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - CLIFF EDGE - DAY
text: Desmond drags the wounded Soldier back to the lip. He looks
text: over the edge. If he climbs down with each casualty it will
dialog: take twice as long, he’ll exhaust himself quickly, and other
dialog: men will die who might have been saved.
text: Making a quick decision, Desmond grabs one of the ropes
text: hanging over the cliff edge and pulls it up. He doubles the
text: rope and ties a bowline in it - just like he did that day in
text: basic training--a secure knot with TWO LOOPS.
text: Desmond secures the wounded man’s legs, one into each loop,
text: wraps the remaining rope around the man’s chest twice and
text: then, bracing himself against a rock, slowly lowers the man
dialog: down to...
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE RIDGE - DAY
text: ...where the two stretcher bearers are huddled on the ground
text: in exhaustion, sucking down water. To their astonishment,
text: they glance up to see the wounded soldier being lowered
text: towards them.
text: They spring into action, catching the wounded soldier by the
text: legs and gently laying him down on the ground.
scene_heading: STRETCHER BEARER#1
speaker_heading: STRETCHER!
dialog: 3.4.13 87.
text: The two men hurriedly unhook the wounded soldier and the rope
text: disappears back up the cliff.
text: Two additional Stretcher Bearers come running up with a
text: litter. Behind them is Captain Glover.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: What the hell is going on!?!?
scene_heading: STRETCHER BEARER#1
dialog: Some nut up there is dragging
text: wounded off the top.
scene_heading: STRETCHER BEARER#2
dialog: It’s that medic--Doss.
text: Glover glances up through the smoke and the dust...to see yet
text: another casualty being lowered down. Just for a moment he
text: glimpses Desmond’s face over the edge of the cliff.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Doss?! What are you doing?! Get
dialog: your ass down from there!
text: Desmond ignores him and disappears back over the edge.
text: Glover looks around, trying to figure out how to play this.
text: He gestures to a Second Radio Operator.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
text: DON'T JUST STAND THERE. CALL THE
text: MORTARS! TELL THEM TO CEASE FIRE!
speaker_heading: IMMEDIATELY!
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU - DAY
text: Desmond spots THREE WOUNDED AMERICAN SOLDIERS lying in the
text: lee of a small group of rocks which are barely keeping them
text: alive, covered as they are by overlapping lines of fire from
text: multiple Japanese positions.
text: Desmond crawls towards the soldiers, trying to use a shallow
text: depression in the terrain to get close, but a BURST of fire
text: from a Japanese machine gun pins him down.
text: Desmond tries to catch his breath, wipe the sweat out of his
text: eyes, and regain his courage.
text: He moves again towards the soldiers, and again a burst of
text: machine gun explodes around him, even closer now, shattering
text: the tip of the stones which barely cover him, and cutting him
text: with razor-sharp shards of shattered limestone.
dialog: 3.4.13 88.
text: Desmond is momentarily paralyzed with fear. He knows if he
dialog: waits any longer, he will lose what little courage he has
text: left. He carefully reaches behind and yanks out his tattered
dialog: poncho.
text: Desmond rolls over on his back and waves his poncho over the
text: top of the rocks, drawing a characteristic 6-8 round burst of
text: fire from the Jap machine gun. Then he hears it stop--
text: THE JAPANESE MACHINE GUNNERS must stop firing and reload.
text: As they reload, Desmond jumps to his feet and sprints around
text: the side of the rocks, grabs one of the wounded soldiers, and
text: drags him quickly towards the cliff’s edge.
scene_heading: INT. FIELD HOSPITAL - DAY
text: A new wave of wounded soldiers are suddenly being carried in
text: by stretcher teams. As the HEAD DOCTOR begins his
text: examination of the first man - the soldier with the sucking
text: chest wound - he glances over at the stretcher team who
dialog: brought him in.
speaker_heading: HEAD DOCTOR
dialog: Where these guys coming from?
scene_heading: STRETCHER BEARER#1
text: There’s a medic still on top.
speaker_heading: HEAD DOCTOR
dialog: On Hacksaw?
scene_heading: STRETCHER BEARER#2
dialog: Won’t come down.
text: The Head Doctor and his Nurse look at one another in
dialog: disbelief.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU - DAY
text: Desmond crawls on his hands and knees to a new position
text: behind a small limestone outcropping. Sprawled on the ground
text: beside him are the bodies of four dead Japanese soldiers,
text: killed by a mortar blast.
text: Desmond is only fifteen yards away from the remaining two
text: wounded American soldiers but they are still closely covered
text: by two Japanese machine guns.
dialog: 3.4.13 89.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - BEHIND JAPANESE LINES - SAME
text: A member of one of the machine gun units spots Desmond and
text: excitedly waves to his partner who rachets back the return on
text: his weapon and sprays Desmond's position with a quick burst.
text: Desmond hugs the ground with everything he has. The bullets
text: whistle over his head, inches away.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE WITHIN PLATEAU - SAME
text: Simultaneously, from inside one of the Japanese underground
text: firing positions hand carved out of the limestone, a JAPANESE
text: SNIPER also glimpses Desmond. He carefully slides into
text: position, his rifle poking out of a six inch wide gun port.
text: The magnified cross-hairs of his sniper scope slide over the
text: rocks until they settle on Desmond's head. Desmond ducks
dialog: down.
text: The sniper takes a breath. Only a matter of time before
text: Desmond raises his head again.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU - SAME
text: Desmond, still focused on the machine gun position (and
text: oblivious to the sniper now stalking him) racks his brains,
text: trying to think of a way to get to the two wounded men.
text: He glances at one of the dead Japanese soldiers beside him
text: and an idea forms. Desmond takes off his helmet and rips off
text: the tape hiding the Red Cross symbol. He straps his helmet
text: on the dead Japanese Soldier and then very carefully pushes
text: the dead man forward so that his head and trunk appear above
text: the rock outcropping.
text: A single shot rings out - the sniper strikes Desmond’s helmet
text: dead center. Desmond hadn’t expected that - the sniper - but
text: he has the presence of mind to fling the dead soldier out
text: from behind the rocks, to the side away from his American
text: wounded. Both Jap machine gun emplacements rake the corpse.
text: Simultaneously, Desmond rolls out the other side, rises to
text: his feet and sprints like crazy while the machine gun teams
text: reload. Desmond swoops down, grabs the second American
text: soldier by the collar, and drags him off.
dialog: 3.4.13 90.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE WITHIN PLATEAU - SAME
text: The SNIPER realizes he’s been tricked but by the time he can
text: put another round into the chamber and get his sights on
text: Desmond, the American has disappeared. The Sniper curses a
text: blue streak in Japanese, and then moves to find a better
text: vantage point.
text: The Sniper half runs, half crawls, through a SERIES OF
text: TUNNELS until he reaches...
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER GUN PORT - CAVE WITHIN PLATEAU - CONTINUOUS
text: A dead Japanese Soldier lies slumped against the port. The
text: Sniper shoves him to the floor and takes his place, rifle at
dialog: the ready...
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU - SAME
text: Desmond moves as fast as he can, darting from rock to rock,
text: dragging his wounded soldier behind him. He’s only ten yards
text: away from the edge of the cliff.
scene_heading: INT. GUN PORT - CAVE WITHIN PLATEAU - SAME
text: The Sniper smiles as Desmond comes right into his sights. He
text: slowly squeezes the trigger and - the gun jams! Furious, he
text: works the rifle bolt to eject the offending shell but when he
text: peeks again through the hole...Desmond is gone again.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE RIDGE - COMPANY B CAMP - SAME
text: What’s left of Company B has fallen back to a position of
text: relative safety behind the Command Post. The men are ina
text: state of shock. Some, like Tex and Hollywood, just sit and
text: stare into space, lit cigarettes dangling uselessly from
text: their trembling fingers. Others weep shamelessly. Chief runs
text: up and crouches down beside Tex and Hollywood.
speaker_heading: CHIEF DRUCKER
dialog: (quietly)
text: Desmond is still up there.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Doss?
text: Hollwood’s ears perk up.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: Wait. On Hacksaw?
dialog: 3.4.13 91.
text: Chief nods. The three men look at one another. They rise
text: stiffly to their feet and head back towards Hacksaw Ridge.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU - DAY
text: Desmond has returned to get the third soldier. He's
text: deliberately approached him from yet another direction but
text: even from here, the wounded man is still well covered by the
text: two Japanese machine gun emplacements.
text: Desmond inches his way through a field of American and
text: Japanese corpses when one of the Japanese dead moans.
text: Desmond stops and glances over at the Japanese soldier. The
text: man has been shot in the shoulder but he’s not bleeding
text: badly. Left alone, he will surely die but if bandaged, he
text: might survive. Desmond hesitates - then begins to crawl away
text: towards his intended goal, the wounded American.
text: The Japanese soldier moans again. Desmond stops. He can’t
text: let him die. Desmond moves back alongside the Japanese
text: soldier and begins to dress his shoulder wound.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - SAME
text: The Japanese Sniper moves from one shooting port to the next,
text: searching for Desmond. He stops. Smiles. He puts his gun
text: up to the port and wipes the sweat off his face and then
text: screws his eye to the sniper scope.
speaker_heading: POV SNIPER SCOPE
text: The cross-hairs move across the landscape...and find Desmond.
text: The cross-hairs start up toward Desmond’s forehead, but
text: something he glimpsed confuses the sniper; he moves the
text: crosshairs down to the wounded soldier Desmond is tending
text: and his Japanese insignia comes into clear focus.
text: The sniper recoils in astonishment. For a moment, he is
text: bewildered. He puts his eye back to the scope.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU - SAME
text: Desmond wipes the Japanese soldier’s bullet wound with
text: alcohol and sprinkles sulfa powder over it; he knows he’s
text: exposed here and he’s working as quickly as he can. Every
dialog: second could be his last.
dialog: 3.4.13 92.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - SAME
text: The sniper lifts his eye from the scope again; what Desmond
dialog: is doing has caused him to scan across the whole field of
text: ruptured bodies, both Japanese and American. But he’s a
text: soldier, and whispers to himself--
speaker_heading: SNIPER
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: What are you waiting for?!
text: He takes a breath, lowers his eye to his scope, and takes
dialog: careful aim.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: --He lines the cross-hairs up on Desmond's head.
text: --Close on sniper’s finger curling slowly around the trigger.
text: --Close on sniper’s mouth as he gently exhales
text: --He squeezes the trigger.
text: --Through the scope, he sees Desmond taping the final bandage
text: in place when a mortar shell lands between Desmond and the
dialog: Sniper!
text: The debris shatters the Sniper’s scope and blinds him. He
text: staggers back from the port, blood pouring down his face.
text: Another mortar shell lands even closer and the tunnel shakes.
text: The Sniper turns to run and a third mortar shell falls
text: directly on his position and as he screams, the tunnel
text: disintegrates around him, burying him alive.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU - SAME
text: Desmond is oblivious to the fate of the sniper as mortar
text: shells are now falling thick and fast all over the plateau.
dialog: Knowing that any Japanese in the area are as much at risk
text: from these random rounds as he is, Desmond makes a calculated
text: decision to go for it. He rises to his feet and sprints to
text: the third wounded American.
text: Desmond reaches him and pulls him up to his feet, drapes the
text: man’s left arm around his own neck, and begins to stagger/run
text: towards the ridge.
dialog: 3.4.13 93.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF EDGE - DAY
text: Desmond has roped up the third man and just lowered him down
text: to safety. Desmond crouches there on his hands and knees,
text: shaking with exhaustion.
text: Behind him, in the distance, he hears another American voice
text: calling for help. Desmond closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Just one more. Please.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS as the sun moves overhead across the sky,
text: and Desmond moves across the plateau, saving one life at a
text: time, dragging/carrying each soldier to the edge of the
text: cliff, roping him up and lowering him down to safety.
speaker_heading: DESMOND (V.O.)
dialog: Let me get one more...
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE RIDGE - TWILIGHT
text: Glover, Hollywood, Chief, Tex and dozens of soldiers from
text: other companies watch silently as Desmond lowers one last man
dialog: down from Hacksaw Ridge...but this one is already dead...
text: We see this last man’s face...it’s Smitty. As the body
text: slowly descends, we realize Desmond’s last act was to
text: retrieve Smitty’s body.
text: And with that, Desmond finally leaves Hacksaw Ridge. Slowly,
text: painfully, he climbs down the rope alone.
text: When Desmond reaches the bottom, he fights not to collapse
text: into the arms of the men waiting at the base of the cliff.
text: His uniform is completely soaked with blood and mud, and
text: flies swarm around him but he’s too tired to bat them away
text: with his torn and bleeding hands. The men stare at him like
text: he’s a ghost as Desmond glances down at his uniform,
text: straining to move his head to look up again.
text: Captain Glover is one of them.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Is he wounded?
dialog: 3.4.13 94,
speaker_heading: TEX
text: He’s not shot.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: I think...
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: They’re all down, Desmond. You
dialog: got’em all.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Go him to the aid station.
scene_heading: INT. AID STATION - TWILIGHT
text: Everyone has heard about Desmond’s heroics. The surgeons,
text: stretcher teams, and nurses all watch silently as Desmond
text: changes his bloody uniform for a replacement uniform - a
text: washed and bleached uniform of a dead soldier.
text: Carefully, he removes his pocket Bible, taking a moment to
text: try and wipe off the blood that stains its front cover.
text: Something on the blouse he’s about to put on catches his eye.
text: The lettering is faded but it looks like..."Schecter."”
text: For just a moment, everything swims in front of his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. DESMOND’S FOXHOLE, BELOW THE RIDGE - NIGHT
text: Raining. Along with the usual sporadic Japanese mortar fire.
text: Desmond sits - alone - in the dugout he once shared with
text: Smitty. Tex scurries up out of the dark. He puts a can of K-
text: rations down in front of Desmond.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: JOSH “TEX” ROYAL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Peaches. Never liked’em all that
dialog: much.
text: Tex leaves. A moment later, Hollywood comes over and sets
text: down another rare can of non-meat K rations.
dialog: 3.4.13 95.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: Here. I’m full.
text: From all over, Company B survivors come up to Desmond, one by
text: one, and silently lay cans of non-meat food in front of him
text: and then disappear into the dark. Desmond stares at the pile
dialog: of food.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY COMMAND POST - SAME
text: It is a very subdued meeting of a much reduced leadership
text: team. The men are exhausted; completely worn out mentally
dialog: and physically.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Okay. Word is...word from HQ is,
dialog: we gotta go back up on Hacksaw
dialog: tomorrow. And we gotta take it,
dialog: this time.
text: The men are silent, close to mutiny. In the rear, someone
text: groans.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: I know, I know. Look, they know
dialog: what we're up against and they’ve
dialog: promised us a full company of
text: reinforcements, and a massive
dialog: bombardment preceding the assault,
text: including naval guns and aircraft.
dialog: The heart of their defensive line
text: is that cave towards the rear of
dialog: the escarpment. We get to that,
dialog: take out that cave, and Hacksaw is
dialog: ours.
text: The men look at one another, reaching some unspoken
text: agreement, and then stare back to Sergeant Jones.
scene_heading: SGT. JONES
dialog: Sir? The only way Company B goes
dialog: back up on that Ridge tomorrow is
dialog: if Desmond Doss goes with us.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Any reason to think he won't?
dialog: 3.4.13 96.
scene_heading: SGT. JONES
dialog: Well - it’s Saturday.
scene_heading: EXT. OKINAWAN TOMB - DAWN
text: Desmond sits behind the shelter of a stone Okinawan tomb,
text: reading his Bible when to his surprise Captain Glover
text: appears. Glover squats down beside Desmond; looks out over
text: the countryside as the first sliver of sunlight illuminates
dialog: the landscape.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Sometimes, if I squint a little
dialog: bit, this countryside reminds me a
dialog: little bit of South Carolina. A
dialog: South Carolina that’s been bombed
text: and blown to a jillion little muddy
dialog: pieces but still...
text: Desmond nods.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: You catch a whiff of pine
dialog: sometimes, almost makes me
text: homesick.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: We’re gonna have to go back up on
dialog: Hacksaw tomorrow. And tomorrow is
dialog: your Sabbath.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Most of the men don’t believe in
dialog: the same way you do. But they
dialog: believe so much... in how much you
dialog: believe... that they won’t go up
dialog: that Ridge unless you’re with them,
dialog: completely.
text: Desmond looks back at the Captain, not sure he understands
dialog: what Glover is asking.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: It’s not their Sabbath, it’s yours.
dialog: And they figure that for this
dialog: assault to be square with God, it’s
dialog: gotta be square with you.
text: Desmond puts down his Bible and studies Glover.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: Sir, if you could give me...just a
dialog: few minutes.
dialog: 3.4.13 97.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - DAY
text: Explosion after explosion tears into the Ridge from a variety
text: of American guns: mortars, howitzers, off-shore Naval
text: batteries and Army rockets. Marine F4U Corsairs bomb and
text: strafe the rugged terrain. Occasionally, a secondary
dialog: explosion indicates some lucky round has found its mark - an
dialog: ammunition or fuel dump.
dialog: Titles: Hacksaw Ridge. Third Assault.
text: Smoke, dust, and debris rise into the air in a dark cloud lit
text: with flame as if the Ridge were an erupting volcano.
scene_heading: EXT. ASSEMBLY POINT BENEATH THE CLIFF - SAME
text: The men of Company B - resigned veterans and nervous
text: replacements - wait in their pre-assault positions. But
text: their focus is not on the Ridge. They are all looking
text: backwards, toward the rear of the line.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY COMMAND POST - SAME
text: Glover smokes a last cigarette while he gets an earful from
text: HQ over the Company field telephone.
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NECESSARY--
scene_heading: INT. FIRST BATTALION HQ - LT. COONEY’S OFFICE - DAY
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL COONEY (ON PHONE)
dialog: What the hell is your delay,
dialog: Captain?! You were supposed to
dialog: begin that assault ten minutes ago!
dialog: The entire 307th Infantry and the
dialog: whole 7th Fleet is cooling its
dialog: heels for you!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: We're waiting, sir.
scene_heading: LT. COLONEL COONEY
dialog: Waiting for what?!
text: Captain Glover glances towards the rear of the line where in
text: the distance, a long figure kneels.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: We're waiting for Private Doss to
dialog: finish praying.
dialog: 3.4.13 98.
scene_heading: EXT. ASSEMBLY POINT BENEATH THE CLIFF - SAME
text: On his knees, Dorothy’s Bible in his hands. The strain and
text: horror of the last ten days is etched in his face.
text: Haltingly, Desmond tries to work this out with his God.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I’ve done my best to...to be
dialog: faithful to you, and the promises I
dialog: made. I gotta...break one of those
dialog: promises now and I’m asking your
dialog: forgiveness. It may be a wrong
dialog: thing but I can’t let my men go up
dialog: there alone. And if that is a sin
dialog: then I take it on my heart, alone.
dialog: Amen.
text: Chief nudges Hollywood and points to where Desmond Doss is
text: walking towards them.
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY B COMMAND POST - SAME
text: Captain Glover sees Desmond coming, rejoining the line.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: (into field telephone)
dialog: Company B is ready to go, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. ASSEMBLY POINT BENEATH THE CLIFF - MOMENTS LATER
text: Above them, the bombardment suddenly stops. The SILENCE is
text: deafening. Every man left in Company B - including Desmond -—
text: is ready. On their faces, each and every one, is a fierce
text: look of quiet determination.
text: Captain Glover looks to Desmond. Desmond nods.
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Let's go.
text: Glover leads his men climbing up the cargo nets. Desmond
text: follows behind.
text: BELOW THE LIP OF THE PLATEAU
text: Glover and his group leaders hang for a moment on the cargo
text: nets as they pull grenades out of their pockets. They yank
text: the pins and lob the grenades over their heads onto the
dialog: plateau.
dialog: 3.4.13 99.
text: As soon as the grenades begin exploding, Glover and the men
text: are climbing as fast as they can.
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - PLATEAU LIP - CONTINUOUS
text: Glover leads his men in a wild charge up and over the edge of
dialog: the cliff and onto....
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - THE PLATEAU - CONTINUOUS
text: The men of Company B quickly sweep past the stunned Japanese
text: positions and overwhelm the few defenders unlucky enough to
text: be caught above ground. The Americans push on towards the
dialog: southern edge of the plateau and...
scene_heading: THE BIG CAVE OPENING
text: The ASSAULT TEAMS move with grim efficiency. Riflemen throw
text: smoke grenades, shielding their work from the Japanese mortar
text: squads on the southern hills.
text: BAR Squads keep the defenders pinned down within the cave
dialog: complex entrance...
text: EXPLOSIVE TEAMS inch forward under fire to throw their
text: satchel charges inside.
text: As soon as the explosions erupt, Glover sends in the FLAME-
text: THROWER TEAMS who douse the opening with long searing plumes
dialog: of fire.
text: Following them, Chief, Tex, and Hollywood run up with opened
text: JERRY CANS OF GASOLINE, one after another, which they throw
text: into the mouth of the cave and the shaft below.
text: Glover edges close to the entrance and throws in two
text: phosphorus grenades igniting an ENORMOUS EXPLOSION that can
text: only mean that somewhere inside, a major ammo dump has caught
dialog: fire.
text: Suddenly, the entire ridge SHAKES like an earthquake.
text: SMOKE billows out, not just through the cave entrance but
text: through dozens and dozens of different SNIPER HOLES and
text: cunningly hidden ASSAULT ENTRANCES scattered all over.
text: Tasting blood, Company B sweeps past the Big Cave entrance
text: SCREAMING with battle lust and moves down...
dialog: 3.4.13 100.
scene_heading: THE REVERSE SLOPE
text: A tide of lethal efficiency sweeping everything before it.
text: Hacksaw Ridge is finally falling.
scene_heading: EXT. THE REVERSE SLOPE - LATER THAT AFTERNOON
text: Desmond follows Tex, Chief, and Hollywood as they continue to
text: secure the southern flank of the Ridge.
text: Suddenly, to their left, a JAPANESE SOLDIER rises from his
text: spider hole, pistol in one hand and grenade in the other. He
text: empties his pistol wildly but all three men get rounds off in
text: reply, dropping the Japanese Soldier to his knees with shots
dialog: to the chest and head but...
text: ...-As he collapses, he throws the HAND GRENADE.
text: The hand grenade comes arcing towards the Americans.
text: Desmond PUSHES his fellow soldiers out of the way but there’s
dialog: no escape for himself.
text: The grenade lands directly in front of Desmond. He throws
text: himself backwards and simultaneously tries to kick the
dialog: grenade away...
text: The grenade EXPLODES with a shower of dirt, rocks, and blood!
text: Desmond SCREAMS with pain. He looks down at his leg - it’s
text: ragged and covered with blood. Desmond rolls over onto his
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: HOLLYWOOD
dialog: THEY GOT DESMOND!
text: Bright arterial blood is beginning to spurt from Desmond's
text: torn femoral artery. Chief squats down beside him and places
text: both his big hands on the wound and presses down hard.
text: Simultaneously, Tex is pulling battlefield dressings out of
text: Desmond’s kit with shaky hands and handing them to Chief.
speaker_heading: CHIEF DRUCKER
speaker_heading: MEDIC!
text: Captain Glover comes running up and when he sees who the
text: wounded man is, his face blanches.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Keep pressure on!
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: HE’S DYING!
dialog: 3.4.13 101.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: The hell he is! WE GOTTA GET HIM
speaker_heading: BACK!
text: The men gather around and pick up Desmond. [THE SAME SCENE
text: FROM THE BEGINNING OF THE FILM]
text: The men half run, half stumble across the still smoking
text: battlefield, Desmond cradled in their arms, until they reach
dialog: the...
scene_heading: EXT. HACKSAW RIDGE - CLIFF EDGE - CONTINUOUS
text: The men don’t hesitate. Carrying their wounded friend, they
text: scramble down the nets and jury-rigged ladders, their
dialog: constant attention only on Desmond...
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE RIDGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Glover directs the men to carry Desmond to a waiting field
text: ambulance. The TWO MEDICS there hastily load Desmond into
text: the truck and begin prepping him for an IV. Glover leans
text: over Desmond; Tex, Chief and Hollywood press close,
dialog: anxiously.
text: Desmond looks like hell. The color is completely drained out
text: of his face and he’s beginning to shake. Glover holds his
text: hand. One of the Medics injects Desmond with morphine.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You're going home, Desmond. See
dialog: that pretty bride of yours.
text: Desmond tries to talk. Can’t. Chokes. Shakily he pats his
text: shirt pocket.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DESMOND
dialog: (almost inaudible)
dialog: .-+-my bible.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: You can get another copy when you
dialog: get home. Hear it’s a popular
dialog: book.
text: Desmond tries to speak and coughs again, a violent shuddering
text: cough, and a bright clot of blood appears in the corner of
text: his mouth. Glover glances over at one of the Medics...
dialog: 3.4.13 102.
text: ...the Medic shakes his head; this guy is not going to make
dialog: it.
text: Glover clutches Desmond’s hand one more time.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: Hang in there, Desmond.
text: Glover steps away as the ambulance drives off.
text: Exhausted, Glover squats on the ground to steady himself.
text: Around him, Tex, Chief, Hollywood, and the others collapse
text: into the mud.
text: Glover shakes his head; wipes the sweat and the mud out of
text: his eyes; some decision slowly working its way out. He rises
text: stiffly but with great determination, and begins re-arming
text: himself from the stack of supplies and ammunition at the base
text: of the cliff.
text: As it dawns on the men what Glover intends to do, Tex, Chief,
text: and Hollywood also rise and begin to arm themselves as well.
text: Glover glances at them.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You don’t have to... Every Jap
dialog: still up there will die before he
text: surrenders.
text: The men nod. They all turn and look back up at the cliff.
text: The plateau above is lit up again by artillery and mortar
text: fire. Then, unbelievably, they begin to climb back up
dialog: Hacksaw Ridge.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARMY FIELD HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Desmond wakes. He tries to sit up but discovers his right
text: arm and left leg are in a cast and the entire right side of
text: his body is covered with bandages. The pain and medications
text: leave him feeling woozy and disoriented. He looks around.
scene_heading: POV DESMOND - DISTORTED
text: A MAN in unbelievably filthy fatigues is standing beside the
text: bed, looking at him. Desmond manages to get his eyes to
text: FOCUS and the man gradually swims into view - Captain Glover.
dialog: 3.4.13 103.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER
dialog: Doctors say you had enough shrapnel
dialog: in you to build your own short wave
dialog: radio. But you’re gonna be
dialog: alright.
text: Desmond manages a smile.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: Just so you know, I put you up for
dialog: a sack of medals for what you did
dialog: up on Hacksaw, so if some General
text: with a chest-full of fruit salad
dialog: comes through and pins one on you,
dialog: you can blame me.
text: Glover pauses and a smile creeps onto his face.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: Also, I have something of yours.
text: Glover reaches into his jacket and retrieves Desmond’s beat-—
text: up, water stained POCKET BIBLE.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN GLOVER (cont’d)
dialog: When the men heard you were missing
dialog: this, they all volunteered to go
dialog: look for it. Kind of beat up but -
dialog: they wanted you to know, they were
dialog: thinking of you.
text: Desmond takes the Bible and runs his hands over it. As
text: Glover turns and walks away, Desmond notices a soldier (the
text: soldier Desmond saved) sitting up in bed smiling with two
text: stumps where his legs used to be.
text: Desmond smiles back as the soldier lifts his water glass and
text: salutes Desmond.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CAR - EVENING
text: Desmond, in his dress uniform, rides along a two-lane road,
text: lost in thought.
scene_heading: EXT. DOSS FRONT YARD - EVENING
text: Tom Doss stands out in the yard, clutching a liquor bottle,
text: conflicted. He brings the bottle up but instead of drinking
text: from it, he tosses it as hard as he can.
dialog: 3.4.13 104.
text: Tom starts to turn away but then reconsiders. He walks
text: toward where he threw the bottle, and as he reaches down to
text: pick it up, he notices the rock with Desmond’s note. He
text: picks up the bottle and then the rock. As he stands reading
text: the note, his eyes tear up. He turns the bottle upside down
text: and pours it out.
scene_heading: EXT. DOROTHY’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CAR pulls up to Dorothy’s house, the
text: brakes squealing as it does. Fear freezes Dorothy
text: immediately-- but it’s Desmond she sees limping out of the
text: car. She runs to him and throws her arms around him. We see
text: them both slowly kiss as the screen fades to black.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EPILOGUE: HISTORIC PHOTO OF DESMOND AND PRESIDENT HARRY
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
text: A beaming Harry Truman hangs the Medal of Honor around
text: Desmond’s neck.
speaker_heading: TITLES (in separate cards):
dialog: Desmond Doss was presented the Medal of Honor - the first
dialog: conscientious objector to win America's highest award for
dialog: courage under fire.
dialog: Of his own heroics, he remained characteristically modest,
dialog: giving all the credit to his Faith and saying simply, “The
dialog: real heroes are buried over there.”
text: He passed away at the age of 87 in March, 2006 and was buried
dialog: in Arlington Cemetery.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: THE END.
dialog: 
