speaker_heading: HAIL, CESAR!
dialog: Written by
dialog: Joel Coen & Ethan Coen
text: Copyright © 2014 WHITE SHOOTING: October 13th, 2014
scene_heading: BLUE REVISION: January 5th, 2015
scene_heading: FADE IN SOUND
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL - NIGHT
scene_heading: DISTANT, BEAUTIFUL VOICES
text: Male voices. A Gregorian chant.
text: We fade in on a crucifix in the apse of the church: a
dialog: suffering Christ.
text: We cut to a close shot of a small silver cross on a rosary.
text: The rosary is held in a man's lap next to a mouse-grey
text: fedora. The light is dim.
text: As we hear a panel sliding, more light wipes onto the rosary
dialog: beads.
text: Wider on the man waiting in the confessional: middle-aged,
dialog: tired.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Son, it is so late.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yeah, Father, work has just been...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You work too hard.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Nah, I’m just... keepin the place
dialog: goin’. Anyhow, bless me, Father,
dialog: for I have sinned. It’s been uh,
dialog: twenty-four hours since my last
dialog: confession. I, uh...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes my son.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I lied to Connie. Uh, to my wife.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: This is very serious.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I know! I promised her I'd quit
dialog: smoking. She thinks it's bad for
dialog: me. And I'm trying, but... well, I
dialog: snuck a couple of cigarettes...
dialog: Maybe three.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It’s hard.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes, my son.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: —But I’m trying.
text: A clap of thunder.
scene_heading: EXT. SPANISH HOUSE - NIGHT
scene_heading: HOUSE AT NIGHT
text: We are looking, through the rain-pelted windshield of a
text: parked car, at a small, Spanish-style bungalow. The rattle of
text: driving rain does not quite cover the sound of drunken female
text: laughter. There are occasional flashes of lightning outside,
text: and occasional flashes of strobe light in the windows of the
dialog: house.
text: Inside our surveilling car a wrist rolls over to show a watch
text: face, streaked with the shadows of dripping rain: 5:00
dialog: o'clock.
text: A voice-over begins, authoritatively omniscient—or maybe it
text: only sounds so because it is British-accented:
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
text: It is 5:00 A.M. The sun is soon to
dialog: rise. But for Eddie Mannix the day
text: has already begun.
text: Our car’s driver, Eddie Mannix—the man we saw
text: confessing—looks up from his watch to the house.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER (CONT’D)
text: The movie studio for which he works
dialog: manufactures stories—each its own
text: daylit drama, or moonlit dream.
text: Flash of lightning, crash of thunder, another bout of
text: laughter from the house.
text: Eddie Mannix reaches for his door.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: Eddie Mannix emerges from his car—a Packard marking the
text: period as circa 1950. Eddie pulls down his hat brim, turns up
text: his collar, and digs hands into coat pockets as he strides
text: through the rain.
text: The strobe light flashes inside the house. The laughter grows
text: louder as we approach.
text: Eddie Mannix hesitates only momentarily at the front door. He
text: tests the knob: unlocked; turns it, enters.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER (CONT’D)
dialog: But the work of Eddie Mannix cares
dialog: not for day or night... and cares
dialog: little for his rest.
scene_heading: INT. SPANISH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: On Eddie Mannix at the open door, rain dripping from his
text: fedora, thunder crashing behind him. His eyes narrow in
text: distaste.
text: In the living room a giggling blonde in a milkmaid’s dirndl
text: with overloaded bodice bends over a butter-churn.
text: A man with his back to us is peering through a box camera.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That's right, darlin’, a little
dialog: lower...
text: The giggling girl sees Eddie Mannix and stops churning.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Oh, fer—ecce homo! You, here?!
text: The photographer turns to face Eddie: a tall weedy-looking
text: man with a thin mustache. A sheen of sweat on his brow and
text: upper lip.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The studio has a right to Gloria’s
dialog: likeness, Falco. Gimme the
dialog: negatives and things’1ll go easier.
speaker_heading: FALCO
dialog: You got it all wrong, Eddie! This
dialog: is f’private use!
text: Eddie Mannix strides to the camera, pops its back, and pulls
text: out a length of film.
speaker_heading: FALCO (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey!
text: We hear approaching sirens. Falco reacts, bolting for the
text: back door.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Can't a girl take a few pitchas,
dialog: have a few laughs? Cheez, Eddie,
dialog: what a old stick-in-the-mud!
text: She giggles.
text: Whap! He slaps her.
text: She looks at him, stunned, then starts weeping.
text: He slaps her again.
text: Outside the sirens wind down and we hear car doors open.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Now you listen to me. You were at a
dialog: party, you had too much to drink,
dialog: somebody brought you here, you
dialog: don’t remember who. You’re going
dialog: home now and your name is Mary Jo
dialog: Scheinbrotte.
dialog: She blubbers:
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Okay, Eddie.
text: The front door opens and two uniformed cops enter.
speaker_heading: COP ONE
dialog: Hello, Mannix, saw your heap
text: outside.
speaker_heading: COP TWO
dialog: Got a call. Loud, disorderly...
text: He looks around, sniffs.
dialog: .+. Possible French postcard
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Someone was pulling your leg. Mary
dialog: Jo here was just at a costume
dialog: party. It’s not really her dirndl.
text: He fishes a wad from his pocket and peels off some bills.
dialog: -.. She wants to contribute
dialog: something to your pension fund.
dialog: Sorry to drag you out in the rain.
speaker_heading: COP ONE
dialog: Well, say, no trouble at all.
text: Cop Two is looking hard at the girl.
speaker_heading: COP TWO
dialog: Aren’t you Gloria DeLamour?
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: No no, I'm Mary Jo... somethin’.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Scheinbrotte. Look, Brian...
text: Eddie hesitates, looking at one of the cops who is smoking.
text: We hear, distantly but growing louder, a deep thumping sound.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I, uh... bum a cigarette?
text: The thumping sound has grown closer: the tramp of many
text: marching feet. A fanfare on ancient horns as we cut to:
scene_heading: EXT. THE OLD APPIAN WAY - DAY
text: Down the road a Roman legion marches in brilliant
text: Technicolor, the sound of its stamping feet bridging the cut.
text: Cypress trees, regularly planted, stretch along either side
text: of the road to the horizon. The title of the movie fades into
dialog: superimposition:
speaker_heading: HAIL, CESAR!
dialog: A Tale Of The Christ
text: The same voice that started the movie now intones:
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
dialog: Ancient Rome! Twelve years into the
dialog: rule of Tiberius, Rome’s legions
dialog: are masters of the world, the stomp
dialog: of its sandals heard from the
dialog: Iberian peninsula in the west
text: through the halls of the great
dialog: library of Alexandria in the east!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER (CONT'D)
dialog: As oppressed people everywhere
text: writhe under the Roman lash...
text: The regularly formed legions in the van now give way to the
text: slaves being whipped along in the rear:
dialog: .-.- master and slave, freeman and
dialog: vassal, are united in one
dialog: compulsory worship: the emperor,
dialog: Cesar, is Godhead—lord of every
dialog: man’s body and spirit! For those
dialog: who will not submit, the galleys,
text: the arenas, even crucifixion await!
text: But there is a new wind, blowing
dialog: from the east, from the dusty
dialog: streets of Bethlehem, that will
text: soon challenge the vast house of
dialog: Cesar—that edifice wrought of
text: brick and blood which now seems so
dialog: secure!
text: A chariot rolls into the foreground. Its driver is a muscular
text: campaign-hardened man with Roman bangs. Beneath his copper
text: breastplate he glistens with manly sweat. He wears a helmet
text: topped by a bright red mohawk bristle, something like an
text: upside-down floorwaxer. He is Autolochus Antoninus. He gazes
text: off and smiles.
text: Another man gallops up on horseback and reins in next to him.
text: This is Gracchus Gregorius, and he too wears the floorwaxing
text: headwear of the Roman tribune.
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: There she is, Gracchus. And ah,
dialog: what a beauty!
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Aye, Autolochus! Rome! Suckled by a
dialog: she-wolf and nurturing us her sons
dialog: in turn.
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: Tonight I bathe in Caracalla, and
dialog: wash away the dust of three hundred
dialog: miles of Frankish road! To Rome! To
dialog: Rome !
text: As he whips the chariot horses into motion we pan off to
text: reveal the hilltop view of Rome before which the weary
dialog: tribunes had halted.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
dialog: Yes, to Rome! Glorious center of
dialog: Cesar’s rule!
scene_heading: EXT. PALESTINE - NIGHT
text: A rutted rural road. A man in sandals and simple peasant garb
text: and using a gnarled walking staff walks through rain, thunder
dialog: and lightning.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
dialog: But far away, in Palestine...
scene_heading: INT. SCREENING ROOM - DAY
text: We are panning off the image to reveal that we have been
text: looking at a screen in a small screening room.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
text: ++. another man is coming home.
text: Saul, humble merchant of Tarsus, is
text: about to be struck down by a
dialog: vision.
text: The continued pan brings us onto the screening room’s one
text: occupant, Eddie Mannix. After a quick furtive look
text: around—meaningless since he is alone—he takes a cigarette
text: from the ashtray next to him and sneaks a puff.
speaker_heading: SAUL (off)
dialog: (quavering)
dialog: What thing is this?
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL BACKLOT - DAY
text: Eddie Mannix strides across the great studio backlot where
text: technicians mill and actors dressed in the wardrobe of
text: different ages and genres lounge. His secretary Natalie
text: follows at his elbow, struggling to keep up as she consults a
dialog: notepad:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: —and Gloria DeLamour has been
dialog: checked into Our Lady of Perpetual
dialog: Rest to dry out. You have a 10:00
text: A.M. with Monsignor O’Reilly at the
dialog: Wallace Beery Conference Room. He’s
dialog: bringing Lester Silkwood from the
dialog: Legion of Catholic Decency and
dialog: we've also invited Patriarch
dialog: Vlassos for the Eastern view.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: They've read the script?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Roger.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Let's also invite a rabbi, and a
dialog: Protestant padre of some sort so we
dialog: can get everybody’s two cents.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: How’s production on “Tucumcari!”?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Principal is on schedule but second
dialog: unit has been idle in Gallup, New
text: Mexico for four days. Heavy rain.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Forecast?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Not good.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hnn. Send an insert truck and have
dialog: ‘em shoot driving plates for “Came
dialog: the Rain.”
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: “Jonah's Daughter” still behind?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yes, director says the problem is
text: DeeAnna and she’s getting worse.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I know what it is, I’1l drop in on
dialog: her after my ten o’clock.
text: (pulls back his sleeve to
dialog: look at his watch)
dialog: All right, let’s call New York.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Eddie is on the phone.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Nick Schenk’s office.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hi, Dorothy, Eddie Mannix. The old
dialog: man in?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hi, Mr. Mannix, I'll check.
text: Eddie raises his voice:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Natalie, I want the box office on
dialog: “The Debonaires” and on “Blessed
dialog: Event.” Can you also—
text: Hastily into the phone:
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: —yYes, good morning Mr. Schenk...
dialog: Very well, thank you. Proceeding...
text: Proceeding... “Merrily We Dance”
text: starts shooting today. Beardley
dialog: Auberon gave us a draft that’s
text: extremely classy. Joan Van Vechten
dialog: is playing Dierdre, but we need a
dialog: male lead and we need him now...
text: No, Jack Hogarth is drying out at
dialog: Cedars... Metro won’t lend us Gable
dialog: unless we give them the Comiskey
dialog: Twins... Of course not, I agree...
text: Swell idea but he’s waiting out a
dialog: divorce in Reno... Whuh—Hobie
dialog: Doyle?! Do you really think so?
dialog: After all he’s—he’s a dust actor!
dialog: The man barely knows how to...
dialog: talk!... Yes, of course, Mr.
dialog: Schenk, I agree, but I don’t know
dialog: if Hobie Doyle, if he has the uh
dialog: the uh the uh poise in a dinner
dialog: jacket... Yes, we do need someone
dialog: pronto... No I don’t. That’s very
dialog: true. Let me talk to Laurence
dialog: Laurentz, the director. It could
dialog: work. Hobie is a very promising
dialog: idea.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTERN LANDSCAPE
speaker_heading: A BOULDER
text: It is a great big boulder.
dialog: 10.
text: A beard-stubbled cowboy rises from behind its cover to fire
text: his six-shooter. He himself is immediately shot: he grimaces
text: and releases his gun which swivels around his trigger-finger,
text: as he staggers—and drops.
text: He who just shot him: Hobie Doyle, in white Western wear.
text: Eyes narrowed, he gauges the effect of his shot, then reacts
text: to the sound of retreating hoofbeats.
text: The other bad men are racing off, firing wildly back in his
dialog: direction.
text: Hobie adroitly twirls and holsters his gun.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Whitey!
text: The white horse placidly cropping the grass several yards
text: away flicks its ears and looks over. It nickers and shuffles
text: to face away from Hobie as he runs to it. He vaults its rump
text: and man and animal are off.
text: Hobie riding. A mounted bad man falls in behind him—a
text: bushwack. This pursuer begins to fire.
text: Hobie rocks forward on Whitey, low to his neck. He reaches
text: down to grab the saddle, one hand on either side. He pushes
text: himself up into a handstand atop the racing horse.
text: An oncoming tree limb hooks his knees and he swings up and
text: around as his horse races on unridered. When he loops back
text: around the tree limb his six-shooter is at the ready and he
text: fires on the swing at the oncoming horseman. The bad man
text: clutches his chest and falls from his horse as Hobie swings
text: up again.
text: Hobie uses his upward inertia to gracefully execute a trapeze-
text: artist dismount from the branch. His drop toward the ground
text: is neatly intercepted by the bad man’s galloping horse, Hobie
text: plops into its saddle. He reins in the snorting beast and as
text: it rears he fires his six-shooter into the air in an
text: expression of pure brio. He then twirls and holsters his gun,
text: calms the horse with a pat on the neck, and leaps aground. He
text: claps dust from his yoked white shirt.
speaker_heading: MEGAPHONE VOICE
dialog: And cut.
text: A man in sunglasses rises from a canvas chair next to a
text: camera attended by men in creased hoist-up pants and white
text: shirts and ties.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Great, Hobie.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: I kin do the handstand smoother if
dialog: ya gimme another shot atter.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: We've got four good ones Hobie, and
text: Whitey is tired.
text: An assistant trots up to Hobie with a small tin. Hobie takes
text: it and loads a chew into one cheek.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Okay, you’re the bossman. If that’s
dialog: lunch ammo grab me a plate a beans.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Hobie, the studio wants you to
dialog: escort Carlotta Valdez to your
dialog: premier tonight.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
text: But she warn’t in the pitcher.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Well that’s what they want.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
text: But she warn’t in the pitcher.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Well, it’s some publicity thing.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Ah don’t git it.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Well, the studio says you’re
dialog: bringing Carlotta Valdez. You're
text: her escort.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: But she’s Carlotta Valdez. Hit
dialog: don’t make sense. She warn’t in the
dialog: pitcher.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Who was in the picture?
text: Hobie thinks.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Whitey.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Well Eddie Mannix says you're
dialog: escorting Carlotta Valdez. Guess
dialog: they’re changing your image.
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD OF SESTIMUS AMYDIAS —- DAY
speaker_heading: ROMANS
text: They sit in the courtyard of a Roman villa—several togaed
text: senators and their robed wives—on chairs carved of cedar and
text: draped with fine silks.
text: Incongruous entrance: a man in sunglasses wearing a white
text: open-necked shirt.
text: He looks here and there. He raises a megaphone.
speaker_heading: 1ST A.D.
dialog: All right, kids, it’s Rome, you're
dialog: over at this guy’s house for a
dialog: revel, and here comes Antoninus.
dialog: Llllots of energy!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Roll ‘em.
text: A short, togaed extra holding a lyre lurks by a tabletop on
text: which sits platters of succulent feastings, and one goblet. A
text: furtive look around.
speaker_heading: A.C. VOICE
dialog: Camera speed.
speaker_heading: BOOM VOICE
dialog: Sound speed.
text: The extra produces a cellophane packet from the folds of his
text: toga. After another quick glance around he opens the packet’s
text: flap and taps its powdery contents into the goblet.
text: He hastily crumples the packet and exchanges a significant
dialog: look with:
text: Another extra, holding a turkey leg nearby. This man is bald
text: with fringe hair upcombed to make corner hair-vees.
text: The first extra is startled by:
speaker_heading: 1ST A.D.
dialog: What’re you doing at the table of
dialog: viands?!
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: EXTRA
dialog: ++. Huh?
speaker_heading: 1ST A.D.
dialog: You're supposed to be reclining,
dialog: with the lyre!
speaker_heading: EXTRA
dialog: Yeah, sorry, I uh—
speaker_heading: 1ST A.D.
dialog: Recline with the lyre!
speaker_heading: EXTRA
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: We set there? Background set?
speaker_heading: 1ST A.D.
dialog: Don’t sit on the pediment! Recline!
dialog: Relaxed, festive!
speaker_heading: EXTRA
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: 1ST A.D.
dialog: (projecting)
dialog: Set!
text: (narrows his eyes and
dialog: points at the extra now
text: reclining, hissing as he
dialog: leaves)
dialog: I got my eye on you.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Fountain!
text: Water starts to gurgle as the courtyard fountain comes to
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Background!
text: The extras talk among themselves in pantomime, displaying
text: Roman gaiety and deep involvement in their silent
text: conversations. Some sip at goblets, some nibble at rich
text: comestibles. Occasionally, a guest tips his head back for a
text: peal of silent laughter.
text: Our extra strums his lyre not in pantomime but sounding it,
text: the same arpeggio, over and over again, separated by the same
text: beat of silence.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: And action!
text: Autolochus strides in. A senator rises to greet him.
speaker_heading: SENATOR
dialog: Autolochus! I had heard rumors of
dialog: your return to Rome!
text: We are close on the reclining extra with the lyre.
text: Autolochus, standing before him, is only a pair of foreground
text: feet in sandals with leather lace-ups twining the calves. The
text: leather creaks as he talks:
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: More than rumors, noble Sestimus!
text: The reclining extra looks steeply up at Autolochus. His point-
text: of-view shows Autolochus mostly backlit; we see off the set
text: and up into the greens.
text: Autolochus, with great aplomb, swipes the goblet from the
dialog: table.
dialog: I see that you are the same
dialog: worshipper of Bacchus. What gaiety!
dialog: There is still truth in the adage,
dialog: “What pleasures cannot be found in
dialog: the villa of Sestimus Amydias,
dialog: cannot be found in Rome!”
text: (brings the goblet to his
text: lips but stops with a
dialog: thought)
dialog: But seriously. There is talk that
dialog: the Senate will send our legions
text: out again—and this time not on a
dialog: short march to Gaul. What truth to
dialog: these mutterings, Sestimus?
text: The reclining extra and the extra with the turkey leg
text: exchange a worried look.
speaker_heading: SESTIMUS
dialog: The matter is to be taken up in the
dialog: Senate. It seems that there is
dialog: unrest in Palestine.
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: Palestine! That backwater! They’1l
dialog: hardly be sending the Sixth Legion
dialog: to that godforsaken patch of
dialog: desert!
dialog: 15.
text: Hearty male laughter. Autolochus ends his laugh and raises
text: the goblet to his lips.
text: Just before drinking—he is taken by another gust of
dialog: laughter.
text: The two extras exchange a look. The reclining extra hugs his
text: lyre and worriedly arpeggiates.
text: When Autolochus’s second access of laughter peters out he
text: raises the goblet again—and now takes a long draught.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
text: Holding for a dissolve... still
text: laughing... holding... and... cut.
text: Autolochus lowers the goblet, panting, and wipes meadfoam
text: from his mouth with an armful of sleeve.
text: The extras too relax.
text: The director enters: Sam Stampfel, of manly middle-age.
speaker_heading: STAMPFEL
dialog: Fine, boys, that was fine. We'll
text: move on to the brasier scene.
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: Yeah? Was I okay on “What truth to
dialog: these mutterings?” I felt a
dialog: little—
speaker_heading: STAMPFEL
dialog: Nah, fine, we move on. Brasier
text: scene, twenty minutes.
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
text: Popping over to my dressing room.
dialog: (to Script Supervisor)
dialog: Got the pages for the brasier
dialog: scene?
text: The Script Supervisor points to a spot on the page as he
text: hands it over.
scene_heading: SCRIPT SUPERVISOR
dialog: They changed “passion” to “ardor.”
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: What? I liked passion. It’s strong.
dialog: “Passion.”
dialog: 
text: The Script Supervisor shrugs a what-can-I-tell-you?
text: Autolochus wanders off, muttering:
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS (CONT’D)
dialog: Not so, Ursulina... My ardor is yet
dialog: as warm as the embers of this
dialog: brasier...
text: The extra with the lyre exchanges another look with the bald
text: extra. He indicates with a jerk of the head that they should
text: follow Autolochus who, as he examines his script, is crossing
text: the long dark expanse of soundstage, toward a distant glowing
text: exit sign.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL BACKLOT - DAY
text: Outside now, the short extra cautiously leans and cranes to
text: peek around a soundstage corner. The bald extra is next to
dialog: him.
text: His point-of-view: huge stucco soundstages range into the
text: distance. The only person about is a small receding
text: Autolochus Antoninus, his sandals scuffing the road and sword
text: banging his thigh as he walks. He still looks at the script;
text: we hear his distant muttering:
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: Such is my greeting after three
dialog: months’ sojourn in Gaul?... Not so,
dialog: Ursulina... My ardor is yet as warm-
text: He stops momentarily, swaying. He extends a hand to steady
text: himself against the exterior wall of a soundstage. After a
text: moment, he moves on, somewhat uncertainly.
scene_heading: EXT. BAIRD’S DRESSING ROOM —- DAY
text: A STAR ON A DRESSING ROOM DOOR
text: A slow pull back reveals the name above the star: BAIRD
scene_heading: WHITLOCK.
text: Muffled, from within, we hear Autolochus/Baird Whitlock:
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Not so, Ursulina. My ardor is yet
dialog: as warm as the embers of this
dialog: brasier... The embers of thish
dialog: brasier... Goddamn, that’s tough.
text: Yet as warm as the embersh of this
dialog: brasier... Not so, Urshulina...
text: The continuing pull back reveals the two extras standing
text: either side of the door. The bald one nods at the short one.
dialog: 17.
text: At the nod, the short extra knocks.
speaker_heading: SHORT EXTRA
dialog: They’re ready for you, Mr.
dialog: Whitlock.
text: The two men stand tensed.
text: After a short beat of clomping inside, the door swings slowly
text: up. Baird stands, swaying, giving the two men a glassy stare.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: (slurred)
dialog: Not so, Ursulina—
text: He pitches forward into the ready arms of the togaed men.
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Eddie Mannix strolls and speaks. His audience is a four-
text: person convocation of clergy sporting different hats, caps,
text: robes, beards.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Gentlemen, thank you all for
dialog: coming. I know you have parishes,
text: flocks and temples making enormous
dialog: demands on your time. But I’m sure
dialog: you appreciate also that great
text: masses of humanity look to pictures
dialog: for information and uplift and,
dialog: yes, entertainment. Now here at
dialog: Capitol Pictures, as you know, an
dialog: army of technicians and actors and
dialog: top-notch artistic people are
dialog: working hard to bring to the screen
dialog: the story of the Christ. It’s a
dialog: swell story—a story told before,
dialog: yes, but we like to flatter
dialog: ourselves that it’s never been told
dialog: with this kind of distinction and
text: panache.
scene_heading: EASTERN ORTHODOX PATRIARCH
dialog: Perhaps, sir, you forget its
text: telling in the holy Bible.
text: A wry smile from Eddie Mannix.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Quite right, Padre. The Bible of
dialog: course is terrific.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: But for millions of people,
dialog: pictures will be their reference
dialog: point for the story—the story’s
dialog: embodiment...
dialog: (groping)
dialog: the story's...
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Realization.
text: Eddie points an aiming finger at the Minister, saluting his
dialog: choice of words.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Realization.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: You “realize,” of course, that for
dialog: we Jews, any visual depiction of
dialog: the Godhead is most strictly
dialog: prohibited.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (dismayed)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: But of course, for us, the man
dialog: Jesus Nazarene is not God.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Ah-ha.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Who plays Christ?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: A kid we're all very excited about,
dialog: Todd Hocheiser, wonderful young
dialog: actor we found in Akron, Ohio, in a
dialog: nationwide talent hunt. But
text: Hocheiser is seen only fleetingly,
dialog: and with extreme taste; our story
text: is told through the eyes of a Roman
dialog: tribune, Autolochus Antoninus, an
text: ordinary man skeptical at first but
text: who comes to a grudging respect for
dialog: this swell figure from the East.
dialog: And Autolochus is played by...
text: He permits himself a satisfied smile.
dialog: «+. Baird Whitlock.
dialog: 19.
text: Murmurs of appreciation from the assembled and one low
dialog: “that’s-something” whistle.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: Well, he is certainly a great
dialog: talent.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Now Hail, Cesar! is a prestige
dialog: picture, our biggest release of the
dialog: year, and we are devoting huge
dialog: resources to its production in
dialog: order to make it first-class in
dialog: every respect. Gentlemen, given its
dialog: enormous expense, we don’t want to
dialog: send it to market except in the
dialog: certainty that it will not offend
dialog: any reasonable American, regardless
dialog: of faith or creed. Now that’s where
dialog: you come in. You’ve read the
dialog: script; I wanna know if the
dialog: theological elements of the story
dialog: are up to snuff.
speaker_heading: PATRIARCH
dialog: I thought the chariot scene was
dialog: fakey. How is he going to jump from
text: one chariot to the other, going
dialog: full speed?
text: A frozen beat as Eddie frames an answer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Uh-huh, well, we can look at that.
dialog: But as for the, uh, religious
dialog: aspect—does the depiction of
dialog: Christ Jesus cut the mustard?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: The nature of the Christ is not
dialog: quite as simple as your photoplay
dialog: would have it.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: How so, Father?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Well, it is not the case simply
dialog: that Christ is God, or God Christ.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: You can say that again! The
dialog: Nazarene was not God!
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: PATRIARCH
dialog: He was not not-God.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: He was a man!
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Part God.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: Nossir!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But Rabbi, we all have a little bit
dialog: of God in us don’t we?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: It is the foundation of our belief
dialog: that God is tri-partite.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Father, Son, Holy Ghost.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: And Christ is most properly
dialog: referred to as the Son of God. It
dialog: is the son of God who takes the
dialog: sins of the world upon himself so
dialog: that the rest of God’s children, we
dialog: imperfect beings, through faith,
dialog: may enter the kingdom of heaven.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: So God is... split?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Yes.
text: Eddie nods.
dialog: .-. And no!
text: Eddie frowns.
speaker_heading: PATRIARCH
dialog: There is unity in division.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: And division in unity.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Not sure I follow, Padre.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: Young man, you don’t follow for a
dialog: very simple reason: these man are
text: screwballs.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: God has children? What, and a dog?
dialog: A collie maybe? God doesn’t have
dialog: children. He’s a bachelor. And very
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: He used to be angry!
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: What, he got over it?
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: You worship the god of another age!
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Who has no love!
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: Not true! He likes Jews.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: God loves everyone!
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: God is love.
speaker_heading: PATRIARCH
dialog: God is who is.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: This is special? Who isn’t who is?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: But how should God be rendered in a
dialog: motion picture?
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: God is not in the motion picture!
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Then who is Todd Hocheiser?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Gentlemen, maybe we're biting off
dialog: more than we can chew.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: We don’t need to agree on the
dialog: nature of the deity: if we can
dialog: focus on the Christ, whatever his,
dialog: uh, parentage. My question is: is
dialog: our depiction fair?
speaker_heading: PATRIARCH
dialog: I’ve seen worse.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: So I can put you in the plus
dialog: column, Patriarch?
text: The Patriarch gives a musing nod. Eddie turns to the
dialog: minister.
dialog: ... Reverend?
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: There is nothing to offend a
dialog: reasonable man.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Father?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: The motion picture teleplay was
dialog: respectful and exhibited
dialog: tastefulness and class.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: Who made you an expert all of a
dialog: sudden?
text: Eddie turns to the Rabbi.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: «+. And what do you think, Rabbi?
text: The rabbi shrugs and affects mildness.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: Eh. I haven’t an opinion.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFERENCE ROOM DOOR - DAY
text: Eddie Mannix emerges, dabbing at sweat.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: How'd we do?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Mm. What’s up?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: Can’t find Baird Whitlock. He left
dialog: the set over an hour ago, said he
text: was going to his dressing room but
text: he isn’t there.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Out on a bender? Am I crazy, middle
dialog: of the day?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You're not crazy, but no. I checked
dialog: the Til Two, Dan Tana’s, Rusty
dialog: Scupper. No soap.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Home, maybe? Called his wife?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What’d Laura say?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: He’s not home, he’s never home,
dialog: he’s a louse, try one of his
dialog: chippies.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Called that script girl, what's her
dialog: name—Francie?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Any of the gals missing from the
dialog: set?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well...
text: (looks at his watch)
dialog: Gone an hour? We won’t worry yet.
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: INT. LINEN TRUCK - DAY
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: Baird Whitlock’s head lolls in the foreground, waggling with
text: the motion of the vehicle. His body—he is still in wardrobe,
text: leather skirt and a breastplate over his white
text: tunic—stretches away into the background: he is laid out,
text: unconscious, on a paddy-wagon style bench. At the end of the
text: bench in the background we see, cropped and soft, a goon ina
text: double-breasted suit, his forearms on his knees, smoking.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD BLVD - DAY
speaker_heading: THE STREET
text: Hollywood Boulevard. The truck roars by. Its paneled side
dialog: says “Al’s Linens.”
scene_heading: EXT. STUDIO GATE - DAY
text: Hobie Doyle is pulling up in a chauffeured car. The guard
text: looks in the back window and is surprised to see the Western
dialog: star.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: How ya doing, Hobie.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Lo there, Scotty.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: They got you shooting on the lot?
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Wul, Mr. Mannix pulled me off the
dialog: Western, says I’m doin’ a movie on
text: a soundstage. They built a drawing
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Ya don’t say.
scene_heading: INT. STAGE / TANK - DAY
speaker_heading: UNDER WATER
text: A bathing beauty in a sequined mermaid suit swims free-armed
text: but wriggle-tailed, constrained by her fake nether-parts.
text: From our underwater perspective we hear burbling music.
dialog: 25.
text: After a beat of her swimming solo many bodies shoot down into
text: the water to join the mermaid, entering foreground and
text: background in headfirst dives that leave bubble-trails. The
text: beauties swim loops and then wave themselves back up toward
text: the surface, smiling.
text: But the mermaid remains. She approaches a foreground sunken
text: treasure chest. Atop its gold coins sits a silver crown
text: which the mermaid seems to recognize as her own. She reaches
text: for it, smiling-but as she does so a shadow travels over her,
text: near-to-deep. And then great jaws hinge closed behind her,
text: capturing her-and the lens-in the black belly of a whale.
text: We linger in black. Water surface slowly emerges from the
text: black: we are high above the water now, looking straight
text: down. With our change in perspective the music now blares
text: undistorted.
text: In the tank below us the bathing beauties spin in a formation
text: that goes through constant kaleidoscopic change. In the
text: center of the circle formed by the beauties a dark shape
text: begins to resolve itself: something is surfacing amid the
dialog: girls.
text: It is the whale. As it breaches amid the swimmers its
text: blowhole, directly beneath the lens, spouts. Jetting water
text: rises toward us.
text: Something else is rising, borne up by the jetting water: a
text: sundae-cup coach of sorts. In it rides the mermaid,
text: triumphantly ascending.
text: Her ascent ends high, high, high above the tank. The
text: spouting water recedes but her sundae cup remains magically
text: suspended in air.
text: She opens the cup's gate-door and looks down at the water,
text: far, far below. As a drum roll builds she prepares to dive.
dialog: And does dive.
text: She splashes into the water and is lost from view. A
text: suspenseful hold, on nothing.
text: And now she emerges from the water, rising again, now ona
text: pedestal and now wearing her silver crown, recovered in what
text: offscreen neptunian rite who can say.
text: The mermaid is proud of herself, proud of her crown, proud of
text: her bathing-beauty minions-but then pride evaporates. Some
text: internal struggle. She seems to be getting angry.
dialog: 26.
text: She yanks off the crown and tosses it away, squalling:
speaker_heading: MERMAID
dialog: Wardrobe!
text: The music slows to sludge and stops.
text: The mermaid flops into the water and splashes awkwardly
text: toward the side of the tank, her fluke spanking the surface
text: as cowed bathing beauties make way and an off-mike voice
dialog: yells “Cut!”
scene_heading: INT. STAGE - DAY
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MERMAID
text: A minute later: she is leaned back on a canvas chair, her
text: face set in a grimace, a gurgle of effort building in her
text: throat. Two men behind hold her in place, each with an arm
text: looped over her shoulder and under an armpit.
text: After a long straining moment:
speaker_heading: MERMAID
speaker_heading: GAH!
text: With her cry there is a rubbery thwop-sound of suction giving
dialog: way, and we cut to the reverse:
text: A stagehand staggers back, holding the now freed bottom half
text: of her scaly mermaid outfit. He tips it backfin-upward and a
text: little water dribbles out.
text: The mermaid is now wearing scaly top-half of her outfit only.
text: Coming from beneath it, below her waist, is a conventional
text: Catalina swimsuit. She feels tenderly at her stomach as an
text: assistant director enters.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: Gas again, ma’am?
speaker_heading: MERMAID
dialog: MA‘AM? MISS? Am I married?
dialog: A.D.
dialog: No miss.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MERMAID
dialog: No. Yeah, sure, gas again.
dialog: (Eddie approaches; she
dialog: indicates him)
dialog: Ask him, he knows. Okay, scram.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: How are you, DeeAnna?
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: How am I. Wet. And I don’t think
dialog: I’'ll fit in the fish-ass after this
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well, we should have the water
dialog: ballet in the can after tomorrow;
dialog: in the nightclub scene wardrobe'’11
dialog: have a gown for you that's more...
dialog: forgiving. Um... any more thoughts
dialog: about who you might marry?
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: HAH! Ain't doin' that again! I had
dialog: two marriages, and it just cost the
dialog: studio a lotta money to bust’em up.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well we had to have those anulled—
dialog: one was to a minor mob figure and—
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: Vince was not minor!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And Buddy Flynn was a bandleader
dialog: with a long history of narcotic
dialog: use.
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: Yeah yeah, they were both louses,
dialog: yes, and that’s what I’m sayin’. A
dialog: third louse ain’t gonnna do me no
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We've offered you some very
text: suitable, clean young men.
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: Pretty boys, sap, and swishes! You
dialog: think if there was some good steady
dialog: reliable man I wouldna grabbed him?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: EDDIE i”
dialog: Well, what about Arne Seslum? He is
dialog: the father, isn’t he?
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: Yeah yeah.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The marriage doesn’t have to last
dialog: forever. But, DeeAnna, having a
dialog: child without a father would
dialog: present a public relations problem
dialog: for the studio. The aquatic
dialog: pictures do very nicely for us,
dialog: and—
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: So you strap on the fish-ass and
dialog: Marry Arne Seslum!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The pictures do well for all of us.
dialog: And it’s a tribute to you: the
dialog: public loves you because they know
dialog: how innocent you are. Let me see if
dialog: Arne is open to, um... matrimony.
dialog: You're sure he’s the father?
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: Yeah yeah. Absolutely. He’s the
dialog: father, yeah. Pretty sure.
text: Eddie has been nodding and making to withdraw. The last
text: sentence gives him pause but DeeAnna, ready to get back to
dialog: work, projects:
dialog: «+. Okay Maxie, bring me my ass
dialog: back!
scene_heading: EXT. COAST HIGHWAY - DAY
text: The “Al’s Linen’s” truck rattles by. We hear the crash of
dialog: surf.
text: Up ahead, on the right side of the road is a weathered sign
text: for “Rudy’s Fish Shack—500 yards.” Just before the sign is a
text: turn-off to the left, onto an unpaved and rutted road. The
text: truck makes the left turn.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. STAGE / DRAWING ROOM - DAY
text: People in formal-wear lounge, chatting.
text: Hobie Doyle enters stiffly in a tuxedo. He tugs at his
dialog: collar.
text: A distinguished-looking man, middle-aged, well dressed but
text: not in wardrobe, hastens to greet Hobie. He is the director,
dialog: Laurence Laurentz.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: My dear boy, you look wonderful,
dialog: how do you feel?
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Well this here collar is a little
dialog: tight.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: No no, nicely fit, looks a marvel,
dialog: just takes a little getting used
dialog: to. Now you enter here, Hobie,
text: having just seen Biff’s valise in
text: the foyer—in spite of Allegra’s
dialog: claim that he hasn’t been to the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: I’m sweet on Allegra.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Indeed you are.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
text: But I seen Biff’s grip.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Indeed you have. And so here we
dialog: find you haunted by unspoken
dialog: suspicions.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
text: Haunted. By Biff’s grip.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: By his valise, yes, but then here
dialog: is Dierdre,
dialog: (indicates actress on
text: couch who coldly examines
dialog: Hobie—a veteran with no
dialog: patience for the rookies)
dialog: «+. harboring deep feelings for
dialog: you, and sensing opportunity.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Dierdre.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Dierdre, yes. So at her
dialog: importuning, you join her on the
text: couch, and conversation ensues.
text: Hobie is concerned.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: (troubled)
dialog: So now she’s gonna importune, Mr.
dialog: Laurence?
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Laurentz.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Oh, I’m sorry. She’s gonna
dialog: importune? Is that somethin’ I
dialog: should, uh, be concerned about—
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: She'll simply ask you to join her
dialog: on the couch, is all I mean to say,
text: and conversation ensues.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Okay, I gotcha.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Very good, very good, let’s try one
dialog: shall we?
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Sure, I'll give her a go.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Wonderful, splendid.
text: (turns away but turns back
dialog: with a thought)
dialog: The only thing I would suggest is,
dialog: before your first line, you respond
text: to her line with a mirthless
dialog: chuckle.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
text: A mirthless chuckle.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Yes, given your unspoken suspicions
text: about Allegra, a mirthless chuckle.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Okay, Mr. Laurence, I'll give it
dialog: a—
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Laurentz.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Oh, gosh, I’m sorry, Mr. Laurentz.
dialog: I‘ll give it a shot.
speaker_heading: THROUGH FILM
text: A clapper-boy ID’s and whacks a slate on “Merrily We Dance.”
text: Laurence Laurentz’s voice calls “Action!”
text: Those assembled in the parlor come to life in a pantomime of
text: civilized conviviality, chatting and laughing.
text: Hobie enters, an uneasy backward glance referring perhaps to
text: the unseen grip.
speaker_heading: DIERDRE
dialog: Oh, Monty! Come join me on the
dialog: divan!
text: Briefest who-me confusion from Hobie. With a quick recovery
text: he manages a fairly casual saunter to the couch where he
text: plants himself—not close to Dierdre. She slides over to
text: close the gap between them, and she is now all warmth and
text: sympathy. Her voice is musical and upper-crust:
speaker_heading: DIERDRE (CONT'D)
text: It seems Allegra's a no-show, which
dialog: is simply a bore, but I can partner
dialog: you in bridge.
dialog: (reacting to him)
dialog: Why the pout?
text: Gazing at the floor, Hobie gives a short loud laugh that
text: sounds like a Heimlich-expulsion. A flinch from the actress.
text: Hobie’s grin abruptly drops, and, still gazing at the floor:
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Would that it were sooooo...
dialog: simple.
dialog: 
text: A beat, the actress looking at him, Hobie looking at the
dialog: floor.
text: The beat grows longer... longer...
dialog: Voice of Laurence Laurentz: “Cut!”
dialog: 32.
text: We cut to Laurence Laurentz sitting in his director’s chair,
text: mouth slightly open, staring without expression as he tries
text: to frame his notes.
text: He abruptly rises and walks into the set to join Hobie.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Very good—wonderful in fact. But
dialog: let's try it a little differently
dialog: this time—
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: —let’s try, well let’s see, first
dialog: of all why don’t we dispense with
text: the mirthless chuckle.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
text: No mirthless chuckle.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: No, no need, really—it was a bad
dialog: idea, bad directorial—my fault,
dialog: overthinking the thing.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Well if you say so, but I’m happy
dialog: to do another—maybe try her one
dialog: more time—I mean if you want that
dialog: chuckle I sure wanna give her to
dialog: ya—
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: No no no, completely unnecessary
dialog: under the circumstances, I think
dialog: the audience can to that extent
dialog: read your thoughts, and will assume
dialog: your mirthlessness.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Okay, you’re the bossman, Mr.
dialog: Laurence.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Laurentz.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Oh, gosh, I’m sorry, Mr. Laurentz—
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Also, let’s try, this time,
dialog: actually looking at Dierdre as we
text: speak, looking into her eyes, and
dialog: speaking our line with a certain...
dialog: ruefulness.
text: Hobie nods agreement.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Ruefulness, okay.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Yes. Because it’s not so simple.
text: Not so simple as she suggests.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Your feelings are not so simple.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Nawsir. Okay.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Splendid.
speaker_heading: THROUGH FILM
text: A clapper-boy ID’s and whacks a slate on “Merrily We Dance”
text: identifying the scene number and Take 2.
text: Laurence Laurentz’s voice calls “Action!”
text: Those assembled in the parlor come to life in a pantomime of
text: civilized conviviality, chatting and laughing.
text: Hobie enters.
speaker_heading: DIERDRE
dialog: Oh, Monty! Come join me on the
dialog: divan!
text: Smoothly this time, Hobie joins her on the sofa. When he sits
text: he is still not close; she slides to him. The same music in
dialog: her intonation:
speaker_heading: DIERDRE (CONT'D)
text: It seems Allegra's a no-show, which
dialog: is simply a bore, but I can partner
dialog: you in bridge.
dialog: (reacting to him)
dialog: Why the pout?
dialog: 34.
text: Hobie looks at her, somewhat shifty-eyed, not comfortable
text: with the eye contact.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: (rueful)
dialog: Would that?
dialog: (slight beat; sad head-
dialog: shake)
dialog: It were soooo... simple.
dialog: Voice of Laurence Laurentz: “Cut!”
text: Hobie looks hopefully to the approaching Laurence Laurentz.
text: The director, feeling his look, puts on a smile.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Good, very good. Wonderful, in
dialog: fact. Let’s try, this time...
text: He balls a fist and brings it to his mouth and stares at the
text: floor, thinking.
text: Hobie waits, gazing up at him.
dialog: At length:
speaker_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ (CONT’D)
dialog: All right, let’s try this, your
dialog: line, just say it as I say it, say
dialog: your line exactly as I’m about to.
text: Just as I’m about to do.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Sure, okay.
dialog: Beat to focus attention, and then:
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: (rueful, and British-
dialog: accented)
dialog: Would that it’were so simple.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Would that ih twuuuuuuh, so simple.
text: Laurence Laurentz stares at him.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: My dear boy, why do you say
dialog: that—why do you say, “twuuuuuh”?
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Well you said, say it like I say
dialog: it.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Yes but—
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Would that it twuuuuuuh, so simple.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Would that it’were so simple.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Would that ih twuuuuuh, so simple.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Would that it’were so simple.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Okay, I’m tryin to do that, Mr.
speaker_heading: Laurentz—
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Laurence.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: I thought—um, a minute ago it was
speaker_heading: Laurentz—
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: We can use Christian names, my good
dialog: dear boy. Laurence is fine—
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: —yust as I call you Hobie. So,
dialog: “Would that it’were so simple.”
text: Trippingly.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Would that it twuuuuh—
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: You seem to be lingering, it’s
text: interminable—
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Oh gosh.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: —I'm wondering when it’1l end, the
dialog: “were,” and we shouldn’t have to
dialog: wonder, should we, we should be
dialog: marching right along to “so
dialog: simple”!
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Would that ih...
dialog: (after hesitating, rushed)
dialog: twersasimple. Twersasimple.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Would that it were so simple. Not
dialog: “simple!” Just...
dialog: (relaxed)
dialog: simmple.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Simmmple. Simmmple. Gosh, I can’t
text: seem to cinch m’saddle up on
dialog: this’n, Larry—
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Larry! Good God, Christian names,
dialog: yes, but not Larry.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY
scene_heading: FROM A HIGH BLUFF
text: We are looking down into a hidden box cove of the Pacific
text: Ocean, rugged and secluded. Surf pounds into the teeth of
text: jagged rocks just offshore. Nestled in the canyon just above
text: the cove’s tiny beach is a modernist octahedral beach house.
text: The “Al’s Linen’s” truck is parked where the beach road ends
text: just in front of the house. The goon from inside the truck
text: now has Baird Whitlock in a fireman’s carry, taking him to
text: the house’s front door.
text: We jump down close—the surf louder here—as the goon knocks.
text: The knock brings furious dog-yapping from inside the house.
text: We are close on Baird’s head upside-down against the big
text: man’s back. Just past the two men the door swings open, and
text: as the big man steps in he turns to negotiate Baird’s body
text: through the doorway, Baird’s sandaled legs sweeping toward
dialog: us.
text: There are two men waiting inside. The one at the door is
text: middle-aged, with sad eyes: He is John Howard Herman.
text: The deeper man is the room is heavy-set, and in a cheap suit
text: not freshly pressed. Near him, a springer spaniel frantically
text: spins in place yapping, excited to have visitors.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Quiet, Engels!
dialog: 37.
text: When the goon has passed with his Roman cargo the sad-eyed
text: John Howard Herman swings the door toward us, filling the
dialog: lens.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE’S OFFICE - DAY
text: On the other side of Eddie’s desk is producer Walt Dubrow.
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: Stall?! For how long? What do I
dialog: tell the director?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That we’re looking for him. But we
dialog: don’t want it in the gossip
text: columns—Baird on a bender or ina
dialog: love nest or wherever we end up
text: finding him. As far as the set is
dialog: concerned it’s business as usual.
text: Tell the A.D. Baird is out briefly
text: with a high ankle sprain.
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: Fine, but what do we shoot without
dialog: him? We got the brasier scene up
dialog: this afternoon.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Could you get through it shooting
dialog: around him?—Maybe use his stunt
dialog: double, Chunk Mulligan.
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: Chunk can’t act.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Get the writer to trim his
dialog: speeches.
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: Well, maybe, but then what? All we
dialog: got left is the final
text: scene—Autolochus’s speech at the
text: feet of the penitent thief.
text: Eddie grimaces.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: It’s the emotional climax of the
dialog: entire picture!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: DUBROW (CONT'D)
dialog: We have to see that Autolochus has
dialog: absorbed the message of the Christ!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah, I can see that.
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: We need Baird’s star power, his
dialog: charisma.
text: A wave of Eddie’s hand communicates the ineffable:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sure, his emotional, uh—
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: This can’t be faked! This is the
dialog: heart and soul of the picture!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I understand—
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: End of the movie, we can’t give
dialog: that speech to some—some—some
dialog: Roman schmoe!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah, yeah I got it. But his
dialog: benders can last a day or two—what
dialog: does it cost to shut down?
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: Plenty. You know how big the
dialog: picture is, we’re on Stages 5 and
dialog: 14, if we’re carrying everybody in
text: the last scene who’s up on
text: crucifixes that’s three-forty an
dialog: hour hardship pay eight hour
dialog: minimum—
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah yeah.
text: (his phone buzzes; he
dialog: punches the button)
dialog: Not now.
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: —not to mention we lose Todd
text: Hocheiser to Fox at the end of the
dialog: week.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shoulda made him exclusive; who
dialog: knew.
dialog: (another buzz from the
dialog: Phone)
dialog: Not now!
speaker_heading: NATALIE’S VOICE
dialog: It’s Mr. Laurentz, Mr. Mannix! I
dialog: can’t stop him!
text: The door bursts open and Laurence Laurentz storms in. Natalie
text: has trailed him to the door, where she hovers.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It’s all right, Natalie. Okay Walt,
dialog: lemme know—
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Mannix, I won’t have it! For two
dialog: decades the name “Laurence
dialog: Laurentz” has meant something to
dialog: the public!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What’s on your mind, uh...
dialog: Laurence?
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Hobie Doyle cannot act!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hobart Doyle is one of the biggest
dialog: movie stars in the world.
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: On horseback! But this is drama,
dialog: Mannix—real drama, an adaptation
dialog: of a Broadway smash! It requires
dialog: the skills of a trained thespian,
dialog: not a rodeo clown. I begged you for
dialog: Lunt!
dialog: Natalie has been hesitant to butt in:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Mr. Mannix, I’m sorry but—you
dialog: wanted me to make sure you didn’t
dialog: miss your lunch at the Imperial
dialog: Gardens. You never told me who
dialog: with.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Right.
text: (looks at watch, grimaces)
dialog: Nuts. Look: no one wants to see
dialog: Lunt. We’re not recasting; this
dialog: came from Mr. Schenk himself: it’s
dialog: Hobie Doyle. Is the boy game?
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ
dialog: Oh, he’s game. And gamey!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: If he needs help it's your job to
dialog: help him. I’1l have a talk with
text: Hobie and take a look at what
dialog: you've shot—but right now I’ve got
text: a lunch.
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: The pounding of surf fades up, the sound close but somewhat
text: muffled by interior perspective.
text: We are fading up wide on Baird Whitlock, lying on his back,
text: still unconscious. He lies on a patio chaise lounge made of
text: thin plastic tubing stretched across an aluminum frame. We
text: are in a storeroom, the chaise being the room’s only piece of
dialog: furniture.
text: A muffled ding-dong from the front of the house. We hear the
text: springer spaniel, stirred by the bell to yapping.
text: With much plastic-squeaking Baird rolls onto his side and
text: nestles his head into the chaise’s tubing-upholstery. In his
dialog: sleep he murmurs:
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: What truth to these mutterings,
dialog: Sestimus...
text: He subsides to snoring.
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: MAIN ROOM
text: The sad-eyed man, John Howard Herman is opening the front
text: door to several visitors. The first visitor enters: murmured
text: greetings, solemn handshake. Another man, another sober
text: handshake.
dialog: 41.
text: Then an elderly man in tweeds clutching his pipe, the
text: greeting for him especially deferential. Then a man with a
text: briefcase; he sets it down so that he may greet by means of a
text: hug. He picks up the briefcase, makes way for the next man.
text: A counter separates the entryway from a small kitchen. In it,
text: the man we saw shushing the dog when Baird was brought in is
text: carefully cutting the crusts off of finger sandwiches and
text: stacking them on a platter.
text: As the dog yaps in a frenzy of delight at all the visitors,
text: the man reacts without looking up:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Quiet, Engels!
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL GARDENS - DAY
text: A gong stings the cut to the interior of this Chinese
dialog: restaurant.
text: Arthur Fung, a grave-looking man in a dark suit and
text: conservative tie, greets Eddie Mannix.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR FUNG
dialog: How pleasant to see you, Mr.
dialog: Mannix, your table is right over
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thank you, Arthur.
text: They splash through a curtain of beads to approach a booth at
text: which another man sits, a drink with an umbrella before him,
text: an ashtray and an Imperial Gardens matchbook next to it, a
text: cigarette in his hand. He rises to shake.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: How ya doing, Mannix.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Mr. Cuddahy.
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: Mix a hell of a mai-tai. I like
dialog: this place.
text: The men seat themselves facing each other.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sorry to keep you hanging—it’s a
dialog: tough decision.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: Nothing to apologize for—we said
text: the offer was on the table for a
dialog: week.
text: Cuddahy has noted Eddie eyeing his cigarettes. He picks up
text: the pack and offers with a hitch of the wrist that sends four
text: cigarettes nosing out of the top of the foil.
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY (CONT'D)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Nah, I’m... I’ve been trying to...
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: The deadline was tomorrow, but,
dialog: frankly, we were surprised not to
dialog: get a quick yes. I just wanted to
dialog: see if there was some impediment we
dialog: could help with, or if something in
dialog: the offer isn’t clear?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The offer’s very clear. And very
dialog: generous.
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: We want to make it easy for you to
dialog: say yes. Look Mannix, we need a guy
dialog: with your talents in management,
dialog: problem-solving. And you need to
dialog: think about the future. Lockheed is
text: booming—it’s reflected in the
dialog: offer we made you. Everyone is
dialog: riding in airplanes, and we're
text: moving into jet airplanes. It’s a
dialog: new age, Mannix, and we’re part of
dialog: it; the industry you're in—what’s
dialog: the future there? What happens when
dialog: everybody owns a television set?
dialog: Will they still be going to
dialog: pictures every week?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well, we—
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: I don’t mean to denigrate; I’m sure
dialog: the picture business is pretty
dialog: damned interesting. But it’s also
dialog: pretty frivolous, isn’t it?
dialog: Aviation is serious; serious
dialog: business, serious people.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY (CONT'D)
dialog: You won’t be babysitting a bunch of
text: oddballs and misfits, shouldering a
dialog: lot of crackpot problems from
dialog: people who—
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Look, we have some kooks, sure—
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: Course they’re kooks, it’s all make-
dialog: believe!
dialog: (quick grimace and smile;
dialog: he leans back)
dialog: I told myself I wasn’t gonna
dialog: badmouth the competition, and looka
dialog: me. Sorry, Mannix, I’1l stick to
dialog: what we’re about. Lemme show you
dialog: something.
dialog: (digs in a pocket)
dialog: Ever heard of the Bikini Atoll?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: It was a test site, couple of rocks
dialog: in the South Pacific—till a few
dialog: weeks ago. Then we blew the Aitch-
dialog: erino. Not supposed to be telling
dialog: you this.
dialog: (hands Eddie a picture)
text: The real world. Hydrogen bomb.
dialog: Fusion device.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Armageddon.
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: And Lockheed was there. We had a—
text: He cuts himself off. A splash of the bead curtain.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Call for you, Mr. Mannix.
text: The waitress, in a red embroidered sheath dress, is entering
text: with a telephone. She plugs it in. As she leans to set it on
text: the table Cuddahy swipes the picture from Eddie’s hand where
text: it was exposed to view.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thank you... Hello?... And he has
dialog: it now?... No, have him stay on
dialog: set, I'll go to him.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
text: (slams down the phone and
dialog: rises)
dialog: Sorry, Cuddahy, work emergency.
dialog: Still do work there, for the day
dialog: anyway.
text: (grabs his hat, calls back
text: over his shoulder)
dialog: You make a good case. I’1l let you
dialog: know.
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY
text: There is a dull clunk and we are close on Baird Whitlock, who
text: opens his eyes.
text: Wider: Baird in his centurion’s wardrobe reclining on the
text: beach chaise. The sound of ocean outside.
text: The clunk has punctuated an ongoing machine-hum which
text: continues, cycling louder and softer, its loudest approach
text: always punctuated by a clunk.
text: The lawn chair makes tacky noises as Baird disengages from
text: it. He stiffly sits up. He gazes stupidly about, looking into
dialog: the depth of the room: where am I?
text: He twists to look behind himself, lawn chair crackling, and
text: does a modest take: out the window is the Pacific Ocean.
text: Another clunk and receding machine hum. Baird registers the
text: noise, gets to his feet and walks to the door. It is closed.
text: He reaches for the knob. He tries the knob. It turns. He goes
text: through the door.
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: The main room, in which we saw Baird being brought in and the
text: mysterious visitors entering. It is now empty except for a
text: middle-aged woman with a bandana tied Aunt-Jemima style on
text: her head. She vacuums. Each forward pass of the machine ends
text: with its clunk against the wall.
text: The woman looks up, and shows no particular interest in Baird
text: despite his breastplate and leather skirt. She turns off the
dialog: vacuum.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You one of the Hollywood people?
dialog: 45.
text: Baird stares at her, considering all the possible answers.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: ... Maybe.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: They’re in there.
text: A jerk of her head indicates a hallway. She fires up the
text: machine again.
text: Baird looks down the hallway. From one of its rooms, muffled
text: male laughter.
text: He goes cautiously down the hall, the vacuum sound fading
text: away, Male voices fading up. One door is ajar. Baird
text: cautiously bumps it open further.
text: Another round of laughter is interrupted as all turn to look
text: at the Roman-attired man in the doorway. Most of the
text: interrupted party are seated; there are a couple of overflow
text: standees; several men smoke cigarettes, one smokes a cigar;
text: the tweedy elderly man is sunk back in an easy chair smoking
text: a pipe.
text: The springer spaniel leaps and twists and yaps, excited by
text: the new arrival.
speaker_heading: DOG SHUSHER
dialog: Quiet, Engels!
text: Again, this does nothing to quiet the dog. Baird looks from
text: man to man. John Howard Herman, the man who greeted the other
text: arrivals at the door, the apparent host, waves Baird in.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Please! Enter! All are welcome!
text: Baird cautiously enters. One man vacates a seat for him.
text: Baird cautiously sits. His scabbard catches on the chair arm,
text: prompting chuckles from some of the men.
speaker_heading: HERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Those things are a nuisance!
text: A nearby man leans over to help him adjust it. Baird sits
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Thank you. Uh...
dialog: 46.
text: The men look to him, waiting for him to bring out his
dialog: thought. Herman helps:
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Wondering where you are?
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Yeah.
text: The dog has subsided and comes over to sniff at Baird’s
dialog: sword.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Malibu. We’ll have sandwiches in a
dialog: minute. Tea?
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: .-. Tea. Well. Okay. Okay. And...
dialog: and—
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: And what's going on?
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: Well, we've just read the minutes
dialog: and Allen was about to bring up new
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: So... I missed the minutes.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: I wouldn't worry about it.
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: They're usually pretty boring.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Uh-huh. And—what kind of
dialog: meeting—exactly—
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Well it’s not a “meeting,” so much
dialog: as a, a—what should we say?
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: It’s a—more of a, a study group.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: And you're studying... ?
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Oh, all sorts of jolly stuff.
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: History.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Economics.
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: Same thing, isn’t it—history,
dialog: economics?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Don’t you agree?
text: All are looking at Baird.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Well... I’m... I’m not really a
dialog: student of history.
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY
scene_heading: PLATTER OF FINGER SANDWICHES
text: Someone reaches in to take a sandwich off the offered
text: platter.
text: Wider: Baird sits back with the finger sandwich. It is
text: minutes later and the respectful quiet has now given way to
text: the relaxed clatter of people eating, laughing, having side-
dialog: conversations.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Thank you. So man is... split?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Well, man’s functions are split.
dialog: There’s the little guy, the regular
text: Joe, who works for a living. He’s
dialog: the body, uh, body politic. Then
dialog: there’s the brain—the boss, the
dialog: owner—
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: The boss is not the brain!
speaker_heading: ANGRY MAN
dialog: No no! The boss is parasite!
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Well, it’s true that the boss
dialog: doesn’t work, but he has a function
dialog: in the system—
text: Baird looks from man to man, as at a tennis match.
text: He controls the means of—
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: —production, sure, but that’s not
dialog: a function, that’s, that’s—
speaker_heading: ANGRY MAN
dialog: Parasitism! On the body! On the
dialog: body politic! Of the regular Joe!
dialog: It’s—
text: A throat clearing.
text: Everyone instantly quiets. All look to the old man in tweeds
text: who is just lowering his pipe. Having claimed the floor he
text: now speaks with non-argumentative authority.
speaker_heading: MARCUSE
dialog: Man is unitary—a simple economic
dialog: agent. Man’s institutions are
dialog: split, expressing contradictions
dialog: that must be worked through. And
text: they are worked through in a
dialog: causative, predictable way: history
dialog: is science. This is the essence of
dialog: the dialectic.
text: Click! A sallow thin young man with heavy beard shadow has
text: just snapped a picture of Baird. A sickly smile at Baird and
text: then he turns to face someone else in the room
text: and—click!—takes a picture.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: See, if you understand economics,
dialog: you can actually write down what
dialog: will happen in the future, with as
dialog: much confidence as you write down
dialog: the history of the past. Because
dialog: it’s science. It’s not make-
dialog: believe. Like Professor Marcuse
dialog: says. There’s no mystery.
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: We don’t believe in Santa Claus!
text: Hearty guffaws.
dialog: 49.
text: Click! The photographer is edging around the group,
text: continuing his picture-taking.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Another finger sandwich? More tea?
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: But if I—sure, thank you—if I
dialog: follow this, correctly, you—
dialog: (eye caught by man with
dialog: camera)
dialog: Who’s he?
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
text: Mr. Smitrovich takes pictures for
dialog: our newsletter.
text: The sallow picture-snapper smiles again at Baird.
speaker_heading: MARCUSE
dialog: Our understanding of the true
dialog: workings of history gives us access
dialog: to the levers of power. Your
dialog: studio, for instance, is a pure
dialog: instrument of capitalism. As such
text: it expresses the contradictions of
dialog: capitalism, and can be enlisted to
dialog: finance its own destruction.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Which is exciting! It can be made
dialog: to help the little guy, the regular
dialog: Joe—
speaker_heading: ANGRY MAN
dialog: The body politic!
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Shutup!—help the little guy, even
dialog: though its purpose is to exploit
dialog: the little guy.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Okay, so you guys are for the
dialog: little guy.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Well—for the little guy,
dialog: against—it doesn’t matter, history
dialog: will be what it will be, and we
dialog: already know what it will be,
dialog: but—yes, we’re for the little guy,
dialog: aren’t you?
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Are you joking? Me, for the little
dialog: guy? Of course I’m for the little
dialog: guy! Is this guy a comedian?
speaker_heading: FOURTH MAN
dialog: And you would act. To help the
dialog: little guy.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Act?
speaker_heading: FOURTH MAN
dialog: Praxis.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FOURTH MAN
dialog: Act.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Yeah yeah, act yeah, but—sorry
dialog: fellas, this is good stuff, but—I
dialog: oughta get back to work, they must
dialog: be goin nuts—can we cut it off and
dialog: pick it up right here at the next
dialog: study session?
text: The clatter subsides to quiet. Cautious looks are exchanged
text: among the men.
text: Herman, gazing at Baird and nodding, thinking, finally frames
dialog: his opening:
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Okay, well, see: I’m afraid it’s
dialog: not that simple.
text: As we cut wide on the room, the same voice that narrated the
text: sandal epic “Hail, Ceasar!” at the beginning of our movie
text: returns, distinguished, British-accented, authoritative yet
dialog: plummily comforting:
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
dialog: And so Baird Whitlock found himself
dialog: in the hands of Communists...
text: Herman starts to silently explain things to Baird. The scene
text: of cozy bonhomie is framed by the elemental vastness of the
text: ocean outside.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER (CONT’D)
text: Meanwhile, far from the crashing
dialog: surf of Malibu, Eddie Mannix, torn
dialog: from his lunch with the Lockheed
dialog: man...
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL LOT / H.C. STAGE - DAY
text: A montage of Eddie, a tiny, solitary figure, striding through
text: the canyons between enormous sand-colored soundstages.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
text: -.. hurries back to the vastness of
dialog: Capitol Pictures, whose tireless
text: machinery clanks on, producing this
dialog: week’s ration of dreams for all the
dialog: weary peoples of the world.
text: Closer on Eddie as he enters the small door of a soundstage.
text: The light above the door is flashing red.
scene_heading: INT. H.C. STAGE - DAY
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: High-ceilinged darkness and quiet. A man posted at the door
text: hisses at Eddie, entering:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hey, numbskull, didn’t you see the
dialog: “rolling” 1i—Oh, I’m sorry Mr.
dialog: Mannix. Can I help you find
dialog: someone?
text: We have been hearing the distant, echoing voices of two
text: actors, a hoarse-voiced man and a silken-voiced woman.
text: Their voices bump up full as we cut to the periphery of the
text: scene being shot around a great flickering brasier. An actor
text: in centurion’s wardrobe identical to Baird’s has one hand
text: half-covering his face as the other arm stretches out as if
text: to repel the gaze of a revealingly clad slavegirl.
speaker_heading: URSULINA
dialog: Autolochus! Why do you present
dialog: yourself in my chambers in such
dialog: humble fashion?
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CHUNK MULLIGAN
dialog: Do not look upon me, Ursulina. The
text: fires of the brasier of Sestimus
dialog: latterly burned my face, though the
text: unguents of Arkimideus promise
text: shortly to undo the damage.
text: In the foreground Eddie leans in to Walt Dubrow, watching the
text: scene, and whispers:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Walt.
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: Eddie!
text: He fishes a twice-folded paper from his pocket.
text: Eddie holds it up so that he may read by the flickering gag-
text: light that simulates brasier flames. Typewritten:
dialog: We have your movie star.
dialog: Gather $100,000 and await
dialog: instructions.
dialog: Who are We?
dialog: The Future.
speaker_heading: URSULINA
dialog: You know that my love is for you
dialog: not for your station, and neither
dialog: does it care for the transitory
dialog: blemishes that now mark your
text: visage.
text: Eddie gives a low whistle at the contents of the note.
speaker_heading: CHUNK MULLIGAN
dialog: And my ardor for you is yet as warm
dialog: as the embersh of thish
dialog: bra—goddamnit—this brazher. I’m
dialog: sorry, goddamnit.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Cut!
scene_heading: EXT. H.C. TEMPLE SET - DAY
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: Eddie and Walt emerge from the soundstage onto an exterior
text: set with thick temple columns.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: Somebody slipped it under my door
dialog: some time after we broke this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Mention it to anyone?
speaker_heading: DUBROW
dialog: Nope.
text: Eddie gazes, unseeing, down the row of columns as two workmen
text: tip the farthest one, striking it.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Okay, let’s keep it that way.
dialog: (realizes where he is)
dialog: We shot this out?
speaker_heading: DUBROW
text: Chasing the money-lenders from the
dialog: temple? Yeah, last Friday.
text: Eddie nods, thinking.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What do you think they mean, “The
dialog: Future”?
text: Walt answers with a beats-me shrug and headshake. Eddie gazes
text: back down at the note and moseys off—but turns back with a
text: bright finger-cock at Walt:
dialog: «+. Chunk sounded good in there!
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE’S OUTER OFFICE - DAY
text: Eddie bangs through a door that says:
speaker_heading: EDWARD MANNIX
scene_heading: HEAD OF PHYSICAL PRODUCTION
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Natalie, could you please get me
dialog: Stu Schwartz, Accounting?
speaker_heading: INNER OFFICE
text: Eddie strides in as the phone on his desk buzzes:
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: NATALIE’S VOICE
dialog: Stu Schwartz on two.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Stu, how are you. I need some petty
dialog: cash... Hundred thousand. I’m
dialog: sorry, did I say “petty”?...
text: With the handset shoulder-clamped to his ear he stoops and
text: pulls on attaché case from the legwell of his desk and places
text: it on the desktop and pops the clasps and starts emptying it.
dialog: .+. Yeah, well it’s a long story
dialog: and I’1l tell it to ya sometime.
dialog: You have that much in the
dialog: office?... How much space’1l that
dialog: take up?... Okay, this might do it.
dialog: I'll be over in a minute.
text: As soon as he disconnects, Natalie edges into the office.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thora Thacker just came in, wonders
dialog: if you have a moment.
text: Eddie winces.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thora Thacker. Tell her I’m stuck
dialog: on a call. I’1l leave through the
dialog: patio.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL LOT - DAY
text: As Eddie marches past the executive offices with his emptied
text: attaché case, a tall red-haired woman arcs in to march
text: alongside him. He winces.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Call didn’t take so long, then.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yes—no—fast talker. What can I do
dialog: for you, Thora?
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: Well, I'll be fast too. I only
dialog: wanted to notify you as a courtesy
dialog: that I’m running my story on Baird
dialog: Whitlock.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah? What story?
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: The story. I have a credible source
dialog: and I’m going to run it, and I
dialog: think you know what story I mean.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I have no idea—there’s nothing
dialog: going on with Baird—I would know,
dialog: wouldn’t I?
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: Don’t play dumb, Eddie, I’m talking
dialog: about...
dialog: (dramatic pause, dramatic
dialog: delivery)
dialog: “On Wings as Eagles.”
text: This stops Eddie in his tracks. He stares at Thora, wide-eyed
text: and shaken.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What?!
text: She gives him a knowing look and a confirming nod.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: Running it tomorrow.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: First of all—first of all—first
dialog: of all—there’s nothing to that
dialog: story. I’ve heard it, it’s been
dialog: around forever, and it’s never been
dialog: confirmed. And secondly—you can’t
dialog: print that! Even if you could print
dialog: it you couldn’t print it. And you
dialog: wouldn’t want to, Thora, it’s
dialog: beneath you.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: The facts are never beneath me.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: People don’t want the facts, they
dialog: want to believe. That’s our great
dialog: industry—mine, and yours too. They
dialog: want to believe that Baird Whitlock
dialog: is a great star, and a good man.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: You're admitting he isn’t.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, I’m saying he is, though it’s
dialog: beside the point. There’s nothing
dialog: to it, nothing to the gossip.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: I AM NOT A GOSSIP COLUMNIST!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No no, of course not—
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: Don’t confuse me with my sister!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hardly. But look—do you have to
dialog: run it tomorrow?
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: It’s my entire column. I’m happy to
dialog: talk to Baird for comment, but
dialog: it’ll have to be this afternoon.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Baird is unavailable right now.
dialog: Wait one day.
text: A chirping hoot from Thora.
text: Eddie grimaces and lowers his voice confidentially:
dialog: Thora, wait one day and I’1l give
dialog: you a true story for tomorrow's
dialog: column. A little something—about
dialog: Hobie Doyle.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: My readers don’t care about Hobie
text: Doyle. He wears chaps.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Do they care about Carlotta Valdez?
dialog: They’re sweet on each other. You
dialog: should see the two of ‘em together,
text: peas in a pod.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: Trade the story of my career for a
dialog: puff piece on Hobie Doyle? I don’t
dialog: think so.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You're not trading anything, you’re
dialog: waiting one day on a story that’s
dialog: years old. Give me a day, I can let
dialog: you talk to Baird and show you your
dialog: story’s the bunk. And if I’m wrong,
dialog: no skin off your nose, you run the
dialog: column. In the meantime you have an
dialog: exclusive—no one else knows about
text: Hobie and Carlotta.
text: Thora eyes him suspiciously.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: No one?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You're it.
text: Eddie treats the deal as done in hopes that that will help
text: make it so. He smiles at her.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What kind of name is Thora, anyway?
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: It’s a name that nineteen million
dialog: readers trust. Don’t play games
dialog: with them, Eddie.
text: As he starts to trot off, his gesture takes in the entire
dialog: studio:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Nobody's playing games here.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO ACCOUNTING OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: DESK
text: Attaché case on top of the desk, bank-wrapped bills stacked
text: inside.
text: The top of the case is swung down. The two halves of the case
dialog: do not quite meet: too much money inside.
text: Straining pressure.
text: Stu Schwartz arches an eye behind horn-rimmed glasses.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Is that big enough?
dialog: 58.
text: Eddie strains downward as he presses the two clasps, inward,
text: until—snap! snap!—they catch.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL LOT - DAY
text: Eddie Mannix walks through the campus opposite-ways from last
text: time, the attaché case bulging under one arm.
text: A woman arcs in to walk with him—a tall, red-haired woman,
text: Thora Thacker it seems, except that her dress is different.
text: Eddie, as when ambushed earlier, fights to conceal surprise
dialog: and dismay.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hello Eddie, I'm notifying you as a
dialog: courtesy before I run tomorrow’s
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hello, Thessaly, I just saw—never
dialog: mind, what’s up? What’s the story?
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: It’s about Baird Whitlock.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: There is absolutely no truth to
dialog: that old story, believe me!
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Old?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: 1d! Stale! Rotten! And—
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: I'm talking about today.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And there’s—
dialog: (abrupt shift from heated
dialog: to cagey)
dialog: What?
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: A little bird told me he
text: disappeared from the set today.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Oh! That. No no. Yes, he did have
text: to take a break. Minor injury, high
text: ankle sprain.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: What did you think I mean?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, nothing. I saw your sister
dialog: earlier, she was trying to
dialog: resurrect some old gossip about
dialog: Baird.
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: I’m sure she was. That cow. She
dialog: couldn't find a new story if it
text: were taped to her posterior.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well, she’s—
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: High ankle sprain? That’s the best
dialog: you could come up with? We all know
dialog: about the drinking jags and the
dialog: womanizing and the trips to San
dialog: Bernardino.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Baird is a good family man. He has
text: a high ankle sprain.
scene_heading: YOUNG MAN’S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Mannix!
text: A freckled youth in a cardigan sweater is bicycling up the
text: walkway. As he furiously pedals, a Capitol Pictures pennant
text: snaps and flutters from a high antenna off the back fender.
text: He skids to a halt, close.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What’s up, Peanut?
speaker_heading: PEANUT
dialog: Natalie told me to find you PDQ! I
dialog: know it sounds screwy but she said
dialog: someone's calling from the future!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The—good lord! Thessaly, I have to
dialog: run.
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: If you do know where Baird is, let
dialog: me talk to him.
text: Eddie Mannix is already hastening off.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sure—well, I’'1l—find out where he
dialog: is, right away, Thessaly, I’m sure
dialog: he’11—
dialog: (turns with a thought)
dialog: Say, what kind of name is Thessaly,
dialog: anyway?
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: It’s a name that twenty million
dialog: readers trust. They want the truth,
dialog: Eddie.
text: On his hasty retreat:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Truth, yes! We're gonna give it
dialog: to'm!.
text: He jogs off with the bulging attaché case clamped to his
text: side, led by Peanut on his bicycle with its fluttering
dialog: pennant.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE’S OUTER OFFICE - DAY
text: Eddie strides through the outer office.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: On two! And Hobie Doyle is in
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: INNER OFFICE
text: Hobie, in dinner jacket, rises from the chair facing the
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Lo, Mr. Mannix.
text: As he rushes around the desk to the phone and puts down
dialog: attaché case:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thanks for coming, Hobie, one
dialog: second. Mannix here, who—Damn!
text: He looks at the handset he has picked up, shakes his head,
text: cradles it. He hits a button on the phone.
dialog: 61.
dialog: .-+. Hung up, Natalie. Tell me the
text: second they call back.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Eddie looks darkly down at the attaché case.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: ‘T’s goin’ on there, Mr. Mannix,
dialog: looks like you're expectin’ rain.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Nah, it’s—nothing. How’s the first
dialog: day on the picture? Getting
dialog: comfortable?
text: Eddie is still looking down at the bulging attaché case. He
text: pushes experimentally down on the middle of its buldge. He
text: pops the clasps. He redistributes the currency
text: inside—blocked from Hobie’s view by the case itself—as
text: Hobie talks.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Oh, I guess it’s goin’ purt good,
dialog: that Mr. Lau—er, Laurentz, he’s an
dialog: awful good man he’s helpin me get
dialog: through it, I give him all the
dialog: credit in the world, me the new
dialog: hand in the bunkhouse, they got me
dialog: talkin; a lot which takes a little
dialog: gettin’ use to, talkin’ with the
dialog: camera lookin’ at me but heck I
dialog: enjoy.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Good, that’s fine.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Usually on a picture I just say
dialog: “Whitey!” Or “Whoa, there,” but
dialog: this-here it’s talkin’ an’t’s
dialog: people listenin’, threw me little
dialog: at first but I think I got my leg
text: up onner now.
text: Eddie has closed the case again and does the clasps. He
text: assesses its shape as he talks to Hobie:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well that’s fine. Laurence came in
dialog: this morning to tell me how well
dialog: you're doing, he’s very impressed.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You just continue to do whatever he
dialog: says. He knows how to make a
dialog: quality picture.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Oh that is true, he will not quit
dialog: on a take until it has quality—
text: The phone buzzes.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hang on, Hobie.
text: (punches the intercom
dialog: button)
dialog: That them?
speaker_heading: NATALIE’S VOICE
dialog: Sorry, sir—no, do you want Mrs.
dialog: Mannix on one?
text: He deflates; picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hi hon... Oh, you know—busy... Uh-
dialog: huh... Uh-huh... But I thought he
dialog: asked to play infield... I see...
dialog: Well, maybe we should make him
dialog: honor that commitment...
dialog: 
text: He has reopened the case and is rearranging the money.
dialog: .-- Well that’s true—Of course,
dialog: you're right. Okay, okay, I’1l call
dialog: the coach... Sure. Love you too.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Mr. Mannix, should I run out’n get
dialog: you a bigger grip? That’n looks a
dialog: little snug.
text: Eddie looks up at Hobie and focuses on him for the first
text: time. A long, appraising look.
text: Hobie returns the look, not sure what it means.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hobie: there’s a hundred thousand
dialog: dollars in that attaché case.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ransom money. Baird Whitlock has
dialog: been kidnapped.
text: Hobie stares, shocked. Eddie Mannix nods a grim confirmation.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Well, this is bad. Bad for movie
dialog: stars ever’where.
text: Eddie’s mouth forms a moue of agreement.
speaker_heading: HOBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And you got no idea who’s mixed up
dialog: in this thang?
text: Eddie gives a wagging headshake.
speaker_heading: HOBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I would look at the extries.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The extras. Why?
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Well you just never know about an
dialog: extrie. They come’n go. Everyone
text: else, I’m on the set, I look at the
dialog: guy settin’ the 5K I think, “Why
dialog: there’s old Bud, settin the 5K.”
dialog: Script girl, wrangler, same thang.
dialog: Extries, that’s diffurnt. Not
dialog: makin’ a blanket call here—there’s
dialog: good extries’n bad extries. All I’m
dialog: sayin: you look at an extrie, you
dialog: got no idea what he’s thankin’.
text: Eddie stares at Hobie, contemplating.
text: The silence is broken by the buzz of his phone. Natalie’s
text: voice comes through the unit:
speaker_heading: NATALIE’S VOICE
text: He’s back—line one.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hello!... Yes, I have it... Stage
dialog: 8?... Right. Just leave it there?
dialog: And when do I get Baird?... I’1l do
dialog: it right now.
text: He hangs up, looks at the case, looks at Hobie.
dialog: 64.
dialog: Can I use your belt?
scene_heading: INT. WATERFRONT BAR - DAY
text: We are coming off the lettering on the side of a boat which
text: identifies it as “The Swingin’ Dinghy.”
text: Our move reveals that behind the boat which is suspended by
text: two chains like a lifeboat is a backbar in the middle of
text: which is a clock, just now striking twelve. We move down off
text: the clock to find a bartender looking up at it. A dishrag is
text: draped over his shoulder, a well-chewed cigar stub is planted
text: in his mouth.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
text: The Swingin’ Dinghy is closin’,
dialog: folks. Time for me to clean up,
dialog: time for you to clear out.
text: He moves to get a broom. On his move we widen out to show the
text: bar's clientele: about a dozen sailors and their dates, five
dialog: or six young women. The boat of which this establishment is
text: namesake is a quarter-size model hanging over the bar.
text: The girls are mounting the stairs to leave the cellar bar.
text: One turns back with a farewell:
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: So long, fellas! See ya in eight
dialog: months!
text: The morose sailors all gaze up at the departing girls. The
dialog: bartender asks one sailor:
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Eight months?
text: He is addressing a sailor whose glum look stays on the
text: exiting girls. The look lingers on the door after it closes
text: behind them. The sailor sighs.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: Yeah—we're shippin’ out in the
dialog: mawnin.
text: Another sailor, seated on the stool of a piano near the
text: stairs, is also looking glum.
speaker_heading: SAILOR 2
dialog: Golly: eight months without a dame.
text: The lead sailor, equally downcast, is played by Burt Gurney.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Can ya beat it.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (gruff)
dialog: Yer gonna have to beat it.
text: Visible through a high window-well which gives onto the
text: sidewalk are the gams of a girl who has stopped to adjust the
text: seam of one stocking.
text: Burt, gazing yearningly up at the legs, starts to sing:
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Oh, we’re headin’ out to sea...
text: The production number “No Dames!” begins.
scene_heading: INT. CORNER OF THE SOUND STAGE - DAY
text: The song has developed and the dance begun, but here, off the
text: set, the blaring playback is echoing and not as loud. Eddie
text: Mannix enters the stage. He is dimly lit only by spill from
text: the bar set, house lights turned off for shooting.
text: Eddie gives cautious looks around as he hoists the attaché
text: case, now secured around its middle by a shiny black belt. He
text: gingerly stows the attaché case behind an electrical box
text: bearing the warning, DANGER! HIGH VOLTAGE.
scene_heading: INT. WATERFRONT BAR
text: BACK TO THE SET
text: The song finishes with Burt being ass-bounced and the
text: bartender bellowing:
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Now cut that out! This ain’t that
dialog: kind of place!
text: The general pandemonium of the dancing sailors is arrested by
text: a voice through a megaphone:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: And... cut! Yah, okay. Okay.
text: We cut behind the director seated on a canvas chair onto the
text: back of which his name is stitched: “Arne Seslum.”
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here, Burt Gurney. We go
dialog: again.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: All right, kids, back to one!
dialog: 66.
text: Burt Gurney walks up, boyishly cheerful, and is joined by the
dialog: Bartender.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Anything different, Mr. Seslum?
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: Yah yah yah, no no no, mostly
dialog: pretty good. But this time, don’t
text: put dishrag on bartender’s head.
dialog: You're the star of the picture,
dialog: Burt Gurney. Who cares about the
dialog: bartender, you are the star.
text: The Bartender grumbles, walking away:
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: That’s my whole character, the slow
dialog: burn.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: Gosh, Mr. Seslum, I don’t mind, if
dialog: he wants me to—
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: It is decided!
text: Eddie Mannix walks up.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Lo, Burt.
text: Brightly, before heading back to the set:
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Hello, Mr. Mannix!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Arne, I don’t want to stick my nose
dialog: in other people’s business, but,
dialog: uh, I understand you’ve been, uh,
dialog: associating with DeeAnna Moran?
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: Yah yah we associated.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yes, and she’s—
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: But no more. No more. Don’t you
dialog: worry, Eddie Mannix.
speaker_heading: . EDDIE
dialog: But Arne, you are aware that she’s,
dialog: uh—
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: This must not be in movie
dialog: magazines, that we associated.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, of course not—
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: My wife cannot read this.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Your—excuse me?
text: Arne fishes out a wallet.
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: Ilsa Pflug.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Ilsa...?
text: Arne shows him a picture of himself and a plump woman with
text: braids.
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: Ilsa Pflug-Seslum. In Malmo.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I was not aware of that.
text: Arne flips through, showing more pictures: himself skiing;
text: the family posed together in cable sweaters.
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: Yah, yah, two children.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (sotto)
text: Third on the way, apparently.
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: Do you have physical culture, Eddie
dialog: Mannix? Do you ski?
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, I, uh, never took it up. Seems
dialog: like a lot of fun.
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: Yah, fresh air.
dialog: (thumps himself on chest)
dialog: Air in—
dialog: (he sucks in)
dialog: Out—
dialog: (he blows out)
text: Lungs. Breathe.
dialog: (takes back the wallet)
dialog: I no more associate with DeeAnna
dialog: Moran—it is decided!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Uh-huh—
text: Something on the set, past Eddie’s shoulder, draws Arne’s
text: furious look.
speaker_heading: ARNE
dialog: NO, no, no, don’t swing your arms
dialog: like hairy ape! This is not fat
dialog: stupid people, this is Arne Seslum
dialog: production!
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY
text: Raucous male laughter hits the cut. The men are emerging from
text: the hall into the main room, Baird and Herman in the lead,
text: Baird's arm draped companionably over Herman’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
text: So I feel someone poking me and I
text: wake up and it’s Clark and he says,
dialog: "Well, her keys weren't in there so
dialog: I guess we're walkin’!”
text: Roaring laughter from the Communists.
speaker_heading: BAIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: This was back before Gable was
dialog: Gable.
text: The men make themselves comfortable in the living room with
text: its view of the crashing surf. It is now late day; a red sun
text: hangs beyond the jagged rocks at the mouth of the cove.
text: Baird is lost in misty reminiscence:
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: BAIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: We used to go to San Berdoo every
dialog: weekend, Bob Stack would come
dialog: sometimes, the Blue Grotto was
dialog: still open—Dave Chasen was a
dialog: busboy...
dialog: (the dramatic view finally
dialog: registers)
dialog: Quite a place! Yours?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Oh, gracious no. It belongs to a
dialog: member of our study group. He
dialog: couldn’t be here this
dialog: afternoon—he’1l be sad to have
dialog: missed you. He’s a fan.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Uh-huh, that’s swell. So I black
dialog: out, wake up here and I’m thinking,
dialog: Baird, you have got to stop doing
dialog: this!
dialog: (laughter)
dialog: But you’re saying, actually,
dialog: technically I’ve been... kidnapped.
text: Again, agreeable laughter from the Communists. Herman smiles
dialog: as well.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Well, technically, yes.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: And there’s gonna be a ransom.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I'd hardly call it “ransom.”
text: Herman indicates the speaker.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Benedict there—that’s Benedict de
dialog: Bonaventure—wrote “The House of
dialog: Ahasuaris.”
text: A low whistle from Baird. Herman nods.
speaker_heading: HERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes. Enormous hit, made the studio
dialog: millions of dollars. Did you see
dialog: any of those millions of dollars,
dialog: Ben?
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: BENEDICT
dialog: I did not.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Dutch over there—Dutch
dialog: Zweistrong—wrote “All The Way To
dialog: Uruguay.”
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: (testy)
dialog: I wrote all the “All The Way”
dialog: pictures.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: All successful. You see any of the
dialog: profits, Dutch?
text: Dutch gives a short barking laugh.
speaker_heading: HERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: All of us here are writers. The
dialog: pictures originated with us,
dialog: they're our ideas, but they’re
dialog: owned by the studio. I’m not saying
dialog: only writers are being exploited—tI
dialog: mean, look at yourself, Baird.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Oh, you know—the studio takes care
dialog: of me.
speaker_heading: ANGRY MAN
dialog: What’re you, a child?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: (apology for the bad
dialog: manners )
dialog: I think what Herschel’s trying to
dialog: say is, just because the studio
dialog: owns the means of production, why
dialog: should it be able to take the
dialog: money—our money, the value created
dialog: by our labor—and dole out what it
dialog: pleases? That’s not right. So—no.
dialog: No, I wouldn’t call it “ransom.”
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Payback.
speaker_heading: FOURTH MAN
text: Partial payback.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Now, until quite recently our study
dialog: group had a narrow focus. We
dialog: concentrated on getting Communist
dialog: content into motion
dialog: pictures—always in a sub rosa way,
dialog: of course. And we've been pretty
dialog: darn successful. You remember, in
text: “Kerner’s Corner”—the Town Hall
text: scene, where the aldermen overturn
dialog: the rotten election and make Gus
dialog: the mayor?
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: (getting it, nodding)
dialog: Oh! Yeah. Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: I like to think we’ve changed a few
dialog: minds. But then—well, Dr. Marcuse
dialog: came down from Stanford, joined the
dialog: study group. And started teaching
dialog: us about direct action. Praxis.
dialog: Action.
text: Faintly gesturing with his pipe:
scene_heading: DR. MARCUSE
dialog: We each pursue our own economic
dialog: interest—we ourselves are not
dialog: above the laws of history. But in
dialog: pursuing our interest with vigor,
dialog: we accelerate the dialectic, and
dialog: hasten the end of history and the
dialog: creation of the New Man.
speaker_heading: ANGRY MAN
dialog: Plus, we make a little dough.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Shutup! We're not even talking
dialog: about money; we're talking about
dialog: economics.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Uh-huh. Sure. Good. Good stuff.
dialog: So—do I get a share of the ransom?
text: Chuckles all around. Herman gives a weak smile.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Well—no, Mr. Whitlock. You could
dialog: hardly share in your own ransom.
dialog: That would be unethical.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Well, I don’t know if that’s fair,
dialog: fellas! The whole set-up only works
dialog: if I play along, right, if I don’t
dialog: let on I know who kidnapped me?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Yes. That’s right.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: So what if I don’t play along? What
dialog: if I named names?
text: The smiling faces around him harden.
text: Baird, committed, plows on:
speaker_heading: BAIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. Just... told the truth?
text: The alienation is palpable. Herman alone seems unruffled:
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: I don’t think you'll do that, Mr.
dialog: Whitlock. What if we told the
dialog: truth, about—”On Wings as Eagles?”
text: Baird instantly sobers.
text: He looks up at the men around him, their faces set. He looks
text: at Herman, the one person still smiling.
scene_heading: INT. SID SIEGELSTEIN’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Eddie Mannix arrives to lean against his door jamb. The legal
text: bullpen, rows of decks, is at his back.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sid, we have to work something out
dialog: for DeeAnna Moran.
text: Sid looks up from his paperwork.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: She get married again?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, that’s the problem. Having a
dialog: child, not married.
text: A whistle from Sid.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Tough.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah. No father. Well, of course
dialog: there is one, somewhere...
text: He waves airily. Sid nods understanding.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: But who knows...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Exactly. So is there any way
dialog: she—I’m just spitballing here—any
dialog: way she could adopt her own child?
text: Sid gazes at Eddie. His look drifts off.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Interesting... As a single...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Mm, she disappears for a while,
text: reappears—
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: —and she wants to share her
text: blessings—adopt a child.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Sure, she’s always yearned to be a
dialog: mother...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That’s it.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Well, I don’t see why not. Nothing
dialog: in California statute that
dialog: prohibits adoption by one’s own
dialog: parent.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: This is new ground here.
dialog: Technically, she’d have to give up
dialog: the baby, in order to adopt it, to
dialog: a third... party—
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Joe Silverman.
text: Natalie, with clipboard, approaches from the background.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Joe Silverman, exactly. He’s the
text: foster father for a few days. She
text: hands the kid to Joe, he hands it
dialog: back... I’1l do some research.
dialog: (taps his desktop)
dialog: This is exciting.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Mr. Mannix, it’s five-thirty.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL LOT / EDITING ROOM - DAY
text: It is a very late day. Eddie Mannix strides through the
text: campus with Natalie trailing.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: —and asked all the assistant
dialog: directors. One of them said that an
text: extra in the courtyard-of-Sestimus-—
text: Amydias scene seemed jumpy.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: All right, get Walt the name of the
dialog: the extra so he can bring him in
dialog: and sweat him. Walt should tell him
dialog: we won’t press charges if he tells
dialog: us where Baird’s been taken.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: If he plays dumb—or if the A.D.’s
dialog: wrong and he is dumb—check the
text: other extras.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Check. Thessaly Thacker called,
dialog: said you promised her an interview
dialog: with Baird today. Check that, it
dialog: was Thora Thacker.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, it was Thessaly. Tell her he
dialog: was at the doctor longer than
text: expected, she can see him on the
text: set bright and early tomorrow.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Check. And is that last part true?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Let’s hope so. That reminds me: I
dialog: need a list of everyone who worked
text: on “On Wings as Eagles” who’s still
text: at the studio.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: “On Wings as Eagles”—that’s a
dialog: while ago, now. Aside from Baird
dialog: and the director it won’t be a long
dialog: list.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Uh-huh, get it for me. That it?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: One more thing: a Mr. Cuddahy
dialog: called, said you know him.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah yeah.
text: They are mounting a set of steps leading to a long walkway
text: with many doors spaced at short and regular intervals.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Said it’s urgent he see you one
dialog: last time. Suggested same place,
dialog: seven this evening.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What?! Why? Never mind.
dialog: (checks watch)
dialog: Tell him I'll be there.
scene_heading: INT. EDITING ROOM - DAY
text: He bangs through a door:
scene_heading: Cc. C. CALHOUN
speaker_heading: EDITING
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: A stout middle-aged woman is at work at a clattering upright
text: moviola. A cigarette plumes in one hand. The room is layered
text: with stale smoke.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hello, C.C.
text: The woman spins around in her castored chair and the chair
text: creaks as she tips her body back so as to aim her face at
text: Eddie. Her thinkc glasses make her eyes float hugely before
text: her face.
text: The eyes blink.
text: Her voice is emphysemic:
dialog: c.C.
dialog: Hello, Eddie.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Wanna lace up what you have on
dialog: “Merrily We Dance”?
dialog: c.C.
dialog: Just working on it now. I’1l slap
text: on a little music.
text: C.C. brakes the picture, rolls to a trim bin, pulls track
text: from a pin, flanges it on the side of the moviola and then
text: lays it under a sound head. She snaps down the head and rolls
dialog: the movie forward.
text: Eddie leans in to look at the picture cube. Glow from the
text: moviola screen underlights Eddie’s face.
text: A fanfare. On the screen, a card:
scene_heading: LAURENCE LAURENTZ PRESENTS
text: Grease-marks on the print form a V that indicates a fade
dialog: down.
text: As waltz music comes up, an inverted V grease-mark indicates
text: a fade up on a shot of the dancing feet of many people, gowns
text: swirling, tuxedoed legs debonairly stepping.
dialog: Supered on the shot:
text: MERRILY WE DANCE!
text: Another fade-down mark.
text: Lateral track on the feet of a man and a woman, crossing a
text: city sidewalk. The man's feet hurry out of frame as we hear
dialog: him call “Taxi!”
dialog: 77.
text: The woman's feet continue on to bring into frame, when she
text: reaches the curb, the bottom of a cab door being opened for
text: her by the man.
text: As she climbs into the cab we match cut into:
text: The back of the cab. The pretty young woman slides over so
text: that a caddish looking young man can sit in as well. The cab
text: starts into motion.
speaker_heading: CAD
dialog: Back to your place?
speaker_heading: ALLEGRA
dialog: Oh, what a bore. I rather thought
dialog: we might go to Lake Onondega for
dialog: the weekend, just the two of us.
speaker_heading: CAD
dialog: Don't have my valise—I left it in
dialog: your foyer.
speaker_heading: ALLEGRA
dialog: (sly)
dialog: You'll get by without a change.
speaker_heading: CAD
dialog: (wolf)
dialog: Suits me. If you don't mind
dialog: skipping out on your own party,
dialog: Allegra.
speaker_heading: ALLEGRA
dialog: Suits me.
speaker_heading: CAD
dialog: (meaningful)
text: And skipping out on Monty.
speaker_heading: ALLEGRA
dialog: (smile)
dialog: That suits me as well.
text: The man laughs.
speaker_heading: CAD
dialog: Poor Monty.
speaker_heading: ALLEGRA
dialog: What Monty doesn’t know...
speaker_heading: CAD
dialog: «.. won’t hurt Monty.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: SWELL APARTMENT INTERIOR
text: Lateral track on a pair of feet: a man walking down a
text: hallway. As he enters a foyer he comes up short, feet turned
text: halfway toward a valise that has been left under a table.
text: After a considering beat he proceeds on, and we pan his feet
text: to a door which he opens.
text: A match cut around the other side of the door onto the person
text: entering, who is now revealed to be—Hobie Doyle. We are now
text: in the scene we saw being shot.
speaker_heading: DIERDRE
dialog: Oh Monty! Come join me on the
dialog: divaaaaa...
text: As Dierdre beckons Monty her motion slows, and her slowing
text: speech becomes basso before lapsing to quiet and the
text: ratcheting noise of the machine also falls quiet and we are
text: looking at a frozen frame that slowly discolors at the
dialog: center.
text: The discoloration starts to spread outward as the frame
dialog: burns.
text: Eddie looks quizzically at the stalled picture.
text: A rasping voice:
dialog: c.C.
dialog: Reversh.
text: Eddie looks and reacts with a modest but definite take at:
text: C.C. bent double in her chair, the side of her face pressed
text: snugly to the moviola near the gearing for the sound roll.
text: The side of her face is squashed flat against the machine and
text: something cinches the folds of fat at her neck. She is being
dialog: strangled.
speaker_heading: C.Cc. (CONT'D)
dialog: Reversh.
text: Eddie looks helplessly at the machine.
speaker_heading: C.Cc. (CONT'D)
dialog: Reversh.
text: Eddie casts frantically about, locates the forward/reverse
text: switch, flips it.
text: The soundtrack grinds into motion, in reverse. The picture
text: plays likewise.
dialog: 79.
text: As the sound relays feed out her scarf, C.C. has increasing
text: play such that she may slowly draw her head away from the
text: machine.
text: When she is completely free she hits the handbrake, stopping
dialog: the film.
speaker_heading: C.Cc. (CONT'D)
dialog: Shouldn’t wear scarves.
text: She sucks greedily at a cigarette. She flips the reverse
text: switch and the film rolls forward again.
text: Hobie once again enters, looking very dashing in his tux.
speaker_heading: DIERDRE
dialog: Oh Monty! Come join me on the
dialog: divan.
text: The discolored frame flashes by and Monty sits into a
text: brooding close shot on the divan.
speaker_heading: DIERDRE (CONT'D)
text: It seems Allegra's a no-show, which
dialog: is simply a bore, but I can partner
dialog: you in bridge.
dialog: (reacting to him)
dialog: Why the pout?
text: A hold on Hobie as he frames a haunted answer.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: It's... complicated.
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL GARDENS - DAY
text: A gong stings the cut to pushing in to Arthur Fung as he
text: gives a short bow.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR FUNG
dialog: How pleasant to see you again, Mr.
speaker_heading: Manni—
text: SPLASH! A push through the curtain of beads to see Mr.
text: Cuddahy, looking up from his booth, a drink with an umbrella
text: in front of him.
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: Thanks for coming back, Mannix.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: You're taking us down to the wire,
dialog: aren’t ya?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It’s not a ploy—just a big
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: Absolutely! No foul. But the board
dialog: was concerned when I couldn’t give
dialog: ‘em a yes this afternoon, and
dialog: they've authorized me to say this.
dialog: You sign on, your term of contract
dialog: is ten years.
text: Eddie gives a low whistle. Cuddahy nods.
dialog: Yeah. You get it, right? That means
dialog: your stock options are guaranteed
dialog: to vest. You’d never have to work
dialog: again if you chose to retire after
dialog: your term. Think about it: lifetime
dialog: employment; you wouldn’t be a
dialog: glorified working stiff like you
dialog: are now. And you'll be running a
dialog: business, not a circus. Drink?
dialog: (notices Eddie's look)
dialog: Cigarette?
text: Cuddahy proffers the pack which Eddie has been eyeing. Eddie
text: hesitates, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, no I—TI have to run, I, I
dialog: should talk this over with my
dialog: wife—
speaker_heading: CUDDAHY
dialog: Course you should. Talk it over,
dialog: think about your family, let us
dialog: know in the morning. Oh!
dialog: (grinning, produces two
dialog: packages )
dialog: Now, if you think this is a bribe,
dialog: you're absolutely right. Two kids,
dialog: right, boy and a girl? They love
dialog: this stuff. Used to be trains.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: EXT. A SPANISH-STYLE HOME - EVENING
text: Glowing in the early evening.
text: Reverse on its drive. Hobie Doyle leans against a parked limo
text: with his arms folded, waiting, gazing at the mansion. A long,
text: still beat, and then he abruptly sflffs a bunch of sunflower
text: shells out of his mouth.
text: He gazes idly around.
text: He has a thought.
text: He opens the back door of the limo and takes out a length of
dialog: rope.
text: He starts twirling, creating a nice big loop. He expertly
text: tips his wrist to make the loop spin level with the ground at
text: a height of half a foot. He hops in and out of the loop.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hello Hobie.
text: Startled, he muffs a hop-out and the rope dies against his
text: shins.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Oh hello Carlotta.
speaker_heading: CARLOTTA
dialog: Am I late?
text: He coils the rope.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Aw no it ain’t nothin’. Thanks an
dialog: awful bunch for goin’ to this
dialog: picture with me, I don’t know if
dialog: you like livestock but I think it’s
dialog: got moments I really do. You look
dialog: var purty.
speaker_heading: CARLOTTA
dialog: Well, thank you, Hobie. I’m sure
dialog: I'll like the picture—I like all
dialog: of your pictures.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Well I like yours too, they are
dialog: just the craziest things. Is it
dialog: hard to dance with all them bananas
dialog: on your head?
dialog: 82.
text: She plants her purse on her head as she demonstrates a rhumba
dialog: move:
speaker_heading: CARLOTTA
dialog: Oh no, anyone can do it, is all
dialog: inna hips anna-lips anna-eyes anna-
dialog: thighs!
text: She finishes with a kick and a head-tip that launches the
text: purse backwards off her head to be grabbed by one hand behind
text: her back.
scene_heading: INT. MANNIX’S KIDS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: We hear a door opening and hallway light fans onto an
text: adorable little girl asleep in bed.
text: Eddie looks down at her, smiles, stoops to adjust the doll
text: she holds against her face. He rises to gaze down for another
text: beat, then moves.
text: The opposite bed: an adorable little boy. Eddie eases the
text: askew coonskin cap off of the boy, stands looking down.
text: Top of the boy’s wardrobe. Baseball pennants are on the wall
text: behind it. Eddie’s hands enter to place a soaring airplane on
text: a peg on a pedestal.
text: Top of the girl’s wardrobe. Dolls are seated on it leaning
text: against the wall. Eddie’s hands enter to place a folded
text: maroon uniform, and, on top of the uniform, a maroon cap with
text: “Stewardess” stiched in gold.
scene_heading: INT. MANNIX’S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Eddie is at a plateful of dinner. His wife bustles as he
dialog: eats.
scene_heading: MRS. MANNIX
dialog: Little Eddie wanted me to tell you
text: about his baseball game. They won.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That’s terrific. Gosh, I never
dialog: called the coach! Eddie played at
dialog: shortstop?
scene_heading: MRS. MANNIX
dialog: Mm, and he did so well he wants to
dialog: stay there now.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Great, it took care of itself.
scene_heading: MRS. MANNIX
dialog: And Darlene did very well on her
dialog: Spanish test.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That’s good, she was worried about
dialog: that. Thanks for heating up the
text: roast.
scene_heading: MRS. MANNIX
dialog: Warm glass of milk?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, thanks hon—coffee. Gotta run
dialog: back to the studio, a few things to
dialog: take care of.
scene_heading: MRS. MANNIX
text: Gee, another late night.
dialog: Eddie is ruminative:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Mm. You know... Lockheed improved
dialog: their offer. Darned good money. And
dialog: the hours wouldn’t be crazy like
dialog: this, either.
scene_heading: MRS. MANNIX
dialog: It’s nice to be wanted.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah, sure, but—what do you think?
dialog: They wanna know tomorrow.
scene_heading: MRS. MANNIX
dialog: I like the shorter hours. But what
dialog: do you think, honey? You know best.
text: Nodding, chewing, thinking:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Uh-huh...
scene_heading: MRS. MANNIX
dialog: How’s it going with the smoking,
dialog: dear?
text: Eddie is startled out of his ruminations:
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Oh, you know...
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE’S PACKARD - NIGHT
scene_heading: EDDIE IN HIS PACKARD
text: He drives, squinting against oncoming headlights.
text: The plummy-voiced narrator:
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
text: The denizens of the great city make
text: ready for nightlife—or for sleep.
dialog: But Eddie Mannix will have
dialog: neither...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Familiar shot from high on the bluff down on the octahedral
text: house, now glowing with internal light. The ocean is no more
text: than glittering highlights caught from the moon.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
text: Even in westerly Malibu the sun has
text: moved on, leaving the vast and
text: tireless sea to heave itself
text: blindly upon the shore.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: We are in the living room which, it being night, offers no
text: more view. The writers sit playing at cards, smoking, seeking
dialog: to make time pass.
text: A man circles the table dropping a pair of gloves next to
text: each card player—fingerless gloves with leather grips, as
text: for golfing. The card players little notice the deposit of
text: gloves at their places.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
dialog: Baird Whitlock has become an
text: acolyte of the Communists, a
dialog: convert to their cause, his belief
text: compelled but not grudging—no more
text: than was Saul’s on the dusty road
text: of long ago. He now seeks to learn
dialog: more from the leader from the
dialog: north...
dialog: 85.
text: Baird is indeed sitting with Professor Marcuse, who is just
text: finishing talking as their conversation mixes up, with Baird
text: nodding vigorous concurrence.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER (CONT’D)
dialog: -.. and becomes ever more committed
dialog: to the quest to hasten an end to
dialog: history and bring on—the New Man!
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Herb—Herb!—That’s exactly what I
dialog: was talking about, that’s what
dialog: happened when I went to Reno with
dialog: Danny Kaye and he asked me to shave
dialog: his back! Exact same thing!
dialog: Because I'm thinking—who benefits?
dialog: Also, I gotta tell ya, everyone
dialog: thinks Danny is a jerk but he’s not
dialog: really a jerk, it’s just the theory
dialog: generating its own anti-theory...
text: Professor Marcuse’s brow furrows as he tries to follow
dialog: Baird’s point.
dialog: ... So there we are, me and Danny,
dialog: and I’m wondering what the hell I’m
dialog: doing with this razor and he says
dialog: it’s for a part in a Norman Taurog
dialog: picture but Judy Canova is there
dialog: and she knows Norman and she says
dialog: Danny’s not doing a Norman Taurog
dialog: picture—he just wants you to shave
dialog: his back! And that’s who benefits!
scene_heading: INT. GRAUMAN’S CHINESE - NIGHT
scene_heading: A LOBBY CARD
text: It is for “Lazy Ol’ Moon,” starring Hobie Doyle. When it is
text: wiped by a foreground cross we cut wider:
text: The near-empty lobby of a grand theater. A latecoming
text: gentleman and his wife are opening the auditorium door to
text: enter, the movie’s soundtrack fanning up as they do so.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
text: In livelier precincts, the swells
dialog: of Dreamland gather to inspect the
text: complicated weave of another piece
dialog: of gossamer...
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: Hobie and Carlotta are watching the movie.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
dialog: «+. Another movie, another portion
text: of balm for the ache of a toiling
dialog: mankind.
text: Hobie leans in to Carlotta.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Don’t know ‘bout this part, they
text: only gimme one shot at the song.
speaker_heading: ONSCREEN
scene_heading: EXT. BUNKHOUSE - NIGHT
text: It is evening. A pretty young woman converses through a
text: cookhouse window with a grizzled old man in the yard. The
text: man—Curly—wears the union suit and the bent-back hatbrim of
text: a Western sidekick.
text: Someone offscreen is lazily chording a guitar.
speaker_heading: CURLY
dialog: It wasn't my fault you saw me take
text: the pie off the sill Miz McGraw.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Not your fault! Whose fault was it,
dialog: Curly?
speaker_heading: CURLY
dialog: Why, that crazy full moon! Two
dialog: weeks ago you'd a never seen me
dialog: take it!
text: Laughter from the audience as Curly stomps over to the man
text: playing guitar: Hobie, relaxing on a tipped-back chair on the
text: bunkhouse porch.
speaker_heading: CURLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Durn that moon! What good is she
dialog: anyhow! Wish there never was no
dialog: moon! Wish there warn't no bossy
dialog: old women!
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Don’t blame that moon, Curly. She
dialog: can’t do nothin’ but shine!
dialog: 87.
text: The guitar intro has ended and Hobie launches into the first
text: verse of “Lazy O1' Moon.” He looks up at the moon,
text: occasionally looks back to the pretty woman in the window who
text: listens, smiling.
text: As the verse ends we cut to Curly elsewhere in the yard,
text: looking angrily down at something off:
speaker_heading: CURLY
dialog: Durn you! You turned Curly Strimlin
dialog: over to the authorities for the
dialog: last time!
text: We cut over his shoulder: he is addressing a reflection of
text: the moon in a watering trough. He now dives in with hands
text: outstretched as if to throttle the reflection.
text: Hobie sings on. Curly sits up in the trough sputtering and
text: looks around, stymied and irate.
speaker_heading: CURLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Durn! Where'd she go?!
text: Roaring laughter from the audience.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES OFFICE BUILDINGS - NIGHT
text: Eddie Mannix pulls up in his Packard. It is late night; the
text: street is deserted except for one swank parked car, a cream-
text: colored luxury sedan, that stands out on this less-than-swank
text: street. The car’s uniformed driver leans against the hood
dialog: smoking.
scene_heading: INT. INSIDE OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: A wooden stairway. On the risers are painted the names of the
text: building’s business tenants. Eddie Mannix trudges up the
text: stairs in fedora and trenchcoat with collar turned up.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: It is lined by doors with transom windows. Lettering on the
text: pebbled glass of each office door identifies its occupant.
text: One office only shows light from inside:
scene_heading: JOSEPH SILVERMAN
scene_heading: SURETIES/BONDS/ESCROW
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: INT. JOE SILVERMAN’S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Eddie taps at the door.
text: It is opened by Sid Sieglestein, the studio lawyer. An inner-
text: office door, standing open, shows Joe Silverman sitting at
text: his desk; mid-thirties and, like his office, low-rent but
text: neat and utterly without character.
text: DeeAnna Moran sits across from him in a cream-colored dress
text: that matches her car outside, and a black hat and veil. She
text: has a cigarette in one hand and with the other signs a
text: document in multiple places as Joe, leaning across the desk,
text: turns pages and points.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: We just got started—I’ve been
dialog: taking DeeAnna through this.
text: They are joining the two in the inner office, Sid now
text: addressing DeeAnna.
dialog: «+. So Joseph has done—well, just
dialog: a whole lot of good work for us in
dialog: the past. Whenever we’ve needed a
dialog: witness or a third party for, I
dialog: don’t know—a petition of grievance
dialog: or alienation of affection.
text: DeeAnna sneaks looks at Joe as she signs pages.
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: And he’s reliable?
text: The man shows no resentment of the question and indeed no
dialog: affect at all:
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I’m bonded, miss.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Joe is the most reliable human
dialog: being on the planet, in our
dialog: experience. When Chubby Cregar was
text: intoxicated and hit a pedestrian on
dialog: Gower, we had his vehicle title
dialog: transferred to Joe’s name and Joe
dialog: did six months in the LA County
dialog: lock-up.
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: But you’re off the sauce now?
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I never touch it, miss. It was a
dialog: legal fiction.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That's exactly right. When the
dialog: studio needs somebody who meets the
dialog: legal standard of, uh—how did you
dialog: put it, Sid?
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Personhood.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Yeah. Joe steps in and acts as the,
dialog: uh... person.
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: So you're a professional—person?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: That's right, miss. And initial
dialog: here, and here.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Joe will be the foster parent until
dialog: such time as you adopt the child,
dialog: which you can do as soon as Joe
text: takes possession of it.
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: And he’s reliable?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I’m bonded, miss.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: The release papers you're signing
dialog: are not public record. All these
dialog: documents remain sealed until the
dialog: year two thousand and fifteen.
text: Joe takes the document and slides its last page into an
text: embosser and squeezes.
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: No one the wiser?
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: No one the wiser. No fans, no court
dialog: officials—not even a notary
dialog: public.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Joe himself is the notary.
text: DeeAnna examines Joe who is tensed, squeezing with both
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: DEEANNA
dialog: You must have strong forearms. Is
dialog: it hard, squeezing like that?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: It's part of the job.
scene_heading: EXT. STUDIO GATE - NIGHT
text: Scotty the guard leans out, tipping his cap, as the Packard
text: pulls up.
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Late night, Mr. Mannix?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Late night for both of us. Will you
dialog: call Projection Seven and have’m
dialog: lace up yesterday’s dailies on
dialog: “Hail, Cesar!"
speaker_heading: SCOTTY
dialog: Sure thing. Yesterday's.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah, thanks Scotty.
scene_heading: INT. SCREENING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Eddie Mannix sits slumped, hand cupped to forehead, light
text: flickering onto him from the screen. Natalie sits on his far
text: side with her clipboard, waiting for his attention.
scene_heading: EXT. WELL OF JEHOSAPHAT SET - DAY
text: Onscreen: we pull Baird Whitlock, in his Roman tribune's
text: wardrobe, as he marches angrily up a line of parched and
text: dusty slaves clamoring for water. Baird curses and exclaims
text: “Romans before slaves!” as he bats aside those waiting.
text: As he reaches the front of the line our pull back has brought
text: into frame the man giving out water with a dipper. This man,
text: whom we see only from behind, wears a simple robe and has
text: perfectly arranged shoulder-length blond hair, slightly wavy.
dialog: gl.
text: Baird/Autolochus—once more exclaiming “Roman's before
text: slaves!”—intercepts the dipper which the blond man is
text: handing to a slave. Autolochus is about to drink himself
text: when he takes in the countenance of the blond water-giver.
text: Something in the man's face and manner strikes Autolochus
text: mightily. He takes a staggering step backward, in awe.
text: Close on Baird, his face displaying progressive waves of awe,
text: puzzlement, hope, and ineffable wonder.
text: A flash frame and a slate for “Hail, Cesar, Twenty-Seven
dialog: Baker Two.”
text: Baird steps back into close shot with the dipper again, now
text: displaying waves of puzzlement, ineffable wonder, some awe,
text: then back to ineffable wonder.
text: We hear an offscreen “Cut!” but before the flash frame Baird
text: relaxes, his eyeline shifting as he calls out:
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Wuddya think a that one, was that,
dialog: uh, enough, awe, or—
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yeah, good, maybe a little more
text: wonderment.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: More, you mean more—
dialog: “Hail Cesar, Twenty-Seven Baker Three.”
text: Baird steps back into frame in awe.
speaker_heading: BAIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold it, sorry, wait a minute,
dialog: lemme do it again.
text: He steps forward then immediately steps back into frame in
text: awe. A squinting bit of wonder.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: cut!
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Was that, uh, I don’t know. That
dialog: one didn’t really have a center.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yeah, no, it was—
dialog: “Hail Cesar, Twenty-Seven Baker Four.”
dialog: 92.
text: Baird steps back into frame his face oddly blank.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Hang on.
text: His eyes leave the eyeline. He looks down, arranges his
text: features in an expression of unutterable awe, and then jerks
text: his look back up to the eyeline, expression locked in place.
text: A long hold, expression steady: unutterable awe.
text: Finally, hissing out of his locked jaw as he maintains the
dialog: look:
speaker_heading: BAIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: Howziss. Wuddya hink.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yeah, okay, cut.
text: Eddie, watching. His eyes stay on the screen throughout:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Go ahead, I’m listening.
text: From screen: “Hail Cesar, Twenty-Seven Baker Five.”
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Walt talked to the extra, right
dialog: guy, no info—doesn’t know where
dialog: they took Baird, but described the
text: truck they put him in.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: (from screen)
dialog: Was that, uh, was that—should I
dialog: get to the wonderment faster?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: Walt found the truck and found the
dialog: guy who borrowed it from the guy
text: who owns it and is talking to him.
text: From screen: “Hail Cesar, Twenty-Seven Baker Six.”
text: Eddie nods, still looking at the screen.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Walt’s a problem-solver, he’s a
dialog: good man. What else?
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: (from screen)
dialog: Todd, you can—you just look like
text: an imbecile mushed up against the
dialog: camera, can you—-Sam, Todd can step
text: out, I’1l just take an eyeline at
dialog: the corner of the matte box. I'll
dialog: hand the dipper back to, uh, to,
dialog: uh, camera guy.
text: From screen: “Hail Cesar, Twenty-Seven Baker Seven.”
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: PR just called in their report on
dialog: Hobie Doyle premier: warm
dialog: reception.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: (from screen)
dialog: Was that—I’m sorry, did you see
dialog: that, I felt like I had some
dialog: spittle. Maybe Todd should step
dialog: back in.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Good. Okay.
text: (starts to rise, eyes
text: still on the screen)
dialog: Not bad, have ‘em use six. Is this
dialog: six?
scene_heading: INT. BROWN DERBY - NIGHT
text: An orchestra plays “Every Now and Then.”
text: Carlotta laughs, across a table from:
text: Hobie, hunched forward, very intent on what he is doing, his
text: body jiggling.
text: Wider: he has a strand of spaghetti and is doing rope tricks
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
text: Watchis now... Gittin’ away...
text: He ropes a salt cellar.
speaker_heading: HOBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh looka there now!
text: His other hand, on the tablecloth, is starting to walk away
text: on two fingers, affecting nonchalance.
dialog: 94.
text: Thinking itself safely out of range, the walking hand starts
dialog: to walk faster.
speaker_heading: HOBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. Oh, she’s a gittin’ away too!
text: He ropes the walking fingers, tripping his hand.
text: Carlotta, unable to talk from laughter, points at Hobie.
text: Hobie ropes the pointing finger, draws her hand toward him.
text: She slaps at his hand with her free hand. He drops the
text: spaghetti to slap her hand in return then plucks the whipping
text: spaghetti-end out of the air in rhythm.
speaker_heading: HOBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This’s why I never order it with
dialog: meat sauce.
speaker_heading: CARLOTTA
dialog: How’d you get into pictures, Hobie?
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Got roped into it! Aw, I’m just
dialog: kiddin ya, I wrangled fer a while
dialog: and then they saw I could say a
dialog: line’r two’n I was Bad Clem or
dialog: Deppity Number Two or the guy’s
dialog: buddy fer a coupla years’n then
dialog: some’n heard me sing’n they made me
dialog: the guy.
speaker_heading: CARLOTTA
dialog: You’re awfully cute.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Aw heck, you ain’t seen the half of
dialog: it, I’ll show ya cute, just second
dialog: here—little souvenir from when I
dialog: was rodeoin’...
text: He has lowered his head to his hand and he fiddles briefly at
text: his mouth. He raises his head again, beaming at Carlotta.
text: He has no teeth. His gums, upper and lower, are hideously
text: bare.
text: Carlotta is aghast—and then amused, more than ever. Hobie
text: chuckles as she laughs:
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: HOBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell ya what, I wuzh shteer-
dialog: brushtin an I went down and the
text: shteer went up’n m’teeth headed off
dialog: fer easht Texash—Aww here, it’s
dialog: comin’ round again!
text: He hastily tucks his teeth back in and croons along with the
text: orchestra which is just now arriving at the chorus:
dialog: Every now and then...
text: Carlotta comes in on top:
speaker_heading: CARLOTTA
dialog: Every now and then...
text: The two sing together but Hobie suddenly freezes, seeing
dialog: something.
text: Long-lens point of view: a bulging attaché case bound around
text: the middle by a shiny black belt. It rests beside a semi-
text: circular booth, half the throw of the restaurant away.
text: Whoever has the case is hidden by his high-backed booth. His
text: back is to us: the side of one leg juts out as does one
text: elbow, active as he eats.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Well now, this is interesting.
text: Hobie’s look turns up: Thessaly Thacker stands at his booth.
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: I didn’t know you two were friends.
text: Hobie is distracted, his look shifting between her and the
text: hidden man.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Aw heck yeah, we—we just caught my
dialog: picture, “Lazy O1' Moon,” ‘n I
dialog: guess we’re—
speaker_heading: CARLOTTA
dialog: Yes, we're friends, we’re—
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Well we’re fixin’ t’be friendly,
dialog: tell you that.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: That's good: “Fixin’ To Be
dialog: Friendly” can be my column
dialog: headline.
text: Finger-quotes and an exaggerated impression of Hobie’s accent
text: set off the reference. Hobie, unoffended, nods.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Well I guess at’d be okay.
scene_heading: THESSALY THACKER
dialog: Have a good evening.
text: As she moves off Hobie and Carlotta exchange a look: how did
text: we do? But Hobie’s look keeps returning to the mystery diner.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: I mentioned the name of m’picture,
dialog: I think we’re s’posed to do that.
text: His long-lens point of view: Thessaly Thacker has stopped to
text: talk to the hidden man with the attaché case. Brief
text: conversation. Thessaly tips her head back laughing at some
text: pleasantry. Her cackle carries across the room.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Well now, this is interesting.
text: Hobie’s look turns up: it is—impossibly—tThessaly Thacker
text: again. Or, no it isn’t, it’s Thora.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: I thought I was getting an
dialog: exclusive on this.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: What’s that now, ma’am?
text: She is looking off at her cackling sister.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: I'd like to know what the hell is
dialog: going on here.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: We, uhh... like I said, we just saw
dialog: “Lazy O1' Moon”—
speaker_heading: CARLOTTA
dialog: And Hobie and I are fixin t’be
dialog: friendly!
dialog: 97.
text: Thora’s baleful look swings onto her. It holds for a long
text: moment. Then a squint:
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: We're just, uh...
text: His eyes widen: the mystery man is getting up. The man stands
text: briefly outside the booth but is turned mostly away from us,
text: patting at his mouth with a napkin. He angles more toward us.
text: It is Burt Gurney.
text: He finishes patting his mouth, tosses the napkin onto the
text: table. His face, so boyish when performing, is now a hard
dialog: mask.
text: He stoops to pick up the attaché case. A brief look around
text: the restaurant, and he heads off.
text: Hobie hastily shuffles himself out of his booth:
speaker_heading: HOBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah gotta skedaddle. So sorry!
dialog: (to Carlotta)
dialog: Have to catch one a yer pictures
dialog: next time—lookin’ ford to it!
scene_heading: EXT. BROWN DERBY - NIGHT
text: Hobie exits the club just in time to see the passing-by
text: vehicle of Burt Gurney.
text: Hobie hurries to his car and driver waiting curbside.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Toss me them keys, pard—I'm takin'
dialog: the car!
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S OFFICE
text: Wide on Eddie behind his desk, half-in, half-out of a pool of
text: desktop lamplight. He sits hunched, forearms on knees.
text: An insert: on the desk is a letter, its copy too small to
text: read. But we see its letterhead: Lockheed.
text: Back to Eddie, but our angle now swung around so that the
text: desk does not hide his lower body.
dialog: 98.
text: The hands draped across his knees hold a rosary.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD / INT. HOBIE’S CAR - NIGHT
scene_heading: BLEARY MONTAGE
text: Lots of neon: “The Garden of Allah,” restaurants, clubs,
text: chase lights around movie-theater marquees. Dissolving in and
text: out under the Hollywood Boulevard imagery is the same set-up
text: of Hobie driving, squinting, eyes fixed on tail lights in
text: front of him.
text: Also dissolving in and out:
scene_heading: EXT. H.C. SETS - NIGHT
scene_heading: EDDIE MANNIX WALKING
text: Not his purposeful daytime stride but a contemplative stroll,
text: his hands clasped Churchillianly behind his back. He passes
text: through the half-struck columns of the temple of the money-
text: lenders; through the courtyard of Sestimus Amydias, its
text: fountain now giving only spare, echoing drips; and finally
text: through a set we have not yet seen: the road to Calvary, its
text: long line of crucifixes looming empty.
text: The montage which connects the two men ends with a dissolve
text: full up on Hobie, still driving, but no more city lights
text: reflected in his windshield. We are out, remote.
scene_heading: EXT. PCH - NIGHT
text: His point-of-view: tail lights of the car well ahead—the
text: only car in sight. Its headlights briefly show us the “Rudy’s
text: Fish Shack” sign on the right. The car turns left.
text: Hobie slows as he approaches the turn.
scene_heading: EXT. MALIBU HOUSE - NIGHT
scene_heading: HIGH FROM BLUFF
text: The octahedral house glows below. Burt’s car is parked.
text: Hobie’s car eases up.
scene_heading: INSIDE - NIGHT
text: For the first time the house has no interior noise, no
text: yapping dog. We hear only the muffled pounding of surf.
dialog: 99.
text: The front door clicks, and creaks open.
text: Hobie enters cautiously, looking around at the quiet as he
text: walks toward the lens to stop in close shot, gaping now,
text: surprised at what he sees.
text: Reverse on the living room. Baird Whitlock is alone, a small
text: figure in the big room, still in Roman wardrobe, a copy of
text: Soviet Life open on his lap, martini glass in hand. He gapes
text: at Hobie in mirroring surprise.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Hobie Doyle? You’re a Communist
dialog: too?
text: Hobie looks around, looks back at Baird.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: So it’s Commies.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Y’ever been in this place? Pretty
dialog: nice, huh? Just found out it’s Burt
dialog: Gurney’s!
text: Hobie is not really interested. He looks around a bit more,
text: trying to make sense of it all.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: You here alone?
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Everyone else went down to the
dialog: beach.
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Well, all right pard: let’s us head
dialog: on back to town. You got Mr. Mannix
text: worried sick.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - NIGHT
text: The Communist writers man both sides of a longboat, gloves
text: on, pulling hard at the oars.
text: Burt Gurney stands in the prow gazing forward, rather like
text: George Washington crossing the Delaware but with a yapping
text: dog in the crook of one arm.
dialog: 100.
text: Now his look turns to one side.
text: His point-of-view: his beach house is coming into view from
text: behind one of a pair of jagged rocks between us and shore.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Easy...
text: The writers row more slowly as the house centers up between
text: the rocks.
speaker_heading: BURT (CONT'D)
dialog: Here!
text: The writers back-paddle to stop the boat. It settles so as to
text: show the house perfectly centered between the two snaggle-
text: rocks.
text: Satisfied with the boat’s position, Burt Gurney looks about:
text: the vast and empty sea.
text: He looks at his watch: midnight.
text: A writer occasionally dips an oar for a short front- or back-
text: stroke, keeping the boat in position. The boat dips and bobs,
text: water slapping on wood. An occasional yap from the dog.
dialog: Long beat.
text: A huge roar. Seething water. Ocean surface just by the
text: longboat roils mightily—and is breached.
text: A huge black column rises, rises, rises from the sea.
text: The writers give voice to an awed “Oh...”
text: The column stops rising.
text: The roaring of great engines, and the angry hiss of water
text: streaming from the column, subsides to... near-silence. Just
text: the gentle chug of idling engines and the faint bleep. bleep.
text: bleep. of sonar.
text: Waves slosh feebly against the imposing black column: the
text: conning tower of a submarine.
text: The metallic screek-screek-screek of a hatch being opened.
text: The sound moves the dog to more yapping.
text: Burt Gurney hands the dog to one of the forward writers.
speaker_heading: BURT (CONT’D)
dialog: Take care of him.
dialog: 101.
text: He leaps from the longboat to the sub, grabbing brackets set
text: in a vertical line up its side: a ladder. Before he can
text: climb, though, writers’ voices exclaim “Tell him!” “Give it
dialog: to him!” “Give the speech!”
speaker_heading: HERMAN’S VOICE
dialog: Comrade!
text: Burt turns, twisting from the ladder to look back a the
dialog: longboat.
text: Herman rises in front. A ripple of motion goes through the
text: writers behind him: something is being passed forward.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Comrade: we salute you! You are
dialog: going to Moscow to become Soviet
dialog: Man and help forge the future. We
dialog: stay behind, continuing to serve in
dialog: our disguise as capitalist
text: handmaidens.
text: Looks around, uncertain, and gets encouraging nods from the
dialog: other writers.
speaker_heading: HERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: But the money should go to the
dialog: cause, not to the servants of the
dialog: cause.
text: A chorus of ‘hear, hear’s from the writers as he gropes for a
dialog: finish.
speaker_heading: HERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We—well, we...
text: The passed-forward object arrives at the man immediately
text: behind Herman who now gives Herman a nudge. He turns to take
text: the object, and turns back holding it out toward Burt.
text: It is the attaché case cinched by black belt.
speaker_heading: HERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Our modest contribution to the
dialog: Comintern.
text: He tosses it, and Burt, with one hand anchoring him to the
text: ladder, one-handedly catches. He looks at the case, nodding
text: deep appreciation for what it represents.
text: He looks up.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: They will be pleased.
dialog: 102.
text: The dog, whining and writhing in discontent in the arms of
text: the writer in charge of him, finally breaks free and leaps
text: yapping toward his master.
text: Burt reflexively drops the case to grab the arriving dog.
text: The case hits the water and dipsy-doodles down, down, down
dialog: into murkiness.
text: The writers give a unison dismayed “Oh...”
text: Burt Gurney, angled out from the ladder, gazes down at the
text: spot where the case is disappearing. A long looking beat.
text: Finally, a small arch of his eyebrow—his only comment on
text: life’s unpredictability. He swings his body back in against
text: the sub and climbs one-handed, holding the dog.
text: A man wearing a sable cap waits at the top. When Burt arrives
text: the waiting man hands him a sable cap. Burt puts it on and
text: gazes down at the longboat.
speaker_heading: BURT (CONT’D)
dialog: Professor! Will you join me?
text: Marcuse, near the back of the boat, gestures faintly with his
dialog: pipe.
speaker_heading: MARCUSE
dialog: No. I will work from within.
text: Burt nods concession. The man behind Burt stoops to open the
text: hatch and both men climb in.
text: On the writers, watching.
text: The roar of engines, the seething hiss of water. The sub
dialog: descends.
text: The writers fight their oars to keep the longboat steady in
text: the bucking sea.
text: The sub disappears. The sloshes diminish. The black sea rolls
text: on in peace restored.
text: After a quiet beat:
speaker_heading: WRITER
dialog: Well, it’s late. And I have
dialog: revisions.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. HOBIE’S CAR - NIGHT
scene_heading: HOBIE AND BAIRD
text: In Hobie’s car they make the right turn from the beach access
text: road to head south on the coast highway. Hobie hums “Lazy Ol’
text: Moon" as he drives; Baird gazes placidly out.
text: Baird is struck by a thought. He looks at his watch, winces.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Late. I am in the doghouse.
text: Hobie glances at him as Baird thinks.
speaker_heading: BAIRD (CONT'D)
dialog: Know what, better forget my place.
dialog: Drop me at the Beverly Hills
dialog: Hotel—that okay?
speaker_heading: HOBIE
dialog: Sure.
text: Both men look, attention drawn by sirens: an oncoming line of
text: police vehicles, their rooflights spinning.
text: The cars whoosh past.
text: Baird turns to track them and Hobie looks in his rear-view.
text: The vehicles skid into a left turn at the “Fish Shack” sign.
text: Baird faces forward again.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Huh!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
text: FADE IN SOUND: Morning birds, intermittent car-bys.
scene_heading: EXT. STUDIO GATE - MORNING
text: FADE IN PICTURE: Studio gate.
text: We are looking across the street at the main gate. There is
text: little traffic at this early hour. A cab pulls up and stops
text: curbside. Its passenger gets out.
dialog: 104.
text: The cab pulls away and we see the discharged passenger: Baird
text: Whitlock. Still in breastplate and leather skirt, he saunters
text: toward the walk-through by the guard shack, whistling.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TO CAVALRY - DAY
text: We track laterally with an Assistant Director who, intent on
text: a clipboard, slowly walks past a foreground crucifix, the
text: occupant of which, facing away from us, is in frame only to
text: the extent of his two crossed feet. The A.D., still studying
text: his clipboard, slows to a halt just as we bring another
text: crucifix into the foreground. Its occupant too we see only
text: from the ankles down.
text: The A.D. now looks up from the list on his clipboard to the
text: unseen man on the foreground crucifix.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: Who’re you?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Todd.
text: The A.D. looks down his list. He shakes his head, still
text: unclear; he looks back up.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: Do you get a hot breakfast or a box
dialog: breakfast?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I don’t know.
text: The A.D. rolls his eyes.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: Are you a principal or an extra?
dialog: Beat. Then:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I think I’m a principal.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Baird, in wardrobe, is in the chair in front of Eddie’s desk
text: with his legs crossed, hands clasped behind his head, the
text: picture of cheerfulness.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: So I’m thinkin’, “What the hell!
dialog: I’ve woken up in strange houses
dialog: before but never without a broad
dialog: next to me!”
text: Eddie glares.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (tight)
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: Baird, oblivious, thinks he has an audience.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: These guys were pretty interesting,
dialog: though. They've actually figured
dialog: out the laws that dictate,
dialog: well—everything, history,
dialog: sociology, politics, morality.
dialog: Everything. It's all in a book
dialog: called “Kapital.”
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That right.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Uh-huh. With a K. And you’re not
dialog: gonna believe this, but it even
dialog: explains the stuff we do here at
dialog: the studio. Because the studio is
dialog: actually nothing more than an
dialog: instrument of capitalism!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: So it blindly follows these laws
dialog: just like any other institution,
dialog: the laws that these guys’ve figured
text: out. The studio makes pictures to
dialog: serve the system, that’s its
dialog: function, that’s really what we're
dialog: all up to, here.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Is it.
text: Eddie rises from behind his desk and advances on Baird, who
text: prattles on.
dialog: Eddie has
text: his feet.
dialog: Slap!
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Yeah, we're just confirming what
dialog: they call the “status quo.” I mean,
dialog: we might tell ourselves we're
dialog: “creating” something of artistic
dialog: value, that there’s some kinda
dialog: spiritual dimension to the picture
dialog: business, but what it is, is this
text: fat cat Nick Schenk out in New York
dialog: running a factory that makes these
text: lollypops to pacify the—wWHOOF!
text: grabbed Baird by the breastplate and hauled him to
text: He now slaps him, forehand and backhand: Slap!
speaker_heading: BAIRD (CONT’D)
dialog: What th—
text: Eddie pulls him chest-to-chest and holds him there so that he
text: may stare straight into his eyes as the words pour out:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Now you listen to me, buster: Nick
dialog: Schenk and this studio have been
dialog: good to you and to everyone else
dialog: who works here. If I ever hear you
text: badmouthing Mr. Schenk again it’1l
dialog: be the last thing you say before I
dialog: have you tossed into jail for
dialog: colluding in your own abduction.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: But Eddie, I didn’t—
dialog: Slap! Slap!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shaddup. You’re gonna go out there
dialog: and you're gonna finish “HAIL,
dialog: CESAR!" You're gonna give that
text: speech at the feet of the penitent
dialog: thief and you’re gonna believe
dialog: every word you say.
dialog: Slap! Slap!
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're gonna do it because you’re
dialog: an actor and that’s what you do.
dialog: Just like the director does what he
dialog: does, and the writer and the script
text: girl and the guy who claps the
dialog: slate.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're gonna do it because the
dialog: picture has worth and you have
dialog: worth if you serve the picture and
dialog: you’re never gonna forget that
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: (blubbering)
dialog: Okay Eddie, I won’t forget it.
text: The manhandling and Eddie’s harsh tone have brought Baird to
text: tears. Eddie releases his fistful of Romanwear with a shove
text: that sends Baird staggering backward.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You're damn right you won’t. Not as
dialog: long as I run this dump.
text: Baird nods, whimpering, as he retreats to the door.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Okay, Eddie.
text: Eddie reseats himself behind his desk. Baird is reaching for
text: the doorknob but Eddie stops him with a sharp:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Baird!
text: Baird turns, sniveling, his hand on the knob.
text: Eddie smiles, points at him, and gives a tight nod:
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Go out there and be a star!
text: It heartens Baird. He wipes his eyes with some tunic-sleeve
text: and even manages a tremulous smile back at Eddie and a return
dialog: nod.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL LOT - DAY
scene_heading: EDDIE WALKING
text: He walks purposefully across the lot. Natalie is deep behind
text: trotting to catch up, arms full of a flower arrangement.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Mr. Mannix!
text: He turns, waits.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Since you’re going to your car,
dialog: thought you might want to take
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: From DeeAnna Moran. Thank you, and
dialog: she doesn’t need to adopt her baby
dialog: after all.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: She asked Joe Silverman out for
dialog: dinner last night, I guess it went
dialog: well, they drove to Palm Springs
dialog: and were married at three this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Huh.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Will you be gone long? Today’s list
dialog: to go through.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Less than an hour, personal errand.
dialog: (down at the flowers he
dialog: holds)
dialog: Nice arrangement.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: She charged it to the studio.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Right.
text: He turns from her to proceed but immediately stops with a
dialog: surprised “Gah!”
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: Just coming to see you.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Good morning. Sorry about last
dialog: night, Thora—didn’t know your
dialog: sister would show up.
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: Well, that’s as may be, but I
dialog: certainly learned my lesson.
dialog: Whatever you say today, Eddie
dialog: Mannix, my column tomorrow is
dialog: about—"On Wings as Eagles.”
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thora, I wouldn’t do that if I were
dialog: you.
text: Thora smiles thinly.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: I’m sure you wouldn’t.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No no, you don’t understand.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Let’s sit down.
scene_heading: EXT. SEATING AREA - DAY
text: Thora and Eddie seat themselves at a curved stone bench
text: beneath a stone table upon which Eddie puts the flowers.
text: Behind them is a building that says WARDROBE. A Roman
text: centurion sits against its exterior wall lacing up his
text: sandals’ calf straps. Others emerge from the building one at
text: a time, each cinching up the chin strap on his bristle-topped
text: helmet or giving the bottom of his breastplate a tug or in
dialog: some other way making ready.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I’m telling you not to run the
dialog: column, Thora, for your own good.
text: A hoot from Thora.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: I can judge my own interest. This
dialog: will be the story of the year—and
dialog: it so happens the Hearst Syndicate
dialog: is looking to pick up a Hollywood
dialog: column. Hearst is four million
dialog: readers. And if I get
dialog: them—tThessaly doesn’t.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And you think this'll cinch it for
dialog: you.
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: You know it will! Baird Whitlock,
dialog: your biggest star, got his first
text: major part—in “On Wings as
text: Eagles"—by engaging in sodomy with
dialog: the picture’s director, Laurence
dialog: Laurentz.
text: She wears a smug smile, awaiting protestation.
text: Eddie only nods, equably.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We've all heard the story. But
dialog: here’s something you haven’t heard:
dialog: your source is a Communist. If you
dialog: print it, it’ll be dismissed as a
dialog: Commie smear tactic—and you'll be
text: dismissed as a Commie stooge.
text: Her smile starts to fade.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (CONT’D)
text: Burt Gurney has left the country
dialog: and the cell he was part of has
dialog: been smashed by the police. You
dialog: might’ve thought he was credible
dialog: because he’s Mr. Laurentz’s
dialog: current... protegé, but—you don’t
dialog: want to be seen as Burt Gurney’s
text: mouthpiece after this.
text: Thora’s look curdles.
text: A beat.
scene_heading: THORA THACKER
dialog: How did you know Burt was my
dialog: source?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Talked to Laurence late last night,
dialog: put two and two together.
dialog: (rises, indicating
dialog: flowers)
dialog: Well, no need to send this since I
dialog: ran into you. It’s by way of
dialog: apology for Thessaly horning in
dialog: last night. I do value our
dialog: friendship, Thora—
dialog: (looks at watch)
dialog: —but I'm late for something
dialog: important.
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL - DAY
text: Light wipes onto Eddie, rosary in hand.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Bless me, Father, for I have
dialog: sinned.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: How long since your last
dialog: confession, my son?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It’s been, uh...
dialog: (looks at watch)
dialog: What, twenty-seven hours?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: It’s too often, my son. You’re
dialog: really not that bad.
text: Eddie grimly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I don’t know, Father. I snuck
dialog: another cigarette. Or two. I didn’t
dialog: make it home in time for dinner.
dialog: And I, uh... I struck a movie star
text: in anger.
text: A sigh from the unseen priest.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: All right. Five Hail Marys.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Okay. Okay. Father...
text: Eddie is struggling.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes my son?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: May I ask you something, Father?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Of course, my son.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: If there’s something that’s easy...
dialog: is that wrong?
dialog: Silence.
dialog: Then:
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Easy?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Easy to do, easy to—an easy
dialog: job—not a bad job, it’s not bad.
dialog: But then there’s another job,
dialog: that’s... that’s not so easy. In
dialog: fact it’s hard. It’s so hard,
dialog: Father, sometimes I don’t know if I
dialog: can keep doing it. But it seems
dialog: right. I don’t know how to explain.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: God wants us to do what’s right.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (thinking, nodding)
dialog: Yeah, course He does.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: The inner voice that tells you it’s
dialog: right—it comes from God, my son.
text: Eddie glances at his watch again.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah, got it.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: It’s His way of saying that—
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Yeah yeah, I got it.
scene_heading: EXT. CALVARY - DAY
text: Autolochus is gazing up and off-camera as we pull him through
text: a crowd of Israelites, his face transfigured in wonderment.
text: As he reaches the front of the crowd he sinks to his knees.
text: The camera pulls up and away to frame him before three
text: crucifixes on the mount.
text: Gracchus, familiar from our epic’s first scene, approaches.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Why on your knees before this
dialog: Hebrew, Autolochus?
text: Baird rises, turning his attention to his friend and placing
text: a comradely hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: I encountered him before, Gracchus,
dialog: beside the well of Jehosaphat. And
dialog: what manner of man!
dialog: Gracchus doesn’t understand:
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: He is a priest of the Israelites,
text: despised even by the other priests.
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: No. On yesterday’s march, punished
dialog: by the dust of the road, I sought
dialog: to drink first at the well—before
dialog: the slaves in my charge, whose
dialog: thirst was greater than my own.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: (uncomprehending)
text: A Roman drinks before a slave.
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: This man was giving water to all.
dialog: He saw no Romans, no slaves. He saw
dialog: only men—weak men—and gave
dialog: succour. He saw suffering, which he
dialog: sought to ease. He saw sin, and
dialog: gave love.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: “Love,” Autolochus?
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: He saw my own sin, and greed, and
text: thirst, Gracchus. But in his eyes
text: I saw no shadow of reproach. I saw
text: only light. The light of God.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: You mean, of the gods.
text: Autolochus gravely shakes his head.
dialog: Gracchus,
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: I do not, friend Gracchus. This
dialog: Hebrew is son of the one God, the
dialog: God of this far-flung tribe. And
dialog: why shouldn't God's anointed appear
dialog: here, among these strange people,
dialog: in this strange place? Here,
text: Gracchus, in this sundrenched land.
dialog: Why should he not take this
text: form—the form of an ordinary man?
dialog: A man bringing us not the old
dialog: truths, but a new one.
text: is willing to believe, but is confused.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: A new truth?
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS
dialog: A truth beyond the truth that we
dialog: can see. A truth beyond this
dialog: world, a truth told not in words
dialog: but in light.
text: Gracchus’s chin crimps as he juts his jaw, absorbing this
dialog: message.
dialog: A truth we can see if we have
dialog: but...
text: Autolochus is staring at Gracchus. His eyes slowly narrow to
text: a squint.
text: His jaw drops open as he stares. After a beat of
text: fixed staring:
speaker_heading: AUTOLOCHUS (CONT’D)
dialog: -.. if we have but—but—
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: CUT. Cut. Faith. Have but faith.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Faith! Faith? Not, um—
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: No, they changed it.
speaker_heading: BAIRD
dialog: Goddamnit. Sorry, I’1l get it,
dialog: don’t worry.
speaker_heading: GRACCHUS
dialog: Could I get a pat down, I’m
text: sweating like a pig.
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL LOT - DAY
scene_heading: EDDIE MANNIX AND NATALIE
text: They stride across the lot, Natalie following Eddie with her
text: notepad as at the beginning of the movie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: Gloria DeLamour checked herself out
dialog: of Our Lady of Perpetual Rest and
dialog: showed up for work in good shape.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Nn.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: Still raining in Gallup, New
text: Mexico, and the “Tucumcari!” crew
dialog: has shot all the plates we need for
dialog: “Came the Rain.”
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Then—just shoot the showdown in
dialog: the weather and we'll retitle it
text: “Tucumcari Tempest” “Desert Squall”
dialog: “Hold Back the Storm”...
text: He momentarily casts about.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
text: The stories begin. The stories end.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I dunno—bounce it off the writers.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
dialog: So it has been.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Check. Here’s today’s call list.
text: She hands a sheet forward. He studies it, hands it back.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Add a call to a Mr. Cuddahy at the
dialog: Lockheed Corporation.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Long call, short?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: “Thanks but no thanks”—how long
dialog: was that?
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
dialog: But the story of Eddie Mannix—
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Check. Who do we call first?
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
dialog: —will never end.
text: Eddie pushes back a sleeve to look at his watch.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: New York first. Time to check in
dialog: with Mr. Schenk.
speaker_heading: VOICE-OVER
dialog: For his is a tale written... in
text: light everlasting.
text: As they head up the walk to the administration building we
text: boom up to bring into view the skyline of the lot beyond. In
text: the middle distance is the Capitol Pictures water tower, one
text: word painted on its face: BEHOLD.
text: A slanting sun, hidden by clouds, sends down golden beams.
dialog: 
