dialog: HARD TO KILL
dialog: Revised Screenplay by
dialog: Steven Pressfield &amp; Ronald Shusett &amp; Steven Seagal
dialog: Story by
dialog: Steven Seagal &amp; Ronald Shusett
dialog: &amp; Steven Pressfield &amp; Bruce Malmuth
dialog: Based on an Original Screenplay by
dialog: Steven McKay
scene_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY
speaker_heading: FINAL DRAFT
dialog: February 17, 1989
scene_heading: Converted to PDF by SCREENTALK
dialog: www.screentalk.org
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD HILLS HOUSE - EARLY EVENING
text: A modest but handsome home in the foothills above Gower.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: "1983"
text: A young boy, SONNY STORM, rushes out -- excited but pouty
text: and a little peeved. He glowers at a 1981 Mercury, parked
text: at the curb -- then turns back toward the house.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (calls back to
dialog: house)
dialog: Daddy! I don't want you to go!
speaker_heading: MASON STORM
text: emerges from the house -- wearing a dark Gianni Versace
text: sport coat with a black vest underneath, carrying some
text: kind of case in his hand. He looks great -- a man of
text: action, not dandified at all by the snappy attire. He
text: squints down toward Sonny, proudly -- very much the family
dialog: man.
text: Mason's pretty wife, FELICIA, appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: (calls to Sonny)
dialog: Your father has work to do, Sonny
dialog: ... but he'll be home soon. And
dialog: we'll all watch it together.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: You promise, Dad?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I promise.
text: Storm and Felicia come down to car, his arm around her.
text: Sonny grabs his father's shirtsleeve.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Daddy ...
dialog: (very serious)
dialog: Daddy, is E.T. gonna win?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: He's got my vote.
text: Storm laughs and ruffles his son's hair.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 2.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: (tight to Storm)
dialog: I want you back early. Tonight's
dialog: the night those little starlets are
text: crawling all over town.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Don't worry. I'll beat 'em off
text: with a stick.
text: He kisses Felicia, ready to leave.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Daddy
dialog: (wants him to
dialog: stay)
dialog: What about my joke?
text: Storm lifts Sonny up into his arms. He gives the boy
text: 100% of his attention, speaks just for him.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Knock knock.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Who's there?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Old lady.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Old lady who?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I didn't know you could yodel.
text: Sonny may not get the joke, but he laughs delightedly --
text: just because it's his dad telling it. Storm kisses him
text: and sets him down.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: (to Storm)
dialog: Take my advice: Don't give up your
dialog: day job.
scene_heading: TITLES BEGIN.
scene_heading: INT. STORM'S CAR - MOVING - POV THROUGH WINDSHIELD NIGHT
text: Freeway traffic. Smoke in the sky ... flames ... the oil
text: refineries south of Torrance. A police RADIO is on, LOW,
text: and we can hear the SQUAWKING COMMUNIQUES in the b.g.
text: We become aware of a black limousine, ahead in the traffic.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 3.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - STORM
text: as he drives. Intense now -- mind focused. Radio handset
text: in his hand.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (into handset)
dialog: Karl ... wake up.
scene_heading: INTERCUT POLICE STATION - DETECTIVES ROOM - NIGHT
text: KARL BECKER, Storm's partner, a nice guy in shirtsleeves
text: with a huge nautical-type wristwatch. He's wide awake
dialog: all right -- eager for this call.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: I'm here, Mase. Where are you
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: Storm's Mercury moves discreetly, tailing the limo.
speaker_heading: STORM
text: On the Harbor ... south of Torrance.
dialog: I got Calabrese right in my
text: gunsights.
speaker_heading: WITH STORM
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: If I had a Sidewinder missile, I
dialog: could save the taxpayers a lot of
dialog: money.
text: Suddenly he is more alert, slowing the car.
speaker_heading: LIMO
text: veers toward an upcoming exit ramp.
speaker_heading: STORM (V.O.)
dialog: Here he goes. I'm shutting down
dialog: the radio, partner.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON SIGN
scene_heading: PORT OF LOS ANGELES
scene_heading: SAN PEDRO TERMINAL
speaker_heading: PIER 65
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 4.
text: As the limo passes and, moments later, Storm's car.
speaker_heading: KARL (V.O.)
dialog: Keep off the skyline, amigo.
dialog: (by the way)
dialog: Lou Gossett just won Best Supporting.
scene_heading: TITLES END.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCIAL PIER - NIGHT
text: The limousine slowly moves up beside a stand-alone shack
text: near the edge of the wharf. The shack is an open shelter
text: with a broad overhang, and various kinds of equipment
text: stored inside it. A single bulb illuminates it. The
text: limo comes to rest, engine off, no apparent activity in
text: or out of the vehicle.
speaker_heading: STORM'S CAR
text: pulls up at a distance, deep in shadow.
scene_heading: INT. STORM'S CAR - NIGHT
text: He switches OFF the RADIO, twists a telephoto night lens
text: onto a specially silenced 8mm surveillance film camera;
text: he primes a portable sound deck in the case he's been
text: carrying. A quick check of the .45 in his shoulder
text: holster, then he exits the car.
speaker_heading: ON STORM
text: Moving carefully onto the wharf, keeping to shadow, using
dialog: cover.
scene_heading: EXT. WHARF - NIGHT
text: Stacks of huge shipping crates and Sea-Land containers
text: from a long wall along the cluttered dock. The towering
text: hulks of several ships loom close by. Storm finds a slot
dialog: between bulk containers: a good surveillance point.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Let's go, boys. I'm missing the
dialog: Oscars.
text: He is less than forty yards away, looking lengthwise down
text: the car from its rear. A beat, as Storm picks up the
dialog: sound before we do.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 5.
scene_heading: STORM'S POV - STATION WAGON
text: A paneled, expensive model approaches. The wagon pulls
text: up, a short distance from the limo. A man gets out from
text: the wagon. A beat later, the driver exits the limo.
text: Both are armed. They check out the area, in all
dialog: directions.
speaker_heading: SHACK
text: One man crosses under the eave of the shack -- reaches
text: up, SMASHES the single LIGHT BULB. The spot goes dark.
speaker_heading: WITH STORM
text: Seeing the doors open on both cars. A mature man,
text: CALABRESE, and his stocky confederate, VITALE, step from
text: the limo. TWO other MEN -- one wearing a stylish hat,
text: the other bareheaded -- step from the wagon. They cross
text: to the shadowed, shack area.
speaker_heading: STORM (O.S.)
dialog: (to himself,
dialog: softly)
dialog: I know you, Calabrese. But who are
dialog: these mystery guests?
text: The two Shadow Men are obscured by the shack and the
dialog: position of Calabrese and Vitale.
speaker_heading: STORM
text: Starts his camera soundlessly whirring. He positions his
text: high-tech directional mike, slipping on earphones.
scene_heading: WHARF - CONSPIRATORS
text: There is NOISE from various wharf MACHINERY on adjacent
text: piers, but the high-tech listening equipment still brings
text: in the sound with acceptable clarity.
speaker_heading: CALABRESE
dialog: -- Murder is a serious business, my
dialog: friend. And an expensive one.
dialog: SHADOW MAN WITH HAT
dialog: You'll be well compensated,
dialog: Calabrese. Money now -- and a lot
dialog: more when I get into that office.
dialog: You can take that to the bank.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 6.
scene_heading: THROUGH TELEPHOTO LENS
text: Despite the shadows, it's plain the Man With The Hat is
text: in his prime, full of vigor and impatience. Calabrese,
text: by contrast, is clearly older, more circumspect.
speaker_heading: CALABRESE
dialog: Slowly ... slowly. Always with
dialog: caution.
dialog: SHADOW MAN WITH HAT
dialog: I'm up to here with caution! That
dialog: fuck lives on bean curd and alfalfa
dialog: sprouts -- he ain't gonna die of
dialog: natural causes.
speaker_heading: CALABRESE
dialog: All I'm counseling is a little
dialog: patience. The man is public. He's
dialog: in the paper every day.
dialog: SHADOW MAN WITH HAT
dialog: Yeah? Well, the next time I read
dialog: about him, it better be in the
dialog: obituaries.
speaker_heading: ON STORM
text: He squints over the camera, straining to see with the
dialog: naked eve Frustration
scene_heading: ANGLE - CALABRESE AND VITALE
text: Glancing to each other. They're tough guys, but in some
text: hard-to-define way, the two Shadow Men are tougher.
scene_heading: BAREHEADED SHADOW MAN
dialog: Enough bullshit. Can you do the
dialog: job or not? If you can't -
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: We'll do it.
speaker_heading: STORM
text: Knowing he's on to something super hot.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (to himself,
dialog: soft but intense)
dialog: Who are you? Get out of those
dialog: shadows --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 7.
text: It's driving him crazy that he can't make out the Shadow
text: Men's faces. He peers around the wharf, looking for some
text: better vantage point.
scene_heading: SHACK - CONSPIRATORS
dialog: keep talking.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - STORM
text: Darting closer, using the row of bulk containers for cover.
text: He takes up a new position, nearer the shack re-aims the
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT #1 (MIKEY)
text: hears something -- peers directly at the spot where Storm
text: is hiding.
speaker_heading: STORM
text: ducks quickly back out of sight. As he does this, his
text: earphone cord catches on something. yanking the phone
text: off Storm's head. He cannot hear what the conspirators
dialog: say next -- but the audience can.
speaker_heading: CONSPIRATORS
dialog: SHADOW MAN WITH HAT
dialog: The job is a light plane ... a Lear
dialog: P61. We want it to take off -- we
dialog: don't want it to land.
text: Calabrese becomes aware of Mikey checking out the noise;
text: he motions the conspirators to shut up, then signals Mikey
text: to proceed. Mikey cocks his pistol, moves swiftly toward
text: the line of containers.
dialog: SHADOW MAN WITH HAT
text: steps forward into the light. His face comes clearly
text: into view. Well dressed, magnetic, Bobby Kennedy-ish --
text: he is L.A. Assemblyman VERNON TRENT.
scene_heading: TRENT (SHADOW MAN WITH HAT)
dialog: (to Calabrese,
dialog: with menace)
dialog: You told us this dock was clean --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 8.
scene_heading: STORM'S HIDING PLACE - MIKEY
text: steps around one container (out of view of the other men)
text: to the exact spot where Storm was. But Storm isn't there.
text: Mikey is about to check farther, when out of nowhere:
text: Storm lashes out with a savage punch to the face. The
text: blow is so devastating it knocks Mikey's feet out from
text: under him so that he topples face-forward into Storm's
text: arms, out cold. Storm soundlessly lowers the lookout to
dialog: the ground.
text: Storm shakes a sore hand and notices it's cut. Kneeling
text: down to the outstretched heap, he finds the cause of his
text: injury -- one of Mikey's teeth wiggles freely in his
text: fingers. Storm plucks the tooth and folds it inside the
text: big guy's hand.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (re: the fairy)
dialog: A quarter's a quarter.
speaker_heading: WHARF - SHACK
text: Calabrese and Vitale are getting uneasy.
speaker_heading: CALABRESE
dialog: Mikey! Quit playing with yourself
dialog: back there.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Mikey --
text: Guns come out. Calabrese and Vitale start this way --
speaker_heading: STORM
text: bolts back up the wharf, toward his car.
scene_heading: CALABRESE AND VITALE
text: hurry up to their fallen comrade. They see Storm 50 yards
text: back up the pier, fleeing. Vitale takes off after him at
text: a dead run. At that instant:
speaker_heading: TRENT
text: moves INTO FRAME beside Calabrese. The Bareheaded Shadow
text: Man with him is Police Captain DAN HOLLAND (in civilian
text: business suit) -- 21 years on the force, hard as nails.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 9.
speaker_heading: CONSPIRATORS' POV
text: They see Vitale pull up, on foot, as Storm's CAR ROARS
text: OFF into the darkness. Vitale seems close enough to pick
dialog: out the license number.
text: BACK TO TRENT
text: As his face moves into the light. Merciless, implacable.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: (to Calabrese)
dialog: Whoever that sonofabitch is, I don't
dialog: want him to get an hour older.
speaker_heading: CALABRESE
dialog: He won't, Mr. Assemblyman.
speaker_heading: CALABRESE'S LIMO
text: speeds up beside the conspirators. Calabrese gets in,
text: the limo whips off down the wharf to pick up Vitale and
text: take off after Storm.
scene_heading: TRENT AND HOLLAND
text: stand watching -- grim, furious.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - DETECTIVES ROOM - NIGHT
text: A burly plainclothesman, MAX DUNNE, waves his phone
text: receiver at Karl, Storm's partner, who's still at the
text: desk where we last saw him. A TV across the room tuned
text: to the ACADEMY AWARDS.
speaker_heading: DUNNE
dialog: Karl -- Storm on three.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: MINI-MALL PHONE BOOTH
text: Storm in a phone booth, crummy neighborhood near Torrance.
text: Karl punches line three, picks up his phone.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: You throwing away dimes now?
speaker_heading: STORM
text: This doesn't go out over the air,
dialog: pal. For your ears only.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 10.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (getting out
dialog: note pad)
dialog: What's going down?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Calabrese. I just got his ass --
text: on candid camera.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: You're full of shit!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Him and his gorilla Vitale. I got
text: film and audio on both of them,
dialog: laying out a hit. Two other guys I
dialog: couldn't make out, but I'm sure
dialog: they'll come up on the film. This
dialog: is a big one, Carlito. Our own
dialog: academy award. You ready?
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (taking notes)
dialog: Shoot.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I want you to track down Morgensteen
dialog: right now. If he's with that meter
text: maid from Pico, crank her legs apart
text: and pry him out of there.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: He ain't gonna be happy.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Screw his happiness. Tell him I
dialog: want the lab open at six-thirty
dialog: tomorrow morning. I want this film
dialog: pushed to the max, and nobody but
dialog: us to know about it. I know we got
dialog: something here.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: You bringing it in tonight?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I promised my kid I'd be home.
dialog: I'll be at the lab before dawn.
text: Storm hangs up.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 11.
scene_heading: EXT. MINI-MALL - NIGHT
text: A crummy mini-mall around Torrance. Storm exits the phone
text: booth -- crosses toward a liquor store, which is still
dialog: open this late at night.
scene_heading: INT. LIQUOR STORE - NIGHT
text: Storm enters. A grimy, high-crime booze store. Not
dialog: exactly the place to find Mumm's '36.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: How ya doing?
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Got any champagne?
text: The grizzled MAN behind the counter checks out Storm's
text: Versace threads.
speaker_heading: COUNTER MAN
text: Right next to the caviar.
dialog: (winks; points)
text: There's some in the big cooler.
text: Storm likes the guy. He notes the man's MINI-TV tuned to
text: WRESTLING.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You're not watching the Oscars?
speaker_heading: COUNTER MAN
dialog: The Oscars? I hate the Oscars.
text: Storm crosses to the cooler.
speaker_heading: COUNTER MAN
dialog: Who needs the goddam movies? I get
dialog: it all in here every night.
dialog: (indicates his
text: view from behind
dialog: counter)
dialog: Horror. Sex. Freaks. Violence.
dialog: And I ain't gotta pay no four bucks.
text: Storm pulls a bottle from the cooler. He notices, on a
text: high shelf, a big stuffed toy. Something for Sonny.
text: Storm stretches up, grabs it. Suddenly:
text: He notices something in the big convex shoplifting mirror.
text: Something approaching from outside.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (to Counter Man)
dialog: You got a phone back there?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 12.
speaker_heading: COUNTER MAN
dialog: Why ?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (orders him)
dialog: Punch nine-one-one.
text: The Man hesitates, letting a few precious seconds pass.
text: Three Latino PUNKS enter the store. One of them carries
text: a long-barreled shotgun.
speaker_heading: COUNTER MAN
dialog: Sonsofbitches! You creeps ripped
dialog: me off two weeks ago!
speaker_heading: SHOTGUN PUNK
dialog: Shut up.
text: He gestures to the register.
speaker_heading: COUNTER MAN
dialog: Take it, man. Take my life's
dialog: savings.
text: He scoops bills from the cash drawer (about twenty bucks)
text: shoves them to the Shotgun Punk. The Punk scowls --
speaker_heading: COUNTER MAN
dialog: Where is a cop when you goddam need
dialog: one?
dialog: (to Punks,
dialog: threatening)
dialog: I got half a mind to come out there
dialog: and teach you sonofabitch --
text: Shotgun Punk FIRES without warning -- point blank into
text: the counter display and the Man! The Counter Man is BLOWN
text: backwards -- cabinets crash; he crumples, groaning and
dialog: bloody onto the floor!
speaker_heading: SHOTGUN PUNK
dialog: Now you got half a mind, old man.
text: Punk #2 scoops up the money. The three Punks saunter up
dialog: and surround Storm.
text: Storm looks down at their feet, then to their faces and
text: smiles. Shotgun Punk points the gun at Storm's face.
speaker_heading: SHOTGUN PUNK
dialog: What are you grinning at, pindejo?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: We ... ell ... there's only three
dialog: of you and you only got one shot
dialog: left.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 13.
text: The Punks don't know whether to laugh or just shoot him,
text: but it is too late for either option, as Storm suddenly
text: spins between the Punks and behind the gun.
text: The SHOTGUN GOES OFF and BLOWS away part of the back WALL --
text: BOTTLES EXPLODE -- Storm locks the Punk's fingers into
text: the gun, rotates the gun as a bar, breaking the Punk's
dialog: arm.
text: The others make their move -- but now Storm has the shotgun
text: and is using it as a sword or staff. He looks like a
text: true master conductor in an almost magical manipulation.
dialog: These pour stupid Punks have become the instruments in
text: his spontaneous orchestra.
text: Punk #2 takes a vicious swipe at Storm with his long knife.
text: Storm ducks, goes to his knees, and uses the gun to foot-
text: sweep the Punk. The Punk's legs fly skyward and his head
text: slams against the floor. As soon as he hits, the shotgun
text: is slammed through his teeth.
text: The last Punk has produced an icepick and is staring at
text: his compadres in disbelief. He and Storm square off.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (to Punk, calmly)
dialog: I know what you're thinking. I
dialog: have this big shotgun and all you
dialog: have is that little icepick. Mine's
dialog: bigger than yours. It's not fair.
text: Storm sets the gun down. Punk #3 is still frozen.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Still not fair?
text: Storm gets down on his knees.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Don't wait for the blindfold,
dialog: maricon.
speaker_heading: PUNK #3
dialog: (clutching the
dialog: ice pick tightly)
dialog: Chinga tu madre!
text: The Punk lungs, thrusting the ice pick with lightning
text: speed at Storm's face.
text: Storm makes a slight movement, parries the thrust and
text: slides his body behind the Punk, simultaneously slamming
text: his forearm into the rear knee joint.
text: The Punk buckles and Storm now has one of his legs in
text: both arms and pins the other leg with his left knee.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 14.
text: We see the leg held in Storm's arms begin to twist ...
text: and with a blood-curdling scream we hear a LOUD SNAP.
text: SIRENS are heard approaching outside.
scene_heading: EXT. LIQUOR STORE - NIGHT
text: Black and whites pack the parking lot. Police ambulances
dialog: make ready to haul off the three Punks. T he Counter
text: Man, bandaged on a gurney, is wheeled out by paramedics.
text: One medic catches Storm's eye -- flashes a gesture
text: indicating the Counter Man will be okay.
text: Storm finishes with two other DETECTIVES, obviously
text: buddies, as they complete their on-site notes. The
text: champagne bottle rests on the hood of their car.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE #1
dialog: You were armed, Storm -- why didn't
dialog: you just use your gun?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I just got these new glazer bullets.
dialog: You know they're almost a buck a
dialog: pop now?
text: He grabs the champagne, takes off for his car.
scene_heading: INT. STORM'S CAR - TRAVELING - NIGHT
text: Chuck Mangione's "Feels So Good" PLAYS in the TAPE DECK.
text: Storm listens for a few beats, as if letting the horn
text: cool him out after the liquor store action. Then he ejects
text: the tape decisively -- reaches into his camera case, pulls
dialog: out the surveillance tape from tonight. He punches this
text: tape into the deck.
text: Storm listens. The part where the Shadow Man with the
dialog: hat (Trent) says, "You'll be well compensated. Money now --
dialog: and more when I get into that office. You can take that
text: to the bank." Storm CRANKS UP the VOLUME.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I know that voice.
text: Who the hell is it? He rewinds the tape --
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - STORM'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Storm's car turns into the block, slows approaching his
dialog: house.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 15.
scene_heading: INT. STORM'S CAR - TRAVELING - NIGHT
text: Still listening. Can't place the voice. Punches " eject,"
text: the tape pops half-out. Into the driveway, Storm activates
text: the garage door remote.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Storm's car stops, headlights go out. The garage door
text: closes. Storm gets out, carrying his camera case,
text: champagne and the big stuffed toy. He takes a couple of
text: steps toward the door to the house, then stops, remembering -
text: He leans back into the car, yanks the surveillance tape
text: from the deck. Hands full, he tucks the tape into a inside
text: pocket of his Versace vest.
scene_heading: INT. STORM'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: It's late; just a courtesy lamp left on for Storm. He
text: pulls the tapes and recorder from his case, stashes the
text: case out of sight. He grabs a couple of champagne glasses --
scene_heading: INT. STORM'S HOUSE - STAIRWAY - STORM
text: tiptoes toward the bedroom. Felicia appears at the top
text: of the stairs, wearing panties and a teddy top. She smiles
text: seeing the big toy, shooshes Storm --
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM SONNY'S ROOM
text: Storm stops outside his boy's room, looking in. Felicia
text: tiptoes up beside him. Sonny sprawls loose-limbed on the
text: bed in his Woody Woodpecker pajamas.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Wish I could sleep like that.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: Maybe I can help you.
text: She tugs Storm sexily toward the bedroom --
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Is that for me, Dad?
text: Storm stops, toy in hand --
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You faker.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 16.
text: He comes into the room, sits on the edge of Sonny's bed --
text: tousling his son's hair with great affection. Sonny takes
text: the stuffed toy sleepily, pulls it into bed beside him.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: E.T. lost.
dialog: Storm knows E.T. is not just a movie character to Sonny;
dialog: he's a real person.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Who won?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I dunno. Candy.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Candy?
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: (from doorway)
dialog: Mahatma Candy. He was a great man.
text: Storm moves closer to his son. He sees how much E.T.'s
dialog: loss has hurt his son, and wants to make it better.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (very gently)
dialog: You know why E.T. lost?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Cause they only let grownups vote.
dialog: If kids had voted --
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (cheered by
dialog: this)
dialog: -- We would have gave E.T.
dialog: everything!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: We would have given him everything.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Storm starts to rise.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (wants him to
dialog: stay)
dialog: Daddy -- tell me a knock-knock.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 17.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You know the rules.
dialog: (pulls covers
dialog: up)
dialog: One joke a day. I have to make 'em
dialog: last.
text: Already Sonny is most of the way back to sleep. Storm
dialog: kisses his forehead --
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
scene_heading: INSERT - JOHNNY CARSON - 1982 "TONIGHT SHOW"
text: In mid-joke behind his famous desk.
text: Storm and Felicia forms obscure part of the screen --
text: standing close to each other, beside the bed. Felicia
text: helps him off with his jacket.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: There's blood on your jacket.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: It's okay. It's not mine.
text: Storm's hands dump his stuff onto the bedside table --
text: camera, tapes from case, gun. He gathers the glasses,
text: pours champagne.
text: Felicia watches her husband. She plainly loves him deeply --
text: and is held and excited by his contradictions. They come
text: closer together, clinking their glasses, sipping.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: If people knew how sweet you are,
dialog: they'd never be scared of you.
text: She kisses him seductively, unbuttoning his shirt at the
text: collar. Storm still wears the vest.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: I'm not scared of you.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Maybe you should be.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: (closer,
dialog: increasing
dialog: passion)
dialog: Why? Are you planning on doing
dialog: something to me?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 18.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: A couple of things crossed my mind,
text: in the car coming home.
text: Another kiss. They get their glasses out of the way,
text: Storm lowers his wife languidly onto the bed. They begin
text: kissing more deeply. Storm helps Felicia slide out of
text: her teddy top; her beautiful breasts rise into the light.
text: Storm begins to kiss them, she moans with pleasure. The
text: lovemaking increases in intensity, Felicia's hand groping
text: to open Storm's pants. He begins to help her, guiding
dialog: her legs apart --
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: (in mid-kiss)
text: Door's open.
text: Not missing a beat, Storm grabs a heavy pillow, heaves it --
text: without looking -- at the door.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM HALLWAY - BEDROOM DOOR
text: The pillow strikes it, starting it swinging closed. Storm
text: and Felicia's forms, on the bed, are eclipsed. Sound
text: from the "CARSON SHOW" DROPS DOWN -
scene_heading: INT. STORM'S HOUSE - ANOTHER HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: TWO MEN -- carrying shotguns, faces hidden by masks --
text: move soundlessly down a hall. A terrible alien presence
text: within this normal American household. The men turn a
dialog: corner into a different hallway --
scene_heading: MEN'S POV - MOVING - HAND-HELD
text: At the end of this new hall: the bedroom door.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - TWO MEN
text: creeping closer.
scene_heading: BEDROOM - STORM AND FELICIA
text: Their passion highly aroused now. Felicia's legs wrapped
text: tight around Storm... their breathing, combined with the
text: TV sound, seems like it would obscure the men's silent
text: movement out in the hall. But:
text: Storm suddenly freezes. Listening.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 19.
speaker_heading: FELICIA
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: What?
text: Storm lunges for his .45 on the nightstand. Suddenly
text: LOUD and VIOLENT CRASH and the bedroom door is kicked in.
text: Two dark figures with shotguns leveled fill the door.
text: There is an eruption of GUNFIRE and blinding muzzle blast
text: and smoke. In the dim light for a moment we do not know
dialog: what has happened, then:
speaker_heading: STORM'S POV
text: We see one of the assassins thrown backward, jacket blown
text: open at the shoulder.
speaker_heading: SWITCH TO:
scene_heading: ASSASSIN'S PARTNER'S POV
text: We see Storm hit badly at close range. He takes it in
text: the right center mass. It looks like his right arm is
text: torn off as his .45 is literally blown across the room.
text: Felicia is now hysterically screaming -- but not for long --
text: as she is mortally wounded. We are sure Storm will
dialog: collapse and this horror will be over, but Storm rushes
text: the remaining assailant, and tilting his body sideways as
text: he enters, he avoids one more ferocious BLAST.
text: The momentum of Storm's quick spin catches the assailant
text: perfectly, and like a fast spinning top slammed against
text: another, Storm has the puppet by the strings. He clamps
text: down with his left and only good hand on the assailant's
text: right hand, and uses it against the gun as a tool for
text: more torque. Spinning him around until he is at the peak
text: of his circle, Storm with all his might spins his whole
text: body in the opposite direction quickly, using the whipping
text: effect of his shoulder and hip to snap the assailant's
text: wrist and flip him violently.
text: There is a LOUD CRACK and scream as he lands on his head
text: and neck, and then -- from the side, point-blank --another
text: ferocious SHOTGUN BLAST -- Storm is blown into the air
text: and back onto the bed from which he came.
scene_heading: QUICK CUTAWAY TO:
scene_heading: INT. KARL BECKER'S BEDROOM - ANGLE ON DIFFERENT SHOTGUNS
text: BOOMING! Karl (Storm's partner) being BLASTED. No chance
text: at all as he takes the full brunt of MULTIPLE BLASTS.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 20.
text: We recognize the large nautical wristwatch he wears as he
text: falls to the floor --
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. STORM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The scene of slaughter we just left. Now in perfect
text: stillness and quiet we HIGH ANGLE PAN DOWN the room in
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: SLOW MOTION:
text: Down feathers slowly float down toward the terribly sad
text: and lifeless bodies of Storm and Felicia. Holes pepper
text: walls; lamps obliterated; beds and pillows not even a
text: semblance of their original form; crimson red and white
dialog: smoke.
scene_heading: BEDROOM - NORMAL SPEED
text: The two assassins recover themselves. Bigger Man's
text: shoulder: limp and bloody.
speaker_heading: LITTLE MAN
dialog: (re: Big Man's
dialog: wound)
dialog: Man.
speaker_heading: BIG MAN
dialog: (he's tough)
dialog: Get to work.
text: They do. Big Man collects tapes and camera from the
text: bedside table, replacing them with large lumps of cocaine
text: and cash. Then lie coolly places something on the night
text: stand directly in front of the lifeless cop's face -- it
dialog: is a tooth.
text: Little Man rifles Storm's pockets, including the Versace
text: jacket beside the bed.
speaker_heading: LITTLE MAN
dialog: (patting Storm's
dialog: pants pockets)
dialog: You got the tapes?
speaker_heading: BIG MAN
dialog: (re: what he
dialog: grabbed from
dialog: the table)
dialog: I got a shitload of 'em.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 21.
text: Little Man is just about to search Storm's vest when he
text: looks up and sees:
scene_heading: BEDROOM DOORWAY - SONNY
text: Storm's little boy stands there, in his Woody Woodpecker
text: pajamas, holding the stuffed toy. He stares in numb
dialog: horror.
speaker_heading: LITTLE MAN (FORD)
text: without hesitation pumps his SHOTGUN, aims at the boy.
text: Sonny dashes from the bedroom as the BLAST rips the door
dialog: behind him!
scene_heading: SONNY'S ROOM - SONNY
text: streaks to the window, heaves against the sash --
scene_heading: HALLWAY - TWO MEN
text: Big Man (Dunne) boots Sonny's door open, crashes in --
scene_heading: SONNY'S ROOM - WINDOW
text: Sonny plunges out just as both men OPEN FIRE. They pound
text: ROUND after ROUND into and through the window, blowing
text: GLASS everywhere and ripping the windowframe and half the
text: wall to shreds. An ALARM begins BLARING. The men glance
text: to each other, flee.
scene_heading: EXT. STORM'S HOUSE - FRONT WALK - NIGHT
text: ALARM CONTINUING. The men emerge walking swiftly but not
text: running, shotguns tight to their sides. They cross the
text: street to a sedan parked in shadows. Up goes the trunk:
text: in go shotguns, plastic bag with tapes -- and their masks,
text: which they have just torn off.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN - NIGHT
text: Little Man whips behind the wheel. He is Jack Ford, an
dialog: extremely bad hombre we've never seen before. He STARTS
text: the CAR. Big Man in the passenger seat. We recognize
text: him! He is Max Dunne -- the burly man who took Storm's
text: phone call in the police station and passed the receiver
dialog: to Karl.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 22.
speaker_heading: DUNNE (BIG MAN)
dialog: Punch it.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The sedan speeds away.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - TRACKING SHOT - LIEUTENANT
scene_heading: O'MALLEY - NIGHT
text: A tall and heavy Irishman, built like a tank, with
text: beautiful baby-blue eyes.
text: He hurries down the corridor, radiating intensity. Several
text: cops with him. They turn a corner into a second corridor.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Jesus Christ.
scene_heading: O'MALLEYS POV - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE EMERGENCY ROOM
text: Jammed with cops, officials, newspeople. A circus.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
text: strides forward into the crush.
scene_heading: ASSEMBLYMAN TRENT AND CAPTAIN HOLLAND
text: side by side in the mob scene. We recognize the two Shadow
text: Men from the wharf -- the ones who ordered Storm's murder.
text: Under the glare of a mini-cam lamp, a female TV reporter
text: tries to get Trent to talk.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: knew Storm from when I was City
dialog: Attorney ... and he was a young
dialog: homicide detective -
dialog: (choking back
dialog: tears)
dialog: We worked on... cases ... together
dialog: ...
dialog: (can't go on)
dialog: I'm sorry ... sorry --
text: Trent's grief is so sincere, he himself almost believes
text: it; his aides shield him from the camera, steer him away,
text: in the direction of where O'Malley is. Holland goes the
text: opposite way. The reporter picks up her V.O.:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 23.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: That was Assemblyman Vernon Trent,
text: deeply moved by the loss of an
dialog: officer he knew, (etc.).
text: Medics wheel Felicia's body past, one bloody forearm
text: visible beneath the sheet.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: What makes people do this?
dialog: (in tears, agony)
dialog: Will you tell me? Will someone please
dialog: tell me?!!
text: O'Malley watches Trent pass, weeping, escorted out by
text: police and aides.
text: Across the crowd O'Malley spots Captain Holland, who
text: apparently is the man he's searching for.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Holland! Captain Holland!
text: In the general hubbub, Holland doesn't hear -- conferring
text: with some other officers.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST HOLLAND - EMERGENCY ROOM
text: THROUGH the glass partition, we see doctors and nurses
text: going about their examination of Storm's body.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
text: pushes his way toward Holland. Two uniformed cops in the
text: crush along the way. O'Malley comes up beside Holland.
scene_heading: HOLLAND (BAREHEADED SHADOW)
dialog: They always said Storm was
dialog: superhuman. Now we know why he was
dialog: always jacked up on coke!
text: O'Malley grabs Holland, slams him against the glass wall.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: (whisper, full
dialog: of menace)
dialog: Let me tell you something, you piss-
dialog: ant. That man in there was the
dialog: cleanest I ever knew -- with more
dialog: honor and guts than this whole
dialog: department put together. If I ever
dialog: hear you say fuck all like that
dialog: again, I'll lose my shield to put
dialog: you where you belong.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 24.
text: O'Malley releases Holland, backs off, calming himself.
text: The men stare at each other.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (hostile)
dialog: What the hell's I.A. doing up at
dialog: this hour?
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
text: Taking over the show.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: This is Homicide, not Internal
dialog: Affairs.
text: O'Malley tugs out a letter on official stationery.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: We got two cops down, with money
dialog: and drugs all over the place. This
dialog: is straight from the commissioner.
text: Holland is clearly upset by this, but knows he can't argue
text: with a letter from the commissioner. Reluctantly he yields.
text: He turns his gaze back to the stretcher in the ER.
text: Now he and O'Malley are just two officers, sharing a loss.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: You and Storm were tight, O'Malley.
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: He was the most unstoppable
dialog: sonofabitch I ever knew.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Well.
dialog: He got stopped tonight.
text: Holland breaks his stare at Storm's body and drags away,
text: signaling his own cops to vacate. They exit. No farewells
text: between Holland and O'Malley. O'Malley waits silently,
text: watching Holland and his men clear the corridor and
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: emerges from the emergency room.
speaker_heading: E.R. DOCTOR
dialog: Excuse me, are you with the police?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 25.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: (dully, showing
dialog: ID)
dialog: Lieutenant O'Malley. What've you
dialog: got, Doc?
speaker_heading: E.R. DOCTOR
dialog: I've got a live cop, is what I've
dialog: got.
scene_heading: INT. E.R. TRAUMA ROOM
text: O'Malley stares at Storm's body, stunned. The Doctor
text: stands beside him -- at the side of the room, away from
text: the medics.
speaker_heading: E.R. DOCTOR
dialog: The paramedics called it wrong, so
dialog: did my people at first. Look... it
text: happens. The man had no vital signs.
text: With all the blood and excitement,
dialog: I almost missed it myself. But we
dialog: have a pulse now. Your man is alive,
dialog: Lieutenant.
text: O'Malley's eyes flash from Storm (over whom the medics
text: are now working) to the corridor outside, at the end of
text: which he can see several straggling cops and news people.
dialog: His mind is racing --
text: He spots something on a stainless steel medical table:
text: Storm's blood-soaked vest, apparently tossed there when
text: the medics stripped Storm to work on him. O'Malley picks
text: the vest up. He studies it -
speaker_heading: INSERT - VEST
dialog: The surveillance tape Storm stashed is still there!
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
text: slips the cassette into his pocket. O'Malley makes a
text: decision. Turns intensely toward the Doctor.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Who else knows he isn't dead?
speaker_heading: E.R. DOCTOR
dialog: No one ... just the people in her.
dialog: But --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 26.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: I want to see each one of them before
text: they leave the room. No one else
dialog: comes in as of right now.
speaker_heading: E.R. DOCTOR
dialog: Hold on. I don't think you --
text: O'Malley steers the Doctor into a corner.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: (eyeball to
dialog: eyeball)
text: Mason Storm is going to vanish,
dialog: Doctor -- and you're gonna help
dialog: make it happen. Until he can give
dialog: us some answers, the deader he is,
dialog: the safer he is.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - STORM
text: The man could be dead, but the reality is he has survived
dialog: and still lives.
scene_heading: QUICK FADE TO:
scene_heading: MONTAGE - WITH SCORE
scene_heading: A) L.A. TIMES FRONT PAGE
text: "SENATOR CALDWELL KILLED IN SIERRA PLANE CRASH. Photo of
text: Senator Caldwell, photo of light plane crash in mountains.
scene_heading: B) CLOSE - TV - LOCAL NEWS
dialog: Photo of Trent, with capitol in b.g.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: -- The governor today appointed
dialog: dashing L.A. Assemblyman Vernon
dialog: Trent to the Senate seat vacated by
dialog: the tragic death of --
scene_heading: C) INT. COMA WARD - NIGHT
text: Scene of still sadness, motionless bodies in beds. An
text: elderly nurse tends to patients ... one of them is Storm.
scene_heading: D) SAN FRANCISC0 CHRONICLE FRONT PAGE
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 27.
scene_heading: "TRENT WINS SECOND TERM." Subhead: "POPULAR SENATOR TOUTED
text: FOR VP SLOT IN '92." Photo of Trent with wife and kids.
scene_heading: E) INT. COMA WARD - NIGHT
text: Storm in a different bed, different side of the ward.
text: Different nurse. Monitors depict EEG, etc. MUSIC DOWN,
dialog: sequence ends --
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT SKY - THUNDERSTORM (STOCK)
text: A THUNDERBOLT CRACKS -- lightning, rain sheeting down.
scene_heading: SUPER: "SEVEN YEARS LATER"
scene_heading: INT. (UCI) MEDICAL FACILITY - COMA WARD - NIGHT
text: We hear RAIN O.S. as two hallway swinging doors open and --
speaker_heading: ANDREA SIMPSON ("ANDY")
text: strides through. Raincoat, wet hair ... carrying a small
text: clothing bag, armload of books and notes. Andy is serious
text: and businesslike but underneath it all, she is the most
dialog: sensuous and beautiful woman you have ever seen.
scene_heading: ANGLE - NURSES' STATION
text: MARTHA COE, an attractive black nurse about Andy's age,
text: finishes her shift report. She barely pays attention as
text: Andy comes up, starts unloading her stuff.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: You're early again.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: You won't report me, will you?
text: Andy gulps from Martha's coffee cup. We see they're good
dialog: friends, who've split shifts on this ward for many moons.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (re: shift report)
dialog: Inquiring minds want to know --
scene_heading: INT. COMA WARD - NIGHT
text: Martha and Andy, with the shift report.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 28.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: -- Dr. Cannon ordered a glucose
text: drip on Jimmy See. Mack's E.E.G.
dialog: monitor's developing a nice
dialog: electronic hiccup -- and your
dialog: boyfriend...
dialog: (indicating
dialog: Storm)
dialog: ... turned his head.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (electrified)
dialog: He did?
text: In a coma ward, this is headline news.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (excited too)
dialog: I thought he was going to sit up.
dialog: I almost shit!
text: The nurses laugh. But Andy's glance toward Storm's bed
text: is full of deep care and hope.
scene_heading: INT. COMA WARD - CLOSE ON STORM - LATER
text: Changed in seven years, softer. His shaggy hair is
text: manicured in a sleeker, longer length and he wears a
text: smartly short, perfectly trimmed beard. We glimpse, on
text: Storm's chart, the identifying label: "JOHN DOE 461Z."
scene_heading: ANGLE - BEDS OF OTHER PATIENTS
text: trapped between sleep and death. A spectral, haunting
text: scene, full of pathos.
scene_heading: BESIDE STORM'S BED - ANDY
text: works, full of beauty and youth -- like a beacon of life
text: and hope in this silent still world. She runs a physical
text: therapy regimen on Storm and seems quite expert at this
text: delicate work. The "workouts" are electronically induced
text: by sophisticated impulse equipment.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (gently, with
dialog: compassion and
dialog: hope)
dialog: -- Can you hear me, John Doe? I
dialog: don't care what the doctors say, I
dialog: know my words are reaching you
dialog: somehow.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 29.
speaker_heading: ANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to talk to you tonight...
dialog: and tomorrow night ... and the night
dialog: after that. I'm going to keep talking
dialog: to you till you come back --
text: On the shelf behind his head is a framed photo of Yogi
text: Berra, with the quote: "IT AIN'T OVER TILL IT'S OVER.
text: Andy lifts it and sets it an the pillow beside Storm's
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yogi said it ain't over till it's
text: over. Till the fat lady sings.
dialog: There's life in you, J.D., I feel
dialog: it. I'll never give up on you, and
dialog: you'll never give up on yourself --
text: She finishes working out Storm's muscles, beginning
text: disconnecting the contact points. She stops, lifts the
text: robe off Storm so that she can see his lower body, naked,
dialog: underneath.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Besides ... you've got so much to
dialog: live for.
text: As Andy replaces the sheet, her WRISTWATCH ALARM BEEPS a
text: reminder. Checking the watch, she leans over and smooths
text: Storm's sheet, touching him tenderly.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Sorry. I won't be long.
text: She exits.
scene_heading: INT. EMPLOYEE SNACK KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Martha pouring herself a cup of coffee. Andy comes in.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: How's the sleeping prince?
text: Andy crosses to the counter, starts pouring herself a cup
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: Still sleeping.
dialog: (serious)
dialog: It's bad enough when it's old people.
dialog: But a young handsome guy --
text: Her voice trails off.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 30.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Don't let this job get you, honey.
text: It's eight hours, not twenty-four.
dialog: Get out, meet somebody ... get laid --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (with a grin)
dialog: You can have my orgasms, Martha.
dialog: I'll make up for 'em later.
scene_heading: INT. COMA WARD - CLOSE ON STORM - NIGHT
text: His hand moves! A beat ... then another. Something's
text: happening. Another beat, and then we see him draw several
text: sharp intake breaths, then a very deep breath. Suddenly
text: he shudders intensely --
scene_heading: MONTAGE - SUBLIMINAL SEQUENCE
text: Storm's return to consciousness. Like a disjointed dream
text: sequence, we meld OPTICALLY DISTORTED FOOTAGE of scenes
text: into a quick sequence depicting Storm's journey up the
dialog: "tunnel" from unconsciousness and back to life:
text: A) Storm emerging from the door of his house, the night
text: of the Oscars. Felicia smiling, taking his arm --
dialog: B) Sonny's bedroom, the night of the Oscars. Sonny with,
text: the stuffed toy, embracing Storm --
text: C) The masked assassins. SHOTGUN BLASTS detonating point
dialog: blank into Storm and Felicia --
scene_heading: INT. COMA WARD - STORM
text: His eyes open. He grimaces with pain, as if even the dim
text: illumination of the ward blinds him. His eyes keep
text: blinking and squeezing, his tongue working for saliva --
scene_heading: INT. NURSES' STATION - ANDY
text: Alone, doing paperwork, concentrating totally on her work.
scene_heading: INT. COMA WARD - STORM
text: His hand slowly rises, finds his face. He discovers the
text: electrodes, pausing to determine what they are, everything
text: a slow painful effort.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 31.
scene_heading: INT. NURSES' STATION - ANDY
text: A BUZZER sounds on a bank of monitoring equipment. Andy
text: glances up; a light flashes on one screen. She studies
text: the screen a moment, gives a perplexed look toward the
dialog: ward --
scene_heading: INT. COMA WARD
text: Andy enters, scanning the area, listening. She moves
text: down the row of patients, visually checking each. She
text: stops at Storm and checks him, too.
text: Storm's eyes are closed; he's motionless.
text: Andy turns, starts to exit.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (in b.g., weakly,
dialog: directly behind)
dialog: -- Nurse ...
text: Andy whips around, sucking air and falling back, knocking
text: over an IV UNIT -- which SHATTERS on the floor!
text: She turns and sprints from the room.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - TRACKING STORM'S GURNEY - NIGHT
text: As we crash through doors WITH it. MOVING FAST. Knotted
text: around Storm is an emergency team of doctors and nurses.
text: A controlled chaos of AD LIB status reports and queries
text: from them overlaps as the doors swing shut behind them.
text: Andy is left alone on the coma ward.
scene_heading: INT. NURSES' STATION - NIGHT
text: Andy unlocks a drawer, pulls out a laminated card from
text: the record notice section. She picks up a phone, punches
text: in a long series of numbers.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE - DETECTIVES' ROOM - NIGHT
text: The PHONE on someone's desk begins RINGING. JONES, a
text: plainclothesman, picks it up.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 32.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Internal affairs. Detective Sergeant
dialog: Jones.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: My name is Andrea Simpson. I'm
text: calling from U.C.I. Medical Center.
dialog: I'd like to speak with
dialog: (reads from
dialog: card)
dialog: Captain O'Malley.
text: Wheels start to turn in Jones' head.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: What is this in regard to, please?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I have a John Doe coma patient,
dialog: code access 461 zebra, with
dialog: instructions to notify upon any
dialog: change in condition.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: What is the change?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (with enthusiasm)
dialog: The patient has regained
dialog: consciousness.
text: Jones reacts -- puts his hand over the receiver, turns to
text: a leather-faced plainclothesman (NOLAN) at the next desk.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Nolan. Get Holland at home ...
dialog: right now.
dialog: (back to Andy
dialog: on phone)
dialog: I'm sorry, Ms. Simpson. Captain
dialog: O'Malley is no longer with this
dialog: division. Let me take your
dialog: information. Please ... contact no
dialog: one else on this matter.
scene_heading: INT. COMA WARD - NIGHT
text: Storm back in bed. A knot of doctors finishes returning
text: him from their emergency resuscitation work. "We'll leave
dialog: him here for tonight, where they've got the full support
text: setup." The team wraps up and begins to move off.
text: The TEAM LEADER instructs Andy in Storm's immediate
dialog: condition and care.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 33.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (TEAM LEADER)
dialog: -- Clip him with 50 cc of Thorazine
dialog: if he gives you any trouble. I'm
text: afraid he's very disoriented and
dialog: quite paranoid. He thinks people
text: are trying to kill him.
text: The team exits. Andy is alone in the ward with the
text: immobile patients -- and Storm. Storm groans and tries
text: to lift himself onto an elbow.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Miss ... please ... they won't tell
dialog: me ... think I'm too disorient --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: This is U.C.I. Medical Center.
dialog: You've been in a coma. Your charts
dialog: go back for seven years.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (staggered)
dialog: Seven... years?
text: He can't absorb this. It's too much. His mind reels.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Who ... who knows I'm awake?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (innocent
dialog: enthusiasm)
dialog: It's all over the hospital. You're
dialog: the first one that's come out of a
dialog: coma of this duration. You'll
dialog: probably be on the news!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You'll be famous!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (struggles to
dialog: sit up; fails)
dialog: Listen to me carefully --
dialog: (reads her name
dialog: tag)
dialog: -- Andy. I don't have the strength
dialog: to talk much. I'm a cop. My wife
dialog: ... family ... murdered. That's
dialog: how I got here. If you don't get
dialog: me out ... you and I ... good chance
dialog: ... both be dead.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Please -- you're in no danger here.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 34.
text: She touches him kindly -- but Storm sees that she doesn't
text: believe him, thinks he's paranoid.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Goddamit --
dialog: (urgent but
dialog: weak)
dialog: can't stay here. Listen to me -
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'll have one of the aides take you
text: down the hall for hydrotherapy.
dialog: It'll help you relax.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Listen... I've got work to do.
dialog: You're my cutest patient, but you're
dialog: not my only one.
text: She leaves. Storm blows a sigh of frustration. His body
text: won't do what his brain tells it! In half-paralyzed rage
text: he struggles to move his limbs, open and close his hands --
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM - FIRST FLOOR - NIGHT
text: An accident case being hurried in from an ambulance.
text: Paramedics, E.R. personnel and patients fill the scene.
text: A bespectacled doctor in a white coat casually emerges
text: from the crush and continues on into a hallway.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - DOCTOR
text: This is no doctor; it's Jack Ford, one of the killers who
dialog: shotgunned Storm seven years ago!
scene_heading: INT. HYDROTHERAPY ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: DANNY, an aide, has Storm harnessed in a frothing
text: whirlpool.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR/MAIN DIRECTORY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Several nurses chat and drink coffee at a clerical station.
text: Ford comes up - nameplate, stethoscope, looking the part
text: perfectly. We see him exchange a greeting, ask a question.
text: One of the nurses hands him a clipboard with some papers
text: on it. As the killer scans the clipboard -RUSS, the
text: security man, approaches.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 35.
text: Ford averts his face subtly, continuing to study the list.
text: Russ passes, with a greeting for the nurses -- and a
text: (slightly unsure) nod for the killer. The killer nods
dialog: back.
scene_heading: SECOND FLOOR SUPPLY ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Andy arrives and goes about business.
scene_heading: INT. THIRD FLOOR ELEVATORS - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: A set of DOORS DINGS open. Ford steps out.
scene_heading: INT. COMA WARD - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Eerie ultraviolet; motionless forms; steady HUM of
text: monitoring EQUIPMENT -- and the shuffle of the killer's
text: shoes ... moving purposefully from bed to bed checking
dialog: each chart for the right name.
scene_heading: INT. THIRD-FLOOR NORTH CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Danny helps Storm out of the tub.
scene_heading: INT. COMA WARD - CLOSE ON FORD - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Checking the chart in the dim blue when -- a flashlight
text: ray suddenly hits his face ...
speaker_heading: RUSS
dialog: Excuse me, Doctor. I have to check
text: everyone on the upper floors.
dialog: (comes forward,
dialog: no suspicion)
dialog: Can I just get your I.D. --
text: PHHT! Russ takes the SILENCED SHOT right between the
text: eyes. His body collapses in a heap there in the entry.
scene_heading: INT. THIRD-FLOOR CORRIDOR
text: Danny wheels Storm through the big swinging doors.
text: Suddenly -- he freezes.
speaker_heading: DANNY'S POV
text: He sees Russ's partial body in the doorway up the hall
text: recognizable because of its security uniform trousers.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 36.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: reacts as if fearing Russ has had a heart attack. He
text: leaves Storm, rushes forward to investigate. Storm strains
dialog: to see.
scene_heading: INT. DOORWAY TO COMA WARD
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (dashes up)
dialog: Russ! Russ, are you --
text: PHHT! PHHT! Danny sprawls onto the floor, dead.
scene_heading: INT. CLOSE ON STORM
text: Doesn't need to see to recognize that sound. He gropes
text: at once for the wall corner, trying to propel his litter
text: back through the swinging doors and out of sight.
text: Storm strains for it, his limbs maddeningly uncooperative
text: ... stretching, pawing ... until -- he claws far enough
text: to reach where the janitor's mop rests against the wall.
scene_heading: COMA WARD - HALLWAY - FORD
text: steps into the hallway, peering up and down -- just as
text: Storm slides out of view. The killer grabs Danny's body
text: by the ankles, to drag it back out of sight. Just then:
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: backs through the double doors at the other end of the
text: hall, trying to balance an overloaded tray of supplies
text: she's carrying. She and Ford are momentarily in full
text: view of each other ... but backs turned. Suddenly --
text: Ford hears Andy! He spins ... gun ready.
text: Andy carefully heads that way -- the two corpses visible
text: ahead and the killer poised to waste her. But she's
text: concentrating on the overloaded tray, traveling closer
text: ... closer ... until -- she turns off into the medicine
dialog: room.
text: Ford swiftly hauls both corpses out of sight.
speaker_heading: AT ELEVATORS
text: Storm weakly, awkwardly "rows" himself toward the elevators
text: with the mop handle. Then using his hands, trying to
text: grasp the wall and push himself along.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 37.
text: He makes it within reach of the call button and stabs at
text: it with the mop handle. Misses. Again. Then: bull's-
dialog: eye! The light comes on!
scene_heading: INT. COMA WARD
text: Ford has found the last (Storm's) medical chart -- and
text: the empty bed. He's heading back -- frustrated, angry
text: out toward the hall when... the elevator BELL DINGS.
speaker_heading: AT ELEVATORS
text: Storm struggles to push himself inside. Everything an
text: excruciating effort. The doors slap into his litter,
text: trying to close. Reopen. Close. Reopen. Hindering him
text: as he throws a look toward --
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - FORD
text: stalks this way, ears tuned to the SLAPPING DOORS ahead
text: around the corner. He breaks into a trot --
scene_heading: ELEVATORS - STORM
text: makes it all the way in with a final heave. FOOTSTEPS
text: nearing. The doors not yet closed and --
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - FORD
text: rounds the corner just as they shut. Races forward --
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: Storm jabs at the panel for the lobby button -- but the
text: shaky mop handle hits 7TH FLOOR instead.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Sonofabitch!
scene_heading: THIRD-FLOOR CORRIDOR - AT ELEVATORS
text: The killer hears this -- hears the ELEVATOR START UP. He
text: punches the call button. The other elevator opens. He
text: plunges in just as:
scene_heading: SOUTH CORRIDOR - ANDY
text: comes out of the medicine room and spots blood on the
text: floor, hurries forward -- sees Russ and Danny's bodies!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 38.
text: She backs off in horror.
text: Andy rushes to the ward station, lunges for the phone --
text: finds it's been cut. Her view into the coma room suddenly
text: brings the realization that Storm's bed is still gone.
speaker_heading: STORM'S ELEVATOR
text: The doors open -- revealing a dark, deserted seventh floor
text: still under construction. He registers the opposing
text: elevator rising his way -- jabbing again at the control
text: panel ... exposed there ... doors wide open. Wild stabs.
dialog: Any button will do -- just close the goddam door!
text: DING! Ford's ELEVATOR arrives. Doors open. We make out
text: the killer's form -- just as Storm's doors close.
text: Storm blows huge relief. Looks to see what he finally
text: pushed ... Shit! -- the 3RD FLOOR button. He puts the
text: mop to the side wall and shoves himself with all he's
text: got. The gurney wheels around and places him right next
text: to the control panel. Storm twists onto his side and
text: slams a hand over the EMERGENCY STOP button. But the
text: button jams! And Storm's thrusting hand has pushed his
text: gurney even farther away! He can't reach it!
text: He feels the elevator about to stop at a floor ... claws
text: at the mop, as a weapon ... raises it with all his feeble
text: strength. The doors open and --
text: Andy crashes into him!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: My God!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (hoarse, weak)
dialog: -- Help me ...
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - FORD
text: Pounding down the steps three at a time. Gun in hand.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY
text: Andy hauls Storm's litter full tilt out of the elevator.
text: A night janitor is waxing the floor, his long power cord
text: snaking down the corridor. He stares in astonishment at
text: this nurse racing down the corridor with a gurney --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 39.
scene_heading: ANGLE - GURNEY
text: As its wheels hit the buffing machine cord. The gurney
text: bucks, almost capsizes.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'm sorry! Sorry --
text: She heaves the gurney, despite all its weight, past the
dialog: power cord, just as:
speaker_heading: FORD
text: hurtles from the stairwell. In one beat, he takes in the
text: janitor; in the next, Andy and Storm -- down the hall.
text: Ford takes off after them. He's going to catch them!
speaker_heading: JANITOR
text: jerks up on the power cord! It whipsnakes down the hall,
text: flaring up, tripping Ford! He sprawls face-first as:
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Andy blasts through the exit doors with Storm on the
text: gurney. She hauls ass with him into the parking lot --
dialog: BACK TO FORD
text: He spins, on the floor, drills TWO SILENCED SHOTS into
text: the janitor's chest. The janitor drops.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL EXIT - FORD
text: highballs from the doors, in time to see:
scene_heading: FORD'S POV - ACROSS PARKING LOT
text: A dark-colored CAR, its make indistinguishable in the
text: dark lot, SCREECHES into an exit lane and races out of
dialog: the lot.
scene_heading: PARKING LOT - FORD
text: hurries after it on foot. Too late. He pulls up.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 40.
speaker_heading: EMPTY GURNEY
text: rolls randomly INTO VIEW across the lot.
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE - WIDE SHOT - PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY - DAWN
text: Andy's car speeds up the PCH. Majestic Malibu Mountains
text: visible -- dawn sun shimmering the ocean with early light.
scene_heading: INT. ANDY'S CAR - MOVING - DAWN
text: Storm sprawled, asleep, exhausted, in the passenger seat.
text: Andy windblown at the wheel. A pair of fugitives, on the
text: run. The car pulls off the highway, past a sign for
speaker_heading: "OJAI."
scene_heading: INT. L.A. COUNTY COURTHOUSE - MEETING ROOM - DAY
text: OPENING ON a big table, covered with weapons confiscated
text: from gangs -- pistols, knives, assault rifles. Reporters
text: crowd around Senator Trent at the table. A large sign
text: reads: "GANG WEAPONS SEIZED IN ONE WEEK!"
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: (to group,
dialog: finishing up)
dialog: Six gang-related murders in one
dialog: week. We're going to put a stop to
dialog: it -- and we're going to start right
dialog: here!
text: Trent picks an AK-47 off the table and stuffs it
text: theatrically into a huge TRASH CAN. News cameras record
text: this juicy nugget for the nightly news.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: I'll be talking with the mayor.
dialog: We'll have a statement shortly --
text: He raises a fist in a "power salute," moves off --
scene_heading: SIDE OF ROOM - TRENT
text: Waving and beaming, edges away to the "wings," where Ford
text: and Dunne wait, along with Holland -- proper and official
text: in their plainclothes suits.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: (to Holland,
dialog: furious)
dialog: How much dirt do I have to shovel
dialog: into this goddam Storm's grave?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 41.
speaker_heading: TRENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus Christ!
dialog: (turns to Ford)
text: The man is flat out on a stretcher
dialog: and you still can't kill him!
text: Reporters and bystanders continue to approach and
text: congratulate Trent. He handles them easily, shaking hands --
text: then ducking back, aside, to his thugs.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: Holland -- plaster his ass with
text: slime in the press. Put a tail on
dialog: every person he knows --
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: We know how to do our job, Senator.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: Then start showing it.
dialog: (to Ford, Dunne)
dialog: I'm starring in that sonofabitch's
dialog: home movie -- and the Oscar is thirty
text: years in the slammer. He's toast,
dialog: understand?
text: The assassins nod grimly. Trent turns, hands raised
text: triumphantly, to the crowd.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: (to crowd)
dialog: We're going to end violence in this
dialog: state -- and you can take that to
dialog: the bank!
scene_heading: EXT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE - DAY
text: A horse in sunshine. Pretty oaks on a hillside beyond.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE - BEDR00M DAY
text: Storm blinks his eyes -- groggy, disoriented. He is in
text: bed, just waking up. Outside his window: this postcard-
dialog: perfect ranch scene. Has he died and gone to heaven? He
dialog: can barely absorb it: nature, sunshine, life.
text: Storm peers around. He is alone in a pretty room, with
text: Western and Oriental furnishings. He's safe; someone has
text: apparently put him to bed, seen that he's comfortable.
text: He remembers: the nurse ... Andy.
text: A TV is on at the foot of the bed. Storm squints at the
text: digital clock beside him: 4:17 PM. Storm closes his eyes.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 42.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Seven years.
text: He struggles to sit. It takes all his strength simply to
text: get half-propped on pillows. Something jabs him. It's a
text: TV remote, on the sheet beside him. Storm picks it up.
text: After a beat, he manages to focus on the TV --
scene_heading: TV SCREEN - "GERALDO SHOW" (FILE TAPE)
text: Heated argument in progress. Suddenly Roy Innis leaps
text: from his chair, starts strangling a white supremacist
text: across from him. Melee. The stage flooded with shooting,
text: fist-fighting men. Geraldo's nose is broken!
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: (from TV)
dialog: -- Stay tuned for more of: Best of
dialog: Geraldo!
text: BACK TO STORM
dialog: Dumbstruck.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Geraldo?
text: Outside the HORSE WHINNIES loudly and rears up on its
text: hind legs. Storm turns toward the horse --
text: When Storm is turned away from the TV, a 10-second ad
text: comes on. Senator Trent waving and smiling to a crowd.
speaker_heading: AD (V.O.)
dialog: (from TV)
dialog: Senator Vernon Trent promises: No
dialog: new taxes!
speaker_heading: TRENT (V.O.)
dialog: (from TV)
dialog: And you can take that to the bank!
text: Storm misses this. He turns back to:
speaker_heading: TV SCREEN
text: An attractive female spokesperson speaks directly and
text: sincerely into camera.
speaker_heading: FEMALE SPOKESPERSON (V.O.)
dialog: (from TV)
dialog: -- If you want to sleep with me ...
dialog: you better wear a Pharoah.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 43.
text: A "product shot" of condom packages appears.
speaker_heading: MALE ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: (from TV)
dialog: Pharoah condoms. The only safer
dialog: sex is no sex at all!
speaker_heading: STORM
text: Certain the world has gone insane.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Andy at the wall phone.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: can't come in to work, are you
dialog: crazy?! I can't even go to my
dialog: apartment! People are dead, Martha
dialog: ... no, I can't tell you where I am
dialog: ... you're better off not knowing --
text: Mini-TV on countertop. On TV: a photo of Storm. Jack
dialog: Esposito reporting --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I am freaking A.W.O.L. I mean, what
dialog: am I gonna do with this guy --
dialog: (pacing, anxious)
dialog: I want to help him... my God, he
dialog: needs it ... but it's all over the
dialog: T.V., he's some kind of crooked cop
dialog: with drugs and murder and --
text: CLICK. Andy turns to see Storm standing there, glowering --
text: his hand on the PHONE hang-up bar.
text: For half a beat, Andy is frightened: unsure what this man
text: will do. Then Storm starts to collapse.
text: Andy rushes to him, supports him.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: It's okay -- I'm here, I'm with
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Storm on the couch, phone in hand -- Andy across from
text: him. The day's newspapers before them... TV ON in b.g.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 44.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah, that Esposito. The ignorant
dialog: fuck who's broadcasting the news
dialog: right now.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Tell him it's Storm. Mason Storm.
text: Storm cups the receiver -- steaming -- waiting to be put
text: through. His eyes flash to the room, the house...
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (to Andy)
dialog: I can't stay here. They'll trace
dialog: you from the hospital in two --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: I told you -- no one knows I'm here!
dialog: I'm house-sitting...
dialog: (out of patience,
dialog: frustrated and
dialog: frightened)
dialog: This place belongs to a doctor friend
dialog: of my parents. He's in China now,
dialog: on research... won't be back for
dialog: six months. The medical center
dialog: only has my apartment address.
dialog: Even my friends don't have this
dialog: number.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Will you believe me?! We're safe
dialog: here.
text: Storm studies her for a long beat. Then: a voice comes
text: onto the phone line.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Esposito?
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Listen, you sonofabitch --
scene_heading: EXT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE (OJAI) - EVENING
dialog: We see a little more of where we are: a pretty little
text: retreat, nestled amid rolling hills. With the evening
text: light, the mood seems softer.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEEAD HOUSE - LIVING ROCM - EVENING
text: Storm on a different couch -- very tired. Looking
text: terrible. Andy sits on the floor at the coffee table --a
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 45.
text: phone beside her, the table covered with notepads,
text: scribbled pages.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: We'll find your friend O'Malley.
dialog: We'll just keep phoning ...
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Listen. I'm getting out of here.
text: He grabs for a cane resting against the sofa.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (knows he has
dialog: no chance)
dialog: I'll buy tickets to that.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I just need some food -- and a few
dialog: days to get my strength.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Days? Try a few weeks.
text: Storm braces against the cane, ready to try to stand.
text: Andy gets up, to catch him. This infuriates Storm's pride.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You helped me, okay? I'm grateful.
dialog: But every day you keep helping puts
dialog: you in more danger.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Danger is my middle name.
dialog: This is no joke to Storm.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I've been dead, Andy. You wouldn't
dialog: like it.
text: He tries to get up. Andy stops him.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hey, hey -- I don't think you get
dialog: the picture here. Your muscles
dialog: have been getting electronic
text: stimulation at the hospital, but
dialog: it's not like actually being up and
dialog: bearing weight.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You're the one who doesn't get the
dialog: picture.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 46.
speaker_heading: STORM (CONT'D)
dialog: First of all, I ain't no fucking
dialog: invalid! And second, I don't have
dialog: time --
text: He makes it upright, shaking, with a "See, I told you"
dialog: look.
text: He starts toward the kitchen. Andy looks very worried
dialog: but doesn't try to stop him. First step -- okay. Second --
text: okay. Third -- blam! The cane slips and he falls flat on
text: his face. Too weak to break the fall.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - STORM
text: We see his face on the carpet and a mean desperate
dialog: conviction in these eyes not to fail and not to give up.
text: He struggles to rise -- it is pitiful. He's on his knees
text: growling with effort. Cane propped up, he manages to
text: somehow stand again. One step ... two steps ... three,
text: four ... he's absolutely exhausted. Boom! Falls flat
dialog: again.
scene_heading: ANOTHER LOW ANGLE
text: Storm's face on the floor.
speaker_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP
dialog: Fury, frustration, despair --
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: grabs his arm and helps him back onto the couch. She
text: exits the room and comes back momentarily with a bowl of
text: rice and begins to try to feed him. Of course he takes
text: the fork away and tries it himself, but by now his arms
text: are so fatigued from the previous strain that they shake,
text: his hand trembles and he misses his mouth -- getting the
text: rice all down his beard. Spilling a little too much to
text: ignore and at first it looks like he's going to explode.
text: He looks up at Andy, who looks so sad.
text: Storm breaks out laughing and so does Andy. They howl
text: together for a while and then settle down. Now Andy begins
dialog: to "help" feed Storm.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE - STORM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Storm is in bed -- writing something on a note pad.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 47.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (next to bed)
dialog: Mata Hari -- at your service.
text: She looks at what Storm is writing: Chinese characters.
text: Storm writes from top to bottom, straight up and down.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Just some herbs I need for my
dialog: recovery.
text: She takes the list, studies it.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: No problem. This is on my list for
dialog: Safeway every day.
scene_heading: EXT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE - DAY
text: Andy's car drives up to the house, pulls into the garage.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Andy enters, carrying a folder, and stares in surprise.
text: Storm has shaved and cut his hair. She obviously approves.
text: She watches for several moments as Storm, weak but on his
text: feet, holds on to the kitchen counter. He steps out, in
text: wobbly balance. Not too good at first, he tries again.
text: This time he does better, but not by much. He turns to
text: look at Andy, conscious of her look of sympathy.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (re: himself)
dialog: That bad ... huh?
text: She silently hands him a set of newspaper photocopies.
text: He glances at them... at her ... and understands.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'll be in the other room.
text: Storm slowly seats himself and begins to read.
scene_heading: INSERT - NEWSPAPER PHOTOCOPIES
dialog: One headline:
scene_heading: OFFICER SLAIN IN ALLEGED SCANDAL
scene_heading: DRUG DEAL FALLOUT SUSPECTED
text: Second headline with photos of Storm, Felicia, Sonny:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 48.
scene_heading: POLICEMAN, FAMILY SLAUGHTERED
speaker_heading: CLOSE - STORM
text: Battling his sorry and grief.
scene_heading: LIVING ROOM AND KITCHEN - ANGLE - ANDY
text: She can see Storm in this moment of agony.
scene_heading: INT. TRENT'S OFFICE - DAY
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TV SCREEN - JACK ESPOSITO
dialog: A well-known L.A. anchorman, Jack Esposito "whom we
text: glimpsed earlier in the mini-TV in the Armstead kitchen
text: scene), delivers the news.
text: A graphic behind him has a photo of Storm, captioned:
dialog: "COMA COP. "
speaker_heading: ESPOSITO (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: -- This reporter was contacted
dialog: personally by the now-infamous 'Coma
dialog: Cop'... fugitive officer Mason Storm --
dialog: who until days ago had languished
text: in a seven-year coma.
speaker_heading: WIDEN SHOT
text: TO REVEAL Trent's office. Trent, Holland and several of
text: Trent's security aides glued to the tube.
speaker_heading: ESPOSITO (V.O.)
dialog: (from TV)
dialog: Storm gave me his word that he is
dialog: innocent of all charges preferred
dialog: against him in the press -- and
dialog: that he has access to indisputable
text: proof of this. Battling the atrophy
dialog: caused by seven years of
text: hospitalization, Storm is struggling
dialog: even now to regain the strength
dialog: that will enable him to come forward
dialog: with this evidence. He has promised
dialog: me and the K.A.B.C. audience a first
dialog: look at his alleged proof.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 49.
speaker_heading: TRENT
text: turns to his men and to Holland.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: (indicates
dialog: Esposito on TV)
dialog: I want 24-hour surveillance on this
dialog: sonofabitch.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTWOOD APARTMENT BUILDING - EVENING
text: A WOMAN in a nurse's uniform comes INTO VIEW on the
text: sidewalk, trots up the steps toward the second floor of
text: the apartment building.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DUNNE AND FORD
text: REVEALING that they are watching this from a parked car
text: from across the street. They get out, glance around
dialog: furtively --
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - EVENING
text: The nurse is Martha -- Andy's friend from the hospital.
text: She holds a cat in her arms.
speaker_heading: MARTHA (WOMAN)
dialog: (responds to
dialog: interrogation)
dialog: I told you -- Andy's out of town.
dialog: I just came by to pick up her cat.
speaker_heading: DUNNE
dialog: Where out of town is Andy?
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: Look, I've been questioned by you
dialog: cops half a dozen times since
dialog: Tuesday. I'm getting a little tired
dialog: of it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You need a warrant to walk in on
dialog: someone like this. Get the hell
dialog: out.
text: The cops don't budge. It's getting a little scary.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Then I'll get out.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 50.
text: Clutching the cat, she strides for the door. Ford's foot
text: slides the door shut. He and Dunne block Martha.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: We'll ask you again, Martha: Where
dialog: is Miss Simpson?
text: Martha backs away -- toward a telephone.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: I'm calling your superior officers
dialog: to report this. I want both your
dialog: names and shield numbers.
text: She picks up the phone. Dunne's enormous hand engulfs
text: her wrist, forces her to put the phone back in the cradle.
text: The two cops stare at her penetratingly.
dialog: Martha knows this is it -- life or death.
text: She hurls the cat into Ford's face; the CAT claws him,
text: SHRIEKING. Martha knees Dunne in the balls, bolts --
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT - WALKWAY - EVENING
text: Martha sprints from the door, toward the stairs, screaming.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Help? Help me!
text: Ford appears in the apartment doorway, his face scratched
text: and bleeding. He aims his silencer-mounted .45 --
scene_heading: ANGLE - TOP OF STAIRS - MARTHA
text: The front of her white uniform erupts in a bloody gush;
text: she plunges face-first down the flight of stairs.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BOTTOM OF STAIRS
text: Martha's crumpled form. Ford and Dunne hurry swiftly
text: down -- pick up her body, drag it a few feet to a
text: smackadjacent steep hillside covered with thick brush.
text: They peer around swiftly to be sure no one has seen them,
text: then slide the body under the brush, down the hill. In
text: three seconds it has slithered ten feet down, out of sight.
text: The killers take off.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 51.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Storm has found a zabutone meditation pillow and is sitting
text: on his knees in formal Japanese posture with black Dugi
text: pants and no shirt. He unravels a package with Oriental
text: characters handwritten on the outside.
text: In one section: what looks like an old wax Baggie full
text: of Chinese herbs. In the other, Storm unfolds a pouch
text: containing an assortment of needles: long, short, skinny,
dialog: fat.
text: Storm fingers the needles and finds a spot in his shoulder
text: with very bad scar tissue and quickly and coldly sticks
text: it in deep. He then twirls and adjusts it.
text: It is apparent that he knows what he's doing. We STAY
text: CLOSE ON the needles, noting the amount in the package
text: has greatly diminished.
text: PULL UP to reveal Storm, with at least 50 needles sticking
text: out of him.
text: He is now frozen deep in meditation. CAMERA CIRCLES AROUND
text: him 360 DEGREES -- he is like a Japanese statue.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
scene_heading: WITH SCORE.
scene_heading: A) INT. ARMSTEAD GYM - NIGHT
text: An impressive home facility with floor-to-ceiling mirrors,
text: Nautilus equipment, etc. Storm ignores the machines and
text: tentatively selects from an old set of weights, hefting
text: them to test his own strength, then begins a slow workout.
scene_heading: B) EXT. ARMSTEAD YARD - DAY
text: Storm performs a series of Eastern exercises: stick,
text: Aikido, and meditation. He's obviously pushing himself
text: beyond exhaustion; Andy watches, growing more and more
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: That's enough! I don't care how
dialog: many needles you stick in yourself
dialog: or how much ginseng root you eat
dialog: ... you have to sleep if you're
text: going to recover.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I slept for seven years?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 52.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: That's an order!
text: Storm, dripping sweat, glowers at her for a long beat,
text: then... relents. She snatches the stick from his hand,
text: hauls him toward the house.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Jesus -- what a patient!
scene_heading: C) EXT. FIRE ROAD - DAY
text: Storm tries to run up a dirt hill. He's still too weak --
text: struggles, sweating, straining with fierce determination.
scene_heading: D) INT. ARMSTEAD - GYM - NIGHT
text: Storm at the "sticking point" in a Scott-bench curl. His
text: biceps bulge, veins pop as he strains with all his
dialog: strength. He ... can't ... quite -- then: he Makes it!
text: Exhausted. Lets the bar crash metal-to-metal"' into its
dialog: cradle.
scene_heading: E) EXT. ARMSTEAD POOL - DAY
text: Storm swims, slowly gaining power.
scene_heading: F) EXT. WOODED CLEARING (ARMSTEAD'S) - DAY
text: Storm with two long pieces of cut oak. As Andy watches,
text: he lays them side-by-side on the ground and begins to dig
text: a deep narrow hole. He tests the hole for depth. When
text: it's deep enough, he places the boards down into the hole
text: and begins to fill it in, packing the earth tightly. He
text: goes to the top of the boards and around them wraps a
text: length of old hemp rope. Around and around. The boards
text: stand up about six feet high. Storm steps back, observes
text: the height, taps it lightly testing the recoil tension.
text: Now he begins to punch it, harder and harder. Over and
text: over again. Andy, preparing his lunch, can't keep her
text: eyes off him. She is awed by his fire and perseverance.
scene_heading: G) EXT. ARMSTEAD POOL - DAY
text: Andy and Storm churn up the water in a splashy race. She
text: wins but not by much. She smiles. He doesn't. She
text: splashes water on him, but he's not in a playful mood.
scene_heading: END MONTAGE. MUSIC DOWN --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 53.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Storm in frustration at the table.
text: Medical charts... a scribbled mess of medication dosages,
dialog: reading, etc
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: -- You can't compare blood pressure
dialog: readings now with when you were in
dialog: a coma. It's not going to give a
dialog: true measure --
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: What's this reading? 555 over four
dialog: digits --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: That's crazy --
text: She snatches the chart, stares at it.
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: It's Martha's chicken scratches.
dialog: Even she can't read 'em.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I'll tell you what it is. It's a
dialog: phone number.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - KITCHEN - LATER
text: Andy on the wall phone, Storm listening on an extension.
text: We hear the PHONE RINGING on the other end, then someone
text: picking it up.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY (V.O.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Redondo Beach Retirement Villa
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME - OLD LADY AT DESK
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (into phone) I'm. sorry ... maybe I
dialog: have the wrong number. I'm looking
dialog: for Kevin O'Malley.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: O'Malley? There's no O'Malley here.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 54.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: My name is Phyllis O'Connor. I'm
dialog: with the pension board of the Los
dialog: Angeles Police Department. We have
dialog: a misplaced check here for Captain
dialog: O'Malley ...
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: A check?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Well, listen... there's a big
dialog: turnover here, people are dying all
dialog: the time, I never know who's in
dialog: what bed. Can you leave me your
dialog: number?
text: Andy glances to Storm, he shakes his head: hang up. He
text: hangs up his receiver in disgust.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'm sorry, we're not allowed to do
dialog: that.
text: Andy hangs up. Thinking.
scene_heading: EXT. RETIREMENT HOME (REDONDO BEACH) - DAY
text: Andy gets out of her car in a sunny parking lot. She's
text: wearing dark glasses and a big floppy hat, so we can barely
text: see her face. She passes a sign: "REDONDO BEACH RETIREMENT
dialog: VILLA."
scene_heading: INT. RETIREMENT HOME - OFFICE - DAY
text: Andy sits across from the Old Lady from the phone call.
text: A plaque on the desk reads: "HENRIETTA WADE." Both she
text: and Andy look frustrated, irritated.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Mrs. Wade, I'll be honest with you --
dialog: I'm not from the police pension
dialog: board. My name is Andrea Simpson,
dialog: I'm a nurse from U.C.I. Medical
dialog: Center.
text: The Lady listens skeptically, revealing nothing. We see
text: that she is in a wheelchair.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: You probably have no connection to
dialog: this, and what I'm about to say
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 55.
speaker_heading: ANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: will sound completely absurd to
dialog: you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My patient is a police officer named
dialog: Mason Storm. He's in trouble and
dialog: needs desperately to contact his
dialog: friend, Captain O'Malley. If you
dialog: have any idea how to contact Captain
dialog: O'Malley, please help me.
speaker_heading: MRS. WADE (OLD LADY)
dialog: As I've said, Miss Simpson, I've
dialog: already asked everybody in the home.
dialog: There is no O'Malley here. But
dialog: it's possible O'Malley could be a
dialog: relative of somebody living here.
dialog: Sunday is family day. Why don't
dialog: you leave your phone number and
dialog: I'll contact you if I learn anything.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I can't do that.
text: Crestfallen. Andy gets up.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Can I phone you?
speaker_heading: MRS. WADE
dialog: (pleasant;
dialog: innocuous)
dialog: Of course, my dear.
speaker_heading: CLOSET
text: Andy opens the door, reaches in for her jacket. Suddenly
text: she pauses.
text: She sees on the closet shelf, amid other clothing:
text: policeman's cap with a gold shield.
text: Andy makes a decision -- finds a pad on a table, scrawls
text: a phone number. She holds out the paper.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: This is my number, Mrs. O'Malley.
text: The Old Lady never bats an eye.
speaker_heading: MRS. WADE
dialog: (correcting her)
dialog: You mean Mrs. Wade. O'Malley is
dialog: the person you're looking for.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 56.
text: Andy meets her gaze.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yes ... you're right. I'm sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED CLEARING - DAY
text: Storm again approaches the Makiwara.
text: This time it is almost as if no walls can contain him
text: nothing in his mind can represent a barrier. He has a
text: sense of total domination before he has begun.
text: He begins much harder and faster, continues driving his
text: fist deeper and faster and harder, until even those twelve
text: inches of solid oak are not enough for him.
text: With one lightning blow the OAK SPLINTERS and flies in
text: half. Storm walks away with a frightening calm -- stalks
text: straight inside toward the gym...
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD GYM - NIGHT
text: Storm has just finished a major aerobic workout and is
text: now doing some strange martial aerobic-type movements.
text: He is sweating profusely and is dressed in a tiny black
text: tank top and black sweat pants.
text: CAMERA PANS OVER TO a corner mirror and we see Andy peeking
text: through a crack in the door. She is enjoying this
text: immensely. She seems to be fighting her feelings, and
text: finally she puffs up her courage. Having made some
text: decision, she enters.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry ... I didn't mean to
dialog: interrupt. I, ah, well, I was just
dialog: passing by and ...
text: They stare at each other in quite a different way. This
text: time it's obvious what Andy wants, and Storm probably
dialog: wants the same thing. But he tries very hard to maintain
dialog: his "one objective" in life -- to get very strong and win
dialog: the upcoming battle.
dialog: He looks at this woman who now 'Looks more beautiful than
text: anyone he has ever seen. Storm throws down the light
text: weights in his hands and walks up to her.
text: He gently grabs the back of her head and pulls her hair
text: back and kisses her on the mouth. She seems to explode
text: with passion as she falls to the floor, pulling him on
text: top of her.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 57.
text: They roll in passion growing stronger and stronger. The
text: CAMERA PANS TO the mirror and we see Andy's feet moving
dialog: in delight.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GYM. - STORM - LATER
text: Alone, sitting up -- bare-chested, glistening with sweat
text: from the lovemaking. He glances across at his reflection
text: in the floor-to-ceiling mirror.
speaker_heading: MIRROR - STORM
text: Seeing himself, just after making love. His wedding ring.
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: appears in the doorway, returning from the kitchen with a
text: tray and glasses. She wears a robe and has that mussed,
text: after-lovemaking glow.
text: She takes one look at Storm and her heart sinks.
text: She crosses to him -- lowers herself gracefully to kneel
text: beside him, setting down the tray and glasses.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (dead)
dialog: Thanks.
text: She looks at him. She has a good idea what's tormenting
text: his mind. She reaches her hand, gently touches his
dialog: shoulder ...
text: Storm pulls back.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Please.
text: He gets up, backing slowly away from her -- seeing the
text: pain in her eyes, feeling his own pain. In frustration,
text: he slams an elbow punch into a piece of gym equipment --
text: furiously venting rage! Andy flinches at the sound, the
dialog: violence.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I'm sorry --
dialog: (wracked with
dialog: emotion)
dialog: Sorry. I --
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 58.
speaker_heading: STORM (CONT'D)
dialog: (another furious
dialog: punch)
dialog: Why am I still in this fucking cage?!
dialog: What's wrong with my body? Why
dialog: won't it heal faster?!!
text: He slams another furious punch. Andy gets up, tries to
dialog: approach Storm.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Mason, please
dialog: (wants to ease
dialog: his pain)
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Don't say that!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Why not?!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Because I can't love you! Don't
dialog: you see? It's seven years to anyone
dialog: else. But it's only days for me.
text: Andy draws a sharp, pained breath.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: How can I be with you ... how can
dialog: I want you and take you, when --
text: He can't finish, torn by guilt. He stares at Andy.
text: Suddenly his tone becomes harsh, accusatory.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You seduced me. You came in here,
dialog: looking that way, knowing just what
dialog: the hell you were doing --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (defiant)
dialog: Yeah, I knew. What of it? I wanted
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You have no right to want me!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Then who does?! I've risked my
dialog: life for you --
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Who asked you to? Not me!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 59.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: You haven't stopped me!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Then don't risk it! Don't do shit
dialog: for me! I don't need you!
text: For a second it look's like he's going to strike her.
text: Instead he kicks the tray and GLASSES -- which smashes
text: into the floor-to-ceiling MIRROR, SHATTERING like a bomb?
text: Andy glares at him, stalks for the door --
scene_heading: EXT. APUMSTEAD DRIVE - IRON GATE - NIGHT
text: Andy's CAR ROARS out the dirt drive past the iron gate.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD BEDRROM - NIGHT
text: Storm stalks in, slamming the door behind him -- crosses
text: in fury and despair to the desk. On the desktop: the
text: news photo of Felicia, Sonny and himself.
text: Storm stares at the photo in agony for a moment, then
text: rips the desk drawer open, rummages fiercely. He finds:
dialog: keys!
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Storm strides in, punches the garage door button; the
text: door starts to open. He grabs the corner of a dusty canvas
text: cover -- jerks it off an Army-style Jeep.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: The Jeep speeds out into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: The Jeep parked at the edge of a cemetery road.
speaker_heading: STORM
text: stands in the midst of the graveyard, staring at --
scene_heading: THREE TOMBSTONES
text: In the light from the road lamp, we read the names: FELICIA
scene_heading: STORM... MASON STORM ... JEREMY "SONNY" STORM.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 60.
scene_heading: EXT. ALL-NIGHT COFFEE SHOP - PHONE BOOTH - DAWN
text: Ethnic neighborhood, Dodger Stadium visible in b.g.
text: Andy looks exhausted, from a night of black coffee and
text: anxiety. Now: frustrated by a BUSY SIGNAL.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Pick up, Martha ... Pick up.
text: No luck. Andy hangs up.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAVEZ RAVINE STREET AND ALLEY - DAWN
text: Andy's car pulls past tiered hillside apartment units,
text: enters an alley behind a row of multi-family dwellings.
text: Andy at the wheel: cautious, peering around.
text: She parks in an out-of-sight spot, TURNS OFF the ENGINE.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - ANDY
text: The emotion of the parting with Mason catches up with
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Get a hold of yourself, Andy.
text: She wipes her eyes, cranks the mirror around, tries to
text: fix her face. She looks like hell.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (into mirror,
dialog: sarcastic)
dialog: You're really beautiful.
text: She puts on shades, pulls up the hood of her sweatshirt.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - ANDY
text: gets out... wary. She's barefoot, just in the jeans she
text: threw on before bolting from Armstead's.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-FAMILY DWELLING - DAWN
text: Andy pads quickly up to a weathered wooden door, knocks.
text: No answer. She rings the BELL.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 61.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Martha! Martha, it's me --
text: A NEIGHBOR sticks his head out next-door. A rough-looking
text: youth in a T-shirt, with his hair mussed up from bed.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: You looking for Martha Coe?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Yes... yes --
dialog: do you know if she's home?
text: The boy gets a funny look on his face.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: You haven't seen the news?
dialog: (beat)
text: She's dead. They shot her in the
dialog: back... over in Westwood.
text: Andy reacts in shock and horror.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: (staring at her)
dialog: You look like the woman's picture
dialog: on T.V... the one whose house they
dialog: shot her at --
text: Andy turns, flees into the alley.
scene_heading: ANGLE - ALLEY - ANDY'S CAR
text: pulls out swiftly into the street. It passes:
scene_heading: AT CURB - UNMARKED CAR - FORD
text: The killer lets Andy's car pass.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (into two-way
dialog: mike)
dialog: You called it right, Max. The bitch
dialog: showed. I'm on her ass right now --
dialog: (pulls out to
dialog: follow her)
dialog: Mount up, boys. Two to one she
dialog: leads us right to our boy Storm.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 62.
scene_heading: EXT. AMRSTEAD HOUSE - MORNING
text: Storm's Jeep enters the drive, pulls into the garage.
text: Storm SHUTS OFF the MOTOR. As he steps to the floor, a
text: man's silhouette MOVES INTO FRAME behind him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That's grand theft, auto.
text: Storm spins. For a second he is ready for anything.
text: Then his face softens --
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (with emotion)
dialog: O'Malley.
text: In the garage doorway stands the friend Storm feared was
dialog: dead.
scene_heading: STORM AND O'MALLEY
text: bear hug each other affectionately.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD KITCHEN - OPENING CLOSE ON SNAPSHOTS - DAY
text: of Sonny -- now aged 12 -- in a school environment,
text: athletic fields, etc. O'Malley is with Sonny in some of
text: the shots, beaming, arm around the boy.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY (O.S.)
dialog: -- It's Sonny, all right. Believe
dialog: how big he got? He can throw a
dialog: football forty yards --
text: PULL BACK to reveal -- Storm looks up at his friend, too
dialog: moved to speak.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: He made it to my house, the night
dialog: you got shot. I hid him, played it
text: out like he was dead -- even staged
text: a funeral, along with Felicia's and
dialog: yours. They bought it. Everyone
dialog: believed he was dead.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Where is he now? Is he safe?
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Trinity School in Ventura. Under
dialog: my mother's maiden name, Wade. No
dialog: one has any idea he's your son.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 63.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (trying to absorb
dialog: it all)
dialog: Then that was your mother. The one
dialog: Andy found.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Your nurse friend? Yeah. She left
dialog: your number, I traced you to here.
text: Storm gazes with great tenderness at the snapshots of
dialog: Sonny.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: O'Mal ... I can never thank you.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Just seeing your ugly ass alive,
dialog: that's enough for me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You wouldn't happen to have a beer
dialog: around this joint --
text: Storm indicates the fridge. O'Malley helps himself brings
dialog: one for Storm.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I'd give my left arm to see Sonny,
dialog: just for two minutes. But we can't
dialog: risk it -- not yet. Not till I get
dialog: Calabrese.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Calabrese? Calabrese's dead.
text: Storm reacts.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Someone blew the shit out of his
dialog: Cadillac -- six months after you
dialog: 'died.'
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (understands)
dialog: He did his thing -- then they waxed
dialog: him.
text: Storm's wheels are turning.
speaker_heading: STORM
text: The two guys at the pier. They
dialog: ordered the hit on me too.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I've got 'em on film. Still in
dialog: the camera, right where I left it.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 64.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Andy's car drives north, back to the Armstead house.
text: Ford in his car keeps a discreet distance back.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FORD'S CAR
text: as another car carrying three men (including Jones, the
dialog: cop we remember who answered Andy's phone call from the
text: coma ward) pulls up alongside. Ford points ahead, toward
text: Andy's car. The new car slips in behind Ford's, tailing
dialog: Andy.
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Coffee table piled with the news clippings Storm has been
dialog: studying these past days.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: -- That night in the hospital, I
dialog: found the audiotape ... in your
dialog: vest. I must've listened to it a
dialog: thousand times -- looking for little
text: quirks in the voices, phrases they
dialog: repeat ...
text: His look shows he came up with nothing.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Where is the tape?
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: I turned it in for evidence.
text: Storm scowls.
speaker_heading: 0'MALLEY
dialog: Don't worry, I made a duve. I'll
dialog: get it for you. Meanwhile maybe
dialog: this'll cheer you up.
text: From O'Malley's briefcase comes .45 automatic, three empty
text: clips and a box of Glazer ammo.
text: Storm takes the weapon with pleasure. Checks the action,
text: hefts it for weight. He glances at O'Malley -- two old
text: comrades, ready to get back in action. Suddenly a bit of
text: sadness crosses Storm's face.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: What happened, O'Mal? To you?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 65.
text: O'Malley begins loading the clips: grim, almost
text: heartbroken.
speaker_heading: 0'MALLEY
dialog: I was on the case, trying to find
dialog: who pulled the trigger on you. But
dialog: it was like swimming through shit.
dialog: People kept telling me to back off.
text: Then one morning, the phone rings.
dialog: Immaculate Heart Emergency: someone
dialog: ran my mother off the road, her
text: back's broken, she's paralyzed.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (painful, emotion)
dialog: I'm sorry, O'Mal.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: That night there's a note in my
dialog: locker -- letting me know it's not
dialog: an accident.
text: He looks at Storm, tormented.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: You know me, Storm. I never would've
dialog: backed off. But there was Sonny to
dialog: worry about too. What if they found
dialog: him? What if they found you?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You did the right thing, O'Mal.
text: Storm takes a loaded clip from his friend, slams it into
text: the butt of the .45. He jacks the slide back and lets it
text: slam home -- chambering a round.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: We'll get 'em, buddy. Every fucking
text: one of them.
scene_heading: EXT. ARMSTEAD DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: O'Malley in his car, in gear. Storm by the driver's door.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Get Sonny out of that school, O'Mal.
dialog: Right now. With me alive and making
dialog: a stink, whoever's on that film is
dialog: going to be looking harder than
dialog: ever for Sonny -- just to get to
dialog: me. Get him someplace safe ...
dialog: three thousand miles away if you
dialog: have to.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 66.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Consider it done.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I'm going straight to get that film.
dialog: When you've got Sonny safe, bring
dialog: me the audiotape. We'll put 'em
dialog: together and get 'em to Esposito
dialog: for the T.V. news. That should be
dialog: quite a show.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: You got it, partner.
dialog: (starts to back
dialog: out)
dialog: You can always reach me through my
dialog: mother.
dialog: (pauses, shifting
dialog: to forward)
dialog: What about that nurse? She still in
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Gone.
dialog: (with pain)
dialog: For the best. For her best.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Thanks for the brew!
text: He speeds off. Storm stands, thinking --
scene_heading: INT. ARMSTEAD BEDROOM - DAY
text: Storm enters, still deep in thought. Racking his brain --
scene_heading: SUBLIMINAL FLASH - EXT. DOCK - NIGHT (FOOTAGE FROM
scene_heading: PREVIOUSLY SHOT SCENE)
text: The two Shadow Men. Obscure... in darkness --
scene_heading: BACK TO ARMSTEAD BEDROOM - STORM
text: moving to the bed. The TV set edges INTO FRAME --
scene_heading: SUBLIMINAL FLASH - EXT. DOCK - NIGHT (FOOTAGE FROM
scene_heading: PREVIOUSLY SHOT SCENE)
text: The tall Shadow Man, starting to edge into the light.
dialog: Almost, but not ... quite --
scene_heading: BACK TO ARIMSTEAD BEDROOM - STORM
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 67.
text: sits on bed -- identical angle including TV to when he
text: half heard the TV ad for Trent's campaign.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (it all comes
dialog: together)
dialog: I'm gonna take you to the bank,
dialog: Senator Trent. The blood bank.
text: Storm's vengeance look. Suddenly O.S. -- a CAR!
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE - DAY
text: Storm poised inside the front door -- .45 in hand. In
dialog: walks ... Andy!
text: She nearly faints at the sight of the pistol leveled
text: between her eyes. Storm instantly jerks the weapon back.
text: They stand there staring at each other.
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: Martha's dead.
text: Storm takes Andy in his arms. She weeps, sobbing. Feeling
text: all the tension and terror of the past days -- yet somehow
text: knowing she's safe in the arms of this man she loves.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I won't leave you. Not ever again.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I won't let you.
text: Storm holds her, knowing he loves her.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: O'Malley was here.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Here? How did you find him?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You found him. The old lady was his
dialog: mother.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And Andy ... my son's alive.
text: Andy raises her face to Storm's, her eyes welling with
text: emotion. He kisses her. They are standing there, just
text: inside the front door, which has a wood bottom-half and a
text: frosted-glass top-half. Suddenly:
text: Storm jerks Andy sideways into the room with all his
text: strength! He dives with her as -
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 68.
text: The TOP of the FRONT DOOR EXPLODES inward in a SHOWER of
text: flying GLASS! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Three more point-blank
text: SHOTOGUN BLASTS BLOW the rest of the DOOR to hell.
scene_heading: ANGLE - HALLWAY
text: Storm hurls Andy so hard and fast it looks like she will
text: land in pieces. He somehow ends up in front of her on
text: the floor as a masked man plunges through the front door
text: into the hallway, shotgun spinning to cover his advance.
dialog: Too late.
text: We hear TWO LOUD ROUNDS and the masked man's head snaps
text: violently back and he falls into a pile.
scene_heading: EXT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE - DAY
text: Jones and Ford pull masks over their faces and sprint for
text: the other doors. Both carry assault rifles. An enormous
text: powerful third man (Joe Bear), his mask already in place,
text: vaults to low balcony, hauls himself up to a second story
text: window -- his huge Bowie knife glinting in the sun.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - STORM AND ANDY
text: hurry toward a staircase, their attention focused behind
text: them -- on the first floor.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - UPSTAIRS - INTERIOR BALCONY
text: Joe Bear waits concealed at the top of the stairs, on an
text: interior balcony overlooking the living room, atrium-style.
text: Through the mouth opening of his ski mask, we see he is
text: smiling a sick smile -- and sensually stroking his Bowie
dialog: knife.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TRACKING - STORM
text: Storm and Andy scramble up the staircase onto the atrium
text: balcony and out steps Joe Bear with his knife and his
dialog: smile.
text: Joe Bear, for the first time in his life, is surprised
text: when Storm smiles too. Joe Bear screams like an animal
text: and lunges with his knife.
text: Storm stabs out his left arm like a spear and tilts his
text: body ever so slightly, then clamps Joe Bear's wrist with
text: his right hand.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 69.
text: Allowing his tremendous momentum to culminate like a
text: hurricane, Storm manipulates him in a full circle,
text: catapulting Joe Bear unbelievably into a tall T'ang Dynasty
text: cabinet filled with priceless Oriental artifacts!
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Ford and Jones, masked, hurtle into the living room, just
text: below the atrium balcony. They raise their automatic
text: weapons, but before they can fire --
speaker_heading: STORM
text: hurls Joe Bear's massive body down upon the attackers!
text: Jones takes the tonnage head-on and is crushed beneath
text: it! Ford dodges, unleashes a burst of AUTOMATIC FIRE
text: straight up at the balcony. Storm shoves Andy to safety
text: onto the exterior balcony and dives there himself, just
text: as the whole interior balcony is RIDDLED by Ford's BULLETS!
text: Ford bolts for the staircase, coming after Storm. Storm,
text: crouched around the corner on the exterior balcony, waits
text: till Ford hurtles INTO VIEW at the top of the staircase.
text: Storm FIRES his .45 furiously ... Ford springs back,
text: Storm's BULLETS BLAST the staircase WALL to ribbons. His
dialog: .45 CLICKS empty!
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - STORM
text: rips a magazine from his pocket, slams it into the butt
text: of his .45, reloading. He has it half-raised when:
text: Ford appears -- right in his face, assault rifle leveled
text: at Storm's guts. Storm strikes an instantaneous blow,
text: sending the rifle flying. In one motion, he pinwheels
text: Ford over his head, sending him flying off the exterior
text: balcony and crashing down into the Oriental fountain below!
scene_heading: EXT. ARMSTEAD HOUSE - BALCONY AND FOUNTAIN
text: Storm swings down to the ground. Andy leaps into his
text: arms, he breaks her fall and helps her alight safely.
text: He reaches to Ford in the fountain, rips the mask off his
dialog: face.
text: He recognizes the man.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I know this fuck. He's a cop!
scene_heading: FRONT SIDE OF HOUSE - STORM AND ANDY
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 70.
text: race INTO VIEW, leap aboard the JEEP, FIRE it UP and fly.
scene_heading: TWO MORE MASKED MEN
text: appear running down the drive -- SHOTGUN and assault RIFLE
text: trained on Storm and Andy. They begin to FIRE.
text: Andy can't shoot and Storm can't drive and shoot at the
dialog: same time, so he does what is logical for him -- he keeps
text: the pedal to the metal and chases them.
text: BULLETS from the two men OBLITERATE the Jeep's WINDSHIELD.
text: BUCKSHOT RIDDLES the VEHICLE everywhere. Andy is on the
text: floor of the Jeep. Storm is periodically ducking. He is
dialog: bleeding we don't know from what or how bad -- and then
text: blam! -- masked man #1's body is airborne. This makes #2
dialog: think... and run very fast.
scene_heading: EXT. TEAHOUSE - DAY
text: He is sprinting the 100 in 5 flat -- racing for the tea
text: house. He makes it inside and dives for a good position
text: to resume firing, but there isn't enough time. Storm
text: just drives right through the front of the tea house and
text: over the assassin's body! The JEEP ROARS out of the
dialog: flattened tea house and keeps on hauling!
scene_heading: EXT. ARMSTEAD GROUNDS - JEEP
text: ROARS across the terrain... past the horses, ostriches,
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: JEEP'S POV
text: The heavy iron gate straight ahead.
speaker_heading: STORM
text: SLAMS THROUGH the metal GATE with JEEP BLASTING it.
speaker_heading: ONCOMING VEHICLE
text: Captain Holland! -- in the car as a passenger, with another
text: plainclothes cop. The flying gate sends glass in all
text: directions, as Storm swerves in his Jeep to avoid the
dialog: car.
text: Storm freaks, seeing Holland as Holland's car is forced
text: off the road. Storm SKIDS into a wild 180 --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 71.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (gun in hand,
dialog: heading back)
dialog: Holland! The other man on the dock --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Are you crazy?! Get us outa here --
text: Holland and the driver are out of their car, guns drawn.
text: Ford races up, reinforcing them. He has an assault rifle --
speaker_heading: STORM'S JEEP
text: swerves as BULLETS SMACK into it! Protecting Andy with
text: his body, he races off down the mountain road at high
dialog: speed.
scene_heading: INT. O'MALLEY'S CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: The unmistakable sound of a TIRE BLOWING OUT.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Shit!
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY ONE - DAY
text: O'Malley's car limps to the roadside, in view of a sign:
text: "VENTURA 21." O'Malley gets out in frustration --
scene_heading: EXT. TRINITY BOYS' PREP (VENTURA) - SOCCER FIELD - LONG
scene_heading: LENS - SONNY STORM - (SLOW MOTION) - DAY
text: Our first live look at Storm's son as a twelve-year-old.
text: Wearing colorful soccer duds and TRINITY PREP athletic
text: shirt. He looks terrific, like a young colt -- free and
text: fearless -- his shiny hair flying as lie runs down a soccer
text: ball in the pell-mell action of an eighth-grade game.
text: The feel of this SLOW MOTION portrait is diametrically
text: opposite to the corruption and duplicity in the world of
text: the movie so far. In contrast, Sonny's world seems pure
text: and unsullied -- youthful and untouched by the harsh
text: realities of the world. We watch Sonny and his teammates
text: long enough to absorb his vigorous,full-of-life energy.
dialog: Then:
scene_heading: BACK FOCUS TO:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 72.
scene_heading: MAX DUNNE AND NOLAN
text: Striding swiftly. Toward Sonny. Their dark plainclothes
text: suits in grim contrast to the colorful soccer uniforms --
speaker_heading: SONNY (SLOW MOTION)
text: He falls! The rush of soccer action sweeps past him,
text: down the field. Sonny -- all attention focused on the
text: game -- scrambles to his feet, legs churning to take off
text: in pursuit of his friends. Just as he gets his traction:
speaker_heading: MAX DUNNE (NORMAL SPEED)
text: Out of nowhere scoops Sonny up in his brawny, brutal arms!
text: Sonny cries out and tries to resist, but --
scene_heading: DOWNFIELD - SOCCER PLAYERS
text: They don't hear, lost in their own action and cheering.
text: BACK TO SONNY
text: Dunne and Nolan hustle him swiftly toward their car.
text: Already they're well away from the field, moving fast
scene_heading: DOWNFIELD SIDELINES
text: The soccer coach turns back. We see him shout, his arm
text: raised in a gesture of urgency --
scene_heading: DOWNFIELD - SOCCER PLAYERS
text: They turn back, too.
scene_heading: LONG ANGLE - SONNY, DUNNE AND NOLAN
text: Into Dunne's car. The car speeds off.
scene_heading: EXT. STORM'S OLD HOUSE - POV THROUGH JEEP WINDSHIELD -
speaker_heading: MOVING - DAY
text: As the house whips INT0 VIEW and the JEEP BRAKES HARD to
text: stop. This is the house from the film's opening -- the
text: one Storm, Felicia and Sonny lived in seven years ago.
text: It is undergoing a remodeling now. Carpenter's and
text: plasterers' trucks in the driveway --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 73.
scene_heading: INT. JEEP - ACROSS STREET - STORM AND ANDY
text: Storm yanks up the brake, full of urgency -- pulls out
text: his gun.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: What the hell are you doing?!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: We just made the top of the chart,
dialog: Andy. Every cop in the city thinks
dialog: we shot our way out of a legitimate
dialog: bust --
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: There are no cops here!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Only 'cause they're too stupid.
dialog: (cocks the slide,
dialog: ready to go)
dialog: We need that film and we don't need
dialog: any bullshit --
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - FRONT WALK - DAY
text: Andy making Storm put the gun away.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Goddamit ... for once, do something
dialog: the non-violent way!
text: Storm is reacting to the sight of his old home -- the
dialog: first time he's seen it since the slaughter seven years
text: ago. He struggles with his pain and rage.
text: Andy, aware of his turmoil, takes his hand. Her hair is
text: done up in a businesslike style; she wears a jacket and
text: carries a briefcase. They cross to the front door --
scene_heading: INT. STORM'S HOUSE - ENTRYWAY - DAY
text: A pleasant, chatty (and very pregnant) HOUSEWIFE speaks
text: through the open door to Storm and Andy. Sounds of
scene_heading: HAMMERING, ETC. in other rooms O.S.
speaker_heading: HOUSEWIFE
dialog: -- Gee, my husband and I aren't
dialog: really thinking about selling. In
dialog: fact, we're adding a nursery --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 74.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Oh, that's the best time for us to
dialog: see it! Then when you do come to
dialog: sell, our office will know the
dialog: upgrades you've made and we can
dialog: market your home more effectively.
text: Two plasterers troop past, a carpenter with them.
speaker_heading: HOUSEWIFE
dialog: Hell, come on in. Everyone else
dialog: does.
text: Storm and Andy enter. Andy immediately begins to steer
text: the Housewife away from the kitchen, into the living room.
dialog: "Oh what a cute place!
dialog: I'd love to see what you're doing with the nursery..."
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Storm casually lingers behind, drifting into the kitchen.
text: He crosses immediately to the alcove where, seven years
text: earlier, he stashed the camera case.
dialog: But the spot has been remodeled! There's a new wall there!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: New wall ... fucking yuppies!
text: Without hesitation, he slams his fist through --
speaker_heading: WALL
text: Bang! Gypsum wallboard splinters, revealing a fake panel
text: of brick adjacent to a real brick wall, six inches behind
text: the new wallboard. Storm reaches into the hole, yanks
text: out the camera case. He shakes his sore knuckles from
dialog: the blow as:
scene_heading: HOUSEWIFE AND ANDY
text: arrive from the living room. The Housewife stares in
text: shock at this strange man -- with his hand halfway through
dialog: her new wall.
speaker_heading: HOUSEWIFE
dialog: (very cool)
dialog: Just checking for termites He tucks
text: the camera case under his arm --
text: takes Andy by the elbow.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 75.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (to Housewife)
dialog: Better have this place fumigated --
dialog: quick.
text: He leads Andy out -- crisply, businesslike. Housewife
text: stands there dumbfounded.
scene_heading: ACROSS FROM CENTURY PLAZA HOTEL - PHONE BOOTH - DAY
text: Storm pauses in mid-conversation, drops the phone receiver
text: from his ear. Thinking fast, troubled. Andy beside him...
text: both of them keeping their faces obscured as moviegoers
text: and business people pass.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (to Andy)
dialog: O'Malley left his mother's place
dialog: three hours ago -- with the tape.
dialog: He should be at the school by now,
text: but she hasn't heard back from him.
text: Several people pass, glancing curiously at Storm. He
text: averts his face, getting even more antsy. The camera case
text: under his arm.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (re: people
dialog: staring)
dialog: Fuck the tape. We gotta get this
dialog: film to Esposito or I'm gonna have
text: a nervous breakdown.
text: Storm knows this, too -- puts the receiver back to his
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mrs. O'Malley. Sorry ... listen.
dialog: We're outside the Century Plaza now
dialog: ... the hotel. Right, right. The
dialog: one in Century City. Okay, listen
dialog: closely ...
dialog: (makes this
dialog: very clear)
dialog: Tell O'Mal to leave a message for
dialog: us at the hotel desk. Leave it for
dialog: Andy ... Andrea Smith. We're not
dialog: gonna check in, it's too dangerous --
dialog: but the desk will hold the message
dialog: if you tell them we're coming in
dialog: this afternoon. Got it? Great.
dialog: You're a champ, Mrs. '0.'
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 76.
text: Storm hangs up, peering around uneasily -- takes Andy by
dialog: the elbow...
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You're gonna call Esposito. But
dialog: not from this phone.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - PLAZA
text: Storm and Andy hurry off.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: WITH SCORE. Tension, urgency increasing --
scene_heading: A) INT. REDONDO BEACH RETIREMENT - VILLA - OFFICE -DAY
text: Mrs. O'Malley hangs up her phone, finishes scribbling the
text: notes she took from Storm. CAMERA MOVES IN ON the office
text: window. THROUGH the window, outside DOWN the block, we
dialog: see ... a nondescript sedan --
scene_heading: B) EXT. STREET OUTSIDE RETIREMENT VILLA - SEDAN - DAY
text: Two men inside. One wears earphones. He takes them off --
text: shoots a look of satisfaction to the other man.
scene_heading: C) EXT. TRINITY PREP (VENTURA) - MAIN BUILDING - DAY
text: O'Malley hurrying from his car in the lot toward the
text: school's main administration building.
scene_heading: D) ANGLE - ADMINISTRATION BUILDING
text: A priest and the soccer coach hurry from the building,
text: toward O'Malley.
text: We see the three men confer urgently. O'Malley reacts
text: with extreme alarm. He hurries, with the two others,
dialog: into the building --
scene_heading: E) INT. JEEP - MOVING - ANGLE ON STORM - DAY
text: Scowling, as a car passes and its occupants seem to stare
text: at the Jeep.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 77.
scene_heading: F) EXT. SILVER LAKE STREET - DAY
text: Storm's JEEP BRAKES HARD at a stoplight, next to four bad-
text: looking LATINO YOUTHS in a ragged Camaro. The dudes check
text: Andy out lasciviously.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Hey, hermano! You want this Jeep?
text: He pulls the keys from the ignition, holds them up.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #1
dialog: How hot is it?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Fuckin' smoking.
text: The youths look to each other. Then to the piece of shit
text: they're driving. In their heads, they've already got the
dialog: Jeep stripped, repainted, etc.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #1
dialog: We got it, my man.
text: In ten seconds, everyone has switched cars -- BOTH VEHICLES
text: ROAR OFF in different directions.
scene_heading: MONTAGE ENDS, MUSIC DOWN --
scene_heading: EXT. L.A. ZOO - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Storm's Camaro parked discreetly. Storm gets out -- wary,
text: camera case on a strap from his shoulder. Kids and moms,
text: other zoo-goers coming and going.
scene_heading: ANGLE - CAMARO - STORM AND ANDY
text: Andy moves uneasily behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (checking watch,
dialog: nervous)
dialog: Esposito won't be here yet. He said
dialog: three-thirty.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: He'll be there.
text: Storm adjusts his jacket to conceal his .45. Peering
text: around. He passes the camera case back in to Andy.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 78.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Try O'Malley one more time.
dialog: (ready to go)
dialog: If you hear any lions roaring, haul
dialog: ass.
text: Andy looks at him with fearful concern.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Don't worry. I'm a big boy.
text: A grin. A touch --
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO - ATMOSPHERE SHOTS - DAY
text: A lion. Elephants. Kids chomping candy apples. Etc.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO PATH - STORM
text: moving through the scene. Tense, but casual ... blending
dialog: in.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER ZOO WALKWAY - STO'RIM
text: So far so good. Zoo goers more interested in chimps and
text: boa constrictors.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAZA OUTSIDE GORILLA COMPOUND - ESPOSITO
dialog: The TV reporter we remember from earlier in the film, the
text: one Storm is now going to meet. He stands nervously
text: outside, smoking. We hear one of the great APES BELLOW -
scene_heading: ANGLE - GORILLA COMPOUND - STORM
text: enters the plaza. He spots Esposito. Starts forward.
text: Suddenly Storm slows --
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON ESPOSITO
text: as Max Dunne moves INTO FRAME seizing Esposito -- subtly,
text: not drawing any attention. Another man in a suit
text: reinforces Dunne from the other side. Esposito shows
text: terror, but no surprise. Clearly the men have had the
text: drop on him for several minutes -- but there was nothing
text: he could do about it. Dunne's posture indicates he has a
text: concealed gun pressed to Esposito's ribs.
text: Dunne and Storm make eye contact. The message is clear:
dialog: Try anything and Esposito dies.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 79.
text: As Dunne and the other man hustle Esposito from the plaza --
scene_heading: ANOTHER SECURITY-TYPE IN SUIT
text: moves into Storm's peripheral vision. Coat over his arm,
text: concealing a short-barreled automatic weapon.
scene_heading: SECURITY-TYPE
dialog: Someone wants to talk to you, Storm.
text: The man gestures with his coat arm. Storm's eyes follow
dialog: to:
scene_heading: STORM'S POV - PARK BENCH - TRENT
text: The Senator himself. Big, as life and cool as a cucumber.
text: Alone and unrecognized on a bench, shelling and munching
text: from a bag of peanuts. Behind him: a caged vulture.
scene_heading: ANGLE - PARK BENCH
text: as Storm MOVES INTO FRAME. He stops, standing above Trent.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: What a day, huh? Beautiful!
text: (squints up at
dialog: Storm, offers
dialog: bag of nuts)
dialog: Want some nuts?
text: Storm makes no move.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I haven't got the film on me.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: (breezily)
dialog: I didn't think you would.
dialog: (clears space
dialog: beside him)
dialog: Sit down. Take a load off.
text: Storm glances to the coat-over-the-arm-man, who has taken
text: up a subtle position about twenty feet away.
text: After a beat ... Storm sits.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: You do have the film somewhere, I
dialog: assume?
text: Storm's hard look says yes.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 80.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: Developed yet?
speaker_heading: STORM
text: Still in the camera.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: Good. Very good. That way I know
dialog: you haven't duplicated it.
text: Storm inches slightly closer.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You know, Trent ... I could rip
dialog: your fucking throat out before that
dialog: sonofabitch over there could find
text: the spit to sneeze.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: Oh, I'm sure you could, Storm.
dialog: (keeps munching
dialog: peanuts)
dialog: But not before one of those other
dialog: gentlemen, across the way, could
text: put a fifty-caliber slug through
dialog: your brainpan.
scene_heading: ANGLE - NEARBY ROOFTOP - TWO SNIPERS
text: Nicely concealed atop one of the zoo buildings -- their
text: guns zeroed on Storm's skull.
scene_heading: BACK TO BENCH - STORM AND TRENT
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Very well placed, Trent. But did
dialog: you know that human reaction time --
dialog: even the fastest -- is between half
dialog: and three-quarters of second? And
dialog: in that time, I could easily --
text: Like lightning, Storm lunges for Trent... whips behind
text: him, seizing his throat and hauling Trent's body into the
dialog: line of fire -- as a shield protecting Storm!
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: You could kill me now, Storm -- but
dialog: you'll die two seconds later.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You think I care, motherfucker?
dialog: Just so I get you -- one way or the
dialog: other.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 81.
text: Then, a voice from O.S.
speaker_heading: DUNNE (O.S.)
dialog: Maybe you care about this, asshole.
speaker_heading: MAX DUNNE
text: Twenty feet away -- both hands up -- holding a bay's
text: athletic shirt... "TRINITY VENTURA."
speaker_heading: STORM AND TRENT
text: Storm: stunned.
speaker_heading: TRENT
text: Reach into my jacket pocket.
dialog: (when Storm
dialog: hesitates)
dialog: Reach in!
text: Storm pulls out a Polaroid snapshot. Stares at it.
scene_heading: INSERT - POLAROID SNAPSHOT
text: It's Sonny, looking terrified, in some murky environment --
text: Dunne and another man (Nolan) smiling with their arms
text: around the boy.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Storm releases Trent. The Senator straightens his tie
dialog: and jacket.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: I want that film and the tape.
dialog: I'll give you three hours.
text: Storm stands. Dunne facing him. The snipers behind him.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (to Trent)
dialog: Just tell me one thing. Who pulled
dialog: the trigger on me and my wife?
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: (sadistic irony)
dialog: Hate poisons people. Let go of it.
text: Storm glares at Trent. Dunne takes a step forward.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 82.
speaker_heading: DUNNE
dialog: (to Storm)
dialog: I missed your kid seven years ago.
dialog: But I won't miss tonight.
text: Storm glowers with fury. Trent hands Storm a business
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: Bring that film, Mr. Storm. Three
dialog: hours.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYA VISTA POWER PLANT - NIGHT
text: Towering smokestacks silhouetted against black sky. Deep
scene_heading: RUMBLE of DYNAMOS, TURBINES --
scene_heading: INT. POWER PLANT - EQUIPMENT ROOM - NIGHT
text: A mesh-enclosed space above the main dynamo room.
text: Deafening DIN of TURBINE GENERATORS below. A bulb
text: illuminates Sonny sitting rigidly on a metal chair. Nolan,
dialog: a cop we saw earlier in the film, and TURNER (whom we
dialog: haven't seen before) play cards, making sure Sonny goes
dialog: nowhere.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (re: power plant)
dialog: It's fun, huh, kid? Kinda like a
dialog: field trip.
text: Sonny glowers. There's a lot of his father in him.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I'm remembering both of you. And
dialog: when my dad gets here --
speaker_heading: TURNER
dialog: He's gonna have a long trip, kid --
text: starting from Forest Lawn.
text: They both laugh derisively.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: By the time this night's over, your
dialog: old man'll have a use for that phony
dialog: grave of his.
text: A wall-mounted PHONE RINGS. Nolan picks it up. He listens
text: seriously for a long beat.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Yeah... yeah -- we'll be right down.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 83.
text: He hangs up, stands. So does Turner. They exit the wire-
text: mesh space, re-close the door on Sonny.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (to Sonny)
dialog: We'll come back with your French
text: fries.
dialog: (padlocks the
dialog: door)
dialog: Don't leave home without us.
scene_heading: ANGLE - STAIRWAY DOWN FROM EQUIPMENT ROOM
text: Nolan and Turner clump down and away, laughing and making
text: wisecracks.
scene_heading: INT. EQUIPMENT ROOM - SONNY
text: He waits till they're out of sight, then swiftly mounts a
text: tall equipment box that reaches almost to the ceiling.
text: He shoves a few boxes out of his way, revealing --
speaker_heading: WIRE MESH HATCH
text: in the mesh ceiling of the room. Sonny flops onto his
text: back atop the tall equipment box, kicks up hard -- the
dialog: hatch pops open!
scene_heading: ANGLE - ROOF OF EQUIPMENT ROOM - SONNY
text: climbs out onto the "roof" of the room. He sees a short
text: catwalk leading to the huge, high wall of the dynamo room.
text: Against the wall are big windows.
text: Sonny scoots to the windows, which are cracked open awning
text: style. He peers out and down.
speaker_heading: SONNY'S POV
text: A 30-foot drop to the pavement below.
scene_heading: EXT. POWER PLANT - NIGHT
text: Sonny shins down a pipe as niftily as a spider monkey!
scene_heading: EXT. POWER PLANT - LOT - NIGHT
text: Sonny scampers across the darkened lot, heading for the
text: traffic and headlights on the PCH.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 84.
scene_heading: EXT. REDONDO BEACH RETIREMENT VILLA - NIGHT
text: A cab pulls into the curb outside Mrs. O'Malley's place,
text: Sonny springs out. We see the cabbie shouting after him --
text: and Sonny arguing, gesturing toward the nursing home.
text: Mrs. O'Malley emerges from the nursing home wheelchair.
text: Sonny rushes to her ... they embrace joyfully.
text: O'Malley comes out too, more cautiously than his mother.
text: He is armed. He also hurries to Sonny, hugs him tight.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Malley!
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: It's okay, sport. It's okay...
dialog: it's okay --
text: Still hugging Sonny, O'Malley shoves a bill at the cabbie.
text: Whatever it is, the cabbie is thrilled. He boogies off
text: ecstatically.
scene_heading: INT. CAMARO - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Storm wheels the car at high speed -- super-intense,
text: clutching a tiny chain-link "low-rider" steering wheel.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Is that a steering wheel -- or a
dialog: Winchell's donut?
text: Storm has no time for humor -- he twists the wheel,
text: flooring the accelerator.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The Camaro ROARS through a hairy turn.
scene_heading: EXT. REDONDO RETIREMENT VILLA - OFFICE WINDOW - NIGHT
text: Through the window we see O'Malley on the phone, speaking
text: urgently. He finishes, hangs up -
scene_heading: ANGLE - FRONT DOOR OF NURSING HOME
text: O'Malley emerges with Sonny, carrying a travel bag. The
text: boy and O'Malley quickly hug Mrs. O'Malley, then stride
text: swiftly out toward O'Malley's car.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 85.
scene_heading: UP BLOCK FROM NURSING HOME - SEDAN
text: The car with the two surveillance men we saw before, waits,
text: hidden in shadow. The men watch --
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY'S CAR
text: with Sonny aboard, pulls out.
speaker_heading: SEDAN
text: pulls out after it.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTURY PLAZA HOTEL - ENTRYWAY - NIGHT
text: Two unmarked sedans whip in and stop ... doors open...
text: out come Ford, Jones and two plainclothesmen. They give
text: curt instructions to the valets and hurry inside --
scene_heading: INT. CENTURY PLAZA - LOBBY - NIGHT
text: The men fan out nonchalantly. Jones approaches the --
speaker_heading: MESSAGE DESK
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: (displays badge
dialog: and warrant)
dialog: I need to check any messages for a
dialog: Miss Andrea Smith.
text: The DESK CLERK quickly scans the message slots.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: I'm sorry. I see no slot for that
dialog: name --
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: She hasn't checked in yet. But
dialog: she's due here. Someone might have
text: left a message for her.
text: The Clerk finds the slot.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Here it is. There's just one message.
text: Jones takes the message slip. Ford and one of the
text: plainclothesmen join him -- the three move aside, confer
text: briefly. Ford and the cop move off. Jones crosses back
text: to the Desk Clerk, hands the message slip back to him.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 86.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You can put this back now.
dialog: (significantly)
dialog: You never saw me.
dialog: (indicates other
dialog: cops)
dialog: You never saw these guys.
text: The Clerk nervously replaces the message slip.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CENTURY PLAZA HOTEL - LOBBY - NIGHT
scene_heading: OPENING ON: FORD
text: in a subtle position near the lobby entrance.
speaker_heading: JONES
text: half-hidden at a corner of the cocktail pit..
scene_heading: TWO PLAINCLOTHESMEN
text: dispersed at angles across from the message desk.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTURY PLAZA - ENTRY DRIVE - NIGHT
text: Storm's Camaro pulls and parks. Storm and Andy, very
text: wary, step out.
scene_heading: INT. CENTURY PLAZA - LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Andy enters first, Storm half a step behind her like a
text: bodyguard. His eyes move everywhere --
speaker_heading: FORD
text: slips back out of sight.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: does the same.
scene_heading: MESSAGE DESK AND ALCOVE
text: Storm drops away from Andy, about ten feet from the desk,
text: slips subtly toward an alcove.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 87.
text: Andy crosses to the desk -- we see her speak to the Clerk
text: and the Clerk hands her the message slip. She scans it
text: hastily, excited by what she reads -- moves quickly back
dialog: to Storm.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Sonny got away! He's with O'Malley!
dialog: O'Malley's gat the tape -- they're
text: heading for Union Station.
text: Storm:. ecstatic. He grabs Andy, ready to exit. Suddenly,
dialog: he freezes --
speaker_heading: STORM'S POV
dialog: He spots Ford!
speaker_heading: STORM
text: his eyes flash across the lobby. He spots:
speaker_heading: JONES
speaker_heading: STORM
text: shields Andy. Plainclothesman #1 steps out, whipping out
text: his badge. Suddenly Storm grabs the cop with the badge
text: in front of his face and uses him as a human battering
text: ram for him and Andy to escape, plunging the man through
text: two layers of glass windows of the adjoining Hertz rental
text: office and out into the street in front of the hotel!
text: Andy follows through the newly formed exit. People scream.
text: Chaos. The other cops react in pursuit of Storm and Andy.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTURY PLAZA HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Storm dumps his "battering ram body" and he and Andy sprint
text: toward the valet booth at the main entrance of the hotel,
text: where numerous cars are coining and going.
speaker_heading: VALET AREA
text: The valet is a big fat man in a red Beefeater costume.
text: He is presently handing keys to a large "good old boy" --
text: boots, ten-gallon hat and all. Tex is just laying a bill
text: in the Beefeater's hand, and starting to stuff his too-
text: large frame into a sleek Gullwing speedster with its doors
text: popped up. Before he can, we see him take a flying seat
text: on the road as Storm and Andy shove in and --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 88.
scene_heading: AVENUE OF THE STARS
text: Instantly the Gullwing is in flight -- SCREECHING away
text: from the hotel entrance, across the median and the
text: decorative fountain that separates the Avenue of the Stars.
text: But almost equally as fast, two cop cars start to close
text: in on him. It looks like Storm is trapped! But he slams
text: the pedal to the metal and blasts between them, escaping.
text: As the two cop cars crash into each other --
speaker_heading: FORD AND JONES
text: on foot, catch up to the scene. Too late.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Get the goddam cars!
text: They run off. A crowd of theatergoers stare in
text: bewilderment at the scene of chaos.
scene_heading: EXT. AVENUE OF THE STARS - NIGHT
text: The Gullwing thunders off into the night.
scene_heading: INT. UNION STATION - NIGHT
text: 0'Malley scans the monitor above the ticket seller's
text: window. The 11:10 to Albuquerque leaves on track 12.
text: The waiting area is quiet at this time of night except
text: for a few travelers and stragglers.
text: Sonny Storm, quiet and apprehensive, focuses on tearing
text: open the packet of mustard for his hot dog. He sits on
text: top of a battered suitcase.
text: O'Malley returns with the tickets and sits next to Sonny
text: on a bench.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Be careful you don't get any of
dialog: that guck on your sweater ... let
dialog: me comb your hair before your old
dialog: man gets here, it's stinking up in
dialog: the back.
text: O'Malley takes a comb out of his jacket pocket.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Quit it, will you ... you're making
dialog: me more nervous than I am already.
dialog: My father's going to be more
dialog: interested in seeing the real me.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 89.
text: Nevertheless O'Malley tries to comb Sonny's hair. Sonny
text: pushes the comb aside.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: I think I'm more nervous than you
dialog: are, kid. We got out of my mother'
dialog: place about two shakes ahead of the
dialog: landlord ... know what I mean?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: My dad'll get 'em. You guys'll
dialog: nail them all.
dialog: (beat,
dialog: thoughtful;
dialog: then)
dialog: You think he's gonna like me?
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Does a bear dump in the woods? Are
dialog: you kidding -- he's gonna love you.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Let me see the tickets. Did you
dialog: get us one of those sleeping cars?
dialog: What time is he getting here anyway?
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Soon...
text: Just then, O'Malley becomes aware of a bad vibe in the
text: air. A foreign presence. Nolan, and Turner have followed
text: him and Sonny from Mrs. O'Malley's house. Now they
dialog: approach --
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Hey, O'Malley! Long time no see.
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: Taking a trip somewhere?
text: O'Malley slip the tape from his pocket, placing it under
text: Sonny's Jacket on the bench without missing a beat, as he
text: calmly starts to rise.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: (to Sonny, under
dialog: his breath)
dialog: Make sure your father gets this ...
dialog: (to Nolan)
dialog: Yeah. Me and my son are visiting
dialog: my mother in New Mexico.
text: O'Malley gets up, starts to move toward the men.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 90.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Your son, huh? That's funny. He
dialog: doesn't look much like you --
dialog: (to his partner)
dialog: Does he, Turner?
text: They both laugh.
speaker_heading: TURNER
dialog: Looks a lot like Mason Storm.
text: O'Malley and the men come to face-off point, staring at
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Enough of this fucking around. We
dialog: want the tape.
text: CLUNK! O.S. we hear a CLATTERING ECHO.
text: Sonny has picked up his jacket. The tape has fallen onto
dialog: the marble floor!
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: Sonny -- run!
text: Sonny snatches up the tape and leaps over the bench, racing
text: toward the rear doorway heading for the street.
text: Nolan and Turner start to run after him. O'Malley throws
text: a fierce body block on both men, sending all three crashing
text: into a big, loaded luggage cart. O'Malley finds his feet
text: first as all three struggle to get up. Nolan starts to
text: pull his gun. O'Malley grabs a heavy metallic suitcase
text: and smashes Nolan in the face with all his strength.
text: Nolan crashes backward against Turner, toppling them both
text: into a huge 25-foot lighting installer's ladder -- which
text: now starts -- to cave over, pulling a string of dozens of
text: big industrial GLOBES plummeting to the floor and EXPLODING
text: into thousands of tiny shards! People scream. O'Malley
text: shoves the luggage cart at the men and races for the door --
scene_heading: EXT. UNION STATION - NIGHT
text: Sonny has made his way into the parking area, amidst dozens
text: of cars, but he has stopped -- looking back fearfully,
text: worried about O'Malley. O'Malley bursts from the exit.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Go! Sonny -- get outta here!
text: In front of the station, a cab is jacked up; the driver
text: replacing a flat. O'Malley starts to run toward Sonny
text: past the cab, when suddenly:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 91.
text: He is SHOT in the back by Nolan! His lurching bulk crashes
text: into cab, knocking it off its jack to the ground. The
text: tire iron (that's used as a jack handle) springs loose,
text: onto the ground near O'Malley.
text: Seeing the gunmen, Sonny in horror crawls under a car.
text: The cab driver flees for his life. O'Malley spins back,
text: draws and tries to fire at the oncoming Nolan and Turner --
text: but he is SHOT TWICE in the stomach. Turner kicks O'Malley
text: in the hand, sending the gun flying off under the cab!
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Get the kid! He's under the cars!
text: Nolan and Turner sprint off after Sonny. Sonny rolls
dialog: from under one to another.
text: Nolan and Turner try to trap him, peering under the cars --
text: but Sonny is too agile and cat-like. Turner crouches down,
dialog: spots Sonny.
speaker_heading: TURNER
dialog: Give us the tape, kid -- and we'll
dialog: take you home.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Fuck you, Jack!
text: Turner aims his gun. Suddenly:
text: His head turns to squash as: a bloody O'Malley stands
text: over him, bashing him with a tire iron!
text: A crowd of bystanders scream in horror at this horrendous
dialog: sight.
scene_heading: EXT. ALAMEDA STREET - NIGHT
text: A block from Union Station, the GULLWING SCREECHES into
dialog: view.
scene_heading: EXT. UNION STATION - PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Nolan comes around the end of the car, sees O'Malley --
text: standing over the dead Turner with a tire iron in his
text: hand. It is clear O'Malley is about to die. But still
text: he staggers toward Nolan, raising the tire iron.
text: Nolan, gun in hand, watches incredulously. O'Malley
text: staggers another step. Sonny has crawled out from under
text: the car; he sees this. O'Malley staggers another step.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 92.
speaker_heading: O'MALLEY
dialog: (to Nolan, dying)
dialog: You don't deserve to wear your badge.
text: with his last failing strength,
text: O'Malley raises the tire iron.
text: Nolan PUMPS him once, square in the
text: chest, killing him.
text: Sonny screams and flees in fear for his life. Nolan races
text: after him. Between the maze of parked cars. Sonny,
text: dodging, in between the endless rows.
text: Meanwhile a small crowd has gathered around the mortally
text: wounded O'Malley.
text: Suddenly, O.S. we hear the SCREECHING of TIRES. The crowd
text: reacts as the Gullwing blasts into the lot, ROARING
text: straight toward Nolan and the terrorized Sonny. Finally,
text: unable to get any closer, Storm leaps out of the Gullwing,
text: onto the hood of a car and races across the rooftops of
text: one vehicle after another, closing in on Nolan and Sonny.
text: Andy stops in horror beside the deathly stricken O'Malley.
speaker_heading: ON SONNY
text: unaware of Storm -- trying to escape from his pursuer.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
text: cursing and unable to gain ground on the fleet-footed --
text: now actually raising his gun. Suddenly:
speaker_heading: STORM
text: from the roof of the next-to-last car roof in a line of
text: parked vehicles soars through the air like a night eagle-
text: setting what looks like a new world record in the long
text: jump -- surprising Nolan from the rear! Slamming the cop
text: to the ground in instant death. Cracking his neck.
speaker_heading: SONNY
text: stops. Gasping, breathless -- seeing the father he hasn't
dialog: seen in seven years.
speaker_heading: STORM
text: relieved and overwhelmed, grabs his son and lifts him off
text: the ground in a moment of salvation and triumph. They
text: hold each other with all their strength.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 93.
text: However their moment is incomplete, as Sonny is visibly
text: distraught about the stricken O'Malley, beginning to sob
text: at the loss of his surrogate father. Storm turns and
text: starts to move toward --
scene_heading: O'MALLEY - ON GROUND
text: Andy ... the crowd around O'Malley. Sonny breaks through,
text: with Storm half a pace behind. Sonny kneels, embracing
text: his fallen friend. Storm joins his son, kneels alongside
text: him, both mourning the loss of their dearest comrade.
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: watching them. Touched deeply. Then: O.S. SIRENS!
scene_heading: EXT. ALAMEDA STREET - NIGHT
text: Two police CARS ROAR into view, racing for the station.
dialog: BACK TO PARKING LOT
text: Storm jumps up -- turns Sonny over to Andy, hurrying them
text: into a nearby cab. The cab takes off.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - MOVING
text: Andy and Sonny topple into the back seat. The DRIVER
text: picks up on all the frenzy.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: That's a good question. Out of
dialog: here for sure.
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: turns with Sonny to see Storm, through the back window of
text: the cab, looking after them protective -- full of emotion.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (to Andy)
dialog: Where are we going? Who are you?
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: thinks for a moment.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 94.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: It's a long story. You got a few
dialog: minutes?
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - STORM
text: leaps aboard the Gullwing, ROARS out of the lot --
speaker_heading: THUNDERSTORM - NIGHT (STOCK)
text: Forked lightning blazes above Los Angeles, THUNDER BOOMS --
speaker_heading: STAND OF PALMS
text: illuminated by lightning
text: ... RAIN sheeting past... WIND RIPPING the fronds in a
scene_heading: RATTLING MAELSTROM --
scene_heading: EXT. TRENT MANSION - RAIN - NIGHT
text: No sentries, no dogs. Only a high gate and fence
text: surrounding the fort-like mansion.
speaker_heading: STORM
text: swiftly sliding through the shadows, he moves around the
text: perimeter, pausing to examine things, searching for
text: something. He finds an old storm gate to what would
dialog: probably be a cellar or basement.
scene_heading: INT. TRENT MANSION - SPORTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: RAIN LOUD outside. Holland, Dunne, Ford and Jones. Half-
text: tanked, shooting pool to pass the time and cool their raw
text: nerves. No one armed.
speaker_heading: DUNNE
dialog: (angry, defending
dialog: himself)
dialog: What do we have to do, Holland drive
dialog: a fucking stake through his heart?
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I'll settle for a bullet.
text: Holland and Dunne exchange furious glares.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 95.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: You had him point-blank seven years
dialog: ago, and he's still walking!
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: He won't be for long. Not with his
dialog: picture on every T.V. in --
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Fuck his picture! Get off your
dialog: asses --
dialog: (waves them to
dialog: get out of
dialog: here)
dialog: Start earning your money!
text: Holland grabs his shoulder holster off the back of a chair,
text: stalks angrily toward a rear door.
text: The others glower as Holland pounds off into the rear of
text: the house. Dunne slings a cue ball the length of the
text: table, breaking the rack with a crack like a pistol shot.
text: The balls ricochet into each other and the cushions in a
text: futile expression of rage and frustration. Suddenly:
speaker_heading: STORM
text: Out of nowhere appears at the door opposite the one Holland
text: just left by. He is dripping from the rain and has a .45
text: pointed at them with one hand, while with the other he
text: holds a finger to his lips as if to say, "Shhh, don't
dialog: wake the baby."
scene_heading: DUNNE, FORD AND JONES
dialog: don't know whether to shit or go blind.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: How's the action, boys? Mind if I
dialog: play?
text: Glances from the men toward the couch at the rear of the
text: room, on which rest their jackets and shoulder holsters.
text: Storm: totally aware of every aspect of the situation.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I know what you guys are thinking.
dialog: You're thinking I couldn't play
dialog: with this gun in my hand. Right?
text: Pause as the men stand in extreme anticipation. Then:
text: Storm holsters his gun.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 96.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Well? Somebody hand me a cue.
text: There is a brief moment of hesitation and a look of
text: disbelief between the boys and then, BOOM! Ford tries to
text: hand Storm a pool cue as if Storm's head is a baseball
text: and the cue is a bat. This doesn't work very well, as
text: Storm enters and simultaneously grabs Ford's cue, using
text: his momentum to slam his head down onto the edge of the
text: pool table. We hear Ford's SKULL CRACK and he goes down.
text: Almost instantly another pool cue in Jones's hands slashes
text: toward Storm's head. This time Storm has his own tool --
text: and takes his cue to intercept the one about to connect
text: with his head.
text: He again uses the power of the attacker's momentum and as
text: soon as his cue goes down, so does Storm's, onto the back
text: of Jones's skull with so much force we hear the NECK SNAP
text: at the same time the cue splinters in half! Storm is
text: left with the jagged tip of the skinny end.
text: Dunne, knowing he'll never make it in time to the couch
text: at the rear of the room, lunges at Storm with a butcher
text: knife he seizes from a tray of cold cuts on a side table.
text: Storm traps the knife, and quickly guides it into Dunne's
text: midsection. With the other hand he raises the sharpened
text: end of the pool stick and slams it down Dunne's throat
dialog: via the windpipe!
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: That's for my wife. Fuck you and
dialog: die.
text: Dunne falls to his knees and just stares. Storm does a
text: flying kick to his chin, breaking his neck. The room now
text: finished, he turns and exits.
speaker_heading: INDOOR POOL
text: Holland pours himself a nervous drink. He paces, tracking
text: Trent who's doing a gentle breaststroke.
speaker_heading: TRENT
dialog: I want Dunne and the others here.
dialog: That goddamn Storm is nuts enough
dialog: to come after me --
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: He's nuts -- but not that nuts.
text: Holland watches Trent swim a few more strokes, then turns
text: and heads away down a short hallway.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 97.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - HOLLAND
text: as he lifts the toilet seat to pee, he finds a handwritten
text: note on the seat. Shocked, he nervously looks around.
text: Seeing nothing, he picks up the note and reads it.
speaker_heading: INSERT - NOTE
text: Anticipation of death is worse than death itself.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
text: A faint smile comes to his face with great confidence.
text: As he backs out of the toilet, he pulls his pistol from
text: his shoulder holster, cocking it. He cautiously exits.
speaker_heading: TRACKING
text: Holland as he moves toward the sporting room and his
text: support team. He enters the area of carnage and the smug
text: confidence on his face starts to change to a slight worry.
text: He then starts carefully making his way back to the indoor
dialog: pool to inform Trent.
speaker_heading: INDOOR POOL
text: Holland enters the area and finds no one. Now the look
text: on his face is one of fear and confusion.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Sonofabitch.
text: But he has a plan. His plan is to try to make it out of
text: the house in one piece. What was once careful stalking
text: has turned into panicked blundering.
text: CONTINUE TRACKING Holland as he bumps into things, knocking
text: them over, retreating wildly. He passes a raging fireplace
text: and suddenly out of the shadows comes a voice:
speaker_heading: STORM (O.S.)
dialog: How does it feel to know you're
dialog: about to die?
text: Holland FIRES in the direction of the voice, and Storm
text: comes out of the shadows standing in plain view -- his
text: .45 pointed at Holland.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I'll give you more time than you
dialog: and Trent gave my wife.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 98.
text: Holland changes the point of his aim and FIRES again. As
text: he fires, Storm EMPTIES his GUN straight at Holland.
scene_heading: WALL BEHIND HOLLAND
text: A Louis XIII portrait -- where a silver dollar-sized group
text: of holes has just appeared, two inches above Holland's
text: head. They are both out of ammo.
speaker_heading: STORM'S POV
text: Holland picks up a fireplace poker. He's swinging like
text: maniac and we hear the sound of the poker SLASHING the
speaker_heading: AIR.
text: But he gets too close to Storm, who snatches the poker
text: away from him.
text: They are like two vicious cats whirling. We see Holland
text: gasping in agony and hear the sound of BONES BREAKING.
text: Storm then begins the search for Trent. He casually
text: strolls through the house calling as if he's playing hide
text: and seek with a childhood friend.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Vernon, oh, Verrrrrnon, where are
dialog: you?
text: Storm opens closets, looks in drawers, under the toilet
dialog: seat, and then proceeds into --
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (loud enough
dialog: for Trent to
dialog: hear)
dialog: Let's see ... where could that bad
dialog: boy be?
text: From the tragic violent rage to what almost seems like a
dialog: kiddie game, we are not sure if: Storm has gone mad or
text: what. He approaches the master closet as he continues
text: the taunting melody.
speaker_heading: MASTER CLOSET
text: Storm enters and begins pushing the clothes of the racks
text: aside -- looking for something that's probably not there.
dialog: Trent is too smart for this shit ... he's probably on a
text: jet to the Bahamas by now.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 99.
text: One more rack of clothes in the farthest-back section.
text: Storm reaches to shove it aside when, with shocking and
text: deafening suddenness: a SHOTGUN BLAST erupts point-blank
text: ... shredding $10,000 worth of suit jackets and barely
text: missing Storm's head. Instantly a figure leaps out. Storm
text: gently disarms him, and the two men are for a moment frozen
dialog: eye to eye.
speaker_heading: STORM AND TRENT
text: Storm seems to drift off somewhere far away, and then
text: violently slams Trent up against the wall, pinning his
text: chest with the left hand. Storm takes the sawed-off
text: shotgun by the handle and punches the barrel straight
text: into Trent's mouth. The barrel simply goes through the
text: teeth and in his mouth. It appears Storm has made up his
text: mind about what to do. Trent's eyes bug out of his head.
text: Storm now takes Trent by the hair and leads him through
text: the house, shotgun still in his mouth.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You know, Trent, I want to kill you
dialog: so bad I can barely contain myself.
dialog: But I keep thinking that death is
dialog: far too merciful a fate for you,
dialog: and that a nice petite white-bread
dialog: boy like you in a federal
dialog: penitentiary ...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: -- let me put it this way -- I doubt
dialog: whether you could remain anal
dialog: retentive for very long. Yeah... I
dialog: think that's best for you --
text: Trent is now so fucking scared he looks like he is about
text: to go out of his mind. About this time in their journey
text: through the house, Storm has stopped before Holland's
text: mangled and lifeless body. If you think Trent was scared
dialog: before, you should see him now.
text: Storm curiously turns his back on Trent for a moment, to
text: pick up handcuffs off the floor. Trent sees his last
dialog: chance.
text: Trent seizes the poker and does his most mighty Babe Ruth
text: impression. Just as Storm stands up, the poker comes
text: flying. It looks like Storm is dead but somehow he steps
text: inside the arc and does shihonage, which disarms Trent
text: and flips him backwards head-first into the fire.
text: Trent's neck is impaled by one of the decorative iron
text: arrows of the fireplace. He is stuck -- struggling to
text: free himself from the arrow as his head catches fire ...
text: a fate somewhat worse than prison.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 100.
dialog: Storm turns away --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: We are not sure where we are yet. In the distance, we
text: see a procession of marching men, all wearing kilts, and
text: all the accoutrements of traditional Scottish garb. In
text: the front, several paces ahead of the neatly marching
text: lines of men, is a single BAGPIPER. Behind all of them
text: is a hearse, being nobly escorted by mounted police.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: Now we see them fully: the colors, the feeling, the emotion
text: of caring men marching in the funeral parade of a fallen
dialog: comrade.
text: CAMERA PAN'S OVER to reveal a section of mourners -- mostly
text: police but with some civilians. The CAMERA MOVES CLOSER
text: and PANS TO the front row, where we see Storm in full
text: police regalia, a medal of valor around his neck. Andy
text: and Sonny are standing near at sober attention.
text: The procession stops and the lone bagpiper continues to
text: play the dirge as he walks up and takes his position on a
text: section of lawn. The pallbearers remove the flag from
text: the casket and present it to the Chief of Police, who now
text: slowly approaches the group of mourners and stops directly
text: in front of Sonny Storm. He presents the flag and salutes
text: Sonny. The lone bagpiper stops and an officer on TRUMPET
text: begins playing "Taps." The coffin is slowly lowered.
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - TV MONITOR
dialog: Finally: the film that Storm shot that night seven years
text: ago on the wharf. Spliced with the audiotape -- with
dialog: subtitles including each speaker's name to make every
dialog: word and identity clear. We see:
text: The two Shadow Men step from the station wagon. The
text: "pushed" film clearly reveals them to be Trent and Holland.
text: We see them conspire with Calabrese and Vitale.
speaker_heading: CALABRESE (V.O.)
dialog: Murder is a serious business, my
dialog: friend. And an expensive one.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 101.
speaker_heading: TRENT (V.O.)
dialog: I'm up to here with caution! This
dialog: (bleep) lives on alfalfa sprouts
dialog: and bean curd, he ain't gonna die
dialog: of natural cause.
text: Our SHOT starts to WIDEN, revealing that the TV monitor
text: is in a news studio. The nightly news is being broadcast:
text: what we see on this monitor is simultaneously going out
text: over the air.
text: As the SHOT WIDENS and TRAVERSES, we begin to see the
dialog: actual news set -- including Esposito who got his well-
dialog: deserved scoop -- and other anchorpeople, crewmen, etc.
speaker_heading: CALABRESE (V.O.)
dialog: All I'm counseling is a little
dialog: patience. The man is public. He's
dialog: in the paper every day.
speaker_heading: TRENT (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah? Well, the next time I read
dialog: about him, it better be in the
dialog: obituaries.
text: CONTINUE MOVE as the wharf scene keeps playing. The TV
text: monitor passes OUT OF FRAME, SOUND goes DOWN, we're MOVING
text: PAST the news set and its occupants (who are readying to
text: go back on-camera as soon as the wharf tape ends) and on
scene_heading: UP TOWARD --
scene_heading: LIGHTS ABOVE NEWS SET
text: which now FILL the FRAME -- bright and blinding. The
text: screen starts to bleach out ... it goes white and
scene_heading: MATCH CUT - SUN (MARINA DEL REY)
text: above a perfect peaceful sea. A small powerboat (the
dialog: kind that you rent from the dock) moves INTO FRAME. Storm
text: steers it, standing up. Andy and Sonny in the back cockpit
dialog: seat.
scene_heading: IN ANDY'S LAP - PORTABLE TV
text: She switches a channel: up comes the same footage we just
text: saw on the news set.
speaker_heading: ANDY
text: It takes a beat before she realizes what it is. Then:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 102.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Hey ... Seven year Storm!
dialog: (indicates TV)
dialog: I told you you'd be famous.
text: Storm takes a step so he can see the screen. Views it
dialog: for a short beat, then --
speaker_heading: STORM
text: picks the TV up from Andy's lap and, while it's still
text: playing, heaves it over the side and into the drink!
speaker_heading: OCEAN SURFACE - TV
text: splashes ... bobs for a few moments... then sinks beneath
text: the surface.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Hey! Why'd you do that?
speaker_heading: STORM
text: watching the last ripples from the sinking set. A moment
dialog: between him and himself -- when the past is allowed to
text: slip away, sink out of sight, making way for the future.
text: Storm turns back from the water surface, to his son and
text: to the woman he loves. He sits (letting the boat drift
text: wherever it wants to) and tugs Andy down beside him.
text: Then he reaches across to his son, pulls the boy to him
text: with a playful headlock.
text: For a moment both Andy and Sonny are held in suspension,
text: wondering what Storm will do or say.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (to Sonny)
dialog: Knock, knock.
text: For a beat, the boy is taken aback. Then he break's into
text: a broad smile.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Who's there?
text: Storm glances to Andy, pulling her tighter to him.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 103.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Boo.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Boo who?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You don't have to cry about it.
dialog: (a beat, then)
dialog: I love you both.
text: Storm hugs his son with great affection, pulling Andy to
text: him with his other arm. This is their beginning.
speaker_heading: BOAT
text: drifts its happy way across the sun-shimmering sea.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
