speaker_heading: HARDWARE
dialog: by
scene_heading: RICHARD STANLEY
dialog: Revised by
speaker_heading: MICHAEL FALLON
dialog: Missing pg. 80
scene_heading: DARKNESS. WIND.
dialog: Dry.
dialog: Relentless.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. THE WASTELAND - DAWN
text: The Darkness becomes a shifting veil of sand and we are inside
text: the funnel of a dust storm. The veil parts, momentarily revealing
text: a vista of dunes, a thin poisonous wind shipping across them ina
text: crimson spray. Then the veil closes again, shifting to reveal a
text: new tableau.
text: Abstract shapes silhoutted against a red sky.
text: A steel fence post.
text: A coil of barbed wire.
text: A body, its outline softened by the dust, broken and half-buried,
text: its ragged uniform fluttering in a mockery of life.
text: A glint of dusty metal.
text: A minefield laid bare by the restless wind.
text: Another shape gains resolution in the dust.
text: A steel hand appears, jointed fingers pointed skyward, veins an
text: intricate web of cables and hydraulic tubing, born of fire.
text: A seething dust cloud appears low on the horizon, a dark shape
text: emerging from its swirling grain, fluttering for a moment like a
text: grounded bat, drawing closer, becoming the figure of a NOMAD
text: swathed in a flapping scarf and a ragged duster, face shadowed by
text: a wide-brimmed hat, shoulders hunched beneath the weight of a
text: bulging military backpack. He holds a long stick like a spear in
text: one hand and as he approaches we see the sunlight glistening on
text: his tinted blast goggles and on the transparent respirator that
text: protects his face.
text: The nomad is moving hurriedly, trying to keep ahead of the storm,
text: his eyes nervously scanning the horizon.
text: There is a sharp crack and two flares drift down behind him like
text: will-o’-the-wisps falling from the red sky.
text: He glances around and his eyes catch a glint of metal through the
dialog: gloom.
text: Slowing, he weaves his way across the minefield, feeling out a
text: path with the tip of his stick, his eyes focused on a shape
text: buried beneath a low ridge of sand.
text: He sees the reaching synthetic hand and hunches beside it,
text: sweeping away the dust, the wind helping him, and slowly a face
text: emerges from the earth.
text: A steel face with eyes like red jewels, features scorched and
text: marked by shrapnel wounds.The nomad begins to dig more swiftly
dialog: now.
text: He glances furtively around and then looks down, smiling at his
dialog: discovery.
text: The steel skull could be smiling back at him.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - DAWN
text: A landscape of metal sculpture. Crash helmets and motorcycle
text: fenders blend into the screaming faces of grotesquely customized
text: domestic androids, reaching waldo arms and webs of barbed wire
text: and rubber tubing filling every square inch of the bedroom,
text: bathroom, kitchen and connecting hallway.
text: A digital clock radio on the stereo system flicks to "6:00 A.M"
text: and HEAVY METAL comes crashing forth from the radio.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: An automatic coffee maker simultaneously begins to BURBLE and
text: spills a spattering stream of soy-cafe into a glass tureen.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT
text: The sole occupant of the apartment is already awake. A figure is
text: crouched in the midst of the tangle of sculptures, surrounded by
text: numerous pencil sketches of insects, face hidden by a battered
text: welding mask, body swathed in paint-spattered overalls, the
text: nozzle of an oxy-acetylene torch held in gloved hands, sparks
text: showering everywhere.
text: The door buzzer rings: a long held BUZZZZZZZZ. The metal worker
text: curses, turns off the gas and crosses to a computer control
text: console in the lounge, On the way, she turns down the music to a
text: dull throb.
text: She props up her welding mask and types a series of digits into
text: the computer. Her face is prematurely careworn but attractive.
text: She's in her late twenties, her hair hanging in strands, her face
text: slick with sweat. Her name is JILL.
text: A screen blinks into life on the console, patching into a
text: security camera that is trained outside the apartment door.
text: There's no one there.
text: She bites her lower lip and taps a few more keys and gets a view
text: down the hall and then a view from the other direction. No one
text: there. She exhales in frustration and types.
text: After a few seconds of electronic snow the face of a blonde kid
text: appears in a haze. He's got a bandanna wrapped around his
text: forehead and a wad of gum in his teeth. This is VERNON.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Yo.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Vernon, is the Chief there?
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Hi, Miss Monroe. No, he's out on his rounds
dialog: right now. I can have him call ya.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Those kids from two were at my door again.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: When was this?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Just now.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: We didn't see anybody.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: That's what worries me.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Listen, Vernon, I've got a delivery coming from
dialog: Foodstuffs today. Be sure to let ‘em up.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Will do, Miss Monroe.
text: The screen blinks off. Jill mutters.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Probably the only one who won't make it through
dialog: his "net”.
text: She walks to the kitchen, pours a cup of coffee, comes back out,
text: turns the MUSIC BACK UP, flips down her visor and goes back to
dialog: work.
text: CAMERA MOVES PAST HER TO the window, looking out on the city -- a
text: large urban metropolis somewhere in the future. Mile high
text: chimneys rise against the smog-filled morning sky.
scene_heading: EXT. SCRAPYARD - DAY
text: MUSIC OVER. A scrapvard on the outskirts of the city. The remains
text: of cars and mangled ward machines lie in corroding mounds and
text: oily clouds streaked with sparks billow from the mouths of forges
text: and furnace stacks.
text: Shadowy FIGURES move through the smoke, welding irons glowing
text: in their hands, unloading untidy barrows of scrap onto clattering
text: conveyor belts.
text: The air is thick with the THUNDER of heavy machinery, the
text: distorted CRIES of men and the CRACKLE of radio static.
text: The VOICE of a DEEJAY comes over the airwaves.
speaker_heading: ANGRY BOB
dialog: This is Angry Bob coming at you on W.A.R. Radio
text: with the good news and the bad news. Bad news
dialog: is the heatwave's not going to let up. It's
dialog: expected to hit ninety downtown before
dialog: nightfall, although weather control keeps
text: promising that rain is on the way. The foul up
text: on the launch pad at terminal eight doesn't
dialog: look like it's gonna clear for another half
text: hour and holiday air traffic is still stacking
text: up over the CBD and all outlying districts. But
dialog: traffic control promises that if you all keep
dialog: cool they'll get you home in time for
dialog: Christmas. As for the good news -- I forget
dialog: what the good news was, so let's just play some
dialog: music!
text: The deejay LAUGHS, his voice echoing maniacally as METAL crashes
text: across the wavelengths, spilling out into the scrapyard from an
text: old transistor radio that's been left standing on the hood of a
text: wrecked car.
text: MO BAXTER and his friend SHADES are traversing the yard. MO is
text: still young, his muscular build betraying long hours of obsessive
text: bench pressing. His blond hair is close-cropped and he wears
text: patched and fazed military uniform, his shirt unbuttoned to
text: reveal a vest that is hand-painted with a blazing skull. A jagged
text: scar zig-zags across his left cheek and his left hand is missing
text: altogether, replaced by a robot prosthesis. A large grey duffle
text: is thrown over his shoulder. Shades is a scrawny individual
text: wearing a leather flying jacket and a three-day growth of beard.
text: He squints through the dark lenses of his trademark glasses.
text: Shades is talking his usual blue streak, Mo has on a tolerant
text: half-smile.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: New York, Max. That's the place' to make it
dialog: now. Just think of it. Over nine thousand tons
dialog: of steel.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: SHADES (Cont'd)
dialog: Five thousand tons of aluminum. Four million
text: miles of copper wire. Twelve thousand windows.
text: Tons of audio gear. Auto parts. Typewriters.
text: Kitchen appliances. Works of art still in the
text: galleries. Just hanging there. Clothing.
text: Toupees. Bridgework. False teeth. Prosthetic
dialog: limbs. You name it. There's a killing to be
dialog: made. New York has it all. Nobody's gonna
dialog: repopulate the Big Apple, now. It's too ripe
dialog: with radiation. The count's way up. All that
dialog: stuff's just going begging. It's salvage city,
dialog: Max. You'd love it.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Stop calling me Max.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Why not? It's a good name. Anyway, give New
dialog: York some thought. It's a lot safer than the
dialog: zone and the move would do you good.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I can't afford the outlay. You'd need rad
text: suits, jeeps, drilling gear... I'm saving up to
dialog: retire in peace.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Retire to what?
text: Mo gives a nod to the overalled workers as he and Shades head up
text: to the dilapidated warehouse at the center of the yard.
scene_heading: INT. ROBOT BREAKER'S WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Mo and Shades step through the sliding doors into a large hall.
text: It’s wide as an aircraft hanger, lit by hanging flourescent tube
text: and dusty skylights.
text: The remains of gutted electronic equipment and dismembered
text: androids are stacked everywhere, mechanical limbs and hydraulic
text: tubing dangling from the rafters, giving the place the appearance
text: of a cannibal's den. ALVY, a dwarf clad in threadbare, grease-
text: covered overeralls and holding a spanner in one hand, is hunched
text: over the shivering, partly-animated torso of a malfunctioning
text: domestic bot. He looks up from his work at the approaching pair
text: and grins.
speaker_heading: ALVY.
dialog: Well, well, well. Taking a little vacation,
dialog: huh? Is this authorized?
text: Mo slips the bag of his shoulder. It hits the floor with a
text: shifting CLANK.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: What do you care? Nothing that comes in here is
dialog: authorized.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: That's not true, I’m primarily legitimate, now,
dialog: I'll have you know.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Oh...?
text: Mo lifts the bag off the floor with one hand.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Perhaps I should go elsewhere, then.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: I said primarily legitimate.
text: He shoves the quivering android off the table into a rolling
text: tamper. He brushes wood and metal filings from the table-top with
text: his sleeve.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Put it right here and let's see what you've
dialog: got. Let me get my glass.
text: Alvy hops down from the bench and scurries into the nether
text: reaches of the warehouse. Mo hefts the bag onto the bench. Unzips
dialog: it.
text: Behind them the warehouse doors open with a tremulant RUMBLE. Mo
text: and Shades turn around. A figure is silhouetted against the
text: blazing daylight. It's the nomad. Coming toward them. He tips his
text: hat up to look at them. Speaks in a low voice.
speaker_heading: NOMAD
dialog: Where’s the little man?
text: Mo steps forward, just a trifle hesitantly. Taking charge.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: He’s indisposed. You got something to sell?
text: The nomad tips his head foreward. Eyes Mo awhile. Then... what
text: the hell. He nods. Unloads his sack on the table. Steel skull,
text: dismembered metal arms, a limbless torso - tubing spilling from
text: the guts -- and several spidery subsidiary arms terminating in
text: pincers and drill bits.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: What the fuck?
text: Shades picks up the skull, awestruck. The nomad delicately takes
text: it from him and replaces it.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: What is it?
text: The nomad slowly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Where'd you find it?
text: The nomad moves his head slightly to indicate a distant world.
speaker_heading: NOMAD
dialog: Nowheresville.
text: Mo and Shades nod. They know what he means.
speaker_heading: NOMAD
text: Looks like it stepped on a frag mine. No legs
dialog: at all and the torso is... all fucked up.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: What do you want for it?
text: Shades looks at him, shocked.
speaker_heading: NOMAD
dialog: Fifty.
dialog: Now Shades looks at him!
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Too much. Thirty.
speaker_heading: NOMAD
dialog: (no nonsense)
dialog: Fifty.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Forty?
text: The nomad nods.
speaker_heading: NOMAD
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (to Shades)
dialog: Pay the man.
text: A stunned Shades peels off bills as Mo stuffs the robot parts
text: into his own bag of the floor. The nomad turns and heads out.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: That was easy.
text: Mo hefts the bag onto the table. Alvy returns just as the figure
text: of the departing nomad is eaten up by the blazing sunlight. Alvy
text: squints after him.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Who was that?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Somebody looking for a bathroom. I sent him on
dialog: his way.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Why doesn't he piss in the street like
dialog: everybody else?
text: Alvy clambers up onto the bench, rubbing his hands together. He
text: plucks a large magnifying glass from his back pocket.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Now what have you got for me?
text: Mo unzips the bag and turns it over. Metal THUNDERS out. Alvy
text: leans over the pile of parts. His eyes widen almost
text: imperperceptibly at the sight of the skull. A pulse of
text: excitement. He glances at the otheres to make sure they didn't
text: notice. Then he shrugs indifferently.
text: Shades picks up the skull again. Now he can peruse it in earnest.
text: Alvy’s eyes can’t help but to follow it. He tries to keep his
text: voice casual.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Where'd you get that?
text: Mo glances at Shades.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I found it out in the zone. What do you think
dialog: it is?
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: (shrugging)
text: Maintenance drone, probably.
text: Mo furrows his brow doubtfully.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: SHADES
text: Kinda scary-looking for a maintenance drone.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: That's the idea. Keeps the scavengers away,
dialog: Y'see, you got a downed vehicle somewhere in
dialog: the middle of nowhere, no survivors, you can
dialog: drop a couple of these and have it put back
dialog: together in no time.
text: Shades looks the skull in the eye.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Nobody around to put him back together, though,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: It doesn't have any legs at all that I could
text: find and the torso's all fucked up. Stepped on
dialog: a frag mine, I guess. Musta got lost.
text: Shades grins slyly at him.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: You figure?
text: Mo narrows his eyes briefly at him. Alvy plucks the skull from
text: his hands. Shades frowns. Alvy shines a light in the android's
text: eyes.
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Not much I can do with this. I can use the
text: infra-reds. Breadboard up a couple of new
dialog: circuits.
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: How about thirty C's to take it off your hands?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Thirty?!
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No thanks, Alvy. Maybe I'll just hold onto
text: Mo takes the skull and sticks it back into the bag. An alarm off
text: behind Alvy's eyes.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Hold onto it?! What--- ? Forty C's...
text: Mo eyes him. Half-smiling.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I thought it was worthless.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: It is! It is worthless! But it's even more
dialog: worthless to you!
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Jeez, you weren't trying to low-ball me, were
dialog: you, Alvy? You wouldn't cheat me...
text: Alvy shakes his head, watching the pieces disappear into the
dialog: sack.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: No I wouldn't cheat you, but... but... It is
dialog: junk, but...what are you gonna do with it?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: It's Christmas Eve. You should know that. You
dialog: used to be an elf, didn't you? I can't exactly
dialog: come back to my girl empty-handed, can I?
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Wouldn't she rather have a nice ...bouquet of
dialog: flowers, maybe? They've got some beautiful
dialog: stuff at the Mart. Just like in the pictures.
dialog: Smell real good, too. Even die on you after a
dialog: couple of days. Very convincing. She'd love
dialog: "em.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You don't know my girl.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Jill doesn’t have any use for fake flowers. Not
dialog: when she can have real metal.
text: Mo nods at the pile of remaining parts.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: How much for the other stuff?
text: Alvy shakes his head, lips twisted in a tight, bitter frown. He
text: desultorily lifts a couple pieces. Then he notices a severed
text: steel hand on the bottom of the pile. One Mo missed. Alvy quickly
text: drops the other pieces over it. Opens his hands to Mo.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Ten C's. That's as high as I go.
text: Mo holds out his hand for it. Alvy quickly counts out several
text: bills from a greasy roll.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Yep, Alvy. You're as high as you're ever going
dialog: to go.
text: Mo hands the bills to Shades and they head for the door. Alvy
text: sneers after them.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Very funny. Can i help it if my mother picked
dialog: up a dose in the big one?
dialog: (calling after)
dialog: You just wait. All those years out in the zone?
dialog: Your kids'll make me look like Narcissus!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: The temperature is still rising and heat shimmers in the sealed
text: tar and concrete valley of the street. Mo and Shades dismount
text: from a pedi-cab and move through the CROWD, dodging the crawling,
text: man-powered vehicles. Knots of figures sit clustered like
text: barnacles in the shade of each supporting pillar of the elevated
text: roadway, their legs almost under the wheels of the traffic. There
text: is a low RUMBLE as a truck passes on an overhead expressway.
text: Mo and Shades pass a row of rusting, wheelles cars, smoke rising
text: from the chimneys in their roofs. Several TEENAGERS are busy
text: beating up a WINO they’ve got pinned against one of the hoods.
text: The wino breaks free and comes stumbling across Mo’s path. He
text: falls to one knee, grasping at Mo’s leg, begging inarticulately
text: for help. The kids LAUGH.
text: Mo looks menacingly at them, his hand falling to the butt of his
text: shotgun. The kids clam up. Mo holds their sullen gaze. He draws
text: the gun from its holster. The kids finally retreat down an alley.
text: The wino murmurs his garbled thanks, pawing at Mo's leg.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Hey. You're creasing the pants.
text: Mo pushes him away with the gun-barrel. The wino tumbles hard. Mo
text: walks on, deftly slipping the shotgun back into its harness.
text: Shades hurries to keep with him.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Tough guy.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: That's why you're still in the corps, isn't it?
text: Mo gives him a look. Fed up.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: You tell me.
text: Mo rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: No, really. Tell me why.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (mock breezily)
dialog: The money's good. I get around. I see what's
dialog: left of the world.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: I get around, too, and at least I'm still in
dialog: one piece.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Yeah, until one of your boosters blows up under
dialog: you or your heatshield rips off on the way
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Don't knock it. At least it’s quick. One pssht
dialog: and you're gas spread out over a thousand miles
dialog: of stratosphere. Think of the view. No coughing
dialog: your lungs out in a bunker or sitting around
dialog: waiting for the first cancer cells to show up
dialog: or your kids to be born blind and blue because
dialog: you've had one dose too many and come up snake
dialog: eyes in the genetic crap game you play every
dialog: time you go zone tripping. DO you think Jill
dialog: wants you to go on strolling around out there
dialog: up to your ass in radioactive iodine for the
dialog: rest of your life?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Think she'd like it better if I was on welfare?
dialog: Wound up like these bums? Nothing else I can
dialog: do. Not now. Anyway, I don't want kids. Can't
dialog: stand the little motherfuckers.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BLOCK FOYER - DAY
text: Mo steps through the twisted remains of a security gate into the
text: graffiti-scarred foyer.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: What the fuck happened here?
speaker_heading: SHADES
text: Some hophead drove a land cruiser through it.
dialog: Put Tommy in the hospital. Did you know him?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: When did this happen?
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Two, three months ago.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Right after - you left.
text: Mo pauses at a batteted computer terminal and types in an access
text: code before turning to face the steel doors of the lift. The
text: doors are slightly buckled as if someone has tried to open them
text: with a crowbar. A grating metallic WHINE comes inside the
text: elevator shaft. Mo waits for a while, listening as the whine
text: drops to a lower pitch and then cuts out entirely. He rattles the
text: door in frustration.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
text: Another scorcher today. Nearly ninety, they
text: said on the news.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: And they take the temperature on the roof. Down
dialog: in the streets it's a damn sight hotter.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: That it is. Hey, while you're here I want you
dialog: to meet someone. Got a new kid on the job.
dialog: Vernon, say hello to Mister Baxter!
dialog: (to Mo)
dialog: You heard about Tommy...?
text: Shades nods. Up above, Vernon sticks his head through the
text: railings and grins down at them. He's working on a wad of gum.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Yo!
text: Mo raises his hand to say hello, but Vernon has ducked back out
dialog: of sight.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Kid's got shit for brains, but he'll work out
dialog: once he knows the ropes. It ain't brain
dialog: surgery!
text: Mo nods down to the lower floors.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Looks like this is the last line of defense.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Damn right. This is as far as they get. We've
text: got new surveillance gear all over the block.
dialog: If you want to maybe pop down later for a game
dialog: I'll show you 'how it works.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Maybe I'll do that.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: I'd appreciate it. Haven't had a good game in weeks.
dialog: Vernon's got no head for chess. You can imagine.
text: Mo and Shades press on up the staircase. Shades wants to put a
text: question to Mo. Finally gets up the nerve:
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: She know you're back?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I didn't want to wake her.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: You didn't mind waking me!
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You I don't care about.
text: Shades shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: You shoulda called. Think she'll let you stay?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (blustery)
dialog: Course she will. She sleeps better when I'm
text: around. Makes her feel more secure.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Ha! That's a laugh! She couldn't be more secure
text: than she is now. She's sealed in tight. She
dialog: doesn't need you or me.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: SHADES
text: She doesn't stick her little toe out of there
dialog: if she doesn't have to.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: How do you know?
text: Shades shrugs uneasily.
speaker_heading: SHADES
text: I keep an eye on her.
text: Mo stops, turns back. Eyes him narrowly. Shades shrugs again,
text: a little embarrassed. Mo finally smiles.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Good. Keep it up.
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: When I'm not around. See nothing happens to
dialog: her, okay? Promise me that?
text: Mo is surprisingly serious. Shades nods.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Sure. I'll do what I can. Sure.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You going somewhere?
text: Mo turns and climbs to the top of the stairs. He stands outside
text: the steel door of an apartment. He reaches for the buzzer.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT
text: BUZZZZZZZZ. CAMERA PULLING AWAY FROM the other side of the door.
text: DOWN the hallway to the console in the lounge. Sulphourous light
text: from the oxy-acetylene torch flashes on the walls and console.
text: The door again: BUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ7ZZ.
speaker_heading: JILL (0.S.)
dialog: Goddamn it!!
text: The torch light cuts out.
text: Jill steps to the console, pulling off the welding mask, tossing
text: it aside. She rapidly types digits into the computer.
text: The screen blinks to life and Mo's face stares back at her
text: through the electronic blizzard. For a moment she is silent, her
text: features unreadable. Mo smiles and she finds herself smiling,
text: too, almost against her will.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Mo.
text: His voice comes over the intercom, thick with static.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You gonna let me in, or what?
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWELL
text: Mo waits for the door to open. He shifts from foot to foot.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Jill? You there?
text: Shades nods seriously at him. She's there. Mo clears his throat.
text: Looks at the keypad next to the door. Types a set of numbers.
dialog: Nothing happens.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: I changed the code.
text: Mo exhales impatiently.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Jill. Let me in.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I'll make up the couch.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT
text: Jill stands there, eyes downcast. Torn. Finally shaking her head
text: in self-reproach and tapping a key. She heads toward the hall.
text: There is a HISS as the apartment's hydraulics go into action and
text: the front door slides open on steel runners to reveal Mo and
text: Shades standing on the threshold. Jill takes a geiger counter
text: hanging from its peg in the hall and runs it over them.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Hmm. Cessium level's low today.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I've had warmer hello's.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Hello, Mo.
text: He gives her a smile.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Hey there, Jill.
text: They’re a bit awkward. Nobody makes the first move. Jill nods at
dialog: Shades.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: How’s it going?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Not bad. I--
text: Mo takes the opportunity to move past her down the hall. Jill
text: hesitates for a second. Then:
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: -- I got a commision customizing consoles for
text: some uptowners. Welfare checks are coming in
dialog: regular, I can't complain.
text: Mo stands on the edge of the living room. He smiles lightly at
text: the chaos and puts down his gear. Jill and Shades come in behind
dialog: him.
dialog: Mo bends
dialog: nods his
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: See my new pet? I've been using it as a model.
dialog: This morning I woke up and -- look -- it made a
dialog: web.
text: beside a glass tank. His eyes focus on the spider and he
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: What do you feed it?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I've been giving it little bits of soy mince, but
dialog: sometimes I catch a bug. It sucks ‘em dry.
text: Mo frowns a little, then reaches down into his gunny sack.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I've got something else you'll like.
text: He starts to open the sack but then he sees that Jill isn’t
dialog: watching
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (to Shades)
dialog: I've been basing my work more on organic
dialog: forms... translating them into the
dialog: synthetic...focusing more on the synthesis...
text: Shades nods. Mo stands up suddenly.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (to Shades)
dialog: Listen, you wanna stay for a beer, or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: No, that's okay, thanks. I want to talk to the
dialog: super about the air conditioning before we all
dialog: fry.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: They say there's a cold front on the way. It
dialog: might cool things down in time for Christmas.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Yeah. There's hope yet.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Can you guys hold off on the weather report for
dialog: a minute?
text: They look at him, slightly surprised. He opens his bag, emptying
text: it onto the floor with a CLATTER. The steel skull grins up at
text: them, upside down amidst a tangle of components.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: See anything you like?
text: Jill kneels amidst the scrap, her face lighting up.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh! Jesus God! He's beautiful!
dialog: (lifting the skull)
dialog: I love it! What a monster.
text: She plants a kiss on its forehead.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Maintenance drone, if you can believe Alvy.
text: He glances at Shades, who shrugs back. Jill sets down the skull
text: and lifts a severed mechanical arm, running her fingers over the
text: metalwork. Then she looks up at Mo and her face lights up with a
text: smile. Mo gives it back.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Merry Christmas, baby.
text: She stands and hugs him, still holding the android's arm in one
dialog: hand.
text: Shades gives a little wave and backs toward the door.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: I’m gonna head out. You guys...
text: They're still locked in embrace.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: MO
text: Later, Shades.
text: Shades gives a little ironic salute, taps a number on the keypad
text: next to the door. The door SHUNTS open. He ducks out. The door
text: HISSES shut.
text: Jill and Mo kiss. Deeply. Holding each other tight.
text: The steel skull lies where Jill left it, still smiling, the
text: embracing lovers inverted, reflected in the depth of its glass
text: eyes.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWER - NIGHT
text: Hot water HISSES from the overhead faucet and Mo stands in the
text: frosted glass cubicle, eyes closed, steam rising around him as he
text: lets the shower wash away three months of sweat and engine oil.
text: He reaches out, pulling Jill closer. Her hands reach around him,
text: gently massaging her back, feeling a web of waxy scar tissue
text: beneath her fingertips.
text: A living mosaic of tattoos writhes beneath her touch, a jungle
text: tangle of howling wolves, wilting roses, phallic warheads and
text: naked bodies. Their lips meet and he caresses her and even though
text: he cannot feel the caress through his synthetic hand he feels her
text: shiver anyway. She clasps his wrist, raising the prosthetic limb
text: to her lips, kissing the steep fingertips.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Later they lie in the circular bed in the room that serves as
text: both bedroom and lounge, facing out towards the Venetian blinds
text: whose open slats reveal a panoramic vista of rooftops and glowing
text: windows. The television set is on, tuned to some program about
text: the famine, the volume turned down, the news camera tracking
text: silently across rows of emaciated bodies stacked like firewood,
text: the images spilling their cold blue light across the naked
text: lovers. The only sound in the apartment now is the rasping of
text: their breath, the low hum of the air conditioning and the distant
text: throb of the city, pulsing like blood rushing in their ears,
text: muted by the soundproof walls.
text: Jill cries out, voice shrill as a bird call, head thrown back
text: Mo's hands clutching at her shoulders, his eyes closed, straining
text: toward transcendence. Her cries become thicker, distorted,
text: becoming an electronic synthesis of sound as a red glow grows
text: around them and their image loses resolution, their bodies
text: becoming solarized, becoming a grainy pornographic photograph
text: taken on heat sensitive film stock.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT IN ADJACENT TOWER BLOCK - NIGHT
text: LINCOLN WEINBERG, JR., a short, stocky man with close-cropped
text: hair wearing a gaudy Hawaiian shirt, presses the remote lead-on
text: his camera, keeping one eye pressed to the viewfinder. The
text: shutter opens with a CLICK, exposing another frame, and then the
text: auto-wind mechanism WHIRS into action.
text: A trickle of sweat runs down his forehead.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Yeah, take it! Take that big dick! Take it all,
dialog: bitch!
text: He re-adjusts the infrared lens of his camera to maximum
text: telephoto, panning slightly to keep Jill in the center of the
text: frame, peering through the parallel bars of the blinds, studying
text: the cascade of her hair, the curve of her breasts...
text: His hand eases itself into his lap, his finger jerking on the
text: remote trigger, almost a reflex action now. He sees Mo's hands
text: claw at her back, hard enough to bruise, and he groans. Jill
text: shudders, her spine arching, and Lincoln shudders with her.
text: He blinks, trying to keep her moonlit image in focus.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: God... I love you...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jill lies on her back amidst the stained sheets, smoking a joint,
text: letting Mo trace the outline of her body with his good hand. She
text: smiles dreamily, her eyes half-closed.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: It's good to have you here, Moses.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: It's good to be here.
text: Then he sighs quietly, drawing his hand away, lying back. He
text: stares at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: What are we gonna do?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: About what?
text: She’s a bit wary, now. Cool.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: About us.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Do you ever think about that?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: I like it when we're together. I haven't
dialog: thought much beyond that. You're not somebody I
dialog: can rely on.
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: How long are you going to stay this time?
text: He's silent for a long while. She waits. Finally, with
dialog: difficulty:
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I'm AWOL. I have to be back by next Thursday or
dialog: I'll be counted out.
text: She sits up. Angry.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Let them count you out! You don't owe them
dialog: anything!
text: She glances at his robot hand. He curls it up, moves it away.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: No. They owe me six months of back pay. I won't
dialog: get it unless I stick it out until my contract
text: is up.
text: Jill is frustrated. Draws up her knees. Rests her temple against
text: them, turned away from him. Quietly:
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Which is when?
text: He’s evasive. Shrugs.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Few months.
text: She slowly stretches out again. Lying with her back to him. Is
text: trying to say something.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: The thing is I...Jil11?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I really love you.
text: Long pause. Her expression doesn't change.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: So?
text: He closes his eyes. Sleepy. Dreamy. He shrugs languidly.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Maybe...we...
text: He trails off. She lies there, watching the neon flicker of light
text: play in the Venetian blinds and listening to the throb and whir
text: of the city. Then she hears distant music come drifting up from
text: the depth of the glass canyon outside the window pane, faint,
text: almost lost beneath the roar of the traffic. A choir singing. A
dialog: Christmas carol.
dialog: Silent Night. Holy Night.
text: Jill turns to Mo and touches his arm.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Mo.
text: But it is already too late. He is fast asleep. She sighs, curling
text: up beside him, listening to the distant carol as she too drifts
text: slowly into sleep.
text: All is calm.
text: All is bright.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THROUGH:
speaker_heading: NOWHERE
text: A shifting veil of fire.
text: Wind borne sparks.
text: A great wind blowing.
text: Sand lifting from the dunes in crimson sheets, twisting in the
text: air, taking on the semblance of life.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jill moans softly in her sleep, face damp with sweat. Moonlight
text: filters through the blinds and it is as if the lovers sleep in
text: the midst of a forest of metal trees, the glistening branches and
text: reaching arms of Jill's scrap sculptures silhouetted against the
text: Silver glow.
text: Glass eyes glint in the night and grotesque, tortured faces peer
text: from the gloom. Ventilation tubing coils through the trees like
text: snakes and a steel owl perches above the doorway its wingspan
text: lined with metallic feathers.
text: Moonlight silvers the spider web and for a moment its strands
text: seem to fill the room. Somewhere, far back in the shadows,
text: something moves. Static flickers with a sputter across the
text: television screen. A spark flies between synapses deep inside a
text: damaged silicon brain and a crimson gleam flickers momentarily
text: through the eyes of the steel skull.
text: There is a HUM of energy and its memory banks light up. The TV
text: screen dims for a second and the android's infrared retinas widen
text: as its disembodied head silently watches over the apartment,
text: focusing on the two glowing heatforms that lie curled beside each
text: other on the bed.
text: Jill moans again, turning in her sleep.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE WASTELAND - DAY
text: In her dream she's running across the dunes, almost blind,
text: buffeted by the stinging sand, her hair whipping around her.
text: Something dark emerges from the dust up ahead and slowly she
text: approaches it. The curtain of sand parts, revealing a steel hand
text: reaching from the earth.
text: She falls to her knees and without understanding why begins
text: desperately to dig, the wind helping her uncover something long
text: buried within the dune.
text: A face appears, staring up at her.
text: Mo's face, terribly burned, screaming mouth and eyeless sockets
text: filled with sand.
text: She SCREAMS, starting to her feet and when she tries to run Mo's
text: metal hand grabs her by the ankle and holds her fast.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jill wakes with a start, sitting up in the darkened room, Mo is
text: still sleeping at her side and she lets out a little sigh of
text: relief when she sees him, reaching out to touch him, letting his
text: warmth reassure her. She sits for a while in silence and then,
text: making a decision, she swings herself out of bed, slips ona
text: crumpled silk kimono and heads for the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Jill absent-mindedly types a command into a wall console and the
text: automatic coffee maker percolator lights up, chugging and
text: whirring contentedly to itself. She opens the freezer to remove a
text: carton of synti-milk, catching a glimpse of her face floating in
text: the dark glaze of the tiling, illuminated momentarily by the dim
text: light of the refrigerator door. The face seems disembodied,
text: almost unrecognizable.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Jill picks her way through the debris, cradling a steaming mug of
text: coffee. She sits down in the middle of the room and crosses her
text: legs, still feeling strangely disoriented. She taps another joint
text: from an already half-empty pack of ‘Acapulco Gold' and reaches
text: out to flick the television's remote control, turning up the
text: volume on a late-night news bulletin. The NEWSCASTER smiles
text: reassuringly at her, his voice silky and emotionless, his hair
text: and complexion flawless, probably computer generated.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: The Department of Agriculture announced today
dialog: that further rationing under the new austerity
dialog: guidelines is likely in the wake of the soya
dialog: crop blight and the resulting forty percent
text: shortfall in the harvest. The government has
dialog: announced plans to set up a special task force
dialog: to deal specifically with this problem and the
dialog: recent reports of widespread defiency-releated
dialog: diseases in the inner city.
text: Jill takes another drag on the joint, turning her attention to an
text: unfinished sculpture. A collage of mutilated dolls, welded by a
text: blowtorch into a single circular unit, interlaced with barbed
text: wtre and rusty surgical implements.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: Meanwhile, public resistance to the emergency
dialog: population control bill continues to grow. The
dialog: bill would mandate --
text: Jill flips the remote button, channel and turning to a hardcore
text: pornography then to some music station where a nameless heavy
text: metal band is batting its way through its latest number, by an
text: undulating sea of dancers, surrounded upwards, hands reaching
text: desperately outlined by a blue neon grid of laser beams.
text: Jill smiles, more at home now. She scrambles over to the pile of
text: scrap and begins to shift through the android's remains. The
text: torso is still largely intact, almost humanoid above the waist
text: but degenerating below the hips into a truncated tangle of melted
text: cables and hydraulic tubing.
text: Jill’s fingers lightly trace the course of a shrapnel wound and
text: she leans forward to try to make out a battered serial number and
text: what seems to be some kind of military insignia engraved on its
text: breastplate. A stylized moon and a thunderbolt. She counts four
text: arms, three of them ending in slender hands with long, delicately
text: jointed fingers while a fourth terminates in a rugged stump. She
text: paws through the scrap, frowning, but the missing hand is nowhere
dialog: to be found.
text: Two crumpled subsidiary arms project like insulated caterpiller
text: legs from the android's stomach, one tapering into a jagged drill
text: bit and the other ending in a pair of rotating pincers.
text: Jill smiles to herself, glancing up at the unfinished doll
text: sculpture. Then she hauls on a pair of paint-spattered
text: electrician's gloves and begins to work.
text: Mo stris, gradually coming awake to the sound of heavv metal, the
text: bass turned too high, and the WHINE of a power saw in-operation
text: somewhere in the gloom behind him. He sits up, turning to see
text: Jill crouched over the android's remains, still dressed in her
text: kimono but wearing welding goggles now and wielding a circular
dialog: saw.
text: He can’t quite make out what she's doing but he can see sparks
text: the darkness, the clenched line of her jaw and the hurting whites
text: of her eyes behind the goggles. Rapt, almost mesmeric in their
dialog: concentration.
text: He rubs his eyes and yawns, glancing at his watch. He pulls on
text: his trousers and shambles over to the window, lighting a
text: cigarette. Behind him the power saw cuts off for a moment as Jill
text: changes to her airbrush, setting to work on the android's head.
text: He smiles, neon washing over his face. Jill stands, raising the
text: android's severed head and placing it in the midst of the doll
text: fresco so that it forms a new centerpiece and Mo sees that she
text: has painted one side of the steel skull with light blue clouds
text: and the other with a dark, star-studded sky. He laughs and Jill
text: turns to him.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I like it.
text: He takes a step toward her. Unsure of himself.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: The dolls are a nice touch. Make a nice wreath.
text: Her mouth tightens. He tries again, kiddingly.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Where does this stuff come from? You seem so
text: normal on the surface.
text: She decides to take him seriously.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You know that new emergency bill they're
dialog: pushing through?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: The birth control thing?
text: Jill nods at the ring of dolls.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I started on this when I first heard about it.
text: Mo gazes at the sculpture for a long time. Then he starts to turn
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I don't get it.
text: He picks up his shotgun. Shoulders it. Aiming out the window.
text: Jill is glaring at his back.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Why do I let you in? Every time? Why?
text: He turns suddenly to her.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You wanna know why?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Yes, I do!
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I'll show you why.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Sit in that chair.
text: She rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Mo, I’m trying to work.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You wanted to know. Now go sit in the chair.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No. It's stupid.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Just go sit in the fucking chair, okay?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Okay, okay. Jesus. If it makes you happy.
text: She sits in the chair.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Okay, now what?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Now tip yourself back...slowly... so the front
text: legs lift off the floor. Like you're riding it.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: This is really stupid.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Go on. Do it for me.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Yeah, yeah.
text: She tips the chair back keeping her balance with one foot.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Okay. Now what.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Let it go all the way. Let yourself fall.
dialog: You'll be all right.
text: She starts to tip the chair backwards. For a moment she teeters
text: on the verge of overbalancing and then, laughing, she drops
text: forward into an upright position. Shaking her head.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Trust me, Jill.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No. I can't do it. No way.
text: Mo steps suddenly forward and pushes her hard in the chest. She
text: topples backwards with a SHRIEK and hits the floor with a
text: resounding THUD.
text: She lies on her back for a moment, looking up at Mo standing over
text: her, the shotgun still in his hands.
text: Then she begins to laugh.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Fun, huh?
text: Mo kneels next to her, grinning.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You can't hurt yourself. Not if you fall right.
dialog: Didn't I tell you?
text: She puts one arm around him, drawing him to her and they kiss.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: They tell you not to look down when you climb a
text: cliff, but why not? The view is beautiful.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (still smiling)
dialog: You're so full of it...
text: From the flat below comes the sound of muffled THUMPING as the
text: downstairs neighbors bang on their ceiling with a broom handle.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh, God... the neighbors...
text: Mo BANGS on the floor with his steel hand.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Fuck them!
text: He drops the shotgun and grabs Jill, dragging her across the
text: floor towards the bed. He lifts her in his arms, dumping her on
text: the mattress and scrambling on top of her, pinning her down with
text: his knees. For a moment they are quiet, looking at each other. He
text: reaches out, brushing a strand from her face with his prostethic
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Moses...
text: The phone RINGS. A BURBLING electronic sound, tangling in Jill's
text: hair. Mo's hand twitches spastically. She recoils with a yelp.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Shit!
text: Jill starts to laugh, untangling her hair. The phone continues to
text: RING. Mo stands.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: It's not funny. Damn thing keeps getting radio
text: and TV signals confused with my nerve impulses.
text: He crosses toward the main computer console. Looking
text: contemplatively at the metal hind.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I'm going to have to get it changed. Circuits
dialog: are messed up anyway. Sometimes I even feel
text: pain in it, like my hand's still there...
text: The expression in Mo's face makes her stop laughing. He shrugs it
text: off and reaches for the phone. She reaches out her hand --
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Don't answer it.
text: Too late. He's picked up the vid-phone handset.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Yeah?
text: A familiar face flickers across the vid-screen, peering out
text: through the rolling electronic bars.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Alvy?
text: Alvy is furtive, nervous.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: I gotta see you. Sorry to call so late,
dialog: but...it's important.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Jesus, Alvy. Talk to me in the morning.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: No. It has to be now. I'm talking big bucks,
dialog: savvy. Meet me at the yard in an hour. And
dialog: bring the, uh... skull and bones.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: The what?
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: No way. I’m not selling it. That's final.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Just hear me out. I can't talk over the phone.
dialog: Too many ears. See you in an hour.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Forget it.
text: The dwarf's face disappears in a swirl of electronic snow. Mo
text: hangs up. Stands there. Intrigued. He stares at the blank screen.
text: Jill is watching him. Waiting for his next move. He finally looks
text: at her. Gives her a big, warm smile. Crosses toward her, shaking
text: his head in exasperation.
text: He climbs onto her. Tipping her onto her back. Giving her kiss.
text: He looks her in the eye and shakes his head again.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Everything's a big emergency with Alvy.
text: They kiss again.
text: Across the room, red embers glow deep in the eyes of the painted
text: metal skull.
scene_heading: INT. ROBOT BREAKER'S WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Alvy sits crouched beside work bench, an island of flourescent
text: light adrift in the darkened warehouse. He is bent over the
text: bench, raising a jeweler's lens to examine the severed mechanical
text: hand that lies before him. He takes note of an engraved serial
text: number, then pushes the hand to the side, rummaging through a
text: sheath of blueprints printed on a dog-eared read-out paper until
text: he finds one that clearly matches the hand’s design.
text: He leans closer, examining an intricate schematic diagram
text: charting the hand's wiring. Red lettering is stencilled across
scene_heading: one corner of the blueprint: "MARK 13 PROTOTYPE -AUTHORIZED
scene_heading: ACCESS ONLY."
text: Something in the schematic seems to excite him and he lifts a
text: gold pocket watch by its chain to check the time.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The room is still and dark. Neon glow blinks in a slat-pattern on
text: the ceiling. The mute TV flickers and flashes.
text: Jill is peacefully asleep.
text: Mo is moving stealthily about the apartment, dressing. He sits
text: carefully on the edge of the bed to lace up his boots. Jill sighs
text: in her sleep. Stirs.
text: Mo waits till she settles back and gives her a soft kiss on the
text: cheek. A small contented smile rises out of her dreams and breaks
text: on her lips.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I'll be back.
text: He stands and heads for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: The apartment's door HISSES open and Mo stands alone on the
text: threshold, wrapped in a shapeless military coat, his hands in his
text: pockets, He hesitates uneasily for a moment before stepping into
text: the waiting darkness and making for the elevator. He hears a
text: stealthy sound behind him and pauses, nervously typing a command
text: into the lift's control console, one hand touching the butt of
text: his shotgun.
text: Several ragged shapes detach themselves from the night, drifting
text: slowly toward him. CHILDREN, three of them not even in their
text: teens, ringworm already in their hair, their grubby faces thin,
text: and spotted with sores, their eyes glistening hungrily in the
text: half-light.
text: For a moment he's not sure how to react, then he sets his jaw and
text: waves at them in a threatening manner.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: How did you get up here? Go on! Get the fuck
dialog: out of here!
text: The children stand their ground, not daring to come closer
text: and at the same time unwilling to give up. The lift door swishes
text: open and Mo steps quickly into the narrow, grafitti-scarred
text: cubicle.
scene_heading: INT. LIFT
text: The lift door doses and the children are gone from sight and the
text: car is dropping toward the street. Mo breathes a sigh of relief,
text: drawing the coat more tightly around himself. He mutters.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Goddamn Chief.
text: He looks at his face in the door's cracked and cloudy mirror.
text: His eyes seem lost and worried, strangely disoriented. He
text: shivers, trying to pull himself together.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The lift door swishes open and Mo walks hastily through the
text: lobby, stepping over the sleeping DRIFTERS as he makes for the
text: street. Outside the rush of traffic and the stench of the gutters
text: enfold him, the feeling of anonymity affording him it lends him
dialog: some little comfort.
text: He steps into the street, hailing a pedi-cab, not looking back.
text: The cab stops. He trots after it.
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE - LOOKING DOWN ON MO
text: A motorized shutter CLICKS three times, freezing his image on
text: heat-sensitive 35mm, the auto-wind WHIRRING.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT IN ADJACENT TOWER BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Lincoln is crouched by the window, following Mo through the lens
text: of his camera.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: That's it, loverboy. Just keep on walking.
text: He pans his camera up once more to focus on the window of Jill's
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jill rolls over, the sheets tangling around her. Muttering in her
dialog: sleep.
text: Somewhere far back in the cluttered apartment something moves and
text: comes to life.
text: The red light glimmers in the eyes of the android's severed head.
text: With an almost imperceptible electronic whir, its microchip mind
text: wakes up, watching over the apartment from its perch in the midst
text: of a nest of barbed wire and burned dolls.
text: The android's irises widen, like black holes slowly expanding.
scene_heading: INT. ROBOT BREAKER'S WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The android's severed hand shivers, fingers shifting minutely,
text: delicately touching the table-top as if trying to orient itself.
text: Alvy is oblivious to the hand movement, too busy studying the
text: minutely detailed blueprints spread out before him to notice
dialog: anything else.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A bank of LED's light up on the main computer console. A low
text: whine of feedback crackles from the intercom and static hazes the
text: television screen. Jill groans, turning irritably on the bed.
text: Down on the floor, the android's dismembered limbs shiver as life
text: returns to them, jointed fingers tapping on the floor, artificial
text: muscles flexing slowly, hydraulic tubing twisting, fluid flowing
text: back into damaged veins.
text: A dark pool of grease spreads like blood across the carpet.
scene_heading: INT. ROBOT BREAKER'S WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Alvy detects a furtive movement out of the corner of his eye and
text: looks up from his work.
text: The severed hand has vanished.
text: The dwarf starts to his feet, checking the floor, seeing nothing
text: but bare concrete.
text: He lifts the blueprints, searching the tabletop, suddenly
text: bewildered.
text: Behind him the hand scuttles deftly along a rack of spare
text: freezing for Alvy looks around a moment in the shadow of an oil
text: can as then scampering up to perch like a spider on the head of a
text: deactivated servo-robot.
text: Alvy is already beginning to suspect the truth when he hears
text: the soft metallic tapping coming from the shelf behind him.
text: Slowly he turns, half guessing what he is about to see, his heart
text: beating faster anyway. Then he sees the hand, one finger tapping
text: impatiently against the servo-robot's cranium.
text: The hand seems to know he's watching and freezes once more.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: I'll be goddamned...
text: He takes a step closer, pulling on a pair of heavy rubber gloves.
text: The hand remains motionless.
text: The dwarf reaches slowly out, biting his lower lip nervously.
text: Then his fingers touch it and in an instant the hand is
text: scuttling up his arm, faster than he can move, feeling its way
text: toward his face. He recoils, trying to brush it off, but it is
text: already at his throat and he can feel its steel fingers
text: trying to get a grip on his windpipe.
text: He grabs at the stump of the wrist, frantically trying to tug the
text: hand away. He stumbles back, catching a chair behind his knees
text: and losing his balance. He cries out, as he goes down, scrabbling
text: at the tabletop as he goes down, but succeeds only in pulling the
text: blueprints down on top of him. He hits the floor hard and the
text: hand is already grasping at his face, feeling for his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The light blazes, bright as hot coals now in the android's eyes.
text: A coat rack falls with a CLATTER to the floor and Jill stirs,
text: hovering between sleep and waking. The floor of the room is
text: alive, now, hands twitching and hopping, wiring sparking in the
dialog: gloom.
scene_heading: INT. ROBOT BREAKER'S WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The sliding doors RATTLE as Mo pushes them open on their runners
text: and steps into the darkened warehouse. Their is a flourescent
text: light burning at the far end of the room behind a rack of
text: accessories and Mo can hear the sounds of a violent scuffle
text: interspersed with YELPS of pain.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Alvy?
speaker_heading: ALVY (0.S.)
dialog: (thick and muffled)
text: AH, FUCK! HELP ME! MOSES! !
text: Mo runs down the main aisle of the warehouse to find Alvy
text: thrashing on the floor amidst the crumpled blueprints, clutching
text: at his throat, his legs kicking.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: GET IT OFF! AAAAGH! GET IT OFF ME YOU
dialog: SHITHEAD! !
text: Mo crouches quickly, pinning the screaming dwarf to the floor
dialog: with
text: his knees and pulling at the hand. At first it resists, then, in
text: a moment of confusion, it releases Alvy and tries to grab at Mo
text: but he already has it by the wrist and its fingers are too short
dialog: to reach him.
text: He stands slowly, staring at the hand in disbelief, its fingers
text: clawing helplessly at the air.
text: Alvy sits up, rubbing his throat. Dark purple bruises mark his
text: flesh, bloodstains dappling his shirt, dripping from a row of
text: almost surgical incisions in his face and neck. Alvy mops at the
text: blood with his handkerchief, his hand trembling.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Oh, God...I'm...bleeding...!
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You're all right. Where did you get this?
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: It...it was in that pile of junk you sold me. I
dialog: didn't...I didn't notice it till after you
dialog: left. It's part of the...Mark 13.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: The what?
text: Alvy peers about Mo's body, frowning.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Mark 13. You didn't bring the rest of it?!
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Wait a minute. The android? What do you know
dialog: about it? What is it?
text: Alvy stands and points at him.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: It's a more sophisticated version of you.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I thought it was a maintenance drone!
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Uh...well, no. So did I. But then I got my
dialog: hands on these blueprints. See?
text: Alvy hops eagerly onto the bench seat, pawing through the
text: blueprint pages. Mo steps close to the bench, peering over Alvy's
text: shoulder. Alvy keeps one eye on the hand in Mo's grip.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: This is the guy who is gonna make you obsolete.
dialog: You'll be the maintenance drone.
dialog: (pointing at the hand)
dialog: He's got three more of those where that came
text: from, as well as four subsidiary arms. More
dialog: legs than a fucking spider. It's designed to
dialog: operate in the field, out of radio contact,
dialog: working on its own initiative, even making its
dialog: own repairs. It's the closest thing to real
dialog: artificial intelligence money can buy and it's
dialog: got just one primary function.
scene_heading: INT JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jill lies curled on the bed, her eves twitching beneath their
text: lids, deep in a dream. Behind her the movement has become more
text: organized. Steel fingers tighten bolts and seal damaged tubing,
text: rebuilding its body piece by piece, dismembered limbs acting
text: under the silent command of the severed head.
text: Slowly, almost painfully, the creature swings its torso upright,
text: using its lower arms like legs, stretching itself as if awakening
text: from a deep sleep.
text: Slowly Mark 13 returns to life.
scene_heading: INT. ROBOT BREAKER'S WAREHOUSE: - NIGHT
text: Alvy turns proudly from the blueprints to Mo.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: It can lie dormant for decades and recharge
dialog: itself anytime from any power grid even from
dialog: the sun, if necessary. It can see in the dark
dialog: and move faster and quieter than the most
dialog: highly trained combat soldier. It's got mind-
text: bending drugs inside it worse than cyanide. It
dialog: can kill you in seconds and even make you enjoy
dialog: it.
text: Mo is staring at a blinking LED on the back of the hand.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: What's with this light? Is it malfunctioning?
text: He sounds almost hopeful.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Oh, no. It's functioning fine. That's a warning
dialog: that it's electrified. You're lucky the storage
text: battery is kept in the chest cavity. Otherwise
dialog: -- ZZZZT! The little bastard would've put more
dialog: current through you than an electric chair.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Where's the phone?! I've gotta call Jill!
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: (reproachfully)
dialog: I told you to bring it with you.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Just point me to the phone, Alvy!
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Now, slow down! Can't we do some business
dialog: first? That's what you came here for.
text: Mo steps menacingly toward him.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: The phone, goddamnit! !
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: 250 C's! Cash!
text: Mo thrusts the wriggling hand at him. Alvy recoils, the blood
text: draining from his face, the hand straining to reach him.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Here! I'll give you this one for free! Around
dialog: the neck! Now where's the fucking phone?! !
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: (pointing across room)
dialog: Over there! Over there! Jeesh. You'll need change.
text: Mo carefully holds the hand out to Alvy. Wrist first. Alvy shakes
text: his head.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Take it!
text: Alvy takes it, blanching. Mo heads for the phone, digging into
text: his pockets. Alvy holds the flexing hand at arm's length. Has to
text: marvel at it. Raises his voice for Mo.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Apparently they were testing a bunch of them
text: out on the dune sea, but there was a fuck up.
dialog: Seems there was one structural defect. An
dialog: Achilles heel in the insulation system...
text: Mo hurries up to the vid-phone console, pulling change from his
text: pocket, coins bouncing off the concrete floor. He feeds change
text: into the slot, frantically types a number.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT
text: The vid-phone lights up the screen, an incoming call signal
text: flashing across but almost as soon as it begins to RING the
text: receiver is lifted from its hook. Mo’s face flickers across the
text: screen, his eyes wide and nervous.
scene_heading: INT. ROBOT BREAKER'S WAREHOUSE
text: Mo stands clutching the receiver, staring into the fuzzy video
text: monitor. He bangs the side of the console, trying to get a
dialog: picture.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Hello! Hello, Jill?!
text: A soft, electric whir comes over the receiver, almost like the
text: purr of a cat.
text: The screen flickers and for an instant Mo glimpses something. A
text: dark shape staring back at him, eyes like hot coals. Then the
text: line goes dead and the image disintegrates in a HISS of WHITE
speaker_heading: NOISE.
text: The call charge flickers on screen.
text: A stream of coins cascades from the slot, rattling across his
dialog: boots.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT
text: A wisp of blue smoke rises from the vid-phone receiver and the
text: steel hand that holds it tightens its grasp. There is a sound
text: like frying bacon and the receiver slowly begins to melt.
scene_heading: INT. ROBOT BREAKER'S WAREHOUSE
text: Mo leans on the console, groaning to himself, hands massaging his
dialog: forehead.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Jesus... Oh, Jesus... Jill.
text: Then a thought occurs to him and he quickly types another number
text: into the vid-phone, feeding it more change. The phone rings for a
text: while and Mo shuffles his feet uneasily.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Come on...come on...!
text: The screen flickers and a familiar face appears, the sound of
text: distant sitar music coming over the receiver.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Ayuh...
text: He grins at Mo, seemingly naked save for his dark glasses.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Shades! I need your help!
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Hey, uh...wow, um...it's cool, but...right now
dialog: it's, uh, kinda difficult... Do you know what
dialog: time it is?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Listen to me! This is serious! Jill's in danger
dialog: and you've gotta help her!
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: (looking around uneasily)
dialog: Oh, Jeez. Oh...Christ. It had to be tonight.
text: He laughs nervously.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: SHADES
text: My heart feels like an alligator.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: What?! Shades. What's wrong with you?!
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: You know that tab of acid I was saving...?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Oh no...
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Yeah. I dropped it. Like...Christmas can get
dialog: pretty crazy on your own, y'know? I've just
dialog: been sitting here staring at the stars all
dialog: night. The sky's so beautiful...
scene_heading: INT. SHADES' APARTMENT
text: Shades sits cross-legged in front of the console wearing only a
text: pair of boxing shorts, the vid-phone receiver cradled in one
text: hand, candles burning everywhere. Books on eastern philosophy and
text: mysticism are spread on the floor around him, their pages open to
text: intricate mazes and mandalas.
text: The lights in the room are turned down and outside the picture
dialog: window the stars really are beautiful.
text: Shades hears a soft thud and looks up from the console,
text: momentarily distracted.
text: There is a moth outside, beating against the glass, its wings
text: silver in the moonlight.
text: Shades smiles and, getting to his feet, takes a step toward the
text: window, entranced by the waiting stars.
text: He reaches out to touch the glass, Mo's voice growing faint and
text: far away but still insistent.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Hey! Hey! Listen to me! Come back! You've got
dialog: to do this for me! You've got to go down to the
dialog: apartment and get Jill out of there right
dialog: now...Shades?!
text: Shades turns back to the screen. Blinks. Finally nods,
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (with steady force)
dialog: Go get Jill. Bring her to your place and lock
dialog: the door. Got that?
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: What's going on? You in trouble with the cops
dialog: again or --
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I'll tell you later! Just do it! Now!
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Okay, okay. Just let me get my pants on.
text: Shades is trying to climb into his pants. He almost falls over.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Hurry, Shades. I'm counting on you.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: No sweat. I'll be seeing you later, huh?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Yeah, just watch yourself, okay?
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Oh, yeah. Noooooo problem. See ya. Bye.
text: Shades smiles and hangs up the receiver, standing silent for a
text: moment, listening to the dull flutter of the moth's wings beating
text: against the glass.
scene_heading: INT. ROBOT BREAKER'S WAREHOUSE
text: The vid-screen goes dead and Mo turns toward the door, taking a
text: deep breath. He draws the shotgun from holster and checks to make
dialog: sure it's loaded.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Alvy. Call the police and give them my address.
dialog: Then take that thing... that hand... and melt
dialog: it down. Turn up the heat until there's nothing
dialog: left... and I don't want you to think once
dialog: about what it might be worth. It's mine by
dialog: rights, anyway.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Mo --
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (cocking the shotgun)
dialog: Don't argue. Don't say a thing.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: All right, I'll do it. Little bastard's no
dialog: friend of mine.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (heading for the door)
dialog: Thanks, Alvy. Maybe you are human, after all.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: Nah. I've just got a soft spot for an
dialog: endangered species.
text: Alvy points after him with the truncated hand. Mo reholsters the
text: shotgun and steps out the warehouse doors. The night swallows him
dialog: up.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Mark 13 moves slowly through the lounge, infra-red eyes cutting
text: through the gloom, purring contentedly to itself as it examines
text: the main computer terminal and then lollops on toward the bed. It
text: halts, looking down at Jill, registering her sleeping form as a
text: glowing puddle of energy.
text: A printout rattles through its brain.
scene_heading: HEATFORM 35 DEGREES CELSIUS HUMAN
scene_heading: RANGE: 0.5 METERS
text: It reaches almost tenderly toward her and she turns, sighing in
text: her sleep. Then suddenly it pauses, raising its head as if
text: listening for something, its irises widening microscopically.
scene_heading: EXT. SCRAPYARD - NIGHT
text: Alvy walks slowly down an avenue of rusting cars, gingerly
text: clutching the wriggling hand, steam drifting all around him. He
text: stops in front of one of the scrapyard's low brick blast furnaces
text: and stands silent as if in thought. Then with one deft movement
text: he opens the furnace door and hurls the hand inside, immediately
text: SLAMMING the door. He spins a metal wheel, sealing the furnace
text: and turning up the heat. He leans forward, firelight shimmering
text: on his face, peering through the reinforced glass of the narrow
text: furnace window, watching the severed hand scamper frantically
text: around its prison, fingers scratching at the brickwork. Tongues
text: of fire flicker up through a grate in the floor and the hand goes
text: crazy, flinging itself at the window.
text: Alvy steps back, wiping his forehead. The temperature rises and
text: the hand glows red, its outline softening as it begins to melt.
text: There's no way out, but still it refuses to give up, hurling
text: itself again at the walls, still banging frantically at the door
text: now just a jittering ball of fire.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jill comes suddenly awake sitting up in bed, knowing that
text: something is wrong. She looks around to the other side of the
text: bed for Mo. He's not there. Just flat, crumpled sheets. A sharp
text: burst of STATIC comes from the television and she looks to it.
dialog: Something's wrong with the set.
text: The sound is distorted, muted as if underwater, and the image has
text: become vague and shadowy, abstract, tinged with green.
text: She stares at it, shaking her head in confusion. Behind her
text: something glistens in the dark, pulling itself up to its full
text: height, poising like a cobra about to strike.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Mo ?
text: She sees the remote control lying at the foot of the bed and
text: reaches forward to pick it up and that movement is the only thing
text: that saves her. A steel claw whistles past her head, so close she
text: can feel its wind. The mattress shivers beneath her, bulging down
text: under the weight of something only half-glimpsed that's climbing
text: over the head of the bed impossibly quickly.
text: She YELLS, diving head first onto the floor, hitting the ground
text: all wrong, a dreamy puff of feathers going up around her as the
text: creature rips the mattress apart in a frenzy of tearing fabric
text: and thrashing claws.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT IN ADJACENT TOWER BLOCK
text: Lincoln shivers, the remote lead jumping in his hand, not
text: understanding what he sees. Everything across the way is a tangle
text: of movement. Something big, the size of a large dog, has taken
text: the girl’s place on the bed and seems to be eating the mattress.
text: He squints through the lens, trying to figure out what it is, but
text: it refuses to conform with anything he’s seen before. He thinks
text: he glimpses a pair of glowing red eyes and a bobbing, almost
text: human head and shoulders but the arms and legs are all wrong, a
text: blur of motion, limbs twitching like a big, clockwork spider.
text: He sits back, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I’m losing it. I’m fucking losing it.
text: Unable to resist, he bends to the camera again and recoils almost
text: immediately, crying out, retaining only an image of eyes like
text: windows into hell. He can't shake the conviction that whatever it
text: is was watching him right through the lens, waiting for him to
text: take a look, and now it's seen him. Now it knows his face.
text: He sits back, nervously picking at his acne, the beginnings of an
text: idea taking form in his head.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT
text: Jill crouches against the wall, still clutching the remote in her
text: hand, a blizzard of feathers falling all around her.
text: The thing seems to be building a nest in the bed, pulling the
text: sheets tight around itself.
text: She starts to edge past it, crawling slowly backwards toward the
text: door, trying not to look too steadily at it, the childish notion
text: occuring to her that if she can't see it then maybe it can't see
text: her. A sob starts to rise inside her and she bites her lip to
text: stay quiet. When she opens her eyes again the creature is gone.
text: Only the gaping claw marks in the mattress and the twisted sheets
text: remain to show that it even existed. She glances around herself,
text: shivering, eyes straining into the shadows, seeing nothing but
text: the feathers lazily drifting down past the blue strobe of the
text: television screen.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Mo is running, breathing hard, his head thrown back, his coat
text: fluttering around him. A pedi-cab cruises past and he chases
text: after it, raising his hand.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Hey! Taxi! TAXI! STOP!
text: The pedi-cab speeds up and off, Mo giving up, slowing to catch
text: his breath. Then he forces himself on again, moaning softly to
text: himself, his feet keeping time with the beat of the blood in his
dialog: temples.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jill gets slowly to her feet, every muscle in her body tensed,
text: eyes darting from side to side as she backs toward the door. Her
text: foot strikes something and she recoils. She looks down and
text: breaths a sigh of relief, seeing her blow-torch lying on the
text: floor where she left it.
text: She kneels and tentatively lifting it pulls on the trigger
text: igniting a thin blue tongue of gas.
text: She backs toward the doorway, holding the blow-torch at arm's
text: length, feeling comforted by its glow. Then she looks up and
text: something she sees takes her breath away. The android's head is
text: missing from its place in the center of the scrap sculpture.
text: Slowly the truth begins to dawn on her.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh my God...
text: She turns, stepping across the threshold into the darkened
text: hallway crouching defensively, eyes searching the gloom,
text: expecting the worst. She makes it as far as the door and
text: nervously reaches out to type the exit code into the wall
text: console. Her fingers brush the keyboard and in the same instant
text: the doorbell BUZZES. She types in the four digit code and sighs
text: with relief as the door HISSES open on its runners.
text: She starts forward.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Mo... thank God...
text: She freezes in her tracks. A shadowy figure is standing on the
text: threshold. A gust of warm air through the doorway snuffs flame of
text: her torch. Lincoln Weinberg, Jr., lifts a camera to his eye.
speaker_heading: FLASH!
text: Jill jerks back with a YELP. Lincoln lowers the camera, grinning.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Who -- who are you?!
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I'm a neighbor.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What do you want?!
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: (holding out his hand)
dialog: Lincoln Weinberg, Jr.
text: Jill is torn. Immobilized. She doesn't want to let this creep in.
dialog: Doesn't want to join him outside. Doesn't want to stay in here.
text: He's still holding out his hand. She glances back over her
text: shoulder. Shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I thought you might need some help.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Well...
text: He suddenly raises the camera to his eye again. FLASH!
text: She blinks, disoriented, irritated.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Don't mind me. It's a pornographic --
dialog: photographic study I'm...working on...sorry.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What can I do for you?
text: He looks past her.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I wanted to make sure you were all right.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'm fine.
dialog: (pause)
text: My boyfriend's asleep in the other room.
text: Lincoln smiles.
text: She nods,
text: her body.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Your boyfriend.
text: tight-lipped. His eyes dance up and down the length of
text: She suddenly realizes that she's wearing only the
dialog: skimpy kimono --
text: -- and that she has a blow-torch in her hand. She points it at
dialog: him.
dialog: He steps
text: Fevered.
dialog: The door
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: You must have pretty weird taste in men.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Get out.
text: over the threshold. A weird look in his eyes. Intense.
text: He licks his lips.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Listen. I have to talk to you. I know a lot
dialog: about you. I know things about you that you
dialog: probably don't even know about yourself...I
dialog: bet.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (backing away)
dialog: Oh, Jesus...
text: HISSES shut behind him.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Whoops.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh, God, no!!
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: It's okay --
text: The sound of loud HEAVY METAL comes crashing from the lounge and
text: the lights the hallway flicker. Lincoln looks bemusedly around.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Whoa! What's going on around here?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: There's an android running amok in my lounge!!
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: My boyfriend brought it home with him from the
dialog: zone. It must have reactivated itself, I don't
dialog: know how. It was all in pieces! We've gotta get
dialog: out of here!
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: It's okay. Take it easy. We can go to my place.
text: Jill shoves him aside and types a series of digits into the wall
text: console. Nothing happens.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Why doesn't it work?!
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Someone's activated the emergency override. You
text: can only unlock it from the main terminal.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I used to be with the security and surveillance
dialog: company that installed all the remote cameras
dialog: and safety locks in this block a few years ago.
dialog: You made me coffee while I was here.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: I don't remember.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: That's okay. I don't mind.
text: The light flickers again and the music cuts off.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: There is
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
text: It sounds like something's overloading the
dialog: power grid.
text: another abrupt BURST of sound and then silence again.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Mr... Lincoln? I'm scared. Can you get us out of
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Where's the main terminal?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: In the living room. But --
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Don't worry. I know what I’m doing. Here. Gimme
dialog: that.
text: He's reaching for the blow-torch. She's reluctant to hand it
dialog: over.
text: He peels
dialog: He turns
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Come on!
text: it from her grip and heads down the hall.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: All right. Keep talking so I know where you are.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I'm right here.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Please?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: All right.
text: toward the lounge, brandishing the blow torch, while
text: Jill crouches beside the locked door, her back against the wall.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Hello in there. Any androids in there? Come out,
dialog: come out...
text: Lincoln vanishes into the gloom. For a moment there is silence.
dialog: Then the
text: HEAVY METAL MUSIC comes on again, louder than before.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Lincoln!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Lincoln?! !
text: Lincoln's voice comes back to her, yelling from the lounge.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (0.S.)
dialog: It's okay! I'm in here. I've found the terminal.
dialog: There's nothing in here!
text: She furrows her brow doubtfully. After a moment, she tiptoes back
text: into the lounge and sees Lincoln standing beside the bed, staring
text: at the claw marks in the mattress. He looks at her with a bit of
text: a leer.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Hot night, huh?
text: Jill isn't really listening. Her gaze is scanning the room.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: You and the boyfriend really tore up the sheets.
dialog: Heh.
text: She's still looking worriedly about. He follows her gaze.
text: Shrugging.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I told you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Whose?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Your boyfriend's.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: ...Moses.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Moses. Jeez. Some name. He's not around much, is
dialog: he? You should get a guy who doesn't leave you
dialog: alone so much.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You can stop talking now.
text: His face goes blank for a second. Then he grins.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What if i sing? You want me to sing?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I don't care. Just get us out of here.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: (crossing to the console)
dialog: Let's see... um ...how about this?
dialog: (snapping his fingers)
dialog: Dum. Dum. Dum.
dialog: (typing on the keyboard)
text: Oh we all walk the wibberlee wobberlee WALK.
dialog: Oh we all talk the wibberlee wobberlee TALK.
dialog: And we all wear wibberlee wobberlee TIES.
dialog: And we look at all the pretty girls with
dialog: wibberlee wobberlee eyes. Oh - kay! That should
dialog: do it.
text: He gives her an amiable smile. She gestures toward the door with
text: her head.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Good. Let's go.
text: He frowns. Bites his lower lip.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Wait. Why'd you...?
dialog: She just wants out.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Why'd I what?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Nothing. I just wanna...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Wanna what?!
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Your blinds.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What about them?!
text: The window blinds are closed. The ones through which Lincoln was
text: watching her. He starts off toward them, snapping his fingers
text: again. Trying to act casual.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Dum. Dum. Dum. Oh we all sing the the wibberlee
text: wobberlee song. Until day is daw-ning...
text: He crosses the window, making a feeble attempt at dancing,
text: looking quite absurd in his baseball cap and Hawaiian shirt,
text: clutching the blow-torch in one hand.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: And we all have that wibberlee wobberlee feeling
text: in the morning.
dialog: (smiling back at her)
dialog: You don't want to keep these closed. You won't
dialog: see Santa Claus coming.
text: He pulls the sash, opening the blinds. A red light falls across
text: him and his smile freezes. There is a face looking back at him
text: from the other side of the blinds. A thin, malevolent face with
text: eyes like fire, one side dark as night, ablaze with the stars,
text: the other a misty blue blur of airbrushed clouds.
text: It seems to smile at him and he notices that its teeth are
text: hypodermic needles.
text: He realizes that he should try to get back but he can't seem to
text: tear himself away from the creature's gaze. Slowly the angel
text: reaches out for him, the slats of the blinds crumpling around it
text: and as if from a great distance he hears Jill begin to scream.
text: Steel hands enfold him and he feels himself lifted from the
dialog: ground.
text: He gives himself over to the embrace, the blow-torch dropping
text: from his numbed fingers.
dialog: Perhaps this is what he came for.
text: Perhaps this, at last, is love. This angel places a hand on his
text: face as if in absolution. Sparks dance in his eyes and he begins
text: to burn. His legs twitch, dancing in the air.
text: There is a smell like burning rubber.
text: His axial vertebrae dislocates with a sharp CRACK and blue smoke
text: rises in a plume from his hair. Then, in a final instant of white
text: hot ecstacy, the angel slides a power drill into his groin and
text: its electrified fingers punch through his eyes into his brain.
text: Everything lets go at once, blood and urine jetting across the
text: Venetian blinds. To the the android's heat sensors the blood is a
text: liquid, golden light. It opens up more holes with its drill,
text: letting out the light, digging deep into the husk, looking for
text: the source. The light washes over its hands and then begins to
text: fade. Mark 13 lets Lincoln crumple to the floor, still sitting
text: astride him, riding out his final spasms, smoke rising all around
dialog: it.
text: Slowly the light dies.
text: Jill SCREAMS and SCREAMS, trying to shut out the wet tearing
text: sounds as the android disembowels him, the drill WHINING sharply
text: as it grates against one of his ribs.
text: Mark 13 twitches ecstatically, banging Lincoln's head against the
text: floor as it works its fingers ever deeper into his skull.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT DOWNSTAIRS
text: One of the neighbors, a middle-aged Chinese WOMAN in a dowdy blue
text: nightgown, climbs onto a table and begins to BANG on the ceiling
text: with a broom handle.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT
text: Mark 13 drops the messy remains of Lincoln's head with a dull
text: thump, its limbs suddenly still, listening to the banging on the
text: floor, realizing somewhere deep inside it's damaged brain that it
dialog: still has work to do.
text: It pivots around, infra-red eyes searching for the girl.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Jill is frantically stabbing the code into the wall console.
text: She steps back, waiting for the door to open. It doesn't.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No!!
text: She swallows a scream. Trying the code. Trying to rein herself
text: in. Carefully pressing each digit.
text: Nothing happens. She hits the keypad with her fist.
scene_heading: INT. GUARDROOM - NIGHT
text: Chief and Vernon sit hunched over a chess board, CHINESE ROCK N'
text: ROLL turned up to full volume on Chief's transistor radio,
text: echoing off bare concrete walls that are lined with video
text: monitors and pages torn from pin-up magazines. Vernon takes one
text: of Chief's pawns, grinning, the end of his tongue pinched between
text: his front teeth.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Pow! Pow! Pow! Boom!
text: Chief slides his bishop across the board.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Check and mate.
text: Vernon slaps himself on the head.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: Oh, wha! How'd you do that? I didn't see that
dialog: coming.
text: Vernon bends over the board, peering myopically at the pieces,
text: retracing the move.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Sicilian manuever. That's how you beet computers
dialog: when you play 'em. Machines don't understand
dialog: sacrifice and neither do morons.
text: Chief cuffs Vernon hard across the ear, sending him tumbling from
dialog: his stool.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Read some chess books, you jerk!
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: (holding his head)
dialog: Ow! Ow-wow-wow!
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jill is leaning her forehead against the cool metal of the door.
text: Stymied. Something CLATTERS loudly in the room behind her and she
text: turns with a whimper.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE
text: Red light touches the spider web as Mark 13 peers into the tank.
text: It sees movement in the web and detects life but there is no
text: temperature reading. Mark 13 inclines its head as if in thought,
text: then raises one hand, trying to attract the spider's attention.
text: Its steel fingers scratch against the glass but the spider
text: doesn't respond.
text: The android's retina's expand, watching but not understanding.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Jill hears the sound of breaking glass. She feels the urge to
text: scream and raises her hand, biting it hard, almost drawing blood.
text: She peers into the gloom. A soft mechanical whir comes from the
text: darknesss and she pulls back, flattening herself against the
dialog: wall.
text: The whir grows louder and another sound grows with it. The throb
text: of an engine turning over, slowly gaining power, gears whining
text: impatiently. She closes her eyes and jams her hands over her
dialog: ears.
text: Suddenly the lights come on in the hallway and music comes
text: BLARING at full volume.
dialog: "Silent night, Holy night"
text: Jill shakes her head slowly back and forth.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Oh, God, help me...
text: The carol plays on...
dialog: "All is calm, All is bright..."
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE
text: Mark 13's sitting at the central terminal now, riding the
text: console, its nervous system plugged directly into the main frame,
text: sparks flying all around it, fingers twitching wildly across the
dialog: keyboard.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: The lights blink off again and Jill begins to edge down the
text: passage, keeping her back to the wall. The Christmas carol stops,
text: then starts again, coming at her in disorienting spurts. She
text: reaches the kitchen door and the lights go on again, then start
text: to blink rapidly, reaching the hypnotic frequency of a strobe
text: before sparking and shorting out entirely.
text: Jill backs into the darkened kitchen. The timer bell goes off in
text: the microwave behind her and she spins fearfully around. She sees
text: the LED's flashing chaotically on the wall console and her
text: blender WHIRRING out of control, a thin blue ribbon of smoke
text: pouring from its motor.
text: The coffee maker overboils with a splutter and she pulls back as
text: scalding liquid sprays across the counter. She sees a red slow
text: rising from the overheating toaster and an electric carving knife
text: lies WHIRRING and twitching to itself on the sideboard.
text: Then suddenly everthing goes quiet. She looks up, knowing what's
text: going to come next. A movement flickers in the hallway and she
text: sees the gleam of two red eyes cutting through the darkness their
text: beams highlighted like lasers by the drifting smoke. She pulls
text: back against the wall, whimpering, knowing she's come to a dead
dialog: end.
text: Then in a flash of inspiration she realizes something.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (under her breath)
text: Infra-red! The bastard's working on infra-red!
text: She crouches, pulling open the freezer and frantically ripping
text: out its shelves, sending the contents clattering to the floor.
text: She hears the whir of servo-motors as the android approaches and
text: without another thought she climbs into the freezer, curling
text: herself up to make herself as small as possible. She shivers, her
text: bare skin brushing against frosted metal. She rams her hand into
text: her mouth, trying to remain absolutely still, trying not to even
dialog: breath.
text: Infra-red eyes pierce the darkness of the kitchen and the android
text: appears silhouetted in the doorway, its steel claws SCRATCHING on
text: the linoleum. Its head revolves with a WHIR and for a moment its
text: looking right at her, then it looks past her and away, WHIRRING
text: angrily to itself. Suddenly it swings itself across floor so
text: quickly that Jill almost loses sight of it. It reaches out and
text: wrenches the cupboard door off its hinges. There is an explosion
text: of SHATTERING crockery. Jill stifles a yell as shards of broken
text: porcelain rattle to the floor around her.
text: The wreckage subsides and the android freezes, standing inhumanly
text: still, head cocked to one side as if listening. Jill holds her
text: breath, her eyes wandering across the Formica countertop,
text: lighting at last on the thing she's been looking for.
text: The circular power saw she was using earlier that evening, lying
text: now on a shelf opposite the freezer beside her airbrush and two
text: cans of polyurethane spray paint. Then her eyes fall to the space
text: below the shelf and she sees the two cylinders of oxy-acetylene
text: gas and a plan of action begins to take form in her head.
text: She breaths out slowly, watching fearfully as her breath steams
text: in the light of the open freezer.
text: Now the android sees the plume of steam.
text: Now it turns.
text: Now it's looking right at her and she returns its stare without
text: flinching.
text: It hops toward her, head still cocked to one side, heat sensors
text: confused by the cold air streaming from the freezer. It stops
text: only an arm's length away from her and, reaching out blindly,
text: begins to feel its way around the cold spot.
text: Jill cowers back as far as she can, numbed by the cold gradually
text: creeping into her, trying to will herself not to shiver. The
text: android's hand narrowly misses her foot, closing on a jar of
text: mayonnaise. It withdraws the jar, holding it up for closer
text: inspection. Its fingers tighten and the jar shatters, mayonnaise
text: spattering to the floor in big round globules.
text: Jill gasps involuntarily. The android drops the remains of the
text: jar and reaches back into the freezer, its hand feeling its way
text: toward her trembling face. Then from far off in the apartment
text: comes the sound of the doorbell ringing.
text: The android freezes again, deadly still, its fingertips barely an
text: inch from Jill's terrified eves.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - NIGHT
text: Shades stands outside the locked door, shifting uneasily from
text: foot to foot, chewing a piece of bubble gum. He presses the
text: doorbell again, frowning. Then he BANGS on it with his fist.
speaker_heading: SHADES
text: JILL! HEY, JILL! YOU IN THERE?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Jill hears the muffled knocking but doesn't dare move a muscle.
text: She holds her breath, trying not to let her heart beat too fast.
text: The steel hand wavers before her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY
text: Shades shakes his head, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Jeez.
text: He leans back against the railing, crossing his arms and blowing
text: a big, sticky bubble.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: The steel hand wavers and falls, withdrawing from the freezer.
text: Jill breathes out softly.
text: The android takes a step backwards, its head pivoting toward the
dialog: door.
text: Jill inches forward, her eyes on the power saw. It's lying just
text: in front of her, its handle sticking out over the edge of the
dialog: shelf.
text: The android takes another step toward the doorway and Jill slowly
text: reaches out, holding her breath again. The android pauses.
text: Listening. She leans further forward and her hand fastens on the
text: power saw's hilt, her fingers so numb with cold she can barely
dialog: feel it.
text: After that everything happens really fast. The android turns in
text: one fluid movement, its eyes finding her. And Jill is already on
text: her feet, brandishing the power saw with both hands. And the
text: android is coming across the kitchen at her in a horrid blur of
text: motion. And she could swear it's grinning at her. And then the
text: power saw BUZZES into life and she's screaming at the top of her
dialog: lungs.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: EAT THIS! MOTHERFUCKER! ! !
text: The saw descends in a furious arc and the android flings up one
text: hand to shield its face, suddenly realizing its peril. There is a
text: flash of sparks and three of the android's fingers go clattering
text: to the floor where they lie twitching like inch-worms. The saw
text: blade catches the creature in the chest and Jill SCREAMS as a
text: streak of sparks and metal splinters fountain into the air. The
text: android screams, too, and for the first time Jill hears Mark 13’s
text: voice: a terrible mechanical MEWLING, so low it's more felt than
text: heard, like a bass note from a synthesizer.
text: The creature shakes itself, arms flailing wildly, and Jill feels
text: her own arm laid open from the elbow down, almost to the bone, by
text: one of the thrashing talons. There is a sharp metallic CLANG as a
text: claw strikes one of the oxy-acetylene cylinders and a jet of
text: compressed gas begins to SCREAM from a ruined valve. The android
text: lunges backwards, jerking the power saw out of her hands.
text: It collides with the remains of the cupboard and loses its
text: balance, writhing amidst the broken crockery, trying to dislodge
text: the blade from its chest, sparks leaping from its joints.
text: It flings the spinning blade away and the saw sails across the
text: room into the lounge.
text: Jill can't stop screaming but her scream is a cry of rage. She
text: grabs one of the spray cans and then begins to fumble desperately
text: with the valve of the second oxy-acetylene cylinder, blood
text: running in rivulets down her arm. There is a high-pitched WHISTLE
text: and she staggers back as the valve opens, venting the tank's
text: contents in a thin, vaporous stream.
text: Laughing and crying at the same time, Jill tumbles toward the
text: door, coughing as the room fills with gas. The android lunges
text: forward, hydraulic fluid dripping thickly from its chest, and its
text: steel fingers encircle her ankle. She falls with a SHRIEK,
text: clawing at the hall carpet with blood-slick hands, remorselessly
text: pulled back, inch by inch, into the gas-filled kitchen. There is
text: a loud WHINE and she sees the android's drill arm spin into life,
text: reaching slowly up between her bare legs. She brandishes the
text: spray can in one hand and then, reaching in her pocket, she
text: triumphantly withdraws her cigarette lighter.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWAY
text: Mo comes pounding up the last flight of steps, his face livid
text: with exertion.
speaker_heading: MO
speaker_heading: JILL!
text: He sees Shades standing near the apartment door and grabs him,
text: shaking him so violently that his dark glasses almost fly off.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Where is she?!
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Hey, I don't know, man! She wouldn't answer the
dialog: door!
text: Mo practically hurls him down the steps.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: THEN GET HELP! !
text: Mo flings himself against the door, POUNDING his fists on the
text: steel plating.
speaker_heading: MO
text: JILL! JILL! I'M COMING!!
text: He WAILS in frustration, tears welling in his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: The SHRIEK of escaping gas fills the room, almost drowning out
text: the sound of Jill's cries.
text: The spinning drill arm hangs over her, poising itself with
dialog: surgical precision.
text: She lashes out at the android's face with her free foot as the
text: creature hunkers closer to her, its retinas widening in
text: anticipation. She snarls at it, her face twisted in rage and
text: reaching suddenly out with the spray can she draws a line of
text: black polyurethane paint across its eyes. The android WHINES,
text: clutching at its face, and Jill kicks free from its
text: grip, plunging backwards down the corridor.
text: She loses her footing and goes down on one knee as she pulls the
text: pack of Acapulco Gold from her pocket.
text: Already the android is looking for her again, crouching in the
text: kitchen doorway, gathering its energy for another attack. She
dialog: spins the lighter
text: kindling the whole packet, waiting impatiently for the flames to
text: take hold. She looks up, right into the android's eyes, a thin
text: smile touching her lips. Then she staggers to her feet, hurling
text: the blazing cigarette pack and diving for cover. The android
text: reaches out and effortlessly snatches the blazing pack from the
text: air like a star outfielder.
text: Then everything EXPLODES.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWAY
text: The locked door shudders and Mo SCREAMS, flinging himself against
text: the steel plating.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT
text: Jill covers her head with her hands as shards of hot metal rain
text: around her. Her sleeve catches fire and she rolls on the ground
text: to smother it, crawling across the blackened carpet toward the
dialog: lounge.
text: Somewhere a fire alarm has begun to RING.
text: The air seems filled with oily wisps like seeds from a black
text: dandelion and, looking up, she sees that the kitchen simply isn't
text: there anymore. The doorway at the end of the hallway is acting
text: like a chimney, the air shimmering with heat.
text: She catches the flames for a while, half expecting something to
text: move within the inferno and then something does but it is only a
text: blazing wall-fitting subsiding in a cloud of sparks. She stares
text: into the flames until the sweat evaporates and she feels her
text: eyebrows shrivel. Then, satisfied at last, she gets to her feet
text: and limps back into the lounge, cradling her wounded arm against
text: her chest.
text: She stands on the threshold, surveying her apartment. The tangled
text: scrap sculpture. The twisted Venetian blinds and blood-stained
text: walls. The torn sheets and gutted mattress. The melted telephone
text: receiver dangling slackly on its cord. Lincoln's body sprawled
text: beside the window, his Hawaiian shirt dark with drying blood, a
text: white drift of feathers strewn all around him.
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: God, What a fucking mess.
text: The steel door HISSES open at the end of the hall and she feels
text: the cool night wind on her body and she turns to see Mo
text: silhouetted in the doorway, Chief and Vernon on either side of
text: him, craning their necks to see inside.
text: Mo seems frightened.
text: She starts forward, shrugging to show it's all right and then, as
text: if in a dream, she sees him draw his shotgun and level it at her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: GET DOWN!
text: She SCREAMS and dives headlong to the floor, feeling something
text: hot whistle past the back of her neck. She rolls, hugging the
text: carpet, catching a brief glimpse of an inhuman figure standing
text: over her.
text: A writhing, jittering column of living fire.
text: Then the shotgun jumps in Mo's hands and the burning android is
text: blown backwards through the doorway into the lounge. Mo dashes
text: past her followed by the Chief and Vernon and she hears him
text: reload the shotgun.
text: Then someone's standing beside her, lifting her in his arms. She
text: buries her face in Shades' flight jacket and begins to cry.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE
text: Mo stands in the doorway, the shotgun cradled in his arms, Chief
text: and Vernon flanking him, clutching their automatics.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: (looking at the devastation)
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: The android stands beside the console, wisps of flame rising from
text: it like tongues of fire in a religious fresco. As one they level
text: their firearms and the creature lunges toward them, tracking
text: flame across the carpet, emitting a DEEP BASS TONE as it comes.
text: Mo's shotgun leaps in his arms and the creature whirls frenziedly
text: across the room, taking the full force of the blast. Chief and
text: Vernon OPEN FIRE with their automatics, their bullets RICOCHETING
text: off the android's titanium shell. It lunges backwards against the
text: window and the glass in one of the panes CRACKS behind it.
text: It tries to come at them again, its arms tangling in the remains
text: of the Venetian blinds. Mo slips another shell into his shotgun
text: and steps forward, SHOOTING it in the chest. Part of the
text: android's breastplate disintegrates in a mass of sparks and then
text: the window finally gives way.
text: For a moment it teeters on the edge, surrounded by a blizzard of
text: glass, then it is qone, plunging backwards into the night, and
text: all that is left is the ROAR of the city coming through the
text: broken window and the sound of glass and debris cascading to the
text: street thirty floors below.
text: Mo relaxes slowly, coming down.
text: He lowers his shotgun as Chief and Vernon go running past him,
text: looking for a fire extinguisher.
text: He hears something move behind him and turns to see Jill standing
text: in the doorway, staring at the window, her face streaked with
text: tears. He steps toward her, reaching out to take her in his arms,
text: but she pulls away.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Where were you?!
text: She sits down on the end of the bed and begins to tear one of the
text: sheets into strips, bandaging her arm.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Let me look at that.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I can take care of it.
text: Mo decides to remain ouiet. He leans back against the wall by the
text: door. He hears the HISSSS of fire extinguishers coming from the
text: hall. Shades wanders past, whistling through his teeth.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Mama-mia.
text: He kneels next to Lincoln's corpse, shaking his head. Then he
text: looks up at the broken window and the sky beyond. He seems
text: mesmerized by the view. He rises to a standing position. Gazing
dialog: out.
text: Chief turns off the fire alarm and ducks back into the room.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Fire's out. I'm going to call the cops and get
text: an ambulance.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I already had somebody call. They should have
dialog: been here by now.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: There was a big riot downtown. Probably have
text: their hands full. Something about that new bill.
text: Chief ducks back out.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Figures.
text: She stands, broodingly.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Why waste their time forcing birth control on
dialog: us? Why not just send a few of those metal
dialog: fuckers into the streets?
text: She looks at Mo. He doesn't have an answer. She joins Shades at
text: the window, looking out.
text: The smog has cleared and the stars are still bright over
text: rooftops, the the sky a deep, rich blue, and on the far horizon
text: is the first glow of dawn.
text: Jill watches the sky slowly change hue. It is criss-crossed with
text: vapor trails.
text: High up a supersonic jet is barrelling along on the edge of the
text: stratosphere, heading someplace else.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I want out from here. I want to get away.
text: Shades looks at her. Mo has crossed the room and is standing
text: behind her. Shades looks at the floor, steps away from them.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: It's gonna be all right. Things are gonna
dialog: change.
text: She squeezes her eyes shut. Dully:
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: How much worse can they get?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I mean for the better.
text: He puts a hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: ...I'll be here.
text: She sighs raggedly. She almost smiles. Her voice is a hoarse
dialog: whisper.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: For how long?
text: He looks out the window at the changing sky. Then at the back of
text: her head.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: From now on. I’m gonna stay here with you.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: If you'll let me.
text: Several seconds pass. Then she turns to him, a smile flickering
text: on her lips. He gives her a cheeky smile in return. He lets his
text: hand fall to his side.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You'll be safe with me. I'll look after ya.
text: She leans her head against his chest and they wrap their arms
text: tightly around each other.
text: Shades walks out of the apartment, muttering something inaudible,
text: staring at the floor all the way.
text: Suddenly Jill tightens up. She slides her palms up to Mo's chest
text: and draws back. Looking him square in the eye. Realizing
dialog: something...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You never had to go back, did you? That was a
dialog: lie, wasn't it? Your contract is up.
text: He doesn't answer. His face is blank. Then finally he starts to
dialog: shake his head and --
text: -- a blackened steel hand reaches up through the window --
dialog: 
text: and grabs her by the hair!
text: Spinning her around to face the night.
text: Mo starts forward with a CRY but he is only human and thus far
dialog: too slow.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: NO!!!!
text: He catches a fleeting glimpse of a glistening metallic shape
text: clinging like a spider to the outside of the apartment block and
text: he raises his shotgun, trying to take aim, but Jill's body is in
text: the way. Then the android hauls her from his view, pulling her
text: head-first through the broken window, blood spattering around
dialog: her.
text: He hears her SHRIEK and sees her legs kick for a moment before
text: the creature releases her and she falls away into the night.
text: Mo raises the gun, FIRING into the darkness, glass tinkling all
text: around him, his mouth stretched wide LAUGHING, CRYING, SCREAMING,
text: FIRING again and again...
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BLOCK - NIGHT
text: The power line breaks Jill's fall.
text: She lashes out with one hand, grabbing onto the cable, crying out
text: in pain, her feet swinging in space. She reaches up with her
text: other hand to grip the cable more firmly and then just hangs
text: there for awhile, her head drooping.
text: She feels blood running down her body and there is a dull pain in
text: her forehead.
text: She realizes that she's been badly hurt, but she can't get her
dialog: thoughts together much beyond that.
text: She hears someone shouting in the distance and a sound like
dialog: thunder.
text: Mo's voice drifts back to her from earlier that evening, trying
text: to explain something to her in his typical half-joking, half-
text: serious manner, his voice small and faint, coming from a long way
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: They tell you not to look down when you climb a
text: cliff, but why not? The view is beautiful.
text: She smiles at his reassurance.
text: She opens her eyes and looking down sees her bare feet dangling
text: below her, streaked with blood, crimson droplets falling away to
text: the street thirty floors below.
text: She closes her eyes and SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT
text: Mo's head is bowed, hands clenched on the shotgun, eyes tightly
text: shut, when he hears her scream. He lifts his head. Can't believe
text: what he's hearing. Leaps forward and leans out the broken window,
text: his steel hand clutching the buckled frame.
text: Jill is swinging from the power line only a few feet below him,
text: her knuckles white.
text: He starts to clamber through the broken glass stepping out onto a
text: narrow, brick parapet, the night wind murmuring about him.
text: He calls her name and her eyelids flicker.
speaker_heading: MO
speaker_heading: JILL!
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: MO! HELP ME! I'M SLIPPING!
speaker_heading: MO
text: I CAN'T! YOU'RE HANGING ON A POWER LINE! IF I
dialog: TOUCH YOU WE'LL BOTH FRY!
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: HELP ME! GOD!
speaker_heading: MO
text: YOU’VE GOT TO TRY AND JUMP! THERE’S NO OTHER
dialog: WAY!
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I CAN'T DO IT!
text: Mo looks down and sees the startled faces of the downstairs
text: NEIGHBORS peering through the curtains of their living room
text: window, immobile as waxworks.
speaker_heading: MO
text: THERES'S A WINDOW JUST IN FRONT OF YOU! YOU'VE
dialog: GOT TO DO IT!
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I CAN’T DO IT!
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: YOU CAN!
text: Then something moves just below the ledge and Mo goes pale. There
text: is a SPUTTER of shorting wiring and Jill SCREAMS as she hears the
text: electric WHIR of the android's servo-motors. The creature is
text: clinging to a fusebox just below the parapet, drawing in energy,
text: sparks seething like fireflies all around it.
text: Mo levels the shotgun as the creature reaches out toward Jill's
text: dangling body.
speaker_heading: MO
text: JILL! SWING! IT'S COMING!! SWING FOR THE LOVE OF
text: CHRIST! SWING AND JUMP!!
text: Jill starts trying to swing herself toward the window.
text: The android's claw arcs through the air.
text: She gathers momentum, her kimono flapping around her in crimson
text: tatters.
text: The metal claw is inches away and with an EXPLOSION of sparks the
text: power line snaps under the strain and Jill lets go in mid-swing,
text: launching herself with a SCREAM toward the lighted window, the
text: street yawning beneath her.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
dialog: Earlier that evening.
text: Jill falling backwards in the chair, laughing, Mo standing over
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT DOWNSTAIRS - NIGHT
text: The living room window BURSTS in a shower of glass and SCREAMING
text: Chinese people dive for cover as Jill comes crashing feet first
text: into their lives, landing awkwardly on the coffee table, upending
text: a bowl of stale cocktail snacks and coming to rest in a heap on
text: the floor, one leg twisted under her, blood trickling in a thin
text: stream from her nose and pooling on the carpet.
text: It's very red against her pale skin.
text: The severed power cable HISSES and SPARKS, twisting beside her as
dialog: if alive.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE
text: Mo creeps along the parapet, still holding onto the window frame
text: with one hand.
text: He sees the android scrambling to pull itself back into the
text: apartment and he snarls at it, striking it in the face with the
text: butt of his shotgun, trying to break its grip on the ledge.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: GO TO HELL, YOU BASTARD!
text: The creature looks up at him, freezing him with its gaze. Red
text: light glints in Mo's eyes, sweat beading on his forehead.
text: He shivers, trying to look away.
text: The creature seems to be smiling at him, now, a great, groovy
text: death's head grin.
text: Then it simply lets go of the parapet, snaking one hand around
text: Mo's ankle as it falls. Mo YELLS, losing his balance, feeling the
text: window frame give beneath his weight, the street lights spinning
text: far below him.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - NIGHT
text: Shades is already running on the stairs when he sees the door of
text: the apartment downstairs burst open and a distraught Chinese
text: couple come running out onto the landing, screaming for help. He
text: dashes down the flight, pushing past them into the lighted
dialog: doorway.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT DOWNSTAIRS
text: The Chinese woman screams something inarticulate at Shades,
text: grasping at his sleeve and trying to hold him back. He pushes her
text: away and manages to keep at arm's length as he struggles down the
text: corridor into the lounge. He shoves her away and crunches over
text: broken glass as he approaches Jill’s body.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Oh no.
text: He bends and lifts her, her away from the holding her gently in
text: his arms as he drags snaking power cable, chanting a mantra under
text: his breath to try to make things all right.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE
text: Mo clenches his teeth, his eyes bulging as he tries to haul
text: himself back into the apartment. The electric motor in his hand
text: whines in protest, frame on the verge of giving out completely,
text: the window slowly buckling beneath the combined weight of both
text: him and the creature that dangles from his foot. He wants to grab
text: the window frame with his other hand, but can't bring himself to
text: let go of the shotgun.
text: His hand slips slowly downwards, about to give way.
text: He closes his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
dialog: Earlier that evening.
text: Mo kissing Jill lightly on the cheek as she sleeps.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I'll be back.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
text: Mo's ankle dislocates with a sharp CRACK and he SCREAMS.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
dialog: Earlier that day.
text: Shades walking beside him, expounding.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: New York, Max. That's the place to make it, now.
dialog: Think about it.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
text: Mo's eyes tolled back, head tilted back, moaning through clenched
dialog: teeth...
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Don't... call me... Max.
text: Mo laughs, the roar of the street rising all around him...
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jill lying beside him in the dark.
text: His fingers caressing her.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: It's good to have you here, Moses.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: It's good to be here.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THROUGH:
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Jill's body sailing through the picture window, streaked with
text: blood, glass bursting in a spray around her.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
text: Mo SHOUTS, his cry of rage going out over the rooftops. He pulls
text: himself upwards, muscles straining, veins standing like cords in
text: his neck and arms.
text: He hauls himself over the windowsill like a man doing a berserk
text: chin-up under an unfair burden, flinging himself to carpet,
text: landing on his shoulder and rolling, the creature crawling fast
text: up his legs, eyes blazing.
text: A steel claw flashes through the air, talons glinting in the
text: half-light, and Mo reaches out to block the blow.
text: He grasps the android by the wrist with his mechanical hand and
text: squeezes, forcing the arm slowly back, one of its control cables
text: snapping with a loud TWANG like a breaking guitar string.
text: He brings up the shotgun with his other hand, trying to level it
text: at the creature’s head, but it is still too fast for him. It
text: lunges foreward and he feels a sharp, stinging pain as it bites
text: into his forearm.
text: He releases his grip on the creature's hand, slamming his knee
text: into its damaged chest, driving it backwards.
text: The creature regains its balance.
text: Mo rams the shotgun against its head, pulling the trigger on both
dialog: barrels.
text: There is a flash of light and a deafening CONCUSSION and half the
text: creature's head disintegrates in a whirl of sparks, one of the
text: lamp-like eyes snuffing out forever.
text: It rolls SCREECHING and writhing across the floor, clutching at
text: the remains of its head, sparks rising from its exposed brain
text: pan, its face a mess of exposed circuitry and trailing wires.
text: Mo WHOOPS with delight, reloading the shotgun. The creature
text: crawls across the blackened carpet, trying to hide behind the
text: computer terminal.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (chortling)
dialog: You can run...
text: He stands to give chase, but his wounded foot gives way beneath
text: him and he pitches to the floor. He sits up, feeling a dull pain
text: throbbing in his good hand. He raises it and sees two small
text: needle marks in his forearm. A drop of inky fluid oozes slowly
text: from one of the punctures and the veins in his arm are gradually
text: darkening, his skin rising in blisters around the wound.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Oh my God...
text: He looks up and it is as if the apartment is on fire again,
text: psychedelic pinks and blues flickering across the walls. He
text: thinks he sees the damaged android watching him, its steel
text: fingers working on the wiring of the main computer terminal,
text: plugging itself back into the main frame.
text: Everything in the apartment seems to be coming to life now, the
text: scrap sculptures writhing and whispering on the walls,
text: ventilation tubes coiling like snakes across the ceiling and
text: melted babies twisting their heads to watch him with their dead
text: black eyes.
text: He shakes his head wildly from side to side, crying out, trying
text: to hang on to his sanity.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT DOWNSTAIRS - DAWN
text: Jill swims slowly back to consciousness, a ring of faces peering
text: down at her. Several Chinese PEOPLE are watching over her, the
text: Chinese woman who lives there trying to feed her a bowl of soup.
text: Several VAGRANTS and SQUATTERS crowd into the room, lured by the
dialog: commotion.
text: Chief comes pushing through them, clutching a baseball bat, and
text: as if dreaming Jill sees his lips move, saying something, his
text: voice impossibly slow.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Get back. The ambulance is here. We're gonna
dialog: move her, now.
text: She feels something cool on her bending over her face and looking
text: up she sees Shades splashing water on her forehead.
text: Then she tries to sit up, suddenly frightened.
speaker_heading: JILL
speaker_heading: MO!
text: Shades tries to hold her down.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: It's all right! Just stay quiet now.
dialog: Everything's gonna be all right.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: There's nothing you can do.
text: She pushes him away, sitting up, realizing that she's been lying
text: wrapped in a blanket on a couch in the downstairs neighbors'
dialog: lounge.
text: Her eyes search the faces of the onlookers.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: MO! WHERE ARE YOU?!
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT - LOUNGE - DAWN
text: Mo stretches out his steel hand, drawing his boot knife.
text: He clenches his teeth and plunges the knife into his forearm.
text: Blood and black ichor gush from the wound and he BELLOWS with
dialog: pain.
text: He raises his arm, sucking desperately at it, spitting out a
text: mouthful of warm, bitter fluid.
text: He feels his nervous system starting to shut down and he raises
text: the knife again. He knows he has to cut deeper into the infected
text: veins but he can't seem to get it together. He tries to call for
text: help, but all he can emit is a thick, syrupy grunt that goes
text: nowhere, dying in his throat.
text: The apartment is blazing, now, light streaming up from
text: everywhere. He sees Jill's wrought iron owl trying to tear itself
text: off the wall, its steel wings fluttering with impossible life.
text: He feels that he's drowning, sinking down into a floor that has
text: suddenly taken on the consistency of warm mud.
text: Far back in his mind, someone's trying to tell him something.
dialog: Something important that he's forgotten.
scene_heading: INT. ROBOT BREAKER'S WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Alvy hovering over the blueprints.
speaker_heading: ALVY
text: ...were testing a bunch of them out on the dune
dialog: sea, but there was a fuck up. Seems there was
dialog: one structural defect. An Achilles heel in the
dialog: insulation system...
text: The dwarf points at one of the diagrams and Mo feels himself
text: falling forward, lost in the spinning schematic that unfolds
text: before him and turns into a glowing, computer-generated mandala.
text: He realizes that he has lost consciousness and struggles to find
text: his way out of the maze and back to sanity. Alvy's face swims
text: before him, grotesquely distorted, emerging from a sea of
text: circuitry. It points at him and grins.
speaker_heading: ALVY
dialog: ...in the insulation system!
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE
text: Mo cries out, his eyes snapping open, the knife still clutched in
text: his hand.
text: The android is sitting astride the main terminal, now, drawing
text: power out of its matrix, slowly gaining strength once more.
text: It raises its arms like the branches of a metal tree and somehow
text: it seems insanely beautiful.
text: Like the Rig Veda. Goddess Kali and the dance of death.
text: He begins to laugh.
text: Jill's voice comes to him again, whispering from another time
dialog: stream.
speaker_heading: JILL (V.0.)
dialog: Ooh! Jesus God! He's beautiful...
speaker_heading: ALVY (V.0.)
dialog: It can kill you in seconds and even make you
dialog: enjoy it.
speaker_heading: JILL (V.0.)
dialog: What a monster.
speaker_heading: ALVY (V.0.)
dialog: ...enjoy it...
text: He looks into Mark 13's eyes and smiles, finding comfort in the
text: red glow.
text: He no longer fears it.
dialog: In the end everything was perfect after all.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT DOWNSTAIRS - DAWN
text: Jill struggles to her feet, on the edge of panic, now, the
text: onlookers crowding in around her.
speaker_heading: JILL
speaker_heading: MOSES!
text: Chief steps forvard putting a hand on her shoulder, trying to
dialog: calm her.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Please, Jill. Listen to me. You can’t --
text: She shoves him hard in the chest and he staggers back. She
text: snatches the baseball bat from his hands and begins to push
text: through the crowd, feeling something grafting inside her leg.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: I'M COMING, MO! JUST HANG ON!
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE
text: Mo no longer has the strength to laugh. The knife wavers and
text: falls from his hand and he steps forward out of his body into
text: Jill's waiting arms.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Fun, huh?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (ruffling his hair)
dialog: Don't go, Moses. Don't ever go away again.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I'm not going anywhere.
text: They kiss and the kiss goes on forever.
text: Then he's back leaning against the wall on the floor, his eyes
text: closed, his head dropping slowly forward, mouth slack, heart beat
dialog: slowing...
text: There is a sound: a growing high-pitched WHINE. It might be in
text: his head.
text: He whispers, but no one is there to hear him.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I'm sorry...Jill...
text: Then he is still. Lifeless. The only sound in the room is the
text: approaching metallic WHINE.
text: The android is holding aloft Jill's circular saw.
text: It hunkers over Mo's crumpled form, the saw blade a whirling
dialog: blur.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWELL - DAWN
text: Jill struggles painfully up the steps, clutching the baseball
text: bat, the blanket tied around her like a cloak. She turns to glare
text: down at the gathering mob, threatening them with the bat to keep
text: them at bay as a red dawn breaks across the rooftops.
text: Shades and the Chief stand at their forefront. Shades holds out
text: his hands to her.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Okay, Jill, that's enough. What do you think
dialog: you're going to do with that?
text: She swings the bat at him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: GET AWAY FROM ME!
text: Shades leaps back with a YELP and Jill drags herself up onto the
text: landing in front of her apartment, holding onto the railing for
text: support. The door is open.
text: Vernon is peering warily into the apartment, squeezing his
text: automatic tightly in a sweaty grip. He jumps, startled, as Jill
text: nears him.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Get out of my way, Vernon!
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: You don't want to go in there, Miss Monroe.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: I SAID GET OUT OF MY WAY, GODDAMNIT!!
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: It's still in there!!!
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: So IS MO!!
text: Vernon glances over her shoulder. Jill spins around to find the
text: Chief coming up to grab her. She swings the bat at his head
text: YELLING at the top of her lungs.
text: Chief takes a step back, startled more by her shriek than the
dialog: bat.
text: Jill turns and makes a dash for the open door, wincing at the
text: pain in her leg.
text: Vernon starts forward and she swings the bat at him, clipping him
text: in the side of the head with a hollow THOK. He reels back, dazed.
text: She limps quickly across the threshold into the darkened
dialog: apartment.
text: Behind her the Chief and Vernon are yelling at each other but she
text: doesn't look back.
scene_heading: INT. JILL'S APARTMENT
text: Jill staggers across the burned-out hallway, heading for the
text: lounge, her own head throbbing, filled with fire. She reels
text: drunkenly, leaning on the bat for support.
text: She knows she's nearing the limit of her strength but there's
text: something she has to do.
text: Behind her, Vernon starts across the threshold, Chief and Shades
text: right behind him.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE
text: The android is still plugged into the main terminal. It senses
text: the movement in the hall and reaches out, fingers darting across
text: the keyboard, the exposed matrix of its brain glowing with light.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: There is a HISS of hydraulics and the apartment door slides home
text: on its runners, its control circuits sparking, close to overload.
text: Chief sees the door closing and makes a dive for it.
text: He doesn't make it.
text: The door catches him just above the hips, squeezing him against
text: the frame, driving the wind out of him, his body armor CRUMPLING.
text: The hydraulics SQUEAL. The door automatically reopens.
text: Chief gasps, trying to get up, but there seems to be something
text: wrong with his legs.
text: Shades grabs him by the feet, trying to pull him back across the
dialog: threshold.
text: Vernon turns, too slow, his gaze meeting Chief's for a moment.
text: Chief's eyes are wide with fear.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE
text: The android hits the keyboard again, overloading the system.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: The door RAMS home on its pistons and the Chief's body unhinges
text: at the waist.
text: His arms twitch, his mouth wide open, vomiting a dark jet of
text: blood so thick it's almost solid.
text: Shades staggers back against the railing, still clutching Chief's
dialog: legs.
text: Vernon falls to his knees and throws up on the carpet.
text: Jill looks away, sobbing, staggering into the lounge, the
text: baseball bat raised in front of her.
text: Behind her, the door begins to slice open and closed, over and
text: over, the runners greased with blood, sparks showering from the
text: control console.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE - DAWN
text: Jill slowly crosses the room, glancing warily about. Then she
text: sees Mo and starts forward with a gasp, kneeling beside him,
text: momentarily forgetting her own peril. She touches him and his
text: head tips slackly to one side. Behind the half-closed lids his
text: eyes are dull as marbles. Jill shivers, a sob rising inside her
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh, Mo...Mo... Why couldn't you wait for me...?
text: She reaches out, softly touching his face, straightening his
text: hair, leaning forward as if to kiss him...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I love you...
text: She notices that she’s kneeling in a pool of blood that has
text: spread beneath him.
text: His left arm is folded under his torso.
text: She turns him over.
text: His robot prosthetic hand is missing, severed from his wrist.
text: Dark fluid drools from the stump.
text: Jill recoils with a gasp, staggering to her feet.
text: She turns, brandishing the baseball bat, screaming, minding
text: tilting slowly into madness.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: GOD DAMN YOU!!!
text: But the android is already gone from behind the console. She can
text: see no sign of it but knows it must be somewhere close.
text: She hears a stealthy movement behind her and spins around ina
text: black rage.
text: Vernon is standing in the doorway, pale with shock, automatic
text: clutched in his trembling hands.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: What are we gonna do now?!! We can't get out!!
text: WHAT ARE WE GONNA FUCKING DO?!!!
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (raising the bat)
dialog: SHUT UP! You want me to hit you with this
dialog: again?! !
text: Vernon vehemently shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Then just shut the fuck up!
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: But...but...it's gonna kill us. It got the
dialog: Chief. You can't stop it. We're gonna die!
text: She turns slowly, scanning for the creature, nodding.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Yeah, eventually. Not today.
speaker_heading: VERNON
dialog: You...promise?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Cross my heart and... you know the rest.
text: She hobbles over to the computer terminal. Vernon steps warily
text: into the room, his eyes searching the wreckage. He sees a dark
text: stain on the floor and stares at it. A drop of hydraulic fluid
text: hits him on the cheek and he glances up at the ceiling.
text: Mark 13 grins down at him, hanging from the light fixture, one
text: hand plugged into the power socket.
text: Vernon has just enough to time to let out a strangled yell before
text: the creature grabs him by the face and lifts him off the floor.
text: His automatic falls to the carpet, discharging a single shot.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: NO! NO! NO!
text: Vernon's feet shudder in mid-air and then begin to smoke as
text: current surges through him.
text: Jill covers her eyes as the creature flings the security guard
text: against the wall like a big, broken doll, and jumps eagerly down
text: after him.
text: Through her fingers she sees Mark 13 scuttle over to the wall
text: console that used to control the lighting and stereo system and
text: plug one hand into the power matrix.
text: It shudders orgasmically, drawing more energy into its storage
text: battery and beginning to carve up Vernon's twitching body with
text: its drill arm.
speaker_heading: JILL
text: WHY DON'T YOU COME AFTER ME, YOU LITTLE POWER
dialog: JUNKIE?! YOU SCARED?!
text: The android glances back at her over its shoulder as if caught in
text: the midst of a sexual act.
text: It shifts uneasily, dragging Vernon's body deeper into the
text: shadows, as if embarrassed.
text: Then something occurs to Jill.
text: She bends over the computer terminal, frantically tyoing a series
text: of digits into the keyboard.
text: A complex map of the apartment's power grid flashes across the
text: terminal's visual display.
text: She grins, pinpointing the android and typing in another command.
text: The android's brain matrix appears on the screen and she looks up
text: to see that the creature has turned once again and is watching
text: her with its single, baleful eye.
speaker_heading: (PAGE MISSING)
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You have been programmed incorrectly! I am not
dialog: the enemy and this is not the zone. I am an
text: unemployed scrap sculptress and this is a
dialog: residential building.
text: The android seems to be thinking. Then:
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You need to be reprogrammed. What is your memory
dialog: bank access code?
speaker_heading: MARK 13
dialog: Access code classified.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: How does your brain work. Tell me about your
dialog: design.
speaker_heading: MARK 13
dialog: Oh.
text: We all walk the wibberlee wobberlee WALK
dialog: And we all talk the wibberlee wobberlee TALK
dialog: And we all wear wibberlee wobberlee TIES
dialog: And we look at all the pretty girls with
dialog: wibberlee wobberlee EYES
dialog: Oh!
text: In a blur the android disengages itself from the wall console and
text: comes CLATTERING across the room at her.
text: She swings the bat, STRIKING it hard in the head.
text: Sparks shoot from its exposed brain and it stumbles back a step
text: as Jill retreats toward the door.
text: It comes at her again and she swings the bat once more, YELLING
text: as the impact shivers up her arm.
text: She stumbles into the hallway, whirling the bat around her in an
text: attempt to keep the android at bay.
text: She turns, catching a glimpse of Shades watching helplessly from
text: the other side of the malfunctioning door.
text: Her guard falters for a second.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: JILL WATCH OUT!
text: She spins around and the android is almost upon her.
text: She YELLS, an animal cry of rage, BATTERING crazily at the
text: android’s head and exposed brain, keeping it at bay as she backs
text: down the hall.
text: She braces herself against the bathroom door, making a stand as
text: the android comes at her again.
text: She lashes out but the android deflects the blow and she loses
text: her grip on the bat, sending it CRASHING through the glass shower
dialog: partition.
text: One of Mark 13's claws catches her on the jaw and she reels
text: backwards, landing awkwardly on the tile floor of the shower
text: cubicle, the cut in her scalp reopening, blood trickling down her
text: forehead into her eyes.
text: Her hand fumbles blindly across the broken glass, reaching for
text: the handle of the baseball bat.
text: Mark 13 comes at her fast, now, talons SCRATCHING across the wet
text: tiling, pinning her down with its newly-acquired prosthetic hand.
text: The red warning light on the back of the other hand blinks to
dialog: life.
text: She SCREAMS.
text: A severed power cable SPUTTERS in the creature's damaged chest
text: but nothing happens. Jill realizes why the android had to plug
text: itself into the power socket before electrocuting Vernon.
text: Mark 13's drill arm WHIRS to life, telescoping out toward her
text: about to finish something it started once before. Jill SCREAMS,
text: her head twisting from side to side, her legs thrashing, her
text: hands clawing in vain at the android's armored breastplate.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWAY - DAWN
text: Shades watches miserably through the swiftly opening-and-closing
text: door. Breathing in and out through his nose. Mouth shut tight. He
text: closes his eyes at the sound of another SCREAM.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWELL - DAY
dialog: Earlier that day.
text: Mo turned to Shades on the stairs. Looking at him seriously.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: ...When I'm not around. See nothing happens to
dialog: her, okay? Promise me that?
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWAY - DAWN
text: Shades opening his eyes and mouth. Drawing a long breath.
text: Stepping back. Watching the door SLAM open and closed.
text: Counting under his breath.
text: Closing his eyes again.
text: Humming softly to himself.
text: Trying to match the tone of the electrical pulses that power the
dialog: door.
text: He opens his eyes and jumps, sailing across the threshold with a
dialog: tremendous leap that would have made a samurai warrior proud.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Shades stumbles over Chief's torso and sprawls on the charred
text: floor as the door SLAMS shut behind him with lethal force. He
text: sits up, staring at the door in disbelief.
text: Then he hears Jill SCREAM again and he starts to his feet,
text: prising the automatic from Chief's grip and heading toward the
dialog: bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWER - DAY
text: Jill's fingers fasten on the baseball bat.
text: Grasping if with both hands she SLAMS it into the android's
dialog: throat.
text: It backs off an inch and she struggles violently to squirm out of
text: its grasp.
text: The drill spins only inches awav from her flesh.
text: Its mouth snaps at her, hvpodermic teeth dripping venom.
text: Its claws tangle in her blanket and the fabric TEARS loudly as
text: she pulls away.
text: She kicks the android in the chest, breaking one of her toes and
text: hurtling backwards, pulling right out of the blanket.
text: The blanket is still warm and for a moment the android is plainly
text: confused. The drill bites into empty cloth and Jill inches away.
text: The android looks up, clutching the rags.
dialog: Knows it’s been tricked.
text: Then Shades is suddenly in the doorway, leveling the Chief's
text: automatic at the android's head.
text: The gun jumps in his hand and the bullet WHINES off the
text: creature's armor plating, RICOCHETING around the cubicle in a
text: spray of glass.
text: Jill SCREAMS and ducks and the android turns to Shades, looking
text: at him as if he were no more a distraction than a fly. Shades
text: stares back, red light glinting in his dark glasses. It is as if
text: he hears a countdown for a lift-off echoing in his mind.
text: The android tenses, preparing to spring.
text: Shades levels the gun again, finger tightening on the trigger.
text: Jill tries to regain her footing but her leg no longer seems to
dialog: respond.
text: She reaches for something to grab hold of. Her hand falls on the
text: hot water tap. She tries to lift herself. The tap just spins
text: under her weight and all she manages to do is turn on the shower.
text: Steaming water sprays from the shower head and the android's heat
text: sensors go crazy.
text: Jill backs off, inching away as the creature runs amok, arms
text: flailing in all directions, clawing at the falling water and
text: trying to grab hold of the steam, the shower partition
text: disintegrating around it in a cloud of pulverized glass.
text: To Mark 13 the water is a stream of golden light.
text: There is light everywhere, now, even covering its chassis, and it
text: reaches out toward the source of the light, a coruscating sun-
text: like object on the cubicle wall.
text: It reaches toward the shower head.
text: It feels the light slowly seeping into its body. Seeping into its
text: mind. Setting its mind on fire.
text: It begins to understand.
text: Hot water sprays across its eyes, driven in rivulets across its
text: metal chassis.
text: Jill sees a flurry of sparks begin to rise from its exposed
dialog: brain.
text: The android emits a deafening, high-pitched mechanical SCREECH as
text: it shorts out, its arms pinwheeling out of control.
text: The prosthetic hand is tearing at the android's own wiring.
text: Jill suddenly understands and turns both faucets on full.
text: The android writhes beneath the gently spray, a haze of smoke
text: filling the air. It falls on its back, twitching spastically,
text: arms a blur of motion, glass scattering all over.
text: Its brain matrix burns out in a burst of blue sparks and then at
dialog: last it lies still.
text: The sharp, electric smell of burning insulation hangs heavily in
dialog: the air.
text: Shades takes a step forward, lowering the gun, staring at the
text: deactivated android in disbelief.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Jesus...
text: The smoke thins, affording them a clear view of Mark 13's
text: motionless carcass lying sprawled on its back in a shallow
text: puddle. The spray rings lightly on its chassis, dripping across
text: its mangled face, pooling in its one remaining eye socket,
text: leaking deeply into its lifeless circuits.
text: With a CRY of rage Jill somehow gets to her feet and starts
text: forward, dancing naked over its body, BEATING at its head with
text: the baseball bat, SCREAMING and SCREAMING, the blood running off
text: her in pink rivulets.
text: She beats at it until its head is nothing but a tangle of twisted
text: microchips and the bat splinters in her blistered hands.
text: Shades puts a hand on her shoulder and she turns with a snarl,
text: threatening him with the remains of the bat. He holds his hands
text: up to her.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: Jill! Listen to me! Listen...! It's over! You
dialog: killed it. It's dead. Look.
text: He kicks the android. It makes a hollow PLONK.
speaker_heading: SHADES
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: It's not going to get up. It’s finished. Okay?
text: Jill stands beneath the hot spray, rubbing her eyes and at last,
text: unnoticed, she lets the tears come, joining the rivulets of warm
text: water already running down her body.
text: Shades takes off his flight jacket and drapes it around her
text: shoulders. Jill drops the remains of the bat and lets him lead
text: her from the cubicle.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE - DAY
text: The rising wail of police sirens.
text: The clock radio flicks to "6:00 A.M."
text: A cheesy electronic JINGLE heralds the new broadcast day. The
text: deejay addresses the devastated lounge, a pulsebeat of heavy
text: metal in the background.
speaker_heading: ANGRY BOB
dialog: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen! This is
dialog: Angry Bob and you are listening to W.A.R. Radio,
dialog: somewhere on your dial, and I am here to wake
dialog: you up! We got some real good news from the
dialog: Department of Defense todav. They're finally
text: moving forward with the long-delayed Mark 14
dialog: project -- I don't know what it is and I don't
dialog: care, but if you've got any kind of security
dialog: clearance at all, get your unemployed ass down
text: to Central Robotics first thing Monday morning.
dialog: Things are looking up. Just one more reason ta
dialog: celebrate on this great day, when we honor the
dialog: birth of that very special man...and...yet he
dialog: was not a man...
dialog: (beat )
dialog: 
dialog: This is Angry Bob wishing you and yours a very,
dialog: merry Christmas!
text: A HEAVY METAL version of "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing" comes up
text: loud as another day begins outside the apartment.
text: The bodies of Mo, Vernon, Chief and Lincoln lie very still
text: listening to the radio as it gradually gets light.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHOWER - DAY
text: Mark 13 lies motionless. Water falls all around it. The
text: prosthetic hand is reaching skyward as if to touch the rain.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: ROLL END TITLES.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
