dialog: Hardball
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Lewis Colick
dialog: based on the novel, "Hardball"
dialog: by Daniel Coyle
dialog: revisions by
dialog: Carl Franklin and John Gatins
dialog: May 3, 1999
scene_heading: EXT. ST. JOHN'S CATHOLIC CHURCH - NIGHT
text: It's a windy march night in Chicago as CONOR O'NEILL
text: climbs the steps of St. John's church.
text: He pauses at the top of the stairs to take a long pull
text: off a bottle in a brown bag. He enters the dark
dialog: church.
scene_heading: INT. ST. JOHN'S CATHOLIC CHURCH - NIGHT
text: CONOR pours himself into the last pew and unhooks the
text: bow-tie of his rented tux. He's more exhausted than
dialog: any 29 year old needs to be. A PRIEST leaving the
text: church spots Conor and approaches him. The PRIEST is
text: wearing street clothes and carries his formal work
text: clothes an a hanger.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I gotta lock up son.
text: CONOR nods in understanding while not breaking his
text: drunken stare. The PRIEST senses CONOR's unhappiness.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (cont'd)
dialog: You looking for faith?
dialog: Forgiveness?
text: CONOR gets up to leave. He looks at the Priest.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm looking for Milwaukee to
dialog: beat the spread.
text: CONOR leaves the church.
scene_heading: EXT. DUFFY'S BAR - NIGHT
text: CONOR bolster's his courage by finishing the bagged
text: pint and tossing it in the alley. He exhales before
text: entering.
scene_heading: INT. DUFFY'S BAR - NIGHT
text: The typical Irish bar is alive with the sounds and
text: smells of basketball and stale beer. Heads turn when
text: they see CONOR enter, obviously an unwelcome regular.
text: The bartender grabs CONOR by the jacket.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Conor are you nuts?
text: CONOR pulls free and grabs a bowl of nuts off the bar.
text: CONOR flings the nuts on the ground.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: These are nuts.
text: CONOR stumbles into a bar patron who shoves him out of
text: the way. It's clear in the light that CONOR is drunk
text: and probably has been all day. The BARTENDER has
text: caught up to him.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Duffy's here, you better have
dialog: his money.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I got it.
text: The BARTENDER looks incredulously at CONOR who fesses
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I'm gonna have it, what's the
dialog: score?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You're into Duffy for at
dialog: least 5 grand, who gave you
dialog: an account?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I laid 6 grand with Barber,
dialog: to get me even.
text: CONOR has locked his drunken eyes on the TV above the
text: bar that barks out the Bulls game.
speaker_heading: BAR FLY
dialog: Bulls by 7.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I got Milwaukee gettin'
dialog: eleven.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
text: Two minutes to go.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah baby, keep the clock
dialog: runnin'.
text: A young guy wearing an identical tux appears next to
text: CONOR. This is JIIMMY. Behind him are two BRIDE'S
text: MAIDS in poofy peach satin gowns.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I can't believe you, you
dialog: split Mikey's wedding to come
text: to Duffy's.
text: CONOR doesn't even acknowledge his fellow groomsman as
text: he addresses the TV.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Stop! What are they fouling
dialog: him for?!
text: JIMMY shakes his head but stays with CONOR. CONOR is
text: locked on the TV.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: C'mon there's only a minute
dialog: left it's over.
speaker_heading: BAR FLY
dialog: Jordan's hit 16 free throws
dialog: in a row. That's 17.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Bulls by nine, hang on. Just
dialog: hang on.
text: DUFFY is a big burly Irish guy who comes out of a back
text: office lead by the BARTENDER who obviously tipped him
text: off about CONOR.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: You didn't bet the Barber
dialog: with my money? Right
dialog: O'Neill? You're not that
dialog: stupid.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Shut up Duffy, in 18 seconds
dialog: you'll have your money.
text: They all study the screen. Jordan steals the ball and
text: attempts to run the court but is tackled by Ray Allen.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: That's okay even if he makes
dialog: them both, it's eleven. I
dialog: push. I'm even.
speaker_heading: BAR FLY
text: Flagrant foul, he shoots one
dialog: for that first.
text: CONOR throws his hands in the air and hollers his
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: That's bullshit!
speaker_heading: BAR FLY
dialog: That's 18 in a row.
text: We watch the screen now as Jordan is smiling, taunting
text: the Milwaukee Bucks as he stands on the line. Six
text: seconds left with two free throws to go and the Bulls
dialog: up 10.
text: JORDAN launches the shot, it hits the front of the
text: rim, hops over it, hits the back board and falls
text: through the hoop.
text: The ugliest free throw in history. CONOR nearly jumps
text: out of his skin.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: How the hell did that fall?!
text: JORDAN laughs at his own luck and resets for his last
text: attempt. He sets, throws, nothing but net. BULLS by
text: 12, the Bucks in-bound the ball and immediately begin
text: shaking hands as they let the last couple of seconds
text: tick off the clock.
text: CONOR has gone silent as he instinctively starts
text: drinking someone else's scotch off the bar.
text: CONOR gets shoved by the man he stole the drink from.
text: DUFFY begins to approach him.
text: CONOR makes his way towards the door.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Grab him!
text: CONOR rushes out the door and into the street. He
text: takes off but a side door opens and the BARTENDER
text: grabs him.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Get off a me.
text: The BARTENDER squeezes him with his forearm.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: That's a hairy arm, I bet you
dialog: shave your ass.
text: The BARTENDER punches CONOR in the head with his free
text: hand. CONOR wobbles from the blow but the BARTENDER
text: keeps him standing.
text: The bar has emptied to the street as DUFFY approaches
text: CONOR. DUFFY clocks CONOR blind side and he drops
text: like a rag doll from the grip of the BARTENDER.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: I'm first O'Neill, you pay me
dialog: first.
text: The crowd is silent as they watch the drunk and now
text: injured CONOR attempt to regain his feet. It's like
text: watching a two year old walk as CONOR takes a stumbly
text: step before standing upright. He addresses the
dialog: assembly.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You wanna beat my ass?
text: CONOR stumbles towards a parked car, he violently
text: punches his hand through the driver side window.
text: The crowd is motionless as he again turns to them,
text: blood pouring from his hand. He howls now...
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: NO ONE CAN KICK MY ASS BETTER
dialog: THAN I CAN!
text: CONOR careens towards the crowd wildly waving his
text: bloody hand. He suddenly changes course and lowers
text: his head, ramming it through the window of Duffy's
dialog: bar.
text: To the gallery's surprise, CONOR rises unsteadily and
text: makes a lame lunge at the crowd before falling almost
text: face first an the pavement.
text: JIMMY rushes to him and the crowd seems to disperse.
text: DUFFY and the BARTENDER stand over CONOR's body. We
text: hear the sound of sirens growing closer as we fade
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO POLICE STATION - DAY
text: The classic jail sound of metal hitting metal wakes
text: CONOR who's been asleep sitting on the floor. He
text: lifts his head from his knees and stares out at a
text: familiar voice.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Conor, it's Ticky. IT'S
dialog: TICKY!'
text: TICKY is a thirty-some year old ticket scalper who
text: wears a quilted BULL's jacket and a BULL's National
text: Champs painter's cap backwards.
text: A COP leads CONOR from his small holding cell. We now
text: see that the blood stains on the raffle of his rented
text: tux shirt match the makeshift bandage on his right
text: hand. The large square bandaid on his forehead
text: doesn't quite cover the scrape that's now marked with
text: dark purple blood crust.
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO POLICE STATION LOBBY - DAY
text: The COP pulls CONOR by the handcuffs to a large wooden
text: bench in the lobby. TICKY watches as the COP
text: routinely cuffs CONOR to the iron arm of the bench.
text: CONOR offers in a weak voice...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Ticky, did you call my
dialog: sister?
text: TICKY leans close to CONOR in an effort to hear him.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Did you call my sister?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Damn, you got zactly's
dialog: breath?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Zactly's breath?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Your breath smells zactly
dialog: like your ass. Damn, that's
dialog: nasty.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Where's my sister?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: She's comin' to get you, but
dialog: came for the tickets.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Which ones?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You got two pair on the floor
dialog: for the Bulls Rockets.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah but you're not in on
dialog: those remember? I'm gonna
dialog: hawk those myself, the game's
dialog: not till 7.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: It's 5.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Just tell me where they are.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Shit, under the
dialog: uh...religious statue on my
dialog: dresser.
text: TICKY's already leaving.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Wait, Ticky I want 1200,
dialog: Ticky!
text: CONOR slumps against the wall, he pulls his head back
text: in pain. We hear the sound of pointy heels clicking
text: pertly an the ground.
text: KERRY O'NEILL appears with her older fiancée FRANK
text: TORTORICI. KERRY is 23 going on 40 with over done
text: nails and jewelry.
text: FRANK is 40 going on 60 with a nebulous connection to
text: the construction business in urban Chicago. KERRY
text: stares disapprovingly at her older brother
speaker_heading: KERRY
dialog: This is gonna cost Frank
dialog: eight hundred and fifty
dialog: dollars.
dialog: (commanding Frank)
dialog: Frankie go pay the guy.
text: FRANK jumps to obey KERRY's command.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Frank, I really-
speaker_heading: KERRY
dialog: This is the last time, you're
dialog: scarin' me Conor. You're
dialog: just like Dad it breaks my
dialog: heart -
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm not just like Dad!
speaker_heading: KERRY
dialog: Yeah?! Duffy called the
dialog: house today and said you
text: smashed up his bar sounds
dialog: like dad to me!
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Kerry -
speaker_heading: KERRY
dialog: How many tickets you gonna
dialog: scalp to pay for that? Huh?
dialog: You'll be scalping tickets
dialog: for Barney and Friends on
dialog: ice, I swear to God.
text: KERRY starts walking away as the COP returns with
text: FRANK to uncuff CONOR from the bench.
scene_heading: EXT. BRICK APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: We see CONOR get out of FRANK's late model Buick and
text: make his way up the stoop of an apartment building in
text: Rogers Park. An extremely modest neighborhood that
text: sets the border between the exquisite Gold Coast and
text: the ghetto ghost town of the Cabrini Green housing
dialog: projects.
scene_heading: INT. CONOR'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: We hear the shower running as we pan the small one
text: bedroom apartment. A cheap lamp lights the statue of
text: Mary Magdalen standing an the desk. An old wooden
text: color console TV playing a basketball game lights the
text: rest of the cluttered room.
text: A double mattress on the floor is at home with the
text: sneakers and other clothes that take up most of the
text: walking space.
text: A Julius Erving poster inhabits the otherwise sparse
text: walls. It appears as though CONOR has lived here a
text: long time with no attempts to decorate. The shower
text: stops and we can now hear the sound of the TV playing
text: a post game show.
text: CONOR steps from the bathroom wearing a CUBS beach
text: towel around his waist, obviously a give away from a
text: promotional day at Wrigley. CONOR holds a hand towel
text: to the cut on his forehead.
text: The doorbell rings. CONOR is immediately wary, he
text: grabs an aluminum softball bat and steps to the side
text: of the door.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: It's Ticky, let me in.
text: CONOR tosses the bat silently on the bed and begins
text: unlocking the door.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Ticky, thank God, I really
dialog: need that money...
text: (as he opens the
dialog: door)
dialog: How much did you get for the
dialog: tickets?
text: CONOR opens the door to see TICKY get shoved aside by
text: TwO GUYS. They immediately pin the toweled CONOR
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: BARBER'S SON
dialog: O'Neill, you remember me?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: They grabbed me outside the
dialog: United Center-
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Barber's son.
speaker_heading: BARBER'S SON
dialog: O'Neill, do you even remember
dialog: making that call from Michael
dialog: Pistone's wedding?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Get off a me.
speaker_heading: BARBER'S SON
dialog: You spoke to me, and you said
dialog: "It's O'Neill number 55
dialog: what's my limit?" I checked
dialog: number 55 and I saw it had a
dialog: six grand limit.
text: CONOR shoves him but BARBER'S SON slams
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: BARBER'S SON
dialog: I took your six grand on
dialog: Milwaukee and it went down so
dialog: I asked my dad about O'Neill
dialog: on account 55 and he said the
dialog: guy on that account died six
dialog: months ago.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Tell the Barber-
speaker_heading: BARBER'S SON
dialog: You bet six grand on your
dialog: dead father's account, and
dialog: now you owe my very alive,
dialog: very pissed off father 6600.
dialog: him harder
text: BARBER'S SON pins him further up the wall.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: C'mon let me down I'm ina
dialog: towel would you relax, I'm
dialog: not goin' anywhere.
text: BARBER'S SON lets him down but stands in his face.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I'm gonna pay him, Ticky give
dialog: him the 1200 from tonight and
dialog: well go from there.
text: TICKY looks to CONOR with an apologetic smile.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: I rolled it on the Bulls
dialog: tonight on my own number with
dialog: Duffy.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: I was gonna give 'ya the 2400
dialog: when it covered.
speaker_heading: BARBER'S SON
dialog: Bulls won by three, spread
dialog: was five, same old stories
dialog: with you guys, if this, if
dialog: that...forget it, I need some
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Here I'll give you everything
dialog: I got.
text: CONOR pulls a crinkled hand of bills from his rented
text: tux pants. The other thug, GINO, counts it.
speaker_heading: GINO
dialog: 47 dollars.
text: BARBER'S SON now grabs the bat and swings it against
text: the wall. It makes an easy gash, he continues talking
text: as if nothing just happened.
speaker_heading: BARBER'S SON
dialog: Tell me what to do?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Either I'll get a loan and pay someone else the juice
dialog: every week or you can put me on a payment and I'll pay
dialog: you the juice, you tell me.
text: BARBER's son thinks it over, he grabs the bills from
text: the other THUG.
speaker_heading: BARBER'S SON
dialog: You owe 6600, you pay
dialog: me...5700 a week until I say
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: That's ridiculous, 400.
text: BARBER'S SON silently accepts his counter offer and
text: then points the bat at him.
speaker_heading: BARBER'S SON
dialog: Bring it to the barber shop, but don't make me come
dialog: back up here. I'm serious, please don't make me come
dialog: back here.
text: The BARBER'S SON'S plea seems soft but deadly serious.
text: They leave. TICKY turns to CONOR who waves his hands
text: making him leave with out saying a word. CONOR shuts
text: and locks his door.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN CHICAGO - DAY
text: The business district teems with the foot traffic of
text: well dressed professionals. CONOR sifts through this
text: stream in casual clothes and a fishing hat properly
text: angled to cover the bandaged gash on his forehead. He
text: pauses to look up the face of the tall bank building
text: he's about to enter. He goes in.
scene_heading: INT. MORGAN STANLEY INVESTMENT - DAY
text: CONOR looks a bit out of place in the reception area
dialog: of this white collar money circus. A CUTE
text: RECEPTIONIST blushes for him as he approaches her.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm Conor O'Neill, I have a
text: 11:30 with James Devlin.
scene_heading: CUTE RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Does he know what it's
dialog: regarding?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: The purchase of Wrigley field
text: and the firing of sassy
dialog: receptionists who wear
dialog: aerobic sneakers to work and
dialog: think that guys in fishing
dialog: hats are sexy but dangerous.
scene_heading: CUTE RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (completely thrown)
dialog: Just a minute.
dialog: (into headset)
dialog: Mr. O'Neill is here for his
dialog: 11:30 with Mr. Devlin. Ok,
dialog: yes.
dialog: (to Conor)
dialog: Right down that corridor Mr.
dialog: O'Neill.
text: CONOR walks in the direction her hand is pointing.
scene_heading: INT. JIMMY DEVLIN' S OFFICE - DAY
text: We recognize the man behind the desk as JIMMY, the
text: other groomsman in a tux at Duffy's bar. He now wears
text: a serious, conservative business suit complete with
text: suspenders. JIMMY leaves CONOR standing in the
text: doorway off his glass walled office. CONOR feels
text: self-conscious with his fishing hat and bandages.
text: JIMMY gets off the phone.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Mr. O'Neill, on time for your
dialog: 11:30, uncommon for you, it
dialog: must be important.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, Jimmy, I'm sorry about
dialog: the other night after the
dialog: wedding...
text: CONOR waits for JIMMY to jump in, he doesn't.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: At Duffy's y'know, I was
text: slightly over-served and
dialog: uh...
text: JIMMY continues to smile smugly at CONOR who we begin
text: to feel sweating.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I wanted to apologize.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Is that why you came down
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: No, I mean yes, it is but I
dialog: also came because of what
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You know the bet I had went
dialog: down, and I busted up Duffy's
dialog: bar a little and I uh kinda
dialog: dug myself a big hole.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Yeah, I would imagine.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: So what d'ya think?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: About what?
text: CONOR sighs and shifts his feet, he is burning in
dialog: shame.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Can you help me out?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Help you with what?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Jimmy, you know why I came
dialog: down here.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I need to hear you say it so
dialog: I get it loud and clean
text: CONOR digs deep and lays out what's left of his pride.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Can you lend me 12 grand?
text: JIMMY lets the moment resonate.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: You need to bury your father
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Did you dig the guy up?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You're sick.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Me?! Five months ago you're
dialog: in here cryin' for 5 grand to
dialog: bury your old man. I talked
dialog: to Scott Mahoney at Mikey's
dialog: wedding seems he also lent
dialog: you 5 grand to bury the guy.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm gonna pay Mahoney back -
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I don't care how much you owe
dialog: Mahoney -
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: It's just right now I'm
dialog: really up against it with
dialog: Duffy and the Barber -
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: And I really don't give a
dialog: shit how much you owe the
dialog: bookies -
text: CONOR starts out.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (cont'd)
dialog: Wait, come back in.
speaker_heading: CONOR does.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (cont'd)
dialog: Close the door. What's with
dialog: you? You're the only one
dialog: left at Duffy's. I'm gone,
dialog: Mikey's gone, Mahoney. What
dialog: are you doin'? Hangin'
dialog: around with Ticky Tobin
dialog: scalpin' tickets and bettin'
dialog: games? Selfish, I can't
dialog: believe I'm gonna do this for
dialog: you. This is the last time.
text: JIMMY starts writing a check.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: I'm done betting and I swear
dialog: I'm gonna pay you back-
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: No you're not, you never do,
dialog: so don't even say it. You
dialog: never follow through on
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Who said that? Mahoney?
text: JIMMY hands him a check, CONOR snatches it and studies
dialog: the amount.
speaker_heading: CONOR has
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: This might actually help you.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: This is only 500 bucks.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I know, you're gonna coach a
dialog: kids baseball team with me.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Jimmy you don't understand
dialog: how serious my situation is -
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I'm gonna pay you 500 a week
dialog: for the next 10 weeks, that's
dialog: week one.
dialog: no choice in the matter.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Jimmy I ain't good with kids.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I do this to give something
dialog: back to the community. You
dialog: don't wanna do it, gimme the
dialog: check back.
text: CONOR stands in the doorway, he's got no choice.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I'll see you at the field
dialog: tomorrow, 3:30.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Where is it?
text: JIMMY's now rushing him out.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: That field on 1150 Carson,
dialog: 3:30.
text: CONOR's face goes blank.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: That's really South on Carson
dialog: are you sure it's-
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Yeah, 1150 Carson it's behind
dialog: the Oscar Meyer plant.
text: JIMMY pushes him out the door, CONOR talks through the
text: glass wall.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: No, the only thing behind the
dialog: Oscar Meyer plant is Cabrini
dialog: Green. The projects.
text: JIMMY has waved his last goodbye with a smile as he's
text: jumped on a phone call. JIMMY pulls the blinds and
text: CONOR looks around to see the office smiling at him.
dialog: He realizes now that 500 a week might be a billion
dialog: dollars short.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREFN BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: CARSON FIELD is surrounded by the ugly buildings of
text: the failing Cabrini housing projects. The
text: neighborhood looks and feels as dangerous as it is. A
dialog: ghost town of unemployment, people stay off the
dialog: streets day or night.
text: CONOR makes his way across the beaten grass of Cabrini
text: Baseball field. He wears an old Cubs hat as the only
text: modification from his typical outfit that consists of
text: work pants and black shoes.
text: It's still cool in March so his leather coat is
text: appropriate. He sees a group of kids near a worn back
text: stop with a wooden set of bleachers nearby. CONOR
text: makes his way to the group but opts for a spot on the
text: bleachers when he doesn't see JIMMY.
text: We get a closer look at the kids who all appear to be
dialog: between 9 and 12. There's probably 7 kids total who
dialog: are all actively doing something counter productive.
text: A little kid chases a tall skinny kid. Another kid
text: just listens to a walkman as he slowly rocks, while
text: another kid holds court with a tattered blue aluminum
dialog: bat.
text: Suddenly a 1998 BMW pulls up behind the backstop, the
text: kids run to surround it. It's JIMMY.
scene_heading: EXT. JIMMY'S BMW - DAY
text: Our 7 kids are awed with JIMMY's car. JIMMY tries to
dialog: "shoo" them away in attempts to prevent little
text: fingerprints on what is a glass-like finish to the
text: car. We also see a woman in the passenger seat, it's
scene_heading: the CUTE RECEPTIONIST from Morgan Stanley. ALONZO,
text: the kid with the blue bat, leans in the window.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Check out coach Jimmy's whip,
dialog: damn this shit is pimped.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Please guys, don't touch the
dialog: car, it's new. Please you'll
dialog: ruin the wax.
text: A heavy set kid named CALVERT shoves ALONZO out of the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Yo coach Jimmy, here's my
dialog: extra inhaler.
text: CALVERT begins to hand JIMMY a collection of stuff.
speaker_heading: CALVERT (cont'd)
dialog: Here's my sugar babies for
dialog: when my blood needs sugar, my
dialog: mama says I do better when my
dialog: blood's got sugar and -
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: What's your name again?
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Calvert Jefferson Tibbs,
dialog: coach Jimmy but -
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Everybody listen!
text: The kids get quiet as JIMMY speaks.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (cont'd)
dialog: The guy behind you is Coach
dialog: Conor, he's taking over the
dialog: day to day operations.
text: CONOR steps closer when he hears his name.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
text: The tall thin kid pipes up.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: That bummy guy's coach?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Coach Conor I just stopped by
dialog: to give you the equipment.
text: JIMMY pushes a button and the trunk pops open. The
text: kids scramble for the worn army bags full of bats,
text: balls and gloves.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Jimmy I can't do this by
dialog: myself -
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Here's the roster and
dialog: schedule. I'm goin' to the
dialog: New York office for three
dialog: weeks, a training seminar.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: How my gonna get my money?
text: JIMMY is already pulling away, CONOR jogs alongside
text: the car. JIMMY offers out the window...
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Ellen will have your check
dialog: every Monday.
text: JIMMY motions to ELLEN, the CUTE RFCEPTIONIST sitting
text: in the passenger seat. She smiles.
text: JIMMY zooms off, raising dust from the dry lot behind
text: the backstop. CONOR stands amidst the swirling dust
text: and swirling kids.
scene_heading: EXT. DUGOUT - DAY
text: CONOR has somehow managed to corral all 7 boys into
text: the graffiti laden dugout. He attempts to take roll.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Alonzo Ray Peetes?
text: The kid with the blue bat responds.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: What's up motherfucka?
text: The kids laugh at his funny delivery.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What position do you play?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Big Willie.
text: More laughs.
speaker_heading: ALONZO (cont'd)
dialog: Whatever, back catcher,
dialog: center field, I got mad
dialog: power. I pound it to the
dialog: gate yo.
text: He exchanges a hard hand slap with MAURICE the tall
text: lanky kid. These boys are obviously the alpha males.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Frederick Payne the second?
text: No response as the kids all point to the short stocky
text: kid listening to his walkman.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: What position does he play?
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: He says he can pitch, coach
dialog: Conor, but might pitch too.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Calvert Jefferson Tibbs, my
dialog: mama says I could play
dialog: anywhere, what with my asthma
dialog: and all I should probably
dialog: play first. I gotta keep my
dialog: sugar up too. Y'know my mama
dialog: says that some boys just
dialog: plain big boned -
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: And some boys just plain fat
dialog: ass.
text: Again ALONZO exchanges slaps with MAURICE. The kids
dialog: laugh.
text: Suddenly they get quiet as two men are standing behind
text: CONOR. One is MATT HYLAND, a white yuppie dressed in
text: clean coaching clothes. The other is AL CARTER a
text: black man in a sweat suit and dress shoes. They wait
dialog: for CONOR to turn around.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: Hi, Matt Hyland head of the
dialog: coaches committee, are you
dialog: the Kikuyus?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
text: ALONZO jumps up.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Yeah bitch, we the Kikuyus,
dialog: whassup?
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: (checking his pad)
dialog: Where's James Devlin from
dialog: Morgan Stanley?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: He's the head coach I'm
text: assisting him, he has
text: business out of town.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: Well, you've got what? Six
dialog: or seven kids here? You
dialog: gotta be able to field a team
dialog: or the league will drop you.
dialog: CONOR could care less.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'll tell Jimmy that-
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: This is Al Carter he's the
dialog: commissioner of the league.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: Last year was a mess we had
dialog: to cancel games because we'd
text: show up and the other team
dialog: would have five kids. Waste
dialog: of everybody's time.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: We just wanna save everyone
dialog: alotta trouble, if you can't
dialog: field a team, drop out.
text: CONOR stares incredulously at the two politicians
text: attempting to leverage him out of a situation he has
dialog: no interest in being in.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: Talk to Jimmy Devlin and
dialog: Morgan Stanley and submit a
dialog: roster by Friday.
text: AL CARTER and MATT HYLAND saunter off proud of their
text: stance. CONOR looks back to the seven KIKUYUS who
dialog: have heard and understand their fate. CALVERT pipes
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Tiki and Ray-Ray wanna play.
text: CONOR fumbles with his sheet, he struggles to read the
dialog: names.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Is that Tirakian Evans and
dialog: Raymont Bennet?
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Yeah, Coach Conor 'dat Tiki
dialog: and Ray-Ray, but Missus
dialog: Wilkes ain't never gonna let
dialog: them play.
text: The kids explode in impersonations of MRS. WILKES, who
dialog: from these impressions is a mean woman.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Who's Mrs. Wilkes?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: She teach fifth grade at
dialog: Immaculate Conception -
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: She's real mean Coach -
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: She's a old nasty lady who
dialog: tell your moms everything
dialog: "bout what homework you don't
dialog: do, she called my moms every
dialog: night last year.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: And she won't let these guys
dialog: play?
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Coach Conor she told they
dialog: moms that they can't play
dialog: ball until they do these book
dialog: reports.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: I can tell ya, Tiki ain't
dialog: doin' shit.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Ray-Ray neither, yo. Them
dialog: motherfuckas is like, "quit
dialog: that noise bitch".
text: CONOR raises his bandaged hand in an attempt for
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Can we try to cool it on the
dialog: use of "Motherfuckers" and
dialog: "bitch".
text: The kids get quiet for a second. CONOR stares at his
dialog: roster thinking.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Where's Immaculate
dialog: Conception? Maybe I should
text: try to talk to Mrs. Wilkes.
text: FREDDY who has been silent the whole time pipes way
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
speaker_heading: NOOO!
text: They all turn to FREDDY who takes off his head phones
text: and then very earnestly offers.
speaker_heading: FREDDY (cont'd)
dialog: No Coach, that bitch is one
dialog: mean old motherfucka.
text: The team laughs at FREDDY's disregard for the
dialog: "Motherfucker" ban.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Alright, umh... well I gotta
dialog: talk to Coach Devlin and
dialog: figure this out.
text: The sound of unbelievably heavy bass emanates from a
text: "83 Monte Carlo that slowly prowls through the lot
text: behind the backstop. The players on the field all
text: stand still and watch it pass.
text: CONOR notes the reaction from the team.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Coach it's gettin' dark, we
dialog: gotta go soon.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Who's in that car.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: They "folks", they local,
dialog: it's cool.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Folks?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Yeah, "folks", they ain't the
dialog: problem, "Disciples", they
dialog: the problem.
text: CONOR absorbs this information before addressing the
text: team. He tries to organize the next practice as the
text: kids are antsy to leave.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Umh...Thursday at four
dialog: o'clock here.
text: The kids have already broken into small factions as
text: they map out their routes home.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Yo Lonzo, how you goin'?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Up Carson, to Division then
dialog: across Beaumont then 27th
text: back to Carson at Cabrini.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: I was gonna go down Carson
dialog: and through the school yard
text: back to Cabrini.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: My mom's meetin' me at Pizza
dialog: pizza, I'm not walking by
dialog: myself.
text: CALVERT nervously runs to catch FREDDY.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Freddy, wait up, I wanna go
dialog: with you to Pizza pizza.
text: CONOR curiously watches as the kids attack the
text: darkening landscape with military efficiency.
text: Three separate groups tight together, trying to get
text: safely back to the Cabrini Projects.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREETS - NIGHT
text: ALONZO and MAURICE walk shoulder to shoulder up CARSON
text: street overly aware of everyone they see.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Wanna just cut up 25th?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Whatever, I don't always walk
dialog: the folks loop, fuck the
dialog: Disciples.
text: A volley of gun fire is heard a few blocks away, the
text: boys stop for one second.
scene_heading: ALONZO AND MAURICE
text: Glock, nine millimeter.
text: The boys continue to walk, shoulders closer trying not
dialog: to appear scared.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: You know about my Ka-rah-tay
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: You mean karate?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Nah, it's Ka-rah-tay, I
dialog: learned it from my cousin who
dialog: was in Japan in the Army.
text: MAURICE's silence is a tacit acceptance of ALONZO's
dialog: lie.
speaker_heading: ALONZO (cont'd)
text: Lightning quick.
text: ALONZO stops in his tracks and slaps MAURICE in the
text: chest. MAURICE stops walking. ALONZO assumes a pose
text: placing his hands by his ears like claws, eyes bugged
text: wide open and standing on one foot.
speaker_heading: ALONZO (cont'd)
dialog: This is the tiger, no man can defend himself from the
text: fury of a well trained ka-rah-tay tiger man.
text: MAURICE nods his head wanting desperately to believe
text: that ALONZO really has uncontrollable deadly martial
dialog: arts skills.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Yeah Lonzo, the tiger, I
dialog: heard a that.
text: ALONZO retracts his pose as if coming out of a trance.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Yeah, I only use the tiger
dialog: when I fight like a dozen
dialog: guys.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Yeah that's right.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: More than that I use the
dialog: bear.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Right...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What's the bear again?
text: MAURICE looks to ALONZO who we get the feeling has
dialog: exhausted his ka-rah-tay repertoire.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: I can't show you, secret code
dialog: of ka-rah-tay honor.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: That's cool.
text: The boys have continued down the street and have come
text: to CARSON and 24th Street. We can see the tall
dialog: buildings of the Cabrini Green Housing Project two
text: short blocks away.
text: Just as they're about to cross 24 they see a gang of
text: teenagers wearing an assortment of Georgetown Hoya
text: gear; Starter pullovers, wool caps, baseball hats.
text: Without speaking ALONZO and MAURICE put their heads
text: down and continue quickly up CARSON Ave.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEEN PROJECTS - NIGHT
text: A 1978 Toyota Celica pulls up to the curb and CALVERT
text: gets out and we can see FREDDY and FREDDY'S MOM in the
text: car. FREDDY'S MOM hands a small pizza box out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Thanks ma'am, I'll finish it
dialog: tonight.
text: The car pulls away and CALVERT studies the four dimly
text: lit buildings arranged in a U-shaped courtyard. He
text: fixes on the entrance to an orange high rise 100 yards
dialog: away.
text: Jamaican music floats out of a distant window and a
text: group of older men drink from bottles in bags at a
dialog: picnic table.
text: The asphalt circle in the middle of the four buildings
text: is dark but we can see shadows of people moving
dialog: around.
text: Groups of young men stand on the sidewalk. Some
text: slowly troll on B.M.X bikes watching every car for
text: brake lights. If a car slows down they circle for a
dialog: sale.
text: CALVERT begins to walk towards the orange building,
text: his breath is labored by asthma and fear. He sees a
text: shadow out of the corner of his eye and he
text: instinctively runs toward the nearest building.
text: CALVERT busts through the lobby door of a blue
text: building and presses his chubby frame against the
text: cinder block wall. He pulls out his inhaler and takes
text: two quick hits.
text: The flame of a lighter illuminates the otherwise dark
text: stairwell as a rail thin woman lights the end of what
text: used to be the plastic tube of a bic pen.
text: We now see that there's a guy with her and CALVERT
text: goes through a door to the hallway of the first floor
text: of the building.
text: CALVERT continues down the hallway and we see the
text: doors of different apartments left open.
text: The sound of T.V.'s squawking and babies crying
text: accompany the toys and kids that litter the thin hall.
text: CALVERT gets to the other end of the hall and goes in
text: to the stairwell. CALVERT steps over a sleeping body
text: and again ventures outside.
text: CALVERT again fixes on the entrance to the orange
text: building that is now only 20 yards away.
text: He takes one more hit from his inhaler and sprints as
text: best he can to the steps of the orange building.
text: CALVERT bursts through the door of the orange building
text: and immediately bounds up the stairs. He turns the
text: corner and THREE YOUNG MEN are standing around a small
text: radio listening to hip-hop music and sharing a 40
text: ounce malt liquor. CALVERT passes them with his head
text: down and the boys don't even acknowledge him. CALVERT
text: uses the key hanging by a shoestring around his neck
dialog: to open apartment 207.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO CIVIC CENTER - DAY
text: TICKY and CONOR are scalping tickets in what appears
text: to be a dead market. Other scalpers laze about and
text: compete for the same sales. TICKY and CONOR are mid-
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: I just can't believe you're
dialog: going to some school in the
dialog: projects to beg some old nun
dialog: for ball players?
text: A HEAVY SET MAN in a Blackhawks jacket approaches
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: The HEAVY
scene_heading: HEAVY SET MAN
dialog: I need three in the blues for
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (to the man)
dialog: Fuck you 85,
dialog: (to Ticky)
dialog: I got no choice Jimmy's
dialog: payin' my juice with Duffy,
dialog: if I don't field a team the
dialog: league drops us, I don't get
dialog: my money.
text: SET MAN re-approaches.
scene_heading: HEAVY SET MAN
dialog: I got 65 take it or leave it.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You take it, and shove it up
dialog: your ass -
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, 85 you fat fucker.
dialog: (to Ticky)
dialog: These kids are scary, they
dialog: all live in Cabrini, they got
dialog: gangs, I gotta get out.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Yeah, you gotta get out,
dialog: Cabrini's a shithole those
dialog: kids are killers. They'll
dialog: kill ya, maybe not today but-
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Could you tap your mom for a
dialog: coupla bucks 'till I can-
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Mom's not havin' it, she cut
dialog: me off.
text: HEAVY SET MAN makes a last effort.
scene_heading: HEAVY SET MAN
dialog: C'mon guys it's my kid's
dialog: birthday, 70 for the three in
dialog: the blues.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Would you kiss my ass
dialog: already? Can't you see we're
dialog: tryin' to figure somethin'
dialog: out here? I feel like
dialog: smackin' you in the head, I
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Gimme 75.
text: The HEAVY SET MAN digs deep, obviously going over his
dialog: budget.
scene_heading: HEAVY SET MAN
dialog: Jesus, I heard that Baby Bop
dialog: ain't even in this show.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Why don't you not worry about
dialog: Baby Bop.
text: TICKY peels off the three tickets from an efficiently
dialog: arranged wad.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I'll give you a baby bop in
dialog: the head.
text: The HEAVY SET MAN scampers away, his illegal
text: transaction complete. CONOR reflects to TICKY.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: What's Baby Bop?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Well Barney's the big
dialog: dinosaur right?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah.
text: TICKY and CONOR start walking towards the Civic
text: Center, we begin pulling back to a wide
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Well Baby Bop is like this
dialog: fuckin' uh, what d'ya call
dialog: it...baby purple dinosaur.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: No shit, dinosaurs on ice.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: And they skate around with
dialog: that broad from the Olympics
dialog: with the horsey face?
text: As we go wider we see the marquee for the Civic
text: Center. It reads, "Barney and Friends on Ice".
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - DAY
text: The train thins as it continues south to Cabrini. We
text: watch CONOR who tries not to make eye contact with the
text: other passengers who all appear to be going nowhere in
dialog: particular.
scene_heading: EXT. THE "EL" PLATFORM CABRINI STATION - DAY
text: CONOR exits the train and lights a cigarette. He goes
text: down the steps of the platform. He looks out of
dialog: place.
scene_heading: EXT. IMMACULATE CONCEPTION ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY
text: CONOR takes a moment to bolster his courage. He takes
text: in the sights and sounds of the playground that is
text: overrun with boys and girls screaming with after
text: school energy. He heads inside.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL ADMINISTRATION OFFICE - DAY
text: CONOR stands awkwardly in the doorway of the office
text: waiting to be noticed. Finally an older woman wearing
text: a large sweater and a large cross addresses him from
text: behind a desk.
speaker_heading: SISTER MOLINA
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm Conor O'Neill.
speaker_heading: SISTER MOLINA
dialog: I'm Sister Molina.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm here to see Sister
dialog: Wilkes? I called earlier.
text: SISTER MOLINA pauses before sharing a huge grin.
speaker_heading: SISTER MOLINA
dialog: Sister Wilkes, of course,
dialog: Sister Wilkes has the last
dialog: room on this hall to the
dialog: left.
text: CONOR pauses to take in the Cheshire cat's grin that
text: SISTER MOLINA can't help. CONOR leaves the Office.
scene_heading: INT. ELEMTARY SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY
text: CONOR slowly walks the ball preparing for his
text: encounter with SISTER WILKES. He gets to the last
text: door, it's closed but a stenciled sign reads "Wilkes".
text: CONOR breathes, then knocks.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Yes?
text: CONOR speaks to the door.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Sister Wilkes, I'm Conor
dialog: O'Neill I wanted to talk to
dialog: you about...
text: Suddenly the door is thrust open. Due to fire codes
text: the classroom doors open out and CONOR gets whacked in
text: the head as he stumbles to get out of the way.
text: An attractive young woman stands in the doorway
text: looking at CONOR who is collecting his wits and his
text: Cubs hat from the floor.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: It's okay, it's just my head.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Who are you looking for?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Sister Wilkes.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm Miss Wilkes.
text: CONOR is confused and treads lightly.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Do you teach here?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I was expecting an older
dialog: woman.
text: CONOR hunches over slightly mimicking the kids
text: impressions of Miss Wilkes. ELIZABETH doesn't smile.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm not a nun.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Thank God... I mean that's
dialog: great... or not.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: well?
text: CONOR pulls a crumpled piece of paper from his pocket
dialog: and reads
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Is Tirakian Evans and Raymont
dialog: Bennett in your class?
text: She corrects his grammar.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Are they in my class? Yes
dialog: they are in my class.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I need them to play baseball
dialog: for the Kikuyus little league
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You should take that up with
dialog: their mothers.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: But the kids told me -
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, both mothers agreed that
dialog: the boys need to read one
dialog: book before playing baseball
dialog: this spring.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Hey, I got no problem with
dialog: that. Reading's real good...
dialog: for kids.
text: studies CONOR'S casual outfit.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You work for Morgan Stanley?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (defiantly lying)
dialog: Yes.
text: ELIZABETH fights off a smile. She knows he's lying
dialog: but there's something noble and charming about his
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What deal did you blow?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm sure you're not coaching
dialog: this team by choice.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (more lying)
dialog: My associate James Devlin is
dialog: in New York for three weeks
dialog: so I volunteered to help out.
dialog: (even bigger lie)
dialog: I would have loved to coach
dialog: this team. I was away on
dialog: business in... Canada the
dialog: day... Mr. Morgan and... Mr.
dialog: Stanley chose the coach.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (goes along with it)
dialog: Canada? Was it nice?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: Lovely, I was in the...
dialog: umh... business part... the
dialog: whole time though.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Well it's great you teach
dialog: them baseball but unfortunate
dialog: that no one spends time
dialog: helping them to read.
text: She begins to shut the door. CONOR jumps in.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Listen, I'm Conor.
text: He waits for her reply, finally she gives in.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm only helping out with the
dialog: team for two weeks but I'm
dialog: willing to get together with
dialog: you and help with the boys.
dialog: Why don't we exchange numbers
dialog: and-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Better yet, I'll give you the
dialog: books the boys are supposed
dialog: to read and you can read them
dialog: and talk to Tirakian and
dialog: Raymont about their reports.
text: CONOR has no choice but to withstand the challenge.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: God, that would be... great.
dialog: Good idea.
text: ELIZABETH hands him a couple of tattered paperbacks.
text: CONOR smiles as ELIZABETH closes the door. What a
text: tangled web he's woven.
scene_heading: INT. DUFFY'S BAR - NIGHT
text: The usual Wednesday night crowd inhabits Duffy's. A
text: college basketball game holds the attention of the
text: barflies and the BARTENDER we remember from the
text: opening scene.
text: TICKY sits at a stool near a familiar window that's
text: boarded up. CONOR enters and slams the paperbacks on
dialog: the bar.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (to the bartender)
dialog: Gimme a bat and a ball.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Conor O'Neill, coach of the
dialog: crack babies.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Do you realize that that's
dialog: all you ever say to me, "fuck
dialog: you". Hey Conor, "fuck
dialog: you". Wanna go to the game?
dialog: "Fuck you". Hey Conor fuck
dialog: you, "fuck you".
text: The BARTENDER stares him down.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: O'Neill, Duffy's here. Tell
dialog: me you got his money.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Listen "no neck", what's your
dialog: name again?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Peter.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Good Peter, "fuck you", go
dialog: get Duffy.
text: The BARTENDER glares at CONOR before going into the
text: back room. CONOR turns to TICKY.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I can't coach that team, I
dialog: gotta get out. I'm serious,
dialog: I'm bailin' out.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: How did it go with the nuns?
dialog: Did you tell them "fuck you?"
text: CONOR remembers ELIZABETH.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: God, she was beautiful.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You picked up a nun?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Ticky... "Fuck you".
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You still want you're half of
dialog: the Blackhawks seats I got?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Yeah, where are they?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: I'm gettin' 'em tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Bring 'em to the little
dialog: league field on Carson
dialog: tomorrow before five.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: The field in Cabrini?
text: CONOR grabs TICKY's shoulder.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Don't screw me Ticky, I'm not
dialog: in the mood right now. I
dialog: need that money.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: I'll be there at 5.
text: DUFFY carries a bat as he approaches CONOR. CONOR
text: grabs the paperbacks as he stands.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Easy slugger, alright, relax.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: You got some cabbage for me?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Can we talk outside? Without
dialog: the bat?
text: DUFFY studies CONOR's face which appears genuine. He
text: hands the bat to the BARTENDER and follows CONOR
text: outside.
scene_heading: EXT. DUFFY'S BAR - NIGHT
text: CONOR and DUFFY stand on the sidewalk. CONOR shuffles
dialog: his feet,
text: his head is down as he begins...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Duffy, you knew my dad... and
dialog: I wouldn't be callin' ina
dialog: favor if I wasn't completely
text: racked.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: You smashed up my bar.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You know that I will pay it
dialog: all back, I just need time.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: It ain't my money. I can't
dialog: carry you this time. It's
dialog: six grand of somebody else's
dialog: money. Somebody who didn't
dialog: know your father and doesn't
dialog: give a fuck about you or me,
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'll help run the book, take
dialog: bets, I'll bring in business.
text: DUFFY gets quiet, he's completely backed down. A beat
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Nah, it's no good. Listen, I
dialog: gave 'm your name ‘cause I
dialog: couldn't carry it.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: What? Some goombahs gonna
dialog: come break my thumb?
text: DUFFY's quiet, shakes his head. CONOR gets scared.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Duffy, I'm desperate, I'm
dialog: coaching a little league team
dialog: in the projects for a guy
dialog: who's payin' me 500 a week...
dialog: but I'm payin' the Barber
dialog: off, what should I do? Should
dialog: I tell the Barber "fuck off"?
dialog: Should I start payin' you 250
dialog: every week?
text: DUFFY looks at CONOR.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Keep payin' the Barber, and
dialog: don't come around here unless
dialog: you got the money.
text: DUFFY walks back into the bar. CONOR looks to the sky
dialog: for help.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: ALONZO catches for CONOR who's halfheartedly hitting
dialog: infield practice.
text: CONOR is agitated as he attempts the appearance of
text: holding a practice. He continually checks his watch
text: and scours the landscape for TICKY.
text: No sign of TICKY, but a serious looking black woman
text: accompanies three young black boys.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Yo coach, when we gonna hit?
dialog: CONOR likes the idea of not having to hit ground
dialog: balls.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (calls out to Louis)
dialog: What's your name again?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: That's Louis.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Louis, pitch batting
dialog: practice.
text: CONOR walks to the bleachers as LOUIS grabs a few
text: tattered balls and storms the mound.
text: ALONZO runs to the equipment and returns with his beat
text: up blue softball bat.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: You bustas betta back the
dialog: hell up, Ima pound this shit
text: to the gate.
text: ALONZO does a practice swing "ritual" that rivals the
text: flashiest in Major League Baseball.
text: LOUIS throws a soft floater that ALONZO whiffs at.
text: The team starts busting on ALONZO with a chorus of,
dialog: "Shit the wind just picked up" and "yo you feel that
dialog: breeze?"
scene_heading: EXT. BLEACHERS - DAY
text: CONOR talks with the woman and the boys.
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS
dialog: I'm Pearla Evans and this
dialog: one's Tirakian. She places
text: her hand an the tallest boy's
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS (cont'd)
dialog: This is my youngest, Jarius -
text: The small boy pipes up.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Evy body call me G-Baby, so-
text: With a raise of her hand G-BABY ceases talking, PEARLA
text: is living up to her stern reputation.
text: PEARLA continues...
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS
dialog: This is my sister's boy
dialog: Raymont and I spoke to Miss
dialog: Wilkes at the school and she
dialog: said you agreed to help these
dialog: boys with their assignments
dialog: so they could play ball.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Oh... yeah... well that was
dialog: before I had this business
dialog: trip to -
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS
dialog: Miss Wilkes said she had a
dialog: good feeling about you so I
dialog: figured I'd give it a try.
text: CONOR smiles at the news.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Miss Wilkes said that?
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS
dialog: No, actually she said she had
dialog: a good feeling about them all
dialog: playing ball but I'm tell you
dialog: now Mr...?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Conor O'Neill.
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS
dialog: O'Neill, you don't help these
dialog: boys and they don't do this
dialog: work. Hell will be paid with
dialog: your ass.
text: The boys begin to giggle and with a look PEARLA EVANS
text: silences them.
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS (cont'd)
dialog: I trust I can reach you at
dialog: Morgan Stanley to plana
dialog: tutoring session?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Uh... yes, of course anytime.
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS
dialog: Good, go on boys.
text: The boys join their friends on the field as PEARLA
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN BASEBALL FIELD - LATER THAT DAY
text: CONOR blows into his hands as he sits on the bleachers
text: watching the debacle that batting practice has become.
text: He checks his watch -- its 6:15 and no sign of TICKY.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: C'mon Ticky you're killin'
dialog: me.
text: CALVERT comes wheezing up to CONOR.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Coach Conor, we usually quit
dialog: at 5:30 and my mama needs me
dialog: home we eat around six
dialog: thirty-
text: CONOR cuts him off short.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Calvin, we'll be done soon,
dialog: I'll let you know.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: I'm Calvert, Calvert
dialog: Jefferson Tibbs.
text: CALVERT walks away defeated.
speaker_heading: THE FIELD
text: MAURICE bats as a laboring LOUIS still pitches.
text: G-BABY and another boy are sitting near second base
text: playing with the dirt. ALONZO calls from the
text: outfield.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: C'mon Maurice, whack that
dialog: shit to the gate!
text: LOUIS is exhausted as he winds up and throws a pitch
text: that hits MAURICE in the thigh.
text: MAURICE drops the bat and rushes the mound. He begins
text: posturing with LOUIS.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Whassup mothafucka? Huh?
dialog: Roll up bitch. Roll up!
text: The kids crowd the mound wanting a fight. No unity,
dialog: just thirsty for blood.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: C'mon Louis you bitch, throw
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Yo Maurice drop his ass like
dialog: a bad habit.
text: CONOR has gotten there in time to realize that they
dialog: would probably posture for a few days before they
dialog: would actually throw a punch.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Alright, that's it. It's
dialog: 6:30. Practice Saturday
text: 1:00. The boys react to the
text: time with alarm as they
dialog: scramble to form allegiances
dialog: for the walk home.
text: CALVERT runs to catch up with CONOR. He looks scared.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Coach Conor can I walk with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: No, umh... I'm not goin' that
dialog: way, sorry.
text: CALVERT's eyes are wide in disappointed fear as he
text: rushes off to collect his stuff.
text: CONOR realizes that the boys are already packed into
text: small groups and scurrying across the park in
dialog: different directions.
text: CALVERT struggles with his heavy knapsack. Candy
text: spills out as he tries to hoist it onto his shoulder
text: He panics as he collects the candy, trying to catch up
dialog: with someone to walk home with.
text: TICKY pulls up in a 1984 Buick Regal and CONOR rushes
text: towards him. We can hear CONOR yelling about how late
dialog: TICKY was, but we stay with...
text: CALVERT lifts the knapsack and he can't get it on to
text: his shoulder. CALVERT half carries and half drags it
text: along the ground as he heads towards the ever
text: darkening streets around the park.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREETS - NIGHT
text: The night has fallen like rain on CALVERT who still
text: struggles with his fear and his back pack.
text: He's alone as he walks slowly towards the lights of
dialog: the Cabrini Projects.
scene_heading: ANOTHER STREET - SAME NIGHT
text: ALONZO walks with TIKI and G-BABY as they cautiously
text: take a circuitous route to Cabrini.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Y'all's cool wit me, I know
dialog: ka-rah-tay.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: You mean karate and all that?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: It's pronounced kah-rah-tay.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: You know that judo and shit?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Hell yes.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Bullshit mothafucka, I could
dialog: kick your monkey ass.
text: ALONZO stops walking for a second and TIKI and G-BABY
text: continue two steps before stopping to look back.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: I'm gonna forget you said
dialog: that.
text: ALONZO buries the insult in the interest of getting
dialog: home.
scene_heading: ANOTHER STREET - SAME NIGHT
text: CALVERT has literally come to a crossroads as he
text: stares down a dim street. He looks the other way and
text: sees an OLDER MAN in a long coat who wobbles as he
text: walks. CALVERT can't decide which way to go, the man
text: looks harmless enough. He begins down that street.
text: CALVERT gets an uneasy feeling. Acting on instinct,
text: he quickly turns around and heads the other way. He
text: cuts through the playground of a nursery school.
text: The knapsack is feeling lighter as he can see the
text: street lamp of 26th and Cabrini about 40 yards away.
text: He begins to walk casually and his breathing has
dialog: subsided.
text: SUDDENLY he's knocked to the ground and two young KIDS
text: are on him immediately. The KIDS try to pull
text: CALVERT's knap sack away but CALVERT got tangled in
dialog: the straps when he fell.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Take it! Just take it!
text: CALVERT is trying to free himself from the bag as the
text: two KIDS continue to wrestle with it.
text: One of the KIDS whacks CALVERT in the head and he goes
text: down flat. The other kid starts kicking CALVERT in an
text: attempt to make him roll over.
text: In a defensive reflex, CALVERT assumes the fetal
text: position. As he curls up the knap sack comes free and
text: one of the KIDS takes off with it.
text: The other kid kicks CALVERT who has begun to
text: hyperventilate causing an asthma attack. The strange
text: barking noise coming from CALVERT's straining lungs
text: upsets the remaining kid. The KID levels one last
text: kick to CALVERT's head before taking off.
text: CALVERT falls slowly to his back and his breathing
text: calms as he loses consciousness.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Calvert's mother LENORA TIBBS, a large woman in black
text: tights, is talking to ELIZABETH in the hall outside
text: CALVERT's room. CONOR catches them mid-conversation.
speaker_heading: LENORA TIBBS
dialog: Girl you can bet my big black
dialog: butt Ima' call the league and
dialog: raise hell, but I gots to
dialog: have a cigarette.
text: CONOR approaches ELIZABETH.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Is he okay?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: why did you keep them so late?!
text: LENORA TIBBS jump in.
speaker_heading: LENORA TIBBS
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm the coach, Conor O'Neill.
speaker_heading: LENORA TIBBS
dialog: I should beat your butt, I
dialog: called you at Morgan Stanley
dialog: and at first some little girl
dialog: didn't even know who you
dialog: were! Then some man named
dialog: Devlin got on the phone and
dialog: told me you were outta the
dialog: office today. You in
dialog: Lenora's dog house now!
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Please take my home number.
text: CONOR scrambles for a piece of paper and a pen.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Always call my house, don't
dialog: bother with Morgan Stanley
dialog: they never know where I am.
text: LENORA studies CONOR with a suspicious eye as she
text: accepts the number.
speaker_heading: LENORA TIBBS
dialog: Boy, Ima' have a cigarette
dialog: then we gonna talk. You
dialog: can't have them boys down
dialog: there after dark. Thank
dialog: Jesus for Calvert's strength.
dialog: But I should still beat your
dialog: butt. That smell? That
dialog: might be a lawsuit.
text: LENORA goes for a smoke and ELIZABETH turns to CONOR.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You really blew it.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm sorry, can you help me
dialog: here?
text: A NURSE comes out of CALVERT's room.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: You guys should go in there,
dialog: he's wondering where everyone
dialog: went?
text: CONOR and ELIZABETH go in to CALVERT's room.
scene_heading: INT. CALVERT'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: CALVERT sits upright with an oxygen tube running into
text: his nose. He has a fat lip and a scrape on his
text: forehead, but all things considered he seems okay.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Calvert, I'm sorry, I should
dialog: have called practice as soon
dialog: as it got dark.
text: CALVERT doesn't look at CONOR.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I just came by because... as
dialog: soon as you're ready, we
dialog: expect you back.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: And I needed to know what
dialog: number uniform you wanted?
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: You're never gonna stay being
dialog: our coach.
text: CONOR tries to dodge the truth.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: At least till Coach Jimmy
text: comes back from New York.
text: LEENORA rushes in.
speaker_heading: LENORA TIBBS
dialog: So how's my baby doin'?
text: CONOR starts to slip out.
speaker_heading: LENORA TIBBS (cont'd)
dialog: Where you goin'?
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: 52 Coach.
text: They all look to CALVERT who fixes on CONOR.
speaker_heading: CALVERT (cont'd)
dialog: I want number 52, like Sosa.
text: CONOR waves to CALVERT who just saved his hide. CONOR
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: CONOR shows up a few minutes late as the players are
text: already trying to kill each other.
text: ALONZO and TIKI are squared off.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Pay up bitch.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Kiss my ass mothakucka!
text: CONOR jumps between the players and amidst the growing
dialog: mob that again just wants to see blood.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Cool it.
text: CONOR shoves ALONZO away from TIKI.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: What's goin' on?
text: G-BABY steps into the middle to explain.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Alright, lemme break it down
dialog: right quick. Lonzo said he
dialog: could catch any high pop
dialog: anybody could throw. Tiki
dialog: say "bullshit you a busta".
dialog: Lonzo say, "roll up bitch".
dialog: Tiki say "I'll give you all
dialog: my gum if you can catch this
dialog: ball." He threw it, Lonzo
dialog: caught it. Lonzo say, "pay
dialog: me motha fucka", Tiki say,
dialog: "You a cheatin' bitch", no
dialog: wait, Tiki say, "You a mocha
dialog: fuckin' cheatin ass bitch".
dialog: Then Lonzo say -
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I got it, okay. I want
dialog: everybody to take a position,
dialog: infield, outfield, let's go.
text: The players argue their way to their positions.
scene_heading: INFIELD - DAY
text: CONOR hits a grounder that goes through FREDDY's legs,
text: TIKI leads the team in teasing him.
text: CONOR hits a fly ball that LOUIS charges in for only
text: to watch it sail over his head. Again TIKI volleys
text: insults at him and the team joins in. CONOR hits a
text: hard line drive right at TIKI that he jumps out of the
text: way of. The team is silent. CONOR stops.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What happened?
text: The team is silent.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Tiki just jumped out of the
dialog: way like a baby, why's
dialog: everyone so quiet about it?
text: MORE silence.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: What's up Tiki, you scared of
dialog: the ball?
text: TIKI glares at CONOR but says nothing.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: New rule, no one can say
dialog: anything bad to anyone else
dialog: on the field. Got it?
text: Silence suggests acceptance as CONOR continues with
text: infield practice. The practice is silent as players
dialog: do a bit better without the fear of ridicule from
text: their teammates. CONOR stops again.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: What? If you can't talk shit
dialog: you got nothing to say? New
dialog: rule you can only say good
dialog: things to each other on the
dialog: field.
text: CONOR continues infield and the players remain silent.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Let me hear some positive
text: chatter.
text: CONOR hits a ground ball to RAY-RAY who scoops it up
text: and tosses it to ALONZO who's catching for CONOR.
text: We hear a faint chorus of "Nice play Ray-Ray" and "Way
dialog: to go Ray"...
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: That's it guys, little
text: louder.
text: We watch as the cheers get louder and more comfortable
dialog: as it, appears that the players only needed an excuse
dialog: to be supportive of each other.
text: LOUIS gets bopped on the head and everyone is silent
text: before ALONZO offers...
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Way to use your head Louis,
dialog: alright.
text: Practice lightens up as the players continue to laugh
text: and cheer each other on. We see the seeds of a team.
scene_heading: DUGOUT - LATER
text: CONOR speaks to the team after practice.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Alright, so you all have
dialog: probably heard what happened
dialog: to Calvert.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Fat ass got beat down.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: He got jacked up yo, these
text: four GD's had him pinned and
dialog: one was gonna smoke him...
text: RAY-RAY acts out his story using FREDDY as CALVERT.
speaker_heading: RAY-RAY (cont'd)
dialog: He put the tech nine to his
dialog: head and he pulled the
dialog: trigger and... click it
dialog: jammed.
text: TIKI jumps in with his version.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Bullshit yo, all six of ‘em
dialog: had glocks and they took
text: turns beatin' black down with
dialog: they guns, like "Bap! Bap!
dialog: Bap!".
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Yeah, my cousin seen ‘em, all
text: his teeth knocked out and one
dialog: eye was hangin' out all
dialog: like... Ahhhhh!
text: MAURICE parades down the dugout like a toothless freak
text: with an eye hanging out.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Okay, listen he's gonna be
dialog: fine, but it was my fault and
dialog: I'm sorry. I gotta make sure
dialog: we're outta here before dark.
dialog: We’re gonna work out a
dialog: carpool to take people home.
text: CONOR starts to hand out packets to each player. The
text: kids start tearing through the pages looking for the
dialog: schedule.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: We play the Man dicks first?
dialog: What kinda name is the Man
dialog: dicks?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: It's Mandikes, every team in
dialog: the league is named after a
dialog: tribe in Africa.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: April 24th, winner group A
dialog: plays winner group B in
dialog: the... Championship.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Yo mothafucka we goin' to the
dialog: ship.
text: ALONZO and MAURICE exchange hand slaps, that starts a
dialog: chant of "We goin' to the Ship'.
text: CONOR can't help but smile at their spirit.
scene_heading: EXT. CIVIC CENTER - NIGHT
text: TICKY is scalping tickets for a Blackhawks game. A
dialog: purple 1996 Buick Roadmaster Stationwagon, complete
text: with wood paneling, drives up to the curb. CONOR gets
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Nice wheels soccer mom.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Really what's with the wagon?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: The suits at Morgan Stanley
dialog: took shit for one of the kids
dialog: gettin' beat up on his way
dialog: home so they lent me this car
dialog: to care ‘em home.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Who got beat up?
text: Two STRAIGHT LACED TEENAGERS are nervously waiting for
text: TICKY's attention.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Calvert Jefferson Tibbs.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Oh, that's the fat kid right?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, the fat kid. How'd you
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You've told me about every
dialog: kid on the team. well,
dialog: that's shitty, I hate when
dialog: people fuck with kids.
text: With that TICKY finally addresses the two kids nearby.
speaker_heading: TICKY (cont'd)
dialog: How can I help you fellas?
scene_heading: STRAIGHT LACED KID#1
dialog: Mister you just sold us
dialog: tickets to last night's game.
text: Like a reflex, TICKY grabs inside his vest as if fora
text: gun. He accompanies this move with a scary verbal
dialog: assault.
speaker_heading: TICKY
text: GET OUTTA HERE! DON'T MAKE
dialog: ME SHOOT YOU! WHEN A MAN
scene_heading: NEEDS CRACK A MAN NEEDS
speaker_heading: CRACK!
text: The STRAIGHT LACED KIDS immediately bolt in fear.
text: CONOR shakes his head at TICKY.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You're unbelievable. How we
dialog: doin' today?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: We?... We aren't doin' so
dialog: good. San Jose's not such a
dialog: hot ticket.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Did the bulls cover last
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Yup, they won by 9.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Shit, I couldn't get any
dialog: action. I need to find
dialog: someone who'll take a big
dialog: bet.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Fink's minimum bet is two
dialog: grand.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: The guy in the firehouse?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Yeah Fink the guy above the
dialog: firehouse, why?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I hate this life Ticky, I
dialog: gotta get out. I just need
dialog: to be right once, y'know?
dialog: One big bet to get me even,
dialog: get me out.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You want out?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Out. No more fuckin'
dialog: bookies, no more coachin'
dialog: this bullshit team for
dialog: Jimmy. I don't have the
dialog: stomach for this life
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You're down like 11 grand.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I wanna lay 12 g's.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: 12 grand? On what?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Bulls have never lost at home
dialog: to Miami.
text: TICKY stops scanning for sales to look CONOR in the
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You're serious about this.
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: They play Miami on the 26th.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You shouldn't do this.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I don't have a choice. Take
dialog: me to meet Fink.
text: TICKY looks at CONOR and then stares blankly into the
text: pre-game hockey crowd.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Okay, I'll take you to see
dialog: Fink.
text: CONOR und TICKY exchange quiet head nods, already
text: feeling the tension of the twelve thousand dollar bet.
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF CONOR'S ROUTINE
text: The Rolling Stones, "Heartbreaker" helps to narrate
text: CONOR's weekly routine. We see CONOR pull clothes off
text: the floor and onto his body. He stumbles out of his
text: apartment building, affixing dark shades as the light
dialog: of day hurts our evening dweller.
text: CONOR leaves his shades on inside the Morgan Stanley
text: building as he collects his check from the CUTE
text: RECEPTIONIST. CONOR lunges at her just to scare her,
text: she jumps about ten feet.
text: He laughs as he goes on with his day.
text: CONOR stands in line at a check cashing store ina
text: strip mall. He appears at home with other customers
dialog: who no longer maintain legitimate bank accounts. He
text: cashes his check.
text: CONOR strolls into the BARBER SHOP and the collection
text: of men stand and surround him.
text: CONOR pulls out an envelope and presents it to the
text: BARBER'S SON and everyone relaxes.
dialog: CONOR's not the most welcome person at the shop but
dialog: they're happy to see some money.
text: CONOR stands outside a pizza window counting the loose
text: change and few single dollars he's got. He buys one
text: slice and a single beer with not much money to spare.
text: The Rolling Stones continue to serenade CONOR as he
text: ends up back in his tiny apartment eating the day's
dialog: only meal.
scene_heading: INT. IMMACULATE CONCEPTION ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY
text: ELIZABETH has begun the day's lesson. We see that
text: TIKI, RAY-RAY, CALVERT and ALONZO are all in her
text: class. CALVERT is standing by his chair reading an
dialog: essay about his experience.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Four Spanish men with hiking
dialog: boots had surrounded me
dialog: close. I could tell they
dialog: were "banditos" because they
dialog: had taco breath and they
dialog: called me "hombre". I spun
dialog: around to hit the biggest
dialog: one. I punched him in the
text: gut and as he was falling he
dialog: grabbed my backpack. I said,
dialog: "Stop, you banditos I don't
dialog: want to have to hit anyone
dialog: else." But because they were
dialog: Spanish they didn't
dialog: understand me. Two more
dialog: jumped me and I kicked one of
dialog: them in his...
dialog: (embarrassed to
dialog: read "nuts")
dialog: ...in the...
dialog: (improvises)
dialog: ... between his legs. He went
dialog: down but two more kept
dialog: comin'. And I was madder.
dialog: Real madder, real real mad,
dialog: and the madder I got the
dialog: stronger I got. So I tied up
text: in a hand lock with a bandito
dialog: just like when "Stone Cold
dialog: Steve Austin" on Monday Nitro
dialog: of the World wrestling
text: Federation ties up with some
dialog: busta that you know he's
dialog: gonna beat down. My mouth
dialog: banged on his head and that
dialog: was where I got my fat lip.
dialog: (Calvert smiles
dialog: before...)
dialog: The end.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Where'd you get yo fat butt?
text: The class giggles until ELIZABETH scolds ALONZO.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Alonzo, enough.
dialog: (praising Calvert)
dialog: Very Nice Calvert, excellent
dialog: use of first person
dialog: narrative. You're story was
dialog: very descriptive, I felt
text: scared of the banditos.
text: ELIZABETH is looking at CALVERT's essay as she
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (cont'd)
dialog: Does anyone remember what we
dialog: call the device Calvert uses
dialog: when he compares...
text: ELIZABETH realizes the kids are all looking at the
text: open door. She looks to find...
text: CONOR standing in the doorway with a large gray wool
text: suit jacket and white polo shirt with a tie. He also
text: wears gray dress pants that don't match his jacket and
text: are short enough to show off his white tube socks and
text: deck shoes. An old plastic and chrome brief case
text: rounds out his attempt to appear as if he just came
text: from the office.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Miss Wilkes.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Mr. O'Neill. Fresh from the
dialog: office?
text: The kids giggle at CONOR's appearance. RAY-RAY pipes
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: Yo Coach wassup with them
dialog: pants? Expecting a flood?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I thought today was the day
dialog: Tiki and Ray-Ray were going
dialog: to talk about a "Wrinkle in
dialog: Time" and I came down to help
dialog: out.
text: ELIZABETH smiles, admiring the effort.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That's correct. Everyone
dialog: this is Mr. O'Neill who
dialog: coaches a baseball team that
dialog: some of our young men play on
dialog: and he has taken time out of
text: his busy day to help out.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: A Wrinkle in Time is an
dialog: important book and I like it
dialog: very much.
text: CONOR places his briefcase on a small desk and opens
text: it upside down causing the contents to spill out. The
text: only things in the briefcase were a copy of Sports
text: Illustrated, cigarettes, a brush, "A Wrinkle in Time"
text: and some chewing gum.
text: The kids laugh and ELIZABETH smiles as CONOR scrambles
dialog: for damage control.
scene_heading: INT. CLASS ROOM - LATER
text: The kids seem to be relatively interested in the
text: discussion as RAY-RAY holds forth in opposition to a
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: I'm just sayin' it ain't like
dialog: that. Fantasy ain't reality.
dialog: I like to read stuff that's
dialog: real.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Give me an example.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: Michael Jordan's book.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That was a biography, that's
text: the real story of his life.
dialog: This is fiction, the story is
dialog: made up, it's meant to
dialog: entertain you, to make you
dialog: think.
text: RAY-RAY nods his head in understanding. ELIZABETH
text: turns to TIKI.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (cont'd)
dialog: Tirakian you've been silent
dialog: the whole time. All you'll
dialog: say is you didn't like it.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: If you can't say more than
dialog: that I'm gonna have to assume
dialog: you still haven't read it and
dialog: your mom will want me to call
dialog: her.
text: CONOR shares an uncomfortable look with ELIZABETH. We
text: focus now on TIKI who looks nervous.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (cont'd)
dialog: Did you read this book?
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Tell me something about it.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: It was booty.
text: A small laugh from the class attempts to break the
dialog: tension.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Okay, I'll talk to your mom
dialog: tonight.
text: ELIZABETH starts towards her desk, TIKI pipes up.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: That girl Meg is dumb.
text: ELIZABETH turns to him.
speaker_heading: TIKI (cont'd)
dialog: Cause she think her dads
dialog: comin' back from wherever.
dialog: And I think that's a stupid
dialog: thing to believe in. That
dialog: girl and her moms both
dialog: trippin' cause where
dialog: I'm from... ain't nobody's
dialog: father come back.
text: It is silent as TIKI's truthful interpretation is
dialog: understood.
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: We can see the opposing team warming up on the field
text: that has been freshly lined with chalk and slightly
text: groomed for the first game. The MANDIKES are wearing
text: black and yellow uniforms that are complete with
text: stirrup socks and matching undershirts.
text: JIMMY drives up in his BMW and jumps out, leaving the
text: car running. He grabs a tattered cardboard box from
text: the back seat and hustles towards the KIKUYUS dugout.
scene_heading: KIKUYUS DUGOUT
text: JIMMY hands CONOR a box and an envelope.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Here you go buddy, the
dialog: uniforms and next week's
dialog: check. Good luck today.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I take it your not stayin'.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Can't, sorry next time.
text: JIMMY scampers back to his car
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Thanks, thanks for giving
dialog: back to the community!...
dialog: dickhead.
text: CONOR stands at the mouth of the dugout holding a
text: tattered cardboard box. He reaches in and begins to
text: hand old blue tee shirts and hats to the players.
text: They react to the worn, cheaply printed shirts that
dialog: read "Morgan Stanley Kikuyus".
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: I want number 7.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Just take a shirt that fits
dialog: and pass them down.
text: G-BABY holds a shirt to his face.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: This shirt smells like my
dialog: grandma.
text: CALVERT joins the team in the dug out.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Good to see you Calvert,
dialog: who's got number 12.
text: MAURICE fires it at CONOR who hands it to CALVERT.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Calvert this is the biggest
dialog: shirt, everybody, they go up
dialog: in size from 1 to 12. 1 to 4
dialog: are small 5 to 8 are medium,
dialog: 6 to 9 are large so on.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Yo I need a shirt.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Who's got number 11?
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: I got it.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Give it to Maurice.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: But where's my shirt?
text: CONOR does a quick count to realize that there is 13
text: players, he already knows there are only 12 shirts.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: G-Baby c'mere I wanna talk to
dialog: you. Everybody play catch in
text: the outfield.
text: The players bound out to the field pairing up for
dialog: catch.
text: G-BABY mopes over to CONOR who bends down to talk to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: I'll be nine in October.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You're supposed to be nine
dialog: before August to play in the
dialog: league.
text: G-BABY, who's always tough, begins to cry.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: But there's only 12 uniforms
dialog: and 13 players so, I gotta
dialog: give the guys who are old
dialog: enough first pick.
text: G-BABY nods his head, trying to compose himself as
text: tears stream down his face.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: But I'm on the team right?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Hell yes mothafucka.
text: G-BABY smiles at CONOR's intentionally funny use of
text: "mothafucka". G-BABY tries to rebound quickly by
text: grabbing his glove and running towards the outfield.
text: CONOR watches him go and then looks up to see PEARLA
text: EVANS staring at him from the bleachers. CONOR stares
dialog: back.
scene_heading: INT. DUGOUT - MINUTES LATER
text: CONOR reads the line-up off the back of a torn piece
dialog: of a cigarette carton-
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Ray-Ray you're up first and
dialog: playing shortstop, Alonzo you
dialog: bat second and you're gonna
dialog: start as pitcher, Freddy
dialog: third base -
text: ALONZO springs up.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: I told you I'm the best
text: player on the team.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: We gonna get bitch slapped
dialog: with you pitchin' them cream
text: puffs over the plate.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: You wanna set it off right
dialog: here?
text: ALONZO steps to TIKI who stands up proving his size
text: advantage over ALONZO's big mouth.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Nigga please, I beg you, go
dialog: for yours.
text: TIKI begins shoving ALONZO back with his chest.
text: The rest of the KIKUYUS start goading both boys in an
text: attempt to incite a fight. A lack of unity prevails
text: as CONOR pulls them apart.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Save it for the game, let's
dialog: go. Ray-Ray's up, Alonzo's
text: on deck.
text: ALONZO walks to the on-deck circle staring at TIKI,
text: refusing to back down.
speaker_heading: FIELD
text: The opposing MANDIKES move the ball smoothly around
text: the infield, warming up. CONOR looks to see about 8
text: parents in the bleachers behind the MANDIKES bench.
text: CONOR turns to the KIKUYUS side to see PEARLA EVANS on
text: the top bench of the bleachers and two teenage girls
text: sharing a cigarette oblivious to the game.
text: FIRST PITCH is a smoking fastball right down the
text: plate, RAY-RAY jumps out of the batter's box. The
text: umpire hollers, "Strike one!", and things get worse
dialog: from there.
text: MONTAGE OF THE MANDIKES SLAUGHTER OF THE KIKUYUS
text: RAY-RAY, ALONZO and FREDDY all strike out on three
dialog: pitches.
text: ALONZO walks the bases loaded and then starts finding
text: the plate only to see the MANDIKES nailing the ball
text: through the infield and over the heads of the
text: outfielders.
text: CONOR shuffles nervously, checks his watch, he is
text: embarrassed by his team's obvious lack of practice.
text: A MANDIKE player hits a screaming ground ball to third
text: that FREDDY makes a miraculously lucky play on.
text: FREDDY immediately throws the ball back to ALONZO on
text: the pitcher's mound as if he were in batting practice.
text: ALONZO throws the ball over CALVERT's head and into
text: right field and the circus of errors and fighting
text: begins.
scene_heading: BASEBALL GAME - LATER
text: TIKI bats with a determined face, the pitch, he swings
text: and hits a long shot into right field. He admires it
text: before running to first. TIKI runs straight at first
text: base and stops to look for the ball.
text: When TIKI realizes that the outfielder is running
text: after it he heads for second.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Go Tiki! Keep Goin!
text: TIKI makes it home well before the ball is retrieved
text: and the KIKUYUS score their first run.
text: CONOR gives him a hand slap and a few other players
text: offer halfhearted shakes as well. It's obvious this
dialog: team is still more interested in individual
dialog: performance.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: A small MANDIKE player is called out on strikes and
text: the KIKUYUS shuffle in to bat for the top of the
dialog: sixth.
text: The MANDIKE COACH approaches CONOR.
speaker_heading: MANDIKE COACH
dialog: I guess that's it, I mean the
dialog: league says we're not
dialog: supposed to start an inning
dialog: after 6:30.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MANDIKE COACH
dialog: Well yeah it's 6:37 and we’re
dialog: up 16 to 1 so...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: That's cool, thanks.
scene_heading: KIKUYUS BENCH
text: The finger pointing is rampant as the disappointed
text: tempers of the KIKUYUS are flaring.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: Freddy don't even know where
text: to throw the ball.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Shut up Ray-Ray, least he ran
dialog: after it when it went by,
dialog: shit went through your legs
dialog: like 5 times.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Lonzo you a little bitch,
dialog: least you throw like one.
text: ALONZO grabs TIKI's hat off his head and throws it in
text: his face. TIKI shoves ALONZO against the fence. The
text: team cheers for blood as ALONZO jumps at TIKI and they
text: tie up in headlocks and begin the mean choreography of
text: a twelve year old fight for pride.
text: CONOR returns to see the melee and immediately tears
text: TIKI off of ALONZO who was beginning to lose the
text: fight. TIKI stands and steps away from CONOR and the
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: TIKI (cont'd)
dialog: Fuck all y'all, you suck.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Tiki your close to bein'
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Nah, Fuck you, I'm done. I 'm
dialog: out, this team sucks.
text: TIKI throws his hat at ALONZO as a parting gesture
text: before walking away.
text: CONOR spies the faces of the defeated team and ina
text: weak moment attempts to swing morale.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Anybody hungry? How' bout
dialog: pizza?
text: The team is interested but needs the magic phrase.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I'm payin'.
text: The boys erupt with "hell yeah's", G-BABY announces...
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: I'm down with that shit
dialog: mothafucka.
scene_heading: INT. PIZZA PARLOR - DAY
text: The KIKUYUS have overtaken two booths near the back of
text: the store. ALONZO continues to roust FREDDY for his
dialog: mistakes and we still see a great deal of finger
text: pointing and name calling.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: If this was a team with try-
dialog: outs, me Maurice and Tiki
dialog: would be the only ones would
dialog: make it.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: Dat's bullshit, I'd make it,
dialog: I ain't no busta.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: You ain't got skills like
dialog: Reese and me, we best on the
dialog: team.
text: ALONZO exchanges a hand slap with MAURICE, who's quiet
dialog: as usual.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: And that black and yellow
dialog: team just beat our ass. You
dialog: the best on a team that
dialog: sucks. That ain't shit.
text: ALONZO levels a look at G-BABY that's meant to
text: intimidate. G-BABY returns it, never one to back
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: PIZZA COUNTER
text: CONOR looks nervously at the cash register and the
text: growing number of sodas being placed on a tray.
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: Three large pie, nine sodas,
dialog: 44.65.
text: CONOR recounts the 18 dollars in his hand, he pulls
text: some tickets out of his bill fold.
dialog: The black
dialog: The other
dialog: expense.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You like hockey? Blackhawks
dialog: fans?
text: PIZZA GUY stares at CONOR.
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: Sure, I take the wife and
dialog: kids to the Negro Hockey Hall
dialog: of Fame every year.
text: black PIZZA GUY has a laugh at CONOR's
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: How many black hawks are
dialog: there? Shouldn't they be
dialog: called the white hawks?
scene_heading: OTHER PIZZA GUY
dialog: Yeah, we just worry bout all
dialog: the brothers playin' hockey,
dialog: cause God forbid the ice melt
dialog: you know niggas can't swim.
text: The two PIZZA GUYS have successfully cracked
text: themselves up and left CONOR feeling like an ass who
text: still only has 18 dollars to pay for a 44 dollar tab.
speaker_heading: The PIZZA
dialog: tickets.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'll give you two loge seats
dialog: for the Bulls-Mavericks on
dialog: Sunday.
text: GUY composes himself and examines the
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: For the pizza?
speaker_heading: CONOR (defeated)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: Done deal.
text: CONOR struggles with the soda tray as the other PIZZA
text: GUY makes a last jab.
scene_heading: OTHER PIZZA GUY
dialog: I'll throw on pepperoni for
dialog: two more seats for our girls.
scene_heading: PIZZA SHOP - LATER
text: The kids are quieter now that they're stuffed with
dialog: pizza and soda.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: If I get a homerun next game,
dialog: you gotta buy me pizza again.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Nah, every run I score I get
dialog: one slice.
text: CONOR seems preoccupied as he stares out the window.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: You bustas trippin' only me
dialog: gettin' pizza every game.
dialog: MVP, most valuable pizza
dialog: eater.
text: FREDDY speaks, a country never heard from.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: I should be pitcher.
text: CONOR turns to the rarely heard voice.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You wanna pitch Freddy?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Yes sir.
text: CONOR smiles at the only respect he's been paid in
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You can pitch on Wednesday.
text: FREDDY smiles as he puts his headphones on. MAURICE
text: weighs in.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Coach, do we have any chance
dialog: of gettin' trophies this
dialog: year?
text: CONOR pulls the rolled up paperwork from his pocket,
text: he examines it.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: There are... 8 teams in the
dialog: league, we play everyone
dialog: twice and then it looks
dialog: like... yeah, the top four
dialog: teams make the playoffs.
dialog: Yeah, we gotta win more games
dialog: then we lose.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Then we could go to the
dialog: "ship?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: We could.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: We goin' to the ship! We
dialog: goin' to the ship!
text: RAY-RAY gets up and creates a dance move to go with
text: his chant, the other KIKUYUS join him.
text: CONOR smiles at their youthful optimism as he thinks
text: of his own sinking ship.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN PROJECTS - NIGHT
text: CONOR's Stationwagon trolls along Lafayette Street in
text: front of the familiar quad of buildings that most of
dialog: his players live in.
scene_heading: INT. STATIONWAGON - NIGHT
text: Inside the wagon we see an exhausted CONOR sitting
text: with his lone passenger ALONZO.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: All right Lonzo, this is it
dialog: right?
text: ALONZO stares at his building which is in the center
text: of the quad, 150 yards away. With his hand on the
text: door handle, ALONZO watches the midweek night life of
text: Cabrini and turns to CONOR-
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Don't you wanna see my house?
text: CONOR senses ALONZO's fear and complies by turning the
text: car off and getting out.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN PROJECTS - NIGHT
text: CONOR feels a strange fear of exposure walking on the
text: vast concrete lawn towards ALONZO's building which now
text: appears to be getting farther away.
text: A strange noise is followed by laughter as they
text: occasionally pass the ghost-like face of an evening
dialog: dweller.
text: Guys drink out of bags and a girl in her 20's strolls
text: by appearing lost as she carries a pair of plastic
text: white pumps.
text: CONOR and ALONZO finally reach the entrance to the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. CABRINI PROJECTS BUILDING - NIGHT
text: CONOR squints from the shocking contrast from the
text: black night to the blinding yellow of the cheap
text: buzzing halogen tubes that light the thin hallway.
text: CONOR is a step behind ALONZO who moves by instinct
text: over the toys and around the shopping carts that
text: clutter the hall. The paper thin carpet doesn't
text: muffle the sounds of the TV's that baby-sit the kids
text: in each apartment.
text: CONOR's curiosity has him peering into each open
text: apartment as he makes his way down the hall. He
text: notices something similar in each apartment. He
text: stops. ALONZO eventually looks back.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Everyone is sittin' on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: You stay below the window.
text: ALONZO stands in his open doorway waiting to say good-
dialog: bye.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Bullets.
text: CONOR emits a small astonished laugh.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What d'ya do around here for
dialog: fun?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Play baseball with you.
text: CONOR absorbs the compliment, ALONZO goes inside.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: CONOR nervously counts the numbers of KIKUYUS who have
text: shown up for their second game.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Okay we got exactly nine guys
dialog: today, everybody plays.
speaker_heading: FIELD
text: The opposing team is the Continental Bank BANTUS.
text: They wear red and white uniforms as they warm up.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: Yo Coach, I could pitch? You
dialog: know I got mad skills right?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Freddy's gonna start today.
text: We see FREDDY intently listening to his walkman and
text: swaying to the music. CONOR offers him the brand new
dialog: game ball.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: You ready Freddy?
text: FREDDY smiles as he palms the game ball, still lost in
text: his music. CONOR lifts off the headphones.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: You want me to hold your
dialog: walkman.
text: FREDDY smiles and shakes his head, "no". CONOR shrugs.
speaker_heading: BANTU GAME
text: The BANTU pitcher is a tall skinny kid with no
text: control. He immediately walks the first four
text: KIKUYUS giving them their first lead of the season.
text: ALONZO pokes a grounder over first base and turns it
text: into a "homerun" when the BANTU's make two throwing
dialog: errors.
text: MAURICE follows with a legitimate drive over the left
text: fielder's head that allows him to jog around to score.
speaker_heading: GAME - LATER
text: With the score 7-0 KIKUYUS, FREDDY takes the mound for
text: the first time. FREDDY's walkman is clipped to the
text: waistband of his baggy jeans. The headphones are
text: wrapped over his hat that's tightly pulled down,
text: almost covering his eyes.
text: The BANTUS laugh at FREDDY who occasionally dances to
text: the song only he can hear. He is oblivious to the
text: BANTUS mockery as he sets to face the first batter.
text: After a high, fluid leg kick delivery, FREDDY fires
text: the first pitch down the heart of the plate - strike
text: one. He is magnificent. FREDDY strikes out the side
dialog: on 11 pitches.
text: CONOR smiles with pride as he exchanges a hand slap
text: with the almost embarrassed FREDDY who quietly takes
text: his seat on the bench.
scene_heading: BANTUS GAME - LATER
text: FREDDY continues to amaze as the BANTUS prove that the
dialog: only thing they had going for them were those red and
text: white uniforms. The KIKUYUS win it going away, the
text: team is in high spirits as they sing the obligatory
text: "2-4-6-8" chant to the humiliated BANTUS.
scene_heading: EXT. IMMACULATE CONCEPTION ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY
text: CONOR stands by the stationwagon as he sorts through
text: the after school throng of kids leaving school.
text: ALONZO, RAY-RAY and CALVERT walk with ELIZABETH
text: towards the car. CONOR waves from the curb.
text: The boys wear their KIKUYUS hats with pride as they
text: fight for the front seat. CONOR smiles at ELIZABETH.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: We won our last game.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I heard, 9 to 3 over the
dialog: Bantus.
text: CONOR is self-conscious about his pride and reels it
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, I'm just tryin' to help
dialog: out until my colleague
text: returns from New York.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That's great of you to take
dialog: time out.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Listen, why don't we have
dialog: dinner tonight? I mean what
dialog: good is an expense account if
dialog: you don't get to pad it once
dialog: in a while?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I can't - it's a school
text: night. Another time.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: After our game On Saturday?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Saturday?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Boys would love to see you
dialog: there.
text: ELIZABETH smiles at this sweet but obvious
dialog: manipulation.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Okay.
text: CONOR returns the smile and hops in the wagon as
text: ELIZABETH walks away. CALVERT pipes up.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Coach, you're not really
dialog: tryin' to get wit' Miss
dialog: Wilkes are you?
text: CONOR looks at the expectant faces.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: No, why?
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: Good, cause I already tried,
dialog: and she ain't havin' it.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Yeah, me too. She dissed me.
text: CONOR hides his smile, these guys are serious.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: The KIKUYUS wait to take the infield against the MAU
dialog: MAUS. We see that the MAU MAUS suffer from the same
text: uniform problem that the KIKUYUS do. The MAU MAUS
text: wear black hats and black tee shirts that we can tell
dialog: don't match. Some have numbers and some don't.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Look at these bustas, them
dialog: shirts is a joke.
text: MAURICE slowly swings a bat.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Ima' whack that shit to the
dialog: gate yo.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Word 'bee, these mothafuckas
dialog: is soft.
text: CONOR interrupts the major league confidence.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Okay, the Mau Maus are © and
dialog: 2 and have only scored three
dialog: runs.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: Yo Coach, I could pitch?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah Ray-Ray you pitch, we
dialog: need to save Freddy for
dialog: Saturday. Everybody else
dialog: know where they're playin'?
text: The KIKUYUS start to take the field. CONOR yells
text: towards the outfield.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Louis you're in left field.
dialog: (a beat)
text: The other left field.
text: G-BABY stands next to CONOR waiting for his attention.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Tiki wanna come back.
text: G-BABY motions towards the bleachers where we see TIKI
text: sitting with a hooded sweatshirt pulled over his head.
speaker_heading: G-BABY (cont'd)
dialog: But I need to regotiate his
dialog: contract.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What are the terms.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Tiki wants you to tell Alonzo
dialog: that Tiki's the best player,
dialog: 2... only he gets pizza after
dialog: each homerun he hits. 3... if
text: he whacks it out the gate he
dialog: gets a whole pizza to take
dialog: home.
text: CONOR looks at G-BABY and then at TIKI.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: When the season's over we'll
dialog: vote on who's the best
dialog: player. He can have the same
dialog: pizza bonuses as everyone
dialog: else. If he hits it over the
dialog: fence I'll buy him a pizza.
text: G-BABY responds with his best business air.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Okay, let me discuss the
dialog: regotiations with my client.
text: G-BABY rushes to the bleachers as we cut in to....
scene_heading: MAU MAUS GAME IN PROGRESS
text: RAY-RAY doesn't throw nearly as hard as FREDDY but he
text: does manage to throw strikes. He works his way out of
text: a bases loaded jam with a pop up to CALVERT at first.
text: CALVERT baskets the ball no problem.
text: MAURICE and ALONZO take turns clearing the bases with
text: hard hit ground balls that make their way through the
text: outfield.
scene_heading: KIKUYU DUGOUT - LATER
text: With the sky darkening and the game well in hand CONOR
text: relaxes against a dugout pole. TIKI approaches.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Wassup, Coach.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Tirakian, I spoke to your
dialog: agent.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: I could come back?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: If you apologize to the team
dialog: and you and Alonzo work it
dialog: out. If the team's alright
dialog: with it I'm alright with it.
text: TIKI nods.
scene_heading: KIKUYUS BENCH
text: The KIKUYUS again rejoice in "2-4-6-8" as the MAU MAUS
text: went down without a fight. CONOR rounds the team up
text: after the cheer.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Listen, Tiki and I talked and
dialog: he wants to come back. I
dialog: said it was up to the team,
dialog: but I wanna take a vote. All
dialog: in favor?
text: EVERYONE but ALONZO raises his hand.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Alonzo, Tiki is prepared to
dialog: shake hands with you and move
dialog: on. Are you willing?
text: TIKI appears and stares down ALONZO.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Sorry Lonzo.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: We won two games with out
dialog: him.
text: The TEAM jumps an ALONZO with yells of "C'mon Man",
text: and "Tiki's back". "Cool out Lonzo".
text: ALONZO puts out his hand and TIKI slaps it, a truce.
scene_heading: EXT. LOCAL CHICAGO FIREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: TICKY is smoking a cigarette, waiting for CONOR who
text: pulls up in the stationwagon. CONOR gets out.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: It's ten to 8, what happened
dialog: to 7 o'clock?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Fuck you Ticky, I'm really
text: not in the mood.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Why don't you ask my nuts
dialog: what kind a mood they're in
dialog: out here huh? It must be
text: forty degrees.
text: They head inside the building.
scene_heading: INT. FINK'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Two guys sit in an old office with three TV's. FINK
text: is a man in his sixties with smooth skin and a shiny
text: bald head wreathed with white hair. ED is a younger
dialog: and taller man.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: Ticky, this is Ed.
text: TICKY is quick to shake ED's hand out of respect.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: This is Conor O'Neill, he
dialog: wanted to meet you.
text: FINK nods as he has already sized CONOR up.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: Whaddya do for money?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm a trader at Morgan
dialog: Stanley.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: Bullshit. First lie.
text: TICKY laughs to offset the uneasiness.
speaker_heading: FINK (cont'd)
dialog: I don't care what you do for
dialog: money. I just need to know
dialog: you're gonna have it when I
dialog: need it.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I gotta '97 Buick out there
dialog: that's worth 15 grand.
text: FINK pauses to reassess.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: You gonna try to beat me one
dialog: time? So you can pay off
dialog: whoever else you owe?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I wanna make a big bet.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: How big?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: 12 grand.
text: FINK nods in understanding.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: And...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: And if I win I wanna get
dialog: paid, no pressure to keep
dialog: bettin' it.
text: FINK looks at ED.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: This guy's too serious.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Fuck you.
text: ED gets out of his chair, FINK slowly rises putting a
text: hand in ED's direction to subdue him.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: I got a handful of clients,
dialog: they lay a hundred grand a
dialog: weekend. They're not
dialog: emotional about it.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I can cover it.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: You seem too emotional about
dialog: this 12 grand. Desperate.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Fuck you
text: FINK looks at TICKY.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: What is it with him and the
dialog: "fuck you"?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: That's his thing - he always
dialog: says, "fuck you".
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Ticky, let's go.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: Don't you want your number?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You gonna take my bet?
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: Ed, what's the next number?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: You're account 27 when you
dialog: call in and your handle
dialog: is....?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Kikuyus.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: What? Kikuyus?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Kikuyus.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: Ed you got it?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Kikuyus, yup.
dialog: ED has logged the information
text: in a tiny ledger.
speaker_heading: FINK
dialog: Kikuyus. You're a strange
dialog: kid. I'm interested to see
dialog: what happens with you.
text: FINK has gotten up and approached CONOR. He hands him
dialog: a business card
speaker_heading: FINK (cont'd)
dialog: Here's the business line.
text: FINK sizes him up one more time, he then stares out
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: FINK (cont'd)
dialog: That wagon have power seats?
text: FINK looks to see TICKY and CONOR closing the door
text: behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: The KIKUYUS are cruising to another victory, this time
text: against the PYGMIES. The PYGMIES wear nice green and
text: black uniforms. The PYGMY players appear noticeably
text: bigger than the KIKUYUS, but they can't catch up to
text: FREDDY's fast ball.
text: We watch FREDDY as his high leg kick is getting more
text: fluid and he continues to listen to the walkman
text: attached to his belt occasionally pausing to hear the
text: music that focuses him.
scene_heading: KIKUYUS BENCH
text: CONOR shakes his head in awe of FREDDY's prowess. He
text: turns to G-BABY.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What does he listen to?
speaker_heading: G-BABY
text: Same song over and over.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Big Poppa by Notorious B, I,
dialog: G.
text: CONOR stares blankly.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: How does it go.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: (sings)
dialog: I love it when you call me
dialog: big Poppa,
text: (he waves his hands
text: above his head)
dialog: Wave your hands in the air if
dialog: you’re a true player.
dialog: Cause I see some ladies
dialog: tonight that should be
dialog: havin' my baby, baby.
text: CONOR stares at G-BABY as if he just recited Arabic.
text: Conor looks towards the pitcher's mound.
scene_heading: PITCHER'S MOUND
text: FREDDY pauses between pitches, listens to the music
text: and does a subtle stretch that allows him to wave his
text: hands in the air just like G-BABY has done.
scene_heading: KIKUYUS BENCH
text: CONOR nods his head with remote understanding.
text: FREDDY strikes out the side to end the game. The
text: KIKUYUS crowd which has grown to almost ten, cheers
text: the victory. We see ELIZABETH clapping her support,
text: CONOR is stopped by her presence. She waves to him,
text: he smiles.
scene_heading: KIKUYUS BENCH
text: CONOR plays the role of COACH with new zeal.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: We're 6 and 3, big game on
dialog: Wednesday. Practice tomorrow
dialog: 3:30. Also, you guys should
dialog: continue to ask people to
dialog: come to the games. Home team
dialog: crowds help. Okay, let's
dialog: cheer the Pygmies. 2,4,6,8-
text: The KIKUYUS join CONOR in the requisite cheer. CONOR
text: locks eyes with ELIZABETH who smiles wide at him. She
text: is taken with the sight of him helping the kids.
text: After the cheer CONOR grabs FREDDY.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Freddy, could I borrow your
dialog: tape?
text: FREDDY pulls it out of his bag and hands it to him.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Coach you could have it, I
dialog: got two more just in case.
text: CONOR tousles his hair as he sees ELIZABETH standing
text: next to him. FREDDY takes off to join his friends,
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH remains.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're really great with
dialog: them.
text: CONOR continues to lay it on thick.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: They're great kids, I feel
dialog: blessed.
text: ELIZABETH momentarily pauses, "blessed" is pushing it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I wanted to talk to you,
dialog: would you like to get a late
dialog: lunch?
text: CONOR decides to push his luck.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I always take the kids for
text: pizza after the game. Just
dialog: them and me.
text: ALONZO overhears this lie and is about to bust him on
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: You always what?!
text: CONOR steps in front of ALONZO and redirects the
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Dinner would be better,
dialog: there's a bar that's got good
text: food on the corner of 6th and
dialog: Elston... 7:00?
text: She can't figure out if she was just scammed or not.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yeah, okay 6th and Elston
text: 7:00.
text: CONOR smiles as he gently shoves ALONZO out of the
text: way, preventing him from disclosing his scam.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Everyone in the car we're
dialog: goin' for pizza like we
dialog: always do!
text: The KIKUYUS turn to CONOR with surprise as ELIZABETH
text: smiles suspiciously before walking away.
scene_heading: FINNEGAN'S PUBLIC HOUSE - NIGHT
text: FINNEGAN's is a big step above DUFFY's but it's really
text: just an Irish pub that's been updated to a sports bar
text: with waitresses and food service. CONOR stands
text: against a brass railing studying one of the 20 TV's on
text: the wall. The TV is blasting out the Detroit Pistons
dialog: - New York Knicks game.
text: ELIZABETH enters this world for the first time. She
text: takes in the bar to realize the only women in there
text: are waitresses with short skirts and low cut tee
text: shirts. Men in business suits with absent ties are
text: drinking draft beer and studying TV's with more than a
dialog: fan's interest.
text: ELIZABETH spots CONOR and approaches him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Conor?
text: CONOR seems startled by her appearance as he's
text: obviously lost in the world of basketball betting. He
text: tries to focus.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Hey, uh...let's eat. Why
dialog: don't we sit...
text: CONOR locates a tiny table in the immediate proximity
text: that retains a bird's eye view of the game he's
text: watching. ELIZABETH quietly accepts the strained
text: conditions and sits opposite the preoccupied CONOR.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So, I wanted to talk to you.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, I wanted to talk to
dialog: you-
dialog: (suddenly to the TV)
dialog: THAT WAS A FOUL! THAT'S
text: BULLSHIT!
text: ELIZABETH is put off by CONOR's lack of concern for
text: their date, she regrets having come.
text: CONOR returns to her.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: So, do you wanna drink?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What's wrong? I come here
dialog: all the time with the guys I
dialog: work with.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, that's a nice -
dialog: (again to the TV)
text: TRAVELLING! TRAVELLING!
dialog: GOOD CALL! GOOD CALL!
dialog: (back to her)
dialog: What were you saying?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nothing, you were about to
dialog: tell me exactly what you do.
text: CONOR senses her hostility and focuses to spin his
dialog: lies.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Foreign trade.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Right, that fast paced
dialog: Canadian market.
text: CONOR calls her on her sarcasm.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I know you don't work at
dialog: Morgan Stanley.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm not a regular employee of
dialog: Mr.-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Please! From the minute I
dialog: laid eyes on you I knew you
dialog: didn't work there and I don't
dialog: care, I'm here because -
text: CONOR can't help but check the TV. He reacts toa
dialog: score...
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: KNICKS BY 4, 2 MINUTES TO GO!
text: ELIZABETH gets up and walks out of the bar. CONOR
text: finishes checking his scores before turning back to
text: see her leaving.
scene_heading: EXT. FINNEGANS PUBLIC HOUSE - NIGHT
text: CONOR rushes out, beer in hand, to catch ELIZABETH.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Hey! Come back here.
text: ELIZABETH stops and faces CONOR. CONOR vents his
text: life's frustration with the people who judge him.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Why'd you come here? To bust
dialog: me in the lie about where I
dialog: work? You win.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I came to talk to you?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What do you know?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I know that I don't have a
dialog: job and that I scalp tickets
dialog: for money with a guy named
text: Ticky who still lives with
dialog: his mother.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You coach kids that I teach
dialog: so we have a common interest.
text: CONOR angrily lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I get paid under the table to
dialog: coach that team. And I only
dialog: do that cause I'm in a big
text: hole with two bookies who are
dialog: lookin' to kill me.
text: CONOR studies her unflinching face.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You know all this?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I spoke to Jimmy Devlin after
dialog: Calvert got beat up, he told
dialog: me -
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You just think I'm a joke.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: It's people like me that make
dialog: people like you feel better
dialog: about your tiny life.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Fuck me?! That's my line.
dialog: Fuck you. You're ridiculous.
text: CONOR is stunned by her toughness.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This is unbelievable, I can't
dialog: believe I came down here for
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Why did you come? If you
dialog: know I'ma liar? You don't
dialog: trust me.
text: ELIZABETH looks him dead in the eyes.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: They do.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Those kids trust you and they
dialog: don't trust anybody.
text: CONOR looks down the street.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: So what? I'm done with that.
dialog: Shit, who cares? I gotta
dialog: plan to get me out.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I just came to see what they
dialog: see, because they're never
dialog: wrong.
text: CONOR starts laughing at her melodramatics.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: God you're dramatic.
text: CONOR mocks her by throwing his arms outstretched and
text: spinning around.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Take a good look... see what
dialog: they see!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I came to talk to you about a
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Well unless it pays 12 grand
dialog: an hour I'm not interested.
text: CONOR goes back in to the bar.
scene_heading: EXT. FLEMINGS FUNERAL HOME - NIGHT
text: CONOR stands with TICKY who is dressed in a dark suit
text: with an overcoat eyeing each mourner who comes up the
text: walkway.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: No, I'm telling you, Freddy
text: pitches with his walkman on!
text: He stands on the mound
text: listening to his walkman.
text: CONOR laughs as he imitates FREDDY rocking to his
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: And Tiki is a monster at the
dialog: plate, a natural, I'm tellin'
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Don't get wrapped up in this
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm not.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Did you bone the nun?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: She's not a nun!
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Nah, that's not gonna work
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Good, now maybe you can start
dialog: tryin' to sell some tickets.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Don't yeah me, I've been
dialog: carryin' you on my back the
dialog: last coupla weeks. Did you
dialog: miss a payment with the
dialog: Barber?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah I did. I shined him
dialog: this week.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: That goofy kid Gino came into
dialog: Duffy's askin' for you. I'm
dialog: worried about you. We're
dialog: partners and I'm doin'
dialog: everything. I know you're
dialog: sweatin' the bookies right
dialog: now but you're asleep at the
dialog: wheel.
text: A handful of GRIEVING WOMEN make their way up the
text: steps, TICKY solemnly approaches them.
speaker_heading: TICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Mrs. Calagieri, I'm sorry for
dialog: your loss -- I was a friend
dialog: of your husband's, I was -
text: The YOUNGEST of the women turns to TICKY.
scene_heading: YOUNGEST GRIEVER
dialog: None of us is Marie
dialog: Caligieri.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: My mistake.
text: The MOURNERS continue on. TICKY continues.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: I mean we’re partners right?
dialog: I'm invested in this thing
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I just gotta lay the 12 grand
dialog: with Fink and win. If I could
dialog: just win that 12 g's I'm
dialog: tellin' ya I would be set.
dialog: Either way I gotta quit
dialog: coachin' but if I win I'm
dialog: set.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Let's just get you past Fink
dialog: then we'll both be set. You
dialog: cover against Miami and we
dialog: can really get goin' with
dialog: this thing.
text: Another group of MOURNERS makes its way up the
text: walkway. TICKY approaches an older woman.
speaker_heading: TICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Marie? Marie Caligieri?
text: The older woman turns to TICKY.
speaker_heading: MARIE CALIGIERI
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: I'm so sorry for your loss.
text: MARIE CALIGIERI throws her arms around TICKY and wails
text: in sorrow. TICKY hangs on uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: TICKY (cont'd)
dialog: I knew your husband for
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: MARIE CALIGIERI
dialog: He was a great man.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Yes, he was a great man. And
dialog: he had great season tickets
dialog: for the Bulls and the Bears.
speaker_heading: MARIE CALIGIERI
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Marie, his season tickets for
dialog: the -
text: MARIE smacks TICKY in the head, TICKY reels from the
text: blow. Two other women hold MARIE back.
dialog: Oblivious
speaker_heading: MARIE CALIGIERI
dialog: He left those tickets to his
dialog: nephew you low life.
text: to MARIE's pain, TICKY expresses his own.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Shit! That screwy bastard!
speaker_heading: MARIE CALIGIERI
dialog: What? What did you say?
dialog: C'mere so I can poke you in
dialog: the eye!
text: The women pull MARIE away. TICKY faces CONOR in
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I think that went well.
text: TICKY heads towards the car, pulling off his tie.
scene_heading: EXT. CONOR'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: CONOR locks the stationwagon and begins walking down
text: the block towards his building. Out of instinct he
text: looks around. The lights of a parked car go on.
text: CONOR straightens up and begins walking with casual
text: purpose down the street.
text: CONOR takes out his keys and walks past his house and
text: crosses the street. He takes a few steps up the stoop
text: of a small apartment building and fumbles with his
text: keys as if about to enter the building.
text: CONOR turns to see the car idling by the curb, the
text: BARBER'S SON gets out of the car. CONOR pretends to
text: see him for the first time. He acts flustered as he
text: puts his keys in his pocket and takes off sprinting
text: down the block.
text: The BARBER'S SON takes a few steps towards him and
text: then yells to the car.
speaker_heading: BARBER'S SON
dialog: Get him, Gino, go!
text: GINO is the thinner of the two guys and he sets out on
text: a dead run to catch CONOR.
scene_heading: ALLEY - MOMENTS LATER
text: CONOR comes flying around the corner and leaps to grab
text: the fire escape, he misses. CONOR stands below it
text: panting, exhausted. He looks up at the lowest rung of
text: the metal ladder that must be just under ten feet off
text: the ground. He leaps flat footed and misses again.
scene_heading: STREET OUTSIDE THE ALLEY - SAME TIME
text: GINO surveys the dark street for sound or movement, he
text: approaches the alley and stops.
scene_heading: ALLEY - SAME TIME
text: CONOR takes a few steps out of the alley and sees GINO
text: from behind, he quietly scurries back in to the dead-
dialog: end alley.
text: CONOR has regained his breath and takes a few steps
text: backwards. He sizes up the jump and takes two
text: graceful steps and leaps with one hand outstretched
text: and grabs the rung.
text: CONOR swings silently, struggling to maintain his
text: grip. He slowly pulls his second hand to the rung and
text: now rests as he is firmly attached with both hands.
text: He begins to pull himself up the ladder toward the
text: window on the first floor.
scene_heading: INT. CONOR'S APARTEMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: From the first floor hallway we see a window open and
text: a slow breeze blowing an old yellowed curtain into the
text: hall. CONOR's foot comes through the window first,
text: followed gracefully with the rest of his body. Once
text: inside he quietly closes the window and heads down the
text: hall to the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. CONOR'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: CONOR enters the apartment and crouches to the floor
text: without turning on the light. He crawls his way to
text: the window and peers sideways to the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET BELOW - NIGHT
text: Through the window we see that GINO has returned to
text: keep the BARBER'S SON company as he stakes out the
text: small building across the street that CONOR appeared
text: to be trying to enter.
text: CONOR pulls himself to the wall and rests. Sweat
text: accompanies the rise and fall of his shoulders as his
text: breath continues to attempt to right itself.
text: CONOR pulls the phone to him using the phone line
text: attached to the jack next to him on the ground. He
text: dials.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Account 27, Kikuyus, yeah.
dialog: What's the line on the Bulls
text: tomorrow night against Miami.
dialog: (he listens)
dialog: Gimme twelve grand on the
dialog: Bulls minus 6. Wait...
text: We watch CONOR chew his finger in a gambler's moment
dialog: of indecision. His faith waivers...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'll take Miami and the 6
dialog: points. Yeah twelve
dialog: thousand.
text: CONOR hangs up the phone and remains seated on the
text: floor of his dark apartment, breathing.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: Game day against the IBOS is met with more than normal
text: tension as CONOR is distracted by the twelve thousand
text: dollar bet he has riding on the Miami Heat tonight.
text: TICKY appears behind the fence.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Conor.
text: CONOR turns to see TICKY.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Did you play it?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Twelve grand?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Twelve grand.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: How many points are you
dialog: giving?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm getting 6.
text: TICKY stops the quick exchange to absorb this
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You took Miami?! Are you on
dialog: crack?! You got a death
dialog: ish?! You laid twelve grand
dialog: against the Bulls?! Oh my
dialog: God this is -
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Shut up Ticky! I'm under
dialog: alotta pressure right now, I
dialog: need you to support me!
text: CONOR struggles with the desperate look of a gambler
text: on his last run. TICKY sees his pain and backs off.
speaker_heading: FIELD
text: MATT HYLAND is the coach of the undefeated IBOS and he
text: strides with smug confidence to the KIKUYUS dugout.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: Coach, can I have a word.
text: CONOR steps away from the fence and meets MATT near
text: home plate. The UMPIRE and AL CARTER are standing in
text: postures suggesting a summit. AL CARTER extends an
dialog: official band.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: Al Carter, league's
dialog: commissioner.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: We met.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: Coach we're all concerned
dialog: about the age of a few of the
dialog: boys an your team.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: Can you produce birth
dialog: certificates for your
dialog: players.
text: CONOR sorts through the disorganized folder he carries
text: KIKUYUS paperwork in.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: All I got is what Coach James
dialog: Devlin from Morgan Stanley
dialog: gave me.
text: MATT HYLAND points out the certificates with the ease
dialog: of a man who has put many coaches through this test.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: Here they are.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: What're the names of those
text: two boys at third base.
speaker_heading: THIRD BASE
text: We see MAURICE and ALONZO standing next to each other
text: laughing at CALVERT who they keep throwing short hops
dialog: to.
scene_heading: HOME PLATE SUMMIT
text: CONOR turns to the summit.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Alonzo and Maurice.
text: MATT HYLAND is scrutinizing a specific birth
text: certificate, he holds it up to the light.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: Which one is Maurice?
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: The kid in the grey sweats.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: This birth certificate's been
dialog: altered.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: The 9 has been changed to a
dialog: 3.
text: They all huddle around the birth certificate. We see
text: that the number has been crudely reworked.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: You gotta be born before
dialog: September of '86.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: Well, the kid is out of the
dialog: league and the Kikuyus are on
dialog: suspension. Next violation
dialog: could lead to being dropped.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Look, what are you guys the
dialog: gestapo?
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: What's the point of this
dialog: league? To teach kids that
dialog: lying is okay if you can get
dialog: away with it?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I think these kids have
dialog: slightly bigger problems to
dialog: deal with than forged birth
dialog: certificates.
text: CONOR has squared to MATT HYLAND suggesting a
text: confrontation. AL CARTER sides with MATT.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: I don't know where Morgan
dialog: Stanley got you from but I
dialog: can tell you that if they
dialog: wanna stay in this league
dialog: they gotta follow the by-
dialog: laws. The kid goes, now.
text: CONOR stares in slack-jawed awe of the little league
dialog: bureaucracy. He doesn't need this shit, not today.
scene_heading: KIKUYUS BENCH
text: CONOR is now pissed and distracted as he finishes
text: announcing the line up.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: - Calvert bats 7th plays
dialog: first base, Freddy pitches
dialog: and bats 8th and Louis
dialog: you play right field and bat
dialog: 9th.
text: The KIKUYUS begin to take the field, MAURICE appears
speaker_heading: before CONOR.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Why I ain't playin', you mad
dialog: at me?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Maurice the other coach-
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: Cuz I'm sorry ‘bout shovin'
dialog: Ray-Ray, I just wanna play.
text: CONOR can't believe how difficult this is.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Listen, they know that you
dialog: changed your birth
dialog: certificate. I can't let you
dialog: play.
text: The quiet, stoic MAURICE begins to break down.
speaker_heading: MAURICE
dialog: But my moms said it was okay,
dialog: that she would tell them if
dialog: they asked that I was born
dialog: earlier. She said it was
dialog: okay.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: There's nothin' I can do
dialog: Maurice, why don't you just
dialog: sit down and watch the -
text: MAURICE takes off running so incredibly fast that it
dialog: draws the attention of everyone at the field. We
text: watch as MAURICE disappears into the horizon of right
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: GAME - LATER
text: FREDDY has completed his warm-ups and the first batter
text: steps in the box. FREDDY adjusts his head phones and
text: sways to the music only he can hear. He fires the
text: first pitch past a swinging IBO player.
text: The KIKUYU infield responds with proud shouts for
text: FREDDY's dominance. Whoosh, strike two, strike three.
text: The ball gets tossed around the infield.
text: MATT HYLAND and AL CARTER have reconvened behind home
text: plate with the UMPIRE.
text: CONOR storms out of the dugout to see what the
text: conference is about.
speaker_heading: HOME PLATE
text: AL CARTER is nodding his head in agreement with MATT
text: HYLAND who is casually pleading his case. The UMPIRE
text: obviously sides with the guys who sign his check.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: Coach we're just in agreement
dialog: that the pitcher can't wear
text: the headphones.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: Matt makes a good point about
dialog: safety.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: C'mon, you're kidding me
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: It would be terrible for the
dialog: kid to get hurt because he
dialog: couldn't hear a dangerous
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: He's gotta lose the
text: headphones.
text: CONOR turns to the field and starts calling out to his
dialog: players.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Bring it in you guys! Bring
dialog: it in!
text: CONOR waves the players in to a circle at home plate.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I want you guys to explain to
dialog: them why they lost Maurice
dialog: and why Freddy can't wear
text: headphones.
text: The KIKUYUS have gathered at home plate.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: And why the IBOS and the
dialog: PYGMIES have nice uniforms
dialog: and we have shitty Tee
dialog: shirts.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: Easy coach, you're already on
dialog: a warning.
text: CONOR turns in frustration and addresses the KIKUYUS.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: This is the commissioner and
dialog: this is the coach of the
dialog: goofiest team in the league
dialog: and they kicked Maurice off
dialog: the team because he was born
dialog: two weeks late and
dialog: they're makin' Freddy take
text: his head phones off.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: Fellas you understand that
dialog: everyone has to follow the
dialog: same rules.
text: The KIKUYUS stand stunned at the news of MAURICE's
text: departure. G-BABY blurts out an unclear protest.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: That some weak ass bullshit,
dialog: you bitch ass mothafucking
dialog: bustas.
text: The KIKUYUS giggle, MATT HYLAND steps in and tries to
dialog: intimidate G-BABY.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: What did you say?
text: G-BABY cowers a little as MATT has stepped close to
text: him, CONOR takes another step to MATT.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I believe he said "That is
dialog: some weak ass bullshit" and
dialog: then he referred to you and
dialog: the commissioner as "Bitch
dialog: ass motherfucking bustas".
text: MATT is shocked at CONOR's retell.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Was that it G-Baby?
text: G-BABY smiles and nods.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Yeah, that's it.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, and I agree with him --
dialog: you are a bit of a bitch ass
dialog: motherfucking busta.
text: The KIKUYUS giggle and MATT steps into CONOR's face.
text: CONOR smiles, dying for an excuse to blow off some of
text: his pre-bet tension. AL CARTER pulls CONOR away from
speaker_heading: MATT
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: You are on thin ice pal, I
dialog: can have you removed from
dialog: this league.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: This is my last game. I
dialog: quit.
text: The KIKUYUS react with, "What?" and "What he say?"
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I'm out, I got business out
dialog: of town.
text: AL CARTER changes course.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: Alright listen, Kikuyus back
text: on the field.
dialog: (to Freddy)
dialog: Son, no head phones. Coaches
text: back to the dugouts.
text: MATT, AL and the UMPIRE walk away. CONOR turns to see
text: the KIKUYUS staring at him. Their faces register the
text: disappointment of CONOR's pending departure.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: C'mon let's go. Get out
dialog: there.
text: The KIKUYUS still stare. He loses it...
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: What did you expect?! That I
dialog: was gonna coach this team for
dialog: the whole year?!
text: These words fall like daggers on the already depleted
text: spirits of the KIKUYUS. The players slowly wander
text: back to their positions.
speaker_heading: GAME - LATER
text: FREDDY is nervous and wild as he walks in two runs.
text: The IBOS show no mercy as MATT HYLAND encourages the
text: IBOS to taunt FREDDY. FREDDY is defenseless and his
text: confidence is shot.
text: FREDDY begins to aim the ball slowly. The IBOS now
text: start to crank it all over the field. The rout is on.
scene_heading: KIKUYUS BENCH
text: CONOR talks with TICKY through the fence.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You guys suck.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Whatever, I just quit.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: I'll see ya' at the game.
text: TICKY walks away as CONOR checks his watch. A nervous
text: chill shoots down CONOR's spine as the bet is only a
text: few hours away.
speaker_heading: GAME - LATER
text: The IBOS scream a mean spirited rendition of the
text: "2,4,6,8" song, quickly followed by an equally smug
dialog: chant of "Who's gonna knock you out? IBOS gonna knock
dialog: you out!".
text: The KIKUYUS mill slowly through the dugout. They just
text: got creamed by the IBOS and CONOR just quit. The
text: players appear abandoned and humiliated.
text: CONOR is hustling to collect the equipment, obviously
text: needing to get out of there. CALVERT breaks the
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Next practice is Saturday
dialog: right? 11:00? Someone gonna
dialog: be here right?
text: CONOR responds diplomatically.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, I'll make sure
dialog: someone's here for practice
dialog: on Saturday.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Yo coach you could ride us
dialog: home right?
text: CONOR stops for a second and looks into the defeated
text: faces. He checks his watch, debates and then...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You guys are on your own
dialog: tonight. It's early still so
dialog: go straight home.
text: CONOR continues to pack the equipment.
scene_heading: EXT. UNITED CENTER - NIGHT
text: CONOR shuffles through the scalping scene, he finds
text: TICKY who is mid-transaction.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: 250 for the pair.
speaker_heading: BUYER
text: First quarter's almost over.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Look pal I'm not emotional
dialog: about this shit, you're
dialog: standing here with a Miami
text: Jersey and a dorky Dolphin
dialog: hat. You got 250 or I walk
dialog: and I guarantee you they
dialog: won't last to that hot dog
dialog: stand.
text: The BUYER is moved by TICKY's pitch and hands over the
text: money. CONOR admires TICKY savvy.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: That was nice, how you doin'?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Not bad, floors went for a
dialog: grand, even the singles. I
dialog: might eat ten mezzanine but I
dialog: can live.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What's the score?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: It's close, they're trading
dialog: baskets. I didn't save any
dialog: good pairs I didn't think
dialog: you'd want to -
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: No, I'm gonna watch through
dialog: the glass.
scene_heading: EXT. SPORTS BAR - NIGHT
text: CONOR and TICKY stand outside the large plate glass
text: window of a sports bar attached to the UNITED CENTER.
dialog: Being outside allows them the freedom to yell and move
text: around without hassle from the owner or patrons.
text: CONOR paces and then looks in with TICKY to see the
dialog: action.
speaker_heading: BIG SCREEN TV
text: Through the glass we watch a big screen TV that shows
text: the game to have a strange, slow quality. MIAMI, the
text: team in black, in-bounds the ball and a guy takes a
text: shot at the buzzer. It misses.
text: CONOR AND TICKY OUTSIDE THE BAR
text: CONOR and TICKY are frozen in their stances until the
text: shot misses. CONOR explodes with emotion.
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: SHIT! Hardaway is ice cold.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: It's alright, one quarter to
dialog: go Bulls are winning by 3
dialog: points and you're gettin'
dialog: six.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Ticky, beware the sleeping
dialog: giant. You know it, you were
dialog: here the night Tommy and me
dialog: had won four grand on the
dialog: Bear's game... but we bet the
dialog: whole thing against the Bulls
dialog: giving 9.
text: TICKY reflects on the pain.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Yeah, the sleeping giant
dialog: scored 21 in the fourth
dialog: quarter.
text: CONOR is white with fear as feeding on his own
text: adrenaline has made him woozy.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I don't know what I'm gonna
dialog: do Ticky.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You're gonna ride this bitch
dialog: out, if you catch it we go to
text: Duffy's and stick his nose in
dialog: shit.
text: CONOR is staring off.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: If it goes down, I gotta
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Where you gonna go?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Got a cousin in Boston.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: Paints cars.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: You can't stiff Fink.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Nah, Fink gets the car, Jimmy
dialog: and his company gets the
dialog: "fuck you".
text: CONOR is noticeably shaken, TICKY tries to cheer him.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: C'mon man, you're up right
dialog: now, ride it out.
text: TICKY checks the game through the glass. CONOR widens
dialog: his stance for balance.
text: WE DISSOLVE THROUGH THE GLASS TO LATER IN THE GAME
text: We again watch the game through the soft haze of the
text: plate glass window. The players appear slow but
text: frantic, with less than 30 seconds to go, the game is
text: tied. A tall white guy throws up a long awkward shot.
text: TICKY's voice narrates the action.
speaker_heading: TICKY
text: Kukoc throws up a prayer...
dialog: it's good, holy shit! Holy
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: CONOR (0.S.)
dialog: Should I look? Should I look?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: NO! NO! You're not looking
dialog: is working, keep not looking!
text: We see CONOR hunched over staring at the ground, fully
dialog: engaged in the betting man's lucky, "Not watching
dialog: ritual".
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: How much time is left?
speaker_heading: TICKY
text: Eleven seconds left, Bulls by
text: two, Miami has the ball at
dialog: half court they're comin'
dialog: offa' twenty second time out.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Oh God Ticky am I outta the
dialog: woods?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Miami will shoot the three to
dialog: try an' win it. They're on
dialog: the road that's a rule --
dialog: never go to overtime on the
dialog: road. If they make it you
dialog: win, if they miss it you win.
text: CONOR yells at the ground.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What's happening?!
text: A FAMILY walks past slowing slightly to observe CONOR
text: who appears rabid as he continues to scream and plead
text: with the ground while pacing in circles.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Talk to me, what's
dialog: happening?! Oh God never
dialog: again Ticky, NEVER AGAIN!
text: The FAMILY rushes off as TICKY begins to narrate.
speaker_heading: TICKY
text: Mashburn is taking the ball
dialog: from the ref... inbounds to
dialog: Brown... they're trying to
text: foul him he passes to
dialog: Hardaway.
text: CONOR can't resist, he jumps up and presses his face
text: to the glass.
speaker_heading: TICKY
text: Hardaway jumps behind the
text: three point arc... shoots...
dialog: it's.. OFF! He missed!...
dialog: Mourning tips it... it's
dialog: good!
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: TICKY
text: Mourning tipped it in off the
text: glass with no time left.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Tied up? Tied up?!
text: TICKY has fallen silent, he breathes heavy trying to
text: regulate his heart as he utters the fatal words...
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Overtime.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Overtime, I'm fucked.
text: CONOR rests his burning forehead against the cool
text: glass of the window. He closes his eyes trying to
dialog: accept the 5 minutes of prolonged torture...
speaker_heading: MINUTES LATER
text: CONOR leans his back against the glass as TICKY
text: narrates in a solemn voice.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Uhm, Miami has the ball with
dialog: 24 seconds down by 8, wait
text: Pippen steals, fouled.
dialog: Shooting two.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What am I gonna do Tick?
text: TICKY avoids the question by continuing to narrate the
text: game. Like a death sentence read by a judge he drones
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: TICKY
text: Pippen hits the second, Hulls
text: by 10. 15 seconds left.
text: CONOR begins to lose it, the reality of his situation
text: coupled with his crashing adrenaline causes a rush of
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: My God Ticky, I was down 11
dialog: grand before I made this bet.
speaker_heading: TICKY
text: Hardaway drives untouched,
text: lay up. Hulls by 8.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: When this bet misses I'm down
text: over 24 grand with the vig.
text: CONOR turns away as his emotions start to get the best
text: of him. CONOR begins to slide down the wall of glass,
text: he sits on the ground. TICKY continues in monotone.
speaker_heading: TICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Bulls with the ball 9 seconds
text: left they pass around the
dialog: trap, long pass... Ope picked
dialog: off...
text: TICKY's hand grabs CONOR's shoulder for unity. He
text: pulls him up.
speaker_heading: TICKY
text: Hardaway at half court...
text: CONOR and TICKY both lean into the glass watching the
dialog: last shot.
speaker_heading: BIG SCREEN TV
text: We see the final shot floating through the air with
text: incredible arc, nearly straight up.
text: CONOR AND TICKY OUTSIDE THE BAR
text: We watch them frozen against the glass, we await an
text: outburst telling the result.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: IT'S GOOD! IT'S GOOD!
text: TICKY screams and yells and runs around in circles,
text: CONOR studies the screen trying to find the score.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: ARE YOU SURE WHAT'S THE FINAL
dialog: SCORE? !
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: BULLS BY FIVE YOU COVERED!
dialog: YOU COVERED! TWELVE G'S
speaker_heading: BABY !
text: CONOR shoots his arms up in a "V" as if he just
text: floored the champ. TICKY embraces CONOR and lifts him
text: as if he were his corner man. They circle the asphalt
text: outside the window triumphant for once.
scene_heading: INT. DUFFY' S BAR - NIGHT
text: A mellow Thursday night crowd is disturbed by the
text: raucous entry of CONOR and TICKY who are well on their
dialog: way to a "fall down drunk".
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (drunkenly sings)
dialog: I love it when you call me
dialog: big Pa-Pa
dialog: wave your hands in the air-
text: CONOR looks at TICKY who shoots his hands above his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: If you's a true playa'...'
dialog: cause I see some ladies
dialog: tonight that should be havin'
dialog: my baby...
speaker_heading: TICKY (sings)
dialog: Baby!
text: TICKY and CONOR continue to sing and dance. DUFFY
text: comes out of his office with a "Racing Form" in his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: You should take this party
dialog: somewhere else.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Kiss our ass Duffy, he beat
dialog: Fink tonight for twelve
dialog: grand.
text: CONOR smiles in triumph.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: You got my 6 grand?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Put in this tape.
text: TICKY hands a tape over the bar, PETER the bartender
text: accepts it. With a nod from DUFFY, PETER puts it in.
text: The NOTORIOUS B.I.G.'s Big Poppa starts pumping out of
text: the stereo. The few patrons look up trying to figure
text: out if they're still in the same bar.
text: TICKY downs a shot while dancing. CONOR has retired
text: to a seat at the bar. DUFFY stands on the other side
text: studying him.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: So you beat Fink for 12
dialog: large?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I dunno.
text: TICKY jumps in.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Whaddya mean you don't know?
dialog: We're rollin' it on the Bulls
text: Saturday night.
text: CONOR looks to DUFFY for his approval about letting
dialog: his money ride.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Let me know, I'll take that action on Ticky's number
dialog: if you wanna play it.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: We'll bet it with Fink.
dialog: Bulls didn't cover tonight,
dialog: they got Vancouver on
dialog: Saturday, they'll cover. 24
dialog: grand.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, 24 grand.
text: DUFFY stops the tape. He studies CONOR before pushing
dialog: his buttons.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Then what? You think you won
dialog: the game of life? What next?
dialog: Huh?
text: CONOR stands drunk, unsteady. He stares at DUFFY who
text: just asked CONOR the question he has no answer for.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: If you win that? Whaddya'
dialog: gonna do with your life?
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Coach little league baseball
dialog: for black kids?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I DON'T KNOW!... I dunno
dialog: Duffy, maybe I'm just a loser
dialog: right? Not like you Mister
dialog: Big Time huh? I'm just a
dialog: loser.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Get ‘outta here you're
dialog: startin' to sound like your
dialog: father.
text: CONOR lunges across the bar, TICKY and the bartender
text: grab CONOR and pull him towards the door...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: So what?! I am my father!
dialog: He gambled, lost it all -
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Go home-
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Gambled away his family. I
dialog: got nobody to lose Duffy!
dialog: Nobody to gamble away!
text: The whole bar is looking at him now. CONOR has calmed
text: and now stands by the door about to leave.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: You tell me Duffy, what am I
dialog: supposed to do? Huh? what
dialog: would my dad do?!
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Okay, O'Neill, bring me my
dialog: money tomorrow. Night night,
dialog: time for beddy bye.
text: The BARFLIES giggle. CONOR turns in the doorway and
text: steps back towards the bar as something doesn't sit
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Don't talk down to me, maybe
dialog: I will coach baseball, MAYBE
dialog: I WILL, YOU DON'T SHIT ABOUT
text: THOSE KIDS! YOU DON'T KNOW
dialog: SHIT!
text: TICKY pulls CONOR outside.
scene_heading: EXT. DUFFY'S BAR - NIGHT
text: TICKY is holding CONOR who is still trying to fight
text: his way back into the bar.
text: CONOR is beginning to break down as his drunkenness
text: has mixed strangely with his adrenaline crash. He
text: stops fighting and stares at TICKY.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I don't know why, but
dialog: coaching was the best thing I
dialog: ever did. It made me feel
dialog: good.
text: TICKY tries to put an arm around CONOR. CONOR shoves
text: him away and stumbles into the night.
scene_heading: INT. CONOR'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: CONOR stares out the window of his apartment listening
text: to a local sports radio show naming the pitching
text: match-ups for Major League Baseball games around the
dialog: league.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Mets are at Houston, I love
dialog: all these non-division games.
dialog: It's gonna be a beautiful day
dialog: at Wrigley today, I dunno
dialog: about beautiful for the
text: cubbies, Maddux back to the
dialog: scene of the crime against
dialog: Wood? Forget it, anyway...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: them.
dialog: stack
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CONOR
speaker_heading: CONOR
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: there
text: picks up two stacks of bills and thumbs through
text: A knock at the door causes CONOR to slip one
text: in his pocket and another under the radio.
text: grabs the bat and stands to the side of the
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: It's Ticky?
text: doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: TICKY (cont'd)
dialog: I'm alone, I promise. I'll
dialog: take off my crusty underwear
dialog: and stand naked in your
dialog: hallway to prove it.
text: still doesn't move.
speaker_heading: TICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Fine I'm gonna lay on the
dialog: ground and slide my nuts
dialog: under your door until you let
dialog: me in.
text: opens the door with bat in hand. TICKY stands
text: alone. CONOR moves to let him in.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I paid Duffy, we're square.
speaker_heading: TICKY (cont'd)
dialog: Did you call Fink? Are we
dialog: down on the Bulls? How many
dialog: points are we givin'?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Fink wants to see that I
dialog: still have his money.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Great let's go by there and
dialog: flash 'em some cabbage and
dialog: bet the 12 grand like we
dialog: said.
text: CONOR is quiet and TICKY senses something...
speaker_heading: TICKY (cont'd)
dialog: What's with you, we’re gonna
dialog: do this right?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, okay... I just gotta go
text: by the field in Cabrini.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Jesus Christ I thought you
dialog: quit?
text: CONOR snaps.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I QUIT! YOU BET YOUR ASS I
speaker_heading: QUIT!
dialog: (composes himself)
dialog: I gotta drop the equipment
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INT. STATIONWAGON - DAY
text: CONOR continues to listen to the radio. A Cubs pre-
text: game show hypes the match-ups between the hall-of-
text: famer Greg Maddux and rookie phenom Carey Woods.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: The stationwagon pulls up behind the Backstop and we
text: can see that the KIKUYUS are arriving for practice.
text: CONOR jumps out of the car and grabs the equipment bag
text: and runs to the dugout for a quick drop off.
speaker_heading: FIELD
text: The KIKUYUS gather around CONOR as he starts to leave.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: You here to tell us you quit?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: That's old news.
text: CONOR surveys their faces, all are emotionless except
text: G-BABY who can't help but smile, happy to see CONOR.
speaker_heading: CONOR explains.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I left a message for Coach
dialog: Jimmy that I was just gonna
dialog: drop off the equipment today,
dialog: he should be here any minute.
text: The KIKUYUS stare at him, they know JIMMY will never
text: show. No one will. CONOR can no longer look them in
text: the face. The car horn blasts.
speaker_heading: TICKY
text: TICKY is standing outside the car smoking a cigarette.
text: He continues to reach through the window, sounding the
text: horn in frustration.
text: CONOR starts walking back to the car.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Yeah, keep goin', sucka'!
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: Yeah, we goin' to the ship by
dialog: ourself!
speaker_heading: CAR
text: CONOR returns to the car and looks at TICKY.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I can't bet the 12 grand.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Fine, I understand. We
dialog: should just bet 6 grand and
dialog: wait till -
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: No, I can't.
text: Off camera we hear ALONZO yell...
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Get your bummy ass outta
dialog: here! We a betta team with
dialog: out you anyway!
text: CONOR storms back to the KIKUYUS. The players are a
text: little scared of CONOR's energy.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: HAH! I'm not even listening
dialog: to you... So go ‘head, good
dialog: luck on your own. Call me
dialog: when you get to the "ship"
dialog: without me.
text: CONOR storms away again. The KIKUYUS exchange looks
text: of confusion as CONOR continues to argue with himself.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I'm so glad I'm done with
dialog: this. So, good luck... HAH!
dialog: See you later.
text: CONOR again reaches his car.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Can we please go, if Fink
dialog: think's we're comin' we
dialog: should at least stop by, if
dialog: we don't wanna bet it we
dialog: don't...
text: TICKY realizes he's talking to himself as CONOR has
text: stormed back towards the players.
speaker_heading: PLAYERS
text: CONOR again stands angry before the KIKUYUS.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: How many you guys ever been
dialog: to Wrigley field to see the
dialog: Cubs play?
text: The KIKUYUS don't move, an admission that none of them
dialog: has.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: HAH! That's what I thought!
dialog: You guys will never be a team
dialog: until you see it played
dialog: right!
text: CONOR picks up the equipment bag and walks back to the
text: car in disgust. The KIKUYUS watch in confusion.
speaker_heading: CAR
text: CONOR returns to the car and TICKY makes a soft plea.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Listen, you're stressed out.
dialog: Let's grab a bite, we can
dialog: call Fink and lay the bet.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'M OUT TICKY! YOU HEAR ME?!
dialog: I'M OUT!
text: We see in CONOR the exhausted relief of a man who just
text: exorcised a demon. He softly adds...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm done. I'm done with all
dialog: that.
text: TICKY is silent a moment before continuing with his
dialog: quest.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Well then you gotta call Fink
dialog: for me, you can't just
dialog: dissolve a partnership like
dialog: that I mean -
text: CONOR yells to the KIKUYUS...
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Let's go! Get in the car,
dialog: the game starts in 20
dialog: minutes.
text: The kids rush the wagon pushing TICKY out of the way
text: as LOUIS and FREDDY jump in the front seat. The rest
text: of the kids dive in all the other doors and through
text: the large window at the rear. CONOR has the car
text: started and is backing up as TICKY runs along side.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: This is against everything
dialog: that's right.
text: CONOR zooms away, the car packed with screaming
text: KIKUYUS. TICKY shakes his head and waves his arms
text: pissed off for the minute it takes him to realize he's
dialog: not in Kansas anymore.
text: He looks nervously around before trying to figure his
dialog: safest route home.
scene_heading: EXT. WRIGLEY FIELD - DAY
text: The stadium is swarming with fans trying to get in.
text: CONOR has the kids in a tight circle, he counts heads
text: as he approaches the mayhem.
text: CONOR makes eye contact with a YOUNG SCALPER.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SCALPER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: 12 seats.
speaker_heading: TICKY
dialog: Bleachers? Upper deck?
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: Field boxes over the Cubs
text: dugout.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SCALPER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Yeah that's possible, even if
dialog: they existed that would cost
dialog: 1500.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'll give you $1200.
text: CONOR flashes a stack of bills from his pocket. The
text: YOUNG SCALPER sets off into the crowd.
text: The KIKUYUS are remarkably well behaved as they all
text: stare in awe at the beautiful old ball park.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
text: It looks small from the
text: train, but up close it's big.
text: We see Wrigley from a low angle, the eyes of a child.
text: The ball park is gorgeous.
text: THE YOUNG SCALPER returns with a triumphant smile and
text: shows CONOR a stack of tickets.
text: CONOR examines them like a pro and hands the YOUNG
text: SCALPER a fold of bills.
scene_heading: INT. WRIGLEY FIELD - DAY
text: CONOR escorts the KIKUYUS through the inside ramps of
text: Wrigley. The boys move slowly, their senses are
text: overloaded with new sounds and sights. They hand
text: their tickets to a young stern USHER with a suit
text: jacket who examines them and then the tickets. He
text: shakes his head... unhooks a rope...
speaker_heading: USHER
dialog: Right this way gentlemen.
speaker_heading: FIELD
text: We see the dream like green of the playing field that
text: dances like magic in the minds of the boys seeing it
text: for the first time. CONOR is stopped in his tracks.
dialog: The majesty of the color and precision of the
dialog: beautiful landscape reminds him that you never get
text: used to the brilliance of a major league field.
speaker_heading: BOX SEATS
text: The USHER leads the KIKUYUS to the three boxes that
text: border the Cubs' dugout. The kids respectfully take
text: their seats, still awed by the experience.
text: ALONZO points to a guy picking up a bat a few feet
dialog: from them.
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Check it out, it's Sammy Sosa
dialog: yo.
text: The KIKUYUS all rush to that corner of the dugout and
text: begin trying to get the player's attention. They all
text: cali, "Hey Sammy" and "Sosa over here!". We see that
text: the back of the players jersey reads BB denoting "bat
text: boy", but the KIKUYUS remain clueless. Except for
text: CALVERT...
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: That ain't Sosa.
text: The KIKUYUS jump on CALVERT, yelling at him to "shut
text: up", "It's Sosa!". CALVERT walks away from that
text: corner of the dugout.
text: Suddenly we see CALVERT's eyes go wide... SAMMY SOSA
text: is standing right in front of him talking with the
text: batting coach. CALVERT's mouth goes immediately dry
dialog: and speech is impossible.
text: SAMMY SOSA sees CALVERT who musters a small wave.
text: SAMMY smiles and waves back as he continues talking
text: with the batting coach. The rest of the KIKUYUS now
text: see SAMMY and crowd near CALVERT's seat. They call
text: out, "Sammy whassup'" and they shake clenched fists at
dialog: him.
text: SAMMY smiles and approaches the KIKUYUS. He offers
text: his clenched fist and exchanges "pounds" with the kids
dialog: who in this moment have died and gone to heaven.
text: CONOR smiles bigger than we've ever seen as he watches
text: the boys interact with Chicago's greatest slugger.
scene_heading: CUBS GAME - MONTAGE
text: The boys eat and spill ice cream, soda and hot dogs as
text: they continually leave their seats to cheer the Cubs
text: who are having an uncharacteristically offensive day
text: against MADDUX.
text: We watch them sing "Take me out to the Ball game"
text: during the seventh inning stretch.
text: CONOR joins in the somewhat hokey but cool tradition.
text: The game ends and fans fill the aisles to go home.
text: Never wanting to leave, the boys hang over the dugout
text: and call out to their favorite players of the day.
text: CONOR sits by himself staring into center field
text: wearing a truly satisfied smile.
scene_heading: INT. IMMACULATE CONCEPTION ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY
text: CONOR waves to SISTER MOLINA as he passes her office
text: an route to ELIZABETH's class.
text: The kids have long since gone home and CONOR again
text: finds himself outside ELIZABETH's closed door. He
text: knocks and then waits for a response.
text: CONOR suddenly remembers something and jumps out of
text: the way just as the door swings open. ELIZABETH
text: stands in the door way.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Missed me.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Conor O'Neill.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I wanted to apologize for the
dialog: other night, I was wrong.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I heard about the Cubs game.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Do you have any idea how much
dialog: that meant to them?
text: CONOR quietly accepts the praise, then...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I was thinking about how you
dialog: knew before dinner the other
dialog: night that I didn't really
dialog: work with Jimmy and them and
dialog: that I had a big gambling
dialog: debt and... If you were there
dialog: to offer me a job... it might
dialog: still stand.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're not here to ask me out
dialog: again?
text: CONOR tries to read her, he guesses.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Uh... no?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Am I s'posed to be?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We need a physical activities
dialog: coordinator.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You and me?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (she laughs)
dialog: No, the school. Someone to
dialog: organize games, sports,
dialog: supervise recess we'd love to
dialog: get a guy because -
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I think you like me.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I just got this gut feeling
dialog: when you laughed before --
dialog: you were looking right at me.
text: They stare at each other, ELIZABETH offers...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Are you interested?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: In the job?
text: ELIZABETH breaks the stare by laughing, CONOR starts
text: laughing too.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What are we talking about
dialog: here?! I'm interested, I'm
dialog: interested in anything
dialog: I'm supposed to be interested
dialog: in.
text: They both laugh as we see them in a long shot from
text: down the hallway. The sun threatens its early
text: departure as the long shadows of early spring cast a
text: hopeful light.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: A fresh energy surrounds the KIKUYUS as news of their
text: trip to Wrigley has spread through the league. The
text: boys are warming up for a game against the BAKONGOS as
text: CONOR is approached by AL CARTER and MATT HYLAND.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Afternoon gentlemen.
speaker_heading: AL CARTEER
dialog: I heard you took your team to
dialog: a Cubs game.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, that's right.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: I didn't see any paperwork
dialog: signatures of consent from
dialog: the parents or-
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: It was a spur of the moment
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: I thought you were quitting.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I decided coaching was more
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: AL CARTER
dialog: I could toss you out, you're
dialog: on a suspension. But I guess
dialog: you only got two games left.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Three, counting the
dialog: Championship.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: You'd have to win both games
dialog: to make the championship.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: We can beat these guys.
text: AL CARTER and MATT HYLAND exchange smirks of
text: disbelief. MATT offers...
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: Even if you find a way to win
dialog: today, you gotta play us
dialog: again Saturday, we're
dialog: undefeated.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, and after we beat you
dialog: we play for the championship.
text: CONOR walks away.
speaker_heading: BAKONGOS GAME
text: Emotions run high on both sides as the game is
text: incredibly close. The BAKONGOS COACH argues a call at
dialog: home place.
text: CONOR yells at the infield ump for missing a call at
dialog: first base.
speaker_heading: STANDS
text: The stands behind the KIKUYUS are almost full with
text: about thirty fans. The KIKUYUS' fans are invested in
text: every play of this game, the tension continues to
dialog: build.
speaker_heading: DUGOUT
text: CONOR addresses the boys who seem tired and drained
dialog: from the high intensity this game has assumed.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Okay this is it, last licks,
dialog: we're down 9 to 8. We've got
dialog: Alonzo -
text: We see ALONZO holding a bat with his game face on.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Ray-Ray-
text: RAY-RAY who kisses the gold cross around his neck
text: before looking to the heavens for support.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Freddy -
text: FREDDY smiles, lost in the world of his walkman.
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: After that is Louis, Tiki and
dialog: Calvert -
text: We find CALVERT furiously sucking on his inhaler.
text: CALVERT raises his arm as a sign of "I'm okay".
speaker_heading: GAME - LATER
text: The BAKONGO pitcher fires a third strike past ALONZO,
dialog: one out.
text: RAY-RAY takes four straight pitches for a walk.
text: CONOR grabs FREDDY.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Don't swing until you look
text: over here and I nod "yes".
dialog: Okay?
text: FREDDY takes four straight pitches, he goes to first
text: sending RAY-RAY to second.
text: LOUIS approaches CONOR and awaits his orders.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Don't swing until you look
text: over here and I nod "yes".
dialog: Okay?
text: LOUIS watches two balls go by, he looks to CONOR who
text: shakes his head "No".
text: LOUIS watches two strikes go by and looks to CONOR.
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: Obviously struggles but shakes his head "No".
text: LOUIS takes ball three, full count. He again looks to
speaker_heading: CONOR.
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: Takes a moment before shaking his head "No."
text: LOUIS waits for the pitch, he let's it go... BALL
text: FOUR. Bases loaded and TIKI steps to CONOR.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Don't swing until you look
text: over here and I nod "yes".
dialog: Okay?
text: TIKI stares at CONOR and then out towards the loaded
text: bases. CONOR nervously shakes TIKI.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Tiki, did you hear me?
text: TIKI gives a halfhearted nod as he steps to the plate.
speaker_heading: TIKI
text: TIKI watches two balls go by, checking with CONOR each
text: time. Both times CONOR shakes, "No" to TIKI's dismay.
text: At 2 and © TIKI looks to CONOR who shakes "No". TIKI
text: awaits the next pitch and swings hitting a feeble pop
text: up right to the pitcher who catches it making the
dialog: second out.
text: TIKI returns to the dugout as CONOR stares at him with
text: disgust for his disrespect. CONOR tries to go on.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Okay, two down who's up?
text: CONOR looks to the bench to see CALVERT attached to
text: his inhaler looking exhausted but stable. CALVERT's
text: mom rubs his shoulders from over the short fence
text: separating the players from the stands. CALVERT
text: shakes his head "No" in an effort to communicate his
dialog: inability to bat.
text: CONOR looks down the bench to see his only sub, G-BABY
text: staring at him.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: G-Baby you're up.
text: G-BABY fearlessly grabs a bat and a helmet and is
text: running toward home plate as CONOR goes to the ump to
dialog: announce the substitution.
speaker_heading: HOME PLATE
text: CONOR is met by the BAKONGO COACH who is curious about
text: the potential "ringer" being brought in at the last
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Blue, I've got Jarius Evans
text: batting for Calvert Tibbs.
speaker_heading: BAKONGO COACH
dialog: Wait Sir, I need to find
dialog: Evans on my roster -
text: The BAKONGO COACH is about to raise a stink until he
text: sees the diminutive G-BABY.
speaker_heading: BAKONGO COACH (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, Okay, he's here... Jarius
dialog: Evans.
text: The BAKONGO players throw taunts like, "that bat's
dialog: bigger than him" "Robbie just throw it in', "He too
dialog: scared to swing".
text: CONOR pulls G-BABY from the batter's box where he's
text: already dug himself in.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Listen I don't want you to
dialog: swing until you look over
dialog: here and I nod my head "yes".
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: I ain't no busta coach.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I know, I had those guys
dialog: takin' pitches too, so just
dialog: look to me for a sign.
text: G-BABY nods as he goes back to the batter's box.
speaker_heading: GAME - LATER
text: G-BABY watches the first two balls go by and smiles at
text: the prospect of a walk. CONOR smiles shaking his head
dialog: "No" after each pitch.
text: The BAKONGO pitcher fires a pitch as hard as he can
text: that G-BABY has to fall backwards to avoid getting hit
text: by. BALL THREE.
text: G-BABY nervously resets in the box as the BAKONGO
text: pitcher now throws the ball softly over the plate for
text: strike one. CONOR shakes "No".
text: The next pitch comes quickly right over the plate,
text: "Strike Two!" The BAKONGO PITCHER has his confidence
text: back. The BAKONGO COACH joins the BAKONGO players in
dialog: reminding the pitcher that, "One more just like that
dialog: and we go to the playoffs". "Right over the plate and
dialog: sit him down".
text: CONOR approaches the plate.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Time out Blue.
text: G-BABY walks to CONOR who kneels down to see him eye
dialog: to eye.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Listen, you can swing if you
dialog: want but you don't have to.
dialog: Okay, if you go down looking
dialog: none of us care. You hear
dialog: me? You get back in there
dialog: and you do what you think is
dialog: best.
text: G-BABY nods, too focused on his own adrenaline to hear
dialog: what CONOR just said.
text: G-BABY digs in and faces his fate. The BAKONGO
text: pitcher sets and fires a pitch toward the plate. G-
text: BABY swings late but catches enough of the ball to
text: send it towards first base. The FIRST BASEMAN heads
text: towards the line extending his glove towards the
text: ground. The ball sneaks just inside first base and
text: beyond the reach of the FIRST BASEMAN's glove.
text: G-BABY instinctively sprints towards first base and as
text: he sees the ball rolling into right field he extends
text: his arms above his head.
text: CONOR's hands shoot above his head and the KIKUYUS
text: meet at home plate as FREDDY and RAY-RAY score to win
text: the game. G-BABY gets swamped by the KIKUYUS.
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF CONOR'S ROUTINE
text: The Rolling Stones, "Gimme Shelter" accompanies CONOR
dialog: on today's errands.
text: We see CONOR roll out of his apartment his hair
text: freshly slicked from a hot shower. He jumps in his
dialog: car.
text: CONOR approaches the CUTE RECEPTIONIST at Morgan
text: Stanley who hands him a check, he smiles and leaves.
text: CONOR pulls up to the BARBER SHOP and hops out.
text: Inside the barber shop he gets playfully shoved around
text: by the guys hanging around. BARBER is a huge fat man
text: in a comfortable chair.
text: CONOR respectfully hands him an envelope. BARBER nods
text: and CONOR leaves.
text: CONOR loads four boxes of liquor into the
text: stationwagon. DUFFY jokes with CONOR as their
text: differences appear settled.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: The KIKUYUS stand along the fence of their dugout
text: watching with fear as the undefeated
text: IBOS warm up. The IBOS are a well oiled machine as
text: they fire the ball around the field with drilled
text: precision. CONOR interrupts them.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What's everybody looking at?
text: CONOR stands at the mouth of the dugout holding the
text: boxes of booze he got from DUFFY's.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Listen up, I need you guys to
dialog: sit down.
text: The team sits on the bench as CONOR begins.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: You guys made me proud
dialog: against the Bakongos. Not
dialog: because you won, but because
dialog: you played like a team. And
dialog: because you played like a
dialog: team I thought you should
text: look like a team.
text: CONOR opens the first box of booze and pulls out a
text: brand new crisp white jersey with Kelley green piping.
text: The boys are silenced by the beauty of the lettering
text: that reads "KIKUYUS" on the front. CONOR turns the
text: jersey around to see that it reads "TIBBS" with number
text: 52 on it. A Kelly green shamrock and a scripted
text: "Duffy's Tavern" monicker adorns the right sleeve.
speaker_heading: CONOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Calvert, I believe this is
dialog: yours.
text: Like Knights of the round table the players stand when
text: their name is called and accept their uniform with the
dialog: pride of royal order.
text: ALONZO has pulled open the other boxes revealing
text: pants, socks, hats and green Nike cleats of varying
dialog: size.
speaker_heading: IBOS DUGOUT
text: MATT HYLAND gives orders to his quiet team that is
text: terrified by their overbearing coach.
speaker_heading: MATT HYLAND
dialog: ...And if you don't know what
dialog: to do look at me for a sign
dialog: or instruction. I'll always
dialog: make the call. You got that?
text: We hear the sound of commotion building in the KIKUYU
text: dugout. The IBOS stand up to the fence of their
dialog: dugout to see...
scene_heading: KIKUYUS DUGOUT
text: With no shame the KIKUYUS have begun to strip in broad
text: daylight, anxious to transform into baseball players.
speaker_heading: STANDS
text: CONOR looks to see the stands filling up. DUFFY
text: arrives with his wife. ELIZABETH sits with a few of
text: the mothers. ELIZABETH and CONOR exchange smiles.
scene_heading: KIKUYUS DUGOUT
text: The KIKUYUS stand in front of their dugout subtly
text: preening and fixing each other's uniforms.
dialog: They try to mask their pride, but we can tell that
text: they look at themselves differently.
text: RAY-RAY wears a batting helmet and grabs a bat as he's
dialog: up first.
speaker_heading: GAME - LATER
text: TIKI hits a bases loaded grounder up the middle and we
text: see the KIKUYUS ride their new confidence to an early
dialog: 4 run lead.
speaker_heading: GAME - LATER
text: The IBOS have picked up steam as their pitcher
text: continues to mow down the KIKUYUS in order. We feel
text: the momentum shift as the IBOS get louder with their
dialog: chant of "Who's gonna knock you out? Ibos gonna knock
dialog: you out!"
text: The last inning ALONZO pitches in to a jam and CONOR
text: barks the umpire as he approaches the mound.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Pitching change, third base
text: in to pitch.
text: We see FREDDY cowering at third base afraid to pitch.
text: CONOR gets to the mound and ALONZO happily gives up
text: the ball in the tense situation. FREDDY has arrived
text: at the mound and looks at CONOR with abject fear.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: Listen Freddy, we're up 4 to
dialog: 2. You get one guy out we go
dialog: to the 'ship.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: I can't pitch, they're really
dialog: gonna sweat me. They gonna
dialog: yell and then I can't think.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You're in charge out here,
dialog: don't rush. You can hear Big
dialog: Poppa in your head, right?
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Yeah, just sometimes I lose
dialog: the rhythm.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: It's okay just relax and take
dialog: a minute to get it back when
dialog: you need to. Freddy, you're
dialog: great. I'm not worried.
text: FREDDY smiles at CONOR's confident remarks. CONOR
text: leaves the mound.
speaker_heading: GAME - LATER
text: FREDDY winds up and throws, BALL FOUR, he walks ina
text: run. The score is now 4 to 3 and the KIKUYUS cling to
text: a one run lead. FREDDY is coming apart at the seams
text: as the IBOS continue to increase the volume and energy
text: of their chants.
text: FREDDY is near tears as he waits for the next IBO to
text: step in to the box. CONOR stands in front of the
text: KIKUYU dugout slowly waving his arms above his head.
text: He begins saying something...
speaker_heading: FIELD
text: The KIKUYU players all look to CONOR to try and figure
text: out what he's saying. FREDDY holds the ball studying
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: CONOR is getting loud enough for us to hear him as he
text: stands unabashedly grooving back and forth.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I love it when you call me
dialog: big Poppa,
dialog: wave your hands in the air if
dialog: you's a true playa...
dialog: cuz I see some ladies tonight
dialog: that should be havin' my
dialog: baby, baby!
text: CALVERT immediately catches on and throws his hands
text: above his head and begins singing along to the chorus
dialog: of Big Poppa.
text: ALONZO catches on and smiles as he turns to
text: communicate the song to TIKI in center field.
text: RAY-RAY has the catcher's mask in his hand and stands
text: on home plate conducting the whole team who has now
text: caught on.
text: The whole KIKUYU team is singing Notorious B.1.G.'s
dialog: song.
text: FREDDY smiles at CONOR before rolling his head to the
text: well synchronized chorus.
text: The IBO players are silenced as they listen and watch
text: the KIKUYUS sing. For them there's something haunting
text: about the smooth sound of the chorus of twelve year
text: old voices.
text: FREDDY focuses on homeplate and delivers three quick
text: strikes to end the game.
text: The KIKUYUS meet at the mound and toss FREDDY around
text: as they all chant, "We goin' to the ship!"
text: CONOR is content to watch from the dugout as the boys
text: cerebrate as a team.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN PROJECTS - NIGHT
text: CONOR pulls up to the curb of one of the Cabrini
text: "quads". TIKI and G-BABY get out. CONOR offers out
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Wednesday night practice.
text: TIKI has already stepped clear of the car, G-BABY
text: lingers for a second.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Thanks for the uniform.
text: CONOR waves a "you're welcome" and drives off. G-BABY
text: runs to catch up with his brother.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The nights have warmed up creating more tension and
text: drug activity on the "Green". TIKI and G-BABY
text: continue toward their building. A strange energy
text: accompanies the warm night.
speaker_heading: BUILDING
text: A group of young men conspicuously linger in front of
text: their building. TIKI pauses for a moment before
text: walking to the door. A GANG KID approaches him.
speaker_heading: GANG KID
dialog: Can't go in there now.
text: TIKI looks around to see that the gang is obviously
text: staking out this entrance to the building in hopes of
dialog: catching someone in particular an the way out.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: How long it gonna be?
text: The GANG KID shrugs. "I dunno". TIKI looks around at
text: the determined faces of the gang. He spots a younger
text: kid milling behind two guys, it's MAURICE. TIKI steps
text: towards him.
speaker_heading: TIKI (cont'd)
dialog: Yo Reese whattup?
text: MAURICE offers a cold nod to his former teammate.
text: TIKI gets the hint, collects G-BABY, and heads around
text: the side of the building.
text: SIDE OF THE BUILDING
text: G-BABY senses danger and appeals to TIKI.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Why can't they just let us
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Cuz' they waitin' to cap
dialog: somebody who's in there.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: What're we gonna do?
text: TIKI ponders this question and decides to head towards
text: the back entrance. G-BABY grabs TIKI's hand and
text: hustles with him towards the back of the building.
text: BACK OF THE BUILDING
text: TIKI and G-BABY step into the dim light of the back
text: stoop just in time to see TWO GUYS leaving the
text: building with guns drawn. As the TWO GUYS leave the
text: stoop and run to the right, TIKI pulls G-BABY to the
text: left, back around the building the way they just came.
text: In the darkness on the side of the building we can see
text: that the GANG has gotten wise to the back door and
text: they run with guns blazing. TIKI reacts quickly to
text: the GUN SHOTS and pulls himself and G-BABY in to the
text: small hedge along the building.
speaker_heading: G-BABY
dialog: Oh shit-
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Quiet, they'll pass by.
text: We see and hear the shadows of the GANG fly by, TIKI
text: keeps G-BABY low to the ground. After they pass, TIKI
text: stands and pulls G-BABY to his feet and the boys run
text: for the back door. When they get to the light, TIKI
text: pulls G-BABY into the dim entrance way.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT
text: TIKI sits them both on the floor out of view and safe
text: for the moment. TIKI looks at G-BABY to see that his
text: eyes are wide with fear.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: It's alright we're okay.
text: G-BABY's gaze is fixed on TIKI as his breathing gets
dialog: heavy.
speaker_heading: TIKI (cont'd)
dialog: G' we're okay.
text: TIKI looks down to see a tiny hole in G-BABY's chest,
text: the size of a straw. Blood begins to flow freely now
text: as TIKI shakes his semi-conscious brother.
speaker_heading: TIKI (cont'd)
dialog: Okay, c'mon, get up. G'
dialog: c'mon.
text: G-BABY's eyes flutter for a moment before locking in
text: to a lifeless stare. TIKI's shocked reaction leads
text: him to pull G-BABY close to him and wait for someone
dialog: to find them.
speaker_heading: TIKI (cont'd)
dialog: Okay, we'll just wait for
dialog: someone to come, it's okay.
scene_heading: INT. CONOR'S APARTMENT - DAWN
text: The first shafts of dawn's light glow on Conor's
text: yellow curtains. We see CONOR asleep on his stomach
text: as the phone rings. He grabs it and sits up.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah?
text: CONOR pulls an old digital clock radio to his face to
dialog: check the time. 6:40.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: What? Elizabeth? Okay,
dialog: okay.
text: CONOR hangs up the phone and sits motionless as the
text: tragic news grounds him to the bone.
scene_heading: EXT. IMMACULATE CONCEPTION ELB"ENTARY SCHOOL - DAY
text: CONOR shows up to find a commotion that only the death
text: of a 9 year old boy can provoke.
text: Local news and hysterical parents dominate the school.
text: CONOR wanders dreamlike through the crowd searching
speaker_heading: for ELIZABETH.
text: ELIZABETH grabs CONOR and he looks at her swollen
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Conor it's awful, the kids
text: are walking around dazed and
dialog: the parents are in the church
dialog: praying.
text: Suddenly his players CALVERT, ALONZO, RAY-RAY and
text: LOUIS are grabbing his arms and trying to hold an to
text: his hands.
text: CONOR panics and breaks free of the kids, he looks at
text: ELIZABETH and with nothing to say he walks away from
text: her. She watches as CONOR runs to his car and drives
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. DUFFY'S BAR - NIGHT
text: CONOR is locked in a seat at the end of the bar. He's
text: obviously been here all day, drinking and staring into
dialog: space.
text: JIMMY approaches CONOR and puts an arm on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I'm sorry about the kid-
text: CONOR raises his hand and stops JIMMY mid-sentence.
text: JIMMY goes silent and takes a moment before
dialog: continuing.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (cont'd)
dialog: I just wanted to make sure
dialog: that we're okay. Y'know?
dialog: Legally? I mean the kid
dialog: didn't get shot because we
dialog: didn't take him home right?
text: CONOR calmly drains a drink before punching JIMMY in
text: the mouth, knocking him to the floor.
text: JIMMY is more stunned than hurt as he gets up.
speaker_heading: JIMMY (cont'd)
dialog: You're as crazy as a shit
dialog: house rat O'Neill.
text: CONOR gets off his stool and JIMMY makes a hasty exit.
text: ELIZABETH is standing near the door having just
text: arrived. CONOR returns to his bar stool.
text: ELIZABETH sits next to CONOR and orders a drink.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Jamison's neat.
text: The BARTENDER places a glass of straight whiskey in
text: front of her. ELIZABETH takes a liberal swig without
text: flinching. CONOR finally reacts to her.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Who told you where I was?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: The sleeves on those uniforms
dialog: proudly advertise Duffy's
dialog: tavern. I took a shot.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Nice uniforms.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Beautiful, but that's not
dialog: what they need right now.
text: CONOR stands for the first time in hours and begins
text: dropping money on the bar. He ignores her comment,
text: pays his tab and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. DUFFY'S BAR - NIGHT
text: CONOR lights a cigarette and begins searching his
text: pockets for his keys, ELIZABETH appears.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Is this an Irish thing? The
dialog: quiet Man routine? Drunken,
dialog: Stoic, no emotion -
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: My father died in November.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I didn't cry at the wake. I
dialog: couldn't, it just wasn't
dialog: there.
text: ELIZABETH steps close to him and like a subtle dance
text: move he takes a small step away.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: What do you want from me?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: The kids are so upset and
dialog: confused -
text: CONOR explodes.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: So what?! You want me to
dialog: come in there and tell them
dialog: it's gonna be okay?! I can't
dialog: do that. I won't do that.
text: ELIZABETH fights back.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You've become a part of their
dialog: life. They're not just there
dialog: for you to play Santa Claus
dialog: to clean your conscience when
dialog: you beat the bookie.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: This is great, I'm sure
dialog: they'd love to know you came
dialog: down here and dragged me out
dialog: of a bar for them.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I came for me! For me.
dialog: Maybe I came to see you,
dialog: maybe I need to talk about
dialog: it.
text: CONOR softens, thinking of G-BABY.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: He was nine years old.
text: ELIZABETH senses CONOR's vulnerability and goes to
text: him. She lightly places her arms around him. CONOR
text: stands still, defenseless, accepting the hug.
text: CONOR breaks the hug and nods as he walks into the
text: night. ELIZABETH watches him go.
scene_heading: INT. ST. JOHN'S CATHOLIC CHURCH - NIGHT
text: CONOR makes his way into the last pew of the large
text: church. It's quiet as he sits in silence trying to
text: collect his thoughts. CONOR pulls the kneeling bench
text: from under the pew in front of him and kneels to pray.
text: He is overcome with emotion.
scene_heading: INT. IMMACULATE CONCEPTION CHURCH - DAY
text: The chapel of the church is packed with the families
text: of the Cabrini community. A spiritual verse is sung
text: by a chorus in red robes led by a BLACK MINISTER in a
text: white robe.
text: CONOR joins the congregation by slipping in to a
text: crowded pew. He wears a tie and a dark suit obviously
text: held over from his dad's funeral.
text: The hymn ends and the MINISTER begins the memorial by
text: reading a verse from the Old Testament.
text: CONOR scans the room to see ELIZABETH sitting with
scene_heading: ALONZO, CALVERT, RAY-RAY and LOUIS.
text: The church has become silent as PEARLA EVANS has
text: approached the podium.
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS
dialog: Over the past two days we've
dialog: been able to hear testimony
dialog: from those very close to our
dialog: family and in our community.
text: A scattering of "Praise Jesus" trickles through the
dialog: crowd.
text: CONOR continues to study the assembly, touched by the
text: unity as he watches women in floral dresses use paper
text: church calendars to fan themselves in the growing
dialog: heat.
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS (cont'd)
dialog: I wanted to give a few more
dialog: people an opportunity to say
text: something on Jarius' behalf.
dialog: I would like to ask Coach
dialog: O'Neill to speak, is he here
dialog: today?
text: The assembly looks around to see if someone
dialog: identifies.
text: CONOR raises his hand, shocked by the request. He
text: stands to say something and PEARLA EVANS speaks into
dialog: the microphone...
speaker_heading: PEARLA EVANS (cont'd)
dialog: Please Mr. O'Neill, c'mon up.
text: CONOR pauses before making his way to the podium.
speaker_heading: PODIUM.
text: CONOR nervously loosens his tie as he looks blankly at
dialog: the assembly before beginning.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Good Morning. Everyone. Umh...
dialog: Jarius was a player on the
dialog: Kikuyus baseball team... that
dialog: I coach. Honestly, he was
dialog: too young to play, but he
dialog: wanted to be a part of the
dialog: team so badly that I couldn't
dialog: say no. He was a really
dialog: tough guy, I'm sure you all
dialog: know that. Just a boy who
dialog: wanted to be around his older
dialog: brother. He had a great
dialog: smile too, I know I'm not
dialog: telling you anything you
dialog: don't know.
text: CONOR pauses, nervous and emotional before telling his
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Y'know we played a really
dialog: important game against a good
dialog: team and with two outs in the
dialog: last inning I had no choice
dialog: but to let Jarius bat because
dialog: we had no other players. He
text: was fearless as he stepped to
dialog: the plate. I was
dialog: terrified... for him.
text: The assembly laughs at CONOR's honesty.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: And with two strikes and our
text: hopes dwindling he hit a shot
text: down the first base line and
dialog: won the game.
text: CONOR gets emotional. He takes two quick breaths and
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
text: And watching him raise his
text: arms in triumph as he ran to
dialog: first base...
text: CONOR raises his arms during the re-tell of this part
dialog: of the story.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I swear I was lifted in that
dialog: moment to a better place. I
dialog: swear he lifted the world in
dialog: that moment, y'know? He made
dialog: me a better person even if
dialog: just for that moment.
text: CONOR lowers his arms and returns to his body.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: I am forever grateful to
dialog: Jarius for that.
text: CONOR leaves the podium having moved the assembly to
text: an honest silence. ELIZABETH wipes her eyes watching
text: CONOR leave the podium.
scene_heading: EXT. IMMACULATE CONCEPTION ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY
text: CONOR has stolen outside to have a cigarette as the
text: memorial is breaking up. LENORA TIBBS approaches him.
speaker_heading: LENORA TIBBS
dialog: There's some people who wanna
dialog: talk to you about the
dialog: baseball team.
text: CONOR flicks his cigarette to the ground.
speaker_heading: CONOR
text: The team is done.
speaker_heading: LENORA TIBBS
dialog: That's what they wanna talk
dialog: about, they're in Miss Wilkes
dialog: room.
text: LENORA TIBBS points to the school building behind
text: them. CONOR hesitates before storming off to face the
text: angry mob.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH'S CLASSROOM - DAY
text: CONOR barges in the door prepared to do battle with
text: the angry parents of the KIKUYUS.
text: The only people inside the classroom are the KIKUYUS
text: seated in a circle wearing their best church clothes.
text: They all look to CONOR as he stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: RAY - RAY
dialog: We know the league wanna
dialog: cancel the championship game-
speaker_heading: CALVERT
dialog: My mama said it up to us ‘cuz
dialog: of G-Baby.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah, it's over. We don't
dialog: have to play, you guys had a
dialog: great year. You can keep the
dialog: uniforms.
text: CONOR starts to head out. FREDDY pipes up.
speaker_heading: FREDDY
dialog: Wait -
text: CONOR turns back.
speaker_heading: FREDDY (cont'd)
dialog: You quittin' again?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What d'ya mean?
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: We wanna play bitch!
text: The KIKUYUS start chiming in, "Yeah, we wanna play".
dialog: "For G-Baby, let's play in the ship", "We gonna play
dialog: in the ship".
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You guys wanna play?
speaker_heading: KIKUYUS
dialog: Hell yeah, motha fucka!
text: CONOR smiles as he admires their spirit. He thinks,
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'll see you guys tomorrow at
dialog: 11.
text: The team reacts to the news.
scene_heading: EXT. IMMACULATE CONCEPTION PARKING LOT - DAY
text: ELIZABETH catches CONOR at his car.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It's been such an emotional
dialog: couple of days.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm gonna come to the game
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Have you thought any more
dialog: about the job.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I dunno, I'm thinking about
dialog: it.
text: ELIZABETH kisses CONOR, he kisses her back. They
text: break, ELIZABETH smiles as she walks away.
scene_heading: INT. DUFFY'S BAR - NIGHT
text: CONOR is still wearing his good suit as he unwinds at
text: the bar. DUFFY taps CONOR on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: There's a girl wants you
text: outside.
scene_heading: EXT. DUFFY'S BAR - NIGHT
text: CONOR exits the bar to find ELIZABETH obviously
text: distraught.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Tiki's runnin' around Cabrini
dialog: looking for the guys who shot
dialog: Jarius.
text: CONOR stares back towards the bar, wanting to return
text: to his warm seat and cold beer.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (cont'd)
dialog: They haven't seen him for two
dialog: hours.
text: CONOR hesitates before jumping in his car and racing
dialog: off.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN PROJECTS - NIGHT
text: CONOR jumps out of the wagon and begins combing the
text: dark asphalt lawn for TIKI.
text: CONOR traces the buildings' entrances by memory having
dialog: made many trips there in the dark.
text: After scouring the front entrance of TIKI's building,
text: he heads towards the rear. CONOR hears a rustling and
dialog: stops.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Tiki?
text: A small figure bursts out of the hedge and begins
text: sprinting across the lawn. CONOR takes off after him.
text: We see TIKI's dark form moving quickly across the quad
text: until he takes a turn towards the dimly lit entrance
text: of a maintenance building.
text: CONOR sees him clearly in the light and is able to
text: corner him by the door. Both CONOR and TIKI are
text: exhausted.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Let's go, c'mon.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Fuck you.
text: TIKI shoves CONOR. CONOR shoves him back.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You wanna fuck with me? Huh?
text: CONOR shoves TIKI twice, TIKI swings and misses.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: What's your fuckin' problem
dialog: with me?
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Fuck you, you got everything.
text: CONOR is stunned by this accusation.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I got everything?! Like
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: You got money and a car and
dialog: shit. You just lay up with
dialog: yo friends, yo parents. My
dialog: dad's dead and now my little
dialog: brother's dead too.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: My dad's dead. Died around
dialog: Christmas.
text: TIKI hears this and looks at CONOR, listening.
speaker_heading: TIKI sees
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I ain't got shit. That car
dialog: ain't mine, I owe a couple a
dialog: grand to some guys. My
dialog: life's a fuckin' mess.
text: CONOR in a new light.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: How 'bout those new uniforms?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I won money on a basketball
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: I'm sorry 'bout your dad.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: He wasn't that great a guy.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Mine neither.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: G-Baby was a good kid, I'm
dialog: gonna miss him.
text: TIKI begins to break down at the mention of G-BABY.
text: CONOR trusts an instinct and puts his arm around TIKI.
text: TIKI responds by burying his face in CONOR's chest.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: People really care about you.
dialog: Your mother and Elizabeth and
dialog: everybody's been lookin' for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Elizabeth?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Ms. Wilkes.
text: TIKI nods in understanding. TIKI has composed himself
text: and pursues the "Ms. Wilkes' line of questioning.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Ms. Wilkes? She your girl?
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I dunno.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: How far you been with her?
text: CONOR gets shy remembering the day's kiss.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I kissed her.
text: TIKI laughs. CONOR is self-conscious.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Man, I gone further ‘wit a
dialog: girl than you.
text: TIKI laughs and CONOR smiles allowing TIKI his moment.
text: CONOR starts walking back towards the buildings, he
text: turns to TIKI.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: You comin' to the game
dialog: tomorrow?
text: TIKI starts backing away from CONOR.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: Nah, I'm done playin' ball.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Alright, I understand. Let's
dialog: go home.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: You go home, I got somethin'
dialog: to do.
text: TIKI backs further away, CONOR knows he's losing him.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Wait, Tiki I'll stay-
text: TIKI takes off, CONOR helplessly watches him
dialog: disappear.
scene_heading: EXT. CABRINI GREEN BASEBALL FIELD - DAY
text: CONOR stares at the team who stare back.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I want you guys to take a
dialog: good look at yourselves...
dialog: and be proud.
text: We begin a pan of the players; ALONZO, RAY-RAY,
text: LOUIS...
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: We made it here, we're here.
text: The pan continues; CALVERT, FREDDY, MAURICE.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: What I've learned from you is
dialog: that... really the most
dialog: important thing in life is
dialog: showing up. I'm blown away
dialog: by your ability to show up...
dialog: through everything that's
dialog: gone on.
text: CONOR reels in his emotions and re-directs his speech.
speaker_heading: CONOR (cont'd)
dialog: The league never wanted us to
dialog: play this game but you guys
dialog: showed up. But we only got
dialog: eight guys today so we can't
dialog: play.
text: TIKI appears with his mom, PEARLA, standing behind
text: him. TIKI speaks to the team.
speaker_heading: TIKI
dialog: He was my brother, he loved
text: to watch us play. He's still
dialog: watchin' us. We gonna play
dialog: today.
text: The players surround TIKI, physically supporting him.
text: They pat his head, touch his shoulders and exchange
text: hand slaps. This is a team.
text: RAY-RAY, ALONZO and CALVERT hand out crude black arm
text: bands that say "G-Baby" in silver marker. The players
text: all affix the bands to their left arms. Many of the
text: players have also written G-BABYS number, "11", on the
text: side of their hats.
text: CALVERT and ALONZO place an arm band around TIKI's
dialog: left arm.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Okay, this is for G-baby.
dialog: Take the field.
text: The KIKUYUS roar onto the field.
text: CONOR turns to see ELIZABETH standing at the entrance
text: to the dugout. CONOR goes to her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I just wanted to make sure
dialog: you guys are gonna win, I bet
dialog: with your friend Ticky.
text: CONOR looks to see TICKY smiling in the stands
text: shrugging his shoulders.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: Knowing Ticky bet against us
dialog: improves are chances.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Ticky also told me that
dialog: you're gonna work at the
dialog: school. I'm thinking that's
dialog: not a bad idea.
speaker_heading: CONOR
dialog: I'm thinking the same thing.
text: ELIZABETH smiles at CONOR, he smiles back.
text: CONOR turns to see TIKI waiting for him. TIKI places
text: an arm band around CONOR's left arm.
text: He then pulls CONOR down as if to tell him something.
text: TIKI hugs CONOR and they both hold on for an extra
text: moment. TIKI runs to center field.
text: CONOR smiles as he scans the unusually large crowd
text: that includes DUFFY and what seems to be the entire
text: community of CABRINI. We hear the umpire shout, "PLAY
dialog: BALL!" as we...
text: Pull away from the field to establish the enormity of
text: events in the smallest of places.
dialog: The End
dialog: 
