speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Gregory Allen Howard
dialog: &
dialog: Kasi Lemmons
dialog: Story by
dialog: Gregory Allen Howard
scene_heading: EXT. ARMY ENCAMPMENT - SOUTH CAROLINA - NIGHT - 1863
text: 100 BLACK UNION SOLDIERS are assembled, bayonets pointed at
dialog: the starry sky. A legend tells us this is...
dialog: South Carolina, 1863 - Two years into the Civil War...
text: A small black woman, HARRIET TUBMAN, 40, addresses the
text: troops. We hear her before we see her...
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Suppose there’s a snake coiled at your
text: feet, and it shoots up to bite you.
text: We catch glimpses of her through their bodies as she paces in
text: front of them. Her plain face with its habitual scowl, her
text: eyes alive with passion.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
text: Folks get scared and send for a doctor to
dialog: cut out the bite. But the snake, he
dialog: rolled up there and while the doctor
dialog: cutting, he bites you again, in a new
dialog: place this time. The doctor makes
text: another cut, the snake spring up and
dialog: bites again. Finally you realize the
dialog: snake ain’t gon’ stop til someone kills
dialog: him.
text: A white commanding officer, COLONEL MONTGOMERY, watches
text: intently as Harriet continues...
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Slavery is still alive. Those rice
text: fields downriver are feeding Rebel
dialog: troops, with the toil of a thousand
dialog: slaves still in bondage. Our mission is
dialog: to free those slaves. We've waited
dialog: years to be allowed to fight in this war,
dialog: against our own enslavement. And it will
dialog: not be won without us! Now is our time!
dialog: Are you ready to kill the snake?
text: The men shout, YES, their eyes fierce, emotional.
text: Harriet nods in approval. As we watch, she retreats into
text: herself, as if listening to inner music, or voices we can’t
text: hear. INSECTS CHIRP in an eerie chorus, taking us into...
text: FLASHBACK VISION: A SERIES OF IMAGES - monochromatic, out of
dialog: sync and nightmarish -
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - FLASHBACK/VISION
text: TWO YOUNG BLACK WOMEN in their early twenties, LINAH AND
text: SOPH, faces twisted anguish, as they are ripped away from
text: their family at gunpoint by WHITE MEN and dragged to a
text: Slaver's carriage, where other SLAVES are shackled. Their
text: mother, RIT, wails in grief as--
text: HORSES'S HOOVES pound, carrying them away, their expressions
text: of despair seared into our memory. The chorus of insects
text: grows louder, until it becomes overwhelming, like every
text: insect chirping at once... We hear A VOICE, eerily present,
dialog: otherworldly... MINTY!
scene_heading: SLOW FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - BUCKTOWN, MD - CLOVER PATCH - DAY - 1849
text: ON “MINTY” ROSS (YOUNG HARRIET) mid-twenties, a distinct dent
text: in her forehead, from a wound long healed. Her eyes flutter.
text: A handsome black man, JOHN, 28, is shaking her awake.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Minty!
text: Her eyes open, taking him in... deep brown skin, full lips,
text: eyes sparkling with excitement...
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: John...
text: She’s lying in a clover patch in the field. He pulls her to
text: her feet and kisses her above her scarred forehead. Minty is
text: small and muscular, a foot shorter than John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Least you ‘member my name. I’m always
dialog: scared you'll wake up from one a them
dialog: spells and forgit it.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Johnny, Johnny, Johnny...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Guess what I got, Minty-mine?
text: He pulls a document from his pocket and waves it. Her face
text: lights up. She grabs for it.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Oh, Lord, is it...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
text: He holds it above her head. Minty jumps into his arms. He
text: checks to make sure no one’s looking and then spins her,
text: kissing her deeply. A stolen moment.
text: Minty’s father, BEN, 60, handsome and wiry, stands a discreet
text: distance away, letting the lovers have their space. She runs
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: MINTY (CONT’D)
dialog: Daddy! We got it! We got de letter!
dialog: What it say, John? Read it to me!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Don’t need to, got it remembered.
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: “,..I, Joshua Abrams, having reviewed the
dialog: original last will and testament of
dialog: Atthow Pattison..."
text: As Minty walks away between Ben and John, their voices are
text: lost beneath a louder, soulful voice, singing...
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (PRELAP)
dialog: Hold on!
speaker_heading: SLAVES (PRELAP)
dialog: Hold on!
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (PRELAP)
dialog: Hold on!
speaker_heading: SLAVES (PRELAP)
dialog: Hold on!
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - HOUSE - LATER
text: A plantation house is situated scenically in fields of wheat
text: and corn. 20 Slaves are gathered in front of the wide
dialog: veranda where...
text: REVEREND GREEN, 55, black, is leading them in a slave
dialog: spiritual.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: Keep your hand on the plow and hold on!
dialog: Wanna get to heaven I'ma tell you how;
dialog: Keep your hand on the gospel plow.
dialog: Keep your hand on the plow and hold on!
text: Amongst the slaves are Minty, John and Ben, along with other
text: members of the ROSS FAMILY; Ben’s wife, “RIT,” 57, fierce and
dialog: emotional;
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
text: their children, ROBERT, 32, tall and muscular, BEN JR
text: “JUNYAH”, 26, HENRY 18, and RACHEL, 20, heavily pregnant and
text: with a toddler in hand. All singing with mournful passion.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold on!
speaker_heading: SLAVES
dialog: Hold on!
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: Hold on!
speaker_heading: SLAVES
dialog: Hold on!
scene_heading: REVEREND GREEN & SLAVES
dialog: Keep you hand on that plow and hold on!
dialog: Keep you hand on that plow and hold on!
text: EDWARD BRODESS, white, 46, watches from the porch of the big
text: house with his wife, ELIZA, 44; his son, GIDEON, 26, handsome
text: with piercing eyes; twin boys, VINCE and VICTOR, 12, anda
dialog: girl of 10, BECKY.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: I leave you today with these words, from
dialog: Colossians 3:22.... “Slaves, obey your
dialog: earthly masters in everything, and do it,
dialog: not only when their eye is on you and to
dialog: curry their favor, but with sincerity of
dialog: heart and reverence for the Lord.” Amen.
speaker_heading: SLAVES
dialog: Amen.
speaker_heading: BRODESS
dialog: Amen. Thank you, Reverend Green for
dialog: those wise words.
dialog: (to the slaves)
dialog: You folks enjoy your Sunday. Cook has
dialog: gravy for your cornpone tonight.
text: As Green moves off and the slaves disperse...
text: ON MINTY - still praying, forefingers pressed to the dent in
text: her forehead. John nudges her. She slowly comes back to the
text: present, catching Ben’s eyes.
text: The Ross family confers briefly, with furtive glances to the
text: whites on the veranda.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I’m coming with you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Robert, no. You too hot-headed.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I’m coming.
text: Rit stops him, a hand to his chest...
speaker_heading: RIT
dialog: Dey beat you again, dey gon’ kill you.
dialog: Go wit Mary.
text: Robert's wife, MARY, waits for him anxiously. Reluctantly he
text: joins her and his brothers heading back to the cabins, as
text: Minty, John and Ben peel away from the others and approach
text: the veranda of the house.
text: Brodess looks up at them, perplexed.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Massa Brodess, can we git a word?
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS HOUSE - VERANDA - CONTINUOUS
text: Brodess waves them forward. John, Ben and Minty step onto
text: the veranda. Rit stands back, keeping her distance. Eliza
text: looks on from the doorway. Gideon leans against a pillar,
text: arms crossed, eyes on Minty. She trembles as Ben steps up,
text: hat in his hand.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Massa Brodess... I think you know Minty’s
dialog: husband, John, who works with me over at
dialog: Thompson Mill...
speaker_heading: BRODESS
dialog: Course I know him. I let him marry her.
dialog: What’s your point?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Suh, me and Minty, we thinking bout
dialog: having a family... and we want our babies
dialog: born free. So we hired a lawyer...
text: Brodess barks a laugh, looking from John to Ben.
speaker_heading: BRODESS
dialog: You hired a lawyer. Ben, what the hell
dialog: is this nigger talkin’ bout?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, suh, we talkin’ bout the last
dialog: wishes of your great-grandfather, Atthow
dialog: Pattison. He gave my wife, Rit, to your
text: mama as a chil’, but she s’posed to be
dialog: freed at 45. She 57. Rit always knowed
text: bout the will - her mama tol’ her when
dialog: she was jus a chil’ - so when Minty and
dialog: John got married, well... we hired a
dialog: lawyer to dig it up...
text: Brodess is quietly irate. He turns to his wife.
speaker_heading: BRODESS
dialog: Hear that, Eliza? We got lawyer-hiring
dialog: niggers right here. You got this will?
text: John pulls out the letter.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Got a letter from the lawyer, suh. He
dialog: say it’s clear - your great-granddaddy
dialog: meant for Minty’s mama to be freed at age
text: 45, ‘long with her children.
text: Brodess glares at Rit. She glares back, tears in her eyes.
text: Minty steps up, summoning her nerve.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Mama was 46 when you sold my sisters.
dialog: Lawyer say dat illegal. We all s’posed
dialog: to be free when she turn 45. My sisters
dialog: is lost to us, but John and me, we wan’
dialog: our babies born free, like dey s’posed
dialog: to!
text: Brodess snatches the letter from John, glaring at Minty.
speaker_heading: BRODESS
dialog: How you know, Minty? You learn to read?
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: No, suh. John read it to me.
text: Brodess glares at John and then puts on his glasses and
text: reads... He looks up at them.
speaker_heading: BRODESS
dialog: How you niggers save enough to pay a
dialog: lawyer in the first place?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I worked some extra hours for Thompson.
dialog: Took near two year.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
text: Eliza looks from Ben and John to Minty, outraged.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: You have the gall to stand here and tell
dialog: us you been plotting against us for two
dialog: years?
text: Brodess tears up the letter. The blacks are stricken. He
text: balls up the torn paper and tosses it to Gideon.
speaker_heading: BRODESS
dialog: Make her eat it.
text: Gideon takes a hold of Minty’s face and forces the paper in
text: her mouth. Their eyes meet as she gags.
speaker_heading: BRODESS (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Minty)
dialog: Now you listen here, girl. Your daddy
dialog: may be free and your husband too, but you
dialog: and your mama, your brothers and sisters -
dialog: belong to me, for life. Your babies will
dialog: belong to me, and their babies, TO USE OR
text: SELL AS ME AND MY BOYS SEE FIT! YOU
dialog: UNDERSTAND ME?!!
text: Ben and John watch, shaking with rage. Rit starts to cry,
text: unleashing decades of emotion.
speaker_heading: RIT
dialog: You a devil! You a devil, Edward
dialog: Brodess! You sold my daughters south,
dialog: where nobody know dey name! My babies
dialog: lost, and nobody know dey name!
text: She sobs. Brodess looks from Rit to Minty.
speaker_heading: BRODESS
dialog: I may have to sell this one too, Rit.
dialog: Can’t have this kind of mischief round
dialog: here. But don’t worry about Minty, she’s
text: strong. Strong enough to pick cotton.
dialog: Now git off my damn porch!
text: John puts an arm around Minty and steers her away. Ben
text: follows. Brodess shouts after them...
speaker_heading: BRODESS (CONT'D)
dialog: John, you and Ben ain’t welcome here no
dialog: more! I don’t want you near my slaves,
dialog: lest you spread your contagion! STAY OFF
dialog: MY PROPERTY!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
text: Brodess falls back in his chair, mottled and gasping. He
text: glares at his son.
speaker_heading: BRODESS (CONT'D)
dialog: Weren’t for you, I’da sold that girl
dialog: years ago.
text: Gideon goes after them.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ben supports a sobbing Rit. John tries to comfort Minty. He
text: takes her face and kisses her hard.
text: Gideon pursues them.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: John, you heard my daddy! You and Ben
dialog: get on back to Thompson's.
text: The men wrench themselves away from their wives and head off
text: toward the gate.
text: Minty glares at Gideon. She runs off, into the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Minty collapses in front of an enormous poplar tree by a
text: creek, crying, praying fervently.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: My massa an evil man, Lord! You know he
dialog: evil. Dear Lord, if you cain’t change
dialog: his soul, take him! TAKE HIM, LORD!
text: A chill runs up her spine and she turns...
text: Gideon is standing not far away, watching her.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Lord don’t listen to niggers, Minty. I
dialog: been tellin’ you that since we was kids.
text: Minty faces Gideon. A cool breeze raises goose bumps on her
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: Since that time I had Typhoid as a boy
dialog: and mama had you sit with me. First thing
dialog: I saw when I opened my eyes, was your
text: little black face, hair sticking up every
text: which way. Praying.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: Scared the fever right outta me. I got
dialog: used to your face, but that praying
dialog: always made my skin crawl.
text: He gives a rueful laugh, full of complicated emotions.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell were you thinking, hiring a
dialog: lawyer? Did you think daddy would just
dialog: let you and your family free - damn near
dialog: half his property - just like that?
text: She is turned half-towards him, her face impassive. He
text: studies her.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: Daddy warned me, “Boy, having a favorite
dialog: slave is like having a favorite pig. You
dialog: can feed it, play with it, give ita
dialog: name, but one day you might have to eat
dialog: it or sell it. You know it, and the pig
dialog: knows it. If you have to sell it,
dialog: there’s no more guilt than separating
dialog: piglets. And if you have to eat it,
dialog: you'll forget its name.”
text: He looks at her, full of complicated emotions.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope one day I forget yours. C’mon
dialog: home, Minty.
text: He turns and walks back towards the farm. Minty’s chest
text: rises and falls, her feet refusing to follow. Gideon turns
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon, I said.
text: Minty stumbles after him.
scene_heading: INT. ROSS SLAVE CABIN - LATE NIGHT
text: Minty is sleeping. Her eyes open. A second later, we hear
speaker_heading: ELIZA’s SCREAM-—
text: As Eliza continues screaming, the other family members stir.
scene_heading: EXT. SLAVE CABINS - LATE NIGHT
text: Slaves come out of their cabins and look in the direction of
text: the big house, Eliza’s distress coming from within...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: ELIZA (0.S.)
dialog: He’s dead! Oh, God, he’s dead!
text: ON MINTY, horrified...
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - GRAVEYARD - DAY
text: A few gravestones on a shady patch of lawn.
text: Minty, Rit and Rachel stand with the women, children and
text: elderly Brodess slaves at a fresh gravesite on the property,
text: as the Ross brothers and male slaves lower Brodess’s plain
text: coffin into the earth. A WHITE MINISTER mumbles gloomy words
text: to the neighboring farmers and family friends in attendance.
text: Eliza is with her children, face swollen from crying, choked
text: with grief. Rit and Rachel keep their eyes downcast,
text: thoughts hidden. Minty prays in earnest, tears streaming.
text: She looks up...
text: Gideon is glaring at her, wounded accusation in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - WOODPILE - AFTERNOON
text: Minty is chopping lumber, splitting upright logs on a stump,
text: muscles rippling with each blow. As she chops, INTERCUT--
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SAME
text: GIDEON hammers an AUCTION NOTICE onto trees. He stands back
text: and reads it, sweat and grief in his eyes. NEGRO FOR SALE -
text: On Monday, the 30th of September, a female slave called
text: Minty, about 25 years old.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - WOODPILE
text: ON MINTY - releasing her emotions on the wood. She upends a
text: new log, ax raised against the sky...
text: The sound of insects grows louder... A BIRD in a tree above
text: her chirps, urgently.
text: Minty faints, embedding the ax in the wood, unconscious on
text: her feet.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: MINTY'S VISION -
text: (A) DARK CLOUDS race across the sky. (B) A FLOCK OF BIRDS
text: take flight, (C) HORSES break from their restraints and run,
text: panicked, flanks straining... The VOICE, otherworldly,
dialog: present... LEAVE, NOW!
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Minty heaves the ax from the wood with a gasp. She looks
text: around her, panicked...
text: In the distance, the overseer, Foxx, approaches, shading his
text: eyes against the blinding sun... Minty drops the ax and edges
text: behind the shed. She runs, skirting the outbuildings. She
text: can see Foxx, searching for her...
text: Minty evades him, tearing up a path, colliding with--
text: JOHN. He holds her, pulling her out of view. She clings to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: John! Johnny... I gotta go! I gotta go
dialog: right now!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know. We goin’.
text: She looks up at him, confused. He pulls a crumpled auction
dialog: notice from his pocket - Negro For Sale.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m coming with you.
text: She touches his face and lips, shaking her head.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: John, you free. Dey catch you, dey gon’
dialog: take your freedom. I cain’t live wit
dialog: dat.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You won’t make it alone, Minty. Who gon’
dialog: protect you, you fall into one a them
dialog: spells? Who’s gon’ be there when you
dialog: wake up? You need me.
text: Minty seems to consider this. She kisses him hard.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Wait for me by de gate. I’m gon’ say
dialog: goodbye to my mama.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
text: John nods. He presses her close.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We be alright. Hear me? Jes hurry.
text: He kisses her again and dashes off. Minty watches him.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: From behind a barn, Minty peeks out as...
text: The slaves finish their work. Rit rubs her back, sighing at
text: the rising moon. The air flickers with dragonflies and
text: moths. Minty begins singing, emotionally....
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: I'm sorry I'm going to leave you,
dialog: Farewell, oh farewell;
dialog: But I'll meet you in the morning...
text: MINTY’S VOICE floats to the slaves in the fields. Rit is
text: unnerved by her daughter’s choice of song, she looks around
text: for her as the other slaves join in...
speaker_heading: MINTY & SLAVES
dialog: Farewell, oh farewell!
dialog: I'll meet you in the morning, I'm bound
dialog: for the promised land!
text: On the other side of Jordan, Bound for
dialog: the promised land!
text: Foxx, reassured by the sound of her voice, searches for the
dialog: source of it, but by now all the slaves have taken up the
text: song, obscuring her.
text: Minty ducks towards the cabins.
scene_heading: INT. ROSS CABIN - CONTINUOUS
text: SINGING continues as Minty throws a few items into a cloth
text: and ties it to her waist, tucking a knife into the makeshift
text: belt. A pair of worn shoes are side by side near her
text: mother’s pallet. Minty takes the shoes and puts them on her
text: bare feet. With the knife, she draws a heart in the dirt
text: floor where the shoes were.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - EDGE OF PROPERTY
text: SINGING continues as Minty sprints to the edge of the path,
dialog: where she sees...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 13.
text: JOHN, half-hidden in the trees near the gate, waiting for her
dialog: anxiously.
text: Eyes shining with tears, Minty wrenches her eyes away from
text: him and takes off, in the opposite direction.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DUSK
text: Minty runs lightly through the woods as the moon rises.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM —- EDGE OF PROPERTY - NIGHT - MINUTES LATER
text: John comes out of his hiding place and scans the growing
text: darkness for Minty, chest tight with worry. He heads back
text: towards the gate. We hear HORSE HOOVES approaching...
text: John is trapped with no place to hide as Gideon rides up.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What you doing here, John? We don’t want
dialog: your kind here!
text: John raises his hands, submissively.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come to kiss my wife, is all, suh. Sho
dialog: is hard not bein’ able to see her.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You better get used to missing her, John.
dialog: In fact, if I was you, I'd find another
dialog: wife. Now git yourself back to
dialog: Thompson's Mill.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (bristling)
dialog: Yes, suh.
text: John turns and starts away, holding his breath. He walks a
dialog: few paces...
text: We hear the thunder of hoofbeats as Foxx rides up, on
dialog: horseback.
speaker_heading: FOXX
dialog: Gideon!
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: FOXX
dialog: Minty! She gone!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 14.
text: Gideon raises his gun, aiming at John’s back.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Stop right there, nigger!
text: John turns around. Gideon and Foxx corner him.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: Where is she? Where’s Minty?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I tol’ you, I was just comin’ to see her--
text: Gideon takes his riding crop and STRIKES him across the face.
text: John falls to the ground, blood in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL —- POPLAR NECK - NIGHT
text: A mill by a man-made waterfall, surrounded by stacks of
dialog: lumber.
text: Minty skirts around it towards a scattering of small cabins.
scene_heading: INT. THOMPSON'S MILL - BEN’S CABIN - NIGHT
text: The modest cabin is decorated with wood carvings and hand-
text: crafted figurines. Ben takes off his boots painfully. He
text: rubs his knees.
text: There’s a knock; Minty’s face at the window. Ben glances up,
text: then immediately turns away. He opens the door, avoiding her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Don’t wanna look at ya. Wanna say I
dialog: ain't seen ya. I can see your heart.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Daddy, dey gon’ sell me down river, where
dialog: nobody come back from. I gotta run.
text: Ben turns away, packing a small sack with biscuits and yams.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Listen here, gurl - you go to Rev Green
dialog: church, ask him to pray for your journey.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: But... Reverend Green always preachin’
dialog: obedience...
text: Ben turns to her sharply, still avoiding her face.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Do what I say. Go to Rev Green church,
dialog: ask him to pray for your journey.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Yes, daddy.
text: He hands her the sack, then goes to a shelf where small
text: figures of his wife and children have been lovingly crafted
text: from wood. He picks up the one of himself and presses it
text: into her hand. Her hand covers his. They stand there a
text: moment, hands clasped together.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Just know I’1l be with you.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: I love you, daddy.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I love you too.
text: A sob is stuck in his chest, the strain of not looking at her
text: proving too much for him.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Go on, then.
text: Minty tucks the figure into her pocket and kisses him. She
text: walks out the door...
scene_heading: EXT. BEN ROSS’S CABIN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Minty!
text: Ben steps out, points in the sky towards the Big Dipper.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t forgit the Big Dipper. Pointer
text: stars in the cup point directly to the
dialog: North Star. Follow the North Star.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Yes, daddy. I love you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 16.
text: Minty turns and runs. Ben stands silhouetted in the doorway,
text: eyes dropping to the earth.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - POPLAR NECK - LATER
text: Minty runs, using the stars to get her bearings...
scene_heading: EXT. REV. GREEN’S CHURCH - NIGHT
text: Minty approaches a clearing in the woods. Rock formations,
text: marking the graves of slaves and freedmen, cast shadows in
text: the moonlight. A small wood building with a rough hewn cross
text: rises beyond the graves.
text: The church is dark. Minty tries the door. It’s bolted shut.
text: She bangs on it... We hear noises from inside.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (0.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: MINTY
text: Minty, Ben Ross’s daughter.
text: Rev Green opens the door and pulls her in quickly.
scene_heading: INT. REV. GREEN'S CHURCH - CONTINUOUS
text: He bolts the door behind them. It’s dark in the church and
text: Green is in a dressing gown.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: Girl, what are you doing out here alone
dialog: at this hour? Have you lost your mind?
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: My daddy say ask you to pray for my
dialog: journey.
text: There’s a shift in Rev Green’s demeanor. He lights candles.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: You the one wit the spells?
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: ..-Yes, suh.
text: He turns to her, the candle illuminating his skepticism.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: And you intend to run.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Dey gon sell me south, way from my
dialog: husband an family...
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: Which means they motivated. You money ta
dialog: them. Unless word spreads you run off,
dialog: then you damaged goods. They’1ll make you
dialog: pay for that - beat you, hobble you, or
dialog: worse. You go alone, you got a hare’s
text: chance in a fox grove. If the slavers
dialog: don’t get you, timber wolves and
dialog: copperhead will. Can you even read,
dialog: child?
text: Minty shakes her head. He sits her on a bench and sits
text: beside her.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe nobody noticed you gone. Maybe
dialog: you can sneak back ‘fore daylight.
text: Minty looks up at him, suddenly fierce.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: I ain’t goin’ back. I wan’ be free!
text: The power of the words stuns Minty - words never spoken. The
text: reverend nods solemnly. His manner businesslike.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
text: There’s not much time. It’s near
dialog: midnight. You must be miles away from
dialog: here by dawn. I need you to remember
dialog: what I tell you. Can you do that?
text: Minty nods, determined, trying not to be overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Fear is your enemy. Trust in God.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Minty runs through the woods. She stumbles, picks herself up
text: and runs again.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (OVER)
dialog: Keep the Choptank River to your left and
dialog: the North Star ahead. If there are no
dialog: stars, just keep following the river. If
dialog: you can’t see the river - listen for it.
dialog: You know moss grows where its dark and
text: wet - wet points to the water.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 18.
text: Above the trees we see the Big Dipper. Beyond it, the North
text: Star. A river glitters in the moonlight.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (OVER) (CONT'D)
text: Follow the Choptank to its headwaters in
text: Delaware. When the river splits, cross
dialog: the rushing creek to your left and head
dialog: straight North.
text: Minty squats peeing. The moon’s reflection is caught in a
text: brackish pond. The woods are alive with sound.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: In a few day’s time the Delaware River
dialog: will be on your right. Follow it to
dialog: Wilmington, look for a blacksmith and
dialog: iron merchant named Thomas Garrett. I’11
dialog: send him word.
text: She finishes and takes off again, running lightly over tree
text: roots and fallen limbs.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: May God be with you!
scene_heading: EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL - NIGHT
text: ON BEN - mournful and sincere.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I ain’t seen her, suh. Ain’t looked on
dialog: my daughter’s face since Massa Brodess
dialog: run us off.
text: Gideon and Foxx face Ben and his boss, the owner of the
text: estate, A.C. THOMPSON, 50s. John stands bleeding between
text: them, face split from the whip. Gideon is irate.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Is that so?
scene_heading: A.C. THOMPSON
dialog: Ben’s an honest nigger, Gideon. He says
dialog: he ain’t seen her, he ain't.
text: Gideon approaches John, full of menace.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: This one knows something. Caught him
text: sniffin’ round the cabins just when Minty
dialog: ran off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I tol’ you, I ain’t seen her!
text: Thompson steps between them.
scene_heading: A.C. THOMPSON
dialog: Nephew, this is uncalled for! These men
dialog: are my respected workers! I will not
dialog: have them further injured!
text: The two white men face off, Thompson richer and more
text: powerful, Gideon a head taller and decades younger.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: If your niggers helped my slave escape,
dialog: I’m holding you responsible. So if you
dialog: don’t want me taking this personal,
dialog: uncle, why don’t you send some of your
dialog: men to help me bring her back?
text: Gideon and Thompson glare at each other.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Minty lies asleep on a bed of pine needles, hidden against a
text: ridge. Suddenly she’s jarred awake by a tidal wave in her
dialog: soul...
text: A PRAYING MANTIS seems to be looking at her intently. We
scene_heading: hear THE VOICE: QUIET. DANGER.
text: We hear DOGS and VOICES... Minty doesn’t dare move...
text: A PATROL of men on horseback, approaching. We hear GIDEON’S
speaker_heading: VOICE.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (0.S.)
dialog: Morris, you and Butch stay to the roads,
dialog: Foxx and me will take the woods.
text: The men split off. A SLAVE with hounds on a leash leads
text: Gideon and Foxx deeper into the woods, away from her...
text: Suddenly the dogs seem to catch a scent and go veering in her
dialog: direction--
text: ON MINTY - Frozen. If she moves, she risks being seen. But
dialog: she can’t wait for the dogs...
text: Minty takes off, tearing through the woods, pursued closely
text: by the dogs, only 50 yards behind her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 20.
text: Gideon and Foxx ride after the dogs, the horses picking their
text: way through the overgrown woods with difficulty.
speaker_heading: FOXX
dialog: They got a scent!
text: WE FOLLOW MINTY - as she plows through thickets of trees,
text: branches slapping her face and arms. She trips over the
text: carcass of a possum. She picks it up and hurls it away from
text: her, sliding painfully into a ravine.
text: She dives under a fallen tree, disturbing a SNAKE, which
text: unwinds itself from a branch above her head and dangles face
text: to face. Minty tries to control her terror as the dogs pass
text: close, going after the dead possum.
text: HORSES’ LEGS, follow, jumping the ravine. Minty keeps her
text: eyes on the snake as she edges out of her hiding place. She
text: runs, in the opposite direction.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS’ EDGE - DAWN
text: Minty catches her breath at a tree line, an enormous clearing
text: before her. The North Star shines ahead, faint in the
text: growing light. We can hear the dogs barking behind her, back
text: on her scent. She steels her nerve and runs--
text: Dashing across the open space, a dark, small figure against
text: the graying landscape. She races for the distant tree line.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE LINE - MINUTES LATER
text: Minty looks back. The wide expanse is clear... then we see
text: the tiny figures of the dogs, followed by Gideon and Foxx,
text: with lanterns, converging with the men from Thompson’s Mill.
text: They ride towards her, then separate, hoping to head her off.
text: Minty peels the shoes from her bloody feet and rubs her skin
text: and shoes with spruce pine, trying to cover her scent. We
text: hear the dogs, barking in the distance. Minty runs...
scene_heading: EXT. CREEK, BRIDGE - MORNING
text: Minty drags herself forward, exhausted. She comes to a
text: bridge over a fast moving creek. Minty hesitates...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 21.
text: We hear HORSES AND DOGS.... She dashes across, looking behind
dialog: her as--
text: BUTCH and MORRIS, two dangerous looking white men, converge
text: with the dogs on horseback. Minty sprints away from them,
dialog: but stops short when--
text: GIDEON appears with Foxx the other side, also on horseback.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Minty, you devilish girl.
text: Minty eyes the churning water below, the Thompson’s Mill men
text: advancing slowly from the other side. Gideon gestures for
text: them to halt. He dismounts, inching towards her.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mon back peaceful. Your family’s
dialog: worried about you. Your mama’s crying,
dialog: your sister too. C’mon home.
text: Minty’s eyes flick to the water and back to Gideon. He
text: stops, a few paces away.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: You thinking bout jumping? Suicide’s a
dialog: sin against God - you know that. Against
dialog: those that own you too.
text: Minty climbs onto the rail. Gideon inches closer. He leans
text: on the rail, several feet away, speaking casually.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: I've decided not to sell you after all,
dialog: Minty. You been there all my life - I'd
dialog: miss your ugly face. I’m gonna have to
dialog: hurt you a little, to teach you a lesson.
dialog: But it wont be too bad, long as you come
dialog: back gentle. C’mon home, Minty.
text: Minty looks him dead in the eyes.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: I'ma be free or die!
text: In the blink of an eye, she thrusts herself off the rail,
text: into the churning water below.
text: The patrol converges on the bridge. Gideon watches in horror
text: as the current pulls her away and under.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Goddamnit, Minty!!!
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK - DAY
text: Gideon, Foxx and the dogs search the river’s edge. Down
text: river, Morris shakes his head and draws a hand across his
text: neck. She must be dead.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK - DOWNSTREAM - AFTERNOON
text: Minty wakes, sprawled at the edge of the river bank. She
text: pushes onto her hands and knees, vomiting water. After a
text: moment, she crawls to her feet. Her shoes are gone, along
text: with her head wrap, the knife, everything but her tattered
text: dress, which hangs indecently from her battered body.
text: She searches frantically in her pocket for the figurine of
text: her father, giving a sob of relief when she finds it.
text: Barefoot, hair wild, she trudges off.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMLAND - MARYLAND-DELAWARE BORDER - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Minty runs through wide open farmland, exposed in the
text: afternoon light, searching desperately for a place to hide.
dialog: She sees...
text: A FARM HOUSE in the distance. Another across the road, field-
text: hands with the cattle, slaves working the fields.
text: Minty sees a farm cart, covered with a tarp. She sprints
dialog: towards it...
scene_heading: EXT. FARM CART - SAME
text: The cart is piled high with wheat and hay. Minty crawls
text: beneath the tarp and tucks herself between bales of hay.
text: She rests. Her breathing slows, her eyes closing...
scene_heading: EXT. FARM CART - PRE-DAWN
text: ON MINTY - She opens her eyes. The cart is moving! Minty
text: peeks from underneath the tarp...
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: MINTY’S POV - The farm cart bumps along a country road,
dialog: passing...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 23.
text: SLAVE CATCHERS, heading the opposite direction... THREE
text: RUNAWAY SLAVES tied together in the back, passing close
dialog: enough to see their despair.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: The cart stops. Minty peeks from underneath the tarp...
text: The farmer dismounts. He looks up at the stars. He speaks
text: softly, almost to himself.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: I know you're there. I’m heading to
dialog: market, just up the road. Best get out
dialog: now.
text: Minty jumps from the wagon and darts into the trees. She
text: watches as the farmer climbs on his horse and drives off.
text: The sky breathes with dawn’s first light. Minty finds the
dialog: North Star and runs.
scene_heading: EXT. DELAWARE - RIVERFRONT - DAY
text: The sky is just clearing after a downpour. Minty is soaked
text: and shivering, hiding at the corner of a tavern near a
text: sparsely populated stretch of waterfront.
text: MINTY’S POV - A WHITE COUPLE kiss in front of the tavern, 20
text: feet away. Minty looks past them to...
text: A BLACK BOAT WORKER docking his skiff.
text: As the couple moves off, Minty makes a dash for the river,
text: approaching the black boatman.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Suh... You know a blacksmith round here,
dialog: name of Garrett?
text: The boatman, JASPER MARLEY, looks down at the tiny figure in
text: the drenched, torn dress. He quickly whips off his rough
text: cloak and throws it around her shoulders.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Careful, girl. You half dressed, look
text: half dead. Anyone with eyes can see what
dialog: you are. The man you looking for is on
dialog: the corner of 4th and Shipley. No more
text: than half a mile west.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 24.
text: Minty pulls the cloak around her. It drags the ground. She
text: looks up into the sailor’s rough, worried face.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Thank you, suh.
text: She staggers off. Jasper watches with concern.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. GARRETT HOUSE AND SHOP - SHIPLEY STREET
text: THOMAS GARRETT, a youthful and robust white man in his
text: fifties, dressed plainly in the manner of the Quakers,
text: polishes a set of fire irons, an assortment of ironworks on
text: display around him.
text: He hears a rustling and looks up, jumping as he sees Minty,
text: shrouded in the dripping cloak, like death itself.
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: May I help thee, friend?
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Suh... You know a Negro name Reverend
dialog: Green?
speaker_heading: GARRETT
dialog: Yes, I do. I’ve been waiting for thee.
text: Minty collapses.
scene_heading: INT. GARRETT HOUSE - BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Minty wakes in a strange bed in a plain room. She’s in her
text: underclothes. She sits up, alarmed...
text: Across the foot of the bed is a plain chocolate brown dress.
text: On a table next to her bed sits her father’s CARVED FIGURINE.
scene_heading: INT. GARRETT HOUSE - CORRIDOR - MINUTES LATER
text: MINTY’S BARE BANDAGED FEET pad down a corridor. The dress is
text: too short and comes high above her ankles. She hears voices
text: below and tentatively starts downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. GARRETT HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: Thomas Garrett sits at the head of a long table, laden with
text: food. His wife, RACHEL GARRETT, looks up as she sees Minty.
text: She’s very plain, with a kind smile.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: RACHEL GARRETT
dialog: I couldn't mend your dress I’m afraid.
dialog: T’was too far gone. What you’re wearing
dialog: was our Amy’s favorite. She’s with the
dialog: Lord, and has no use for it. But she
dialog: would approve. I found something in the
dialog: pocket of your dress which I put by your
dialog: bed. It looked important.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Thank you.
text: Minty looks at them, timidly. They’re both emotional.
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: Well. Come down. You must be hungry.
scene_heading: INT. GARRETT HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS - LATER
text: Minty sits at the table with Rachel and Garrett. Garrett is
text: holding forth, while Rachel watches him, indulgently.
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: You're not the first to sit at our table,
dialog: confused and hungry - far from it!
dialog: Helping fugitive slaves is my divine duty
dialog: and my life’s work. Why, I almost lost
dialog: this house just last year, when I was
dialog: sued in federal court for aiding slaves.
text: After being tried, convicted and heavily
dialog: fined, the judge asked me if I’d learned
dialog: my lesson. I said to the court. “If thee
dialog: knows of any slave who needs assistance,
dialog: send him to me, for I now pledge to
dialog: double my diligence in assisting slaves
dialog: to freedom!”
text: He laughs robustly. Rachel smiles and pats his hand. He
text: takes a bite of pork, peering at Minty, bright-eyed.
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT (CONT'D)
dialog: So tell me, friend, how did thee find the
dialog: courage to come all this way alone?
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: T'was de Lord. I think God wan’ me be
dialog: free.
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: My dear child, I believe that God means
dialog: all mankind to be free.
text: Minty looks at him in wonder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Suh... you a saint?
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: No, friend. I’m a Quaker.
scene_heading: EXT. PENNSYLVANIA BORDER - SUNRISE
text: A horse-drawn carriage drives across a broad plain as sunrise
text: tinges the horizon pink and gold.
text: Garrett drives the horses, wearing the broad-brimmed hat and
text: cloak that distinguishes the Quakers. He brings the carriage
text: to a stop, climbs down and opens the back.
text: Minty gets out, half hidden by a wide Quaker hat.
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: Here we are, friend! The Pennsylvania
dialog: border. Shall I drive thee across, or
dialog: would thee prefer to walk into freedom
dialog: alone, on thy own feet?
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: I‘11 walk with de Lord.
text: Minty gives him back the hat and cloak. She still wears his
text: daughter’s plain brown dress. He regards her fondly.
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: Then this is where I’ll leave thee. It’s
dialog: 25 miles to Philadelphia. Find the
dialog: Pennsylvania Antislavery Society and ask
dialog: for William still.
text: He reaches in his cloak and presses a daguerreotype of a
text: handsome black man into her hands.
text: Minty looks at it in wonder.
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT (CONT'D)
dialog: This is his likeness, so you'll know him
dialog: when you see him. Until we see each
dialog: other again, God bless thee.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: God bless you, suh.
text: A small sign marks the Delaware-Pennsylvania border. As
text: Minty walks past it, the sun rises, bathing the countryside
text: in light. Minty looks down at her hands to see if she’s
text: changed. She spins around in the field, exuberant.
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA - STREET - DAY
text: The bustling city of Philadelphia. A carriage passes,
text: revealing Minty. She looks around her in wonder.
text: BLACK VENDORS roast oysters, chestnuts and corn, or peddle
text: matches and flowers to fashionable WHITES.
text: Minty feels conspicuous, fighting the urge to duck when
text: whites look her way. She approaches a VENDOR.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: “Please, suh... I lookin’ for de
dialog: Pennsylvania Antislavery Society.
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: Corner of 5th and Arch Street, bout half
text: a mile down.
text: He looks her over, realizing.
speaker_heading: VENDOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (he lowers his voice)
dialog: Don't be afraid, there plenty of us here
dialog: in Philadelphia. Walk like you got a
dialog: right to, won’t nobody pay you no mind.
text: Minty nods gratefully and continues on, trying to walk like
dialog: she’s got a right to.
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA ANTISLAVERY SOCIETY - DAY
text: PRINTING PRESS - A pamphlet is being copied.
text: WILLIAM STILL, 28, black and dashingly handsome, carefully
text: pulls a pamphlet from the press, the ink still wet. He hangs
text: it up to dry next to others on a rack. The pamphlet is
text: titled, ANTI-SLAVERY REFORM.
text: Minty enters. William peers through the pamphlets.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: May I help you?
text: She checks the daguerreotype against the man in front of her.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Suh, are you Mr. William Still?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: I am. And you are...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: (she hesitates)
dialog: ...-A white man name of Garrett sent me.
text: A beat. William looks at her with clinical interest.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Please, have a seat.
text: William leads her to a chair by a desk. He disappears into a
text: back room and returns a few moments later with a cup of water
text: and a weathered copper case, from which he removes a marbled
text: NOTEBOOK. He puts the cup in front of Minty and opens the
text: book, dipping a pen in ink.
text: Minty drinks the water, gratefully.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: What is your full name and where are you
dialog: from?
text: She hesitates. He tries to put her at ease.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: This book is full of fugitive slave
dialog: histories. I keep a record of most of
dialog: the slaves that come through
dialog: Philadelphia. Some I have to find, most
dialog: find me, as you have.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: My name Araminta Ross Tubman. Folk call
dialog: me Minty. I come from Dorchester County,
dialog: Maryland, farm of Edward Brodess.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Edward Brodess is your master?
speaker_heading: MINTY
text: Massa Brodess dead. His wife, Miz Eliza,
dialog: own me and my family.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Not you, not anymore.
text: Minty is quiet as she tries to grasp this concept.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: Where are the others?
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: Weren’t no others.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: You can tell me, Minty. I’m a friend.
dialog: Who did you escape with?
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: I left my husband an family. T’was jus
dialog: me, an de Lord.
text: William takes this in, blown away.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: You're... a brave and lucky girl, Minty.
dialog: I don’t know if you realize how
dialog: extraordinary it is, what you’ve done.
dialog: By some near miraculous means, you've
dialog: made it 100 miles, alone, to freedom.
dialog: (collects himself)
dialog: Would you like to choose a new name, to
dialog: mark your freedom? Many ex-slaves do.
dialog: Whatever name you want.
speaker_heading: MINTY
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Dey call my mama Rit, but her name
dialog: Harriet. I want my mama name, and my
dialog: husband. Harriet Tubman.
text: We see the name, Harriet, as he writes it in his book. From
dialog: now on, we will call her Harriet.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Very good. So, tell me, Harriet, how
dialog: would you characterize your master? What
dialog: kind of man was he?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: He de devil. Most whites I know is
dialog: devilish.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Not all of them. Mr. Garrett just got
dialog: you to me.
dialog: (back to business)
dialog: Did your master ever hurt you,
dialog: physically? Do you have wounds? Scars
dialog: from beatings?
text: Harriet fingers the dent in her forehead.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Overseer crack my head open, when I was
dialog: bout 13. I was at the store, out at de
text: crossroads, with Massa’s son, Gideon.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Gideon an me was companions when we was
dialog: young, and I was strong, and could carry
dialog: a 40 pound bag a rice, so overseer let me
dialog: go.
text: Harriet frowns, lost in the memory. William watches her, pen
text: hovered over his book.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D (CONT'D)
dialog: My big brother, Robert, snuck off and
dialog: followed us - din’ trust Massa Gideon
dialog: lone in de woods wit me. I tol’ him to
dialog: go back, but he wouldn’t leave me. Few
text: minutes later, overseer bust in, lookin’
dialog: for ‘im - mad as a rabid hound. Robert -
dialog: he a proud boy - he stand up to ‘im, say
dialog: his piece. Overseer got so mad, he pick
text: up a weight from the counter an hurl it
dialog: at my brother... ‘cept I stepped ‘tween
dialog: ‘em. Crack my skull right open.
text: She fingers the scar. William is spellbound.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Dey say I slept most 2 month. Next thing
dialog: I ‘member, I was seeing my sisters sold.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK VISION -
dialog: The same image we’ve seen before - Harriet's sisters, LINAH
text: AND SOPH, faces twisted in anguish, as they are forced into a
text: Slaver's carriage. Now we see YOUNG GIDEON, armed with a
text: rifle, helping load them in. HORSES'S HOOVES pound, carrying
dialog: them away.
scene_heading: INT. PHILADELPHIA SLAVERY SOCIETY - BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Cept I saw it before it happen.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Before it happened.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: God showed me, to prepare me I guess.
dialog: But when it happen, it hurt so bad, worse
dialog: den any beating, worse den de hole in my
dialog: head. Hole in my head jus made God’s
text: voice more clear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 31.
text: William is stunned. He makes a note in his book: possible
dialog: brain damage.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA STREET - AFTERNOON
text: William walks Harriet through town. He walks with
text: confidence. Harriet, still resisting the urge to duck, looks
text: at the whites around her, mystified.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: How you tell de angels from de devils,
dialog: when dey walking in de street, side by
dialog: side?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Well, often you can tell immediately, by
dialog: how they look at you. But sometimes you
dialog: have to use your intuition.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You mean, my top eye. Dat’s what we call
dialog: it.
text: William looks at her, amused and a bit charmed.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Yes, your top eye.
text: Harriet looks at the whites, trying to see their souls.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA STREET - ROOMING HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: William and Harriet are walking through an enclave of black
text: laborers and freedmen. They approach a modest rooming house
dialog: and enter.
scene_heading: INT. ROOMING HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: William goes to a counter and rings a bell. Moments later, a
text: beautiful and sophisticated black woman in her thirties,
text: MARIE BUCHANON, comes downstairs.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: Mr. Still, good evening.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Good evening, Marie. This is a new
dialog: arrival, Harriet Tubman. Harriet, this
text: is Marie Buchanon. She is a friend and
dialog: the owner of this establishment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: Please to meet you, Harriet.
text: Harriet is shy in front of the elegant woman.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: ...Ma’am.
text: William and Marie exchange a look.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: I am leaving her in your good hands,
dialog: Marie. Good evening, ladies.
text: William tips his hat and strides off, leaving them alone.
text: Marie looks Harriet over.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: C'mon in.
text: Marie leads her upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. ROOMING HOUSE - UPSTAIRS - AFTERNOON
text: A woman and two men play cards in a handsome parlor.
text: Harriet looks around at the fine furnishings, overwhelmed.
text: Marie watches her, amused.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: Yes, I am a woman, yes, I am Negro, and
dialog: yes, I own the place. Get your jaw off
dialog: the floor. My mama was freed when her
dialog: master died. She was pregnant with me,
dialog: so I was raised free, here in
dialog: Philadelphia. You can have the last room
dialog: on the left upstairs. I’ve served supper
dialog: already, I'll make you a plate. But
dialog: first, you need a bath. You stink like a
dialog: barnyard animal! There’s a wash tub in
text: the kitchen. I’11 put some water on.
text: Marie starts back downstairs.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You was born free. Guess you never had
dialog: de stink of fear. Of runnin’ fo yo life.
text: Marie stops, turns back, chastened.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You're right, Harriet. I have not.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. ROOMING HOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Marie carries a pot of hot water from the fire and pours it
text: into a copper tub, already half-filled.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: I‘1l warm your plate. You need anything,
dialog: just let me know.
text: A folding screen separates the tub from the kitchen, offering
dialog: a bit of privacy.
text: Harriet takes off the dress and underclothes and lets them
text: fall to the floor. She catches her reflection in a piece of
text: mirror. A map of scars, both old and new, covers her lean,
text: muscular body.
text: Marie catches a glimpse of Harriet’s body as she lowers
text: herself into the bath.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D)
dialog: You got a man?
scene_heading: BEHIND THE SCREEN -—
text: Harriet sinks lower in the tub, delighting in the
text: sensual warmth of the bath.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: My husband, John. He free like you. He
dialog: was gon run wit me, but I’s scared if we
dialog: get caught, dey take his freedom. So I
dialog: left ‘im.
text: She watches the dust dance in the fading light.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I wish he was here wit me. Must’a
dialog: been hard on him when dey found me gone.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
text: The boatmen, the “black jacks,” travel up
dialog: and down the Delaware and Chesapeake Bay.
dialog: Maybe they can get word to him that you
dialog: made it. Then he can come to you.
text: Harriet brightens. She sits up, splashing.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Thank you, ma’am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: Call me Marie. Wash up good. Tomorrow
dialog: we gonna get you a payin’ job.
text: Harriet grins at the thought. She soaps her hair,
text: vigorously. Then puts her head under the water.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - SUMMER - 1850 - DAY
text: A BROWN HAND polishing wood until we can see reflected...
text: Harriet, in a maid’s uniform, hair tamed, furiously cleaning.
text: Time has passed and she looks healthy and fit, but there’s
text: something manic about the way she works, as if she’s trying
text: not to think. A tear hits the polished wood. She wipes it
dialog: away.
text: A young black woman, JESSE, pauses outside the open doorway,
text: watching her.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Slow down, Harriet. They don’ pay us by
dialog: the bushel!
text: Seeing her mood, Jesse comes in and helps Harriet make the
text: bed, looking across at her with concern.
speaker_heading: JESSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come to the social tonight. You might
dialog: have fun. Would that be so terrible?
text: Harriet doesn’t answer. Jesse looks at her, knowingly.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK —- AFTERNOON
text: Harriet hurries down a narrow street to the river. She’s
text: grown more confident in her manner, no longer fearful. She
text: spots a boat worker she knows and waves...
text: It's Jasper, the black sailor she met in Wilmington.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Hello, Miss Harriet!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Jasper! Any word from my family?
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Yes, ma’am. Brought some lumber from the
dialog: Eastern Shore. Your husband and family
dialog: know you safe.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: My husband send word back?
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: No ma’‘am. No word ‘cept what I tol’ you.
text: Harriet turns and walks away, crestfallen.
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA ANTISLAVERY SOCIETY - AFTERNOON
text: Harriet barges into the office, barely noticing...
text: The bustle of people, mostly white, engaged in various
dialog: activities, passing pamphlets, signing petitions...
text: William, writing at his desk, looks up.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Harriet! How are you?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Mr. Still, I need yo angels to help git
dialog: my husband an family.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: That’s not how it works, Harriet. My
dialog: “angels” are part of a sophisticated
dialog: network, not for your personal use.
dialog: Trust that we are doing what we can, for
dialog: who we can.
text: Harriet paces, wringing her hands.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: But I feel somethin’ wrong, William. I
dialog: cain’t sleep. Please help me!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Harriet, listen to me! Our work has
dialog: gotten much more dangerous. Slaveholders
dialog: are frustrated over the number of
text: runaways. Federal judges, marshals and
text: slave catchers are working together.
dialog: Even congress is threatening to pass laws
dialog: to appease the South.
text: He can see that he’s lost her.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: If you won’ help me, I’1l go myself.
text: William is losing patience.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Don’t be ridiculous. I can’t have you
dialog: risking your life and my network because
dialog: you're lonely! Rescuing slaves requires
dialog: skill and careful planning. Can you read
dialog: a sign, or a map? Can you read at all?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I put my attention on tryin’ hear God’s
text: voice more clear.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Do you know what would happen if you got
dialog: caught? They’d torture you, til you
dialog: pointed them right to this office! You
dialog: got lucky, Harriet. Be grateful you made
dialog: it this far and pray for those yet to
dialog: come. There’s nothing more you can do!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: (erupting)
dialog: Don’t tell me what I cain’t do. I made
dialog: it dis far on my own! God was watchin’,
dialog: but my feet was my own - runnin’,
dialog: bleedin’, climbin’, nearly drowned -
dialog: nothin’ to eat for days an days. An I
dialog: made it! So don’t you tell me what I
dialog: cain’t do. You don’ know me!
text: William, watches, stunned, as she walks angrily away.
scene_heading: INT. ROOMING HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Harriet is with Marie, having just shared her dilemma.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I made up my mind; I’m goin’ back.
dialog: Wit’out my husband an family, I’m just a
dialog: stranger in a strange land. If I’m free,
dialog: dey should be too. I’m gon go git em,
dialog: one by one, starting wit my husband. I
dialog: need a suit for him and a dress for me,
dialog: so I can look like a free lady. Will you
dialog: help me?
text: Marie goes to the window and looks out, troubled.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: I can give you a dress you'll likely be
dialog: hanged and buried in...
text: She turns back to Harriet, having made her own decision.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D)
dialog: Or I can teach you how to wear it.
scene_heading: INT. ROOMING HOUSE - PARLOR - DAY
text: Harriet is in a lovely dress and dainty shoes, walking with
text: her head high. Marie leads her, extending her hands in
text: graceful, ladylike gestures.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: How do you do?
text: Harriet imitates her carriage and gestures with surprising
dialog: skill. She’s a natural mimic.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: Good. You're confident, composed, but
dialog: wise enough not to look a strange white
dialog: man in the eyes. You don’t want trouble.
text: Marie goes to a carved box and retrieves a COLT REVOLVER.
text: She puts it in Harriet’s hands, adjusting her grip from
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D)
dialog: But if trouble comes, you’1ll be ready.
text: Harriet looks in the mirror. She aims the revolver, fierce.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA - DARK ALLEY - NIGHT
text: off the city streets in a disreputable
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON (OVER)
dialog: I‘11 put you in touch with a
dialog: man who'll sell you free papers.
text: Harriet moves slowly until an UNSEEN MAN whispers to her.
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Hey gal.
text: She hands him money, he hands her papers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON (OVER)
dialog: They won’t be yours - they’re someone
dialog: else’s. May not match your description
dialog: exactly, but they’1l get something right.
text: Harriet pushes the papers back to him.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Read ‘em for me.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - AUTUMN - 1850 - DAY
text: A train chugs through farmland.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - NIGHT
text: Harriet sits by a window in a car near the engine room as the
text: train heads south. She clutches a satchel.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON (OVER)
dialog: Hopefully they won’t read ‘em too close.
dialog: They're more worried about Negroes
text: heading north. Runaways don’t go south.
text: The train pulls into a station.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR (0.S.)
dialog: Dover. Dover, Delaware.
text: Harriet puts her satchel across her shoulders and takes out
text: her papers. She trembles as we follow her out.
scene_heading: EXT. DOVER STATION - NIGHT
text: Marshals wait to search northbound trains.
text: Harriet sees a group of recently captured RUNAWAY SLAVES in
text: shackles. She tightens with fear. A MARSHAL approaches and
text: she turns to him.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Hello, suh. How do you do?
speaker_heading: MARSHAL
dialog: Papers.
text: Harriet gives him the papers, her back straight and her eyes
text: below his chin. He eyes at the papers, then her.
speaker_heading: MARSHAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Dessa Dixon?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Yes, suh.
speaker_heading: MARSHAL
dialog: Where were you born, Dessa?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Philadelphia, July 18, 1824, of free
dialog: issue.
text: A deputy approaches. The captured slaves watch the scene
text: unfold. Harriet sets down her bag.
speaker_heading: MARSHAL
dialog: Says here you're five an a half feet
dialog: tall. You ain’t more’n five feet.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Musta worn my high boots that day.
text: She smiles. They laugh, unpleasantly. Behind Harriet’s
text: back, her hand grips the handle of the Colt revolver, which
text: the slaves can see, but the marshals can’t. The slaves
text: watch, on edge.
speaker_heading: MARSHAL
dialog: It says you have a birthmark on your
dialog: forehead.
text: With her free hand she tips her hat back to show her scar.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: That’s correct, suh.
text: They look at her head a moment, then at the papers. A beat.
text: The marshal hands them back.
text: Hiding the gun in her dress, Harriet takes them. As she
text: walks away, weak-kneed, the slaves breathe a sigh of relief.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - DAY
text: Harriet’s brothers, Robert, Junyah and Henry, are raking the
text: fields, along with other slaves and their families, preparing
dialog: for winter planting.
scene_heading: INT. BRODESS HOUSE - SAME
text: Gideon sits at a desk, writing, while Eliza dictates.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: Dear Dr. Thompson--No, dear brother-in-
dialog: law... I hope you will accept this modest
dialog: payment on the money owed you by my
dialog: departed--my dearly departed Edward. It
dialog: has not been easy for me with him gone.
dialog: He left us in a sorry state of affairs,
dialog: the depths of which we've only recently
dialog: discovered. Since you have said you are
dialog: not in a position to forgive the loan,
dialog: please accept the enclosed $7.50. I will
dialog: try to make another payment next month.
dialog: Your neighbor and sister-in-law, Eliza
dialog: Brodess.
text: Gideon puts some bills and coins into an envelope.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: We're gon’ have to sell some slaves,
dialog: mama.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: Our stature in this community, is
dialog: measured in negroes. We can’t live like
dialog: paupers. Who’s supposed to work the
dialog: fields - the twins?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Would you prefer to keep the slaves and
dialog: sell the farm?
text: Eliza turns away from him, sullen.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll sell the Ross brothers. Robert
dialog: alone is worth 6-7 hundred. If we sell
dialog: Junyah and Henry too, we can bring home
dialog: maybe 16. That will go aways to paying
dialog: off daddy’s debts. You won’t have to
dialog: beg, the twins can remain useless and we
dialog: can go on as we have.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: With you unmarried and sleeping in
dialog: brothels?
text: Gideon and Eliza exchange a loaded look.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: We'll go on as we have. The others will
dialog: just have to work harder to make up for
dialog: the loss.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 41.
text: A beat. Eliza gives a long, dramatic sigh, gesturing for him
text: to begin anew... He takes another sheet.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: Negroes for sale...
scene_heading: EXT. THOMPSON'S MILL - POPLAR CREEK - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Harriet stealthily approaches the estate where her husband
text: and father work. She pauses beneath a tree, her excitement
text: tinged with a sense of foreboding.
scene_heading: EXT. THOMPSON'S MILL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Work is wrapping up for the day and Thompson's workers are
text: trudging back to their cabins from the mill.
text: John says goodbye to his team and rests against a pile of
text: lumber, exhausted. A VOICE floats to him from the woods.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I'm sorry I had to leave you...
text: Recognizing her voice instantly, John stands and looks
dialog: around.
text: Harriet springs from the trees by the creek and throws
text: herself into his arms. He clutches her in disbelief.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Minty... Is it you!?
text: He pulls her out of view into the mill.
scene_heading: INT. MILL - CONTINUOUS
text: Both of them are awash in emotion, touching each other’s
text: face. She’s changed since he last saw her, in proper clothes
text: she has the bearing of a free woman.
text: John has changed also. She runs her fingers along the ugly
text: scar down one cheek and across a clouded eye, where Gideon's
dialog: strap made its mark.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Johnny, Johnny... What dey done to you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: One good eye is all I need to see you,
dialog: girl. You look good, Minty. But why you
dialog: back here? It ain’t safe.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I come to git you, Johnny, bring you to
dialog: freedom. I got a suit for you to wear...
dialog: I been livin’ free, in Philadelphia, but
dialog: I cain’t live without you.
text: He looks at her woefully. Fear grips her spine.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Ain’t you happy to see me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I heard you was drownt, Minty. Never
dialog: thought I’d see you again.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I sent you word... by de black jacks...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: By the time I heard you was alive...
dialog: (a beat; then)
dialog: Minty... I’m married.
text: She looks at him, confused.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I know you married, Johnny. You married
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I took another wife, Minty.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You took another wife...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Her name Caroline, and she free like me.
dialog: She carryin’ our chil’.
text: Harriet is floored.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Nother woman carryin’ your chil’?
dialog: I thought you loved me!
text: Tears spill down her cheeks. He pulls her to him, trying to
text: calm her, both of them crying now.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Like I ain’t never loved nobody, not my
dialog: own kin! You left me, Minty. You went
dialog: alone and left me and I prayed for you.
dialog: Gideon whipped the sight out my eye - and
dialog: I prayed for you.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: When I heard you jumped off that bridge,
dialog: and I thought you was cold and dead,
text: caught in the river weeds, like some
dialog: animal - I prayed for you!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Then you found another wife.
text: He looks at her, wretched. She pushes him away.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Go on then. Go home.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Minty, you not safe here. You gotta
dialog: leave, now! Gideon still lookin’ for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: So, de white man din’ give up. You did.
text: He backs away.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I love you, Minty. I would’a died for
dialog: you, if you’d let me.
text: He turns and strides out. Harriet takes a few ragged
text: breaths... She stumbles after him.
scene_heading: EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL —- JOHN’S CABIN - DUSK
text: The cabin has a small vegetable garden in front. John washes
text: his face and hands in a basin by his stoop.
text: Harriet approaches, unseen. She looks in a window...
text: INSIDE - A lovely woman, round with child, puts aside her
text: work. Hearing her husband, CAROLINE glances at her
text: reflection in a bit of mirror, taking off her head wrap,
text: freeing her springy hair.
text: Harriet pulls the revolver, taking aim at her rival...
text: Then John walks into view, taking Caroline in his arms. He
text: holds her tight, letting her comfort him. Caroline kisses
text: away troubles, not asking their source. He puts his hands on
text: her rounded belly.
text: Harriet bends over her knees and vomits. She takes the
text: satchel from her shoulder and slings it hard against the
text: door. She runs, the revolver swinging at her side...
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL - TREE GROVE - DUSK
text: Harriet runs into the grove of trees, reckless, consumed with
text: anguish. She howls, devastated.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Why, Lord? I listen for your voice! You
dialog: tol’ me come, I came! You led me back
dialog: here! Why bring me all dis way to rub
dialog: mud in my face? Why you let me live?
text: She contemplates the gun in her hand... The sound of insects
dialog: grows louder...
text: Harriet arches backwards and falls to the ground, twitching
text: in spasms.
text: HARRIET'S VISION - A RAVEN stands in front of her. She hears
dialog: THE VOICE: Harriet!
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - VISION
text: A strange dark cloud throws an eerie shadow over HARRIET'S
text: BROTHERS in the fields.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY - VISION
text: Harriet runs, FEET skimming the earth. Other BROWN LEGS
dialog: follow; men, women, children...
scene_heading: EXT. ORCHARD - VISION
text: THE RAVEN looks at her. LEAD THEM.
scene_heading: EXT. THOMPSON'S MILL - ORCHARD - NIGHT
text: Harriet wakes and stands shakily.
speaker_heading: BEN (0.S.)
dialog: John told me you was here.
text: BEN sits close by, back against a tree, kerchief tied over
text: his eyes, Harriet’s satchel at his feet.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Daddy...
text: He reaches for her and she pulls him to his feet, falling
text: into his arms, heartbreak washing over her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Johnny don’ love me no more.
text: Ben takes her shoulders, shaking her.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Minty, some things ain’t meant to be.
dialog: But you here now is a miracle - I got
dialog: your brothers hidin’ in the corncrib.
dialog: Miz Eliza fixin’ to sell ‘em.
text: Harriet is sobered by this, realizing the significance of her
dialog: vision...
text: Ben hands her the satchel.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNCRIB - NIGHT
text: Harriet leads her father to the corncrib.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: They been waitin’ on Robert. Mary’s in
dialog: labor and he won’t leave her til she
dialog: delivers.
text: He unlatches the door and Harriet’s brothers - Junyah and
text: Henry climb out.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Junyah...
text: Junyah hugs her tight.
speaker_heading: JUNYAH
dialog: Minty! Cain’t believe it’s you.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Henry!
text: Henry’s face lights up as he joins in the hug.
text: JANE, a slender girl disguised as a boy, climbs gingerly from
text: the corncrib. Junyah goes to help her.
speaker_heading: JUNYAH
dialog: Minty... this my fiancee, Jane. From
dialog: Horatio Jones farm. Her massa been
dialog: beatin’ her bad. She comin’ wit us.
text: Henry helps a woman, PHOEBE, 20, with a baby in arms.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Phoebe asked to come too. She scared of
dialog: bein’ sol way from her baby.
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: My husband pass last Spring. She all I
dialog: got.
text: Harriet looks at the infant sleeping in Phoebe’s arms.
speaker_heading: PHOEBE (CONT'D)
dialog: When I hear you made it to freedom, I
dialog: name her Araminta. Maybe she see freedom
dialog: too.
text: Harriet takes them in, overwhelmed. She looks at Baby
text: Araminta. Phoebe is desperate.
speaker_heading: PHOEBE (CONT'D)
dialog: She'll be good, I promise. Your sister,
dialog: Rachel, she stole Miz Eliza’s laudanum,
dialog: to keep her quiet.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Where is Rachel? Where my sister?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Rachel too scared to run, Minty. She say
text: Miss Eliza got a hawk-eye on her.
text: Harriet turns to her father.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: And mama?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Rit wit me.
text: ANGLE ON - BEN’S CABIN in the distance, where they can see
text: Rit moving slowly about inside.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Miss Eliza let me buy her freedom. Ain’t
dialog: have much use for her. Rit ain’t been
dialog: right since she heard you drownt. Her
dialog: heart would burst, she knew you was here,
dialog: bout to run again, wit the boys. I’11
dialog: take care of your mama. Don’chu worry
dialog: bout us.
text: Harriet takes in the crew of fugitives, processing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I planned for one more, not all of you
text: and a baby too.
text: The baby stirs, face bunched in a scowl. Harriet looks at
text: the infant, a stab of fresh pain fortifying her. She takes
text: one of the baby’s tiny hands. The baby looks up at her.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: But if you trust me, an follow my lead,
dialog: baby Araminta will grow up free.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s late. You need to go. I’11 send
dialog: Robert on.
speaker_heading: JUNYAH
dialog: What if Mary don’t deliver till sunrise?
dialog: He’1ll be caught and sold.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: By sunrise, they'll be after you too.
text: This truth sobers them. Just then we see a dark form,
text: streaking across the field towards them. Harriet runs to
dialog: meet him.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Robert! Thank God!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Minty!
text: He lifts her off her feet, embracing her. The others
text: surround him.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: How’s Mary? Tell us.
text: Robert is breathing hard, from exertion and emotion, making
dialog: words difficult.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: We got ourselves a baby girl. Delivered
dialog: myself, not an hour ago. Set her on her
dialog: mama’s breast and kissed ‘em goodbye...
text: Phoebe’s baby gives a faint cry. Robert is overcome with
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (CONT'D)
text: Mary’s too weak from childbirth to run,
dialog: even if I could convince her... I had to
dialog: leave ‘em.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 48.
text: Ben reaches for his son’s shoulder.
text: Harriet looks up into her brother’s face, sharing his pain.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You had to leave ‘em, either free or in
dialog: chains. You chose freedom.
text: She hands him the satchel. Robert pulls the suit from the
text: satchel and looks at her.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You come for John. I’m sorry, Minty.
text: Harriet shakes her head.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I thought I come for him... I see now I
dialog: come for all of you.
text: Robert pulls off his shirt, revealing a profusion of scars on
text: his muscled back, like a network of rivers.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Ain't but a few hours a dark left. If
dialog: you goin’, you need to go.
text: The siblings take a last look at their mother in Ben’s cabin,
text: wishing they could say goodbye.
scene_heading: EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL - MINUTES LATER
text: Harriet and her brothers lead their blindfolded father to the
text: tree-lined edge of the field. Robert is wearing the suit.
text: Ben hugs each of his sons. He kisses his daughter. She
text: clings to him.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Come wit us daddy.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Me and your mama will be fine. I ain’t
dialog: goin’ nowhere til all my children free.
text: He touches his daughter’s face.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Git gone, now. I ain’t seen none a you.
text: Harriet leads the freedom seekers off, leaving Ben alone on
text: the path. He waits until he no longer hears them, then he
text: lifts the kerchief from his damp eyes.
dialog: 49,
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: The freedom seekers follow Harriet through trees. They
text: approach a clearing by a body of water. The baby starts to
text: cry. They freeze. Robert is instantly protective of the
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: She hungry. She gotta eat.
text: POV - The fugitives sit amongst the trees as Phoebe breast-
text: feeds the baby. Someone is watching... We hear a scratching
dialog: sound...
text: A DARK FIGURE crouches in the trees, gangly and nappy-haired,
text: capturing the scene in a sketchbook.
scene_heading: EXT. REV. GREEN'S CHURCH - NEAR DAWN
text: Harriet and the freedom seekers approach through the
text: graveyard. Robert is skeptical. He won’t go further.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I don’ like dis, Minty. Reverend say der
dialog: a special place in Hell for runaways. I
dialog: don’ trust ‘im.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You trust me?
text: Robert looks at her a beat. Begrudgingly, he nods.
text: Harriet knocks on the door of the church. A few beats later,
text: Reverend Green ushers them in. He takes Harriet by the
dialog: shoulders.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: It’s good to see you, girl. Heard you'd
dialog: come back. Almost didn’t believe it.
text: He hustles them into the sanctuary.
scene_heading: INT. REV. GREEN'S CHURCH - SANCTUARY - NEAR DAWN
text: Reverend Green and Henry move aside the pulpit, revealing a
text: trap door underneath. Green pulls it up...
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: Go on. You’ll wait out the day down
dialog: there. You’ll be safe.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: INT. REV. GREEN'S CHURCH - CELLAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Harriet peers down. There’s candlelight coming from below.
text: We see FACES, peering up.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: There’s others. Word spread.
text: THREE SLAVES are huddled in the dark - a young man, ISSAC;
text: his father, JOE, and Joe’s mother, MIZ LUCY. They look up at
text: her, eyes full of fear, uncertainty and hope. Harriet is
dialog: overwhelmed.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM — MORNING
text: We hear angry screaming. Slaves in the field look at the
text: house with anxiety.
scene_heading: INT. BRODESS HOUSE - PARLOR - SAME
text: Eliza rages in her dressing gown, smashing plates and vases
text: against the walls by Foxx’s head. He ducks, resigned.
text: Gideon watches his mother’s tantrum, grimly.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: FIND THEM, I SAID!!
speaker_heading: FOXX
dialog: We will, ma’am.
text: The twins, Vince and Victor, rush in followed by Becky.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Ma, what is it?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: We had five slaves run off.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: 5 slaves - over $2000! This whole farm
dialog: ain't worth but $5000. We got a rat in
dialog: our pantry, and it will starve us if we
dialog: don’t trap it and kill it! RACHEL!!
text: Rachel appears, holding a baby. A brown-skinned girl of
text: four, ANGERINE “ANGER”, trails behind her. Rachel quickly
text: hands Anger her baby brother and looks at her mistress
text: pleasantly.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Yessum.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 51.
text: Eliza backhands her, sending her into the wall. Anger wails.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: Don’t you “yessum” me, you black bitch!
dialog: Your brothers run off!
text: Gideon grabs Rachel by the neck and pins her to the wall.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What’s your part in this, girl?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I don’ know nothin’, I swear! I don’
dialog: even know what you sayin’! Who run off?
text: He tightens his grip.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I’1ll snap your neck.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (choking)
dialog: I... don’... know nothin’. I swear...
text: Gideon releases her. She slides down the wall.
text: He turns towards Anger and the baby...
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Foxx, take these pickaninnies to market
dialog: and sell ‘em.
speaker_heading: FOXX
dialog: Yessuh.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: T’was Minty!
text: Something like hope lights in Gideon’s eyes. Almost
text: tenderly, he takes the squirming baby from Anger’s arms,
text: turning to Rachel.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Minty’s dead, you lyin’ wench.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
text: She alive. She come back.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You seen her?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I hear tell.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: FOXX
text: Niggers’ tales. Like haints in the
dialog: marsh. She’s lying!
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I hope it’s true. Good Lord, I hope it
dialog: is.
text: Gideon releases the baby into Rachel’s arms. Anger runs to
text: her mother, burying her face in her dress. Rachel clings to
dialog: her children.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: Foxx, round up some men and meet me out
dialog: at Poplar Neck.
text: Foxx nods curtly and runs out. Eliza collapses into angry
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: How could your father leave me with his
dialog: debts and his mutinous slaves?!
text: Gideon goes to his mother.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Hush, Mama, try not to upset yourself.
dialog: I’m gonna find ‘em for you - Minty too.
dialog: Rachel, give her a dose of laudanum for
dialog: her nerves. I’11 deal with you when I
dialog: get back.
text: Rachel nods, terrified, thinking of the laudanum she gave
dialog: Phoebe.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - MINUTES LATER
text: Gideon, on horseback, thunders toward the gate.
text: A BLACK YOUTH steps in his path. WALTER is gangling and
text: nappy-haired, between 18 and 20, dressed in buckskin britches
text: and work boots.
text: Gideon almost runs him over, his horse rearing.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What the hell is wrong with you, boy!
dialog: Outta my way!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You looking for some runaways, suh?
text: Gideon circles Walter menacingly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What you know about it? Speak up!
text: Walter pulls a beat up notice from his pocket.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: This here your notice, right? Runaway
text: slave, short, strong, dent in her head.
text: He pulls out a sketch pad and hands it to Gideon.
text: There’s a SKETCH of the slaves convening in the woods,
dialog: another of Harriet - no longer the same slave girl Gideon
text: once knew, but clearly recognizable as Minty.
text: Gideon looks up from the drawing, eyes burning.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Where’d you see her?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Take you there, for a dollar. I’ma
dialog: tracker, I know which way they headed,
dialog: and I can help you find ‘em.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: A tracker, you say?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: That and lots more - artist, blacksmith,
dialog: boatman, carpenter, fisherman,
dialog: horseman... Got skills right down the
dialog: alphabet til you get to scout and
dialog: tracker. Work for wages though - ain’t
dialog: no slave.
text: Gideon pulls out his gun and aims it at Walter.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: How bout you tell me which way they
dialog: headed, or I shoot the nose off your
dialog: face?
speaker_heading: WALTER
text: East from Poplar Neck.
text: Gideon throws a coin on the ground. He spurs his horse and
text: rides off. Walter calls after him.
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: I know Bigger Long!
text: Gideon pauses, rides back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Best slave catcher round - but hard to
dialog: get, ill-tempered and expensive.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You know Bigger Long?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: We practically kin. Hangs out in places
dialog: you wouldn’t be seen, but I know where to
dialog: find him.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Find Bigger Long and tell him to meet me
dialog: at Poplar Neck. They’1l be something in
dialog: it for you.
text: Gideon rides off. Walter picks up the coin. He whistles and
text: a black horse comes trotting out of the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - POPLAR NECK - LATER
text: Gideon is waiting with Foxx and the men he’s gathered for
text: their patrol - a lean and leathery career patroller, ATWOOD,
text: plus Morris and Butch, from Thompson's Mill, along with
text: several hounds.
speaker_heading: FOXX
dialog: How long we gon’ wait for this nigger?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Bigger the nigger’s worth the wait.
text: Just then, Walter rides up on his horse, followed by...
text: BIGGER LONG, a large, dark, scar-faced man, with hostile eyes
text: and an unpleasant disposition. A THICK BLACK MUTT trots
text: beside him.
text: Bigger looks at the group without speaking.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: Last night, five of my best slaves run
text: off; three bucks and a female, with foal.
dialog: I will pay $300 for their return, alive
dialog: and unharmed. I want the girl that’s
dialog: leadin’ ‘em too. Don’t want no harm to
dialog: come to her by nobodies’ hands but mine.
speaker_heading: BIGGER LONG
dialog: I get $200. They can split the rest.
text: Gideon gets in Bigger’s face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: $200? What’s an ugly nigger like you
dialog: gon’ buy with $200?
speaker_heading: BIGGER LONG
dialog: Enough white whores to last me til Lent.
text: Gideon's eyes narrow. Everyone reaches for their guns. The
text: air crackles with hostility. Walter crouches low on his
text: horse. Bigger breaks into a wheezing laugh. The others
text: chuckle dangerously.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You better be good as they say.
scene_heading: INT. REV. GREEN'S CHURCH - SUNSET
text: Reverend Green lights the evening candles.
text: The doors of the church burst open and Gideon and his posse
text: storm in. Reverend turns, appalled, as dogs rush into the
text: sanctuary and Bigger and the men turn over the rough-hewn
text: pews and benches.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: Master Brodess, what in God’s name?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You hidin’ fugitives, reverend?
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: Suh, you know me better than to accuse me
dialog: so unfairly! The Gospel in my hands is
dialog: an instrument to keep slaves righteous
dialog: and obedient.
text: Bigger approaches the pulpit. He tosses the pulpit aside,
text: revealing the trap door. He gives the reverend a nasty
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: BIGGER LONG
dialog: Boss...?
text: Gideon rushes over. The hounds circle the trap door,
text: sniffing.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What have we here, reverend?
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN
dialog: Storage for my books and a few dusty
text: bottles of port.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 56.
text: The others look on as Bigger pries the door open. Walter
text: hurries down the narrow stairs with a torch...
text: The small storage room is empty except for stacks of books
text: and a few dusty bottles of port.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DUSK
text: FEET running through woods, other brown legs follow...
text: Harriet leads the large band of freedom seekers, running as
text: fast as their feet will carry them. Miz Lucy, stumbles.
text: Issac picks her up, carrying her on his back.
text: The freedom seekers run, silhouetted against the moon.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS NEAR RAILROAD TRACKS - NIGHT
text: The freedom seekers sit huddled in a thicket of wood, taking
text: a moment's rest. Joe rubs Miz Lucy’s back, Robert dozes,
text: Phoebe nurses the baby while Junyah rips a strip of cloth
text: from his pants to wrap Jane’s bloody feet.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS/ROAD - NOT FAR AWAY
text: Harriet peers through the trees to see...
text: Butch and Morris standing watch on the road, waiting.
text: Harriet retreats back into the woods. In the distance, we
text: hear a DOG barking...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - TOO CLOSE FOR COMFORT
text: Bigger drives his mutt through the woods, hot on their trail.
text: The dog digs at something on the ground. Bigger
text: investigates... A bloody strip of cloth.
speaker_heading: BIGGER LONG
dialog: Good boy.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS NEAR RAILROAD TRACKS - NIGHT
text: Harriet runs back to the group.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Patrols got de road blocked!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You tol’ us to go dat way!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Now I’m tellin’ you we cain’t.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I don’t think I can go no further, Minty.
dialog: Feel like we goin’ in circles.
speaker_heading: JUNYAH
dialog: Ain't everybody strong like you, sister.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Somebody tell you escapin’ slavery was
dialog: easy?!
dialog: (She looks at Robert)
dialog: If you strong enough to bear de lash, you
dialog: strong enough to run from it!
text: We hear Bigger’s DOG bark. Robert jumps to his feet, pulling
dialog: Phoebe up.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: c'mon!
text: The fugitives get up and run.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - TIDAL STREAM - NIGHT
text: The freedom seekers stumble alongside a tidal stream bathed
text: in fog, trying to keep within the sparse tree cover, moving
dialog: as fast as exhaustion will allow.
text: Harriet and Phoebe run ahead with Issac and Henry, Robert
text: carries the baby, Jane leans on Junyah, Joe carries Miss
dialog: Lucy.
text: POV - THROUGH A SPYGLASS - The freedom seekers approaching in
dialog: the distance.
text: ON WALTER watching from his horse with a spyglass. He rides
dialog: off.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Gideon and Atwood are waiting with dogs and shackles. Walter
dialog: rides up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: They comin’ right to us! Bigger’s
text: driving ‘em from behind. The other two
dialog: got the road covered, ain’t no place to
dialog: go but right here.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: We'll be waiting for them. Don’t let ‘em
dialog: outta sight.
text: Walter rides off. Gideon peers into the gloomy night. A
text: smile plays at his lips.
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mon, Minty... C’mon home.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - TIDAL STREAM - NIGHT
text: Harriet runs towards the bridge in the distance. She pauses
text: to let the others catch up, breathing hard. Clouds race
text: across the moon... light and darkness, darkness and light.
text: The wind whistles...
text: POV FROM ABOVE - Walter watches from high in a tree as
text: Harriet sinks to her knees, moaning.
text: Robert and Joe run up to her; Joe panicking.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What wrong wit her?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: She prayin’. Minty peculiar dat way.
text: The others catch up, surrounding her. Harriet rocks and
text: moans, in a trance. Joe looks at her in dismay.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What we s’posed to do, wait?! She our
dialog: leader. Get her up!
text: He goes to grab her arm. Henry blocks him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Don’t touch her! She talkin’ to God.
text: We hear Bigger’s mutt barking not far away.
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: Dey comin’. We gotta go!
text: ABOVE THEM - Walter watches as...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 59.
text: The clouds part briefly, bathing Harriet in moonlight. Her
text: eyes open... She stands.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: We cain’t go on dat way. There’s danger!
text: We hear the dog getting closer. The fugitives panic.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: God say which way we can go?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Left.
text: Harriet takes off toward the stream. The others follow,
text: running full out behind her.
text: Walter climbs higher, keeping them in view.
scene_heading: EXT. TIDAL STREAM BANK - NIGHT
text: Harriet runs to the edge of the stream.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What now?
text: Harriet looks uncertain, maybe terrified. It seems there’s
dialog: only one choice.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: We cross.
text: Harriet pulls up her dress, tying the skirt around her legs.
text: The freedom seekers look at each other in dismay.
speaker_heading: MISS LUCY
dialog: I cain’t swim!
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Me neither.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Robert, carry the baby. Issac put Miss
dialog: Lucy on your shoulders. Junyah, you
dialog: carry Jane.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Dis fool tryin’ drown us!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Minty, you gone full crazy! We got an
dialog: old woman and a baby with us. We ain’t
dialog: goin’ in that river!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 60.
text: Harriet pulls out the Colt revolver.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I say we are. You'll be free or die.
text: Hands shaking, she aims the gun at her brother.
text: Phoebe gasps, Jane cowers behind Junyah. Henry watches wide-
text: eyed. Robert towers over his sister.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I didn’t leave my wife and family to
dialog: drown like a rat! You wanna shoot me, go
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: If she drown, who gon’ lead us?
speaker_heading: MIZ LUCY
dialog: She de only one know de way to
dialog: freedomland. I wan’ see freedomland fo’
dialog: I die!
text: Robert glares at Harriet defiantly, turns to the others.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I’ll lead you! Follow me. To the
dialog: bridge!
text: He starts away. The others watch incredulously as Harriet
text: raises the gun over her head and calmly walks into the water.
text: Henry watches her, holding his breath.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - MOMENTS LATER
text: The water is up to Harriet’s armpits. The tide pulls at her.
text: She prays to herself.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Rivers of living water flow through me.
dialog: Lord, lead me cross, take me through...
speaker_heading: FROM THE TREE
text: Walter watches as Harriet continues across until only her
text: head is visible. Just when it seems the water will swallow
text: her up, she reaches the deepest midpoint... then slowly, she
text: starts to rise. A few steps later, her shoulders break above
dialog: the surface...
text: Walter exhales.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: EXT. TIDAL STREAM BANK - MOMENTS LATER
text: The freedom seekers watch, incredulous as Harriet comes out
text: on the far bank. Henry rushes into the water, followed by
text: Jane and Junyah. Miss Lucy jumps on Issac’s shoulders.
text: Phoebe hands Robert the baby and wades in.
text: A few beats later, Robert follows, baby above his head.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR BRIDGE - MINUTES LATER
text: Bigger, Gideon and Atwood converge on Walter.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What happened? You said they were
dialog: heading right to us!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I lost ‘em.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You what?!
speaker_heading: WALTER
text: They disappeared in the fog. First they
dialog: was there, then they was gone.
text: Gideon slams his shotgun into Walter’s face, knocking him to
text: the ground. Gideon cocks the gun at Walter’s head.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I’ve had about enough of you, nigger.
text: Bigger shoves the gun as Gideon FIRES - The dirt explodes
text: next to Walter’s head.
text: Gideon spits at him and walks away. Bigger gives Walter a
dialog: kick for good measure.
scene_heading: EXT. TIDAL STREAM BANK - OTHER SIDE - NEAR DAWN
text: Harriet watches sternly as the freedom seekers come out on
text: the near bank, soaking wet and shivering, but unharmed.
text: Finally Robert strides out of the water.
text: The baby has slept through the ordeal. Robert hands her to
text: Phoebe and faces his sister, sheepishly.
text: Harriet glares at him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Minty...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
text: Harriet points to the baby.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Dis baby gurl, Araminta, you can call her
dialog: Minty. You call me Harriet from now on.
dialog: Dat’s my freedom name.
text: She faces the group, fierce.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m Harriet Tubman, leader of dis group.
dialog: We do what I say!
text: The others nod, chastened. Behind them, the stream seems,
text: once again, impassable.
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA ANTISLAVERY SOCIETY - DAY
text: William Still is absorbed in his writing when Harriet bursts
text: through the door, followed by the freedom seekers - all eight
dialog: of them, plus the baby.
text: William stands abruptly, looking at them in amazement.
text: Harriet looks back at him, quietly triumphant.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Are these...?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: My family and friends, freedom seeking
dialog: slaves. I went down south an brought ‘em
dialog: back. God showed me de way.
text: William is awed by her. He remembers his manners.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Please introduce me! Which one of these
dialog: fine men is your husband?
text: Harriet falls silent.
scene_heading: INT. ROOMING HOUSE - EVENING
text: Harriet’s brothers, Jane, Phoebe, her baby, Joe, Isaac, and
text: Miz Lucy sit at table laden with food, along with Jesse and
text: other rooming house guests, eating with obvious pleasure.
scene_heading: INT. ROOMING HOUSE - WASHROOM - EVENING
text: Harriet is in the tub. Marie sits on a stool behind her,
text: combing the knots from her freshly washed hair. Harriet
text: stares into shadows.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
text: His wife a free woman, big wit his chil’.
dialog: John din’ wan my babies. Couldn’t bear
dialog: de thought his chil’ren be born slaves.
dialog: Every time dey tried to grow, he’d go
dialog: cold an quite... and one by one dey died
dialog: in my womb.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: Harriet... you are so far beyond any man
dialog: I’ve ever met. What’s a man to a woman
dialog: touched by God?
text: Harriet goes still.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You making fun a me, Marie?
speaker_heading: MARIE THIBIDEAUX
dialog: Not whatsoever. But I do have questions.
dialog: You say God’s voice guides you. What’s
dialog: that like?
text: Harriet contemplates a beat.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Sometime it sting, like a smack in de
text: face. Other times it soft like a breeze,
dialog: gone before you sure you felt it. Like a
dialog: dream dat fly off soon as you woke. Seem
dialog: like I learn to see an hear God, like
dialog: some learn to read a book. I put all my
dialog: attention on it, and act, ‘thout
dialog: question, ‘fore I can wonder if I heard
dialog: it at all. ‘Fore I even understand what
dialog: it mean. I thought God meant me to go
dialog: git my husband. But John was just a way
dialog: to steer me where I was needed. Maybe
dialog: God don’t want me loved. That’s why he
dialog: made me strong, not pretty. Truth is, it
dialog: probably would’a never worked, runnin’
dialog: wit John. Men need to believe dey de
dialog: boss.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANAN
dialog: Umhmm. Even the best ones think they’re
dialog: smarter than they are. And better in
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 64.
text: Marie laughs. A brief smile tugs at Harriet’s lip.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Where’s Mr. Still taking you?
text: Harriet shoots her a sharp look.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: I know, he’s married, but that’s a fine-
dialog: looking man!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I din’ notice.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He say he taking me to some kinda
dialog: meeting. Say he got folks he wanna
dialog: ‘quaint me wit.
text: Maria’s interest is piqued.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Harriet, once again well-groomed and looking smart, walks
text: down a dark alley off the main street with William Still.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: There I was, wit a suit, but no husband.
dialog: I felt a fool.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: He’s the fool.
text: For a second their eyes meet.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: God have other plans for me, Mr. Still.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: I’m starting to believe that. That’s why
dialog: I’m bringing you here.
text: They come to what appears to be an abandoned warehouse door,
text: guarded by a man, wearing a pistol.
text: Harriet looks at William, eyes questioning. Still nods to
dialog: the guard.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: Good evening, Martin.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Evening, Mr. Still.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 65.
text: The guard opens the door. William leads Harriet into the
text: darkened warehouse, past dusty kegs of wine.
scene_heading: INT. WINE CELLAR/MEETING ROOMS - CONTINUOUS
text: William leads Harriet down a narrow stair and into a series
text: of rooms, well lit, with many candles fixtures on the walls
dialog: and tables.
text: Inside is a bigger interracial crowd than Harriet’s ever
text: seen. It’s mostly black men, but there are whites as well,
text: some women too, conversing and socializing, as if it were
dialog: normal.
text: Several anterooms lead off from the main room, stacked floor
text: to ceiling with wine bottles. On one long wall hangs a huge
dialog: map of the United States, showing free and slave states and
dialog: the territory open to slavery or freedom by the repeal of the
dialog: Missouri Compromise.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Who are these people?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: This is the Committee. The organizers
dialog: and officers of the Underground Railroad,
dialog: dedicated to helping slaves escape
text: bondage. No one sees this. Only the
dialog: initiated.
text: Near the map is a blackboard, which reads: “CONDUCTOR --
scene_heading: PASSENGERS -- LOST”.
text: Underneath are the names of the conductors written in chalk
text: and the numbers. All the conductors have lost some
text: passengers. Still writes her name on the board and puts down
text: “9” and “0" lost. William quiets the crowd.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, may I present, a
dialog: most extraordinary woman, Mrs Harriet
dialog: Tubman. Harriet escaped from slavery
dialog: herself just a year ago, and she’s
text: already gone back to liberate others.
dialog: She's brought back nine souls, and lost
dialog: none. In recognition of her bravery and
dialog: skill, I welcome her to the committee as
text: a “conductor” on the railroad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 66.
text: Some applause and murmurs of approval from the Committee.
text: The men size her up. It’s a tough room. Harriet tries to
dialog: process this.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: (low; to Harriet)
dialog: They don’t necessarily like new members.
dialog: You'll have to win them over. They’11
dialog: learn to trust you after a few missions.
text: She eyes the men warily.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Question is, will I trust dem? What’s a
dialog: conductor?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
text: A conductor accompanies passengers, or
dialog: “cargo” to safe houses, or “stations” run
dialog: by “stationmasters”, like my friend
dialog: Sydney Howard Gay, one of the main agents
dialog: of the UGRR. Sydney, meet Harriet.
text: SYDNEY HOWARD GAY, a white man in his 50s, shakes her hand.
scene_heading: SYDNEY HOWARD GAY
dialog: Good to have you aboard.
text: An intense looking black man in his thirties with a wild mane
text: of hair approaches.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Harriet, this is Fred Douglass, also from
dialog: the Eastern Shore of Maryland.
scene_heading: FREDERICK DOUGLASS
dialog: Welcome, Harriet, and congratulations.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Thank you, suh.
scene_heading: FREDERICK DOUGLASS
dialog: Call me Fred. After all, we’re both
text: fugitives from the eastern shore.
text: William brings her toward two bonneted Quaker women.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: May I present Mrs Lucretia Mott and her
dialog: sister, Martha Coffin Wright.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 67.
text: Martha gives her a conspiratorial smile.
scene_heading: MARTHA COFFIN WRIGHT
dialog: It’s a pleasure to welcome a woman to the
dialog: committee.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: And I believe you've met Thomas Garrett,
dialog: chief station agent in Delaware. He will
dialog: be your main contact.
text: Garrett grabs her hand, warmly.
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: Friend, it’s good to see thee, and to
dialog: know we’1ll be working together.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Good to see you, Thomas.
text: Still escorts her to a group of black men.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: And these men are our chief conductors:
text: Lewis Napoleon, who works closely with
dialog: Sydney Gay; Moses Pinkett of Wilmington
dialog: and George Wilmer, who is technically
text: still enslaved in Kent County.
text: The men nod coolly. Harriet is fixated on George Wilmer.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You still a slave, when you could be
dialog: free?
speaker_heading: GEORGE WILMER
dialog: I find it easier to help the cause from
dialog: the plantation. Massa trusts me; lets me
dialog: come an go as I please. Calls me a
dialog: “noble nigger.”
text: He gives her a wicked smile.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: George Wilmer is an “abductor.”
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Abductor?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Someone who steals slaves directly from
text: the plantation, under the overseer's
dialog: nose. They have the most dangerous
dialog: jobs...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 68.
text: A big, powerful black man approaches, full of self-
dialog: importance.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: (low)
dialog: And the biggest heads.
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Harriet, meet John Clay.
text: Clay towers over Harriet, extending his hand.
speaker_heading: JOHN CLAY
dialog: John Clay. 9 - not bad for your first
dialog: time. I abducted 18 on my first run.
dialog: Only lost two.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Who were de two?
speaker_heading: JOHN CLAY
dialog: Pardon me?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Two you lost, who were dey?
speaker_heading: JOHN CLAY
dialog: An old woman and a child. I don’t know
dialog: their names.
text: Harriet ponders this.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Shame. I hope never to lose one. But if
dialog: I do, I'll remember they name.
text: Clay, offended, stalks off. William looks at her with
dialog: respect.
scene_heading: INT. WINE CELLAR/MEETING ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: William Still, Garrett, Sydney Howard Gay and the conductors
text: go over a map of the South and the slave states, showing
dialog: slave density by county.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: 4 million enslaved black southerners who
dialog: need to be liberated, but all we can do
text: at the moment is help a few at a time,
text: while fighting the bigger battle to end
dialog: slavery.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I need to get back to Bucktown to get my
dialog: sister. We left her lone...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: There are sympathetic captains and black
dialog: jacks who will take you down the
dialog: Chesapeake into Maryland, but it’s far
dialog: too dangerous for you to go back to
dialog: Bucktown. We’ll make every attempt to
dialog: rescue your sister, but you must think
dialog: beyond your family. You’re a conductor
dialog: now, with duties and responsibilities to
dialog: the Underground Railroad.
scene_heading: FREDERICK DOUGLASS
dialog: Which is in danger of becoming the
dialog: upperground railroad, if some of our well-
dialog: meaning and noble friends continue
text: brazenly touting their accomplishments.
text: Garrett takes offense.
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: I’1l make no secret of my mission to aid
dialog: runaways! Why should I? It’s God’s work
dialog: we're doing.
scene_heading: FREDERICK DOUGLASS
dialog: While I applaud your noble daring and
dialog: willingness to subject yourself to bodily
dialog: harm by openly avowing your participation
dialog: in the escape of slaves, I can see very
dialog: little good resulting from it, either for
dialog: you or for the escaping slaves!
text: As the group devolves into friendly bickering, Harriet turns
text: back to the map, trying to make sense of it. She whispers to
dialog: Martha.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Show me Maryland.
text: She points to it on the map.
scene_heading: MARTHA COFFIN WRIGHT
dialog: It’s this strip right here.
text: She points to Philadelphia.
speaker_heading: MARTHA COFFIN WRIGHT (CONT’D)
dialog: And here we are, in Philadelphia.
text: Harriet traces the short distance with her finger, marveling.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
text: It look so close.
text: Behind her the bickering continues...
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: How can we influence hearts and minds if
dialog: we're too timid to say what we’re doing?
scene_heading: FREDERICK DOUGLASS
dialog: There's a difference between timid and
dialog: discreet, Thomas!
text: Harriet places her fingers over Maryland, making a silent
text: vow. William watches her.
scene_heading: EXT. JASPER’S BOAT - DAY - MONTAGE SEQUENCE -
text: A black crew of boat workers on deck, amongst them...
text: Harriet, dressed as a black jack, scrubbing the deck. The
text: seaman in charge surveys her work...
text: It's Jasper, Harriet’s friend. He gives her a wink.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANTATION - MARYLAND - LATE AFTERNOON - MONTAGE
text: Slaves work the fields. We hear HARRIET’S VOICE in the
dialog: distance...
speaker_heading: HARRIET (0.S.)
dialog: Go down, Moses, way down in Egypt land
dialog: Tell all the Pharaohs to...
text: Slaves in the fields join in, exchanging furtive looks.
speaker_heading: SLAVES (0.8)
dialog: Let my people go!
text: A few slaves dart off towards the wood.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT - MONTAGE
text: A group of ESCAPED SLAVES run through the trees following the
text: sound of Harriet’s voice.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (0.S.)
dialog: When Israel was in Egypt land
dialog: Let my people go!
dialog: Oppressed so hard they could not stand...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: SLAVES
dialog: Let my people go!
text: Suddenly she appears before them, confident and in charge.
text: She empties a satchel full of shoes. The slaves dive at
text: them. SINGING continues as...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAWN - MONTAGE
text: Harriet leads the fugitives running through the woods.
speaker_heading: HARRIET & SLAVES (OVER)
dialog: So the God said: go down, Moses,
dialog: Way down in Egypt land
dialog: Tell all pharaohs to
dialog: Let my people go!
text: DOGS bark behind them as...
text: PATROLS drive the freedom seekers towards a clearing.
text: The fugitives are breathless and exhausted. They seem to be
text: cornered, the slave-catchers converging on them...
scene_heading: EXT. FARMLAND - DAWN - MONTAGE
text: Moments later, the freedom seekers have vanished. The posses
text: circle each other, dumbstruck.
scene_heading: INT. FARM HOUSE - MONTAGE
text: The FARMER, unhurriedly closing up a salting pantry.
scene_heading: DARK TIGHT SPACE - The FREEDOM SEEKERS squeezed like
text: sardines. REVEAL...
scene_heading: EXT. JASPER'S BOAT - DAY - MONTAGE
text: Harriet, dressed as a black jack, on deck with Jasper. He
text: opens a cargo hold... Their human “cargo” emerges from below.
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA ANTISLAVERY SOCIETY - MONTAGE
text: Harriet comes in with her passengers. William Still tries to
text: contain his relief. He and Harriet exchange a look filled
text: with unspoken words.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA ANTISLAVERY SOCIETY - MONTAGE
text: Harriet sits in a chair looking fierce and forbidding, as a
text: PHOTOGRAPHER takes her photograph. William stands by,
dialog: watching her...
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA ANTISLAVERY SOCIETY - MONTAGE
text: THE PHOTOGRAPH of Harriet, framed. William looks at it, lost
text: in thought. His beautiful, FAIR-SKINNED WIFE watches him.
text: She puts a basket of food in front of him. He tears his eyes
text: from the photograph and embraces her.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MONTAGE
text: WANTED SIGNS for a “MOSES” go up everywhere, described as
text: “likely a white male in blackface.” Free blacks take them
dialog: down.
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA ANTISLAVERY SOCIETY - MONTAGE
text: JUMP CUTS - FUGITIVE after FUGITIVE makes testimonials in
text: William Still’s office.
speaker_heading: HANY
dialog: Massa’s wife branded me wit a hot iron...
text: She shows him a scar on her chest.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: .-+-called me nigger like it was my name.
dialog: Day I reminded him my name is Mack, he
dialog: beat me senseless...
speaker_heading: ABRAHAM
dialog: If I tol’ her I was leaving, she woulda
dialog: carried on so everybody know’d it... I
dialog: couldn’t say goodbye...
text: He dissolves into tears. William puts a hand on his arm.
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA ANTISLAVERY SOCIETY - ANOTHER DAY -
text: Harriet comes in with another group of passengers. William
text: is flooded with relief. Before he knows what he’s doing,
text: he’s taken her in his arms. They quickly pull apart. The
text: fugitives look on, knowingly. END MONTAGE
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA ANTISLAVERY SOCIETY - NIGHT
text: Harriet and William are alone, in mid-argument.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: My sister’s in danger! You tol’ me you’d
dialog: rescue her!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: I said I'd try, and we have! She works
dialog: in the Brodess house. She’s been
dialog: impossible to reach.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I can reach her!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: I’ve told you, it’s too dangerous to go
dialog: back there. I forbid it!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You forbid it? Do you know who I am?
text: William sighs, with exasperated affection.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Harriet, these are dangerous times.
dialog: Everyone is looking for you!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: They looking for Moses!
scene_heading: EXT. BALTIMORE MEETING HALL - AFTERNOON
text: A large crowd of slaveholders, and lawmen are gathered on the
text: steep steps. Tempers run high as the planters demand action.
text: A mutton-chopped slave owner, GUS VERN, is speaking.
speaker_heading: GUS VERN
dialog: What’s going to be done about Moses?!
dialog: This fiend is threatening our very
dialog: existence!
speaker_heading: SLAVE OWNER
dialog: They say he’s black as the night!
speaker_heading: GUS VERN
dialog: If he was a black, we would’a caught ‘im.
dialog: He’s one of those white abolitionists in
dialog: blackface!
text: Reveal Gideon, amongst the crowd.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: SLAVE OWNER
dialog: I don’t really care what he looks like.
dialog: My family has personally lost thousands
dialog: of dollars worth of labor. Moses must be
dialog: stopped now!
scene_heading: INT. BALTIMORE MEETING HALL - DAY
text: Men in dark pants and expensive shoes, marching towards the
dialog: door...
scene_heading: EXT. BALTIMORE MEETING HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: A group of POLITICIANS in black coats and hats exit the
text: doors, and stand at the pillared entry. Everyone quiets in
dialog: anticipation as...
text: A LOCAL STATESMAN comes to the top of the stairs, waving a
text: telegraph in one hand.
speaker_heading: LOCAL STATESMAN
dialog: I have the results of the vote in
dialog: congress, that you’ve been waiting for.
dialog: The Fugitive Slave Act has just been
dialog: voted into law!! From now on, nowhere in
dialog: these United States will a slave find
dialog: safe harbor! You are free to pursue your
dialog: property, with the aid and protection of
dialog: the law, wherever they may be!
text: Ecstatic CHEERING drowns out the Local Statesman.
text: Slaveholders throw hats in the air and smack each others’
text: backs. Now we see Gideon, standing amongst them. As the
text: crowd begins to disperse...
text: Gideon sees Bigger Long standing in an alley. Bigger jerks
text: his chin to Gideon. Gideon pushes through the crowd and
text: approaches.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY NEAR BALTIMORE MEETING HALL - AFTERNOON
text: Gideon joins Bigger.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Do you have news?
speaker_heading: BIGGER LONG
dialog: A slave out at Vern’s farm heard a rumor
dialog: that the gal that led your slaves off -
dialog: one you lookin’ so hard for - is the
dialog: slave they call Moses.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: (he laughs)
dialog: Moses ain’t a nigger and he certainly
dialog: ain’t no woman. He’s an abolitionist in
text: blackface.
speaker_heading: BIGGER LONG
dialog: Or maybe she’s a little black thing, bout
dialog: so high, named Harriet Tubman.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I don’t know no nigger named Harriet
dialog: Tubman.
speaker_heading: BIGGER LONG
dialog: What about Araminta Ross?
text: Gideon goes still. He stunned.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Impossible. There’s no conceivable...
text: He falls into thought. Bigger watches him process.
speaker_heading: BIGGER LONG
dialog: My price just went up.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Only if you find her.
speaker_heading: BIGGER LONG
dialog: Hear she’s hiding out in Philadelphia.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - DUSK
text: ON HARRIET, at the edge of the property, face infused with
text: emotion as she looks at her old home.
text: Lanterns illuminate the windows of the big house in the
text: distance. Stealthily, she makes her way toward it.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS HOUSE - EVENING
text: We can see Rachel and Eliza moving about inside.
text: Harriet hides in the bushes and watches as Rachel comes
text: downstairs with a tray. She looks beaten and frail.
text: Harriet takes in her sister’s fragile appearance with pain.
text: She throws a pebble at the kitchen window.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 76.
text: Rachel looks out. Harriet steps from the shadows. Rachel’s
text: eyes go wide. She backs away....
text: A few moments later, Rachel quietly opens the front door and
text: slips out.
text: Harriet pulls her to the side of the house. They speak in
text: whispers. Rachel is terrified.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Minty, why you here?
text: Harriet touches her sister’s face, angry tears welling.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Come wit me.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Minty... Massa Gideon an Miz Eliza been
dialog: full a the devil since you an de boys run
dialog: off. Dey took my babies; won’t tell me
dialog: where dey be. Dey know I won’t go
dialog: nowhere t’out my chil’ren.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: We'll find ‘em, Rachel, I promise. My
dialog: network will find ‘em an bring ‘em up
dialog: north. But you got to come wit me now.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I cain’t. I won't.
text: From inside, we hear Eliza’s voice.
speaker_heading: ELIZA (0.S.)
dialog: Rachel!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I ain’t leavin’ you.
text: Harriet pulls out the Colt. Rachel looks at it, defiant.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I ain’t leavin’ my babies. You try an
dialog: force me, I’ll scream.
speaker_heading: ELIZA (0.S.)
dialog: Rachel!! Where are you? Get up here!
text: Rachel backs away from her.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Wait... What about Mary, Robert's wife?
dialog: She still here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
text: She found another man, Minty. He a slave
text: at Luther Grant’s farm. She stay wit him
dialog: nights.
text: Minty is shaken by this. Rachel looks at her with wounded
dialog: scorn.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t you judge her, Minty. Don’t you
dialog: dare judge us! We do what we have to do,
dialog: to stay sane. Cain’t everybody run.
text: Rachel turns and slips back into the house.
text: Harriet stands there a moment, devastated, then she ducks
text: into the shadows.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Harriet is on her knees, praying.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Lord, I need you watch over my sister and
dialog: her chil’ren till I can bring ‘em to
dialog: freedom. Protect her, Lord. Don’t let
dialog: ‘em hurt her worse.
text: She rocks back and forth, in a religious trance.
text: Gradually she becomes aware that someone is watching her.
text: She looks up to find...
text: WALTER, not far away. He’s still got a scar over his eye,
text: where Gideon hit him with the gun.
text: Harriet stands, gun raised. The two size each other up.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You the one they call Moses.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You askin’ me, or tellin’ me?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I want to offer my services.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: What services those be?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I can do most any job, A to Z. Know the
dialog: woods an rivers round here and most the
dialog: folks in ‘em. Name’s Walter.
text: Harriet’s eyes are unfocused, trying to see him with her “top
dialog: eye.”
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Why should I trust you, Walter?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Most folks definitely should not. I'11
dialog: explain why you should...
text: We hear MEN’S VOICES, dogs.
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: But right now, we gotta go.
text: Walter whistles. We hear a whinny in the distance. A few
text: moments later, the black horse comes running. Walter gets on
text: and pulls Harriet up. They gallop off.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Walter and Harriet gallop through the trees. We see the
text: flicker of lanterns, as patrols comb the woods. A vigilante
text: FOOT PATROL is directly ahead--
text: Walter rides right through them, sending them diving out of
text: the way. Harriet sticks out a foot and kicks another as they
text: pass. Dogs run after the horse, barking.
speaker_heading: FOOT PATROL
dialog: STOP THEM! THIEVES!
text: He aims a shotgun and FIRES. Gunshot rips into the trees
text: around them. Harriet turns and FIRES back. They gallop on,
text: escaping into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - NIGHT
text: Harriet gets off the horse near the bank of a river. She
text: gives a throaty owl hoot.
text: A RIVER MAN comes out of hiding and pushes his raft from the
text: reeds. Five FUGITIVES come out of hiding behind him.
text: Harriet turns to Walter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: So... why should I trust you?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I just saved your life, not for the first
dialog: time. I’d like to go on saving it.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: What you want in return?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Usually I work for wages, but I figure,
dialog: since you talk to God - and seem like he
dialog: talk back - maybe you could introduce us.
dialog: I got some explaining to do.
text: Harriet grins. She looks up.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: God, meet Walter.
dialog: (then; sincerely)
dialog: Walter, go wit God.
text: She jumps on the raft with the others.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA - JASPER’S DOCK - DAY
text: Jasper docks his vessel. Harriet, disguised as a black jack,
text: jumps from the deck. Several blacks crowd the dock, carrying
dialog: their belongings.
text: A MAN calls up to Jasper.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: This boat goin’ north?
speaker_heading: JASPER
text: Goin’ back to Baltimore.
text: Disappointed, the man starts away. Harriet stops him.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Wait! What’s got everybody so riled up?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: They passed the Fugitive Slave Act! Save
dialog: yourself!
text: Harriet and Jasper exchange a look of alarm.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: We have to head north now!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Not without my brothers!
text: Jasper grabs her arm.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Harriet!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Wait for me! I'’11 be back!
text: She pulls away from him and pushes through the crowd.
text: begins pulling people onto his boat.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA - STREETS
text: Harriet hurries through streets, which are a mass of
text: confusion. Black families rush past with all their
text: possessions in carts.
dialog: 80.
dialog: Jasper
text: In the center of town William Still stands on a makeshift
text: platform, with a group of abolitionists.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Fugitives, beware! There are slave
dialog: hunters in our midst! Congress has
dialog: passed the Fugitive Slave Act, allowing
dialog: slave-hunters to pursue slaves in any
dialog: state in the Union, and obliging law
dialog: enforcement to turn over fugitives!
dialog: Prepare to fight or flee north to Canada!
text: William spots her and jumps from the platform, fighting his
text: way to her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: Harriet! Thank God you’re safe! I sent
dialog: five men looking for you! You have to go
dialog: north to Canada immediately. I put your
text: family on the last train with Douglass.
dialog: He’1ll get them to the border.
text: Harriet is weak with relief.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Thank you!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: You must leave now. I’11l arrange a
dialog: carriage.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I‘ll stay and fight. Long as my family
dialog: safe.
text: Still takes her shoulders.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Harriet, your life is in danger. Brodess
dialog: will come looking for you here. For the
dialog: sake of the network, you must go!
text: Shaken, Harriet nods.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I'll be at the dock in 15 minutes. I
dialog: have to say goodbye to Marie.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Hurry.
text: William moves back to the platform. Harriet watches,
text: stunned, as a small MOB OF VIGILANTES storm the crowd,
text: clashing with the abolitionists. It quickly becomes violent.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOMING HOUSE - DAY
text: Some THUGS have stationed themselves in front. Harriet ducks
dialog: around back...
scene_heading: INT. ROOMING HOUSE - DAY
text: Harriet slides in a back door. We hear sounds of a violent
text: scuffle, coming from upstairs.
text: Harriet pulls her gun and creeps up the stairs...
scene_heading: INT. ROOMING HOUSE - UPSTAIRS
text: MARIE, face bruised and bleeding, being held down by the huge
dialog: figure of Bigger Long.
text: Gideon steps into view.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Just tell us where Harriet Tubman is.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: She's gone! You missed her. Heard she
dialog: went south. But you won’t catch her.
dialog: She’s too smart! God has plans for her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: What plans are those?
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: Wouldn’t you like to know, cracker?!
text: Bigger slaps her hard, snapping her head. She catches a
dialog: glimpse of...
text: Harriet, hiding around the corner, gun aimed at Bigger.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D)
dialog: But she has to live long enough to do
dialog: God's will. She knows that; she’s smart.
text: Gideon glares at her. He shoots a look to Bigger.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: She’s not here. Let’s go.
text: Gideon exits and runs downstairs. Marie glares at Bigger.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: What you waiting for, traitor? Massa
dialog: hollared, better jump.
text: Bigger kicks Marie in the head - a deadly blow! As he
text: thunders down the stairs...
text: Harriet takes aim and starts after him.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t make me a liar...
text: Harriet drops the gun down and goes to Marie. She strokes
text: her face. Marie looks at her with one good eye.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON (CONT’D)
dialog: God’s got plans for you. Lead ‘em...
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I won’t leave you.
text: With her last strength, Marie pushes her away.
speaker_heading: MARIE BUCHANON
dialog: Go!
text: Marie falls back, dead. Grief-stricken, Harriet tears
text: herself away from her friend and rushes out.
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: EXT. JASPER’S DOCK - DAY
text: Terrified black families crowd the dock, some with everything
text: they own, others with nothing - uprooting their lives to move
dialog: to Canada.
text: All the boats are full of passengers. William Still looks
text: anxiously for Harriet as Jasper tries to block more frantic
text: people from coming onboard.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: No More! We’re full up!
text: A old man with a long white beard and striking eyes, JOHN
text: BROWN, stands on a rise, preaching fire and fury.
speaker_heading: JOHN BROWN
text: DO NOT RUN! STAY AND FIGHT! IN THE NAME
dialog: OF GOD, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO BE FREE!
text: Several ARMED MEN guard him, while his SONS and supporters
text: hand out pamphlets to the crowd. His piercing eyes meet
dialog: Harriet’s.
speaker_heading: JOHN BROWN (CONT'D)
text: STAY AND FIGHT! GOD IS ON YOUR SIDE!
text: For a moment Harriet is mesmerized, wanting to stay and
text: avenge Marie’s death. She doesn’t see...
text: Gideon and Bigger pushing through the crowd, elbowing their
dialog: way to her--
text: William sees them and calls to her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
speaker_heading: HARRIET!
text: Harriet turns and locks eyes with Gideon. He pulls out a
text: gun... One of Brown’s men slams into Gideon, smacking the gun
text: in the air. It FIRES! CHAOS -- people duck and run.
text: John Brown's men face off against Gideon and his crew,
text: shotguns raised.
text: William reaches Harriet and pushes her to the boat.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: Get on the boat! Now!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Marie... Those bastards killed her!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 84.
text: Jasper pulls Harriet aboard, shouting to his FIRST MATE to
text: set sail. As the boat pulls away, Harriet takes in the
text: scene... The desperate faces of those left behind, John
text: Brown's fury... William’s stricken face... Her eyes meet
text: Gideon's... Gideon tips his hat. It’s not over.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT - DAY
text: Jasper puts an arm around Harriet.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: It’s alright. You safe now.
text: Harriet’s eyes swim with tears. A pamphlet is clenched in
text: her hand. It reads: JOHN BROWN, ABOLITIONIST. JOIN THE FIGHT
speaker_heading: FOR FREEDOM!
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT - RIVER - DAY
text: As the sails catch wind and the boat speeds on...
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ST. CATHERINE’S - CANADA - DAY - 1851
text: A small rural enclave of displaced blacks and runaway slaves.
scene_heading: INT. ROSS COTTAGE - ST. CATHERINE’S - DAY
text: In the small, well-kept kitchen, 8 PIES cool on a counter.
text: Harriet takes a pot from the stove and pours hot fruit into a
dialog: crust...
text: Suddenly she’s seized by a formidable sense of dread. She
text: collapses to the floor. The hot berry mixture splashes,
text: staining the floor like blood.
text: As Harriet lies on the floor, a scene of tragedy playing
text: itself out before her eyes, we hear REVEREND GREEN’S VOICE...
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (OVER)
dialog: Dear Harriet and family, it breaks my
dialog: heart to write you with such sad news,
dialog: but I am obliged to keep you informed
dialog: about your family still in bondage.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. ROSS COTTAGE - LATER
text: Harriet sobs in Robert’s arms, with Henry, Jane and Junyah
text: nearby. Jane strokes her head as Reverend Green’s voice
dialog: continues...
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (OVER)
dialog: Your sister, Rachel, has gone to meet
dialog: that good friend of the slave, the angel
dialog: of death. I am content that she has
dialog: found peace at last. I pray for her
dialog: children.
scene_heading: INT. CARRIAGE - DAY
text: ON HARRIET, awash in grief, eyes turned inward.
speaker_heading: REVEREND GREEN (OVER)
dialog: Yours with affection and sorrow, Reverend
dialog: Samuel Green.
scene_heading: EXT. SEWARD ESTATE - AUBURN NY - 1851
text: Carriages arrive at the secluded estate in the rural and
text: remote upstate town.
text: ARMED GUARDS greet the guests, both black and white. We
dialog: recognize members of the Underground Railroad.
text: Harriet is helped from a carriage by a guard. She’s dressed
text: in all black, wearing her grief like a gilded mantle. It’s
dialog: become her superpower.
text: William Still rushes to meet her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Harriet!
text: He embraces her deeply, holding her tight.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m so terribly sorry about your sister.
text: The look in her eyes chills his bones.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I failed them, William. We failed them.
text: A silver-haired white man in his 50’s, SENATOR SEWARD,
text: hurries over to be introduced.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Harriet, this is Senator William Seward.
speaker_heading: SENATOR SEWARD
dialog: Miz Tubman, it’s an honor to welcome you
dialog: to my home.
dialog: (taking her in)
dialog: My condolences. How can I help?
text: Harriet allows herself to be led inside.
scene_heading: INT. SEWARD ESTATE - MAIN HOUSE - DAY
text: The main floor is crowded with Committee members, including
dialog: Douglass, Garrett, Sydney Howard Gay, Lewis Napoleon and John
text: Clay, plus many abolitionists. Douglass greets her warmly.
scene_heading: INT. SEWARD ESTATE - MAIN HOUSE - LATER
text: The Committee stands around a map of the United States and
dialog: Canada.
scene_heading: SYDNEY HOWARD GAY
text: 500 miles from the Mason-Dixon line to
text: Canada - an unimaginable distance.
speaker_heading: JOHN CLAY
text: Slave catchers are monitoring all the
dialog: northbound travel. God help the man
dialog: without free papers. I’ve read of
text: freedmen being pulled from trains as far
dialog: north as New Bedford and Boston.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: How are we going to get our passengers
dialog: from the southern farms and plantations
dialog: all the way to the Canadian border?
text: The room falls into depressed silence.
scene_heading: FREDERICK DOUGLASS
dialog: We can’t keep trying to outrun them.
dialog: John Brown is right. We have to fight.
dialog: The only way to make the Fugitive Slave
dialog: Law a dead letter is to make half a dozen
dialog: or more dead slave catchers! That will
dialog: cool their ardor!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Perhaps civil war is our only hope.
text: Harriet looks at them, incredulous.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: She walks
dialog: She looks
dialog: She looks
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: We cain’t just give up and wait for war.
dialog: We gotta get back to work, bringing
text: slaves to freedom. By train, carriage,
dialog: horseback - by foot if necessary!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Harriet, it’s 600 miles from Maryland to
dialog: the Canadian border. Your longest trip
dialog: so far has been 100 miles. It would take
dialog: months, not weeks. You can’t--
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I ain’t givin’ up rescuing slaves because
dialog: it’s far!
text: around the room, looking people in the eye.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Many a you don’t know slavery first hand.
dialog: You were born free, or maybe you been
dialog: free so long, you forget what it’s like.
dialog: at Douglass.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: You got comfortable and important...
dialog: at William.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: «+.-You got beautiful homes, and beautiful
dialog: wives....
dialog: (she looks around the
dialog: room)
dialog: But I remember - chil’ren beat for not
dialog: workin’, when dey too young to understand
dialog: what work is. Girls raped before dey
dialog: first blood. Brothers whipped, til dey
dialog: back in ribbons... Sisters sold way from
dialog: dey babies. Tryin’ not to think a what
dialog: dey went through... What those still
dialog: enslaved are goin’ through right now! I
text: have heard their groans and sighs, and
dialog: seen their tears, and I would give every
dialog: drop of blood in my veins to free ‘em!
text: Harriet is on fire, enraged.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: So I ain’t givin’ up! I’ma do whatever I
dialog: got to, go wherever I got to, however I
dialog: got to do it - to rescue as many slaves
dialog: as possible, til dis beast, dis monster
dialog: call slavery is slain dead!
text: The crowd is shocked into silence. A beat... then they break
text: into applause.
speaker_heading: JOHN CLAY
dialog: If she can do it, I certainly can. My
dialog: passengers await me!
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: As do mine.
speaker_heading: LEWIS NAPOLEON
dialog: Mine too!
scene_heading: SYDNEY HOWARD GAY
dialog: We'll have to establish a network through
dialog: the northern states all the way to the
dialog: border. It will take time. But it can
dialog: be done.
text: Applause and shouts of renewed determination from the crowd.
text: Harriet’s eyes meet William’s.
scene_heading: EXT. UPSTATE NEW YORK - 1853 - DAY
text: Harriet leads a group of exhausted passengers through rough
text: and rocky terrain. It’s gorgeous, but miserable.
text: A YOUNG WOMAN stumbles. Harriet pulls her to her feet.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: C'mon, we almost there.
text: WIDE ANGLE - As Harriet leads the group across a rocky ledge.
scene_heading: EXT. SEWARD ESTATE - DAY
text: William Still gallops on horseback, fueled with
dialog: urgency.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. SEWARD ESTATE - MAIN HOUSE
dialog: A meeting of the Committee is in progress. It’s just the
text: core group, mostly black, plus Senator Seward and a few
text: hardcore abolitionists. William bursts in.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Where’s Harriet?!
speaker_heading: THOMAS GARRETT
dialog: Good God, friend! What is it?
text: Harriet walks into the room. William's relief is palpable.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: John Clay has been captured in Maryland!
text: Everyone reacts, their worst nightmare come true.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL (CONT’D)
dialog: Harriet, they know your identity. Who
dialog: knows what else he gave up. We must
dialog: assume everything. We have to go dark
dialog: while we assess the damage.
text: ON HARRIET pondering this.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Poor John...
text: William continues talking, but his voice is lost under the
text: eerie sound of insects...
text: Harriet falls slowly, almost gracefully to the floor. The
text: others surround her as she twitches and spasms.
scene_heading: EXT. SEWARD ESTATE - GUEST HOUSE - LATER - NIGHT
text: A more modest house on the property. Lanterns illuminate the
dialog: windows.
scene_heading: INT. SEWARD ESTATE - GUEST HOUSE - NIGHT
text: William Still and Harriet are mid-argument.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: When were you going to tell us?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I thought you knew.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: That my star conductor has seizures? I
dialog: did not! Good God! It’s a miracle
dialog: you're still alive.
dialog: (beat)
text: Well, it’s over. With Clay captured...
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: ...you need me more than ever.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Harriet, every slave-catcher in Maryland
dialog: is looking for you. If they catch you,
dialog: whatever they did to Clay, they’1l do
dialog: worse to you. You can’t...
dialog: (catches himself.)
dialog: Senator Seward has offered you this home
dialog: on his property, for you and your family.
dialog: You'll be protected here. You can be a
dialog: stationmaster.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I’m a conductor.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: I won’t have you captured and killed.
dialog: I’m removing you from the network.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I got my own network. I’11 team up with
dialog: John Brown. He's...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Mad?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Fearless.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: I can’t lose you.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You tol’ your wife that?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Don’t be cruel.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You de cruel one.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: If I had met you first...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I’m not your type.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: How could you be? I never dreamt God
dialog: made such creatures.
text: Harriet is moved. They stand close to each other, the air
text: electric between them, dwelling for a moment in intoxicating
dialog: possibility... before reality sobers them.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You should...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM STILL
dialog: Yes, I suppose I should. Please be safe.
dialog: The movement needs you, Harriet.
dialog: Goodnight.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Goodnight, William.
text: William goes to the door. Harriet goes upstairs.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. GUEST HOUSE - BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Harriet watches from the window as William lingers outside
text: the front door. He looks up at her window, meeting her eyes
text: for a long beat, then he turns and strides off into the
dialog: night.
text: Tears pool in Harriet’s eyes. We see William’s daguerreotype
text: on the desk, next to the carved figurine of her father.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Harriet is asleep in bed. We float down on her...
text: Suddenly, Harriet’s eyes open. INTERCUT...
scene_heading: INT. BEN'S CABIN - THOMPSON'S MILL - HARRIET'S VISION -
text: The WOODEN FIGURES on her father's shelves are lit by
text: torchlight, coming from outside... The shadowy figures of MEN
text: outside the windows...
text: HARRIET’S EYES are wide with fear--
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - BEDROOM - NEAR DAWN
text: Harriet is up, dressing quietly, tucking the revolver at her
dialog: waist.
text: She grabs the figurine of her father.
scene_heading: INT. REV. GREEN'S CHURCH - DORCHESTER COUNTY - DAY
text: Rev Green is giving a sermon to a small gathering of local
dialog: blacks.
text: Walter enters the church and slides into a pew next to an OLD
text: WOMAN in a bonnet... It’s Harriet. He whispers.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Your daddy bout to be arrested for
text: harboring a group of fugitives heading to
dialog: Dover. One of ‘em got caught and
text: confessed. They on their way to arrest
dialog: your daddy now!
text: Harriet and Walter slip out of the church. Rev Green watches
text: them leave, making the sign of the cross.
scene_heading: EXT. REV. GREEN'S CHURCH - DAY
text: Harriet and Walter come out.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You build what I asked for?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Close as I could.
text: He gestures to his horse, rigged with something like a sled
text: tipped at an angle with a board for a seat.
scene_heading: EXT. BEN’S CABIN - THOMPSON'S MILL - AFTERNOON
text: Harriet approaches. On a rocking chair outside we can see
text: Rit, kneading her hands as she rocks.
dialog: CLOSER - Too much grief, abuse and worry have taken their
text: toll. She seems an old woman, frail of body and mind.
text: Suddenly the chair is grabbed from behind, a hand slapped
text: over her mouth. Rit’s eyes go wide in terror.
text: Behind her, Harriet whispers...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Mama, it’s Minty. Don’t scream. I come
dialog: to git you. We gon’ git daddy too. I’ma
dialog: let go, but you cain’t scream, alright?
text: Rit nods, tears of hope in her eyes. Harriet lets go and
text: turns Rit to face her. Rit screams, falling to her knees.
speaker_heading: RIT
dialog: Oh, sweet Jesus, take me!! I’m ready to
dialog: go. Take me home! I wanna see my
dialog: daughters! I wanna see my babies!
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Mama, I’m no angel come to take you to
dialog: heaven. It’s Minty, come to take you
dialog: North.
text: Harriet takes off the bonnet from head and pulls her mother
text: to her feet. Rit studies her daughter’s face, spellbound.
speaker_heading: RIT
dialog: You ain’t my Minty. My Minty jus a plain
dialog: gurl. If you not an angel, what are you?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I’m Harriet Tubman, mama. I’m Moses.
text: Rit’s eyes widen. Harriet hugs her, burying her cries.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: That's right, I’m Moses, the slave
dialog: stealer. I need you to come wit me, an
dialog: do exactly as I say. Where’s daddy?
scene_heading: EXT. THOMPSON’S MILL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Ben is down by the waterfall, repairing a damaged chunk of
text: stone and mortar. A pebble hits him on the shoulder. He
text: looks up...
text: Harriet is hidden amongst the trees. She reveals herself,
text: gesturing to him frantically.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Daddy!
text: Ben climbs up the fall towards her.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS NEAR MILL FALL - LATE AFTERNOON - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ben embraces her. He dares a look at her, for the first time
dialog: since her escape.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: Minty! I can’t pull my eyes away. I
dialog: need to look at’ya.
dialog: (tear in his eyes)
dialog: It’s good to see you, gurl.
text: He wrenches his eyes away.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Who you come for?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You, daddy. You been harboring
dialog: fugitives?
text: He looks at her, surprised she knows.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: One of ‘em got cau ght and talked. They
dialog: coming for you. We gotta go right now!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS OUTSIDE THOMPSON'S MILL - DUSK
text: Harriet and Ben join Walter at the cart, where he’s strapping
text: Rit into the rig.
speaker_heading: RIT
dialog: Ben! Our Minty’s Moses! One everyone
dialog: carryin’ on bout.
text: He gets into the cart beside her and pats her hand.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I’ma take you north to see Robert and
dialog: Henry and Junyah. But first I need you
dialog: and daddy to go wit Walter to Rev Green's
dialog: church. You’ll be safe there.
text: Through the woods, they can see MEN WITH TORCHES in the
text: distance approaching Ben's cabin.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Hurry. Then meet me at Brodess Farm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Yes, boss.
text: Walter gets on the horse and drives off.
scene_heading: INT. BRODESS FARM —- BEDROOM —- DUSK
text: Eliza lies in bed, in the throes of an anxiety attack, stress
text: and financial burden having taken their toll, Gideon sits by
text: her bed, stroking his mother’s hair.
text: A pitifully thin slave girl, Rachel’s daughter, ANGER, 8,
text: brings in a tray, balancing the pot and cup carefully. She
text: goes to tip some drops of laudanum into the tea.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: No more. I don’t want it!
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: It’s for your nerves, mother.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: I don’t want it!
text: She knocks the tray from Anger’s hands, spilling the scalding
text: tea, the pitcher shattering on the floor. Anger silently
text: bends to pick up the broken china.
speaker_heading: ELIZA (CONT'D)
dialog: That girl is trying to poison me. She
dialog: blames me for her mother... They’re all
dialog: conspiring against us.
text: Gideon's eyes catch Anger’s, her expression unreadable.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Mama, you’re just anxious.
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: I’m suffocating in this place. It’s like
dialog: a prison where I’m awaiting my execution,
text: surrounded by hostile, black-faced
dialog: guards.
text: We hear a BANGING at the door... Gideon and Eliza exchange a
text: look. Gideon goes to the window.
text: A GROUP OF MEN stand below in the yard. Gideon gives his
text: mother a look of quiet alarm and runs out.
text: Eliza gets up, pushing past Anger to the window.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS HOUSE - DUSK
dialog: Gus Vern and other PLANTERS we’ve seen at slaveholder
text: meetings stand at the door. Gus bangs again.
speaker_heading: GUS VERN
dialog: Gideon!
text: Gideon opens the door and faces the mob.
speaker_heading: GUS VERN (CONT’D)
dialog: You and your mother need to come with us.
dialog: We gotta discuss this Moses business, and
dialog: what you intend to do about it.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: My mother’s not well.
text: But Eliza comes down behind him, pulling on a cloak.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: We see a circle of torches...
text: A large group of planters are gathered in the woods,
text: including Vern. The mood is dangerous.
text: Eliza and Gideon are in the center of the circle.
speaker_heading: GUS VERN
dialog: Seeing as how Moses has been discovered
dialog: to be a nigger girl from your farm, we
dialog: think it’s only appropriate that you pay
dialog: us restitutions for our lost property.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: We don’t have that kind of money! We're
dialog: going through hard times, like the rest
dialog: of you.
speaker_heading: PLANTER
dialog: Then you gon’ have to sell the farm!
speaker_heading: ELIZA
dialog: No!
text: Eliza is fierce, eyes glittering with tears of rage. It’s a
dialog: performance, and she knows her life depends on it.
speaker_heading: ELIZA (CONT'D)
dialog: We are victims of this diabolical nigger
dialog: just like you are! She ran off with 5 of
dialog: our best slaves! Our crops are meager.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: ELIZA (CONT'D)
dialog: Our fortune all but gone! My livelihood -
dialog: my very health - has been ravaged. We
dialog: are victims like you! We need to work
dialog: together to find this thief and burn her
dialog: at the stake like Joan of Arc!
text: Angry cheers from the planters.
speaker_heading: ELIZA (CONT'D)
dialog: If we work together, we can catch her. I
dialog: have a plan...
text: She's got their attention.
speaker_heading: ELIZA (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘ll put her sister’s child up for
dialog: auction. We’ll post notices everywhere.
dialog: Harriet Tubman will come to rescue her
dialog: niece and we'll be waiting for her!!
dialog: The planters cheer this plan. She’s won them over. Gideon
text: looks at his mother with admiration. She meets his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS HOUSE - SAME
text: Harriet sneaks up to the house and slips inside.
scene_heading: INT. BRODESS HOUSE - BECKY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Anger stands on a stool, combing Becky’s hair. Vincent and
text: Victor stand in the doorway, drunk and surly.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Where’s mama?
speaker_heading: ANGER
dialog: Out wit Massa Gideon.
text: Vincent and Victor look at each other in confusion.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: She went out? At night?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (to Anger)
dialog: Girl, go get us some brandy from the
dialog: storeroom!
text: ON HARRIET, with the Colt revolver, at the other doorway.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I got a better idea.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 98.
text: The boys turn.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Hey! It’s--
text: Harriet points the gun in their face. Becky screams.
text: Anger looks at Harriet in terror.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: (to Anger)
dialog: Don’t be scared, Anger. I’m your mama’s
dialog: sister. We family.
text: Anger runs to Harriet, clinging to her dress.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Where your brother, Anger?
speaker_heading: ANGER
dialog: Trader carry ‘im off. Dey kep us lock
dialog: out in de smoke house, on’y let us out to
dialog: bury mama, den de trader took ‘im.
text: Harriet takes this in, gun aimed at the Brodess kids.
scene_heading: INT. BRODESS FARM - OUTHOUSE - SAME
text: Foxx is on the shitter. The door slams open. Walter has a
text: gun pointed in Foxx’s face.
speaker_heading: FOXX
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Call me whatever you want, that’s what
dialog: you white folks do.
scene_heading: INT. BRODESS HOUSE - BECKY’S BEDROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: Anger aims the Colt with shaking hands while Harriet finishes
text: gagging and tying the three kids to the bed with strips of
dialog: bed-sheet.
text: Harriet takes the gun from Anger and aims at the helpless
text: kids, rage in her eyes.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: This for my sister and her son.
dialog: She FIRES!!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 99.
text: The Brodess kids are wild-eyed, crying, the floor at their
text: feet splintered by the gunshot. Pee spreads on Vincent's
text: trousers. Harriet looks at them, cooly.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Give your mother and brother my regards.
text: She picks up Anger and hurries off.
scene_heading: EXT. BRODESS FARM - NIGHT
text: Harriet come running out with Anger. Walter heads them off.
text: The dogs sound the alarm in their kennels.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Where’s Foxx?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Tied up in the shitter. Let’s go!
text: Harriet looks to the slave cabins.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Wait a minute.
text: She sings, GO DOWN MOSES... One phrase is all it takes.
text: SEVERAL SLAVES peek their heads out from their cabins.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: We’re gonna need a bigger cart.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Walter and Harriet are on the horse. Two SLAVE WOMEN are
text: squeezed in the cart, Anger between them. TWO MEN run
dialog: alongside.
text: A very light-skinned slave dashes from the woods in front of
text: the cart. TILLY’s eyes are desperate.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: Wait! Take me with you! Please! My
dialog: massa tryin kill me.
text: Walter looks at her, perplexed.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: We definitely gonna need a bigger cart.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. BRODESS HOUSE - BECKY’S BEDROOM- NIGHT
text: Eliza opens the bedroom door and sees her three children tied
text: to the bed and gagged. She SCREAMS and faints--
text: The children look at their mother in dismay. Gideon appears
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: GODDAMMIT!!
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NEAR DAWN
text: Gideon and a large group of LAWMEN and PLANTERS have gathered
text: - some on horseback, some on foot - including Gus Vern,
text: Bigger Long, Atwood and other slavers, SHERIFF NED UTLEY,
text: Marshal, Deputies and Police. All heavily armed and out for
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF NED UTLEY
dialog: We will break into teams and cover this
dialog: whole area, from Bucktown to Cambridge.
dialog: I want law enforcement in each group.
dialog: The letter of the Law must be obeyed and
dialog: every precaution taken to bring this
text: dangerous wench in alive, so she can face
dialog: her full punishment! I know some of you
dialog: are itching to have a chance at her; to
dialog: make her pay for what she done to your
dialog: fortune and family. Rest assured, she
dialog: will be tried and executed by the
dialog: harshest methods available, as dictated
dialog: by the laws of the State of Maryland!
text: The crowd cheers, some grumbling too, as the men break into
dialog: groups.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Bigger and Atwood, come with me! Let’s
dialog: pay an early visit to Rev Green!
text: The posses split up and gallop off.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAYBREAK
text: A covered freight wagon approaches up the road. A single
text: driver steers the horses.
text: Walter steps in front of it, two guns pointed at the driver.
text: The driver puts his hands up in panic.
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: INT. REV. GREEN'S CHURCH —- MORNING
text: Rev Green watches wearily as Gideon’s posse ransacks his
dialog: church once again.
text: The storeroom is empty. Rev Green manages to look indignant
text: and vindicated. Gideon’s frustration is evident. He spots a
text: pamphlet on the floor, picks it up.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Look what we have here - a copy of Uncle
dialog: Tom’s Cabin. You’re in possession of
dialog: banned abolitionist material, Reverend.
dialog: Deputy, arrest this man!
text: As the deputy handcuffs Green, his eyes meet Gideon's,
text: defiant and smug.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: A slender WHITE MAN drives the freight wagon with haste. The
text: horses seem skittish and uneasy. It’s the light-skinned
text: slave, Tilly, wearing Walter’s clothes, skin ash-whitened,
text: kinky hair jammed under a hat.
text: IN THE BACK - the wagon is filled with ears of corn, moving
text: mysteriously as the wagon bounces along.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - DAY
text: Heavily guarded by lawmen. Pedestrians have gathered to
text: watch the inevitable capture, the air alive with excitement.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF NED UTLEY
dialog: They gonna have to come this way. We got
text: every other way blocked off.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NEAR BRIDGE - SAME
text: The covered wagon bounces towards the bridge, Tilly, nervous
text: as a cat, slows the horses to a trot.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: I’m gonna wet myself!
text: Harriet coaches her, voice muffled beneath the corn.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You know your massa better than de lines
dialog: in your hand. Be him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 102.
text: Tilly steels her courage and drives the horses towards the
text: bridge, doing her best to channel her master as the wagon
text: approaches the roadblock of lawmen.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: (lowered voice)
dialog: Gentlemen, good day. What’s all this?
text: A LAWMAN steps forward.
speaker_heading: LAWMAN
dialog: Slave stealers on the loose. That devil
dialog: Moses. We got a surprise for her.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: I hope you catch that bitch and hang her,
dialog: fer mine git any ideas. Any of ‘em even
dialog: breathe that name on my farm, I’1l beat
dialog: ‘em into Sunday. Don’t let none of ‘em
text: past the gates - not anymore. Strange
dialog: times, when a man can’t trust his own
dialog: slaves. Best o’ luck to you.
text: Tilly starts forward. The Lawman stops her.
speaker_heading: LAWMAN
dialog: We’re gon’ have to check the cart, sir.
dialog: Sorry to inconvenience you.
text: Tilly freezes, in sirupy terror. The Sheriff strides over,
text: scrutinizing Tilly, something troubling him.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF NED UTLEY
dialog: You related to Luther Grant?
text: Tilly, who is, gives a shaky and ironic smile.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: Yes, sir. He’s my daddy.
text: The sheriff laughs. He puts a foot up on the side of the
dialog: wagon.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF NED UTLEY
dialog: Thought I saw the resemblance! You tell
dialog: your daddy he owes me a whiskey! Tell
text: him Ned Utley hasn’t forgotten. With all
dialog: this corn, he should be able to afford
dialog: it! Y’all have a nice day!
text: He waves them through.
speaker_heading: TILLY
dialog: You too, sheriff.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 103.
text: Tilly tips her hat and drives the cart over the bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED ROAD - MINUTES LATER
text: Harriet and Walter, in Tilly’s dress, uncover the rest of the
text: Freedom Seekers, who emerge from the corn, stretching cramped
text: limbs. Harriet pulls corn silk from Anger’s hair. Ben rubs
text: Rit’s shoulders.
text: Tilly, weak with nerves, leans over her knees, trying not to
dialog: vomit.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - DAY
text: Gideon and his posse ride up. Gideon bristles as the lawmen
text: chat and smoke. He approaches the Sheriff.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Any sign of them?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF NED UTLEY
dialog: Not yet. Just the usual foot and horse
text: traffic and a few farmers. Luther
text: Grant’s son came by with a freight wagon
dialog: full of corn. A good yield, by the look
dialog: of it.
text: Gideon looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Luther Grant’s son?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF NED UTLEY
dialog: That's right. Looks just like ‘im.
text: Gideon and Bigger exchange a look. Gideon pulls him aside.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Luther Grant ain’t got a son. Got 5
dialog: daughters and a nigger girl looks just
dialog: like him.
speaker_heading: BIGGER
dialog: By the time these crackers figure out she
dialog: got past ‘em, she’ll be long gone. We
dialog: know she’s headed north. We can find
dialog: her, collect the reward for ourselves.
dialog: Maybe get you some time alone with her,
dialog: employ a looser interpretation of the
dialog: law.
text: Gideon gives him a nod. They slip away.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERFRONT - DAY
text: Harriet, her family, and the freedom-seekers are huddled in a
text: small grove of trees by the waterfront.
text: Ben is asleep holding Anger on his lap. Harriet strokes her
dialog: mother’s hair.
speaker_heading: RIT
dialog: Tell me, one mo’ time.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: (speaking softly)
dialog: Senator Seward sold me a nice house on
dialog: his property - big enough for everybody.
dialog: You and daddy, Robert, Henry, Junyah and
dialog: Jane, and Anger too. We gon’ be
dialog: together. An no massa forcin’ us to do
dialog: nothin’. I’m gon’ spoil you and take
dialog: care a you. I love you, mama.
text: Tears run down Rit’s cheeks. She grips Harriet’s hand.
speaker_heading: RIT
dialog: I love you too, Minty.
text: A BOAT glides into view. Walter waves from the deck.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD BY THE RIVER - SAME
text: The freight wagon is abandoned by the side of the road, the
text: horses eating grass. Over it we see...
text: Gideon and Bigger riding up. The wagon is clearly empty.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: They ditched it!
text: Gideon searches the treeline, Bigger gallops ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFRONT - SAME
text: Harriet hands Anger up to Walter and helps the last of the
text: freedom-seekers onto the boat. As she prepares to climb
dialog: aboard...
text: She feels the familiar flutter in her chest, her whole body
text: buzzing with it... DANGER.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Get everyone below deck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
text: Walter hustles the family below. Harriet goes to the edge of
text: the trees and peeks out...
text: In the distance we see...
text: Bigger galloping towards them, Gideon in the distance.
text: Harriet ducks back into the trees and dashes for the boat.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: Hurry, get ‘em out of here! We got
dialog: company.
text: Walter reaches a hand to pull her up.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Alright, let’s go!
text: She takes a step back.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Walter, promise me you’ll get Anger and
dialog: my parents to safety.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Why? What’re you--?
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I can’t have Gideon coming after ‘em,
dialog: Walter! If you want to help me, help my
dialog: family. Get ‘em to safety! Promise me!
text: A beat. Walter nods. He unties the boat and pushes off.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS NEAR RIVER - DAY
text: Harriet emerges from the tree-line and steps into the road,
text: waiting for them to notice her.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS NEAR RIVER -—
text: ON GIDEON - spotting her tiny figure in the distance. He
text: shouts to Bigger.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: There she is! Get her!
text: Harriet dashes away from the river. Gideon and Bigger gallop
dialog: after her...
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS NEAR RIVER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Gideon and Bigger search the woods. They’ve lost her.
text: Gideon puts a finger to his lips.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I want her alive.
text: Bigger nods. They split up.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY TERRAIN - DAY
text: Harriet scrambles up a rock face, breathing hard.
text: Below her BIGGER rides into view... He sees her and draws his
text: gun. She ducks as he FIRES! A bullet hits the rocks.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SAME
text: Gideon reacts to the gunfire, riding in the direction of the
dialog: sound--
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY TERRAIN
text: ON HARRIET - Crouched against the rocks, gun aimed--FIRING!!
text: Bigger’s hat flies off his head. Damn close, but not close
text: enough. As Harriet frantically reloads her revolver, Bigger
text: aims at her with murderous rage.
speaker_heading: BIGGER LONG
dialog: You gone die bitch.
speaker_heading: GUNFIRE--
text: Bigger falls forward and slides off his horse, shot in the
dialog: head.
text: ON GIDEON - emerging from the woods behind him, rifle
dialog: smoking.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I said I want her alive.
text: GIDEON’S POV - As Harriet scrambles down the rocks, swinging
text: herself onto Bigger’s horse...
speaker_heading: GIDEON (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: MINTY!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 107.
text: Harriet takes off. Gideon gallops after her, HORSE’S HOOVES
text: thundering past BIGGER’S DEAD BODY.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Gideon chases Harriet through the woods, up an incline, both
text: riding hard. At a distance, she looks back at him...
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I’m coming for you, Minty!
scene_heading: EXT. WOODY PLATEAU - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Gideon emerges onto a wooded plateau, starkly beautiful in
text: the late afternoon light.
text: Bigger’s horse is grazing some distance away, riderless.
text: Gideon looks around. No sign of Harriet...
speaker_heading: GIDEON
speaker_heading: MINTY!
text: Suddenly she appears behind him, Colt revolver pointed at his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Toss your gun. Easy.
text: Gideon slowly removes his rifle and tosses it to the ground
text: at her feet -- quickly drawing a revolver from his holster--
text: Harriet SHOOTS the gun from his hand! Gideon howls in pain,
text: a fleshy hole by his thumb.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
text: Off the horse.
text: Gideon slides from his horse, cradling his bloody hand. He
text: faces her, breathing hard. The two of them only yards apart,
dialog: the closest they’ve been since the day she jumped from the
text: bridge. She tucks her revolver at her waist, picks up his
text: rifle and trains it on him.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: On your knees.
text: He sinks to his knees, looking up at her, teeth clenched in
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: It didn’t have to end like this, Minty.
dialog: You could’a stayed with us, if you only
dialog: knew how to behave. But you were so
dialog: damned insolent. Unruly and untamed. I
dialog: guess that’s what I liked about you. And
dialog: you liked me too, I know you did. You
dialog: prayed over my bed, when I was sick. You
dialog: asked God to make me well.
text: She looks at him with something like empathy.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I asked God how a sickly little boy could
dialog: think he owned me.
text: Gideon’s eyes turn hard.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I do own you, Minty. Even now, you’re
dialog: mine. You’re just a damn runaway.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: I was never yours, Gideon. I was never
dialog: nobody's property! That was a lie you
dialog: told yourselves. Since the day your
dialog: daddy sold my sisters I prayed for God to
dialog: make me strong enough to fight, and
dialog: that's what I've prayed for ever since!
dialog: I reasoned there was one of two things I
dialog: had a right to, liberty, or death. If I
dialog: couldn't have one, I'd have the other.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You know what they’1l do to you, when
dialog: they finally catch you? They’1ll tear you
dialog: limb from limb, tar you and burn you
dialog: alive! Even if I’m not there to watch
dialog: it, I can almost smell it now. Like
text: roasting pig.
text: Harriet remains unfazed. She levels the rifle at his face.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: But you’ll die right here.
text: Gideon flinches, waiting for the gunshot...
text: But Harriet lowers the rifle, using it to gesture to the
text: woods around them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
text: On a frozen, blood-soaked battlefield,
text: the moans of a generation of young men in
dialog: your ears, dying in agony around you, for
dialog: a lost cause. For a vile and wicked
dialog: idea! For the sin of slavery! Can you
dialog: hear them?
text: For a moment we hear the death-moans of a thousand men, in
text: the aftermath of bloody defeat.
text: Gideon looks spooked, as if he can see their mangled bodies,
text: stretching into the distance. He looks back at Harriet.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (CONT'D)
dialog: God don't mean people to own people,
dialog: Gideon! Our time is near!
text: Harriet tosses the rifle, then turns and walks away, towards
text: the grazing horse. Gideon watches her, tears welling in his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: You bitch! You destroyed my family!
text: Harriet swings herself onto the horse’s back. She speaks in
text: THE VOICE - it’s her own, maybe it always has been.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: You tried to destroy my family, but you
dialog: can’t. You tried to destroy my people,
dialog: but you won’t. God has shown me the
dialog: future, and my people are free. MY
dialog: PEOPLE ARE FREE!
text: Gideon watches as Harriet rides off, into the glare of the
text: setting sun.
text: ON HARRIET, face grim, eyes turned inward...
text: We hear HER VOICE from the opening...
speaker_heading: HARRIET (OVER) (CONT’D)
dialog: Now is our time! Are you ready to kill
dialog: the snake?
text: A hundred soldiers shout YES with passion. As we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: EXT. COMBAHEE RIVER - SOUTH CAROLINA - DAWN - 1863
text: A GUNBOAT, THE JOHN ADAMS, looms large in the background as
text: dozens of ROWBOATS row away from it.
text: ROWBOATS - BLACK UNION TROOPS onboard, rowing stealthily
text: towards the shore.
text: HARRIET stands in the prow of the lead rowboat, like a
text: figurehead.
scene_heading: EXT. COMBAHEE RIVER AND PLANTATIONS - DAYBREAK
text: As the sky breathes with light we can see the shore and tree-
text: line. Beyond that, the distant plantations.
text: Harriet begins singing, in a loud commanding voice...
speaker_heading: HARRIET
text: WADE IN THE WATER, WADE IN THE WATER
scene_heading: CHILDREN... WADE IN THE WATER, GOD'S
text: GONNA TROUBLE THE WATER!
text: For a moment nothing changes. Then we see...
text: FEET RUNNING as...
text: SLAVES begin pouring from the woods, running for the beach...
text: towards the armed black troops in the rowboats.
text: HUNDREDS OF SLAVES, carrying their children and meager
text: belongings on their backs, splashing through churning water
text: towards the boats and FREEDOM!
text: Their voices join hers, singing triumphantly...
speaker_heading: HARRIET & SLAVES (OVER)
text: WADE IN THE WATER, WADE IN THE WATER
text: CHILDREN! WADE IN THE WATER! GOD'S
text: GONNA TROUBLE THE WATER!
text: Harriet watches from the lead rowboat, arms spread wide,
text: tears streaming.
text: Soldiers raise their weapons, prepared to defend the slaves
text: or die trying. Their voices join Harriet’s...
speaker_heading: HARRIET, SLAVES, SOLDIERS (OVER)
text: WHO ARE THOSE CHILDREN ALL DRESSED IN
text: RED? GOD'S GONNA TROUBLE THE WATER!
text: MUST BE THE ONES THAT MOSES LED! GOD'S
text: GONNA TROUBLE THE WATER!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 111.
text: SLAVEHOLDERS and FOREMEN race from the trees, weapons aimed
text: at the fleeing slaves.
text: The SOLDIERS take aim -- GUNFIRE.
scene_heading: EXT. SEWARD ESTATE - HARRIET’S HOUSE - AUBURN, NY - DAY
text: HARRIET’S VOICE CONTINUES, singing alone soulfully as...
text: Harriet walks wearily to her house, on the Seward Estate.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (OVER)
dialog: Wade in the water... Wade in the water
dialog: children! Wade in the water... God's
dialog: gonna trouble the water!
text: Rit is sitting outside on a rocker. She sees Harriet and
text: screams. Harriet’s family spills out into the yard, greeting
text: her ecstatically. Rit and Ben, Henry, Robert, his new wife
text: and their children, Junyah and Jane and their children, a
text: teenaged Anger - family whose freedom she’s made possible.
speaker_heading: HARRIET (OVER) (CONT’D)
dialog: God's gonna trouble the water! God is
dialog: gonna trouble the water!
text: They pull her inside and close the door.
speaker_heading: CODA:
dialog: Harriet Tubman was the most famous conductor on the
text: Underground Railroad, helping over 70 slaves to freedom.
dialog: After the UGRR disbanded at the start of the Civil War,
text: Harriet became a spy for the Union army. On June 2, 1863,
text: Harriet Tubman led 150 black Union soldiers in the Combahee
text: River Raid, freeing over 750 slaves from the rice
text: Plantations. She is the only woman to lead an armed
dialog: expedition during the entire Civil War, and one of the few
dialog: women to have done so in US history.
dialog: After the Civil War, Tubman remarried and dedicated her life
dialog: to helping impoverished former slaves, the elderly and the
text: women's suffrage movement. She died surrounded by loved ones
text: on March 10, 1913, at approximately 91 years of age. Her last
dialog: words were, “I go to prepare a place for you.”
dialog: 
