scene_heading: HELLRAISER II : HELLBOUND
dialog: Screenplay by Peter Atkins
dialog: Original Story by Clive Barker
dialog: 2nd. Draft
dialog: November 1, 1987
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: 1 TITLES
text: The screen is composed of large, straight-edge areas of black
text: and white that rest against each other in a manner that suggests
text: some kind of pattern, without making a final sense; it is as if
dialog: we are too close to something that, could we see it froma
dialog: distance, would be clear to us.
text: These areas shift and change - both their own shape and their
dialog: relationship to their neighbors. New patterns are being made,
dialog: new solutions found - but they are just beyond our comprehension.
dialog: The effect should be aesthetically pleasing but simultaneously
text: frustrating and, perhaps, a little unsettling.
text: Shortly into this sequence, and subsequently inter-cut
text: throughout, we begin to see, in FLASHBACK, the story of
text: HELLRAISER. Arriving first as very short shock-images, these
text: brief sections eventually convey to the audience all the
dialog: necessary emotional and narrative information they will need to
text: understand the background to HELLBOUND.
text: Meanwhile, the black and white shapes are still moving, the
text: unseen patterns still shifting.
text: Over this constantly mobile background, the TITLES begin to
dialog: appear.
text: As the TITLES unroll, another change comes over the puzzle pieces
text: behind them. Where before they moved and related only in two
text: dimensions, gradually we see that they are now claiming depth as
text: well. The puzzle we are looking at is now a three-dimensional
text: one. The pieces are now solid blocks of various geometric
text: shapes, locking together, moving apart, finding their final
dialog: position.
text: Finally, as the TITLES come to their conclusion, the camera pulls
dialog: back until we can see clearly what we have been looking at. As
text: the final piece clicks into positions we see it is THE LAMENT
scene_heading: CONFIGURATION from HELLRAISER.
text: The closed box rests before our eyes a moment and then the circle
text: in the centre of the side that faces us gives way to an image
text: of a dusty street with a market. Simultaneous to this, the camera
text: TRACKS into this image until it fills the screen
scene_heading: 2 EXT A STREET BAZAAR DAY
text: The TRACK continues up through the market and then turns through
text: the stalls to find a store behind them. As we TRACK through the
text: store's doorway, we pass through a beaded curtain that
text: momentarily reminds us of the TORTURE ROOM in HELLRAISER.
scene_heading: 3 INT. STORE DAY
text: Once we are in the store itself, though, this impression disappears.
text: It is an ordinary, slightly seedy, junk shop.
text: The stall seems to sell an odd mixture of items; native trinkets
text: share space with second-hand items from European colonists. These
dialog: second-hand goods give us some sense of period. They suggest the
text: late 'twenties/early ‘thirties. This is reinforced by the
text: sounds coming from one of them, an old-fashioned mahogany-cased
text: wireless. A foreign voice speaks from it in a language we don't
dialog: understand, though perhaps the words "BBC world service" are
text: discerned in the middle, and then a dance-hall tune of the period
dialog: begins to play. (Depending on availability, it would be nice to
dialog: have something relevant - 'I'll follow my Secret Heart', perhaps,
dialog: or "Dancing in the Dark'.)
text: Into shot comes an ENGLISH OFFICER. His uniform, too, suggests
text: the 'twenties, the last days of Empire. He is tall, thin, and
text: dark-haired, but at no stage do we see his face clearly. He
text: stands in front of the stall.
text: The TRADER suddenly stands behind the counter. He has been
text: crouched beneath it, as if checking or preparing something. He
text: is a big, impressive-looking black man. His face is totally
text: impassive as he stares at his customer.
text: Neither of the men speak. Obviously, a deal has already been
dialog: struck and today is the pay-off.
text: The OFFICER, a little arrogantly - suggesting racist contempt,
text: slaps down a bag of gold on the stall's counter.
text: Keeping his eyes firmly on the OFFICER, he reaches beneath him
text: and brings something up from under the counter and places it In
text: the OFFICER'S outstretched hand. He is holding a LAMENT
scene_heading: CONFIGURATION.
text: The OFFICER turns and leaves. The camera TRACKS out of the store,
text: looking at the TRADER as he watches the departing OFFICER.
text: 4 INT THE OFFICER'S QUANSETT HUT DAY
text: It is typical of temporary military quarters, complete with a
text: curved ceiling of corrugated material. It is stripped of furniture.
text: The blinds are down.
text: The OFFICER, still in uniform, sits cross-legged, the BOX held
text: before him.
text: He is already well into the solving process and very soon after
text: the shot begins the BOX begins to speed its own solution.
text: Finally, two sections of the BOX shoot upwards and begin to peel
text: apart from each other, ready to reveal its secret.
text: The OFFICER, suddenly nervous, drops the BOX and scuttles back
text: across the floor to stare at it. The BOX lands upright, its
text: extended parts still open above it. For a beat of two, nothing
text: happens. We become aware of the OFFICER'S pulse, throbbing
text: excitedly on the soundtrack.
text: 5 INT THE OFFICER'S QUANSETT HUT DAY OFFICER'S P.O.V.
text: Slowly we, the camera, and the OFFICER, move towards the still,
text: silent, but menacing BOX.
text: We approach it until finally we are above it, looking down into
text: the opening it has made in itself. There is undefined movement
dialog: inside.
text: Suddenly, something flies up directly at us. We glimpse it only
text: briefly, but enough to see its nature. Unlike the hooks that
text: flaw at FRANK in HELLRAISER, this is more organic than metallic.
text: Pink and flesh-like but on a long gray-blue stalk, it
text: flies upward, its lips peeling apart gapingly to reveal scores of
text: yellow, discoloured, and viciously sharp teeth-like hooks.
text: The OFFICER screams and the screen begins to take on a red tint
text: so that, just as the thing is about to fill the screen
text: with its hungry mouth, the entire screen turns red.
text: The red screen is held for a second and then suddenly becomes
text: complete blackness.
scene_heading: 6 INT BLACK SPACE
text: The black screen continues and, rising slowly from it and falling
text: back slowly into it, in a dream-like, surrealistic manner, come
text: various images of the OFFICER'S torment/pleasure in Hell.
dialog: By various camera tricks, such as step-printing or optical
text: blurring, his face is still not clearly seen, but is seen enough
dialog: for us to see his sensual, almost orgasmic responses to what is
text: being done to him.
text: Cuts appear spontaneously across his face, leaving a grid like
text: crisscross pattern of wounds.
text: Finally, a disembodied hand gripping a hammer drives nails into
text: each corner formed by these wounds and, as the face comes into
text: full view for the first time, we realize who this is. It is
scene_heading: PINHEAD from HELLRAISER.
text: PINHEAD'S completed face floats on the blackness and stares out
dialog: at us.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: (echoed & slow)
dialog: Kirsty, come to daddy
text: The tiny silence following PINHEAD's words is shattered by a
text: piercing and terrified scream.
scene_heading: 7 INT HOSPITAL ROOM NIGHT
text: The scream continues, but the blackness is replaced by KIRSTY's
text: anguished face; it is she who is screaming. The scream subsides,
text: replaced by breathless panting accompanied by rapid eye movement.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: (off camera)
dialog: Ah, you're awake. Good.
text: We pull out to see that KIRSTY is sitting up, fully dressed, on a
text: hospital bed. RONSON, a police detective, sits on a plain wooden
text: chair, which is the only other piece of furniture in the room.
text: The walls are bare save for a piece of primitive art on one wall,
text: and, on another, a circular barred window looking out.
text: RONSON stands up and walks to the foot of the bed. He rests his
text: hand on the bed's metal frame and smiles a perfunctory smile.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Tell you what - we'll make a
dialog: deal. I'll tell you what I
dialog: know, then you tell me what
dialog: you know. 0.K.?
text: KIRSTY is still re-orienting herself. She blinks a few times
text: and then focuses on RONSON's hands gripping the bed.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: O.K.?
text: KIRSTY looks up at RONSON's face and then around at the room.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: You're in the Malahide Institute.
dialog: It's a psychiatric hospital. But, hey,
dialog: don't feel judged - it was just
dialog: the nearest place to bring you.
dialog: Remember? You and your boyfriend... ?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Steve...
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Don't worry. He's O.K. We sent him
dialog: home hours ago. Jeez, what a story.
text: He puts a cigarette in his mouth and lights it.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: What was it, kid? Smack? Angel dust?
dialog: Don't tell me acid's back in fashion?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: What are you talking about? Who
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Oh, excuse me...
text: RONSON reaches in his jacket and flashes an I.D.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Ronson. Homicide. I'm this
dialog: district's slash and dash expert.
dialog: Made a career of the nasty ones.
dialog: That's why I was at your
dialog: Dad's house. Jesus, what a mess.
text: KIRSTY'S eyes prick with tears. She looks away from RONSON.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY (to herself)
dialog: Daddy...
scene_heading: 8 INT JUNK ROOM LODOVICO STREET NIGHT
text: CORTEZ, a POLICE OFFICER, shifts some unpacked crates to
text: allow a closer look at the shriveled and deformed corpse of one
text: of FRANK and JULIA'S victims.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Jesus...
text: CORTEZ prods at the corpse with his night-stick, attempting
text: to turn it over. A stream of maggots pours from the mouth and
text: the cavity that used to be its throat.
text: CORTEZ jumps back in disgust and knocks against one of the
text: several wardrobes in the cluttered room. Another corpse flies
text: out at him, as decayed and flvblown as the first.
text: CORTEZ draws his gun and empties it blowing the corpses
text: head off, scattering flesh, mucus, and bone - but no blood -
text: everywhere before realizing it is already dead.
text: He realises what he has done and lowers his weapon sheepishly.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Oh. shit...
scene_heading: 9 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM DAY
text: RONSON is sitting back in the chair, looking at the now slightly
text: calmer KIRSTY.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: We got two missing people
text: and a house full of corpses.
text: He holds out his hand towards KIRSTY in a theatrical manner.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Talk to me.
text: KIRSTY swings her legs off the bad, but remains sitting on it,
text: her feet on the floor. She doesn't look directly at RONSON but
text: begins to take in the (few) details of the room for the first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I thought Steve had talked
dialog: to you?
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Oh, pardon me. I obviously didn't
dialog: convey my hesitation to take his
dialog: story at face-value. No, YOU
dialog: talk to me. But - do me a favor? -
dialog: none of this DEMONS crap.
text: KIRSTY closes her eyes, almost wincing, as memory comes.
text: KIRSTY opens her eyes. Consciously, she slows the rhythm of the
dialog: dialogue down.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: He talked about Demons, huh?
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Yeah.
text: KIRSTY turns her head to look directly at RONSON.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: It's true. All of it. It's all true.
text: RONSON stares at her, impressed by her conviction and intensity.
text: There is a second of shared silence.
text: Suddenly, a shocking ELECTRONIC CRACKLE shatters the mood. RONSON
text: starts, then realises it is the radio at his belt. He snatches it
text: up and speaks into it.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Ronson.
scene_heading: 10 INT BEDROOM LODOVICO STREET NIGHT
text: Another OFFICER, KUCICH, is standing, radio in hand, by the
text: blood-stained mattress. CORTEZ stands beside him, gun now safely
text: re-holstered.
speaker_heading: KUCICH
dialog: Kucich here,sir. We just found another one,
dialog: though it suffered a little...
text: KUCICH looks at CORTEZ, who looks embarrassed.
speaker_heading: KUCICH
dialog: ..er, accidental damage in discovery.
dialog: Anyway, just about the only portable
dialog: evidence we've got here - apart from
dialog: human remains - is the mattress. Looks
dialog: like someone was messed up real bad
text: on it.
scene_heading: 11 INT HOSPITAL ROOM NIGHT
speaker_heading: KUCICH
dialog: (off-camera)
dialog: Can we send it downtown?
text: RONSON throws KIRSTY a look of exasperation with his colleague.
text: The camera stays on KIRSTY's face as RONSON speaks.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: What the hell are you asking me
dialog: for? Tag it. Move it.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY (to herself)
dialog: The mattress... The mattress... JULIA.
text: Without waiting for a reply, RONSON switches the radio off and
text: clips it back to his belt.
scene_heading: 12 INT BEDROOM 55 STREET NIGHT
text: We are looking at the mattress. KUCICH has left the room.
text: CORTEZ draws a pad from his packet. The pad is stapled, and
text: the staple has been badly inserted and is not closed property.
text: In the act of tearing a label from the pad, CORTEZ catches
text: his thumb on the staple.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Shit!
text: The label is adhesive-backed. CORTEZ licks it and presses
text: it on the mattress. He writes on it - 55L/El. As he stands up
text: from doing this, a single drop of blood from his thumb lands on
dialog: the mattress. (It is important that we see it is only a single
text: drop - and nothing like the amount LARRY spilled on the
dialog: floorboards.)
text: CORTEZ leaves the room to fetch a colleague to help him
text: move the mattress. We move in to see the drop of blood disappear
text: very quickly into the mattress, as if it is being sucked in.
text: As this happens, we hear on the soundtrack the faintest RUMBLE.
scene_heading: 13 INT OPERATING ROOM NIGHT
text: A somewhat antiquated and frightening operating room, filled
text: with machines, monitors, and surgical instruments. The corners of
text: the room fall away to shadow.
text: Sitting upright in the centre of the room is a FEMALE PATIENT.
text: She is awake and staring out at the camera. Twin probes/clamps
text: are in each of her ears to hold her in place. Her head is shaved
text: and the skin on the back of her head has been cut open and peeled
text: apart. The flaps of the skin are held away from the area being
text: worked on by four clamps. (we never actually see round to the
dialog: exposed brain itself)
text: Immediately behind her, and probing with professional skill and
text: coolness into her exposed brain, is DOCTOR MALAHIDE. He is in
text: his late forties and looks like all the great doctors look -
text: rational, civilized, competent, and powerful. There is an
text: intensity in his eyes and the lines of his face though that
text: suggests something more than normal.
text: The room has several attentive listeners and observers, but the
text: one nearest to MALAHIDE is his personal student/assistant KYLE
text: MACRAE, young, conventionally good-looking, with an open,
text: friendly, face.
text: MALAHIDE is holding forth on the secrets of his trade, several times
text: looking away from his patient while still working on her, to make
dialog: sure his audience understand his points.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: We can bring them back properly
dialog: more often than scientific orthodoxy
dialog: dictates, ladies and gentlemen. And
text: the knife, far from the enemy of
dialog: of analysis, is often its greatest
dialog: ally in solving the puzzles of
dialog: psychosis. Analysis isolates and
text: massages. Surgery pinpoints and
dialog: corrects. ... though you've got to
dialog: know what you're doing, of course...
text: Polite laughter from several students.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Some things are obvious. Here,
dialog: for example,
text: He prods in at a specific area.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: ..are the optical motor nerve
dialog: control centers.
text: The PATIENT begins to blink in time with MALAHIDE'S prodding.
text: The affect is half-comical, half-distressing. Perhaps MALAHIDE
dialog: carries it on just that half-second too long for innocent
text: demonstration. But the students give impressed murmurs anyway.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
text: Now. This case. A deeply-buried
dialog: psychosis severe enough to produce
text: frighteningly frequent hysteria and
dialog: aggression. Incurable. Say others. Not so.
text: Analysis isolates. The knife
text: exposes. Medication controls.
text: As he speaks, MALAHIDE injects a syringe directly into the
text: PATIENT's brain. Her face spasms momentarily.
text: MALAHIDE stands back slightly. His face is serene, calm, and
dialog: confident.
text: He takes a small, motorised drill and sets to work on the brain.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: And then, ladies and gentlemen, we
text: REBUILD. With all the care and
dialog: knowledge that our years of training
dialog: have given us
dialog: 
text: He looks around at them all, smiling slightly.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
text: WE BRING THEM BACK.
text: The students murmur their approval. Perhaps they even applaud.
text: MALAHIDE acknowledges their reaction with a modest nod.
text: Suddenly, an intercom on the wall cuts in.
speaker_heading: INTERCOM
text: Dr. Malahide, the new arrival is
text: awake, and appears very distressed.
text: MALAHIDE steps back briskly and begins to peel his cloves off.
text: He nods at a nearby student.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: My part in this is over. You
dialog: may tidy up for me. Kyle, you
dialog: come with me.
text: MALAHIDE and KYLE leave the room.
scene_heading: 14 INT HOSPITAL ROOM NIGHT
text: KIRSTY has her hands over her face and is shaking. RONSON stands
text: and crosses to her. He takes her hand from her face and calms
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Easy, easy. Whatever happened,
dialog: whatever you saw, it's not here
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I saw it...him. But I got away.
dialog: And I took the box. And I solved
dialog: it. And they came.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: The Cenobites.
text: She stares directly at RONSON, daring him to disbelieve.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: The Demons.
text: RONSON stares back, perhaps a glimmer of belief in his eyes.
text: On the soundtrack, the sudden and shocking sound of a door being
text: slammed open and hitting the wall.
text: KIRSTY screams. Even RONSON is startled.
text: In the doorway are DOCTOR MALAHIDE and KYLE. MALAHIDE advances
text: into the room, smiling apologetically as he does so.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Sorry. Must get that door
dialog: fixed. Detective Ronson?
text: MALAHIDE holds his hand out, as RONSON nods in response.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: I am Doctor Malahide.
text: The man shake hands. MALAHIDE gestures behind him.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: My assistant, Kyle Macrae. And
dialog: this must be Kirsty?
text: MALAHIDE speaks quickly, as if to get the formalities out of the
text: way. As he says her name, he smiles benignly at KIRSTY who,
text: still distraught from her memories and shocked at the slamming of
text: the door, simply stares at him.
text: MALAHIDE turns his attention back to
text: speaking to him in a lower voice.
text: RONSON, drawing him away and
text: Meanwhile, KYLE walks over to KIRSTY
text: enough to embarrass her into smiling
text: and smiles at her - long
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: I've read the boy's statement.
dialog: Quite the adventure they
dialog: believe they had. I'd like to talk
dialog: to her alone. Do you think ... ?
text: RONSON looks over his shoulder at KIRSTY.
text: carefully at MALAHIDE and then nods slowly.
text: He then looks
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Mmmm. O.K. Frankly, I think
dialog: she's more your territory than
dialog: mine. Shame.
text: RONSON looks back at KIRSTY.
speaker_heading: RONSON
dialog: Kirsty. Doctor Malahide's going
dialog: to look after you now. Maybe we
dialog: could talk some more tomorrow.
text: KIRSTY nods vaguely and then,
text: calls out to him.
text: just as RONSON reaches the door,
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Wait! The mattress. You've got
text: to destroy it. She DIED on it,
dialog: you see. The mattress. It's
dialog: haunted now. She can come back...
text: like Frank. SHE CAN COME BACK.
text: RONSON smiles helplessly at her, then glances at MALAHIDE with a
text: "you see what I mean" expression, and leaves the room.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY (to herself)
dialog: The mattress
text: MALAHIDE stares at her briefly, with a strange expression on his
text: face and then abruptly follows RONSON through the door.
text: KIRSTY is too absorbed to notice
text: stares incredulously as MALAHIDE
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Uh...excuse me
dialog: this odd behavior,
text: leaves the room.
speaker_heading: but KYLE
text: a moment.
text: He follows to the door and stands in the doorway, looking down
dialog: the corridor.
scene_heading: 15 INT HOSPITAL CORRIDOR NIGHT
text: RONSON stands before a set of double-doors, talking to a
scene_heading: UNIFORMED OFFICER.
text: MALAHIDE comes into view, walking swiftly, and instantly talks
text: over their conversation.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Detective. I'll be able to help
dialog: this girl. But I need your assistance
scene_heading: 16 INT HOSPITAL CORRIDOR NIGHT
text: Looking back at the corridor, we see the door to KIRSTY'S room
text: ajar, and KYLE standing by it looking down.
scene_heading: 17 INT HOSPITAL CORRIDOR NIGHT (KYLE' P.O.V)
text: A LONG SHOT of MALAHIDE and RONSON. KYLE, and we, are too far
text: away to hear what is said, but MALAHIDE in nodding and gesturing
text: emphatically, as if persuading RONSON of something.
scene_heading: 18 INT HOSPITAL ROOM NIGHT
text: KYLE returns into the room and closes the door. His expression is
text: puzzled, troubled. Then he remembers there is a patient here and
text: he smiles.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: So...You're Kirsty, huh?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: You a doctor, too?
text: KYLE smiles again.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Nearly a doctor. I'm Kyle
dialog: Macrae. Call me Kyle.
text: KIRSTY draws a deep breath, temporarily calmed. She even manages
text: a smile.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Hi, Kyle.
text: MALAHIDE re-enters the room.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Now, Kirsty...
text: KIRSTY looks at him warily.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: The cop. He didn't believe me.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: I suspect not. But that
dialog: doesn't necessarily mean
dialog: you're wrong, does it?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Do you believe me?
text: MALAHIDE offers a re-assuring laugh.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Well, I don't know yet.
dialog: However, you're not lying.
dialog: YOU believe this is the truth.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: It IS the truth.
text: Suddenly, the door opens again. An INTERN is standing there. For
text: the briefest of moments, MALAHIDE looks furious and then,
text: catching himself, assumes his calm demeanor.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: Sorry, Dr. Malahide. But it's
text: Tiffany. She's escaped ... again.
text: MALAHIDE sighs.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: very Well.
text: He looks down at KIRSTY.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I'm sorry, Kirsty. Kyle will
dialog: come back with something to
dialog: help you sleep. We shall speak
dialog: tomorrow.
text: MALAHIDE and KYLE follow the intern from the room, KYLE giving a
text: last friendly smile as the door closes behind them.
scene_heading: 19 EXT. CARNIVAL NIGHT
text: We are staring down the midway of a deserted carnival. On either
text: side, stalls and rides beckon to pleasures that their locked
text: doors and tarpaulin-draped entrances deny. A light rain is
dialog: falling.
text: A huge wooden cut-out of a grinning clown dominates one stall
text: while the sign beneath him seems to state the ethos of the whole
dialog: place; LOTS 'O' FUN.
text: Another has a banner proclaiming FREAK SHOW, with the subheading
dialog: YOU'LL GASP AT THE GEEK!
text: On the horizon in the distance, almost denying the reality of
text: what we are seeing, tower vast cranes of unimaginable height
text: while beyond them impossibly huge oil-drums squat against the
text: moon-bright but cloudy sky.
text: Into shot, and running down the midway, comes a girl, TIFFANY.
text: TIFFANY is a girl in her early teens but looks younger
text: then her years due to her boyish figure and her slightly over-
text: delicate features.
text: For the last months, TIFFANY has been finding ways out of the
dialog: institute and making her way here, where she has one special
dialog: obsession, which we will soon see.
text: Following her into shot, but many yards behind, come two INTERNS
text: from the Institute. They contrast each other almost comically,
text: one being tall and plump while the other is smaller and thinner.
dialog: They're not quite the Stan and Ollie of the medical world but
dialog: with some serious rehearsal they could get there.
speaker_heading: 1st INTERN
dialog: Oh, Jesus -she's gonna make it.
text: Even as the first INTERN says this, we see TIFFANY make a sharp
text: left turn into a stall entrance.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. HALL OF MIRRORS ENTRANCE NIGHT
text: A front view of the stall into which TIFFANY has run. The large
text: sign above it proclaims 'HALL OF MIRRORS' and a smaller sign
text: perched above a distorting mirror to one side of the entrance
dialog: says ‘YOU'LL BE AMAZED'.
text: The two INTERNS enter at a run.
scene_heading: 21 INT. HALL OF MIRRORS NIGHT
text: There follows a hopelessly one-sided pursuit through the
text: mirror maze as TIFFANY effortlessly eludes the two INTERNS.
dialog: There are three major facets to this sequence;
text: 1) Comic relief - as the two interns make fools of themselves.
text: There could even be a room of distorting mirrors where the thin
text: INTERN becomes fat and the fat one thin.
dialog: 2) TIFFANY'S ease and expertise with patterns and puzzles.
dialog: 3) Confusion of the audience's sense of the real and the unreal.
text: This goes on long enough for us to realise the 1ST INTERN was
dialog: right to worry, how long TIFFANY could elude them. Then,
text: jarringly, as the screen is full of reflected TIFFANYS
text: there suddenly appears amongst them a single image of
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE.
text: Everything stops.
dialog: The image of MALAHIDE (and we shouldn't he sure yet if we're
text: looking at a reflection or the real man) puts its hands out,
dialog: palms up.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Tiffany. Come.
text: All the TIFFANYS move quietly toward him until they all disappear
text: from view. Then the real TIFFANY comes into shot, her back to us,
text: and walks toward what we now see to be the real MALAHIDE, who is
text: standing in a doorway deliberately framed like a mirror to
dialog: confuse the customers.
text: TIFFANY places her hands docilely on to MALAHIDE's outstretched
dialog: ones.
scene_heading: 22 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM NIGHT
text: KIRSTY has been dozing fitfully, but is awakened by strange
text: noises. At first terrified, she slowly realises it is simply
text: someone being put in the room next door.
text: She waits until activity has ceased and then moves to her door.
text: It is unlocked. She moves out into the corridor.
scene_heading: 23 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR NIGHT
text: Looking warily from side to side, KIRSTY edges out into the
text: corridor, along it, and then stops by the door of the adjoining
dialog: room.
scene_heading: 24 INT. TIFFANY'S ROOM NIGHT c.U.
text: A hand fits a piece of jig-saw puzzle into the space it belongs.
text: We know it is a jig-saw by the shape of the pieces, but it is
text: clearly not the conventional type - a picturesque photo - because
text: all we can see at this close-up angle are large areas of black
dialog: and white.
scene_heading: 25 INT. TIFFANY'S ROOM NIGHT
text: We now see that the puzzle is on the floor of a room of a similar
text: size to KIRSTY'S. It is slightly more decorated; It has curtains
text: and wallpaper. And a tiled floor. Sitting cross-legged on the
text: floor next to the puzzle is TIFFANY.
text: The puzzle, which we can now see more clearly, is an intricate
text: abstract design in black and white. There are several pieces
text: still un-fitted but TIFFANY is working steadily, efficiently, and
dialog: with complete concentration.
text: On a wall behind her there is a visual record of her progress
text: over the last few months. Sealed in plastic by staff members are.
text: Puzzles she has solved, with dates marking her advancement. They
dialog: begin with the simplest wood block animals usually given to very
text: small children. passing through photo-puzzles of increasing
dialog: difficulty, and culminating in one or two other examples of the
text: kind of complicated pattern-work she is involved in now.
scene_heading: 26 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR NIGHT
text: We pull out to see that this is KIRSTY'S P.O.V. from the glass
text: panel in the door of TIFFANY'S room.
text: TIFFANY looks up at one point and eye-contact is made. KIRSTY
text: gives a tentative smile and a small wave. TIFFANY stares at her.
text: The stare is long but unresponsive and finally TIFFANY returns to
dialog: the puzzle.
text: KIRSTY has her back to us and the camera is quite close in when a
text: hand suddenly moves into shot and touches her shoulder.
text: KIRSTY jumps back in alarm, fear on her face. But it is only
speaker_heading: KYLE.
text: KYLE raises his hand in apology.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Oh, Jesus, I'm sorry. God, if
dialog: anyone should know not to do that,
dialog: it's me. I'm sorry. 0.K.?
text: KIRSTY nods and gives a nervous smile. KYLE, still embarrassed by
text: his foolishness and eager to change the subject, nods towards the
text: glass panel.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Sad, huh? She's been here
text: six months. Her name's TIFFANY.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: What's the matter with her?
speaker_heading: KYLE
text: Almost complete withdrawal. She
dialog: hasn't said a word for nearly
dialog: two years.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: God, that's terrible.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Yeah. Doctor Malahide's got her
dialog: doing these jig-saws and things,
dialog: though. Says it's helping to
dialog: bring her out.
text: KYLE ushers KIRSTY back into her own room.
scene_heading: 27 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM DAY
text: As he closes the door to KIRSTY's room, KYLE reaches into the
text: pocket of his lab-coat and produces a small box of pills.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Anyway, let's concentrate on
dialog: you for a moment. Wanna suck
dialog: on this for me?
text: KIRSTY looks up at him sharply. He is proffering a pill and
text: grinning facetiously.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Hey, good joke, Kyle. Do you
dialog: always come on to the mentally
dialog: ill?
text: KYLE's face falls. He blushes. Pressing the pills into KIRSTY's
text: hand, he backs off to the door, apologising.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Shit. Sorry. Here's the
dialog: pills. Red face. Door. Bye.
text: He exits hurriedly, closing the door behind him. KIRSTY grins
text: despite herself. She looks at the pill for a second or two and
text: then puts it firmly back in the box. Realising there is no
text: bedside table, she puts the box on the wooden chair.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Jesus, I'm glad I'm not paying
dialog: for this place.
text: She is about to lie down on the bed, when she senses something is
text: wrong in the room.
text: KIRSTY is instantly tense again. She swings her head to the side
text: and tenses in horror, stifling a scream.
text: In the corner of the room, against the wall lying in a pool of
text: blood, is her skinned father LARRY.
text: KIRSTY emits a pained moan of pure anguish as she realises what
text: she is looking at.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Daddy...
text: The thing in the corner raises its arm weakly from its side and
text: begins to write on the wall in its own blood.
text: It writes : I AM IN HELL; HELP ME.
text: KIRSTY covers her eyes with her hands and begins to sob.
text: KIRSTY takes her hands from her eyes.
text: The figure has gone. The pool of blood has disappeared. But, on
text: the wall the words remain.
text: KIRSTY makes herself rise from the bed and walk slowly across the
dialog: room.
text: Her eyes full of tears, she stretches out her arm and touches the
dialog: word 'I'.
text: As her fingers make contact, the words instantly disappear.
text: She presses her bloodied finger quickly to her lips before that
text: last trace of her father can vanish, too.
scene_heading: 28 INT. TIFFANY'S ROOM NIGHT
text: TIFFANY is still sitting up cross-legged, weeping. Her puzzle is
dialog: completed.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. THE INSTITUTE DAY
text: Basically an establishing shot to show it is the next morning but
text: it also serves to show MALAHIDE walking briskly to work. His suit
text: is tasteful and simple, but discreetly expensive-looking. He
text: walks with purpose and looks straight ahead, acknowledging only
text: with polite nods the respectful greetings of various JUNIOR
text: DOCTORS and NURSES he passes on his way. He enters the institute.
dialog: We should also see several patients being walked, or wheeled,
text: around by STAFF during this shot.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: (off-camera)
dialog: And how are we feeling today...?
scene_heading: 30 INT. LARGE WARD DAY
text: This is a large, traditional hospital ward with a line of beds
text: down each long wall and a wide central aisle.
text: Nearly all of the beds are occupied and, at the far end of the
text: ward, there is a male patient in a wheelchair.
text: All the PATIENTS' eyes turn immediately and happily to MALAHIDE
text: as he crosses the room, continuing his speech.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Better? Good.
text: He-doesn't stop his progress but walks straight through the room
text: and into the corridor.
text: As the door closes behind him the WHEELCHAIR PATIENT scowls.
speaker_heading: W/CHAIR PATIENT
dialog: 105 years and he still doesn't
dialog: know my name.
scene_heading: 31 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR DAY
text: MALAHIDE walks swiftly down the corridor in which we saw him talk
text: to RONSON earlier, but this time the camera follows him through
text: the double doors and further down the corridor.
text: He enters an elevator and the doors close in front of him.
scene_heading: 32 INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR DAY
text: MALAHIDE exits the elevator into a lower corridor, one not so
text: carefully decorated.
dialog: We are in the area in which the more deeply disturbed of the
dialog: Institute's patients live.
text: The rooms are smaller, closer together, and there is an
text: observation panel set in each door.
text: MALAHIDE looks into the first four rooms.
text: In the first, a middle-aged, overweight woman sits completely
text: motionless in the middle of the floor. She is dressed in a
text: shapeless white robe and is sitting crosslegged. Her head is
text: shaven, her eyes are rolled completely up into the sockets so
dialog: that only white shows.
text: In the second, a very thin man of about thirty is pressed as
text: tight as he can be into one corner of the room. His hair is long
text: and he has a full beard. He is naked but not unadorned - his body
text: and much of his cell wall is smeared in excrement.
text: In the third, a man of about MALAHIDE'S age-stands in the centre
text: of the room. He is of normal build but his head is shaved. His
text: face, scalp, and hands are covered in self-inflicted and
text: amaterurish tattoos- all of crosses. He is dressed in T-shirt and
text: jeans. With both hands he holds aloft a silver crucifix, pointing
text: it in all directions, as if under constant siege by Devils. He
text: mutters prayers and invocations constantly.
text: In the fourth, a man in his early twenties restrained in a
text: strait-jacket. He shuffles around on the call-floor, his eyes
text: twitching and flitting from one part of his body to another.
speaker_heading: BROWNING
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Get them off me. Get them off me.
text: Off-camera, we hear the sound of KIRSTY's sobbing - which bridges
dialog: the CUT TO:
scene_heading: 33 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM DAY
text: KYLE enters, having heard KIRSTY crying. She is sitting with her
text: legs over the side of the bed with her face in her hands.
text: KYLE immediately sits next to her and puts an arm around her
text: shoulder. He doesn't force her to speak. He lets her let the
text: tears out. Finally, she looks up.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I...I had a visitor.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Oh, Jesus. I can't explain. It's
dialog: ..it's. I don't know how to
dialog: help! I have to save him and I
dialog: don't know how to help!
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: (Carefully)
dialog: Kirsty, I'm sorry... don't
dialog: understand. I...
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I know. No-one can. But I have to save
dialog: him. Where's the other doctor? He said
dialog: He'd listen. He promised.
text: KYLE responds quickly to this. His faith in MALAHIDE is
dialog: strong, despite that curious incident of the previous night when
text: MALAHIDE followed RONSON out of the room.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Dr. Malahide. Yes. Look, I'll
dialog: fetch him. You take it easy.
dialog: I'm sure he can help.
text: KYLE stands up, making soothing motions with his hands, and heads
dialog: for the door.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Help. No, no-one can help. I
dialog: just want someone to listen
dialog: or I WILL go crazy.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: If anyone can help, HE can.
text: KIRSTY turns and gives KYLE a strange look as he opens the door.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Yeah? He got a ticket to Hell?
scene_heading: 34 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR DAY
text: We TRACK with KYLE down the corridor, eventually reaching an
text: impressive door, which is slightly ajar. Even before we reach it,
text: we hear MALAHIDE's voice. He is clearly on the phone. Because of
text: the nature of what he is hearing, KYLE pauses when he reaches the
text: door, listening with a confused expression on his face.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: (off-camera & gradually fading up)
dialog: Officer Kucich? Yes, Doctor
dialog: Malahide. You've spoken to
dialog: Ronson? Yes ... That's right.
dialog: The mattress No, I'll meet
dialog: you by the side entrance. No, no,
dialog: my HOUSE. Yes, let me make that
dialog: clear. The house, NOT the hospital.
dialog: Yes ... Fine, and thank you.
dialog: 
text: We hear the phone click. KYLE waits a moment and then walks
text: swiftly through the door, speaking as he does so.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Doctor Malahide ... ?
scene_heading: 35 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM DAY
text: KIRSTY'S face fills the screen. Her voice is slightly dreamy, as
text: if she is still trying to understand herself the story she is
text: about to tell.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: It must have been going on
dialog: forever...
text: Her voice trails off. We pull out to see KIRSTY sitting up on her
text: bed. MALAHIDE on the wooden chair, and KYLE standing by the
dialog: door.
text: MALAHIDE's voice pulls her back.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Kirsty...?
text: KIRSTY snaps back and continues to speak in a more normal voice.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: But the part I know about,
dialog: That must have started with
dialog: my Uncle Frank...
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Then let us speak of it
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 36 EXT. MALAHIDE's HOUSE TWILIGHT
text: We TRACK in slowly towards a modern house that we will learn is
text: MALAHIDE'S, up the drive, towards the front door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 37 INT. MALAHIDE'S HALLWAY TWILIGHT
text: The TRACK continues along the hallway and into the OBSESSION
speaker_heading: ROOM.
scene_heading: 38 INT. OBSESSION ROOM NIGHT
text: The TRACK continues.
text: The room is dim, lit only by stray shafts of moonlight.
text: On the floor in the centre of the room is the mattress.
text: The TRACK stops. A main light is clicked on and MALAHIDE moves
text: into shot. MALAHIDE pours himself a scotch from the decanter that
text: sits on the writing table and approaches the mattress.
text: He is clearly very, excited. He walks around the mattress two or
text: three times, never taking his eyes off it.
text: He walks back to the writing table, throws his drink back, puts
text: the glass down and leaves the room.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. MALAHIDE'S HOUSE NIGHT
text: MALAHIDE leaves through his front door and walks toward the
dialog: hospital.
scene_heading: 40 INT. OBSESSION ROOM NIGHT
text: After a few seconds silence we hear a repeated clicking sound, as
text: if something is being forced, followed by a louder snap and the
text: sound of a sash window being opened.
text: The curtains balloon inwards, part, and KYLE steps into the room.
text: He stands still for a moment, as if making sure he is alone, and
text: then begins to take in his surroundings.
text: The room is entirely devoted to MALAHIDE'S secret obsession -
text: with the Paranormal in general and the Lament Configuration in
dialog: particular.
text: It is a fair-sized, square shaped room. Prints, paintings, and
text: photographs cover the walls. All of these pictures relate in some
text: way to his obsession; photographs of ghost-sightings; portraits
text: of magicians from Cagliostro to Crowley; prints of arcane symbols
dialog: and pentagrams, etc.
dialog: Specifically, we recognize a print that resembles very closely
text: the jigsaw he has had TIFFANY recently solve. Also, there are
text: framed diagrams (which look very old) of the Lament Configuration
dialog: -Both open and closed.
text: On a long, low table there are three glass cases. In each of
text: these cases is a Lament Configuration. On each case is a small
dialog: label giving a location, a date of acquisition, and a number -
dialog: which we may assume to be the number of deaths attributable to
dialog: that specific box.
scene_heading: These labels read: CAIRO 3/4/'59 7
scene_heading: LYONS 6/2/'72 4
scene_heading: NEW YORK 12/3/'81 5
text: There are also, on a small desk-top bookshelf on a writing table,
text: editions of MALAHIDE'S own books. He seems to have spent his
dialog: career publicly denying what he is privately obsessed with -
dialog: because the books titles include ‘Possession: Not Demons but
text: Disease’, 'The Myth of the Diabolic’, and 'The Internal Inferno’.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Jesus Christ. Jee-sus-kerr-ist!
text: We assume he has visited MALAHIDE'S house before, but he has
dialog: clearly never seen this room.
text: He stares at the mattress with incredulity, as if he still can't
text: believe his superior has had it brought here. Then he begins to
text: look around the room in more detail. He approaches the glass
text: cases and bends slightly to look at their contents.
text: KYLE shakes his head.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Oh, shit.
scene_heading: Al INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR NIGHT
text: MALAHIDE walks past a bank of meters and huge circuit breakers on
text: his way to the lower and of the corridor, by the cells
text: of the very disturbed. He stops by the cell of the man in the
text: strait-jacket. We hear from the outside the familiar muttering of
text: BROWNING. MALAHIDE enters the call.
scene_heading: 42 INT. BROWNING'S CELL NIGHT
text: As MALAHIDE enters, BROWNING looks at him. His eyes demand, not
text: plead, and he speaks through clenched teeth.
speaker_heading: BROWNING
dialog: Get them off me. Get. Them.
dialog: Off. Me.
scene_heading: 43 INT. OBSESSION ROOM NIGHT
text: KYLE is rooting through the drawers in the writing table.
text: Generally the contents are unremarkable - handwritten notes, a
text: few patients case-files etc. - but in one of the drawers he
text: finds a black ring-binder which he takes out and lays on the
dialog: table.
text: It is a book of faces. There are about fifteen sheets in the
text: binder. Some of them are genuine photographic prints, some
text: photocopies of original photos. They range widely in age, race,
text: and sex. They are all full-face portraits. Chronologically, the
text: range is extensive too. Some pictures (generally photocopies)
dialog: appear to date from the earliest days of photography, the late
text: 1880's, others have an Edwardian appearance, or suggest the
text: 1920's. Only one or two seem to be less than thirty years old.
text: KYLE flicks back and forward in the book, wondering on the
dialog: significance of these people.
text: He is lost in the musings when the click of the front door tells
text: him MALAHIDE has returned.
text: KYLE closes the book and quickly slips it back into the drawer.
text: He heads rapidly for the window he came in through but realises
text: MALAHIDE is too close for him to open it and make good his
text: escape. Instead he stands between the window and the curtains,
text: pulling the latter closed over him.
text: MALAHIDE enters the room, leading BROWNING who is still strait-
text: jacketed.
scene_heading: 44 INT. BEHIND THE CURTAIN NIGHT
text: We see KYLE standing very still in the limited space behind the
text: curtains. It is clearly seen that, given the thoroughness with
text: which he closed the curtains and his immobile position, he is
text: unable to see what is happening in the room. He can hear, but not
dialog: see.
scene_heading: 45 INT. OBSESSION ROOM NIGHT
text: MALAHIDE leads BROWNING across to the mattress. Standing beside
text: it, he unbuckles and removes the strait-jacket from his patient.
text: BROWNING, beneath the strait-jacket, is naked to the waist. His
text: arms and cheat are a mass of scars of various age and size.
text: MALAHIDE gestures to the mattress. Now that his arms are free,
text: BROWNING is scratching furiously.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Mr. Browning. Please, lie down.
text: BROWNING lies down, still scratching, trust and hope in his eyes.
scene_heading: 46 INT. OBSESSION ROOM BROWNING'S DELUSION (BROWNING'S P.O.
text: As if looking through BROWNING's eyes, we see his body stretched
text: out before us on the mattress.
text: The naked chest and arms are covered with raised lumps, red and
text: painful-looking.
text: As his scratching arms attack these lumps, they break open,
text: revealing vile black insects that have hatched beneath his skin.
text: BROWNING brushes these away while he scratches at the remaining
text: lumps.
scene_heading: AT INT. OBSESSION ROOM NIGHT
text: BROWNING has already re-opened some of the more recent scars, and
text: blood slowly rises to the surface of his skin.
text: MALAHIDE walks over to his writing tableland goes into one of
dialog: the drawers.
text: He produces an old-fashioned cut-throat razor and walks back to
speaker_heading: BROWNING
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Here. This will help.
text: He proffers the razor. BROWNING siezes it. MALAHIDE steps back
text: quickly, a mixture of anticipation and apprehension on his face.
text: BROWNING slashes at his body and left arm with a short, sharp,
text: slicing motions. In his mind, he is lancing the cysts that
text: contain the tormenting insects. In reality, he is inflicting
text: horrifying damage on himself.
text: Blood pours from the multitude of wounds, running over his body
text: and down onto the mattress.
text: Suddenly, without any preliminaries, two painfully thin, flayed,
text: mucus-covered arms shoot out of the mattress, one on either side
text: of the still-busy BROWNING.
text: They wrap themselves tightly across his chest and crush him
text: tightly to the mattress, as a head, similarly wasted, oozes out
text: of the mattress to the side of BROWNING's head.
text: Beneath his delusions, BROWNING suddenly has an inkling of what is
text: happening to him. His eyes widen and his mouth opens ready to
text: emit a scream but the monster beneath him forces a hand over his
text: mouth as it buries its face into the soft flesh of his neck.
text: Two legs now rise from the oozing slime that the bloodstains on
text: the mattress have become. They too wrap themselves around
text: BROWNING so that he is held tight.
text: Finally, with titanic effort, he gathers enough momentum to roll
text: completely free of the mattress and falls to the floor beside it.
text: The thing on his back now is pulling free from the bed of
text: bubbling, frothing slime that the mattress now is with a sliding,
text: slurping sound.
text: The monster's face is now deep in the flesh of his throat, and
text: even as BROWNING forces himself up first onto one knee and then,
text: very unsteadily, onto his feet, we can see him wasting away - his
text: face losing its fullness and colour, his chest sinking in on
dialog: itself.
text: The creature, which is still wrapped around him and clinging
text: tight is, unlike him, growing in stature by the second. Muscles
text: are inflating, arteries pumping more vigorously, and flesh itself
dialog: filling out.
text: Its horrific thin-ness when it first appeared effectively unsexed
text: it but now, as its regeneration continues, the fullness of its
text: hips, the roundness of its thighs, and the sacs of fat and muscle
text: that bloom above its ribs confirm its female nature. If there was
text: any doubt that this was JULIA, it is now disappearing.
text: BROWNING is now nearly a walking corpse and it is the strength of
text: his will alone that allows him to take a few faltering steps with
text: JULIA still enveloping him. With the desperate strength with which
text: she clings to him and the way her legs are wrapped around his
text: hips, it is like an obscenely perverse parody of sexual passion.
text: MALAHIDE has been watching all this with an incredible mix of
text: emotions playing across his face. Still human enough to feel both
text: fear and disgust at what is happening he is nevertheless awe
dialog: struck and exhilarated. He has waited all his life for such an
dialog: irrefutable demonstration of the power and the truth of the
dialog: supernatural.
text: Similarly, the scientist in him is fascinated by the living
text: anatomy lessons that JULIA's regeneration and BROWNING rapid
dialog: decay offer.
text: With one last dying effort, the now-almost-husk-like BROWNING
text: breaks JULIA'S grip and makes a futile step forward as she falls
text: from him. He totters towards the curtains.
text: Just as the audience think he will pull them down with him,
text: revealing KYLE, JULIA grabs his ankle and pulls. He falls back to
dialog: the floor.
scene_heading: 48 INT. BEHIND THE CURTAINS NIGHT
text: The loud noise of BROWNING's fall renews KYLE's resolve to see
text: what is going on. Carefully, he shifts his position so that he
text: can see through a small gap in the curtains.
scene_heading: 49 INT. KYLE'S P.O.V. NIGHT
text: KYLE may have heard one or two strange and unpleasant noises but
text: BROWNING has not screamed nor JULIA spoken; nothing has prepared
text: him for what he sees - a skinned woman sucking out what life
text: remains from the dried husk of a psychotic man.
scene_heading: 50 INT. BEHIND THE CURTAINS NIGHT
text: KYLE's head jerks back, shaking as if he's just had an electric
text: shock. His mouth moves but no sound emerges.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: (mimed)
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: His terror simultaneously urging speed and silence, KYLE gingerly
text: maneuvers himself out of the window.
scene_heading: 51 INT. OBSESSION ROOM NIGHT
text: JULIA lies back satisfied on the floor. She looks up weakly at
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Help me.
text: Her voice is perfect. MALAHIDE stares at her, his fascination
text: intense. He crosses the few yards that separate them. He looks at
text: her, lying beside the hollow shell that was CHEYNEY. Her eyes
text: stare back, brilliant, sparkling, alive.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Help Me.
text: MALAHIDE realises her temporary vulnerability; all the life force
text: she has absorbed from BROWNING has made up her body, but it will
text: take some moments for the strength to return to her.
text: Fascinated and sympathetic as he is however he cannot yet quite
text: brine himself to touch this creature. Instead he moves the
text: mattress nearer to her, allowing her to crawl back onto it and
dialog: lie down again.
text: MALAHIDE stares down at her. He attempts a smile, but is too
text: nervous to make it convincing. He is trembling slightly. This
dialog: contact with the beyond is something he has dreamt of for years,
text: but nevertheless the physical reality is overwhelming.
text: JULIA treats him to the approximation of a smile. She is far from
dialog: nervous.
text: She studies herself. Her figure is fully formed, her womanliness
text: undeniable. All she is missing is a skin. She stretches her arms.
text: She lifts her legs. She writhes on the bed in pleasure, like an X-
text: ray photograph of a calendar girl.
text: MALAHIDE stares at her, following the sensual movements of her
text: body. He swallows, a little embarrassed by his response to the
text: naked display he is privileged to watch.
text: JULIA'S eyes twinkle at him.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Don't be embarrassed. You're
dialog: my friend.
text: She looks away and continues her stretching and wiggling, more
text: conscious of it now as an erotic display.
text: The strength has flooded through her body as she rises to her
text: feet, and stops off the mattress, smiling at MALAHIDE.
text: MALAHIDE backs away from her as she moves towards him, doing his
dialog: best to return her smile.
text: After a few steps, JULIA stops and simply stares into MALAHIDE'S
text: eyes. He too stops and returns the gaze. The camera circles them
text: slowly several times, studying them - the dressed, nervous man
text: and skinned, confident woman.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Well?
text: MALAHIDE says nothing. Perhaps he swallows nervously. The camera
text: continues its circling movements. The scene FADES TO BLACK and
text: JULIA begins to laugh, small, sensual giggles at first building
text: finally as the blackness comes into an almost hysterical
text: crescendo of raucous joy.
scene_heading: 52 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM NIGHT
text: KIRSTY is again lying on her back on top of the bed. She is a
text: stark contrast to JULIA. No display. No laughter.
text: Her eyes are open and red-rimmed from weeping now. There is also
text: complete silence.
text: All the more jarring, then, the sudden sound of someone fumbling
text: at the handle of KIRSTY'S door.
text: Her eyes widen in alarm and she flings herself off the bed,
text: scanning the room for anything that can be used as a weapon.
text: There is nothing but the chair and she she has all but lifted it
text: aloft when she sees that it is KYLE, who comes into the room.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Shit, Kyle. This is getting to
dialog: be a habit. What is it, some
dialog: kind of shock-therapy?
text: She was angry, relieved, and amused when she realized it was KYLE
text: and all these showed in her voice and face. Now they drop away
text: completely, replaced by a nervous apprehension as she becomes
text: aware of the blank horror on his face.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Oh, Jesus. What is it?
text: KYLE opens his mouth a few times, as if unsure what to say.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: It's all true.
scene_heading: 53 INT. TIFFANY'S ROOM NIGHT
text: TIFFANY walks around her room, staring at her completed puzzles -
text: those on the wall and the one on the floor - and waiting for the
dialog: next one.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 54 EXT. MALAHIDE'S HOUSE DAY
text: A simple shot tells us it is the next morning.
scene_heading: 55 INT. OBSESSION ROOM MALAHIDE'S HOUSE DAY
text: MALAHIDE , dressed in a black suit, is in the room, staring at
text: the empty mattress. We TRACK with him through to his LIVING ROOM.
scene_heading: 56 INT. LIVING ROOM MALAHIDE'S HOUSE DAY
text: In contrast to the secret and private obsession room, this room
text: is the tasteful and upmarket room of the successful professional.
text: It is a long spacious room with modern furniture and white walls.
text: The walls are mostly free of decoration save for two or three
text: large canvases of abstract art.
text: The longest wall is broken up only by a low circular table, which
text: rests against it about half way down. On this table is a very
text: simple black vase containing a spray of beautiful white lilies.
text: Above this vase on the wall is a large frameless mirror.
text: As MALAHIDE enters, the first thing he sees is a bloody palm-
text: print on one of his white walls. He blinks at it and looks down
text: into the room. We CUT TO;
text: JULIA. At first it seems she is staring at the lilies, but as we
text: TRACK around her, we realise she is staring at the reflection of
text: her skinned self.
text: Her face snarls at herself, she roars with rage, forms her hand
text: into a fist and shatters the mirror.
text: MALAHIDE rushes towards her. She swings round and freezes him
text: with a glance.
text: They hold their positions for a moment, MALAHIDE nervous and
text: JULIA furious, and then JULIA makes herself relax. She sighs,
text: takes a few deep breaths, and then speaks.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I'm cold.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT
scene_heading: 57 INT. LIVING ROOM MALAHIDE'S HOUSE DAY
text: CLOSE UP on a strangely Art Deco electric fan heater, with bright
text: red coils emitting waves of heat.
text: We pull out to see MALAHIDE standing by the table with the flowers.
text: There is now a half-full glass of wine on the table, along with
text: an ashtray where a cigarette burns away ignored. A pack of
text: cigarettes is now visible in the breast pocket of MALAHIDE's jacket.
text: JULIA enters the room and closes the door behind her. She is
text: dressed in one of MALAHIDE'S suits. It is a light weight suit of
text: white linen, a suit for expensive holidays in hot countries.
text: She crosses the room to the table; pausing slightly in the centre
text: of the room, to allow MALAHIDE to look at her.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Well?
text: MALAHIDE'S nervousness has retreated a little, he manages to
text: smile. He nods his head slowly a few times.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Yes... Yes. You look...
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Surreal? Strange? Nightmarish?
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: No. You look...
text: He pauses, lost for words.
text: JULIA doesn't wait for an answer. She crosses to the table and
text: takes up his glass of wine. She downs it in one.
text: MALAHIDE stares at her, a little surprised.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Yes, I still like WINE
text: She smiles strangely at him and then moves closer. Slowly,
text: keeping her eyes on his, she reaches into his breast pocket
text: for his packet of cigarettes and places one in her mouth.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: and more.
text: For a moment, MALAHIDE's face is stone. Then, slowly, he returns
text: her smile and, drawing his lighter, lights her cigarette.
scene_heading: 58 INT. SHOPPING MALL DAY
text: A large multi-level shopping complex obviously up-market and
dialog: expensive.
text: We see MALAHIDE, riding up one on the central escalators, looking
text: around him as he does so, as if searching for a specific shop.
text: He reaches the next level and begins to walk along one of the
text: several avenues that lead away from the central square containing
text: the escalators.
text: He walks past several shops, looking in their windows; a chic
text: specialty shop, a window full of clocks, a cutler's. Finally,
text: he stops in front of one. He stares at its display window.
text: The window is classily minimal. There is in fact only one dress
text: in it. It is an exquisite white cocktail gown. The gown is full
text: length but quite tight-fitting, merely flaring a little from
text: below the knee, and has a halter-neck.
text: MALAHIDE walks into the shop.
scene_heading: 59 INT. MALAHIDE'S BEDROOM DAY
text: We are looking at a reflection of MALAHIDE in the large mirror
text: that covers the inside of his wardrobe door. His real hand and
text: his reflected hand come together at the edge of the door and tip
text: it slightly, changing the image that the mirror shows us.
text: Now we see JULIA. She is in the dress from the shop in the mall.
text: It is a perfect fit and shows her figure off very well. Being a
text: halter-neck, however, her skinned arms and shoulders are
text: completely bare. Also, it is quite low cut at the front, exposing
text: a fair degree of visceral cleavage, and at the back.
text: JULIA turns fully around in front of the mirror examining herself
text: from every angle. Her mood is unreadable until she speaks.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Close it.
text: MALAHIDE does so. He understands and tries to console her..
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: It's a beautiful dress...
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT
scene_heading: 59 INT. LIVING ROOM MALAHIDE'S HOUSE DAY
text: CLOSE UP MALAHIDE'S hands applying wide, white, surgical
text: bandages to JULIA.
text: We pull out as MALAHIDE steps away from JULIA. They are both
text: standing in the middle of the living room floor.
text: JULIA'S arms, torso, and head are now completely enclosed in
text: neatly and professionally applied bandages. There are three slits
text: for her eyes and mouth but apart from these she is completely
text: covered. Over these she is still wearing the white dress.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: There...
text: JULIA lifts her arms slightly to look at them and then touches her
text: bandaged face. She turns towards MALAHIDE. The camera begins the
text: same circling movement it made around them the previous night.
text: MALAHIDE'S nervousness has practically disappeared. He has helped
text: this woman. He has bandaged her and dressed her. He is slightly
text: in awe of her, but it is now tinged with excitement, not fear.
text: The camera's circling grows faster.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Well?
text: JULIA walks towards him, slowly raising her hands. When she is
text: close enough her hands cup his cheeks. She pulls him towards her,
text: and, tipping her head to one side, kisses him. Her body moulds
dialog: itself to his.
text: She leans her head back. Were they have kissed blood has pressed
text: up onto the bandage from her skinned flesh. It looks like smeared
dialog: lipstick.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Well?
text: MALAHIDE puts his arms around her waist. They kiss tenderly.
text: Slowly, almost nervously, he lowers his hands until they rest on
text: her buttocks and presses her in towards him. They begin to spin
text: themselves now, echoing the camera movements.
text: They cross the room, kissing blindly, until they come to rest
text: against the wall that bears JULIA's bloody palm print. JULIA
text: twists their bodies so that MALAHIDE is pressed against the wall,
text: and begins to move her hips forcefully and sensually against
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE.
text: The camera is stationary now, watching without movement as
text: MALAHIDE begins to raise JULIA's dress up her legs, her hand
text: on his wrist, helping and encouraging.
text: About halfway up the thigh, the bandaging disappears and the
text: raw flesh is exposed.
text: The kissing and the fumbling continue until they are making
text: fast and violent love against the wall.
text: His hands clutch tightly at her hips and he pulls his face away
text: from the kissing to loan it on her shoulder so that we see his
text: face as it grimaces in ecstasy.
text: He cries out and shudders and slowly both their movements stop.
text: He strokes at her back gently and their bodies relax.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: (almost coyly)
dialog: Now all we need is a skin.
scene_heading: 60 INT. BATHROOM KYLE'S APARTMENT DAY
text: CLOSE UP on shower jets hitting KIRSTY's face and naked
dialog: shoulders.
text: Her eyes are closed, but she smiles in pleasure as the water
text: refreshes her.
text: A knocking is heard. KIRSTY moves her head out of the water's
text: path and shouts.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Yeah?
scene_heading: 61 INT. KYLE'S APARTMENT DAY
text: It is basically a studio apartment - everything except the bathroom
text: facilities is in the one room. There is a sofa - with sheets and
text: blankets on it - a bed, a dining/all-purpose table with two
text: chairs, shelves full of records and books, and a small working
text: desk against one of the walls. The desk is weighed down by text
text: books and notes and, tacked to the wall above it, are medical prints,
text: some of the brain and central nervous system, but also two fullcoloured
text: anatomical prints - one of a man and one of a woman. They could
text: almost be portraits of JULIA and FRANK.
text: KYLE, fully dressed, is standing by the bathroom door, his hand
text: still in a knocking position.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: You O.K.?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Kirsty? You 0. K.?
text: The bathroom door opens and KIRSTY Comes into the main room,
text: dressed in a toweling robe that is clearly a 'hers' not a ‘his'.
text: She crosses the room to a mirror, rubbing at her wet hair with a
dialog: towel.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: No bad dreams.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: So you slept 0.K.?
text: KIRSTY gestures at the sofa.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: As much as that bed of
dialog: nails allowed.
text: KYLE glances meaningfully at the bed as he replies.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Well, the sofa isn't often used
dialog: for sleeping on...
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Oh yeah? On your own a lot,
dialog: Huh?
text: KYLE grins.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Like the robe?
text: KIRSTY returns the smile via the mirror.
text: KYLE crosses the room to sit at his dining table. Empty coffee
text: cups, the remnants of a loaf and some cheese suggests their
dialog: breakfast was simple and finished some time ago.
text: KIRSTY gathers her clothes from by the sofa and moves back into
dialog: the bathroom to dress.
text: KYLE waits a few moments and then speaks.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: I think I need to talk. About
dialog: what I saw.
text: KIRSTY emerges, fully dressed, her hair still damp.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: You thought I was crazy, didn't
dialog: you?
text: KYLE spreads his hands wide.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Jesus, yes! What do you expect.
dialog: I mean, God, I still do! It's
dialog: just that now I'm crazy too.
text: He grins wryly. KIRSTY moves to the sofa and sits down.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: And you're sure it was a woman?
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: God, I wish I could say no.
dialog: This is going to do terrible
dialog: things to my attitude, you know.
text: KIRSTY grins at him.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Don't worry about it. Your
dialog: attitude sucks anyway.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Hey, so for it. Don't let pity
dialog: stop you. I'm down. Nail me.
text: For a moment, they laugh together but then stop. KIRSTY stares
text: downward and then suddenly bursts into tears.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: What can I do? How can I
dialog: save him?
text: KYLE joins her on the sofa. He offers an arm but she shakes it
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: The box. I need the box.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: The box? Like in your story?
dialog: Like in his house?
text: KIRSTY's tears suddenly stop. She looks at KYLE.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: The Boxes. In the House. I
dialog: told you.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: The boxes! I TOLD you.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: You DIDN'T tell me. Do you
dialog: mean Malahide's got...
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Yeah. The things you were
dialog: talking about.
text: KIRSTY heads instantly for KYLE'S door.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I'm going.
text: KYLE runs across the room and puts a restraining hand on his
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Wait a minute. What do you mean,
dialog: "I'm going?’ TO the HOUSE?
text: KIRSTY nods and pulls at the door handle.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Get out of the way.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Are you crazy?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I don't know, Kyle. You're the
dialog: fucking expert. Now get out of
dialog: the way!
speaker_heading: KYLE
speaker_heading: WHY?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Because I'm going to get my father!
text: Tears start to her eyes and she stares at KYLE defiantly. Then
text: she repeats, more softly;
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I'm going to get my father.
text: There is a two-second silence between them as they stare at each
dialog: other.
text: Finally, Kyle backs away from the door, raising a finger.
speaker_heading: KYLE
text: Two seconds. Just two seconds.
dialog: Don't move.
text: He rushes across the room, grabs a jacket, and moves back to the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: O.K. Let's go.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Kyle, you don't have...
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: I KNOW I don't have to. It's
dialog: just my time of the month to be a
dialog: complete fucking idiot. 0.K.?
text: KIRSTY stares at him, her face at first blank then suffused with
text: emotion. She leans across and plants a chaste kiss on his lips
text: then pulls back. There is a beat while they simply stare at each
text: other and suddenly they are tight in each other's arms, kissing
text: fervently. But the kiss is fuelled, not by passion, but by fear
dialog: and their mutual need for human solace in the face of the
dialog: unknown.
text: As the kiss continues, the camera pulls back from them.
scene_heading: 62 INT. THE BLOOD-BOUDOIR DAY
text: CLOSE UP as JULIA (still bandaged) and MALAHIDE come together for
text: a kiss. They part and, as JULIA moves across the room, the camera
text: begins a long TRACK around the room.
text: First, it reaches a naked GIRL. As catatonic as TIFFANY, she says
text: nothing but her eyes betray her terror. Her hands are tied above
dialog: her.
text: JULIA moves in towards the girl, her eyes glittering with an alien
text: hunger beneath their gauze mask. As she nears the girl, the TRACK
text: passes them and moves through the room.
text: MALAHIDE has done his mistress proud. It had been an empty
text: upstairs room (no furniture, bare floorboards) but now it
text: resembles a nightmarish cross between a butcher's shop and a
dialog: bordello.
text: The camera slowly reveals, as it TRACKS, that there are seven
text: more people in the room. Seven dead people. Dried-out husks.
text: The TRACKING is now completing its circle around the room. After
text: the corpses, we return to JULIA and the GIRL - but the GIRL too
text: is now a hollow, dried-out shell.
text: JULIA moves back into the centre of the room and stands still.
text: MALAHIDE crosses the room to her quickly, drawing a wicked-
text: looking kitchen knife from his pocket as he does so. He reaches
text: JULIA and raises the knife to her face.
text: With one swift, precise movement, he slices the bandages across
text: the side of her face. JULIA raises her hand and pulls the mask
dialog: away.
text: The camera sweeps in toward her as she does this until her face
text: is in CLOSE UP as the bandage-mask is pulled aside.
text: Her face is perfect.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. MALAHIDE'S HOUSE DAY
text: MALAHIDE emerges from his front door. He is still in his black
text: suit and looks every inch the respectable professional. He looks
text: neither left nor right but moves straight off, a busy man with
dialog: things to do.
text: A few seconds after he has gone off-camera, KYLE and KIRSTY
text: emerge from around the corner of the house.
text: KYLE gestures to KIRSTY to follow him and leads her around to the
text: window he broke in through on the previous night.
scene_heading: 64 INT. OBSESSION ROOM DAY
text: The room is much as we saw it last.
text: The window slides up and KYLE pulls himself into the room. He
text: looks around it carefully. Sure that the monster he saw the
text: previous night is no longer in the room, he helps KIRSTY in
text: through the window.
text: KIRSTY's eyes go at once to the three LAMENT CONFIGURATIONS in
text: the glass cases. She crosses the room eagerly.
text: KYLE rushes after her and stops her opening one of the cases.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Wait! The .. thing
dialog: I want to be sure it's
dialog: not here.
text: KIRSTY nods and KYLE leaves the room.
scene_heading: 65 INT. STAIRS/LANDING MALAHIDE'S HOUSE DAY
text: KYLE advances carefully, and slowly, from the stairs onto the
text: landing. He looks about him at every step he takes.
text: Ahead of him on the landing is a door, which is very slightly
dialog: ajar.
text: He advances gingerly down the landing to the door.
text: When he reaches it, he pauses. We see his face working as he
text: ponders his choices -should he push it open inch by slow inch, or
dialog: slam it inwards quickly?
text: very slowly he moves his hand towards the door. The camera
text: matches his movement, moving in on his hand, the door, and the
dialog: space between.
text: His fingertips are less than an inch from touching the door when
text: another hand shoots into view and grabs his wrist.
text: JULIA has crept up beside him on the landing while all his
text: attention was on the door.
text: KYLE swings round in horror, his mouth opening to scream when he
text: sees that JULIA has her other hand to her mouth, her finger at
text: her lips in a silencing gesture.
dialog: There is of course, nothing for him to recognize from the
text: monstrous vision of the previous night. JULIA's arms, chest, and
text: face are completely re-skinned now. All KYLE sees is a beautiful
text: stranger in a white dress.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Sssh. I think it's still here.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: What? The...The thing?
speaker_heading: JULIA nods.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Yes. I had to stop you going in
dialog: there because I knew you'd cry
dialog: out. Any normal person would.
dialog: It ...It's just TERRIBLE.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Is it in there?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: No. Not now.
text: KYLE swallows, nods, and gently, pushes the door open. He walks
text: into the room.
scene_heading: 66 INT. THE BLOOD-BOUDOIR DAY
text: The camera follows KYLE into the room. He reaches the middle
text: before horror and disgust stop him.
text: He hears a click behind him and turns to see JULIA has come into
text: the room and closes the door behind her. She looks at KYLE.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Was I right? Is it terrible?
text: KYLE stares all around him. All eight victims have been sucked
text: dry. He is surrounded by dead husks.
text: His face is ghastly. He looks like he is about to faint. He nods.
text: His voice is a cracked whisper.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Yes. Yes, it's terrible.
text: JULIA crosses the room rapidly towards him. Her face is a
dialog: picture of concern.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Oh. You look awful. You poor
dialog: boy. Come here
dialog: 
text: As she speaks, JULIA's arms are opening out to him. KYLE sees the
text: comfort offered and advances towards her, too.
text: As they come together, the camera moves around them and we see,
text: for the first time, that JULIA is still incomplete; Her entire
text: back is still glistening raw flesh, the naked bones of the spine
text: still clearly visible.
text: Their arms go around each other just as JULIA completes her
dialog: speech;
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: +..Come to Mother
text: As KYLE's hands touch the sticky, mucoid meat of her shoulders,
text: it is instantly clear to him what has happened. For a moment he
text: freezes in terror.
text: His arms fly from her and he throws his head back. But JULIA is
text: very strong now and her grip does not relax.
text: Kyle's expression is a mixture of terror and confusion as he
text: stares into the beautiful face of the monster.
text: JULIA smiles at him, a hungry, aroused smile.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: What's your name?
text: KYLE can hardly speak for fear.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Kyle...
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I'm JULIA.
text: She raised one hand from his back to the back of his head and
text: presses his face to hers.
text: JULIA plays it exactly as a sensual, passionate kiss, her mouth
text: wide open, her head moving rhythmically and sinuously.
text: KYLE's reaction is somewhat different; his arms flail in panic
text: (though only from the elbow - JULIA'S grip prevents anything
text: more) and his head makes jerking, backward movements against her
text: pressing hand.
text: The camera moves around the embracing couple until it is behind
speaker_heading: JULIA.
text: The back of her gown, as we know, is extremely low. As the kiss
text: continues, we see skin creeping above the line of the gown at the
text: base of her spine and gradually flowing up her back until finally
text: it meets and blends perfectly with ragged and raw edges of the
text: skin at her neck and shoulders. JULIA is complete again.
text: While this process has been going on, KYLE has been dying slowly
text: and horribly in her arms, his lifeforce being sucked into her
text: through their open mouths. His body, by the time her back is
text: completely formed, is shrunken, hollow, and dried up.
text: JULIA takes her arms from around the corpse of KYLE and steps
text: back, allowing the husk to fall to the floor.
text: JULIA licks her lips and looks down, not without affection, at
text: the dead KYLE. She smiles.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Thank you, Kyle.
scene_heading: 67 INT. OBSESSION ROOM DAY
text: KIRSTY has found the black ring-binder and laid it on the
dialog: writing table.
text: She has separated one of the photographs from the others and laid
text: it out on the table beside the binder. It is the ENGLISH OFFICER
text: from the opening sequence. KIRSTY has obviously recognized something
text: familiar in it but she can't quite grasp it completely.
text: She is still puzzling over it when she suddenly realises that
text: several minutes have elapsed since KYLE left her there. Her
text: head straightens up and her puzzled look is replaced by a
text: slightly worried one.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Kyle...?
text: She folds up the photograph and puts it in her pocket.
text: She crosses to the door and opens it. She does not go through it
text: immediately but stands in the doorway for a moment, her hand
text: still on the door, cocking her head slightly as if listening.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: (slightly louder)
dialog: Kyle?
text: She can't hear anything, but she regards that as a bad sign, not
text: a good one. She leaves the room.
scene_heading: 68 INT. STAIRS/LANDING DAY
text: KIRSTY makes her way up the stairs. Unlike KYLE a little earlier
text: she moves up them quite quickly and advances onto the landing.
text: When she is on the landing and looking at the closed door to
text: JULIA's Boudoir she stops, standing still and staring at the
dialog: door.
text: KIRSTY suppresses a shudder. She bites her lip, takes two or
text: three deep breaths, crosses to the door firmly, and flings it
text: open, moving into the room even as she does so.
scene_heading: 69 INT. THE BLOOD-BOUDOIR DAY
text: KIRSTY moves three or four steps into the room and then stops
text: dead. The door swings shut behind her.
text: KIRSTY's eyes flick left and right, taking in the sickening
text: details of the room's contents, and then stare straight ahead,
text: focusing on the figure in white which is turning around to face
dialog: her.
text: JULIA completes her turn and looks at KIRSTY completely
text: impassively for a moment. Then her mouth opens up into a smile of
text: welcome - but there is nothing but hate in her eyes.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Kirsty! How nice of
dialog: you to drop in.
text: JULIA glances meaningfully at the dead thing that lies beside her
text: feet and then back at KIRSTY.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: You have surprisingly good taste in men.
text: KIRSTY's fear and disgust are momentarily displaced by a furious
text: rage as she realises what JULIA has done. Her face erupts into
text: anger and she screams out.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Kyle! No! I'll kill you,
dialog: you...
text: She flings herself across the room at JULIA even as she speaks.
text: JULIA is completely unphased by this attack and simply raises one
text: arm. She siezes the wrist of the arm that KIRSTY has raised into
text: a clenched fist and effortlessly throws KIRSTY bodily back across
text: the room. We realise for the first time the immense physical
text: strength that JULIA now possesses.
text: KIRSTY smashes into the door and falls to a sitting position
text: against it. She is shaken and slightly hurt enough not to get to
text: her feet immediately but she stares at JULIA with undimmed
dialog: hatred.
text: JULIA throws a look halfway between a smile and a sneer.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Oh, you can try it, you
dialog: little bitch. I'd love you
dialog: to try it. But I'm not just
dialog: the woman I was.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: What, you mean you're something
text: more than a whore with a vicious
dialog: streak?
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I mean I'm something more than
dialog: human, you little shit!
text: JULIA snaps this first line but then holds her anger in check.
text: She shakes her head and an amused smile plays across her lips.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Oh, Kirsty. They didn't tell
dialog: you, did they? I'm afraid
dialog: they've changed the rules of
dialog: the fairy tale; I'm no longer
dialog: just the wicked step-mother.
text: The smile disappears and she delivers the next line with an
text: utterly straight face. It is, after all, the truth.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Now I'm the Evil Queen.
text: The hatred and the heat returns to her voice.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: So come on; Take your best
dialog: shot, Snow White.
text: KIRSTY scrambles to her feet and again charges at JULIA.
text: JULIA steps forward to meet her advance and delivers a single
text: back-handed swipe across KIRSTY's face with such force that not
text: only is the girl knocked off her feet but is actually knocked
text: unconscious.
text: KIRSTY rolls onto her back and lies at JULIA's feet.
text: JULIA stares down at the unconscious body. When it was awake, it
dialog: was KIRSTY and her attitude to it was based on personal enmity.
dialog: Now, it is simply another body and she judges it differently; it
text: is firm, full, healthy, and young. We see the expression on her
text: face change from hatred and triumph to pure appetite. She licks
text: her lips and her eyes glisten. She begins to bend slightly
text: towards it.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: (off-camera)
dialog: Julia!
text: The door to the room opens. JULIA straightens up and looks as
text: MALAHIDE stands in the doorway. Her eyebrows question this
dialog: interruption.
text: A second later, and it is explained. He leads TIFFANY into the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT
scene_heading: 70 INT. OBSESSION ROOM DAY
text: TIFFANY sits cross-legged in the middle of the floor. She appears
text: to be alone in the room. Cradled in her lap is a Lament
text: Configuration, taken from one of the glass cases on the low
dialog: table.
text: On a wall behind TIFFANY, one of the large prints that previously
text: hung there has been taken down.
text: Revealed in the space behind it is a large mirror. The camera
text: moves in towards this mirror.
scene_heading: 71 INT. OBSESSION ROOM ALCOVE DAY
text: MALAHIDE and JULIA stand in a tiny and completely bare room. On the
text: wall in front of them is a large window through which we see a
text: back-view of TIFFANY in the obsession room.
scene_heading: 72 INT. OBSESSION ROOM DAY
text: TIFFANY looks around the room generally and then turns her
text: attention completely to the LAMENT CONFIGURATION.
text: She picks it up and turns it around in her hands, studying each
text: of its faces intently.
text: She begins trying to move the interlinked pieces within it. At
text: first she has no success; the box appears to be one solid
text: construction with no internal movement possible.
text: She stops her attempts and studies it again for a moment, her face
text: still impassive. Then she gives a tiny smile and begins again.
text: Her movements are faster now, less tentative.
text: Suddenly, there is a click and one of the panels on-the box
text: slides out slightly. The little music-box tune begins to play.
text: To TIFFANY this is a marvelous reward - something the jigsaw
text: never offered - and she lets out a little sound in response,
text: somewhere between a sigh and a delighted giggle. It tempts her to
text: even greater skill and her delighted fingers fly over the box.
text: Another panel moves. Then two more. The tune is prettier and
dialog: fuller.
scene_heading: 73 INT. OBSESSION ROOM ALCOVE DAY
text: MALAHIDE stares fixedly through the window, nervous but terribly
text: excited. He is breathing rapidly and shallowly.
text: Through the glass, TIFFANY's success continues. Small flashes of
text: intense blue light begin to buzz around the box. The room grows
text: darker and cracks begin to appear in its walls.
text: JULIA seems quietly amused - both by what is going on in the room
text: and by MALAHIDE's heated response to it. She glances from one to
text: the other, her eyes twinkling.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: You're sure this is what you
dialog: want?
text: MALAHIDE doesn't take his eyes from the window.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: It's what I've ALWAYS
dialog: wanted. A view of
dialog: beyond.
text: He pauses. Perhaps he is being ungallant. He turns slightly
text: towards JULIA and takes her hand.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: You were almost enough, Julia
dialog: but...I have to see. I have to
speaker_heading: KNOW.
text: JULIA smiles indulgently. She nods.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Oh, I quite understand.
scene_heading: 74 INT. OBSESSION ROOM DAY
text: TIFFANY is completely engrossed in the box. She seems blissfully
text: unaware of the changes taking place in the room.
text: The cracks have widened in the walls and, in some places, pieces
text: of plaster have fallen away, revealing the slats beneath.
text: Blue light begins to stream into the room, ignoring the geography
text: of what should lie beyond its walls. Where the light comes
text: through the slats, it is as broad beams of light, given contrast
text: by the shadows of the slats. But it also comes through the
text: smaller cracks and enters the room in intensely bright and very
text: thin beams that criss-cross through the room almost like a laser
dialog: display.
text: Suddenly, TIFFANY's solution is complete. The central core of the
text: box rises up and twists itself around into its final position.
scene_heading: 75 INT. OBSESSION ROOM ALCOVE DAY
text: MALAHIDE takes an almost involuntary step backward. His
text: excitement has now reached the pitch where it is beyond obvious
text: physical manifestation. He is perfectly still, his face perfectly
text: impassive.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: She's done it.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: She certainly has.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: It's coming.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: It certainly is.
text: MALAHIDE turns away to meet her eyes.
text: There is a beat or two where absolutely nothing happens.
text: The mirror explodes inwards into the alcove.
scene_heading: 76 INT. OBSESSION ROOM DAY
text: The room is filled with smoke and suffused with blue light.
text: Two of the walls simply part physically, revealing entrances into
text: the corridors of Hell. These corridors are lined with gray walls
text: and seem to run for a great distance.
text: TIFFANY still sits cross-legged in the middle of the floor,
text: staring about her in astonishment.
text: Surrounding her, in various parts of the room, are the four
scene_heading: CENOBITES from HELLRAISER.
text: The FEMALE CENOBITE smiles and advances towards TIFFANY.
text: The leader of the CENOBITES, PINHEAD raises a hand.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Wait.
text: The FEMALE stops and looks questioningly at PINHEAD.
text: PINHEAD, at a more leisurely pace, crosses towards TIFFANY and
text: looks down at her. She stares back at him, the remnants of her
text: insanity a temporary defense against fear, her face registering
dialog: nothing.
text: PINHEAD looks up.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: No.
text: The FEMALE looks across at him.
speaker_heading: CENOBITE
dialog: No?
text: PINHEAD shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: No.
text: He glances down at TIFFANY again.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: It is not HANDS that call us...
text: He looks up and stares directly at the shattered two-way mirror.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: It is DESIRE.
scene_heading: 77 INT. OBSESSION ROOM ALCOVE DAY
text: The wall opposite the shattered mirror has also opened up to
text: reveal a way into Hell.
text: MALAHIDE and JULIA are no longer in the alcove.
text: We hear the ringing of their footsteps. They are making their way
text: down the corridor.
scene_heading: 78 INT. OBSESSION ROOM DAY
text: The four CENOBITES have gone.
text: TIFFANY looks around the room again. She stares from one entrance
text: to the other. Her manner is reminiscent of when she is making
text: decisions during her solving of puzzles.
scene_heading: 79 INT. BLOOD-BOUDOIR DAY
text: KIRSTY is still on the floor in the boudoir of blood. This room
text: too is now suffused with blue light and smoke. There are no
text: gateways to Hell in the walls but there are several cracks in the
text: plaster and these appear to be spreading.
text: KIRSTY moans and opens her eyes gingerly. She puts a hand to her
text: face, rubbing at the place where JULIA hit her.
text: Still a little groggy, she lifts herself slowly to a sitting
text: position, her legs stretched out. Only when she has blinked a few
text: times, shaken her head, and rubbed her jaw again, does full
text: consciousness return - at which point she looks quickly about the
text: room ( possibly expecting another attack from JULIA) and notices
text: the light and the smoke.
dialog: She has been in this atmosphere before. She knows precisely what
text: it means. Her mouth opens and her eyes grow nervous again.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Oh, shit.
text: KIRSTY scrambles quickly to her feet and rushes through the door
text: to the stairs.
scene_heading: 80 INT. OBSESSION ROOM DAY
text: KIRSTY enters the room just as TIFFANY is about to go down one of
text: the corridors. KIRSTY screams at her.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: No!
text: TIFFANY stops, startled, and looks at the doorway and KIRSTY.
text: KIRSTY raises her hands in a placatory gesture and speaks more
text: softly.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Wait. Wait.
text: KIRSTY begins to move into the room slowly and shakes her head
dialog: gently.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Hey, remember me? From the
dialog: hospital? I was in the next room?
text: KIRSTY is rewarded with a small recognizing smile from TIFFANY,
text: KIRSTY returns the smile.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: You don't want to go down
dialog: there. You REALLY don't
dialog: want to go down there.
text: TIFFANY turns her head once more to look down the corridor and
text: then turns back to KIRSTY. For a second it looks as if KIRSTY's
text: persuasions have succeeded, but MALAHIDE's training has been too
text: thorough; TIFFANY knows a puzzle when she sees one. She smiles
text: once more at KIRSTY and then suddenly turns and disappears into
dialog: the corridor.
text: KIRSTY stands still for a moment, as if she can't quite believe
text: that TIFFANY has done it. She shakes her head - half in disbelief
text: and half in despair.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Jesus Christ.
text: Pausing only to pick up the LAMENT CONFIGURATION from where
text: TIFFANY has left it on the floor, She heads straight for the
text: corridor and follows TIFFANY in.
scene_heading: 81 INT. CORRIDORS/LABYRINTH
text: We are looking straight down one of the very long corridors of
dialog: Hell.
text: It has the same architecture as the corridor that appeared in the
text: hospital room in HELLRAISER; walls of stained gray stone broken
text: up by vaguely medieval-looking arches.
text: KIRSTY comes into view, walking away from the camera. Ahead of
text: her, at an illogically far distance given that she entered the
text: corridor only seconds before KIRSTY, is TIFFANY.
text: KIRSTY breaks into a slight run, and calls out to the girl.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Tiffany. Wait!
text: Her voice has an unpleasant ring in the acoustics of these
text: corridors and echos horribly. KIRSTY pulls a face and doesn't
text: shout again. She increases her pace slightly.
text: Suddenly TIFFANY makes a sharp turn and enters an intersecting
text: corridor. KIRSTY is forced to increase her speed even more.
text: KIRSTY too makes the turn into another corridor. Even as she does
text: so, she sees TIFFANY disappearing again into yet another
dialog: intersection.
text: KIRSTY follows and, again, the same thing happens.
text: This happens several times and, always, KIRSTY never quite loses
text: sight of TIFFANY but never quite catches up with her either.
dialog: In short, TIFFANY's instincts were absolutely right; this too is
text: another puzzle. The girls are lost in a concrete maze, full of
text: twists and turns and labyrinthine windings.
text: After enough turns have been made to completely confuse KIRSTY's
text: sense of direction, she makes a final turn into one corridor and
text: sees something different.
text: At the end of this corridor is a blinding white light. As soon as
text: KIRSTY sees the light, the air is filled with beautiful
text: birdsong.
text: TIFFANY disappears into the light as soon as KIRSTY sees it.
text: Despite the light, despite the birdsong, KIRSTY is still
text: suspicious and shouts out.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Tiffany! Don't trust it! Don't
dialog: Trust it!
text: But it is too late. The girl is gone. KIRSTY follows-and vanishes
text: into the light.
scene_heading: 82 INT. CORRIDORS/LABYRINTH
text: JULIA and MALAHIDE are seen in the corridors of the labyrinth.
text: MALAHIDE's face is full of delight. He is absolutely the
text: enchanted visitor.
text: JULIA, on the other hand, walks with the brisk assurance of one
text: on familiar territory.
text: The corridors that MALAHIDE sees are different to KIRSTY'S; they
text: are grotto-like, dotted with stalactites and stalagmites and not
text: immediately unattractive. The walls contain portals of a glass-
text: like substance at random intervals that emit blooming lights of
text: different colors and MALAHIDE peers eagerly into several of these.
text: In one, the view is like an aquarium. An alien fish swims past his
text: eyes. Its body resembles a human brain but it has pincer-like claws.
text: MALAHIDE presses his hand against the glass as the thing comes nearer.
text: Suddenly, from within its body, the thing produces a perfect
text: human forearm and hand and meets MALAHIDE's hand on the other
text: side of the glass.
text: MALAHIDE starts slightly but then keeps his hand there. He is
text: turning his head to call JULIA's attention to this marvel when
text: the thing suddenly forms a fist and begins to beat against the
text: glass with tremendous force.
text: MALAHIDE jumps back sharply, but the thing shatters the glass and
text: leaps out at him. He gasps and runs up the corridor, the thing
text: hopping after him on its one hand.
text: As they pass JULIA, she tuts with the slightly exasperated but
text: indulgent tone of a parent or a teacher. She steps on the thing,
text: squashing it flat. It emits a horrible death-cry.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Do be careful.
scene_heading: 83 INT. HELL'S SITTING ROOM DAY
text: White light fills the screen and KIRSTY steps through it into
text: view. Instantly the White light contracts and disappears.
text: KIRSTY finds herself standing in a beautiful family sitting room.
text: The room is bathed in the warm light of a perfect summer's day.
text: The birdsong KIRSTY heard earlier continues but is, if anything,
text: even more melodic, even more sweet.
text: The room is vaguely Edwardian in its decor; real wood furnishings
text: and decorative porcelain ornaments. There is a large wooden
text: dresser, on top of which are many photographs in old-fashioned
text: brass frames.
text: Despite herself, KIRSTY cannot resist a smile of pure pleasure at
text: the appearance of the room.
text: She touches some of the furniture, as if to assure herself it is
dialog: real.
text: She approaches the dresser and picks up one of the large framed
text: photographs. She gasps in pleasure.
text: We see the photograph. It is a family group and looks to be have
text: been taken ten to twenty years ago. It is of a man, a woman, and
text: a young girl of four or five.
text: The man is clearly LARRY, albeit a younger version, and the
text: little girl has dark, thick, slightly curly hair - just like
text: KIRSTY'S. The woman is beautiful and has similar hair to her
dialog: daughter.
text: KIRSTY's eyes prick with tears - but they are clearly tears of
text: happy memories. She smiles.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Mommy...
text: KIRSTY puts down the photograph of her family and looks around
text: the room again. A troubled look crosses her face.
text: Despite the aparent Summer light in the room, KIRSTY suddenly
text: realises what it is that is odd.
text: She looks from wall to wall with mounting distress on her face.
text: There are no windows in the room. And no door.
text: At this point, the odd discordant note in the birdsong becomes
text: apparent. It is nothing too obvious at the moment - the total
dialog: effect is simply less sweet than it was.
text: KIRSTY looks back at the photograph and snatches it up, with a
text: look of concern.
text: The photograph has changed. It is now a wedding photo. The
text: wedding of LARRY and JULIA.
text: Suddenly the photograph begins to bleed. Blood pours from the
text: paper itself, pressing up and smearing against the glass-so that
text: it is momentarily framed blood, without a single trace of the
text: picture showing. The blood begins to escape out of the frame,
text: trickling over the lip that holds the glass in place and dripping
text: onto KIRSTY's fingers.
text: With a cry of horror, KIRSTY drops the frame. It lands on the
text: floor and the glass shatters. The blood continues to flow. In
text: fact, now that the glass does not restrain it, it fairly
text: fountains out, spreading across the floor.
text: KIRSTY steps back and glances at the dresser. Blood is flowing
text: from every frame, pooling on the dresser and overflowing onto the
dialog: floor.
text: By now, the discordant elements in the birdsong are very much
text: predominant and, as KIRSTY sweeps all the frames off the dresser
text: and onto the floor with a scream of anguish, the birdsong gives
text: way completely to a hideous, dissonant shrieking.
text: KIRSTY throws her hands to her ears.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Nooooo!
text: She rushes at one of the walls and begins beating it with her
dialog: fists.
text: The walls are soft and pulpy and give slightly as her fists
text: strike, like flabby flesh. KIRSTY stands back in disgust.
text: The wall visibly bruises before her eyes, swelling and purpling.
text: The light in the room, like the birdsong, has changed utterly. It
text: is not dark, but simply dull, featureless, and depressing.
text: KIRSTY turns away in disgust and finds that the whole room has
text: given in to decay. The sofas and chairs are mildewed and rotten,
text: the wooden furniture is ridden with woodworm and rot. A skinned rat
text: runs across the room beside the buckled and chipped skirting board.
text: A rotten leg gives way under a small chest and the bottom drawer
text: spills out, freeing a whole family of quite large spiders which
text: run wildly across the floor.
text: Suddenly the room begins to fill with smoke, churned up by an
text: ever-increasing intensity of wind. The smoke obscures the screen.
scene_heading: 84 INT. BARE CHAMBER HELL
text: The smoke and wind subside but not entirely.
text: KIRSTY is standing in exactly the same position in a room of
text: exactly the same proportions, but which is completely empty and
text: which has walls of the same gray stone that the corridors do.
text: Suddenly, rising up from behind KIRSTY, comes PINHEAD.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Ah, Kirsty. And we thought
dialog: we'd lost you.
text: KIRSTY swings round in terror. As the mist continues to clear,
text: she sees, advancing to join PINHEAD, the FEMALE CENOBITE and the
text: CHATTERER. Beyond them, it is now revealed, that this chamber has
text: no fourth wall; it gives directly onto the corridors
speaker_heading: FEMALE CENOBITE
dialog: So sweet of you to come back.
text: KIRSTY begins to work furiously at the BOX she has brought from
text: MALAHIDE's house. It sent them away at the end of HELLRAISER.
text: She obviously hopes it will work again.
text: PINHEAD raises a hand and the box simply flies out of KIRSTY's
text: hands and hovers in the air between them. KIRSTY stares, open-
dialog: mouthed.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: How can it send us back, child?
dialog: We're already here. And so are you.
text: Suddenly PINHEAD works at the box himself - by remote control and
text: with dazzling skill.
text: He turns the box rapidly through positions KIRSTY and we have
text: never seen before - even opening it out at one stage into a
text: large, two-dimensional square. Finally, it closes itself down -
text: but in a wholly new shape; a white, multi-faceted, diamond shape
text: - and drops back into KIRSTY's hands.
text: He stares at KIRSTY and makes a small gesture with his brow. It
dialog: is ALMOST cute. If anything, it resembles the cocky, aren't-I-
text: clever look STEVE gave KIRSTY after swallowing the cigarette in
text: HELLRAISER. Then his face assumes its normal deadly blankness.
text: KIRSTY shakes her head dumbly and begins to back into a corner,
text: hoping that if they converge on her, she might just be able to
text: slip around them and get back to the labyrinth.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: No! You... You can't! It wasn't
dialog: me...I didn't do it! I didn't
dialog: open the box!
speaker_heading: FEMALE CENOBITE
dialog: Didn't open the box. And what was it
dialog: last time? Didn't know what the box
dialog: was. And yet we DO keep finding each
dialog: other, don't we?
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Oh, Kirsty; so eager to play, so
dialog: reluctant to admit it.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CENOBITE
dialog: Perhaps you're teasing us. Are
dialog: you teasing us?
text: To some extent, KIRSTY's ploy is working. The CENOBITES are
text: moving closer together as they advance to the corner in which she
dialog: stands.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: But I didn't open it! I didn't!
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Then why are you here?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I've come for my father!
text: KIRSTY shouts this with brave defiance. PINHEAD laughs in
text: response, a very unattractive sound.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: But he's in his own Hell, child
text: And quite unreachable.
text: Suddenly KIRSTY makes her break shouting out as she does so.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I don't believe you!
text: It seems for a moment she has succeeded. She swings around the
text: side of the CENOBITES and begins to run across the chamber.
text: The CENOBITES do not move but suddenly, from nowhere a hook flies
text: across the room, attached to a metal chain. The hook buries
text: itself in the wall only inches in front of KIRSTY's face, the
text: chain pulled tight and barring her path. The wall begins to
dialog: bleed.
text: KIRSTY screams.
text: The CENOBITES turn to face her, but make no attempt to cross the
text: room to her new position.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: But it's true, He is his own Hell.
dialog: Just as you are in yours.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: And what about you?
text: PINHEAD almost smiles at the naivete of the question.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: It's different for us.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CENOBITE
dialog: We've always been here.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: We have no more surprises.
text: Suddenly, as quickly as it came, the hook withdraws from the wall
text: and flies back into nothingness.
text: PINHEAD puts out his hand in an expansive gesture.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: But, please; feel free.
dialog: Explore. We'll always
dialog: be here...
scene_heading: 85 INT. CORRIDOR
text: KIRSTY can't quite believe this but she has no intention of
text: questioning it. She runs into the corridor and away, with
text: PINHEAD's last words echoing after her.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: we have Eternity to
dialog: know your flesh!
text: Delighted CENOBITE laughter follows her back into the labyrinth.
text: KIRSTY drops the transformed BOX into her pocket as she
text: begins running through the corridors again. The labyrinth
text: seems tighter now - the corridors shorter, the turns sharper.
text: Corner after corner we see KIRSTY turn.
text: Accompanying this tightening, the light in the corridors becomes
text: gradually murkier - not quite dark, more like the oppressive
text: colourlessness that descends before a thunderstorm breaks.
text: Occasionally there are little hissing noises from the walls
text: themselves, which are accompanied by small jets of dull and heavy
text: smoke escaping between the bricks.
text: Over all this, there grows in volume on the soundtrack a
text: rhythmic, labored, resonant sound - a sound somewhere between
text: breathing and machinery.
text: Suddenly, as KIRSTY turns one more corner, a hand reaches out to
text: touch her.
text: KIRSTY throws herself back against the far wall of the corridor,
text: unsure whether to fight or flee. Then her face relaxes. It is
speaker_heading: TIFFANY.
scene_heading: 86 INT. CORRIDORS/LABYRINTH
text: In another corridor within the labyrinth, MALAHIDE and JULIA are
dialog: walking.
text: They too have found their way into the inner sections. They too
text: are in tighter, sharper corridors where the light is distressing.
text: They too hear the machine-like breathing noise. And what is
text: revealed behind the portals in the corridor walls is less
text: ambiguous in its unpleasantness; in one we see CHATTERER in some
text: Hell's equivalent of a beauty salon. He is being re-made. This
text: involves the scar tissue being manually peeled from the upper
text: part of his face to reveal beneath small, vicious, human eyes.
text: MALAHIDE's attitude has begun to change, as well. His nervousness
text: now clearly outweighs his delight. He’ rushes on to the next
dialog: portal.
dialog: If the last room was a beauty salon, this is the orgy room. But
text: the orgy is very strange. It is a very dark room, filled with a
text: faint layer of smoke. In the background, a bound man is having
text: his chest licked by a kneeling woman. She pulls her face back for
text: a moment. Her tongue is horrifically long and studded with short,
text: sharp blades. The man's chest is stripped of skin where she has
text: been attending him. His face is a picture of ecstasy.
text: In the foreground, three people are buried up to their waists in
text: the floor. They are naked. The one in the middle is a woman, the
text: other two, men. The one in front of her faces her, the one behind
text: has his back to her back. They are all very, close. The men have
text: various hooks in their chests, connected by chains to the unseen
text: walls and their faces are impassive. The woman is unwounded and
text: her head flicks back and forth, as if in the grip of a sexual
text: climax of stunning ferocity. The movements of her head keep the
text: details of her features blurred until, finally, it turns to give
text: MALAHIDE a three-quarter profile and holds its position, its
text: mouth open, its eyes half-closed in pleasure. It is JULIA's face.
text: MALAHIDE gasps and pulls back from the portal. The camera TRACKS
text: back to reveal that JULIA is still in the corridor, just a few
text: yards in front of him
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Come. I have such sights to show you.
text: MALAHIDE shakes his head crazily from side to side and begins to
text: back away.
text: JULIA looks at him and walks toward him slowly. She smiles. She
text: strokes his cheek. She moves closer, gently slipping her arms around
text: him and molding her body to his. She extends her tongue and licks
text: lightly at his lower lip. He opens his mouth and returns the
text: kiss, pressing her body more firmly to him. The kiss becomes
dialog: quite passionate.
scene_heading: 87 INT. CORRIDORS/LABYRINTH
text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY are now walking together.
text: KIRSTY is talking to her as calmly as her sense of urgency will
dialog: allow.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Do you see? You were RIGHT.
dialog: This IS a puzzle, too. But
text: WE'RE CAUGHT in the puzzle.
text: KIRSTY stops walking and catches hold of TIFFANY's arm. TIFFANY
text: stops, looks at the hand holding her arm, and then looks into
text: KIRSTY's eyes.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Yeah?
text: TIFFANY smiles directly at KIRSTY and then returns her nod.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Yeah?
text: TIFFANY nods again, more emphatically.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Yeah!
text: KIRSTY throws her arms around TIFFANY and hugs her.
scene_heading: 88 INT. CORRIDORS/LABYRINTH
text: JULIA is leading MALAHIDE down a corridor which has intersections
text: every few yards on both of its sides.
text: JULIA walks past these shadowed entrances without pause, without
text: a single sidelong glance. She is clearly confident, clearly back
text: on her own turf.
text: MALAHIDE, on the other hand, glances nervously into every one
text: before moving on.
text: There is also one last portal he looks into. He is gazing into
text: a room where the floor is a vast, seething pool of maggots.
text: Suddenly, something breaks the surface. It would doubtless scream
text: were its mouth not full of maggots. It is BROWNING. His nightmare
text: has come true; his skin is producing the maggots in a constant,
text: spewing flow from numerous sores that pack his face.
text: MALAHIDE turns away and calls to JULIA.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Enough. God, that's enough. We
dialog: HAVE to go back.
text: JULIA smiles at him.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Go back? What an earth makes
dialog: you think we can go back?
text: MALAHIDE's jaw drops.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: I want to go back!
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Sorry, friend. No day trips to
dialog: Hell. Here you are. Here you
dialog: stay. And forward the only way
dialog: to go.
text: JULIA turns back and walks an down the corridor.
text: MALAHIDE, with a glance back at the maggot pool, turns after the
text: now departing JULIA.
scene_heading: 89 INT. CORRIDORS/LABYRINTH
text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY are walking warily along a corridor when,
text: suddenly, the corridor wall parts with a roar. Both girls jump,
text: and TIFFANY cries out.
text: A new, and very narrow corridor has been revealed. The GIRLS
text: stare down it. It culminates in a door. Despite being set in a
text: blank gray stone wall, the door is normal. But frightening -
text: because it is an exact replica of the front door of 55 LODOVICO
text: STREET, LARRY's house.
text: Before KIRSTY can react to this, a voice issues from beyond the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Kirsty!
text: KIRSTY stops dead in her tracks. She looks at the door and
text: moves toward it, walking slowly down the corridor. TIFFANY
text: follows.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: (Very Tentatively)
dialog: Daddy...?
text: Only a low moan comes from behind the door.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Tiffany. Wait here. If I'm
dialog: not back real soon - get
dialog: out. Get home.
text: Leaving TIFFANY in the corridor, KIRSTY opens the door and steps
dialog: in.
scene_heading: 90 INT. THE BROTHERS' ROOM
text: The door that KIRSTY opens gives directly on to a room.
text: Like the SITTING ROOM earlier this appears to be an ordinary room
text: and not a stone wall chamber.
text: It's wall-papered walls were once white but are now yellowed and
text: old. Overhead there is an equally ancient four bladed wooden fan
text: that turns sluggishly.
text: In the middle of the floor is a small low table of vaguely
dialog: Eastern design.
text: On this table lie a hand of cards, face down, an empty and cloudy
text: tumbler, and a soiled ashtray.
text: Over by the far wall (the wall opposite to that containing the
text: door) there is a mattress on the floor. A body like shape on this
text: mattress is obscured by a heavy blanket that covers it.
text: To the side of the mattress a latticed wooden screen stands,
text: hiding whatever is behind it from those entering the room. If the
text: atmosphere of the room reminds us of anything it is of the seedy
text: bazaar where FRANK first bought the LAMENT CONFIGURATION.
text: We are looking at the door as it opens inwards and KIRSTY slowly
text: and nervously walks into the room.
text: KIRSTY advances into the room. She stares at the mattress ahead
text: of her. Above it written in blood on the wall, is the message she
text: saw in her vision. I AM IN HELL:HELP ME.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: daddy...
text: A low moan comes from the far end of the room. KIRSTY assumes it
text: issues from the figure hidden beneath the blanket and walks
text: nearer, lifting her arm in readiness to remove the blanket.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Daddy. It's Kirsty...
text: There is no response. KIRSTY arrives at the mattress and pulls
text: the blanket back. She leaps backwards, her hand at her mouth
text: stifling a scream.
text: Lying on the bed is a husk like figure, vaguely female in shape.
text: Despite its appearance of long decay, it is dressed in vaguely
text: sexual garments of leather. Suddenly, the eyes pop open,
text: revealing a vague remnant of life.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Oh God.
text: KIRSTY hurriedly, throws the blanket back over it.
text: A voice issues into the room. It sounds like LARRY but, as we
dialog: shall see, it is not.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: No. Over here. Behind the
dialog: screen.
text: KIRSTY walks carefully around the screen, giving it a wide berth
dialog: in case of a trick.
text: There is a figure standing against the wall behind the screen. It
text: is deeply shadowed by the screen itself but is clearly male.
text: KIRSTY gulps back a sob and her eyes fill with tears.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Daddy... ?
text: The figure leans slowly into the light, speaking as he does
dialog: so.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's it, baby. Come to
dialog: Daddy.
text: KIRSTY stands still. There is a second where her face registers
text: nothing. Then she screams.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: No!
text: it is her UNCLE FRANK, back in his skin and dressed in white
text: shirt and jeans.
text: FRANK chuckles. KIRSTY backs away from him into the room. FRANK
text: puts out his right hand in a placatory gesture. KIRSTY realises
text: he is not moving after her. She also sees that his body is
text: curiously angled, the left side still in the deep shadow cast by
text: the screen. Is there something else there? Something she can't
text: quite see? FRANK's voice stops her wondering.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What's the matter, Kirsty?
dialog: It's only Frank. It's only
dialog: Uncle Frank.
text: KIRSTY's anger at being tricked wins over her fear and distress
text: and she shouts at FRANK in fury.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: I should have known! I should've
dialog: known he wouldn't be here! This
dialog: place is only for filth like you!
text: FRANK sneers.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh, right. Daddy's died and gone
dialog: to heaven, eh?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Shit. Bull. Shit
text: FRANK pauses and smiles. Then he begins to move more fully into
text: the room, shifting his weight as he does so and dragging what was
text: hidden into the light. KIRSTY screams again.
text: FRANK's white shirt is cut off at the left shoulder. His arm is
text: bare and, from the elbow down to the wrist, joined to another
text: forearm. The flesh is completely fused, like that of siamese
text: twins. As FRANK moves into the room, the owner of the other arm
text: is revealed. It is his brother, LARRY. KIRSTY's father.
text: LARRY, like his brother, is dressed in a white shirt (cut off at
text: one shoulder) and jeans and, like his brother, has his skin back.
text: His face is frozen into a permanent expression of terror and he
text: seems incapable of any independent movement, simply being pulled
speaker_heading: along by FRANK.
text: KIRSTY steps back in horror.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: See? He's here. You should le
dialog: to believe your Uncle Frank.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: No! He SHOULDN'T be here! It
dialog: SHOULD'VE been a trick!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 'rraid not, baby. He belongs
dialog: With me. We're the same. Brot.
dialog: Equal and opposite. Pure appe
dialog: Pure banality. Too much feeli
dialog: None at all.
text: KIRSTY's fear of FRANK is now outweighed by her
dialog: argument.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: You're full of shit, Frank Co
dialog: My Dad wasn't like that at al
dialog: He could feel. He could love.
dialog: loved ME.
text: KIRSTY's voice breaks.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: He...he loved me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't waste your tears. Look
dialog: at him!
text: Her hatred for FRANK gives KIRSTY her strength
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: He loved me, you bastard! He
dialog: Loved me, he loved my mother.
dialog: He even loved that bitch you
dialog: betrayed him with!
text: FRANK begins to move towards KIRSTY again, LARR
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Ah, Julia. She hasn't been to
dialog: see me recently. That's why
dialog: it's so nice to have you
dialog: here, baby. Daddy's little gi
dialog: So pretty when she's upset. C
dialog: to Daddy,
text: FRANK is very close to her, now. KIRSTY attempt
dialog: arn
dialog: here.
dialog: hers.
dialog: tite.
dialog: ng.
dialog: contempt for his
dialog: tton.
dialog: 1.
dialog: He
dialog: back.
text: Y dragging behind
dialog: rl.
dialog: ome
dialog: s to run across
text: the room. FRANK siezes her arm and throws her back against the
text: wall. He moves in close and presses against her. His voice is
text: midway between arousal and anger.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Now don't be naughty, Kirsty. or
dialog: I'll have to punish you first.
dialog: Perhaps you'd like that. Would
dialog: you like that?
text: KIRSTY screams and stares pleadingly, at the still frozen LARRY.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Daddy! Daddy! I love you! Help me!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm your Daddy now, Kirsty.
text: FRANK leans in to kiss the terrified KIRSTY.
text: Suddenly, a hand appears at FRANK's throat and hurls him off
text: KIRSTY. It is LARRY, roused by his daughter's cries.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Get your fucking hands off
dialog: my daughter, you bastard!
text: Suddenly, the room, previously full of slow movements and
text: tension, is full of furious, violent action as the fused brothers
text: kick, tear, and punch at each other in a paroxysm of killing
dialog: hatred.
scene_heading: 91 INT. THE CENTRE OF HELL
text: MALAHIDE and JULIA are at the end of a corridor. They turn into
text: an open space. A vast open space. It is desert-like in its
text: expanse, almost vanishing into infinity at its furthest reaches.
text: It is criss-crossed by catwalks, on one of which MALAHIDE and
text: JULIA now stand. Beside these catwalks, the ground falls away
text: into mile-deep, dark, abysses.
text: Above the catwalks, dominating the huge space, is the master of
text: the labyrinth.
text: The master, LEVIATHAN, is a monumentally huge, white, multi-
text: faceted diamond, spinning on its own axis, entirely unsupported
dialog: by any physical means, above its territory.
dialog: Apart from its very immensity, the most unsettling thing about
text: LEVIATHAN are the beams of black light that shine out from the
text: corners of all its many facets. Due to the fast spinning, these
text: beams shoot and swoop around the chamber, like a negative laser
text: display of dazzling complexity.
text: The sound that has been in the corridors is now magnified. It is
text: the sound of LEVIATHAN's breath.
text: MALAHIDE has walked the last few yards like a man in shock. Now
text: a black beam strikes his face and images of horror flash before
text: his eyes at almost subliminal speed. His face suddenly crumbles
text: into an expression of incredulous terror, he makes a noise
text: halfway between screaming and retching, and drops to his knees by
text: the edge of the catwalk.
text: Unfortunately, this allows him to look down into LEVIATHAN's pit.
text: Looking down with him, we are given a sudden and vertiginously
text: sickening realization of Hell's immensities. There is a drop of
text: miles visible down the pit and, all the way down, as far as the
text: eye can see, there are other catwalks cutting across the pit at
dialog: various angles.
text: MALAHIDE looks back up, his scream renewed by his sight of the
text: pit. Two or three of the beams of black light flit across his
text: face, filling his eyes with more subliminal images of horror as they
text: pass; a child, a knife, and a dead animal; a naked woman whose
text: private parts are made of sharp, oily, metal; perfect hands
text: ending in crumbling, leprous fingers.
text: Suddenly, LEVIATHAN stops spinning. Effortlessly. Instantly. Two
text: more beams are projected at MALAHIDE but, as they come within a
text: few yards of him, they become writhing pink limbs that fly out,
text: sieze MALAHIDE and lift him into the air. He screams out.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: No! No! Julia! Help me!
text: MALAHIDE is held in the air as JULIA replies.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: But you WANTED this. You wanted
dialog: to SEE. You wanted to KNOW. And
dialog: here it is. The heart of Hell.
dialog: Leviathan.
text: As she says this two of the thing's facets part to reveal a raw
text: and gaping cavity lined with angry, sore-looking purple flesh
text: directly behind the dangling MALAHIDE.
text: The purple and pink walls of this flesh gash peel apart and open
text: in various places to reveal blades, hooks and needles at the end
text: of various vestigial limbs.
text: The limbs holding MALAHIDE draw him back inexorably into this
dialog: cavity.
text: He has one last moment to meet JULIA's eyes.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Why do you think I was allowed
dialog: to go back? For YOU? No, it
dialog: wanted souls. And I brought you.
dialog: And you wanted to KNOW. Now you're
text: both happy.
text: MALAHIDE is now held within the walls of the gash. He opens his
text: mouth for one final scream but one of the tiny needle-topped
text: limbs flies at his mouth and sews his lips together with heavy
text: blue wire before he can utter it.
text: His eyes widen in both agony and horror.
text: JULIA smiles.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Goodbye, Doctor. It's been real.
text: The gash heals itself, closing MALAHIDE within.
text: Despite the gash having closed over MALAHIDE, the leathery flesh
text: that covers that area is a mass of movement, ripples and bumps.
text: Small rips and gashes appear and disappear on its surface, allowing
text: us occasional and partial glimpses of MALAHIDE and what is
text: happening to him.
text: At one stage MALAHIDE's hand and forearm appear. A long deep,
text: running cut has been made down the arm and the flesh peeled and
text: folded back, revealing the meat and the muscle beneath. As we
text: watch, two of the tiny operating limbs sew the flaps of flesh,
text: still folded back, to the rest of the arm, leaving the wound open
dialog: and un-healable.
text: Another gash opens and MALAHIDE's face is visible. Here too the
text: needles are at work, diving into and out of his flesh in a
text: complicated sewing pattern that is finally pulled together
text: beneath one ear, leaving MALAHIDE's features permanently pulled
text: out of shape and decorated with running stitches of metal wire.
text: Again, MALAHIDE's torso appears, naked. Two large triangular
text: blades make deep parallel slashes down his chest. Two different
text: limbs appear but these have sucker-like tips rather than metallic
text: ones. They fasten onto the new cuts, as if battening. Instead
text: they are injecting - as becomes apparent when MALAHIDE's skin
text: turns blue.
text: The blueness, the conscious disfigurement, and the almost
dialog: decorative open wounds should serve to convey that what is
text: happening to MALAHIDE is not simply torture; he is being
text: transformed into a CENOBITE.
text: JULIA watches with avid interest.
scene_heading: 92 INT. BROTHERS' ROOM
text: LARRY and FRANK are fighting furiously, tumbling around the
text: room. LARRY is fuelled by righteous anger and revenge but FRANK
dialog: has had more experience of dirty fighting.
text: At one stage their free hands each have hold of the other man by
text: the throat and are rolling along one of the walls, each trying to
text: establish the dominant grip.
text: They smash violently against one of the walls in the room. It
text: gives and they fall through into the next room.
scene_heading: 93 INT. KNIFE ROOM
text: This is a small square room. With the exception of the doorway
text: to the BROTHERS ROOM, every inch of the walls is covered
text: with sharp and deadly-looking double-bladed knives -ie One blade
text: is buried in the wall up to a central hilt/handle and the other
text: blade juts out menacingly into the room.
text: The two brothers tumble into the room. Their grips loosened by
text: their fall through the wall, they land on the floor and
text: rise to their feet, staring at each other but taking in
text: the vicious nature of the room as well.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How convenient.
text: KIRSTY comes through and gasps as she sees the walls.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Stay there, baby. Don't
dialog: come in.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes. Stay there. I'll be with
dialog: you in a minute.
text: LARRY and FRANK trade blows.
text: FRANK lands a powerful blow to LARRY's jaw. It straightens LARRY
text: up and FRANK slams the flat of his hand against his brother's chest.
text: LARRY flies backwards. He flings out his arm to balance
text: himself but he is nearer to the wall than he thinks and the
text: impetus of his fall drives his arm onto the knives.
text: LARRY cries out. FRANK grins and prepares to force his wounded
text: brother completely onto the knives.
text: Suddenly KIRSTY flies across the room at FRANK and beats at his
text: back with her fists.
text: FRANK snarls and, without turning around completely, flings her
text: away from him. KIRSTY goes flying but lands just safely short of
text: the deadly walls.
text: LARRY, in the pause KIRSTY gave him and galvanized by her example,
text: has found more strength. He pulls his arm painfully forward, clear
text: of the knives, and throws himself to the side, forcing FRANK onto
text: the knives. With a vicious push, LARRY impales his brother
dialog: completely.
text: FRANK howls, loud and long.
text: Without pausing, LARRY pulls a knife free from the wall and, with
text: one vicious slice, separates himself from his brother.
text: LARRY rushes to KIRSTY and helps her to her feet. They embrace.
text: There is a cry of horror off-camera. We pull out. TIFFANY has
text: followed her friend. She stares in shock at LARRY's wounded arm
text: and at the impaled FRANK.
scene_heading: 94 INT. THE CENTRE OF HELL
text: JULIA is being given more glimpses of the transforming MALAHIDE.
text: The major surgery seems to be complete. There are no spinning
text: blades of needles in sight as the gashes open. MALAHIDE's head is
text: completely bald and his face, like the rest of his skin is blue.
text: The only new sophistications are that his upper and lower eyelids
text: have been stretched wide and stapled to his face and forehead,
text: and that a new mouth has been sliced into what was his cheek
text: before his features were pulled permanently to one side.
text: Over the sound of LEVIATHAN's breath and the CENOBITE
text: machinery still at work on MALAHIDE, FRANK's howl is heard.
text: JULIA's head turns to the direction of this new sound.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Frank...
text: She turns away without a backward glance and moves back into the
dialog: corridors.
scene_heading: 95 INT. THE KNIFE ROOM
text: FRANK is still impaled on the knives, but his anguished howl has
text: Become small whimpers of complaint (with, given his history with
text: the CENOBITES, perhaps the tiniest note of pleasure in there,
dialog: too)
text: KIRSTY, LARRY and TIFFANY are now gathered together to one side
text: of the room near the door that leads to the corridor. They should
text: leave, but a kind of sick fascination keeps them watching FRANK.
text: FRANK realises only leverage will pull him free of the knives and
text: lifts his forearms up as much as they are free to.
text: He turns his palms to face the knives and, with a growl of self-
text: encouragement, drives them deeply onto the knives so that he can
text: begin to push the rest of his impaled body backwards.
text: It takes several seconds and much pain for him to succeed, but
text: succeed he does. He flops backwards into the room.
text: Several of the knives have stayed in him, rather than the wall -
text: his chest is decorated, or armed, with many blades.
text: Just as FRANK begins to stand, and just as LARRY and the girls
text: snap out of it and are about to leave, the door from the CONVEYOR
text: BELT ROOM opens and JULIA walks into the room.
text: KIRSTY and LARRY gasp. FRANK gives a slow smile.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Well, well. All my family
dialog: together again. How very
dialog: sweet.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (delighted/flattered)
dialog: Julia.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: (Flatly)
dialog: Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I knew you'd come.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: You knew?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes. You're a girl who
text: remembers her promises.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Oh, I do. I do.
text: FRANK grins, his grin taking in LARRY, KIRSTY and TIFFANY as well
text: as JULIA. He extends an arm to JULIA.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And I know how much I mean
dialog: to you. Come here.
speaker_heading: JULIA does not move.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Come here. Kiss me. And
dialog: then...
text: He glances meaningfully at the others, perhaps stroking a blade
text: of one of the knives in his chest.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: we'll have a real family
dialog: re-union.
text: Suddenly, surprisingly, LARRY laughs. He is genuinely amused.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Jesus Christ, FRANK. I don't
dialog: believe you. You don't know
dialog: her at all do you? You still
dialog: think you're in charge.
speaker_heading: JULIA still has not moved.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Of course I am. She BELONGS
dialog: to me.
text: JULIA begins to cross the room to him.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: For God's sake! He KILLED you!
text: JULIA doesn't pause. FRANK grins.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She's forgiven me that. Haven't
dialog: you?
text: JULIA is now next to him.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Do you really need to ask?
speaker_heading: FRANK laughs.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Show them.
text: JULIA glances at the knives. FRANK shrugs.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Just a small inconvenience, babe.
text: JULIA shifts position so she is standing behind him. She wraps
text: her arms around him, one stroking his belly, the other across his
text: shoulders. FRANK leans his head back and twists it slightly.
text: They kiss.
text: JULIA removes her arm from his stomach and slips it behind him.
text: Nothing happens for a second and then, suddenly, FRANK's whole
text: body spasms. We almost think it may be with pleasure until he
text: breaks from the kiss and we see the confused expression on his
text: face - and the blood bubbling at his mouth.
text: There is a ripping, bursting sound and JULIA's hand emerges from
text: his chest, covered in his blood. Clutched in her hand is his
text: ruptured, still pumping heart.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Jesus! Out. Out!
text: He shepherds the girls quickly through the door to the corridor.
text: FRANK's body begins to twitch. JULIA holds it tightly.
scene_heading: 96 INT CORRIDORS/LABYRINTH
text: They reach the end of the corridor. It terminates in a T-
dialog: junction.
text: TIFFANY automatically heads in one direction. KIRSTY makes to
text: follow, but LARRY hesitates.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Wait a minute. Why are we
dialog: following her? Who is this?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: This is Tiffany
text: KIRSTY shrugs.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: She's good at puzzles.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Fine.
text: They take the turn TIFFANY has indicated.
scene_heading: 97 INT THE KNIFE ROOM
text: JULIA still holds FRANK tight.
text: Slowly, she raises the hand which holds his heart until it is in
text: front of his face. FRANK's eyes are glassing over but he can
dialog: still see.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Nothing personal, babe.
text: Without ceremony, she bursts the heart with one quick squeeze.
scene_heading: 100 INT THE CENTRE OF HELL
text: LARRY, KIRSTY and TIFFANY come running toward the camera.
text: Initially oblivious to the fact that the corridor they were
text: running along has widened and the walls retreated. Suddenly,
text: they come to a stunned halt together, staring ahead of them with
text: awestruck faces.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Oh. My. God.
text: The camera moves around them to take in what they see. They are
text: of course in the central chamber of LEVIATHAN.
text: LEVIATHAN is spinning again, the black beams flying around the
dialog: chamber.
text: TIFFANY screams. KIRSTY grabs her.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Tiffany, listen. You've solved
dialog: it. But we've got to solve it
dialog: the OTHER way. See? See?
dialog: We've got to get out.
text: TIFFANY is frozen.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Come on!
text: LEVIATHAN spins, the beams fly.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Please! Tiffany, Please!
dialog: Get us out! Take us home,
dialog: please!
text: TIFFANY nods. They are just about to leave when LEVIATHAN stops
dialog: spinning.
text: A large beam flies down , carrying an object which lands on the
text: catwalk before the HUMANS, who all take a step or two backwards.
text: The beam withdraws.
text: The object at first resembles a large and bloody plastic bag, but
text: then internal movement begins to rip at this covering. Hands
text: appear out of the rips and complete the removal. We realise that
text: the bag-like thing was a kind of caul, a membranous after-birth
dialog: that some creatures produce their young in.
text: The thing inside completes its escape and stands clear of the
text: shredded caul. Like a new-born child, it is stained and soiled
text: with amiotic fluids and blood. But it is not a new born child.
text: It is a NEW CENOBITE. And it used to be MALAHIDE. The
text: transformation we caught glimpses of is now complete. Its skin
text: is entirely blue, its head entirely bald. The decorative wounds
dialog: and tortures we saw being applied are all present; its flesh is
text: peeled back in various places, its features are threaded and
text: distorted by, wire, its eyelids are stapled open.
text: For a second it stands and regards the HUMANS before it.
text: TIFFANY gasps in recognition.
text: KIRSTY too knows what it was.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Malahide
text: For some reason, KIRSTY draws from her pocket the photo she took
text: from the OBSESSION ROOM. She stares at it.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Jesus Christ! Of course
text: The MALAHIDE CENOBITE stretches its arms and flexes its fingers.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: And to think I hesitated
text: It looks at the HUMANS again, its gaze finally settling on the
text: still shocked TIFFANY.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Tiffany. Come. I have a whole new
dialog: world of puzzles for you to enjoy
text: It reaches out its hand to her.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: A whole new world of pleasures
dialog: for you to endure.
text: TIFFANY, confused and used to obeying her doctor's voice,
text: tentatively stretches out her arm to meet the MALAHIDE
speaker_heading: CENOBITE's.
text: LARRY suddenly walks between TIFFANY and MALAHIDE. The
text: expression on his face is strange; it is not fear, nor defiance.
text: It is simpler than that. He is really, really pissed off.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: No. I've had enough of this shit.
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: It's
text: LARRY waves a hand at her, but keeps his eyes on
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Never mind. Never mind.
text: He points a finger at MALAHIDE's face, which is attempting a
text: version of PINHEAD's imposing glacial stars, but frankly, isn't
dialog: quite making it.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Fuck you and the horse you rode in on.
text: Suddenly, he forms a fist with his unwounded arm and smashes it
text: straight into MALAHIDE's face. MALAHIDE is completely decked.
text: LARRY grabs TIFFANY by the shoulders and speaks
text: urgently to her.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: O.K. You've done it before. You
dialog: can do it again. GET US OUT OF
speaker_heading: HERE!
text: The three of them run back up the catwalk.
text: LEVIATHAN spins wildly and a myriad of black beams flow from it.
text: As they shine into the catwalk they become limbs like those that
text: captured MALAHIDE, but all with different tips; some are organic,
text: vicious mouths, some are hooks or blades, some are faces, some
text: are (as if LEVIATHAN Is too angry to be thinking straight)
text: beautiful flowers.
text: The limbs fly up the catwalk, but the HUMANS have gained too
text: great a start. The limbs retract rapidly into the black lights.
text: MALAHIDE staggers to his feet, just as LEVIATHAN re-directs its
text: energy into forming and projecting one much fatter limb. It is
text: dirty pink and segmented, like a vast earthworm. The end peels
text: back as it flies toward MALAHIDE, revealing a cruel, metallic,
text: and rapidly-spinning surgical saw.
text: Just as MALAHIDE stands up straight, the limb smashes into the
text: back of his skull. There is a distressing WHIRRING noise as
text: the limb seals itself fleshily to MALAHIDE's skull and the former
text: surgeon twitches and dances in horrible involuntary movements as
text: LEVIATHAN takes over what little mind remains.
scene_heading: 101 INT CORRIDORS/LABYRINTH
text: KIRSTY, TIFFANY and LARRY are running, TIFFANY making the
dialog: decisions as to direction.
text: Down one corridor, blades and knives jut out from the opposite
text: walls at random intervals and they have to weave at high speed
text: between them. They negotiate the corridor successfully but, just
text: as KIRSTY, bringing up the rear, emerges from it, she stumbles
text: and half-falls. The re-structured BOX falls from her pocket and
text: rolls back a few feet up the corridor.
text: TIFFANY, who is nearest to her, helps her to her feet and, as she
text: does so, catches sight of the BOX (or white diamond, as it is
text: now). She makes as it to go and get it. KIRSTY holds her arm.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: No. Come on. We have to get
dialog: out of here.
text: TIFFANY moves away with KIRSTY, but not without a backward glance
text: and a puzzled expression.
text: They all make another turning. Suddenly, when they are about
text: halfway down this next corridor, a new gap opens up behind them
text: in the wall and a terrible sucking noise is heard. Corridor
text: debris disappears into the vacuum.
text: Luckily, LARRY has reached the end of the corridor and grasps the
text: corner with one hand, seizing KIRSTY's hand with the other.
text: KIRSTY grabs TIFFANY and the three of them flatten themselves
text: against the wall, fighting against the suction. The force is
text: tremendous and LARRY's finger are slowly losing hold.
scene_heading: 102 INT. CORRIDORS/ LABYRINTH
text: CLOSE UP on a hand picking up the re-structured BOX from the
text: corridor floor they have just left.
scene_heading: 103 INT. CORRIDORS/ LABYRINTH
text: The sucking force is growing stronger by the second. Not only is
text: LARRY's right hand losing its grip on the edge of the wall, but
text: his left arm - stretched tight as it clings to KIRSTY and, via
text: her, TIFFANY - is bleeding profusely again.
text: Suddenly, JULIA appears at the top of the corridor next to LARRY.
text: In her hand is the white diamond BOX that KIRSTY had let drop.
text: She stays just out of range of the sucking wind. She stares at
text: LARRY's weakening fingers and smiles.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Oh, poor Larry. You never
dialog: could hold on to anything
dialog: for very long, could you?
text: Suddenly, audaciously, his face set in a scowl of anger, LARRY
text: lets go of the wall. Before she realises what is happening, he
text: has grabbed JULIA's wrist and pulled her off her feet into the
text: corridor. He lets go almost immediately and with a superhuman
text: effort grabs at the corner again before the wind can claim him
dialog: and the girls.
text: JULIA is not so lucky; without support or foothold, she is seized
text: by the wind and hurtles to the gap in the wall.
text: She manages to brake herself by flinging her arms out to either
text: side of her. For a moment she is hold there and then the pressure
text: begins to draw her in.
text: In her left hand she still holds the BOX, but her right hand is
text: only a few inches from TIFFANY's left.
text: TIFFANY reaches her hand to her, not knowing JULIA as the others
text: do. Their fingers just manage to interlock when JULIA's face
text: registers a disbelieving shock.
text: There is a terrible ripping sound. JULIA's new skin, so recently
text: gained, is giving up its hold and has ripped right up the spine.
text: JULIA is drawn from it.
speaker_heading: JULIA
speaker_heading: NOO00000000!
text: With a final, slurping sound, the skinned woman slips from the
text: skin and disappears down the new corridor.
text: The momentary break in tension allows LARRY to make one last
text: effort. He rounds the corner and pulls the girls after him.
text: TIFFANY, finally, realising what has happened, screams in terror
text: and disgust, especially when she looks at what she has brought round
text: the corner in her hand. She drops JULIA's skin to the floor as
text: the three of them scramble to their feet and begin to run again.
text: Still clutched in the skin's hollow fingers is the white diamond BOX.
text: As they turn another corner, they see, very far in the distance,
text: a glimmer of light. TIFFANY points excitedly.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: My God, it's her room!
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Let's go!
text: He starts urging the girls down the corridor - a long and very
text: narrow one - but KIRSTY shows some resistance.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: No. No, there's something
dialog: wrong...
text: Before they can discuss it, a new rushing sound is heard. They
dialog: look back.
text: Hurtling towards them is the ENGINEER from HELLRAISER.
text: TIFFANY screams.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Jesus. 0.K. No more arguments.
dialog: Just RUN!
text: They begin one last panic-fuelled run down the narrow corridor,
text: the ENGINEER at their heels.
text: The sequence is equivalent to KIRSTY's pursuit by the ENGINEER in
text: HELLRAISER, the twist here being that as they approach the entrance
text: into TIFFANY's room the walls of the corridor, already thin, begin
text: to close together.
text: LARRY is bringing up the rear (the corridor is now so narrow only
text: single file is possible) and he can almost feel the ENGINEER'S
text: breath on his neck.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Go. Go. Go. Go. Go!!
text: Finally, almost impossibly, they reach the gap in the wall.
text: TIFFANY tumbles through, then KIRSTY, and finally LARRY. Less
text: than a micro-second after LARRY has made it, the walls seal
dialog: themselves.
scene_heading: 104 INT. TIFFANY'S ROOM (2nd VERSION) DAY
text: As we see clearly the room they have come into, we perhaps share
text: the feeling that KIRSTY expressed in the corridor; Something Is
dialog: Wrong.
text: The tiles that make up the floor are patterned as before but the
text: individual tiles are larger. The room itself seems more spacious,
text: the ceiling higher.
text: There is a bowl of flowers by the window. The flowers were in
text: full bloom before their trip to Hell but now they seem long dead.
text: The audience have to notice most of this for themselves because
text: LARRY, KIRSTY, and TIFFANY are too relieved by, and tired from,
text: their escape to take this in immediately. LARRY seats himself in
text: the chair, KIRSTY perches on the end of TIFFANY's bed. TIFFANY
text: however walks straight across to her window. She is the first to
text: notice anything. She stares at the flowers.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Tiffany ... ?
text: KIRSTY rises from the bed and joins TIFFANY by the window.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: But these were ... Daddy?
text: LARRY rises to his feet. Just as he stands, a fleeting expression
text: of bewilderment crosses his face. He strokes at his right arm
text: with an unconscious gesture as he crosses the room.
text: KIRSTY doesn't look at her father right away.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: These flowers. I saw them just...
text: She looks at her father. A sea of sweat has broken out on his
text: brow and face as he stares intensely at the flowers. KIRSTY's
text: voice slows, begins to trail off.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: ...the day ...before... yesterday
dialog: Daddy? Daddy!
text: LARRY's eyes close. His entire face screws up as if an
text: excruciating pain just hit him. He clamps his arm across his
text: chest, the hands clutching his shoulders. He opens his eyes and
text: looks at KIRSTY for a second, his expression one of surprise.
text: Then his eyes roll up into the sockets and he collapses to the
dialog: floor.
text: TIFFANY has hardly had time to turn from the bowl of flowers
text: before KIRSTY is kneeling by her father.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Daddy!
text: LARRY is unconscious. TIFFANY gasps. KIRSTY looks up at her.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Get help.
text: TIFFANY's eyes widen. She rushes to the door and disappears into
text: the corridor. Within two seconds we hear an emergency alarm go
text: off and TIFFANY re-enters the room.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Pass me a pillow.
text: TIFFANY does so and KIRSTY places it under the head of LARRY,
text: whose lips are now blue and who is breathing very shallowly.
text: KIRSTY looks up at TIFFANY, despair in her eyes.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: What do you do? I just don't
dialog: know what to do.
text: TIFFANY shakes her head helplessly.
text: Suddenly, the door to the room flies open and two INTERNS - maybe
text: Stan and Ollie from the carnival sequence - come in, complete with
text: stretcher and gurney. They assess the situation with a glance and
dialog: it is serious enough to make one of them break their professional
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: Coronary arrest. Let's be quick.
text: They are good at their job - within seconds LARRY is secured on
text: the gurney and they head for the door, KIRSTY and TIFFANY behind
text: them. The following exchanges are spoken on the move.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Is he going to be 0.K.?
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: We just can't say.
dialog: O.R.'s on standby. They'll
dialog: do what they can.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: But it's bad?
text: The INTERNS exchange a glance and decide honesty is best.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: (gently but flatly)
dialog: Yeah. It's bad.
scene_heading: 105 INT. ELEVATOR DAY
text: The elevator is uncomfortably full, KIRSTY and TIFFANY squashed
text: up against the back while the INTERNS hold the gurney in the
dialog: centre.
text: The elevator is descending. The ride seems to take longer than it
dialog: should, even though they are going to basement level;like the
text: look of TIFFANY's room, it's ALMOST normal but just different
text: enough to make us slightly uneasy in an un-focused way.
text: Eventually, though, it does come to a stop. TIFFANY squeezes
text: KIRSTY's shoulder sympathetically (NOTE. RE: TIFFANY's character
dialog: - it should be clear to the audience by this stage that, though
text: she is still mute, TIFFANY is now a responsive, more rounded
dialog: character)
text: The INTERNS wheel the gurney out of the elevator and the girls
dialog: follow.
scene_heading: 106 INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR DAY
text: The basement corridor is long, cavernous, and not very pleasant.
text: It has a grimier, more uncared-for look than the upper floors and
text: the high ceiling is covered with an intricate system of naked
text: pipes and conduits.
text: The INTERNS wheel LARRY down this corridor, going so fast that
text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY are continually breaking into a trot to keep
dialog: up with them.
text: At the far and of the corridor are a set of double doors. The
text: nearer they all get to these doors, the tackier the corridor
text: seems to become. The walls now have pipes running over them, as
text: well as the ceiling, and several of these pipes are dripping
text: water into small pools on the corridor floor. The sound of these
text: drips is artificially loud on the soundtrack.
text: Finally, the doors are reached and the INTERNS, LARRY, KIRSTY and
text: TIFFANY disappear through them.
scene_heading: 107 INT. PRE-OP ROOM DAY
text: This is a small ante-room to the operating room which is beyond a
text: further set of double doors. Without ceremony the two INTERNS
dialog: pass straight across this room to those doors and wheel the
text: gurney through, one of them throwing back a parting remark to
speaker_heading: KIRSTY.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: Wait out here. A doctor
dialog: will talk to you when
dialog: we know more.
text: The double doors part and close, giving just a glimpse of the
text: operating room beyond, all lights, monitors and whirring machinery,
text: and the several gowned and masked experts attending to LARRY.
text: As the doors close, KIRSTY turns to TIFFANY, expecting a long
text: wait before anyone comes to speak to them. Surprisingly, though,
text: the doors open again almost immediately and two figures step
text: through. They, too, are masked and gowned in surgical green and
text: very little of them is visible.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Is he going to be all right?
scene_heading: 1st GOWNED FIGURE
dialog: (matter of factly)
dialog: No. He's not going to be
dialog: all right.
text: KIRSTY staggers visibly, shocked by this bluntness.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Wh...
scene_heading: 1st GOWNED FIGURE
dialog: No. He's going to die. He's got
text: a ruptured aorta. He's going to
dialog: die in agony.
text: As he makes this speech, the mask of his colleague stains rapidly
text: with blood, as if it is literally pouring from its mouth.
text: Simultaneously, his own mask is slowly pierced by a score of nails
text: bursting through from beneath.
text: TIFFANY screams.
text: The 1st GOWNED FIGURE pulls the mask and cap away from its face -
text: It is PINHEAD. His colleague does the same. It is the FEMALE
speaker_heading: CENOBITE.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Oh, Fuck.
dialog: She's had too much experience with these two to hesitate. She
text: grabs TIFFANY's arm and bursts through the double doors to the
dialog: corridor.
scene_heading: 108 INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR DAY
text: We are now looking along the corridor in the other direction -
text: back towards the elevator.
text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY come into shot, running rapidly along the
dialog: corridor.
text: As they make their way, a rumbling, flatulent sound is heard from
text: the overhead pipes and they all begin to drip blood not water.
text: We hear the sound of the doors flying open behind them.
text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY reach the elevator. KIRSTY presses frantically
text: on the call button, while TIFFANY looks behind them with
text: frightened eyes.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: C'mon. C'MON!
text: The sound of steadily-pacing, purposeful feet is heard coming up
text: the corridor, getting louder, coming closer.
text: KIRSTY begins hammering on the closed elevator doors. TIFFANY
text: stifles a cry with her hand.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: COME ON!!
text: Suddenly, the doors fly open. KIRSTY and TIFFANY tumble into the
dialog: elevator.
scene_heading: 109 INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR DAY (GIRLS' P.O.V.)
text: We see the door-frame of the elevator and the floor buttons
text: beside it and, looking down the corridor through the open
text: elevator doors, PINHEAD and the FEMALE CENOBITE marching towards
dialog: us.
text: We also see KIRSTY'S finger jabbing frantically at the floor
text: buttons. The doors are not closing. The CENOBITES are getting
dialog: very close.
text: Finally, just as PINHEAD breaks from his determined but medium-
text: paced stride and speeds up eagerly for the last two or three
text: yards, extending his arm as he does so, the door slams shut
text: across our vision and we hear the elevator machinery start up.
scene_heading: 110 INT. ELEVATOR DAY
text: KIRSTY leans against the back wall of the elevator, breathing
text: heavily. TIFFANY stands very still in the middle, a frozen
text: expression of fear on her face.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Faster, you bastard, faster!
text: She slams her fist against the elevator wall. The elevator
text: stops. Its lights flicker.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Oh, Jesus. I'm sorry. I'm
dialog: sorry. I didn't mean it.
text: The elevator starts again.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: It's 0.K. They can't beat an
dialog: elevator. Not upstairs. It'll be O.K.
text: The lift stops, but this time it's where they want it. KIRSTY's
text: finger hesitates over the DOOR OPEN button.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: It'll be O.K.
text: She presses the button.
scene_heading: 111 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR DAY (GIRLS P.O.V.)
text: We are looking at the closed elevator door. When it opens we
text: will be looking down the corridor on the main hospital floor -
text: the floor with the girls' rooms on.
text: The door flies open. CHATTERER II lunges in at them.
text: KIRSTY screams, but because of the eagerness of his lunge they
text: are able to get around him as his impetus carries him to the back
text: of the elevator.
scene_heading: 112 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR DAY
text: The door begins to close as the girls straighten up in the
text: corridor and as CHATTERER II turns around to come back out at
dialog: them.
text: He tries to put his hand out to stop the door closing, but
text: succeeds only in trapping his fingers in the door.
text: KIRSTY, as soon as the doors began to close, had hit the DOWN
text: button. Now, she squeals with horror as she realises what is
text: about to happen.
text: The elevator begins to descend - we can tell this because
text: CHATTERER II's fingers move down to the floor and are then
dialog: sliced off.
text: The GIRLS run off down the corridor.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: This way. Short cut.
text: They turn into a set of double doors leading to a large ward.
scene_heading: 113 INT. LARGE WARD DAY
text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY enter the ward at a run and then slow down to
text: a confused and horrified walk.
text: Every bed in the ward is occupied, some by men, some by women,
text: and every patient has in their hands, and is busily working on, a
scene_heading: LAMENT CONFIGURATION.
text: Despite this collective work-in, the BOXES obviously still have
dialog: the vicious characteristics they have previously demonstrated
dialog: when used individually - as is witnessed by the ten or so patients
dialog: who are struggling on with their work despite having one or two
text: hooks and chains connecting their flesh to their BOX.
text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY move slowly down the room, a look of
text: incredulity on both their faces.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Oh, Christ. This isn't just
dialog: personal anymore.
text: TIFFANY nods slowly, her eyes flicking back and forth across the
dialog: ward.
text: Suddenly, the wheelchair patient from the earlier scene in this
text: ward, who has been between two of the beds on one side of
text: the ward, cuts across the GIRLS' path. He too has a BOX on his
text: lap. As he passes in front of them, he looks at them, giggles in
text: an unmistakably insane fashion, and gives them a conspiratorial
text: wink. Then he simply proceeds to the other side of the ward.
text: A second or so after this, as the GIRLS edge down the middle of
text: the room, they hear a rushing sound behind the double doors they
text: are heading towards.
text: Suddenly, the doors slam open and revealed in the doorway is
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE.
text: But he is not standing there. He is hovering about two feet off
text: the floor. The umbilical limb that connects him to LEVIATHAN is
text: still at the back of his skull. His face is contorted in a grin
text: of manic glee as he floats three or four feet into the ward.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: The Doctor is in!
text: He laughs, and the sound is far from human. KIRSTY and TIFFANY
text: stare at him.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Oh, shit.
text: KIRSTY looks sharply at TIFFANY for a second, as if she is about
text: to comment on her re-found voice, but instead simply nods. She
text: takes her friend's hand and the GIRLS begin to walk very slowly
text: backwards to the far end of the ward.
text: MALAHIDE is too enraptured of his new power to pay attention to
text: specific victims and so makes no move to stop the GIRLS' slow
dialog: retreat.
text: Suddenly his palms erupt into a writhing mass of tentacle-like
text: limbs as his head tips back to emit a wide band of LEVIATHAN's
text: black light at the ceiling, accompanied by, renewed inhuman
dialog: laughter.
text: Taking this as their cue, the GIRLS turn and bolt for the doors
text: at the far and of the ward and exit through them.
text: The limbs extrude from MALAHIDE's palms only twelve inches or so
dialog: and are all quite thin, but they all have independent movement
text: and they all have various surgical-like, gleaming tips. MALAHIDE
text: floats over to the nearest bed. He looks at the patient and then
text: looks at the bladed tips of his new limbs and, as if addressing
dialog: them, speaks.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: I recommend amputation.
text: There is another burst of laughter as the limbs fly at the
text: patient, writhing, twitching, slashing, and slicing.
scene_heading: 114 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR DAY
text: The GIRLS run wildly along the corridor, not knowing MALAHIDE is
text: working his way through his former patients. They come to another
text: door and pause. They look back down the corridor to ensure they
text: are not visible as they hide and KIRSTY pushes the door open with
text: the flat of her hand behind her. Carefully, still looking down
text: the corridor, they back into the room and let the door close.
scene_heading: 115 INT. HOSPITAL/TORTURE ROOM DAY
text: CLOSE UP on the GIRLS' faces as the door closes in front of them.
text: KIRSTY lets out a breath. Then they hear the rattling sound behind
text: them. They swing round and the camera pulls out to take in the room.
text: It is like the TORTURE ROOM in HELLRAISER. The walls are black,
text: the floor slimy, and the room filled with chains, hooks, and
text: torture-pillars. And, in the room and staring at the GIRLS, are
text: the four CENOBITES.
text: PINHEAD glances theatrically around the room, as if checking
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Oh. No Boxes. Such a shame.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CENOBITE
dialog: No more delays, Kirsty. No more
dialog: teasing. Time to play.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Time to play.
text: KIRSTY looks at his unforgiving face and then her eyes suddenly
text: widen as she thinks Of something.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Wait!
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: No more deals, Kirsty. It's
dialog: your flesh we want to experience,
dialog: not your skill at bargaining.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: No deals! Just information.
dialog: Information. Free of charge.
dialog: No strings. Just information.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Go on. But trick us again,
dialog: child, and your suffering will
dialog: be legendary even in Hell.
text: Carefully, making no fast movements, KIRSTY reaches into her
text: pocket where she placed the photograph from MALAHIDE's OBSESSION
text: ROOM. She brings out the picture that she realized earlier was
text: of PINHEAD and hands it to him.
text: He takes hold of it and looks, his face registering nothing.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: What is this? Someone else
dialog: you think escaped us, like
dialog: Frank?
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: No, No, this one didn't escape.
dialog: You told me you'd always been
dialog: in Hell. You were wrong. Look
dialog: at it. LOOK. IT'S YOU.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Nonsense, I...
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: It's you! You HAVEN'T always
dialog: been as you are. You were
dialog: HUMAN. Remember. Remember
dialog: all your confusions. Think!
text: The FEMALE CENOBITE strides across the room.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CENOBITE
dialog: Enough!
text: She raises her hand towards KIRSTY. PINHEAD's arm flies out and
text: stops her.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Wait!
text: He is staring at the photograph, that great immobile brow finally
text: puckering, as if something is stirring.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: remember.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: You were ALL human!
text: The other three CENOBITES stop moving and stare at KIRSTY. Any
text: advances they were making on KIRSTY or TIFFANY stop as the same
text: dim, distant, recollection begins to stir within them.
text: Suddenly, the door bursts open. MALAHIDE is there, still
text: floating, his voice still a mixture of hideous threat and
dialog: insane joy.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Tiffany. Come.
text: He turns his palms downwards, mirroring his gesture in the hall
dialog: of mirrors.
text: TIFFANY lets out a moan of terror and shakes her head.
text: One of the snake-like limbs from MALAHIDE's palms flies towards
text: TIFFANY's face. Before anybody can react, its scalpel tip has
text: sliced an inch or so off several strands of her hair.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Tiffany. Come.
text: KIRSTY throws her arms around the cowering TIFFANY and snarls at
text: her tormentor.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Leave her alone, you asshole!
text: MALAHIDE makes no reply, but suddenly several more limbs fly
text: towards the GIRLS and begin to weave in front of KIRSTY's face
text: like snakes awaiting their moment.
text: At this stage, the camera CUTS TO the watching PINHEAD. He lets
text: the photograph of his past life flutter to the floor.
text: MALAHIDE looks up at the tiny noise this makes and his eyes meet
text: PINHEAD'S. He turns more fully to face PINHEAD and the other
text: CENOBITES who are now standing with their leader, and a strange
text: smile crosses his face
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Oh, good. A fight.
text: Suddenly, the air is full of flying chains. MALAHIDE is hooked
text: everywhere. It is like a high-speed version of FRANK's final re-
text: capture in HELLRAISER. The chains start tugging almost instantly.
text: Is MALAHIDE about to be ripped apart?
text: With contemptuous, dismissive speed, the limbs that ooze from
text: MALAHIDE's palms have sliced the chains to pieces and, almost
dialog: before we have time to realise that, three of them have
text: lengthened, thickened, and hardened and have skewered the FEMALE
text: CENOBITE, CHATTERER II, and BUTTERBALL to the walls.
text: The three limbs detatch themselves from MALAHIDE. The three
text: CENOBITES are all well above the floor, pinned and twitching like
text: the rats in FRANK's attic.
text: As they die, they suddenly revert; there are three human corpses
text: on the walls of the room. A woman, a fat man, and a little boy.
text: MALAHIDE smiles. Be looks at PINHEAD again and advances. Suddenly
text: a heavy torture pillar smashes into him, knocking him slightly
dialog: off-balance.
text: PINHEAD is backing across the room, weaving pillars in front of
text: him as he moves. MALAHIDE moves forward, knocking them out of the
text: way. As each pillar is knocked aside, PINHEAD's face is more and
text: more human. Finally, when the face we see is nearly that of the
text: ENGLISH OFFICER from the opening, he turns his head slightly away
text: from the advancing MALAHIDE and finds KIRSTY's eyes. A look
dialog: passes between them. Understanding? Gratitude? Friendship?
text: Whatever emotion lies beneath it, it is clearly a cue and
text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY make a break for it, bursting through the
text: door. Simultaneously to this, MALAHIDE and PINHEAD find each
text: other's eyes a final time. For a second, everything is still then
text: a single bladed limb flies across the space between them and
text: neatly and calmly slices PINHEAD's throat open. The thin red line
text: becomes a torrent of blood and the former lord of Hell falls dead
text: at the feet of his successor.
scene_heading: 116 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR DAY
text: KIRSTY and TIFFANY burst out into the corridor and almost fall
text: over the PATIENT IN THE WHEELCHAIR.
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: So what, girls? It's O.K.
dialog: for an ego-trip but it
dialog: doesn't got the job done.
text: Shaking their heads at the insanity, they run up the corridor.
text: TIFFANY looks slightly distracted and when she speaks it is half
dialog: to herself.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I have to go back. Or it'll
dialog: never stop.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: (Confused)
dialog: What are you talking...
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: I've got to finish it.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Finish what?
text: Even as KIRSTY says this, TIFFANY has moved past her and is
text: resuming her run down the corridor.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Tiffany! Wait!
text: KIRSTY starts after her friend.
text: They turn back into the main section of the corridor that contains
text: their own rooms, TIFFANY still four or five yards in front of
speaker_heading: KIRSTY.
text: TIFFANY reaches her room. The door is open. She goes in. A second
text: later, KIRSTY follows.
scene_heading: 117 INT. TIFFANY'S ROOM DAY
text: KIRSTY enters the room. It is as we last saw it except that
text: the walls have re-parted to give onto the corridors of Hell.
text: Carefully and slowly, KIRSTY moves across to the entrance and
text: looks down it. She is rewarded with the sight of TIFFANY just
text: disappearing at the far end of the first corridor. With a
text: grimace, KIRSTY follows her in.
scene_heading: 118 INT. CORRIDOR/LABYRINTH
text: TIFFANY's skill at finding her way through puzzles means the
text: GIRLS are soon in the murkier corridors close to the Centre.
text: Hell seems angrier now, steam is issuing in jets from the
text: corridor walls, the cries of children are heard faintly on the
text: soundtrack, LEVIATHAN's breathing is more dominant, perhaps the
text: light is even pulsing in time with it.
text: KIRSTY is still several yards behind TIFFANY. TIFFANY takes a
text: corner and is out of sight for a second or so . KIRSTY dashes
text: around the corner to find TIFFANY staring with distress at
text: something on the floor.
text: It is the skin ripped off JULIA by the vacuum tunnel earlier.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Oh, gross.
text: TIFFANY bends down and retrieves the white diamond BOX from the
text: empty fingers.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: What are you doing? What are WE doing?
text: TIFFANY looks at the BOX in her hand. When she speaks, it is not
text: to KIRSTY but to herself.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I can't do it here. I have to
dialog: go to it.
scene_heading: 119 INT. THE CENTRE OF HELL
text: LEVIATHAN spins and fires light in the centre, his machine-like
text: breathing drowning all other sound. We are looking down the
text: catwalk as KIRSTY and TIFFANY approach its edge.
text: The beams of black light wash across their faces, as they passed
text: over MALAHIDE's in the earlier scene. Images of horror freeze
text: momentarily before them and then pass on, only to be replaced by
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I'm scared.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: No. Don't let it. You've
dialog: come this far.
text: The GIRLS press on. Whether LEVIATHAN is oblivious to their
text: presence or simply doesn't consider them a threat, the beams stop
text: striking the GIRLS' faces. Nevertheless, the mood remains
text: ominous. The audience should feel something is about to happen.
text: They are six feet from the lip of the catwalk. TIFFANY kneels
text: and, holding the white diamond BOX in front of her, begins to
text: move her fingers over it. The music box tune begins to play as
text: the BOX begins to move.
dialog: That 'something' that the audience was waiting to happen,
text: suddenly does; MALAHIDE flies up from the abyss beside the
text: catwalk. The vastness of the limb that seals him to LEVIATHAN is
text: now directly apparent; instead of merging into black light, the
text: limb itself trails through the air over the huge distance to
speaker_heading: LEVIATHAN itself.
text: One of the limbs from MALAHIDE's palms flies out and knocks the
text: BOX from TIFFANY's hands. It rolls perilously close to the edge
text: of the catwalk.
text: KIRSTY grabs TIFFANY and, dragging her to her feet, pulls her
text: further back down the catwalk as MALAHIDE floats to a landing
text: between them and the BOX.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Ah, girls. And how are we
dialog: feeling today?
text: The blades on the end of his limbs twitch eagerly.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: You have your whole lives
dialog: behind you now.
text: The limbs fly forward. KIRSTY screams and both girls run up
text: the catwalk.
text: About halfway back up, however, TIFFANY stops, turns around, and
text: begins to walk back. KIRSTY calls out.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Tiffany! No!
text: The camera stays with TIFFANY as she makes her way back. KIRSTY's
text: voice stays on the soundtrack for a time, imploring her friend to
text: turn back and then simply stops. This should be abrupt enough to
dialog: make the audience notice but smooth enough to avoid their
text: attention leaving TIFFANY.
text: MALAHIDE waits, happy to see a patient so keen on the knife.
text: very slowly, TIFFANY moves forward, inch by slow inch. This is
text: something she HAS to do; the expression on her face is not
text: determination but terror. And MALAHIDE is very happy to encourage
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
text: Surgery is open, Tiffany.
dialog: What was today's agenda?
text: His scalpels flick in the air, making small slicing motions.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: Ah, yes. Evisceration.
text: Still TIFFANY comes forward, closer and closer until she is
text: surely close enough to be grabbed.
text: Suddenly, she is grabbed. But from behind, and by a human hand.
text: TIFFANY gasps, and turns to see who has seized her. She screams.
speaker_heading: It is JULIA.
text: The limbs retract into MALAHIDE's palms. He smiles.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Doctor. I've missed you.
text: JULIA, having presumably just replaced her skin, is not quite as
text: perfect as before; there are bloody lines like scars beneath her
text: ears and chin as if the skin required some adjustment before
text: being put on.
text: JULIA moves forward, her left arm still holding TIFFANY, her
text: smile returning MALAHIDE'S.
speaker_heading: MALAHIDE
dialog: I knew you'd come back.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I'm a girl who keeps her promises.
text: JULIA is right next to MALAHIDE now. Smoothly, she releases her
text: grip on TIFFANY and embraces MALAHIDE sensuously. He returns the
text: embrace. They kiss.
text: Unseen, TIFFANY moves to the edge of the catwalk and picks up the
text: BOX. Her fingers move over it, finding its solution. Suddenly,
text: LEVIATHAN's breath becomes a roar of anger and fear.
text: MALAHIDE breaks away from his kiss, his face a mixture of
text: confusion and rage. JULIA plants both hands in the middle of his
text: chest and pushes. He falls over the lip of the catwalk but,
text: almost before he drops from sight, he is suddenly pulled
text: backwards through the air, screaming, as LEVIATHAN's limb
text: retracts. JULIA jumps back. shouting.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Do it, Tiffany! Do it!
text: TIFFANY's fingers fly over the BOX and suddenly we see what is
text: happening. The mountain-like LEVIATHAN is following the movements
text: of the small replica in TIFFANY's hands. As TIFFANY inverts the
text: new configuration back towards a closed BOX, LEVIATHAN too is
text: being twisted and turned. Being closed.
text: The whole centre of Hell shakes as if suffering a mild
text: earthquake. JULIA and TIFFANY almost lose their footing, but
text: TIFFANY continues working. She is nearly, there. LEVIATHAN is
text: halfway between its white diamond, majesty and a huge closed BOX.
text: TIFFANY takes her hands from the BOX. It is done. The larger BOX
dialog: operates a few seconds behind it's control, so that we can inter-
text: cut the final sliding and creaking into position with the
dialog: following human drama;
text: As LEVIATHAN makes its final closing, the mild tremors of before
text: become larger. Hell shakes violently and this time TIFFANY does
text: lose her footing. She looks set to tumble into the vast abyss to
text: the side of the catwalk but just manages to catch hold of the edge
text: with one hand. The small BOX flies from her hand and hurtles down
text: into the miles of blackness below. TIFFANY dangles over the edge,
text: her feet kicking wildly for a foothold that doesn't exist.
text: Suddenly, a hand extends to her. She looks up. It is JULIA. For a
dialog: second, nothing happens.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: Trust me.
text: TIFFANY lifts one hand off the edge and grabs at JULIA's
text: proffered wrist.
text: JULIA begins to pull up and for a moment it seems the crisis is
text: over. Then a terrible and familiar ripping noise is heard: The
text: skin of the arm that TIFFANY clings to begins to rip free at the
text: shoulder. Gradually, like a shirt's threads unraveling, it
text: comes off. TIFFANY's weight pulls it clear like a very long and
text: very tasteless evening glove and it seems she will finally make
text: the long drop. At the final second, as the arm-skin comes off,
text: the entire skin flies from the body and falls with its arm into
text: the abyss. TIFFANY screams. She is going to die.
text: But suddenly the two arms that have Just lost their skin fly out
text: again and catch her fingers. TIFFANY is hauled over the edge and
text: staggers to her feet, staring into the-bloodied face of KIRSTY,
text: who had donned JULIA's skin to help her friend.
text: The two girls share a quick and joyous embrace and then run
text: rapidly up the catwalk. The camera stays with LEVIATHAN.
text: The rumbling stops. And the mountainous BOX creaks into its final,
dialog: sealed position.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 120 INT. RECOVERY ROOM DAY
text: CLOSE UP on a bowl of beautiful flowers, sitting on a shelf in
text: the recovery room.
text: The camera TRACKS out to let us see LARRY, pale, drawn, but
text: basically okay, in the room's single bad. He is wired up to
text: various drips and monitors.
text: Sunlight is flooding into the room from a window and the camera
text: continues its TRACK up to and through this window to;
scene_heading: 121 EXT. HOSPITAL MAIN ENTRANCE DAY
text: KIRSTY is kissing TIFFANY on the cheek. TIFFANY is dressed in
text: smart clothes and has a small traveling bag in her hand.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: So. What're you going to do?
dialog: Open up a games-shop somewhere?
dialog: Sell jigsaw puzzles?
text: TIFFANY gives a smile.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Oh, yeah.
text: There is a slightly awkward pause.
speaker_heading: KIRSTY
dialog: Well ... G'bye.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: It's been Hell.
text: They share a rueful knowing smile, like the smile of soldiers
text: back from a war who say goodbye on a dockside and know they will
dialog: never meet again.
text: TIFFANY turns and walks down the long path to the hospital gates.
text: KIRSTY watches her for a few moments and then turns and re-enters
dialog: the institute.
text: The camera TRACKS back to the window of the RECOVERY ROOM and we
text: watch through the window as KIRSTY enters the room. She bends to
text: kiss her father's cheek. LARRY slips an arm around her shoulders
text: and they embrace. The camera moves away again.
scene_heading: 122 INT. HALLWAY MALAHIDE's HOUSE DAY
text: The camera TRACKS slowly up MALAHIDE's hallway. The hallway is
text: lined with packing cases filled with items from the house. A
text: WORKMAN is shoving something into one of the cases. As the camera
text: moves past him, he speaks.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN
dialog: So whose was all this shit?
text: The camera reaches the doorway of the OBSESSION ROOM as an
text: answering voice is heard.
scene_heading: 2nd. WORKMAN
dialog: Not our problem...
dialog: The TRACK continues into -
scene_heading: 123 INT. OBSESSION ROOM DAY
text: and we see the 2nd. WORKMAN. He is crouching over the mattress
text: which is still in the middle of the floor of the otherwise empty
dialog: room.
scene_heading: 2nd. WORKMAN
dialog: Gimme a hand with this.
text: Almost faster than the eye can register it, a hand shoots out
text: from the mattress and grabs his wrist.
text: He has about half a second to issue a strangled shout and then,
text: hideously quickly, a matter of two seconds or so, his body is
text: drained of all life and the dried husk collapses to the floor.
text: The first WORKMAN appears hurriedly in the doorway and then
text: freezes, an awestruck expression on his face.
text: JULIA is rising, headfirst and upright, from the centre of the
text: mattress. The movement is smooth, magical, unsettling. It is
text: graceful but not slow.
text: JULIA is fully fleshed, fully skinned, and fully dressed. She is
text: in a replica of the dress MALAHIDE bought for her, but this one
text: is jet black. She looks fabulous.
text: As the WORKMAN stands open-mouthed, her feet clear the mattress.
text: But they don't stop there. She slows to a graceful halt about six
text: inches above the mattress. She stretches and flexes her arms
text: sensually. Than her head swivels and her excited, aroused eyes
text: meet those of the WORKMAN.
speaker_heading: JULIA
dialog: I'm Julia. Love me.
text: Suddenly, her head tips back and, accompanied by JULIA's
text: delighted laughter, a wide beam of Hell's black light flies at
text: the ceiling from her open mouth. Instantaneously, it spills
text: across the ceiling and falls, like a fountain of blood, across the
dialog: screen.
scene_heading: COMPLETE BLACKNESS.
text: THE CREDITS ROLL
dialog: 
