dialog: 
scene_heading: HELLRAISER: DEADER
dialog: Screenplay By
dialog: Neal Marshall Stevens
dialog: Revisions By
dialog: Tim Day
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
dialog: We roll credits over-
text: Peal tight on a pattern of brown and black textures. The
text: image begins to shake. Slow motion. Graceful.
text: WE HEAR a low rhythmic THUMP, THUMP, THUMP...
text: The surface slowly peels off like flecks of dried old paint
text: as we pull back a little wider and realize that we're looking
text: at an OLD DOOR.
text: THUMP, THUMP, THUMP...
text: The door continues to rattle. Something or someone is behind
text: it, desperately fighting to get out.
text: THUMP, THUMP, THUMP...
text: Wider still to include the rusted, worn doorknob twisting
text: back and forth and shaking. Whatever is in there -- it's
text: locked inside.
scene_heading: SUPER: HELLRAISER:DEADER
scene_heading: CROSS DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CRACK DEN - MORNING
text: It's almost pitch black in here as a few beams of light fight
speaker_heading: W
text: their way through holes in the torn black window shades of
dialog: this flop-house apartment.
speaker_heading: TN A HIGH SHOT
text: Te take in the scene. A young WOMAN, mid-twenties, lies on an
text: old mattress tossed on the floor in the center of the room.
text: There's a MAN asleep next to her with his arm around her.
text: About a half-dozen others, in various stages of nakedness,
text: are sprawled unconscious around the room.
dialog: WE BOOM DOWN and as we do we-
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CRACK DEN - NIGHT
text: We're in the middle of a crack/X party the night before.
scene_heading: LASH CUT TO:
dialog: 2
text: Our YOUNG WOMAN (AMY KLEIN) moving through the party. She
text: reaches into the pocket of her long black coat and lifts out
text: a TAPE RECORDER. She clicks it on and slips it back into her
dialog: pocket.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
text: THE MAN from our opening shot offers her some X. She lets him
text: place it on her tongue and then she swallows it. He smiles,
text: pleased, and turns to leave. She quickly but slyly removes
text: the X from her mouth and flicks it away. F
scene_heading: LASH CUT TO:
text: Later. The party in full gear. Things are really starting to
text: get weird here as the crack pipe starts to make it's way
text: around the room.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
text: Amy's putting on a full "X" performance, taking the crack
text: pipe and quickly passing it on, pretending to be too far gone
text: for another hit, all the while studying the other partiers
text: with a keen reporter's eye.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
text: Later. After everyone has left. The sun is coming up. Amy
text: alone with the MAN. He's half-naked on the mattress, trying
text: to pull Amy close. Amy's looking for a safe exit, but she's
dialog: stayed too long and he's starting to get a little rough with
text: her. A wrong move now could push him over the edge.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
text: Amy's vision starts to blur. Did he slip her something?
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
text: He pulls her onto the bed with him and starts to undress her,
text: she can't fight him off. But then his eyes roll back in his
text: head and he passes out.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
text: Amy looks around the room which is starting to swirl. She
dialog: tips out of frame and we-
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 3
scene_heading: INT. CRACK DEN - DAY
text: Back to scene as Amy's eyes flutter open, quickly adjusting
text: to her unfamiliar surroundings. She freezes for a beat, then
text: after determining that the Man is asleep, she slides her way
text: off the mattress and rolls quietly onto the floor.
speaker_heading: S
text: he's relieved when she finds that she's still dressed.
text: She snatches a small TAPE RECORDER off the ground and clicks
text: rewind -- satisfied.
text: She snatches a half empty pack of smokes off the floor and
text: she's gone.
text: EXT. A BUILDING ON THE LOWER EAST SIDE OF LONDON - DAY
text: A big sign identifies this old brick building as the home of
dialog: "The London Underground" -- a weekly newspaper in the
text: "Village Voice" mode, only scuzzier.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES OF THE UNDERGROUND - DAY
scene_heading: MAIN TITLE SEQUENCE:
text: A pair of elevator doors open. AMY KLEIN exits and walks
text: towards camera. She's all in black, from her black sneakers
text: and black stockings up to her tinted glasses and jet black
text: hair. The only thing about her that isn't black is a
text: complexion so translucently pale that it bespeaks only the
text: most rare and grudging familiarity with daylight. She has a
text: paper coffee cup and a cigarette in the same hand, and she
text: alternates sips of coffee with puffs of her cigarette with a
text: practiced proficiency. She ignores the unhappy looks of her
text: fellow employees. She clearly has practice at this as well.
text: Little office cubbies scattered around a converted loft
text: space. "Too Hip" EMPLOYEES sit at their desks, typing at
text: computers, conferring at tables -- going about the business
text: of turning out another issue. They point and whisper as Amy
text: walks by.
text: Amy passes another cubicle as A YOUNG REPORTER holds the
text: newspaper's FRONT PAGE up in front of Amy. A big headline
text: reads, "How to be a Crack Whore" written over a photo of a
text: crack den in which we glimpse things better left unseen.
text: Beneath the headline is written, "A special report by Amy
dialog: Klein."
dialog: I
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: YOUNG REPORTER (O.C)
dialog: Nice reporting Klein. How `bout you show
dialog: me what you learned?
text: Amy is already past him, she throws back a middle finger for
text: a response.
speaker_heading: YOUNG REPORTER (O.C.)
dialog: Maybe later.
text: BETTY, 50ish, her glasses hanging on the tip of her nose,
text: sees Amy coming.
speaker_heading: ETTY
dialog: Hey, Amy...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Morning...
speaker_heading: BETTY
text: Morning? It's half past four.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Mmm...
text: Betty gives a broad gesture over her shoulder, pointing
text: toward the Editor's office across the work space. Amy heads
text: across the way, toward the office. Betty picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Mr. Rickman... Amy's here. Right.
scene_heading: NT. CHARLES RICKMAN'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CHARLES RICKMAN, the Editor-in-Chief, is an Englishman in his
text: early forties, sporting a pony tail which, like a moustache
text: on a sixteen-year-old, only serves to emphasize his true age.
text: He's fiddling around with some sort of TV/VCR set up, and is
text: looking away from the door as it opens and Amy enters behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: Ah, I detect that unique and ubiquitous
text: combination of female sweat and patchouli
text: oil that signals the arrival of...
text: He turns toward a dour Amy.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: ...the delightful and world-famous Amy
dialog: Klein. Have a seat, angel of light.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Eat me, Charles.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It's exactly that lack of respect for
dialog: authority that got you fired from the New
dialog: York Post.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I wasn't fired. I was re-assigned.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Of course. Where would you be without me?
dialog: By the way, I don't recall ever being
dialog: thanked properly for this "re-
dialog: assignment".
text: Charles makes air quotes with his fingers.
speaker_heading: CHARLES (CONT'D)
dialog: Lucky for you I opened my doors to you
dialog: here as soon as I heard you were
dialog: "available".
dialog: 
text: More air quotes. Amy walks over to a "trophy table" where
text: she looks over a cluster of framed photo's. She points to one
text: of her and Charles, smiling together. More innocent times
dialog: for both.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I seem to recall a rather similar
dialog: "reassignment" with you, Charles.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Touche'. Well, thanks to international
dialog: conglomerates and the Euro-dollar I,
dialog: along with Mother England, am blessed
dialog: with your acquaintance, yet again.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hey a contract's a contract.
text: She holds up the cassette recorder.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, if all this about me being late
dialog: with the crack whore story It's all right
dialog: here -- and it's gold. I was just about
dialog: to-
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: It's not about the crack whores, I'm sure
dialog: you're working your usual unrestrained
dialog: insightful magic on what I'm certain will
dialog: be another eye-opening expose. I expect
dialog: nothing but brilliance -- in five
dialog: thousand words or less.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But this is better.
text: Amy spots an open container of Chinese food on Charles's
text: desk. She inspects it, then picks something out of it with a
text: pair of chop sticks.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: So what then? Are we being sued again?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Hmm? Oh no.
dialog: (sees her eating)
dialog: Please feel free to have some of that.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Thanks. What is this? General Tso's cat?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Spare me the "Nothing comes close to New
dialog: York Chinese" speech just this once. Go
dialog: on, sit down. Just something I wanted to
dialog: show you...
text: He heads back over to the VCR. Amy ditches the Chinese food
text: and picks up her coffee again. She sits, lights another
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Okay... rewind, rewind? Rewind.
text: He finds the button, presses it and turns back to Amy.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Somebody mailed us this thing around two
dialog: weeks ago but, in keeping with our usual
dialog: level of efficiency, Betty didn't get
dialog: around to opening it `til this morning.
dialog: Then she brought it to me.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What is it?
text: Charles closes the door.
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What's the matter? This X-rated or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Something. Amy, with your encyclopedic
dialog: world-wide knowledge of skank-ology --
dialog: have you ever heard of "Deaders?"
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Oh, sure. They're generally in their
dialog: forties, kind of ex-hippy types. They
dialog: still think Jerry Garcia is like "really
dialog: cool" even though he's dead.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Not dead-heads...
scene_heading: Dead - ers. D-E-A-D-E-R -- S.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You know, sometimes they wear ponytails.
dialog: Dream about how great the sixties were.
dialog: You see `em in the park sometimes...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Love of my life, go screw yourself. I'm
dialog: asking you a serious question.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, Charles. I've never heard of
dialog: "Deaders."
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Watch the tape.
text: Charles goes to the VCR and hits the play button. Amy
text: finishes her coffee and lights a new cigarette with the still-
text: glowing butt of her last one. She leans forward.
text: ON THE TAPE
text: The image flickers into view. It's handheld, low-rez, clearly
text: been shot in some dingy apartment somewhere, decorated in a
text: "mattresses on the floor/beer spray on the walls" type decor.
text: There are around half a dozen PEOPLE there, in their twenties
text: and younger. They drift in and out of frame, in and out of
dialog: focus.
text: We hear a woman's voice -- clearly the person who is
text: operating the camera, as the shot moves about the room. This
text: is MARLA CHEN.
dialog: 
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: (off screen)
dialog: Okay, okay. Here we go. There's Anna...
text: The camera hesitates for a fleeting moment on ANNA, a girl
text: with bright dye-red hair (on the side of her head that isn't
text: shaved). Anna looks, with no particular expression and goes
dialog: away.
text: The camera turns toward a smudged mirror on the wall and we
text: get a look at Marla, a twenty-ish Asian girl.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Here's Marla Chen, official Deader
dialog: Archivist. Hello, me.
text: he camera turns toward a door as it opens and KATYA, a young
text: round-faced girl with dark hair, comes out, looking a bit
text: nervous.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: (off screen)
dialog: And here's the star of the show. Katya...
text: She gives a little smile. The camera swings over toward a
text: mattress on the floor. Some of the people are tugging a
text: plastic sheet over it. One of them, and the one who clearly
text: appears to be in authority -- a man with albino-like features
scene_heading: -- WINTER.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: And here's our deader bed -- this is the
dialog: scene of the crime. Crime to be...
text: he camera moves in on Winter.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: And here is the fearless leader of the
dialog: Deaders... Winter.
text: Winter glances up, then dismisses the camera altogether. He
text: looks off screen, then raises his hand. The room quiets. We
text: hear various voices.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Shh. Quiet. We're starting.
text: Winter looks up and the camera swings toward Katya. She
text: hesitates. A girl next to her starts to prompt her.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Do you become one of us of your own free
dialog: will?
dialog: 
dialog: 9
speaker_heading: KATYA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Are you afraid?
speaker_heading: KATYA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Good. Fear is the place we go to learn.
text: She hesitates.
speaker_heading: ATYA
dialog: (reciting)
text: My skin isn't real. My eyes aren't real.
dialog: My muscles aren't real. My bones, my
dialog: heart, my veins and nerves, and flesh and
dialog: meat... aren't real. What I see, what I
dialog: hear, what I taste, what I touch, what I
dialog: remember, what I think, what I feel,
dialog: aren't real.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: (off screen)
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: KATYA
dialog: I'm not real.
text: The camera swings back to Winter, who gestures for her to
text: come forward, then swings back to see her coming.
text: The various people in the room gather around as she comes to
text: the mattress. The camera moves this way and that, trying to
dialog: get the best angle to cover the action. People spread towels
text: on the mattress, over the plastic, as Katya, naked, sits down
text: on the towels, then lays back, flat on the mattress.
text: inter looks to the Black Kid standing next to him. He comes
text: up with a big handgun -- maybe a .45.
speaker_heading: KATYA
dialog: I'm not real...
text: The camera moves in closer as Winter takes the gun and slips
text: it into Katya's hand.
speaker_heading: KATYA
dialog: I'm not... I'm not real...
text: he slides the gun over and puts it to the side of her head.
dialog: 
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: AMY
text: ...sits forward in her seat, not quite believing what she's
dialog: seeing.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Holy ... Charles...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Just keep watching.
text: ON THE TAPE
text: Katya is breathing fast now, but we can't be sure if it's
text: terror, or passion, or some combination of both. She
text: continues to lie on the mattress, the barrel of the gun
text: pressed against the side of her head.
speaker_heading: KATYA
dialog: I'm not real. I'm not...
text: Winter reaches out, hesitant, and cocks the gun in her hand.
text: Meanwhile, we see other hands, reaching in, pressing a folded
text: up towel against the opposite side of her head. Other hands
text: come in and press a doubled-over pillow against the towel.
speaker_heading: KATYA
dialog: I'm not real. I'm not... I'm not...
text: She closes her eyes, grits her teeth. Her back arches.
speaker_heading: AMY
text: drops her cigarette as it burns down to her fingers. She
dialog: stands.
text: ON THE TAPE
text: Katya holds her breath... and pulls the trigger.
text: There's a huge CONCUSSION as the bullet tears straight
text: through her head. We can see it splatter out the other side,
text: tearing through the towel and the folded over pillow, which
text: catch a great blast of bone and brain.
text: We hear some screams in the room.
text: AMY jumps back.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Have you called the police on this?
dialog: 
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Just watch...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I want to know if you've called the
dialog: pol...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I said, "Just watch."
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Oh, man, don't tell me that was some
dialog: special effect...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You tell me.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: This is sick...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: That's saying a lot, for you.
text: The camera is now pointing at Winter. There is a look of deep
text: tenderness in his face as he circles around and kneels down,
text: staring toward Katya, who is lying, as dead as dead can be,
text: on the mattress. Blood has run from the ghastly wound down
text: both sides of the plastic, and towels on the side of the bed
dialog: catch the mess.
text: Winter reaches down and gently removes the gun from Katya's
text: lifeless hand... and then, light as a feather, lies down on
text: top of her.
text: The camera moves forward and down as Marla, presumably,
text: elbows her way through for a better vantage point. The camera
text: moves in close as Winter stretches out along Katya's body.
text: He places his lips on her forehead, kissing her lightly, then
text: presses his lips against hers -- kissing her -- or maybe
text: something else. It seems almost as if he's breathing into
text: her. His body moves as his lungs expand and expel, and he
text: seems to be struggling toward some non-sexual climax.
text: AMY watches, both repelled and fascinated.
dialog: 
dialog: 12
text: ON THE TAPE
text: Winter continues his odd ritual, finally taking a great final
text: breath, as if he's reached the point of exhaustion, and
text: expels it. Nothing happens.
text: He leans in close.
speaker_heading: WITH AMY
text: Amy leans in close as well.
speaker_heading: WITH WINTER
text: He draws in another breath -- he seems to be in agony as he
text: does it -- presses his lips to Katya's dead ones, and
text: exhales. The breath seems to go on forever -- longer than it
dialog: should.
text: And then, when it seems as if Winter can't breathe out
text: another teaspoon of air, Katya's body abruptly twitches
text: beneath him -- and then she sucks in a ragged breath. Her
text: previously open and lifeless eyes, move. Her head raises up.
speaker_heading: WITH AMY
text: She simply stares, breathing again for the first time in a
text: moment, unable to quite take in what she's seeing.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN
text: Winter, exhausted, looks down at Katya, smiling. There's
text: nervous laughter, sounds of relief from around the room.
text: Winter slides off of her. Katya looks this way and that,
text: presumably at the others, looking down at her.
text: A hand reaches down and she takes it. The camera follows as
text: Winter pulls her unsteadily up to standing. All this despite
text: the fact that there is still an exceedingly large and obvious
text: hole in her head... the size of a dime on one side, the size
text: of a half-dollar on the other.
text: The others move in, touching her, congratulating her. She's
text: still a bit shaky, uncertain. Then she lifts one of her hands
text: to the side of her head -- the side with the big exit wound.
text: She touches it gingerly, confirming that it is really there.
text: Then she slowly slides her fingers IN. They penetrate her
text: skull, unobstructed, to the second knuckle. Katya takes her
text: fingers from this ghastly wound and stares at them, bloody.
text: Yet she's alive. Fine.
dialog: 
dialog: 13
text: She looks up at the others, then smiles widely. The others
text: move in, giving her hugs, pecks on the cheek.
text: She touches the wound again. She starts laughing.
speaker_heading: KATYA
dialog: (as if actually realizing) it)
dialog: I'm fine...
speaker_heading: K
text: She touches the wound again.
speaker_heading: ATYA
dialog: I feel great...
text: She starts laughing.
speaker_heading: KATYA
dialog: Oh, man! Oh, man...
text: The image cuts off, goes to snow. There is a moment of
text: silence. Amy turns to Charles.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What the hell...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: That's what I said.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Have you... have you found any of
dialog: these...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I haven't done anything. I told you, I
dialog: just looked at it today. By some chance
dialog: are you... interested in pursuing this?
text: Amy hesitates, shaking her head, not sure what it's all
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Look, Amy. Maybe this is just some kind
text: of bull-shit shot-on-tape gore movie. And
dialog: since that's all it can be, that's all
dialog: you're going find, but it sure smells
dialog: different to me. If it's bull-shit,
dialog: you'll know pretty fast. If it's not...
text: Amy, though, is only half listening, lost in her own
dialog: thoughts.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: How could she...
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Who said miracles can only happen at
dialog: Lourdes?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Who said they happen there?
text: She lifts her fingers to the side of her head, duplicating
text: the action of Katya slipping her fingers inside the wound.
speaker_heading: HARLES
dialog: Amy... you know what my father said
dialog: once...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That all writers were queers?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: No, that was a different time. This time,
dialog: we were driving down the block and there
dialog: was this fortune-telling place, you know,
text: this gypsy fortune telling place in a
dialog: store front? And he said, "You know, if I
dialog: could tell the future I wouldn't be
dialog: living in any crappy store front."
text: He looks back at the tape.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: If I could do that, I wouldn't be hanging
dialog: out in some rundown basement. I'd own the
dialog: earth.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Maybe they're just getting started.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What else do we have besides the tape?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
text: Just a return address on the envelope.
text: He holds up the envelope which is addressed to "AMY KLEIN C/O
text: THE UNDERGROUND". Amy hesitates. Snatches the envelope out of
text: his hand. She reads the return address.
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Looks like your online fan-base is
dialog: growing. It's an address in Bucharest.
dialog: It's where all the Euro-trash kids
dialog: looking for a good time are heading these
dialog: days. Amsterdam is so 90's.
text: She's shocked that he would even know.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Why Charles...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I still like to keep my finger on the
dialog: pulse, even though I know you think I
dialog: don't have one.
text: She thinks about it. He hands her a thick envelope.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Your ticket, hotel and per diem.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You know me too well.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It's what keeps me up at night.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now here's the part where I'm supposed to
dialog: say be careful. Be careful.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Always.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Call me when you get settled.
text: She just smirks and exits.
scene_heading: EXT. EASTERN EUROPE - DAY
text: STOCK FOOTAGE a train rolling through the countryside.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
scene_heading: SUPER TITLE: BUCHAREST
text: A cab pulls up to the front of the building. Amy gets out and
text: walks up to the front door.
dialog: 
dialog: 16
text: She pulls an envelope out of her bag. It's the one that the
text: tape came in. She checks the name on the envelope -- MARLA
text: CHEN. Compares it to a name on the mailboxes.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: Amy walks past the lobby and up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. THE SECOND FLOOR - DAY
text: Amy makes her way down the narrow dark hallway and finds the
text: appropriate door. She knocks at it. No answer.
text: She looks down and sees a lone fly crawl out from under the
text: door. Then another follows, and another. She kneels down to
dialog: inspect it.
text: She leans forward and sniffs. The results are inconclusive.
text: Then she lays herself flat down on the floor, presses her
text: nose up against the bottom of the door and sniffs.
text: The smell of dead wretched air is overwhelming.
text: And that's when a large WORN SHOE steps into frame right in
text: front of Amy.
speaker_heading: MANAGER (O.C.)
dialog: (irritated, with appropriate
dialog: accent)
dialog: Have you lost something?
text: Amy leaps up in one quick move to find herself face to face
text: with THE MANAGER, an older man who's a little winded from his
text: climb up here. Between his teeth he clenches a half chewed,
text: three quarter smoked cigar. The smoke seeps through his
text: yellowed teeth.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yes, I ah.....
text: She pats her pockets. Then tries another tactic.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No. I'm looking for my sister. Marla
dialog: Chen.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You're not Chinese.
dialog: 
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: She's my half sister. Same Mom. Different
dialog: Dads. I haven't heard from her in two
dialog: weeks so I got nervous.
text: The Manager stares at her in disbelief. Knows she's up to
text: something. Amy sniffs the air coming from the room again.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Does it always smell like this in here?
text: The Manager blows a bloom of smoke out of his nostrils. He
text: yanks the cigar from his mouth and sniffs. Doesn't seem that
dialog: bad to him.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Look. Marla is a friend of mine and
text: she's missing.
text: my pulls a few American bills from her pocket.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I need five minutes in there. Then I'll
dialog: know what I need to know.
text: The Manager stares at the money for a beat, then stares back
text: at Amy. He bites down on his cigar and snatches it out of her
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
text: Five minutes.
text: He pulls out his ring of keys and unlocks the door.
text: Amy enters. The place is dark and cold. Eerily quiet. The
text: manager stays in the hallway, he looks at Amy and taps his
text: watch. Amy nods as he pulls the door closed.
text: She descends down the dark hallway. Her face tightens as she
text: takes in the deathly ripe air. The BUZZING of flies getting
text: louder with each step.
text: As she approaches a room, she recoils, clutching her face
text: from the stench. She inhales -- drawing in the smell to
text: acclimate herself -- and almost vomits. She steadies herself,
text: drawing in breaths through her nose, tentative at first, and
text: finally in larger breaths, until she can tolerate it.
text: he looks back toward the entry door, she is alone.
dialog: 
dialog: 18
scene_heading: INT. MARLA'S ROOM - DAY
text: Amy steps in and stops, struggling to keep herself from
text: retching.
text: No sign of anything dead. No sound except the sinister
text: buzzing of flies. Amy steps cautiously in.
text: She looks toward one side, sees a closet with a double
text: sliding door. She slides open one side, sees nothing that
text: shouldn't be there -- a ragged winter jacket, a green plastic
text: raincoat, a hangar festooned with scarfs, some other garments
text: still obscured beneath cleaning bag plastic.
text: She hesitates, then calmly slides the other side open. More
dialog: of the same.
text: She turns in the other direction. There's a little kitchen.
text: Nothing dead there. She starts forward then turns back --
text: staring at the refrigerator. She goes quickly over and tugs
text: it open. It's empty. Not so much as a ketchup bottle.
text: Curious, she opens the freezer. The same. Empty.
text: She heads through the living room and down a narrow corridor
text: leading to another bedroom. At the end of the hallway is a
text: bathroom. The door to the bathroom is open and the toilet, on
text: the far wall, faces the door.
text: Marla is there.
text: Dressed only in bra and panties, she is sitting on the closed
text: lid of the john, leaning forward in what seems, at first, to
text: be an impossible angle. Her hands hang forward, almost
text: touching the floor. Her head is cocked back, staring up. Her
text: skin is gray, swollen.
text: Amy takes a few steps forward, for a better look. As she
text: approaches, she sees the reason for the odd position of the
dialog: body.
text: A long boot-lace has been tied around Marla's neck and tied
text: to the wall pipe on the toilet. The flesh of her neck has
text: swollen out, almost burying the boot-lace. She has hanged
text: herself in this ghastly way.
text: Amy takes another step forward. As she does, there's a sudden
text: loud buzzing as the flies that crawl on Marla abruptly rise
text: up, alarmed (or whatever it is flies are) at her approach.
text: But they soon return to the corpse, crawling about the face,
text: around the edges of the glazed, eyes, around the margins of
text: the open mouth, rimmed with dry foam -- around the out-thrust
dialog: tongue.
dialog: 
dialog: 19
text: Amy covers her mouth with her shirt, trying to filter out the
text: stench. She backs away from the body and into another room.
scene_heading: IN THE BEDROOM
text: Amy starts to search -- fast, thorough, -- she's done this
text: sort of thing before. She finds a journal, opens it... no
text: writing. She tosses it aside. Pulls open a drawer. She tugs
text: out what looks like a blade-less knife handle. She presses a
text: stud. A STILETTO BLADE SPRINGS OUT. She tosses it back in the
text: drawer, tugs some other stuff into view.
text: Some bills, some shoelaces, loose change. She goes drawer to
text: drawer, looking for anything that might mean something.
text: Socks, ragged underwear, cheap jewelry, tee shirts and short
dialog: skirts and jeans.
text: Amy stops, surveying the territory. Where to look next? Then,
text: deciding, she goes to the bed.
text: She reaches under it, sliding her hand around, tugs out a
text: dust-encrusted skirt. Feels around some more, hesitates,
text: pulls something else out. She brings it out into view. It's a
text: desiccated mouse. She grimaces and tosses it back under the
text: bed in disgust.
text: She stops... then slides her hand between the mattress and
text: the box spring. She feels around, then stops, finding
text: something. She pulls out a little red paper folder -- the
text: kind that photographs come from. She opens it.
text: It appears to be a photographic record of another "deader"
text: party. We see some of the same participants -- we also see
text: Marla herself in some of the pictures. She's smiling. Amy
text: flips the next photograph.
text: It shows Marla next to Winter. He's holding something in his
text: hand. Amy looks closer. THE PUZZLE BOX -- Amy turns another
text: photograph and it shows somebody holding the box out in front
dialog: of Marla.
text: The picture is framed through a length of rope with a noose
text: on one end. Marla is on the other side-- Almost a kind of
dialog: "joke" photo.
text: She has a kind of sickly smile on her face. Amy's eyes
text: narrow. She holds the picture closer. There seems to be a
text: figure lost in shadows, and the closer she looks the more
text: reality merges with the grains of the photo. What is there? A
dialog: man?
dialog: 
dialog: 20
text: Amy hears a scratching noise coming from outside the room.
text: She stuffs the book in her satchel.
text: Amy turns toward the door that leads to the hall and the
text: unseen bathroom. She sits, silent, waiting.
dialog: 
text: Then the sound of the scratching comes again. The sound of
text: flies rising -- and again, more distinct -- something
text: scratching. She keeps her position, still listening. Nothing.
text: Just the slow steady, untroubled buzzing.
text: She moves toward the bathroom.
text: And again there's the tiny scratching, and the rush of sound,
text: as if something has disturbed the flies.
text: The sound stops. The flies are still except for the
text: occasional buzz.
text: She advances, until she can glimpse the edge of one of
text: Marla's hanging, out-thrust hands, the tip of one finger just
text: touching the floor. Marla's long fingernails are painted
dialog: green.
speaker_heading: THE BATHROOM
text: She comes around the edge of the bathroom door. Marla is
dialog: motionless.
text: She leans from the pipe by the shoelace. The shoelace is
text: still buried in her throat. The flies buzz up again. The
text: glazed eyes remain fixed in their sockets. One of her hands
text: is not visible from Amy's position.. We see scratches on the
text: floor beneath her fingernails.
text: Amy steels herself -- and then walks closer. On the corner of
text: the sink, there's a thick manila envelope with something
text: bulky inside -- something that looks just like a cassette
text: tape. There's a name written on it, and the marker is right
text: next to it. It reads "AMY"
text: Amy must reach past the corpse in order to reach the
text: envelope, horribly close to the body in doing so.
text: She enters the cramped space and reaches toward the sink. She
text: is about six inches shy of grabbing it. She notices that her
text: hip is almost touching Marla's face as she leans. The flies
text: stir. The stench rises.
text: She stretches closer, and Marla's body is pushed aside a few
text: inches. Closer and closer AMY reaches.
dialog: 
dialog: 21
text: Her outstretched fingers just manage to touch the envelope.
text: She pitches it and pulls it toward her.
text: It falls off the sink and onto the floor behind Marla.
text: Now, Amy must kneel, and reach past Marla face. She holds her
text: breath as she reaches long and far...
text: She manages to grab the envelope, but her face is almost
text: cheek to cheek with the rotting corpse. As she pulls the
text: envelope up, she notices something else in Marla's hidden
dialog: hand.
text: THE PUZZLE BOX.
text: Amy reaches over and pries open Marla's hand. Her blackened
text: fingers snap as they are pulled off the box. Amy grabs the
text: box and envelope, stuffs them into her bag, and stands.
text: As she stands next to Marla's body suddenly-
text: MARLA'S HAND GRABS AMY'S LEG!
text: Amy shrieks and swats the dead hand away, falling backward
text: onto the floor as she does. She rolls over and, in a half-
text: crawl, half-scramble, gets herself back up to her feet.
text: Amy backs up against a wall, kicking Marla as she kicks the
text: floor. We can't tell if Marla is moving from the kicks or if
text: she is somehow alive. Either way, its to much for Amy. She
text: stops moving.
text: Marla's mouth emits a ghastly sound as a stream of liquid
text: falls to the floor. Its almost as if she is trying to speak.
text: Amy has seen enough. Up she goes as she tears down the hall,
text: through the living room and SMACK INTO THE MANAGER!
text: Which needless to say, scares the shit out of her. He's
text: standing inside the now open door to the apartment.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: She's dead...
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Dead...
speaker_heading: AMY
text: Dead! She hung herself in the bathroom.
dialog: Call the police.
dialog: 22
text: The Manager grabs Amy by the arm. He pulls the cigar from his
text: mouth and points it in her direction. Amy hears police sirens
text: in the background.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Already did. Who are you?
text: (pointing his cigar at Amy's
dialog: satchel)
dialog: What do you have in there?
text: In a flash Amy twists her arm out of his grasp, and slings
text: her knee up into his nuts. He doubles over.
scene_heading: INT. THE HALL AND STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Amy comes flying down the hall at top speed. She reaches the
text: top of the stairs and starts down... ...and as she does, her
text: feet slip.
text: She slides down five or six steps, then over-balances,
text: throwing out her hands to keep her chin from hitting the
text: polished stone steps. She keeps sliding down, finally over-
text: balancing again, flipping over and landing on her back on the
text: landing half-way between the floors.
dialog: A
speaker_heading: MY
dialog: Dammit!
text: The Manager looks down the stairs for her. He doesn't even
text: attempt to chase her.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Stop her!
text: He curses her in his native tongue.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK - DAY
text: Amy breaks through the doors of the building. She hits two of
text: the ten stairs down to the sidewalk. People walking by hardly
dialog: notice.
text: Up ahead, a police car is turning down the street. She stops
text: and walks calmly, diverting her eyes. The police car races
text: by, and Amy walks faster, and faster, then runs.
dialog: 
dialog: 23
scene_heading: INT. AMY'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Close on a tray of ice being cracked apart. It's contents
text: poured into a open towel.
text: Amy is sitting on the floor in front of her couch, now
text: dressed in only panties and a bra -- an image unpleasantly
text: reminiscent of Marla -- especially with the spotting of
text: bruises and roughly bandaged scrapes on her pale skin.
text: She has a dripping ice pack in one hand, which she applies to
text: this bruise and that -- and a bottle of gin in the other. She
text: doesn't look happy. She takes a drink, then looks toward a TV
text: and VCR in front of her.
text: There's a tape half-inserted into the VCR. We can see the
text: empty envelope with "AMY" written on it, lying on the floor.
text: he tape is within reach of Amy's bare foot, and she lifts a
text: toe toward it, hesitant. She puts her toe against the
text: tape...hanging on the edge of decision. Finally, she shoves
text: it forward with her toe.
dialog: 
text: It slides into the machine. She grabs up the remote and turns
text: on the set. The IMAGE appears.
text: It's Marla, looking like she hasn't slept in days, sitting on
text: a chair in her apartment staring into camera. Her eyes are
text: glazed, distant. But she looks a hell of lot better than she
text: did in the bathroom.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: (a little sad)
dialog: I knew you'd come. Course if you're
dialog: watching this tape, it's already too late
dialog: for me. But maybe you can stop it.
text: Amy removes the PUZZLE BOX from her satchel. Stares at it.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: He promised us pleasures beyond anything
dialog: we could ever imagine. We just had to
dialog: fight through the pain first. Easier said
dialog: than done.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don't open the box Amy. If you do Winter
dialog: wins, and if he wins-
dialog: 
text: Someone pounds on a door. Marla panics.
dialog: 
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: (hurried)
dialog: Go to Pletkow station at midnight. Go to
text: the south end of the platform and step
text: onto the last car. Find a guy named Joey
dialog: who runs the show and tell him I sent
dialog: you. He'll guide you to them.
text: The POUNDING GETS LOUDER.
speaker_heading: WINTER (O.S.)
dialog: Marla!
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Save them Amy. Please...
speaker_heading: WINTER (O.S.)
dialog: Marla!
text: Marla leaps forward and-
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Those you trust the most -- trust the
dialog: least.
text: - shuts off the camera. It goes black for a few seconds, and
text: then cuts to snow.
text: Amy sits, staring at the snow, her face empty. She sets the
text: PUZZLE BOX on the table and stares at it. Takes a sip of her
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: AMY (TO HERSELF)
dialog: Don't open it. Right.
text: phone rings. It shakes Amy out of her fugue.
text: She leans over picks up the receiver. An old style phone.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yeah...
scene_heading: INT. CHARLES RICKMAN'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Charles sits at his desk. He is twisting pencils in a small
text: plastic sharpener.
dialog: (Intercut conversation.)
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Don't tell me I woke you up. I won't
dialog: believe that.
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You know I don't sleep when I'm working.
dialog: What do you want, Charles?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You were supposed to call me.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You know me, I dove right in. I was
dialog: gonna' call you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: The thing is... I started thinking.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You know that's never a good thing
dialog: Charles.
text: Amy looks at the Puzzle box on the table. It seems to be
text: reflecting the snow of the TV set in some strange form.
text: She looks closer, it's an ABSTRACT IMAGE OF A LITTLE GIRL
text: SCREAMING. She compares it to the TV set, it shows only
text: white static snow.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Look. I know the crazy stuff you do for a
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That's what I get paid for.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: And that's why I hired you. It's just.
dialog: Just... the thing is, Amy... some things
dialog: you shouldn't do, you know what I mean?
text: Charles finishes a pencil and blows off the shavings.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Look, I say this to you, but in my heart
dialog: I know that one time it's going to
dialog: happen... that you're going to end up, I
dialog: don't know -- dead or god knows what. But
dialog: when it does happen, I don't want it to
dialog: be my fault.
text: She watches the image of the little girl fade.
dialog: 
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Okay, Charles. I'll make sure it won't
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You know, you're messing with my
dialog: conscience, here. Amy...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Charles, I can't do the sensitive thing.
dialog: I don't know how. I get the message. I
dialog: knew the message before I got it. Okay,
dialog: Mommy? You've had a change of heart? You
dialog: want me to come home? Well I can't. Not
dialog: until I know the truth. So there. You're
dialog: off the hook. I gotta go.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AMY'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Amy hangs up. She waits a moment, hesitates -- then takes the
text: PUZZLE BOX from the table. She begins to explore it's edges
text: with her fingers, rolling it over and over in her hands.
text: It starts to unlock.
text: She jumps as it begins to change shape, and sets it back on
text: the table. Light seems to emanate from within as it clicks
text: into another form. The table beneath it seems tremble, the
text: ice in her drink taps against the edge of the glass.
text: figure appears in the darkness behind her. PINHEAD. Here we
dialog: go folks-
text: THE PHONE RINGS. She nearly leaps out of the chair, striking
text: the puzzle box with her hand. The Puzzle Box closes.
text: PINHEAD vanishes back into the shadows.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Charles, I get the message. OK? Your my
dialog: editor, not my Mommy!
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Charles?
text: Amy waits. But there's no sound.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hello? Hello?
text: A sound comes over the line -- a hoarse gurgling sound - a
text: ghastly wet sound - the same sound Amy heard coming from the
text: throat of the hanged Marla.
dialog: 
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: (through phone, wet choking
dialog: voice)
dialog: Don't open...
text: The line goes dead. She shoves the whole phone away from her.
text: She sits, breathing fast for a second, staring at the box.
text: Quiet. Only the sound of the snow on the TV.
text: She stands and pulls her pants on.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION - NIGHT
text: A thunderous noise trails a subway car as it streaks out of a
dialog: station.
text: Lit with cold fluorescent light, Amy, now dressed, with her
text: sunglasses in place, slides her card through the slot and
text: shoves through the turnstile. She descends the long, non-
text: working escalator -- the only one on it at this time of
dialog: night.
dialog: 
text: She reaches the subway platform. It is virtually empty.
text: Amy has come down stairs that land her just about in the
text: middle. She scans the far end of the platform, past a lone
text: FIGURE in a SHINY GREEN PLASTIC RAINCOAT who lies motionless
text: on a bench.
text: - a couple MIDDLE-AGED GUYS in security uniforms, maybe
text: heading for some night shift somewhere, stand, not moving,
text: hands thrust in pockets.
text: She turns back to the bench but the FIGURE in the SHINY GREEN
text: RAINCOAT is gone.
text: She takes up a position at the far end of the platform. She
dialog: waits.
text: A moment later, a bit of a breeze starts moving her hair. A
text: few seconds later, a train comes roaring into the station.
text: Amy watches the car pass her, one by one, as the train slows.
text: The train is virtually empty. One car after the next rolls by
text: as the train slows.
text: Finally, as the train moves slowly to a stop, a car different
text: from the others comes in. This one, for some odd reason,
text: seems to have newspaper covering all the windows -- taped up
text: from the inside.
dialog: 
dialog: 28
text: One of the doors of the covered car comes to a stop directly
text: in front of the spot where Amy is standing -- the spot marked
text: by the stenciled PUZZLE BOX. There's a pause, then the doors
text: slide open -- just one the one set in front of Amy. The
text: others stay closed. The interior of the car is dark -- the
text: lights, apparently, are not working.
text: A tall ODD-LOOKING MAN in a CONDUCTOR'S UNIFORM is standing
text: there. He gestures toward the adjoining car.
speaker_heading: ONDUCTOR
dialog: Next car.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Is Joey on this ride?
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Come on in...
text: She enters. The doors slide closed. The train pulls out.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT
text: The interior of the car has been transformed into some odd-
text: ball cross between a very small nightclub and an crackhouse..
text: As the train passes out of the station, and the lights dim,
text: we can see the lights from joints and crack pipes -- or at
dialog: any rate something being smoked in some kind of pipe,
text: glinting in the darkness. Various hands reach up and tug down
text: the newspapers, and the tunnel lights come in, providing a
text: flickering, constantly changing illumination.
text: In the uncertain light, Amy can see the various CELEBRANTS
text: hanging out -- some on the seats, some on the floor, some
text: dressed, some partially undressed, some engaging in desultory
text: drug use, others in desultory sex acts -- mostly teenagers
dialog: and twenty-nothings.
text: Amy looks around, not particularly effected by the oddness of
text: the scene. The Conductor touches her arm.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Down that way...
text: She threads her way through the tangle of people. In the
text: flickering lights she catches glimpses of pale human flesh,
scene_heading: PIERCED FACES, PIERCED NIPPLES -- PIERCED THINGS that we
text: can't even be sure what they are.
text: Expressions flash by in the flickering light, some dull,
text: others laughing.
dialog: 29
text: She pretty much ignores it all as she makes her way toward
text: the rear of the car. A rat feeds on the contents of a young
text: woman's purse as she and another woman are tangled in
dialog: passion.
text: There, illuminated in flashes, JOEY, a thin ill-shaven
text: English guy in his mid-twenties is sprawled on a seat. One of
text: his lower eyelids has a ring in it. It flicks up every time
text: he blinks. He reads a newspaper while a woman bobs her head
text: up and down in his lap.
text: Joey looks up and spots Amy. He points an accusing finger at
text: her, but his mood is good-natured..
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Ahhhh, now here comes a daring soul. A
dialog: person committed to a just cause. Another
dialog: seeker of the truth no doubt.
text: Joey is clearly smitten with Amy.
speaker_heading: JOEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I like what I see inside of you.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Are you Joey?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: I've been called worse.
text: He brushes the hair of the woman in his lap, then offers Amy
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: And I have the privilege of meeting...
text: Amy looks at the woman in his lap, declines a hand shake.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Amy Klein. Marla Chen sent me. I'm
text: looking for a girl named Katya. Another
text: young girl with red hair and half her
text: head shaved. A guy with glasses named
dialog: Winter.
text: Joey's eyes narrow. Something has clearly clicked. He laughs
text: slightly, starts shaking his head.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: And the plot thickens. Don't tell me
dialog: you're mixed up with those mother
dialog: fuckers. Tell me Amy Klein, do you even
dialog: know what they're about?
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That's why I'm here. I need you to help
dialog: me find them.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Oh, jeez. Moral quandary time here...
dialog: What should he do, what should he do? If
dialog: he tells her -- the hopefully available
text: and eminently fuckable damsel is thrown
text: into the pit of oblivion -- or anyway is
dialog: potentially fucked up for life. And that
dialog: would be such a regrettable waste. If he
dialog: refrains from telling her... she may yet
dialog: be saved. A possible trophy awaits me.
text: Angel and devil on the shoulder... hmm.
dialog: Angel, devil, angel, devil. Oh, the hell
dialog: with it Entropy's destroying everything
dialog: anyway. Why shouldn't I do my part?
dialog: A
speaker_heading: MY
dialog: Tell me what you know about the Deaders.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: You first. What do you think they do?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I think they bring the dead back to life.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Is that what you really think?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Who are they? Where can I find Winter?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Some people say Winter's some sort of
dialog: fucked-up guru, some say he's not human,
dialog: and others say he's not real. But there
dialog: is a place they hang out -- those who
dialog: believe I mean.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Where is it?
text: Joey hesitates. A part of him clearly doesn't want to tell.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Joey...
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Angel, devil, angel, devil.
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: If you don't tell me, someone here will.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Yeah, you see, now that's the problem.
dialog: You've got that fucked up self-
text: destructive thing going on.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I'm already into it.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Angel, devil, angel, devil
text: Amy produces the Puzzle Box from her pack. Joey looks at it
text: like he's just seen a ghost.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: This is making me very unhappy...
text: He pushes the woman from his lap. He's more serious now.
speaker_heading: JOEY (CONT'D)
text: Poteilari and Minvara. On the northeast
text: corner, two doors down, there's a
text: stairway going down into a closed up
text: building. It's always locked, and they're
dialog: not always there. I don't know where they
dialog: are when they're not. And once you get
dialog: mixed up with them -- it's like that
dialog: story with the tar baby -- chances are
dialog: you never get loose, and if you do, you
dialog: never get clean.
text: The "Conductor" shouts from somewhere.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Coming in!
text: Hands promptly reach up, covering the windows with newspaper.
text: The Conductor goes to the door. The band finishes its set as
text: the light from the station shines through the newspapers.
text: Joey, looking drab in the steady uneven light, stares at Amy.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: I can't take responsibility for you.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I'm not asking you to.
text: Amy begins to walk off. Joey leans forward, for the first
text: time he seems sincere, almost foreboding. He shouts over the
text: breaking train.
dialog: 
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Amy Klein, I'm doing a change of heart
dialog: thing here, which doesn't usually happen
dialog: with strangers, but I'm trying to give a
dialog: little back, it's this whole Karma kick
dialog: I'm on -- don't do it. Don't go any
dialog: deeper. Forget about it. Move away.
dialog: Change your name. Become somebody
dialog: different.
text: The other members of the car watch the two of them.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Can't do that. I've got that fucked up
text: self- destructive thing going on.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Yes you do.
text: The one door hisses open. Amy stares at Joey for a second,
text: turns and departs, back into the fluorescent lit station.
text: Joey calls after her.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Only he can bring you back!
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: Amy stands on the platform as the door hisses shut. The train
text: pulls away. She checks her watch, then moves to the other
text: side of the platform. She looks down the tunnel. The light
text: from an approaching train is beginning to reflect off the
text: curved wall of the tunnel.
text: She turns back in the direction she just looked. Far down the
text: platform, there's a bench with a lone occupant - - a slumped
text: over figure dressed in a SHINY GREEN RAINCOAT. She turns
text: toward it, staring. In the distance, no details of face or
text: form are visible -- just the lumpy figure in the shiny green
text: raincoat. She takes a step toward it, but still cannot make
text: out any detail in the slumped over figure. She approaches...
text: as does the train. There is no sign of movement.
text: She comes around, closer to the edge of the platform, to get
text: a more direct view of the green-coated form. As she does, she
text: sees that one hand is draped off the front edge of the bench,
text: hanging limp. The hand is gray.
text: Amy takes a step forward.
dialog: 
dialog: 33
text: His eyes pop open! He looks at her with large black eyes,
text: dead eyes. Dripping from beneath his raincoat is a small pool
text: of fresh blood.
text: Amy gasps, takes a step back -- and her heel lands on the
text: edge of the subway platform. She struggles for balance.
text: Abruptly, a man's voice comes from somewhere.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Amy Klein!
text: Amy stumbles forward, goes down to her knees and turns.
text: Around twenty feet behind her, standing on the edge of the
text: platform, with his back toward the drop, is-
text: - WINTER, wearing a black trench-coat, cinched at the waist.
text: He looks down the tunnel. Amy does as well. The train is
text: coming into the station. She turns back toward Winter. He
text: stares at her, with malevolent eyes.
text: And as the train comes flying in, he calmly falls backward,
text: directly into its path.
text: Amy screams.
text: In an instant she's up, running alongside the braking train.
text: The doors open, but virtually nobody comes out. The front of
text: the train is still far ahead.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hey! You hit someone! Someone fell in
dialog: front of the train! Hey! Hey!
text: The doors hiss and start to close. Finally, Amy reaches the
text: front window of the train. She hammers on it. It opens and a
text: middle-aged WOMAN'S face leans out -- the DRIVER.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Somebody fell... somebody fell in front
text: of the train.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Where? Where is he? Where'd he fall?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Back there, way back...
text: She looks back in the direction from which she's come. The
text: bench is now empty.
speaker_heading: T
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Aw, damn... Dammit!
text: Amy, though, is now looking, this way and that -- at the
text: confused faces of people peeking out through the doors of the
text: train. There is no sign of Winter
speaker_heading: IME CUT:
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - LATER
text: The train is still there, doors open. There are TRANSIT COPS
text: on the station, disgruntled passengers hanging out on the
text: platform... TRACK WORKERS are poking around underneath it.
text: Amy is leaning against one of the metal pillars, staring at
text: the empty bench -- at the place where the mysterious figure
text: was sitting. She's looking grim.
text: Behind her, a Track Worker approaches the DRIVER, who's
text: standing with a pair of Transit Cops. He's shaking his head,
text: shrugging. The Driver curses, heads back toward the first
text: car. One of the COPS approaches Amy.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Well, the men have looked.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: And there's nothing there?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: You don't seem terribly surprised.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hmm?
text: There's a sudden hiss. Amy turns as the train doors close.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I mean, you don't seem terribly surprised
dialog: that there isn't somebody under the
dialog: train. A
speaker_heading: MY
dialog: I don't know what to say. I saw him...
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Yeah. That's the thing. Can you tell me
dialog: again, just what it is that you saw?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Um, I was standing on the platform...
dialog: 
dialog: 35
text: The train starts to move out of the station. Amy looks toward
text: it. The train is moving on one of the center tracks, so that
text: you can look through the windows of the cars and see through
text: them to the platform on the far side.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: ...and, um... I saw this man standing on
text: the edge of the platform, facing away
dialog: from it.
text: But now Amy is seeing something -- through the windows of the
text: moving train. On the platform on the far side, there is a
text: lone figure, the man in the black trench-coat. Amy jumps,
text: looks more closely.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Did he say anyth...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It's him.!
text: In an instant, Amy is tearing down the platform, heading for
text: the stairs that connect to the platform on the other side.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Hey...
text: Amy is watching, staring through the moving train windows.
text: The figures are still there. Winter is staring at her -
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Hey, stop! Tomislav! Tomislav!
text: n the next instant, the Cop is giving chase, and another
text: Cop, clearly, the "Tomislav" called by the first Cop, further
text: down the station, is rushing in to head Amy off.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It's them! Over there, over there!
text: n the next instant, Tomislav tackles Amy and she goes down
text: on her face. Even with the rather large Cop on top of her,
text: she's still struggling.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: God damn it, get off of me! Get the hell
dialog: off of me... Get...
text: She keeps struggling as the first Cop, and the others on the
text: station, converge on her. She looks toward the far platform.
dialog: 
dialog: 36
text: The figure is still there, visible through the windows of the
text: departing train. Then, the last car of the train passes,
text: leaving an unencumbered view of the far side.
text: The platform is empty. No sign of Winter. No sign of anybody.
text: Amy stop struggling, as the Cops tug her arms back,
text: handcuffing her. She hardly notices, but keep staring at the
text: empty platform across the tracks. She glances up at the Cops.
text: panting Tomislav looks down at her. Then circles his finger
text: around his ear to his comrades. They all understand.
speaker_heading: TOMISLAV (IN ROMANIAN)
dialog: She's Crazy.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY
text: Amy sits slouched in a chair looking particularly pale. The
text: door opens behind her. She hears a familiar voice.
speaker_heading: CHARLES (O.S.)
dialog: Is this where they keep the cheaper
dialog: whores?
text: Amy glances up at him, without expression.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Christ, you're lucky to have a boss like
dialog: me. Once again, I have saved your small
text: but relatively shapely behind.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Least you got to travel. What were they
dialog: going to charge me with, anyway?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Charge you? They were thinking of
dialog: shipping you to the government asylum for
dialog: observation -- and believe me if you go
dialog: in there, you don't come out. But through
dialog: my mastery of international negotiations
dialog: I managed to convince them that you were
dialog: merely irresponsible. You got your stuff?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Come on.
dialog: 37
text: Slowly, feeling her bruises, Amy gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Charles and Amy walk and talk. It's pissing down rain.
text: Charles hold an umbrella for the two to share.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Why'd you give me this story?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Who else would have taken it? Either
dialog: they're going to think it's bull-shit, or
dialog: they're going to be too afraid of it. But
dialog: Amy Klein... Tell me it's real Amy.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It's real -- or I'm crazy.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Well, either way, it's a good story.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I've got leads. I'll know in the end.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You know, Amy dearest, for the average
dialog: person, hunger for knowledge is like
dialog: hunger... for food. We want to know just
dialog: enough to take the edge off our appetite.
dialog: Then we're satisfied, and we stop. But
dialog: you... you're like a glutton. You can't
text: help over-eating.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don't see you complaining.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: But you see, that's the point. That's why
dialog: I need you. Because all that stuff I
dialog: don't eat... I still want. So I send you
dialog: in to do the eating for me, and so I get
dialog: to experience it, without actually
dialog: suffering any mental indigestion.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That's for me...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Nobody's forcing anything down your
dialog: throat. Correct?
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You see, Amy, you never grew up with all
dialog: this Catholic god and guilt stuff. It
dialog: doesn't mean anything to you. I worry
dialog: about god and heaven and hell. Not during
dialog: the day, you understand, but around three
dialog: in the morning, it keeps me up. I want to
dialog: know what's coming. What's up in heaven
dialog: and down in hell, or even if there's
dialog: nothing. It's useful, when you're making
dialog: plans. So go find out and we'll tell the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You know, Charles, there's something
dialog: vaguely demonic about you.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Did you know, the word "demon" comes from
dialog: the Greek word for "knowledge." As in
dialog: "demonstrate."
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, I didn't know that.
text: Charles shakes his head, disgusted.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: American education.
text: They're in front of Amy's Hotel now. Charles flags down a
speaker_heading: CAB.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Then back to your room, lie down in your
dialog: coffin until the hours of daylight have
dialog: passed, as is your wont -- then go get me
dialog: my story. A
speaker_heading: MY
dialog: You don't have to worry.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I never do. I'm not here to save people
dialog: and I'm not here to judge them. I just
dialog: take `em as they come. And use them as
text: they pass by. I'll be at the Soffitel.
dialog: 
dialog: 39
text: Charles hops in the cab and drives off as Amy walks up the
text: steps to the Hotel lobby. Amy watches him go, waves, then
text: spins back towards the curb. She flags down a cab and hops
dialog: in.
scene_heading: EXT. POTEILARI AND MINVARA - DAY
text: A ragged, run-down place, looking bleak and ugly in the
text: bright light of day. We see the street sign, identifying the
text: place -- Poteilari and Minvara. A cab pulls up and Amy gets
dialog: out.
text: She crosses the street, passes one side door -- and then
text: comes to a building that's been sealed up -- doors and
text: windows cemented shut with cinder-blocks.
text: Beyond a narrow railing is a stairway, pressed up sideways
text: against the building, running down to a basement entrance.
text: Amy looks down the stairway to it's narrow bottom. The stairs
text: and the bottom are littered with trash. A filthy mattress
text: lies at the very bottom. Amy heads down.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOTTOM OF THE STAIRS - DAY
text: At the bottom of the stairs, there's a wooden door. A hole
text: has been punched through it and a heavy padlocked chain has
text: been threaded through it and through a heavy hasp that's been
text: bolted to the door frame. Some official government notice of
text: some kind has been tacked to the door -- long rendered
text: unreadable by the effects of time.
text: Amy inspects the padlock. It's heavy and uncompromising. She
text: tugs on the door and it opens to the limits of the chain --
text: but that's only a few inches. Amy peers into the darkness
text: beyond, but can't see a thing.
text: She looks down at the mattress that she's standing on, steps
text: to the side and shoves it up.
text: Then, as if the light breaks, she reaches out, grabs the hasp
text: and pulls. The bolts holding the hasp to the wall are loose.
text: They slide out with it. She tugs the whole thing free and
text: pulls the door open.
text: There is a narrow corridor beyond, all in gloom. Amy enters.
scene_heading: INT. THE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Amy steps in, her way illuminated only by the indefinite
text: light that leaks in from the street.
dialog: 
dialog: 40
text: There's an archway, presumably leading into the rest of the
text: basement, on one side, but it's blocked by a great heap of
text: rubble.
text: Amy ponders the chances of getting through it, and decides to
text: check out the rest of the hallway. She works her way through
text: a series of ominous corridors.
text: Amy senses that she is not alone, stops, and turns around. No
text: one. She continues.
text: There is only a single door left -- at the far end of the
text: hallway. It hangs half-open, but we cannot see what's inside.
text: She approaches it, reaches out and pushes the door open. It's
text: a bathroom.
text: As she enters we see a FIGURE beyond her in the hallways,
text: buried in the shadows.
scene_heading: INT. THE BATHROOM - DAY
dialog: This is one of those nasty little makeshift places built into
text: an available corner -- basically a toilet and a sink so close
text: that there's hardly room to move. A mop and some other
text: supplies, long forgotten, are propped up in a corner.
text: Amy steps in, looks down the toilet. Nothing left but some
text: nasty stains -- the water long dried up. Her face brushes
text: against something hanging in the air. She pulls back. It's a
text: pull string hanging from a naked light bulb.
text: She tugs on it. Nothing. No power here.
text: She stands in the dark, claustrophobic place, puzzled. She
text: looks back down the hall. It seems as if she's come to
text: another dead end. Then she stares at the bathroom door. Open
text: now, it blocks a piece of the bathroom wall -- the only place
text: she hasn't looked.
text: Amy steps back, virtually straddling the toilet, and pushes
text: the door closed. As she does, of course, what little light
text: there is, vanishes completely. If there's something behind
text: the door, she can't see it, or anything else.
text: Abruptly, there's a sharp click as she lights her lighter,
text: and the wavering light illuminates the tiny bathroom -- and
text: the previously unseen space behind the door.
text: The walls do not meet there. There is a narrow gap, leading
text: to a passage, apparently "between" the walls, perhaps ten
text: inches wide.
dialog: 
dialog: 41
text: Hesitating only a moment, Amy turns sideways and slides
text: herself into the claustrophobic slot. She holds the lighter
text: up ahead of her, but its dim flickering light does not reach
text: to the end of the passage. She moves forward cautiously --
text: the floor is littered with dried chunks of plaster, rotting
text: insulation -- seventy-five years of stuff crumbled from the
text: insides of the walls.
text: As she disappears into the tunnel, the door slowly opens
text: behind her. Passing across the rusty doorknob, a menacing
text: blade appears.
text: Inside the tunnel, Amy reaches a vertical pipe up against one
text: side of the wall - - only a few inches thick, but it reduces
text: the available room to under eight inches. She hesitates.
text: Meanwhile, the lighter in her hand is getting hot. She lets
text: it click off. In some dim half-light we can see her slipping
text: a handkerchief carefully around it, for insulation.
text: She flicks the flint. The lighter lights.
text: And, abruptly, around a million roaches , which had returned
text: from their hiding places in the absence of the light, go
text: skittering every which way.
text: Amy lets out a squeak as the roaches vanish in an instant.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Christ...
text: She looks at the pipe again, and then starts to squeeze past
text: it. It's a tight fit. She has to squirm to get through.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Welcome to club anorexia...
text: She pops free and comes out the other side. She holds up the
text: lighter. Still the light cannot reach to the end of the
text: passage. Steeling herself, she moves on. But as she does, the
text: space seems to get progressively narrower and narrower.
text: From ten inches to nine, to eight, until both sides of her
text: body are scraping against the walls. She holds the lighter
text: out. The wall continues to narrow.
text: At the end of her outstretched arm, the walls are only around
text: five inches apart.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What the...
dialog: 
dialog: 42
text: Clearly, she's reached the end of the line. Annoyed, she
text: starts to back out -- then realizes that the light on the far
text: side of her body renders the area into which she's now moving
text: essentially black as midnight.
text: She brings the hand holding the lighter close in to her body,
text: but she can't bring her hands together in front of her -- the
text: space is too narrow. Finally, she reaches her hand up, over
text: her head, passing the lighter from one hand to the other
text: directly over her head.
text: As she does, the lighter almost slips. She grabs for it, but
text: it goes out. Again she is lost in virtual darkness.
text: She strikes the flint. It flickers but doesn't light. As she
text: strikes it again, IT LIGHTS SOMETHING IN THERE WITH HER! Amy
dialog: doesn't see it, we do...
text: AND IT HAS A KNIFE IN ITS HANDS.
text: The light returns -- now illuminating the other side of her
text: body -- the way from which she's come. But, because the space
text: is so narrow, she can't turn her head towards the entrance.
text: Once again, the roaches go skittering away.
text: And Amy starts heading "back" from where she entered. Her
text: head facing away from her progress backward, trying to
dialog: squeeze through.
text: She holds up the lighter, it lights the area "ahead" which
text: she cannot see. The flickering fire exposes the figure
text: awaiting her.
text: The walls on this side now also seem to narrow. The space
text: revealed by the light is barely as wide as her fist, and
text: there is only darkness beyond. Darkness, and the figure with
text: the knife. Amy senses something is wrong.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What the ...
text: She continues, but now she can barely move a few feet before
text: the wall becomes too narrow to pass. She pushes, trying to
text: shove through the narrow gap. But she cannot move. The walls
text: have literally closed in, until she is now squeezed between
text: them. Panic sets in.
text: Gasping, Amy pushes against the wall she's facing. Trying
text: desperately to turn her head around. She forces with all her
text: might to turn her head, her facial features stretching almost
text: comically. She finally gets it around.
dialog: 
dialog: 43
text: She is face to face with the knife as it comes RIPPING
text: THROUGH FRAME, narrowly missing her arm.
text: Amy screams and drops the lighter. Now in darkness, she
text: scurries frantically away -- back deeper into the space.
text: Amy starts struggling, panic growing on her, trying to climb,
text: to crouch, to tug free in some direction, but her movement is
text: very limited. The walls seem to close in on her.
text: She is struggling to breathe against the pressing walls. The
text: figure keeps advancing towards her.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Stop! Please stop! Stop this!
text: She's flailing her arms now, frantic. The knife-wielding
text: figure struggles, having difficulty as well. One of Amy's
text: hands flies back and hits the wall behind her.
text: Now she really panics, her hands desperately scraping along
text: the wall looking for anyway out. There isn't any.
text: She looks back toward her attacker, who's now right on top
text: of her and raising the knife for one final blow.
text: Amy braces for the blade's impact as she pushes against the
dialog: wall when suddenly she-
text: Falls backward onto the floor. Her heart pounding. Her
text: breathing heavy.
text: She checks her arms for wounds. There aren't any.
text: She looks up. The Figure is gone.
text: She stands, confused, and finds herself in an empty room.
text: Some discarded junk, a pile of loose plaster. She leaps
text: forward, and nearly trips on a piece of rubble to get the
dialog: hell away from the entry. Odd thing is...here is no entry.
text: She whips herself around towards the sound of someone sharply
text: exhaling.
text: She looks this way and that, but can't see the source of the
dialog: sound. The attacker?
text: A pale light is visible, coming from around a far corner.
text: Someone steps into the light. A young BLACK KID. He holds a
text: finger up to his lips.
dialog: 
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: BLACK KID
dialog: Shhhh... follow me.
text: He signals her to follow him. Amy moves cautiously forward.
scene_heading: AN ADJOINING ROOM
text: The walls have been partially torn down. The light comes from
text: an adjoining room. Amy approaches cautiously, remaining in
text: the shadows, and leans forward, staring through a gap in the
text: wall into the room beyond.
dialog: The various participants, some of whom we recognize from the
text: videotape movie, are standing crowded around something on the
text: floor. Amy can't see just what it is that they're staring at,
text: at first, but she does see that one of the ones gathered
text: there is Katya, complete with the hole in her head. She
text: nervously puts a a finger into the hole and inspects the
dialog: blood.
text: The sound of the exhalations is coming from the unseen place.
text: Then somebody in the circle moves, to get a better vantage
text: point, and now Amy can see, clearly, what is going on.
text: Winter is lying on top of the corpse of a YOUNG MAN,
text: breathing into his mouth as he did with Katya. An almost
text: sexual encounter yields the same results as the tape.
text: He takes a final deep breath. And then, as before, the Young
text: Man gasps. Winter pulls away. As he does, we can see the
text: Young Man's face, smiling, despite the knife that is lodged
text: into his chest. Winters grabs the knife and yanks it out.
text: The others come forward, helping him up.
text: Winter stands and somebody slips a robe over his body. He
text: promptly looks straight at Amy, still hidden in the shadows.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: I have a room of my own. Kindly join me.
text: He throws the knife at the wall, where it embeds itself in
text: way further then it should have, and walks away. Amy moves
text: away from the opening. She circles around, through a doorway,
text: and into the space that she was previously watching.
text: She moves forward hesitantly, trying to avoid the touch of
text: the various occupants, who don't behave aggressively, but
text: clearly press forward, into her personal space.
text: She looks this way and that, trying to find where Winter has
dialog: gone.
dialog: 
dialog: 45
text: A hand comes down on her shoulder. She turns suddenly. It's
text: the Black Kid. He gestures.
speaker_heading: BLACK KID
dialog: Winter's through there.
text: He points toward a doorway, lost in shadow. Amy notices on
text: his pointing hand that his wrists have been deeply slashed.
text: She looks down to the other hand, which the kid politely
text: offers for her to examine.
text: Amy backs away through the crowd. Following her is the
text: recently revived Young Man, who's still completely naked.
text: He smiles at Amy. She moves away, and through the door to
text: Winter's room.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S ROOM - DAY
text: This is a small, dark space, light coming mostly from a
text: rather conventional-looking standing lamp. In the shadows
text: beyond the little space of light is a confusion of half-open
text: doors, walls and shadows, half lit rooms with un-guessable
dialog: occupants.
text: Winter is there, sitting in a padded chair in front of a
text: coffee table, reading a book. Amy steps inside. Winter
text: doesn't react to her presence. Abruptly, the door closes
text: behind her. She hesitates and walks forward.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Amy Klein.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You know me.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: I chose you.
text: Amy pauses, unsure, then moves forward and takes a seat
text: opposite him.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That was a hell of a way in. Makes me
dialog: think that you don't want...
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: People come in here the way they want. If
dialog: it was difficult, then that was the way
dialog: you wanted it. A little danger. A little
dialog: mystery. That's what you expected. That's
dialog: what you found.
dialog: 
dialog: 46
text: Winters puts the book down. His attention is now on Amy.
speaker_heading: WINTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you afraid, Amy? Just now? And
dialog: during your little "rite of passage"
dialog: through the walls?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yes. Was it real?
text: Winter smiles, he displays amusement to Amy's suspicions.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: And were you afraid when you saw Marla
dialog: Chen? Of what you found in the bathroom?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: You took something from her?
dialog: Winter studies Amy.
speaker_heading: WINTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you have it with you?
text: Amy opens her bag and produces the Puzzle Box. She lays on
text: the table between them.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: My great grandfather created that box.
dialog: He left it as a...gift. A way to cheat
text: death, an entrance to everlasting
dialog: pleasures, and it belongs to me. Though
dialog: there are others who would disagree.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Marla warned me about it, about you.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Really? Should I be honored or afraid
dialog: that you are here, Amy Klein. Do you
dialog: really think you can just go along with
dialog: us for a little ride and then get off
dialog: when it suits you? Like your new friends
dialog: on the train? You're not going to find it
dialog: so easy to get off this train.
dialog: 
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: So I shouldn't get on?
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Your already on it. Don't dance with me,
dialog: Amy Klein. Don't think for a second that
dialog: you aren't in danger. You are in more
dialog: danger than ever imagined possible.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What the hell does that mean?
text: Winter leans into Amy's space.
speaker_heading: INTER
dialog: Listen to me. There are things that are
text: true in the light of day. There are other
dialog: things that are no less true, that live
dialog: in the shadows. When you shine a light on
text: them, they disappear. They stop being
dialog: true. That's because it is the
text: uncertainty of the dark that makes them
dialog: possible. If the dark is deep enough...
text: anything might be happening in it.
dialog: Anything at all. I'm one of those things.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What happened to Marla Chen? What did you
dialog: do to her?
text: He stands and walks away from Amy.
speaker_heading: INTER
dialog: Marla? Why, I accepted her, that's all.
dialog: That's all I've ever done for the people
dialog: who come to me.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: She didn't want to become one of you,
dialog: whatever the hell you are. That's why she
dialog: killed herself.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Oh, but she did. And what makes you so
dialog: sure she's dead?
text: Winters studies Amy face.
speaker_heading: INTER (CONT'D)
dialog: We all die, over and over and over again.
dialog: Marla can't commit suicide. All she can
dialog: do is stop believing that she's alive.
dialog: And she can't even do that.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: WINTER(cont'd)
dialog: The more she doubts, the deader she
dialog: becomes. But she'll never really die,
text: because she's not really alive.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That doesn't mean anything. What I saw in
dialog: that room was real. What I smelled was
dialog: real. Real like this table.
text: She raps on the table with her middle finger, palm up. She
text: then lifts her hand up keeping her middle finger towards
dialog: Winter.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Real like, like this hand...
text: In a flash, almost supernaturally , Winter passes seemingly
text: through the chair and is front of Amy, her hand held tightly
text: by his. He reaches up with his other hand and uncurls Amy's
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: You say this is real?
text: He begins to move his fingers over her hand, enumerating the
dialog: various parts.
speaker_heading: WINTER
text: Epidermis. The dorsal fascia. Transverse
dialog: carpal ligament across here...
text: The process is taking on an oddly seductive quality.
speaker_heading: WINTER
text: The median nerve underneath it. Down
dialog: here, the carpal bones... And do you
dialog: think that all those parts are what makes
dialog: a hand? I'll show you what makes a
dialog: hand... here...
text: He begins to move his fingers through the spaces in between
text: her fingers. Amy is frozen still.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: CLOSE ON A DOOR being unlocked. We recognize it from the
text: opening montage. Slowly, it is pulled open to reveal:
text: A LITTLE GIRL standing there - frightened.
dialog: 49
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S ROOM - DAY
text: BACK TO SCENE.
speaker_heading: WINTER (CONT'D)
dialog: These spaces. That what makes a hand. You
dialog: get it by taking things away. You, Amy
dialog: Klein, are the infinitesimal speck that's
dialog: left when we subtract the infinite
dialog: possibilities that the space you occupy
dialog: might have held.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY(FLASHBACK)
text: The LITTLE GIRL kicking and screaming. She is pulled out of
text: the closet. We never get a clear view of THE MAN, but we know
dialog: he is pure evil.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S ROOM - DAY
text: BACK TO SCENE.
text: Close on Amy's hand, trembling in Winter's grip.
speaker_heading: WINTER (CONT'D)
dialog: (referring to her hand)
dialog: This thing here isn't a presence. It's an
dialog: absence. It's a place where things are
dialog: missing. In all essential qualities, it
dialog: is less than nothing. In all essential
dialog: qualities, we are less than nothing. Not
dialog: solid, not here, not real.
text: Amy finds herself responding, falling under his spell.
dialog: Flashback:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: The LITTLE GIRL is picked up under THE MAN'S arm, and pulled
text: away. His groping hands move seductively, and violently. She
text: is carried away out of sight, kicking and screaming.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
dialog: 50
scene_heading: INT. DEADER'S DUNGEON - DAY
text: Amy awakens from the trance. She is lying down surrounded by
text: the Deaders. Winters stands above her.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: What did you see?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: INTER
dialog: What are you afraid of, Amy?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I'm not afraid of you.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Yes you are, but still you can't run --
dialog: you won't run.
dialog: (studies her)
dialog: I wonder why that is?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm no devil. I'm no monster. Amy, I'll
dialog: never hurt you and I'll never leave you.
text: Amy doesn't answer. Winter extends to her a knife.
speaker_heading: WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Accept my gift. No more fear. No more
dialog: questions. No one can ever hurt you
dialog: again.
text: For a moment she appears to consider his offering. Then, as
text: if waking up... she shoves herself back away from Winter.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, get... get away...
text: But now the Dead are there, surrounding her, reaching out for
text: her. They begin to chant.
text: Winter takes the PUZZLE BOX and places on a makeshift altar
text: at the head of the mattress.
speaker_heading: DEADERS
dialog: (reciting)
text: My skin isn't real. My eyes aren't real.
dialog: My muscles aren't real. My bones, my
dialog: heart, my veins and nerves, and flesh and
dialog: meat... aren't real-
dialog: 
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Lie down Amy. It'll only hurt for a
dialog: second. I promise.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You're crazy.
speaker_heading: DEADERS
dialog: - What I see, what I hear, what I taste,
dialog: what I touch, what I remember, what I
dialog: think, what I feel, aren't real.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: No more pain. Only pleasure.
text: The Deaders start to grab onto her. She starts to panic a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: AMY (cont'd)
dialog: No!
text: She fights her way from the group and...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Amy SMASHES THROUGH a vertical plane of safety glass,
text: smashing it into a thousand tiny fragments as she goes
text: crashing back, through it...
text: Her head hits hard against a tile wall and she goes sliding
text: down, in the dark, her hand scrambling for something to hold
dialog: onto.
text: Her reaching hand grabs some metal handle. She pulls... and
text: abruptly, water begins to cascade down onto her face.
text: She turns herself sideways and rolls over, gasping. She's in
text: a bathtub... in fact she's just been thrown through the
text: safety-glass door. She scrambles over the bottom edge of the
text: sliding glass door, scraping herself across the tiny pegs of
text: glass that still line the border of the frame.
text: She pulls herself up, her hand feeling for a light switch...
text: Finally, she finds it, flips the switch.
text: She's in the hotel bathroom, slumped over against the sink.
text: Soaking wet, scratched, shaking, gasping, she stares at
text: herself in the mirror.
dialog: 
dialog: 52
text: There's a tiny square of glass stuck into her shoulder. She
text: tugs it loose. It clinks as she drops it into the sink.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It's not real... it's not real...
text: She lifts her hand to wipe the wet hair from her face... then
text: pauses. She turns toward the bathtub. She reaches through the
text: shattered door and turns off the shower.
scene_heading: INT. AMY'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: THE PHONE RINGS. She snatches it out of its cradle.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (through phone)
dialog: Amy it's Charles, I know it's not too
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You just can't go too long without
dialog: hearing my voice.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Guilty. Look, Amy, I've been thinking
dialog: about the story about what happened,
dialog: maybe this isn't for you.
text: Amy grabs the PUZZLE BOX off the table. She spins it in her
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Charles, you know I value your opinion-
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: - she said with condescension-
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: - but if there was ever a story I was
dialog: born to write, this is it.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I think it's too dangerous, for a lot of
dialog: reasons.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: This isn't like you.
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I know. I'm going to hate myself in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I'm just a little... fucked in the head.
dialog: That's all. It's just a funk, but I'm
dialog: fine. All I need is some sleep.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: OK. I just thought I'd put it out there
dialog: to see if you'd bite. I should've known
dialog: better. It goes against my instincts.
dialog: A
speaker_heading: MY
dialog: That's what I love about you. I'll call
dialog: you tomorrow.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey, Charles, did you know that the word
dialog: "demon" comes from the Greek word for
dialog: knowledge.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Yes I believe I've heard that somewhere
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Well, I wish somebody had told me about
dialog: it.
text: She hangs up, and shuts off a light on her way to bed.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: CLOSE ON the LITTLE GIRL slung under THE MAN'S arm, as he
text: carried her down the hall. She's scraping at the walls, the
text: door jams, anything to try to free herself from him.
text: Her hand sweeps across a small table at the end of the hall,
text: smashing over a GLASS VASE.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AMY'S HOTEL ROOM - LATER
text: The room is dark, drained of all color the way things appear
text: when we see in them in almost total darkness.
dialog: 
dialog: 54
text: Amy's lying in bed on her stomach. The sheet has crumpled off
text: of her. She's dressed only in her panties.
text: Abruptly, there's the sound of a wettish "thud" and Amy seems
text: to bounce a little. Her eyes open, but she isn't alarmed.
text: Still lying on her back, she flicks her eyes this way and
text: that, but, seeing nothing, she closes them again.
text: A few seconds later, we see some black liquid trickle across
text: her shoulder, coming from the unseen center of her back . It
text: follows a course down her backbone, then swerves and finds a
text: path along the inner edge of one of her shoulder blades,
text: finally trickling down her neck. It continues to flow,
text: staining the pillow by her face.
text: She stirs slightly, clearly feeling the trickle. She puts her
text: hand to her shoulder, smearing the black liquid. Still half-
text: asleep, she tries to "brush" it off... but it continues to
text: flow. Finally, her eyes open. She sits up painfully and looks
text: at her hands -- stained with this sticky black stuff. She
text: stares at it, not quite awake enough to figure it out.
text: She reaches over her shoulder, pulls her hand back, stained
text: with the black stuff. She looks down at her pillow, also
text: stained. Confused, she rises, painfully awkward, and heads
text: toward the bathroom. We can see that her feet leave blackish
text: wet footprints across the floor as she moves toward the
dialog: bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: She moves in, stares in the mirror -- sees the side of her
text: face and her shoulder, smeared with black. She fumbles for
text: the light, flips it on.
text: In the sudden, shocking glare of returning light, COLOR
text: abruptly re-enters the world... And the black of the liquid
text: that's stained Amy's face and hands, that track the floor of
text: the white-tiled bathroom, that smear the wall where she
text: flipped on the light switch turns instantly to its true color
dialog: --
text: The color of blood.
text: Amy gasps at the sight -- she looks like she's just crawled
text: out of a slaughterhouse. She reaches behind her, feeling her
text: back, trying to find the source of the blood that seems to be
text: pouring out of her, dripping to the floor, pouring down the
text: small of her back, staining the back of her panties a vivid,
text: ghastly red.
dialog: 
dialog: 55
text: In a sudden impulse she turns on the water in the sink full
text: blast, washes away the blood from her hands, scooping
text: handfuls onto her face and the front of her body. The water
text: drips to the floor, commingling with the blood, turning it a
text: nasty pink.
text: She reaches behind her back, feeling again -- her hand comes
text: back as vividly red as before. Again she washes them. She
text: stops dead, seeing something in the mirror.
text: Something is glinting between her breasts. She touches her
text: finger to it. It looks like a tiny bit of gleaming metal,
text: poking out from inside of her, almost like a tiny steel
text: splinter. It appears to have just barely broken through the
text: skin from "inside" -- barely a drop of blood.
text: She stands staring down at it, breathing fast. What the hell
dialog: is it?
text: Then, slowly, almost against her will, she turns her back to
text: the mirror and looks over her shoulder. She sees -- and we
text: see for the first time -- the center of her back where her
text: questing hands couldn't reach.
text: There is a knife there, literally thrust through the middle
text: of her back. The gleaming splinter between her breasts is the
text: tip of the knife that has literally transfixed her -- and
text: clearly transfixed the center of her chest -- her heart.
text: She strains her hands back, trying to reach this impossible
text: thing, but her grasping fingers can't touch it. She turns
text: back toward the mirror, staring into her own eyes.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It's not real... it's not real.
text: She clenches her eyes... opens them. Her fingers feel
text: desperately for the metal tip between her breasts. It's still
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Wake up... wake up... wake up...
text: She starts slapping her hands against the side of her face --
text: not gently, hard slaps. But she isn't "waking up." She grabs
text: her hair, pulls hard. Nothing. She's still there. The knife
text: is still stuck, impossibly in her back.
text: She sits on the closed seat of the toilet... not knowing what
text: to do. She reaches again for the knife, but she can't touch
text: it. She buries her face in her bloody hands.
dialog: 
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming...
dialog: (screams)
dialog: I'M DREAMING!
text: She stands, turns this way and that, not knowing what to do.
text: She looks around her bathroom, searching for something. She
text: tugs open the medicine cabinet, searches beneath the sink,
text: tugging the various stuff out. Whatever it is that she's
text: looking for, she can't find it.
text: She spins back to the mirror. Opens it. Slips back against it
text: wedging the knife handle between the door and the medicine
dialog: cabinet.
text: Holding one hand against the mirror, she starts to push away,
text: wincing in pain.
text: We can see the tiny silver tip between her breasts vanish
text: from view, drawn back inside her body . Slowly, making a
text: wet, sticky sound, the long thin knife begins to slide out.
text: With a gasp she heaves out... and the knife goes flying. It
text: bounces on the floor, splattering blood. With shaking hands,
text: Amy bends over and picks it up. She stands, staring at it.
text: It's some kind of nasty stiletto. Amy stands, staring at it.
speaker_heading: A FLASHBACK
text: Amy searching Marla's drawers, tugging one open -- pressing
text: the stud on a stiletto. ON THIS STILETTO.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: She looks down toward the floor. She is literally standing in
text: a pool of her own blood. She gasps, turns back toward the
dialog: mirror.
text: Blood is pouring from the wound. Gasping, almost crying, Amy
text: stumbles back into the main room. With shaky hands, she picks
text: up the phone, then realizes that she's still holding the
text: stiletto in her hand. She drops it on the table. Her bloody
text: fingers press in the numbers -- 9-9-9 (emergency).
text: She waits, standing in the middle of her dark hotel room,
text: shaking, bloody. She can hear the phone ring and ring.
text: Finally, there's a click as the line picks up. But there's no
text: voice on the other end.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hello, hello? Hello? Is there anyb...
dialog: 57
text: Then she stops dead. There is somebody there, and making a
text: sound we've heard before. The nasty gurgling that Amy heard
text: when she tried calling Marla's room.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: (through phone)
dialog: Only he can bring you back.
text: She slams the phone down, tears the cord from the wall. As
text: she turns to fling it she hears the sound of a man speaking.
text: She turns at the sound.
text: PINHEAD is standing across the room from her, reading from
text: one of the books on a tiny bookshelf in the corner.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "--to all of us - there comes the closing
text: of the doors - the entrances - the exits -
dialog: so that one may pass no more out or
dialog: in..."
text: He closes the book, turns toward her.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Walt Whitman. I like your taste in books.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Came with the room. Along with the
text: uncomfortable couch.
text: Amy puts the phone back on the table.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Who are you? Why did you do this to me?
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: I didn't. Believe me, when I want to hurt
dialog: you, it will be more than a scratch.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Then why the hell are you here? Why are
dialog: you in my room?
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: This isn't your room. It's mine...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What...
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: This is my room, my building, my
dialog: street... my world. You still can't
dialog: believe that you're in the "real" world,
dialog: can you? I mean... you've just had a
dialog: A knife run through you. Shouldn't it hurt?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It's a dream. I'm dreaming...
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
text: No. Dreams come to an end. Nightmares are
dialog: forever.
text: He approaches her. She backs away.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: You've been recruited as a soldier in
dialog: another man's war. A war he will never
dialog: win, that I can assure you.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: You will. Soon enough. But one shouldn't
dialog: worship false Gods. Especially when that
dialog: false God is themselves.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I'm not a believer.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Oh you will. Tell me, do you believe in
dialog: Hell?
text: Looks down at the blade jutting out from her chest.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Starting to.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: You opened a door. He pulled you in. But
dialog: the only way out -- is through me.
text: He steps towards her.
text: She grabs up the phone, flings it. It hits the far wall and
text: falls to the floor. Winter's gone. She reaches a hand behind
text: her, to her back, brings it back, red with blood.
dialog: 
dialog: 59
scene_heading: A MOMENT LATER
text: We see Amy rolling a towel up into a tight cylinder. Hands
text: trembling, she lays it across a wide strip of duct tape that
text: she's unwound from a roll and laid down on the table, sticky
dialog: side up.
text: She presses the towel down so that it sticks, then picks up
text: the tape, with towel attached. She slides the towel down the
text: center of her back until it covers the wound, and then tugs
text: the tape tight across her chest, compressing the towel
text: against the wound.
text: She takes the tape and awkwardly loops it around the towel
text: and herself a couple more times, finally biting through the
text: tape and tossing the roll away. She yanks yesterday's clothes
text: up, discards the skirt in favor of a pair of black jeans.
text: She tugs them up over her bloody legs, pulls a black shirt on
text: over her top, thrusts her bloody feet into a pair of heavy
text: shoes and finally tugs on a black leather jacket.
text: She goes to the mirror, turns, trying to see how her profile
text: looks with the towel stuffed in her back.
text: She turns, about to leave... then realizes that her hands are
text: red with her own blood. She hurries to the sink, rinses them
text: off, and rinses the blood off of her face and neck, then
text: grabs her bag and heads out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. AMY'S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Amy comes unsteadily down out of her Hotel.
scene_heading: EXT. DARK STREET - NIGHT
text: More shadows than light.
text: She comes around a corner and onto a narrow street, moving
text: fast, her feet making loud echoey clip-clops on the street.
text: There's a bum, dressed in rags, leaning up against the wall
text: of a building.
text: As she approaches him, he stirs slightly. Then she looks more
dialog: closely.
text: The man is eating something very crunchy. He stares at her
text: blankly as he picks crickets off the wall and devours them,
text: one by one. He offers her one, and smiles.
dialog: 
dialog: 60
text: Amy leaps back, turns and runs. Some distance down the
text: street, there seems to be a flicker of light, a trace of
text: noise.
text: She scrambles toward it. It's coming up from a subway grate.
text: She throws herself down on it.
text: Down below she can hear the roar of a subway train passing
text: below. Indirect, flickering light shines up from below.
text: She looks up. There's a subway entrance. She hurries toward
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. TOKEN BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Amy comes down the stairs. No sign of life. The fluorescent
text: lights flicker - some dead. Amy fumbles for her metro card.
text: This is one of those unattended entrances with entry through
text: the top-to-bottom turnstiles.
text: She starts through the turnstile. Then with a squeak, it
text: sticks and she finds herself stuck half-way through, unable
text: to move forward or backward. She tries to back out, but the
text: thing won't turn in that direction. She heaves forward. It
text: finally gives way. She looks this way and that, back through
text: the turnstile, she sees her bloody footprints leading all the
text: way through.
text: Amy hears footsteps echoing towards her. Through a large
text: mirror at an intersection, she sees the source of the
text: footsteps. A cop on the beat.
text: Amy looks down and sees she is standing in a pool of her own
text: blood. The footsteps get louder.
text: She sees a stack of newspapers next to her on a stand. She
text: grabs one and throws it down in front of herself to cover the
text: blood. It soaks threw in no time. The Cop is nearing the
text: corner. She grabs another, then another, and throws them
text: down. The pool of her blood leaks from under them all. The
text: cop rounds the corner, he has a baton he taps against his
dialog: leg.
text: Amy grabs the whole stand and tips it over. With a loud
text: SMASH, it spills the newspaper everywhere. As the cop walks
text: in front of Amy, the blood is hidden beneath the pile of
text: newspapers. Amy bends down to attend to the mess.
text: She makes eyes with the Cop and shrugs her shoulders at her
text: "mistake". The Cop smiles and nods, and keeps on walking.
text: The sound of his footsteps vanish down the corridors.
dialog: 
dialog: 61
text: Amy collects herself with a few deep breaths, and moves on
text: towards the platform.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: Amy stands on the platform as a train whooshes into the
text: station at HYPER-SPEED then stops instantly in front of her.
text: The doors hiss open and Amy is greeted by the tall Odd-
text: looking Conductor. She pushes past him.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - NIGHT
text: The train lurches forward as Amy makes her way through the
text: usual crowd of CELEBRANTS.
text: She finds Joey sitting court in the middle of the train car.
text: He's wearing a pair of terminator sunglasses.
text: Amy approaches. His face seems sickly pale in the flashing
text: light.
text: He moves abruptly, a slight turn of the head -- toward her.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Well look who's back. What now?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I need... please... please help me.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Help you with what?
text: Amy hesitates an instant, then tugs open her shirt, revealing
text: the gaffer's tape that holds the rolled-up towel to her back.
text: She works at it. Finally, it tears. She tears it straight
text: down the front of her chest as Joey watches, passive.
text: Her chest is stained with blood. She licks her fingers and
text: wipes the blood away from the middle of her chest. Joey's
text: eyes narrow. He leans forward to study it. He leans in
text: closer, hesitates, then leans back, looking Amy in the eye.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Wow, are those real?
dialog: 
text: Amy doesn't react.
dialog: 
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Okay, you're not in the mood for my light-
dialog: hearted banter. What the hell, this isn't
dialog: my idea of paradise either.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don't understand. Why aren't I dead? Or
dialog: am I? Please...
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Life, death, they're not all that
dialog: different, really. You can find your
dialog: death in your life. You can find your
dialog: life in your death. Round and round and
dialog: round you go.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Please, help me.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: I am helping you.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Then explain what the hell is going on.
dialog: Why did I have a knife buried in my back?
dialog: Why am I seeing dead people walking
dialog: around? Why is there a guy with Pins in
text: his head stopping by in the middle of the
dialog: night for a chat.
text: She gets in his face.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Why am I not DEAD!
text: There's a jolt as the train starts to pull into the station.
text: The light from the station begins to illuminate the inside of
text: the car more clearly. Joey leans back from her.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Whoa. It's time to give in Amy, you're
dialog: just fighting it too hard. Forget about
dialog: the truth, forget about reality, just sit
dialog: back and enjoy the ride. There's nothing
dialog: you can do anyway. We're all just piece's
text: in Winter's little puzzle.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: The box.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: You're willing to do anything to find the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: JOEY(cont'd)
dialog: That's what I find most attractive about
dialog: you. Well, that and the fact that you
dialog: have a great ass. You and I are the same
dialog: really, we're both willing to take it as
dialog: far as it will go, to the edge, to the
dialog: extreme.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know what our biggest problem is Amy
dialog: Klein? Neither of us know when to get off
dialog: the God damn train.
text: The train jerks to a stop, tossing Amy a little. She regains
text: her footage and turns back to Joey but in the flickering
text: fluorescent light, Joey's skin suddenly looks sickly pale.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Joey?
text: He doesn't answer. He doesn't move.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Joey come on. Let's get off the train.
dialog: Right now, you and me.
text: He still doesn't move. Amy reaches out a shaky hand and takes
text: his glasses off.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (voice trailing off)
dialog: You and me...
text: Joey's eyes are empty, glazed. He's dead. Not only is he
text: dead, it's clear that he's been dead for awhile.
text: Then she freezes when she realizes the sound has completely
text: dropped out around her.
text: All she can hear is her heart beating.
text: She slowly turns around to find that all of Joey's Celebrants
text: on the train are also dead and surrounded by the familiar
text: buzz of flies.
text: Some of the dead are hung from the hand rails by HOOKS AND
text: CHAINS, their throats slashed, eyes gouged, bullet holes in
dialog: the head, etc...
text: A large female cenobite is sewing the filleted skin from one
text: Deaders throat open to reveal his vocal chords. He makes a
text: sound at Amy and his chords vibrate.
text: But there's this one COKE HEAD GUY who was snorting a line
text: when Amy got on the train.
dialog: 64
text: He looks normal as he snorts up the last rail off his hand-
text: held mirror.
text: She studies him for a moment when suddenly he turns to her
text: and we get a good look at his FACE.
text: The entire left side of his face has rotted away and we can
text: see the powdery coke lining his decaying left nostril.
scene_heading: COKE-HEAD GUY
text: Looks like the party's over.
text: Suddenly all she can her is the LOUD ROAR OF THE TRAIN.
text: Amy stumbles back, turns to run into the next train car and
dialog: smacks right into-
text: MARLA CHEN. A horribly decaying Marla Chen.
text: At first Amy is confused but then something clicks behind her
text: eyes as she shoves Marla back down the train car.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Why did you do this to me?
text: The trains screeches into the station and the doors HISS
speaker_heading: OPEN.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: We have to go...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: I didn't have any other choice.
text: Amy looks down at her shirt as BLOOD begins to soak through
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What's happening to me?
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: You're dying.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Like me.
text: Marla grabs her hand and starts to pull her along.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Please. We've got to go!
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: That's for you to decide.
text: Amy looks around the platform, as if deciding what to do.
text: There's a little panic in Marla's voice.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: You see, that's the problem right there.
dialog: I'm supposed to help you. Like... Like
dialog: Winter helped me. But I don't know if I
dialog: can.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Then why are you here?
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: To try... Because I have no other choice.
dialog: No turning back now-
dialog: (re:how she looks)
dialog: Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, I don't. I don't know one God damn
dialog: thing anymore.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I just want to go home.
text: Marla gives her a comforting smile.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Then let's go home.
text: They jump down to an abandoned track and head into the
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: A strange twisting tunnel with eerie blue lights. Pipes
text: running along the ceiling, dripping water and hissing steam.
text: Amy and Marla march quickly towards camera.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Marla what... what happened to you?
dialog: 
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: MARLA
text: I put my head through a noose and I
text: jumped ten feet down. They cut me down,
dialog: and Winter breathed into me, and I was
dialog: alive. And everybody was happy... and
dialog: like, congratulating me...
text: Marla's eyes are wet with yellowish tears.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: And for a while, it was great. But it's
dialog: like being a tightrope walker... you're
dialog: walking along on this rope, and then all
dialog: of a sudden, it's like you realize -- I'm
text: walking on a rope a hundred feet up in
dialog: the air. And that's when you fall.
dialog: (
dialog: struggles to control herself)
dialog: I tried to end it. That's when you found
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Why are you doing this? Why am I here?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: For the reward from it all.
text: The tunnel starts to take some weird twists and turns.
text: They stop and Marla turns amy in her direction. The place
text: starts to tremble, a train is approaching from far off.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: But it isn't enough for somebody else to
dialog: stick a knife into you. You have to come
dialog: to the point where you can do it to
dialog: yourself -- that's the acceptance. The
dialog: final preparation before you give your
dialog: soul to it. Willingly.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: But why? What it is all for?
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: That's the missing link. That part he
text: keeps to himself. But he promises an
dialog: eternal paradise filled with the ultimate
dialog: pleasures. We just can't be afraid. And
dialog: we can't have any doubts.
dialog: (introspective)
dialog: Guess I screwed up on that part.
dialog: 
dialog: 67
text: The tunnel is narrowing, the train is right around the bend.
text: Amy turns to the sound of the rumbling train.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Fear is where you go to learn.
text: Amy spins back to her. "Huh?"
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Sorry. I told you there's no turning back
dialog: Amy. Only he can bring you back.
text: Amy's attention is on the train, it roars in at full
text: throttle.
speaker_heading: WINTER
speaker_heading: AMY!
text: Amy turns around just as the train is about to run through
text: them to find WINTER, arms open for her.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: (screaming over the train)
dialog: All roads lead home.
scene_heading: INT. A BED - DAY
text: Amy's eyes abruptly pop open.
text: She's lying on a white pillow, with white sheets tucked up
text: over her. She turns her eyes to one side. There's a hospital
text: curtain, the kind on a railing, pulled closed around her. She
text: looks down.
text: She's lying in a hospital bed. She tries to move, but she
text: realizes her hands and legs are tied to the bed by large
text: leather straps. Charles is there, in a chair, watching her.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Good morning.
text: He takes a sip of coffee. She struggles with the straps.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Amy don't fight it, it's only going to
dialog: make things worse.
text: Her eyes dart around the room in a panic.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What the hell happened?
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I didn't hear from you. I went over to
dialog: your hotel. You were lying on the
dialog: floor... covered in every kind of stuff
dialog: that can come out of a human body...
dialog: She remembers.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: The blood...
text: Amy looks down at her gown, expecting a large red stain, but
dialog: there's no blood.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Okay. Every other kind.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don't... I mean I didn't...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You were sort of... having a psychotic
text: episode, sweets. Major mental blow-out.
dialog: And frankly, it's about time. Jesus you
dialog: were tied down for a day and half.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Listen, I'm trying to get you out of
text: here, back to London, but with the damage
dialog: to your hotel room... They're not going
dialog: to be so quick to let you go.
text: Amy takes a look around the psych ward. PATIENTS walking
text: aimlessly, mumbling to themselves, arguing with unseen
text: opponents, rocking back and forth in catatonic states.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Look, Amy, you probably won't have to
dialog: stay...
text: Amy feels a sudden rush of relief. A little nervous laughter.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hey, Charles, Charles... this is the best
dialog: news I've had in a long time.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Well, there you go. A whole new
dialog: definition of optimism.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What about Marla Chen? The story?
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: CHARLES
text: They found her dead in her room. She hung
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: They found her. You mean the police?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Yeah. She'd been there awhile. Probably
dialog: did it right after she sent us the tape.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Jesus, I don't know. Does it matter?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, I guess not.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: But this is a good story too. Call it,
dialog: "My Psychotic Episode" -- or, wait, maybe
dialog: "Psychotic - Episode One." Or "Psychotic
dialog: Pilot Episode." You know, some play on
dialog: words with episode.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Look, there's a lot of raw material
dialog: around here. Emphasis on the word "raw."
dialog: Maybe they'll let you use a felt-tip pen
dialog: or something to take notes.
text: Somebody pulls the curtain aside. It's an ORDERLY. His name
text: tag identifies him as M. KIRCHER. This guy's a little out
text: there, like maybe he's been dipping into the medicine cabinet
text: a little too much. His eyes nervously scan the room, like
text: somebody's watching him.
speaker_heading: KIRCHER
dialog: Well look who's back. How we feelin?
text: She motions to the straps.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Trapped.
speaker_heading: KIRCHER
dialog: Sorry. They're for your own protection.
dialog: The way you were flailing around when
dialog: they brought you in -- somebody was bound
dialog: to get hurt.
dialog: (he chuckles to himself)
dialog: Get it. BOUND to get hurt.
dialog: 70
text: Amy doesn't laugh. Doesn't even crack a smile.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Don't quit your day job.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (to Kircher)
dialog: What's say we lose the charm bracelets
dialog: for now?
dialog: (turns to Amy)
dialog: Unless of course you somehow find all of
dialog: this -- stimulating.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Don't drag me into your fantasies
dialog: Charles.
dialog: (to Kircher)
dialog: Please.
text: Kircher obliges and scribbles something on a folder at the
text: end of the bed. Charles leans over, gives her a little peck
text: on the cheek. As he does, he whispers to her.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I'll see about getting a camera in
dialog: here...
text: He stands, winks at her.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Feel better.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When you get a chance, check out the
dialog: public area. It's a swinging place. I
dialog: mean, like, they're literally...
dialog: swinging.
text: He heads out. Amy watches him go. She waits a beat, and then
text: hops out of bed. She looks around for Nurses and Orderlies
text: but there's no one around. She exits frame.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH WARD/COMMON AREA - DAY
text: Blank walls lit with flickering fluorescent lighting. There's
text: a TV hanging from ceiling in the corner showing TIME-LAPSE
text: PHOTOGRAPHY of a blooming rose (a little homage to the
dialog: original Hellraiser.)
text: We move to find a various assortment of PATIENTS, but none of
text: them are watching the TV, they're too busy entertaining
text: themselves and their invisible friends.
dialog: 71
text: Amy enters cautiously, feeling a little threatened by the
text: other patients. She looks around, not sure where she should
text: plant herself and then she sees her-
text: A LITTLE GIRL (age 6) sitting off by herself in the corner of
text: the room drawing pictures. A few of them (a half human/half
text: monster clawing at a closet door, a child screaming, a child
text: running from the monster, a child holding a butcher knife,
text: etc.) are taped on the wall behind her.
text: Amy walks over to her. There's just something about her.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Mind if I join you?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Please. I'm drawing pictures.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I can see that, they're lovely.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Want me to draw your picture?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I'd like that very much.
text: The Little Girl stares at Amy and focuses in on her features.
text: We can't see what she's drawing as her little hand starts to
text: move across the sketch pad.
text: But there's something a little off. Her hand doesn't move
text: like a six-year-old would draw, it moves with the confidence
dialog: and control of an adult's.
text: Amy tries to get a glance at the portrait. The Little Girl
text: pulls it close to her.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: No peaking.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I'm sorry, you're right.
text: With a few more strokes the drawing is complete. The Little
text: girl studies it, pleased with herself.
text: She spins it so Amy -- but not the audience -- can see it.
text: CLOSE ON AMY -- her eyes wide with terror.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: What do you think?
dialog: 72
text: AMY'S POV as we get our first good look at it.
text: It's Amy's face as a CENOBITE, twisted and stretched in a way
text: that begins to reveal the skull around her DARK EMPTY EYES.
text: There's also that nasty knife wound in the center of her
text: chest with hooks stretching the skin back and to the side.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL (O.C.)
dialog: I only draw what I see... Amy.
text: Amy backs away from her, trembling.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: How do you know my name?
text: The Little Girl giggles. Amy turns to the other drawings that
text: the Little Girl has taped to the walls.
speaker_heading: T
dialog: hey too now all look like Cenobites, some look like Deaders,
text: one looks just like WINTER...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No... this isn't happening.
text: Amy gets up to run but then she freezes when she sees-
text: MARLA sitting on the opposite side of the room. But here's
text: the thing. She looks fine.
text: Amy walks over, hesitant, confused.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Marla?
text: Marla doesn't seem to recognize her.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Marla! You're alive.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: You say that like it's a good thing.
text: Marla takes a long quiet look around the room and then leans
text: in close, unable to keep up her charade.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: You know he's watching us.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Who?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: S
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Winter. This is where he sends all the
dialog: trouble makers. Tries to show us who's
dialog: boss. Tries to make us believe.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: So it is real?
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: As real as you want it to be. We all have
dialog: our own version of the truth, some are
dialog: just more screwed up than others. But you
dialog: wouldn't know that, because you still
dialog: don't know the truth.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: You will. You see that's the point. All
dialog: this, "Deaders", "Cenobites", whatever
dialog: you want to call it, it's all about
text: solving the puzzle. Part of that puzzle
dialog: is you. Finding the secrets that are
dialog: hidden within you.
text: Marla pokes a finger at Amy's heart. Right on her wound.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: - in there. And as soon as you find that,
dialog: as soon as you face it, you'll be free.
dialog: Once and for all.
text: he pulls back into her chair.
speaker_heading: MARLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Me -- I'm still looking.
dialog: A
speaker_heading: MY
dialog: But what is it all for?
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Ultimate pleasure -- more than anyone,
dialog: even those who have solved the puzzle
dialog: before us, have ever known. Conditions of
dialog: the nerve endings the likes of which your
dialog: imagination could not hope to evoke.
text: Marla stares at Amy deeply. The breaks into a smile.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: ...at Least that's what they say.
dialog: 
dialog: 74
text: Marla looks around the room to see if anyone is watching her
text: and then she takes Amy's hand and leans in close.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARLA
text: Problem is Winter can't solve the puzzle.
dialog: Only a few chosen ones -- with just the
dialog: right amount of depravity and loneliness
dialog: in their soul -- can.
dialog: beat)
dialog: So he's been on this quest for years,
dialog: searching for that mythical person who is
dialog: both willing to join us and can also
dialog: solve the puzzle. And it would seem, Amy
dialog: Klein, that that person is-
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Bingo baby. Sorry.
text: She's trying to give Amy a clue without tipping off anyone
text: who might be watching her.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: He has to be there for you Amy. And he
dialog: will be. Like he was for all of us.
dialog: That's the key. Without him, you can't
dialog: come back. It's you he wants. Its you he
dialog: needs. Remember that above all.
text: Marla looks down at Amy's chest. Amy follows her stare to
text: find blood starting to soak through her hospital gown. Amy's
text: eyes begin to glaze over.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Looks like you're running out of time.
text: Amy leaps up from the table and suddenly Marla is gone. In
text: fact the whole room is empty and dead quiet. A pool of blood
text: lies beneath her seat. She staggers a bit as she moves
dialog: forward.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The main corridor. It seems to go on forever.
text: Amy turns back to the common area. Empty.
text: The she hears the familiar sound of A LITTLE GIRL SCREAMING.
text: It's faint and echoing.
dialog: 75
text: Amy turns back down the corridor to the Little Girl's voice.
speaker_heading: MARLA (V.O.)
dialog: It's all about finding the truth...
text: Amy starts to slowly make her way down the long cold
dialog: corridor.
text: With each step she takes, the walls of the corridor become
text: whiter, slowly bleaching out. She looks below her and sees
text: the blood now draining from the wound.
text: She stumbles back slowly and turns as the LITTLE GIRL'S
text: SCREAMS continue.
text: Then she hears the BANGING and RATTLING of a door. Like
text: someone's fighting to get out.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: AMY'S FATHER half walking, half stumbling out of one of the
text: rooms at the far end of the corridor. He's dressed in a
text: stained white tank top shirt, his eyes glazed and distant.
text: He's knows the source of the noise -- and he's pissed.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Back to scene.
text: Amy keeps stumbling down the corridor.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: Now Amy is within the flashback. She looks good, no blood,
text: almost peaceful. Her father looks down the corridor toward
text: Amy, but doesn't seem to see her. He turns and storms off in
text: the opposite direction.
text: Amy can't believe what she's seeing, but she can't help
text: herself. She follows him.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Back to scene.
dialog: 76
text: Amy is stumbling more than walking as she grows weaker with
text: every step. Her eyes begin to glaze over and her vision is
text: beginning to blur.
text: She looks down to find the trail of BRIGHT RED BLOOD trailing
text: behind her on the otherwise PURE-WHITE floor.
text: When she looks back up she finds herself in-
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: The hallway from Amy's childhood home. Her Father is now only
text: a few steps in front of Amy as he reaches the door to his
dialog: office.
text: He turns into it and we follow Amy as she steps into the
text: office behind him to find-
scene_heading: INT. FATHER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The CLOSET DOOR rattling at the far side of the room. The
text: Little Girl (who we now realize is a YOUNG AMY) is screaming
text: on the other side. We now know this door. Her Father marches
text: toward it, his rage building.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Back to scene.
text: Amy screams out to him.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Leave her alone!
scene_heading: INT. FATHER'S OFFICE - DAY(FLASHBACK)
text: His hand tightens around the knob.
text: He opens the door, raising his free hand, ready to strike a
text: powerful blow.
text: YOUNG AMY stands there quietly, with the sweetest smile on
text: her face.
text: Then HE SEES THE KNIFE. The BUTCHER KNIFE in YOUNG AMY'S
speaker_heading: HAND.
dialog: 
dialog: 77
text: But it's over in a blink as she quickly buries it deep in his
dialog: chest.
text: He stumbles back from the closet in slow-motion as-
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDORS
text: Amy screams. She reacts to the violence.
text: Her vision is blurring and fading fast as her life rushes out
dialog: of her.
text: She turns back to her Father and everything is in slow-motion
dialog: as we-
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
text: Her Father stumbling back.
text: Amy losing consciousness.
text: Her Father falling backwards. The knife buried up to the
text: handle in his chest.
text: Amy hitting her knees and wobbling there for a beat, trying
dialog: to hold on.
text: Her Father's head falling backward.
text: Amy's head falling backward onto the floor.
text: Young Amy stands there and stares without emotion
text: WE HOLD TIGHT ON AMY'S FACE FROM ABOVE as her eyes flutter
dialog: closed.
text: And then- Young Amy all alone in the world. Stands there over
text: the body. We see for the first time a smile from the young
dialog: girl.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S ROOM - DAY
text: AMY'S EYES SNAP OPEN as we quickly BOOM UP to find her lying
text: on a mattress in the middle of the floor surrounded by-
text: THE DEADERS. She's in the middle of the ritual. The Deaders
text: are all chanting. Marla and Joey are there.
speaker_heading: DEADERS (O.C.)
text: My skin isn't real. My eyes aren't real.
dialog: My muscles aren't real.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: DEADERS(cont'd)
dialog: My bones, my heart, my veins and nerves,
dialog: and flesh and meat... aren't real. What I
dialog: see, what I hear, what I taste, what I
dialog: touch, what I remember, what I think,
dialog: what I feel, aren't real.
text: With a glance she can see that the PUZZLE BOX, in its solved
text: configuration, sits on a make-shift altar at the head of the
dialog: mattress.
text: WINTER is towering over her at her feet. He holds out a knife
text: -- THE FAMILIAR STILETTO -- for her to take.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: You've gone through this before Amy. Go
dialog: through it again -- with me.
text: Amy has a sudden look of resignation, mixed with a little
text: relief. She reaches out and slowly takes the knife from
dialog: Winter.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: That's it. I knew you were the one. The
dialog: second I saw you, I knew you were the
dialog: one.
text: The chanting continues.
speaker_heading: DEADERS
text: My skin isn't real. My eyes aren't real.
dialog: My muscles aren't real. My bones, my
dialog: heart, my veins and nerves, and flesh and
dialog: meat... aren't real. What I see, what I
dialog: hear, what I taste, what I touch, what I
dialog: remember, what I think, what I feel,
dialog: isn't real.
text: Amy looks at Marla. She looks deader then ever. She chants
text: with the others. Winter holds the knife closer for Amy.
text: Amy looks at the PUZZLE BOX. RAYS OF LIGHT start to stretch
text: out like hands and swirl from the PUZZLE BOX.
text: THE ROOM STARTS TO RUMBLE.
text: A BLACK VOID starts to take shape and swirl behind them.
text: Winter is pleased.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: It's working. I knew it.
text: He kneels down next to Amy.
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Say it with us Amy. You have to say it
dialog: with us.
text: Amy's hands start to tremble.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: Yes you can Amy. You're one of us now,
dialog: all you have to do is take this final
dialog: step and let the pain go. And welcome a
dialog: world of ultimate pleasures.
text: AN ARM, bluish white, stretches out from
text: the VOID trying to grab Joey who ducks
text: it's grasp.
text: The Deaders break the circle around Amy as more ARMS reach
text: out from the void. The VOICES OF TORTURED SOULS, twisted and
text: warped, scream out for help in the wind that BURSTS out of
dialog: the void.
text: HOOKS AND CHAINS reach out and grab the outstretched arms,
text: dragging them back into the VOID. Back into Hell.
text: The Deaders turn to Winter -- they're all a little freaked
text: out. From the look on their faces it's clear that this isn't
dialog: at all what they expected.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Where are the naked chicks? The oil? The
dialog: orgies?
dialog: It's not what Winter expected either.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: (calm)
dialog: Finish it Amy.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Finish it!
text: Amy steels herself with sudden resolve.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don't think so.
dialog: 
dialog: 80
text: And with that Amy SLAMS THE KNIFE Into the makeshift alter
text: next to her.
dialog: And that's when-
text: PINHEAD steps through the void and into this world. A few
speaker_heading: CENOBITES follow.
text: All the Deaders step back - this is weird... even for them.
text: Amy leaps up and stumbles back as Pinhead slowly approaches
text: Winter, carefully studying him as he does, until he's right
text: in Winter's face.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: I see that evil does run in the family.
dialog: inter is plays it tough. But it's all an act.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Your lineage is of a craftsman. You
dialog: should have stayed in the family
dialog: business. I sacrificed my mortal self for
dialog: that box.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: It's mine now. It belongs to me.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: That's where you're painfully wrong. We
dialog: belong to it.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: It created you, and it can destroy you.
dialog: (to Amy)
dialog: Amy, finish it!
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: When it is done with me -- perhaps -- but
dialog: I'm afraid one's own personal hell is
dialog: eternal, as you will soon see.
text: Pinhead takes in the Puzzle Box on the makeshift altar, the
dialog: Deaders, Amy.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: The box is not just the map of the road --
text: it is the road itself.
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: The ultimate experience.
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Experience is a funny thing boy, it likes
dialog: to test us first and teach us later. Are
dialog: you sure you can pass the test? Are you
dialog: sure you want to?
speaker_heading: WINTER
dialog: You can't hurt me.
text: Pinhead smiles.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
text: It's not the first time I've heard that.
text: AND THEN IT'S HOOKS AND CHAINS TIME.
text: They reach out from the void all around Winter and stab into
text: him. He screams out in complete agony as they tear at him and
text: stretch his limbs to the point of ripping them off.
text: AND THEN THEY STOP.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: And it won't be the last.
text: Winter's screams subside as a rush of pain surges through
text: him, numbing him.
text: He's just able to turn his head to Pinhead and crack the
dialog: slightest "fuck you" smile.
text: Winter tries to talk, but the skin around his mouth is
dialog: stretched too tight.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: When you attempted to challenge evil you
dialog: entered into my domain. There is no way
dialog: in but through me.
text: Pinhead gets in close to Winter's face.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Careful what you wish for.
text: Now we can see the terror in Winter's eyes.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: It just might come true.
text: Winter screams as he is finally torn apart by the chains.
text: Pinhead turns his attention to the DEADERS.
dialog: 
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: This world, it obviously disappoints you
dialog: all. Perhaps that's why you choose to
dialog: begin this journey. And as long as you so
dialog: willingly accepted, allow me to finish
dialog: off what he started.
text: And out of the darkness an oversized MENACING CHAIN comes
text: FLYING OUT, HARPOONING straight through the midsections of
text: all the deaders lined on the right side of Amy. Piercing
dialog: 
dialog: them at all different levels.
text: Then another chain HARPOONS the Deaders on the left side. The
text: Deaders look like fish on a stringer. They dangle there,
text: suspended by the chains.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: (to Amy)
dialog: And as for you. You opened the box, you
dialog: brought us all together. You chose
dialog: wisely. I'm pleased.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I didn't want any of this. They used me
dialog: to open the box. I didn't choose to do
dialog: anything.
text: Amy looks to Marla, she's got the fear of god in her. Pinhead
text: sees Amy looking for help.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: She's one of us now Amy. Now a guide to
dialog: the far reaches of pleasure. To a world
dialog: where suffering is taken to higher level.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: You opened the box.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I didn't mean to. I only wanted the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: And now you have it. But knowledge comes
dialog: with a price -- and it's time to pay.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What about them?
dialog: 
dialog: 83
text: We see the CENOBITES now with snake-like tongues working
text: their way up the line of Deaders towards Amy. They're
text: preparing each one as they pass. Poking them with large pins,
dialog: piercing them, stitching them, filleting them, etc...
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: They belong to me now. They offered
dialog: themselves willingly through him to me --
dialog: And now it's time for you to do the same.
text: Amy grabs the knife from the floor and points it at Pinhead.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: It won't be that easy this time. But yes,
dialog: your Father is with us too. And he's
dialog: waiting for you.
text: These words pierce through Amy. She looks at Marla, now
text: barely hanging on to any signs of liveliness. Her head lifts
text: up to Amy.
speaker_heading: ARLA
dialog: You're here to stop this Amy. He needs
dialog: your soul willingly. Don't let him take
dialog: you. Don't go willingly.
text: Marla looks at the knife. Amy gets it, she only has one way
text: out. Marla can see the uncertainty in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: Its over. Winter is gone. You can't come
dialog: back. You won't become a Deader...or one
dialog: of them.
text: Marla looks to Pinhead, then back to Amy. They both know what
dialog: she has to do.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARLA
dialog: (her final words)
dialog: Only he can bring you back.
text: Amy sees the meat hanging off the chains. It used to be
text: Winter. She glares at Pinhead with a sudden look of
text: confidence, like a light bulb has gone off and she can
text: finally see her way out. She raises the knife high in front
dialog: of her.
text: The two SNAKE-TONGUED CENOBITES move in closer to Amy. They
dialog: can't wait to have a little taste.
text: For a moment, Pinhead is pleased, then Amy begins the DEADER
text: CHANT, but reverses its meaning.
dialog: 84
scene_heading: AMY PINHEAD
text: My skin IS real. My eyes ARE It's too late to save
dialog: real. My muscles are real. My yourself. Your soul is mine
dialog: bones, my heart, my veins and and mine alone. Your Father
dialog: nerves, and flesh and meat... is waiting for you. He misses
dialog: are real. What I see, what I you so much.
dialog: hear, what I taste, what I (louder)
dialog: touch, what I remember, what The only way out Amy Klein --
text: I think, what I feel, is is THROUGH ME.
dialog: real.
text: The Cenobites freeze for a beat and turn to Pinhead. They
dialog: haven't seen that before.
text: She stares Pinhead right in the eyes.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I didn't give my soul to him...
text: Amy points the knife at what's left of Winter.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: ...and I'm not giving it to you.
text: And with that Amy thrusts the knife into her chest. Pinhead
text: screams out.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: No!
text: The room starts to fill with a BRIGHT LIGHT. The Puzzle Box
text: starts to close as-
text: Pinhead and the boys are sucked back into the void, which
text: closes behind them.
text: Amy looks up from the knife planted deep in her gut-
text: - AND SMILES. She tips out of frame as the screen bleaches
dialog: white and we-
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHARLES RICKMAN'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Where we suddenly find ourselves lost in some bright
text: flickering space, filled with the sound of static. Abruptly,
text: the static vanishes, the flickering space congeals -- and we
text: realize that we are watching a television screen.
text: And as we PULL BACK, we realize that we are seeing a news
text: report on from SNN (Satellite News Network).
dialog: 
dialog: 85
text: We are in Charles's office. He's there watching this new
dialog: report.
text: Images of what appear to be a terrible explosion fill the
text: frame (stock footage from a terrorist attack in London
text: perhaps?) Cars on fire, imploded building, panic in the
dialog: street, etc...
text: The door opens and his assistant BETTY comes in. She watches
dialog: Charles for a moment.)
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I just talked to the Police. Still,
text: nothing. She's just gone. Left her hotel,
text: left her clothes, left her money. No sign
dialog: of her anywhere.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: See no Amy. Hear no Amy...
speaker_heading: BETTY
text: Just like Marla Chen. Apartment just left
dialog: empty. No trace. The police say its to
text: early to file an official report.
dialog: (off his concerned look)
dialog: Do you think they she with foul play?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (off the TV) I don't know, I just don't
dialog: know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Too bad, too. It would have made a hell
dialog: of a story. (beat)
dialog: I'm sure she'll come walking in here any
dialog: minute, carrying with her my story.
text: Charles watches the report on the TV. Pandemonium in the
dialog: streets.
dialog: 
dialog: It's a hell of a story, too. It just gets
dialog: better and better. And it looks like I
dialog: just may need somebody else crazy enough
dialog: to go get it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Maybe you have. Your three o'clock's
dialog: here.
text: Betty leans her head out of the room signalling someone out
text: in the hall to come in.
dialog: 
dialog: 86
text: A YOUNG BOMBSHELL REPORTER enters, holds out her hand to
text: Charles who suddenly perks up as he takes it and leads her to
dialog: the couch.
text: As he does we move past Charles and the young reporter to the
dialog: 
text: TV. A REPORTER reports live from the scene of a terrible
dialog: explosion in-
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Bucharest, Romania.
dialog: 
text: Over the continuing images of this destroyed building,
text: surrounded by police cars and fire trucks , the sirens
text: blaring over all the confusion,s Charles courts the reporter.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHARLES REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Miss Turner. It's a pleasure Witnesses say the building,
dialog: to meet you welcome you to located at the corner of
dialog: our team. Let's cut right to Poteilari and Minvara just
dialog: it, shall we. imploded. Firefighters have
dialog: I received this tape which I been on the scene for several
dialog: would like to show you...and hours now. Sources say the
dialog: well, I think it's a story only thing that seemed to
dialog: you could really wrap your survive the collapse of the
dialog: head around. I hope your building was a this, (she
text: willing to do so... holds up the puzzle box) this
dialog: small relic, found
text: incredibly, undamaged.
dialog: 
text: We move past the image of the puzzlebox on the TV and settle
text: on the FRAMED PHOTOGRAPH of AMY AND CHARLES in happier times -
text: - smiling. Probably the first time we've seen a smile on
dialog: 
text: AMY'S FACE since the last time we've seen this picture.
text: We get a sense that maybe she's finally at peace.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
