scene_heading: INT. _ LEMARCHAND’S WORKSHOP NEARLY MIDNIGHT
dialog: 
text: RUN TITLES over a series of EXTREME CLOSE-UPS:
text: A pair of human hands working delicately on tiny cogs and
dialog: machinery.
text: A human eye grotesquely expanded though a magnifying glass.
text: A tiny screwdriver tightening a tiny screw.
text: Intricate internal mechanisms of silver, gold and jewels.
text: INTERCUT with shots of beautiful and intricate automata;
text: A Monkey-Musician in blue and gold livery holding a violin.
text: A Harlequin holding the hand of a coy Columbine.
text: A silver-faced clown perched on a trapeze.
text: The TITLES end. WIDEN to reveal the workshop of PHILLIP
text: LEMARCHAND lit by candlelight. The automata stand on wooden
text: shelves which line the room along with plans and drawings.
text: At the workbench, Phillip - handsome, 30, obsessed by his
text: craft - is hunched over his work, keeping us from seeing it.
text: Super-imposed: THE OUTSKIRTS OF PARIS 1784
text: There’s a strange atmosphere. Perhaps it’s the CRAZY SHADOWS
text: thrown by the flickering candles. Perhaps it’s the sound of
text: the WIND in the midnight darkness outside. Perhaps it’s the
text: amplified HEARTBEAT of Phillip. Something gives an edge to the
dialog: scene. We’re waiting for something to happen.
text: With a cry of triumph as something clicks into place, Phillip
text: sits back on his chair, his latest creation in his palm.
text: We recognise the object of black wood and filigreed gold - the
text: LAMENT CONFIGURATION, a hell-summoning Box from HELLRAISER.
text: The workroom door opens and Phillip’s wife GENEVIEVE enters.
text: Mid-20’s and beautiful, she is in her nightdress.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: Is it done?
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND:
dialog: Done!
speaker_heading: GENEVIEV:
dialog: (yawning)
dialog: Is it wonderful?
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND:
dialog: Wonderful!
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE:
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Are you brilliant?
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: (returning the smile)
dialog: The finest toymaker in France!
text: They both laugh affectionately. Beneath their words and their
text: smiles, though, is an undercurrent of .. what? Anxiety?
text: Uncertainty? Perhaps they both sense Phillip is involved in
text: something that he doesn’t quite understand.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: What does it do?
text: Proudly, Lemarchand manipulates the Box through various
text: positions until, at a certain point, the mechanisms within
text: seem to take over and it moves itself into the final swastika-
dialog: like configuration familiar from the previous films
text: ... and remains sitting on Lemarchand’s hand. No chains, no
text: hooks, no blue lights, no screams of pain or pleasure.
text: The interested smile on Genevieve’s face falters.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE:
dialog: Oh. (beat) It doesn’t actually do anything, then?
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: (stung into cold defensiveness)
dialog: It all but defies the laws of physical geometry! It’s my
dialog: masterpiece! You simply couldn’t understand...
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE:
dialog: I meant no offense, Phillip. I’m sure it’s terribly intricate.
dialog: It’s just... dull. I prefer your acrobats and lovers.
text: Laughing disarmingly, she crosses to the shelves and activates
text: some of the older automata. The monkey musician begins to saw
text: at his fiddle. Harlequin kisses Columbine, who hides her blush
text: behind a fan. The Clown swings over and around his trapeze.
text: Lemarchand, far from placated, is standing and fastening a
text: cloak around himself.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: I was working to a commission. To very specific requests. The
dialog: Duke has what he wanted.
text: Genevieve registers the cloak as Lemarchand heads for the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: It’s midnight! Where are you going?
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
text: The Chateau Du Reve to deliver the box.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: Now!? Why?
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Because my work might be appreciated there. And it is the
dialog: appointed hour.
text: Opening the door, Box in hand, he sweeps from the room.
text: Genevieve watches the door close behind him.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: The appointed hour - Midnight! Aristocrats... (cont.)
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHATEAU DU REVE MIDNIGHT
dialog: 
text: A magnificent mansion stands in its own grounds. Below its
text: lawns is a front gate. A SHADOWY FIGURE hovers at the gate - a
text: beggar or derelict of some kind. The camera moves to show...
text: Lemarchand at the impressive front door of the Chateau.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: (off)
dialog: (cont.) ... Such strange people.
text: The door is opened by JACQUES, a 19 year-old servant-cum-
text: apprentice to the Chateau’s owner - who stands behind him, the
text: powdered and periwigged DUC DE L’ISLE.
text: De L’Isle’s age is hard to determine beneath the layers of
text: white powder that cover his face but the red and rheumy eyes
text: and spidery limbs suggest he is at least in his late 50'’.
text: From somewhere in the house, a clock tolls midnight.
speaker_heading: DE’L’ ISLE
dialog: Lemarchand. As precise as your pieces, as timely as your toys.
dialog: Enter, enter.
text: Lemarchand steps over the threshold...
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, HALLWAY NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: into the hall - candle-lit, its outer reaches lost in
text: shadow. There’s an impression of decay beneath the finery; a
text: bright light would probably show peeling paint and cobwebs.
text: De L’Isle’s eyes glitter as he looks at the Box in
text: Lemarchand’s hand. Beckoning, he leads him across the hall
text: toward a room.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: Come. Someone is eager to meet you.
text: Lemarchand follows, his manner nervous. He is a middle-class
text: artisan in the house of an aristocrat.
text: Jacques closes the door and looks at Lemarchand and De L’Isle
text: as they walk away. There is a look in his eyes - covetous,
text: ambitious, and secretive.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, GAME ROOM NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: A room lit by many candles, providing a rich atmosphere of
text: contrasting orange light and flickering black shadows.
text: EIGHT CARDPLAYERS - male, four finely-attired, the other four
text: in military uniform - sit at a large table. A game in progress
text: halts as the players look up as De L’Isle and Lemarchand
dialog: enter.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: A moment, gentlemen, forgive me. Madame?
text: A stunningly beautiful woman, emerging from the shadows at the
text: room’s end, moves to De L’Isle and Lemarchand.
text: This is the PRINCESS ANGELIQUE. Dark, mysterious, exquisite.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: Phillip Lemarchand - The Princess Angelique.
text: Angelique extends her hand. Lemarchand - visibly struck by her
text: beauty - bends to kiss it. As he straightens, he finds himself
text: the subject of a penetrating stare and a ravishing smile.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Your fame precedes you, toymaker
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: The Princess is your true patron, Lemarchand. The Box was her
dialog: conception, your employment her idea.
text: Lemarchand places the Box in the hands of Angelique.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Though the box is unworthy of your beauty, Princess, I pray
dialog: its amusements be worthy of your attention.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: I thank you, sir. And I pray your workmanship is as elegant as
dialog: your tongue.
text: Phillip glows in the warmth of her smile and her words. His
text: face falls, however, as she instantly turns to De L’Isle.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: (flatly, unsmiling)
dialog: Pay him.
text: She turns without another word and moves back into the room,
text: leaving De L’Isle amused at Phillip’s obvious disappointment
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: Never mistake your superior’s politeness for affection,
dialog: toymaker. And never forget your place.
text: The sound of a firmly closing door bridge the CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHATEAU DU REVE NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Lemarchand walks away from the closed front door, his brush
text: with the rich and powerful abruptly over. The path takes him
text: past the lit windows of the game room. He looks in.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DE REVE, GAME ROOM NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: Jacques fills glasses at a drinks-table. His secretive eyes
text: constantly scour the room - observing, recording, learning.
text: At the card-table with Angelique, De L’Isle claps his hands
text: for attention and the Players look up at them. We get a
text: clearer look at the Players now and some sense of their
dialog: personalities;
text: CORBUSIER - the natural leader. Rakishly good-looking.
text: Sardonic smile. Cruel eyes. D’Artagnan with a bad attitude.
text: DELVAUX - De L’Isle’s age but fat, ruddy and libidinous.
text: L’ESCARGOT - thin, pinched, and cold. Efficient and amoral. In
text: his next incarnation, an accountant at Auschwitz.
text: DE CONDUITE - a dandy. An effeminate heterosexual. Knows a lot
text: about ladies’ fashions. Probably collects snuff-boxes.
scene_heading: L’HIVER, PRINTEMPS, L’AUTOMME and L’ETE - young army officers
dialog: earning the ways of the world from these decadent companions.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: Gentlemen: A new game.
text: Angelique holds the Box up to their collective gaze and hands
text: it to D L’Isle, who passes it on to Corbusier. A secret look
text: passes between Angelique and De L’Isle - his full of
text: expectation, hers full of promise.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHATEAU DU REVE NIGHT (CONT.
dialog: 
text: Through the window, Lemarchand sees Corbusier take the Box.
text: The card-player’s mouth moves as if making some comment and we
text: see laughter from his fellows. It is clear that, though
text: Lemarchand can see the action in the room, he can’t hear
dialog: anything.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, GAME ROOM NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: De L’Isle smiles at whatever witticism Corbusier made.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: Come, sir. We are all players here. Do we laugh at challenges
dialog: or except them?
text: Corbusier weighs the Box in his hand.
speaker_heading: CORBUSIER
dialog: And what would be the challenge here, De L’Isle? To name this
dialog: frippery? How about “The Arabian Dice”? - for it is as
text: filligreed as a Moorish temple and as simple as a child’s toy.
text: Amidst the laughter of his fellow players, he rolls it on to
text: the table in contemptuous parody of throwing a dice.
text: Angelique snatches it up. Her icy voice stills the laughter.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: It already has a name, sir. The Lament Configuration. And as
dialog: to being simple - It’s complexity, I wager, is beyond your
dialog: skill.
speaker_heading: CORBUSIER
dialog: (looking her up and down)
dialog: A pretty name, Madame. Are the stakes you would offer as
dialog: attractive?
text: The others giggle at the lascivious implication in his words.
text: Angelique silences them with a freezing glance and then -
text: playing them perfectly - allows a coy smile to blossom on her
text: face. She holds the Box up again.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: The Box looks solid, Gentlemen, but in skilful hands may be
dialog: unlocked and maneuvered. Pass it among yourselves. For every
dialog: successful stripping of its secrets... I shall respond in
dialog: kind.
text: To appreciative murmurs from the players, Angelique raises the
text: Box to her lips and kisses it.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Now it is complete. Will you play, Sir?
text: She proffers it to Corbusier, who takes it eagerly and begins
text: to manipulate it, searching for its secrets.
text: The eyes of the players are fixed on his efforts - so they
text: miss the secret smile that passes between Angelique and De
text: L’Isle. And all of them are blind to the rapt attention of
dialog: Jacques.
speaker_heading: CORBUSIER
dialog: Ah! There you are!
text: The Box clicks to a different position. Looking up, he passes
text: the Box carelessly to Delvaux, his expectant eyes on
dialog: Angelique.
text: Nodding in acknowledgement, Angelique undoes some catches and
text: removes her dress. It’s 1784, so there are still several
text: layers of undergarments to go. Nevertheless her action draws
text: smiles from the players and sends Delvaux eagerly to work
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHATEAU DU REVE NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: Lemarchand’s jaw drops as he sees Angelique disrobe.
text: (INTERCUT to Lemarchand at various points through the “game” )
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, GAME ROOM NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: Delvaux works as his fellows watch, quoffing drinks or taking
text: snuff. L’Escargot is next but it’s De Conduite who calls out
speaker_heading: DE CONDUITE
dialog: Time, sir, time! Pass it on!
text: L’Escargot reaches for the Box but Delvaux snatches it away.
speaker_heading: DELVAUX
dialog: No! I’ve nearly... There!!
text: The Box moves to another setting. All eyes turn lustfully to
text: Angelique to obligingly removes the first of her petticoats.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: Play on. Play on.
text: L’Escargot takes up the Box and begins.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE -
dialog: - The Box moving from hand to hand, from position to
dialog: position.
dialog: - Angelique removing succesive layers of clothing.
text: - Increasingly-flushed and excited faces.
text: - A secret excitement growing in De L’Isle’s eyes.
text: - Jacques watching, as excited as his master
text: - Lemarchand’s face beyond the glass, fascinated and shocked.
text: Finally, the Box comes back to the hands of Corbusier. He
text: looks at Angelique - now clad only in a corset and bloomers.
speaker_heading: CORBUSIER
dialog: It occurs to me, Madame, that should there be more secrets on
dialog: the table than on the floor, we will need fresh inducement for
dialog: our endeavours.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Oh, there are always more secrets, sir. Always more surprises.
dialog: Now - will you talk or will you play?
text: Viciously, Corbusier twists at the Box, seeking one more
text: configuration... and finds it. The Box flies from his hands to
text: the centre of the table - and begins to move itself.
speaker_heading: CORBUSIER
dialog: What?
text: The players all stare in fascination at the moving Box.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: As I say. Always more secrets. But a wager is a wager...
text: She begins to loose the catches of her corset.
text: De L’Isle moves to stand with Jacque.
text: INTERCUT the Box’s movements with the loosening of the corset.
text: The Box clicks into a penultimate position and BLUE LIGHT
text: glows bright from within it and through the seams at its
dialog: sides.
text: Lemarchand is shocked. The Box has secrets its maker didn’t
text: suspect. Before he can see more, the drapes suddenly FALL SHUT
text: against the window - as if something knows he’s watching.
text: The players don’t notice; breath held, their eyes are on
text: Angelique as she opens her corset to reveal herself...
text: Her torso transforms - suddenly it is covered in a score of
text: SCREAMING MOUTHS and DEMONIC EYES that stare balefully out
text: into the room. Her FLESH RIPPLES in constant motion as if full
dialog: of impossible life!
text: Instantly, the room is full of the AMPLIFIED SOUND OF DEMONIC
text: WHISPERS and bathed in BLUE LIGHT. Angelique’s skin takes a
text: blue tone and her eyes turn completely BLACK! The movements on
text: her chest culminate in a GAPING WOUND that opens there!
text: Amid CRIES OF HORROR AND FEAR from the cardplayers, the Box
text: clicks into its final position, streaming BLUE LIGHT...
text: ...and the room explodes into hellish and unnatural life!
text: - The entire room TREMBLES as if caught in a quake
text: - Unearthly WINDS explode up from the floor sending the candle
text: flames shooting upwards in powerful RED FIRE, casting
text: NIGHTMARE SHADOWS on the walls.
text: - Hellish RESTRAINTS shoot from the chairs, twisting around
text: the players’ limbs, trapping them in place.
text: - Overhead, a LARGE WROUGHT-IRON CANDLEABRA hanging from the
text: ceiling moves into a new shape, its eight rococo arms
text: straightening out into viciously SHARP AND POWERFUL LANCES.
text: The players look up in horror at what has become a killing
text: machine overhead...
text: ...and the CANDLEABRA falls from the ceiling, each of its
text: eight arms heading unerringly for the body of a card-player!
text: CLOSE on the back and base of a chair as a SPIKE smashes
text: through it, followed by a gush of BLOOD, as we SMASH-CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT THE CHATEAU DU REVE NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: Lemarchand is some feet back from the curtained window, his
text: face a mask of horror at the TERRIBLE SOUNDS from within the
text: room and the NIGHTMARE SHADOWS playing on the heavy drapes.
text: Now, suddenly and explosively, the large window SHATTERS
text: OUTWARD in a massive explosion of light and sound!!
text: Terrified, Lemarchand turns and flees down the garden with the
text: panic-fuelled speed of a man who fears hell is at his heels.
text: From the gate, he turns into the street and passes the Shadowy
text: Figure we glimpsed earlier. We now see it’s A DERELICT with a
text: handcart loaded with junk and curios. The Derelict grabs him.
speaker_heading: DERELICT
dialog: Delicacies, sir? Spices of the orient? Wonders from beyond the
dialog: sea?
text: Lemarchand shakes himself free and runs, shouting back
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: No more wonders! An end to wonders!
text: The Derelict looks back at the Chateau, blue light pulsing
text: from the windows... And then the light goes out.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, GAME ROOM NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: CLOSE on the Box as it clicks back into its normal position.
text: WIDEN to reveal the room. The Players’ chairs are vacant, one
text: or two fallen over as the only testimony to what took place.
text: Jacques is looking at De L’Isle, his face vilely excited.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: Are you not apprenticed to a great magician, Jacque?
speaker_heading: JACQUE
dialog: There is indeed great magic, sir
text: But Jacques’s looking at Angelique as he says it
text: De L’Isle picks up a chair and rights it. He smiles at
text: Angelique, also back to normal and holding the Box.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: A fine game, Princess.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: The first of many, Sir. I found a rare talent in Lemarchand.
text: De L’Isle’s face becomes cold and imperious.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: Go to my room, Madam, and wait for me.
text: Oddly, Angelique nods, turns and leaves.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: (to Jacques)
text: He who summons the magic, commands the magic. A lesson,
dialog: Jacques.
text: Jacques nods in understanding.
scene_heading: INT. THE SORBONNE ANATOMY CLASS, PARIS MORNING
dialog: 
text: CLOSE ON a human arm, as a scalpel slices it and a pair of
text: hands peel the flesh back, revealing the musculature beneath.
text: WIDEN TO REVEAL a big room, its floor sawdust-covered and
text: blood-soaked, and full of tables on each of which are SHEET-
scene_heading: COVERED CORPSES.
text: At one table, sleeves rolled up and working hard at his
text: dissection, is AUGUSTE DE MARAIS, a 30 year old professor of
text: science and philosophy. He has no students with him but only
text: his friend Lemarchand. Auguste is smiling broadly, having jus
dialog: heard Lemarchand’s story.
text: (Auguste continues his efficient preparation of the corpse
dialog: throughout their conversation)
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: A pity Mme. De Beaumont is dead these four years. You could
dialog: have sold her your story and given her another success to
text: match her “Beauty and the beast”.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: It is no story, Auguste! I saw what I saw, heard what I heard.
text: The Box opens the doors of Hell!
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: This is the eighteenth century, not the dark ages. The world
dialog: is ruled by Reason. We’ve even got rid of God. And if there is
dialog: no Heaven then it follows, reasonably, that there is no Hell.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: I was at its very window last night!
text: Auguste looks at his friend, hears the conviction in his
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: Very well. Suppose for the sake of argument that what you fear
text: happened, happened. A Box that opens the doors of Hell must be
text: able to close them.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
text: Scant comfort, Auguste. The Box belongs to people with little
dialog: interest in closing such doors.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: Then the solution lies - literally - in your hands. You
dialog: designed a machine that you fear can bring forth demons.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: Then design a machine that can destroy them.
text: As Auguste bends down to the difficult (and two-handed) task
text: of pulling the corpse’s rib-cage open, Lemarchand stares at
text: his friend, his eyes suddenly excited.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. LEMARCHAND’S WORKROOM AFTERNOON
dialog: 
text: The workbench is littered with papers filled with designs and
text: drawings. They reveal a progression from the design of the
text: lament Configuration towards something else.
text: Lemarchand works feverishly on a design which completes the
text: process. The six faces of the Box are drawn at the edges of
text: the paper. Lines from points on the faces meet in the centre
text: of the paper to form a shape. From the Box itself has come its
text: own opposite. The new shape, while arising from the Box is
text: anti-thetical to it; a cat’s-cradle of interconnecting and
text: curving lines, rather than a solid and angular mass.
text: Lemarchand runs his fingers over the shape in the centre of
text: the paper, his eyes burning with the beginning of
dialog: understanding.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: (off)
dialog: Phillip? A visitor.
text: Lemarchand looks up from his desk to the door. Genevieve is
text: there and, beside her, Angelique - at the sight of whom
text: Lemarchand barely manages to conceal his gasp.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Princess.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Toymaker .
text: A beat. Angelique looks meaningfully to her side, indicating
dialog: Genevieve’s presence.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Thank you, Genevieve.
text: More eye-language as Genevieve leaves - hers showing anger at
text: being asked to leave, his trying to imply apology.
text: Angelique watches the door close - and, as Lemarchand gathers
text: up and turns over his drawings to keep them from her eyes, she
text: quietly and secretly turns the key in the door to lock it.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Forgive this unannounced visit
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: An honour. A pleasure. A... A...
text: Lemarchand is fumbling. He’s afraid. What does this visit
dialog: mean? Though it’s daytime and Angelique is both polite and
text: beautiful, his memory of last night is strong. Angelique moves
text: further in, an amused smile on her lips.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Do I make you nervous? How delightful.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: You took me by surprise. I was working.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: And what work you do, Phillip. May I call you Phillip? (he
dialog: nods) And you must call me Angelique. (a beat) Say it...
dialog: (cont. )
text: She’s moved very close to him now. She’s almost whispering.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: (cont.) I want to watch your mouth make the shape of my name.
text: The light in the room seems to have DIMMED, to have coalesced
text: around them, leaving the rest of the room LOST IN SHADOW. This
dialog: isn’t flirtation. This isn’t seduction. This is hypnosis.
text: Lemarchand is almost dizzy, his fear forgotten.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Angelique...
text: Her eyes fix on his lips as he says it. She’s managed to make
text: just the saying of a name an intimate, almost erotic, act.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Good, Now we’re friends. I much prefer to do business with
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Business? Were you dissatisfied with the piece I made?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: I was delighted. Transformed. I want more, Phillip. And so do
dialog: my masters. (off his look) Men and women of power. Ready to
dialog: reward genius. Gold. Fame. The smiles of fair women...
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: I have a wife.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Oh. Is that who that was? Well. Whatever. My point is this; I
dialog: can offer you a world which will appreciate a man of your
dialog: skills.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: The Duke is rich, I know, but his influence is not so great.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: De L’Isle? (laughs) Forget him. An initial contact, that’s
dialog: all. When I say “Power”, I mean real power. And when I say
dialog: “Reward”, I mean real rewards.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Great rewards are usually accompanied by great risks.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Your caution is justified. You will hear strange stories and
dialog: see strange sights. But you are not in danger. You are my
dialog: friend.
text: She raises her hand to stroke delicately at his face...
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Friends can share things, Phillip. Secret things. Things even
dialog: wives needn’t know.
text: Their eyes lock. He leans forward, as if to claim a kiss...
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: (of f )
dialog: Phillip? Phillip?
text: CLOSE on the other side of the locked door - and Genevieve
text: playing with the handle, concerned.
text: Inside, the mood changes instantly. Angelique moves back
text: briskly into the room - which is suddenly brightly-lit again,
text: everything back to normal - and heads for the door
text: Lemarchand, head still spinning, calls after her
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Angelique...
text: She turns at the door, smiling, her hand on the key.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: We shall make great things and see great wonders, you and I.
dialog: (a beat) Tonight. The Chateau. A masked ball. Come. Meet your
dialog: patrons. Claim your future.
text: She unlocks the door and opens it, revealing Genevieve. For a
text: beat, the two women star at each other. There’s a whole
text: conversation in their eyes. And one of it’s polite.
text: Angelique exits, leaving Genevieve staring at her husband.
scene_heading: EXT. LEMARCHAND’S COTTAGE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS LATER)
dialog: 
text: As Angelique walks from the front door, she passes another
text: figure heading to it. It is Auguste who, as the ettiquette of
dialog: the times demand, bows.
text: Angelique acknowledges the bow but both stare at each other
text: curiously as if recognising in the other some kind of enmity
text: and, as Auguste walks on to Lemarchand’s front door, we CLOSE
text: IN on Angelique’s eyes drilling into his back full of a dark
text: and threatening promise.
scene_heading: INT. LEMARCHAND’S WORKROOM AFTERNOON
dialog: 
text: Lemarchand is gathering up his new sketches, ripping them up
text: and trashing them. Auguste’s voice stops him before he reaches
dialog: the finished design.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Coming to my senses. You were right. Fairy tales. Tricks of
dialog: the light.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: Never enter politics, Phillip. Your skill at lying is
dialog: particularly poor.
text: Auguste seats himself. He notices a BLACK FEATHER on the
text: floor, looks briefly puzzled, and then looks at his friend.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: You had a visitor.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: The Princess Angelique.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: Yes. I rather thought it must have been. (beat) Since we
dialog: spoke, I have heard many whispers in town of the disappearance
dialog: of eight gamblers.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: And this is evidence of what? The Hell you don’t believe in?
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: I’m an atheist, not an idiot. Evil is real, whether it wears
text: horns and shakes a trident or flutters its eyelashes and
text: turns the heads of poor craftsmen.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Not poor for long. Tonight I go to the Chateau. To meet
dialog: patrons and win fame.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
text: Good. (off Phillip’s surprised look) The good man must know
text: his enemy. Must look it in the face and understand it.
text: Auguste stands up and heads for the door
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: I shall meet you there tonight. And tomorrow we shall both
text: meet the day with new evidence and new understanding.
text: He leaves. Lemarchand watches him and then looks to his work-
text: bench, staring at the cat’s-cradle design.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS NEAR PARIS LATE AFTERNOON.
dialog: 
text: Auguste walks through a deserted wood. The sunlight has a
text: strange quality - pregnant with darkness, ready for twilight
text: A large BLACK BIRD flies and lands on a high branch. It seems
text: to be staring at August...
text: Auguste turns into a clearing and suddenly there is a WHOOSH
dialog: of sound and a FLURRY of movement!
text: Auguste starts back with a gasp. The movement resolves into AN
text: ACROBAT tumbling through the air in a cartwheel dive and
text: landing upright, grinning madly, a foot in front of Auguste.
text: LAUGHTER and APPLAUSE draw Auguste’s eyes forward:
text: Stretched between two trees is a painted-sheet backdrop.
text: Before it, a TROUPE OF CLOWNS, the traditional figures of 18"
scene_heading: century Commedia Dell’Arte: HARELQUIN, COLUMBINE, PIERROT,
text: PULCINELLA, and THE SURGEON, with four ACROBATS. Their
text: costumes are even more exaggerated and bizarre than normal and
text: they all have strange half-smiles, as if they posess a secret
dialog: knowledge. Or are close to the borders of sanity.
text: The Surgeon - a comically grotesque short man with tiny
text: glittering eyes and an absurdly full beard - walks forward.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: As the day is long, sir, an excellent surprise. And most
dialog: welcome. (he bows to Auguste) You have stumbled, sir, upon
dialog: Europe’s finest comedians.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: Comedians? Here?
text: On the branch, the Black Bird observes the action.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: So it appears, sir, yes. And should we be elsewhere?
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: I have no idea. I, however, should be. I have a class to
dialog: teach.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: We too have an appointment, sir. But regrettably have eaten
dialog: our map. (belches) Perhaps you could help. Are you a local
dialog: man, sir?
text: The day is growing darker. And there’s something increasingly
text: unsettling about the silent unwavering smiles of the Clowns.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I am Auguste de Marais, Philosopher
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Philosophy! A fine trade, and never to be confused with the
dialog: training of frogs, which is - I speak from experience - a much
dialog: overrated profession.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: With respect, I have no time to discuss the relative virtues
dialog: of men’s careers. To where do you wish to be directed?
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: To the Chateau Du Reve, sir. We are to perform at a great
text: masked ball.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: You are but a mile away. Clear the wood and you shall see it.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: (speaking with gratitude)
dialog: Your kindness must be rewarded, sir. Players! Prepare!
text: The Clowns draw two TRUMPETS and a BASS DRUM from a sack
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: I thank you. But you must excuse me.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: And leave you unsatisfied, sir? An unsatisfied audience is the
dialog: saddest thing in the world, save a one-legged fish in a barrel
dialog: of pork.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: I assure you. There is no need.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: But I insist.
text: Suddenly, from his coat, the Surgeon produces two gleaming
text: BUTCHER’S KNIVES which he holds upright, one in each hand.
text: The Acrobat near Auguste does a back-flip and ends up behind
text: the startled Philosopher, blocking his path.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: A brief diversion in your busy day, sir. An entertainment
text: entitled YOUR LAST SIGHT ON EARTH, and guaranteed to please.
dialog: (to troupe) Music!
text: Pierrot and Pulcinella blow trumpets. An Acrobat pounds the
text: drum. The music is piercing and discordant.
text: Another Acrobat somersaults swiftly to Auguste and, held tight
text: by an Acrobat on each side, he is carried to the backdrop...
text: where Harlequin and Columbine are in a pantomime argument.
text: Harlequin, with angry looks and pointing fingers, is accusing.
text: Columbine, with fervent eyes and imploring hands, is denying.
text: The acrobats bring Auguste on “stage”. Columbine GASPS.
text: Harlequin gestures at him accusingly.
text: Columbine, blushing prettily, can deny no longer. Staring at
text: Auguste, her hands flutter over her heart and an exaggeratedly
text: dreamy look fills her face. Yes, this is her secret lover
speaker_heading: AUGUSTE
dialog: Enough! Let me go!!
text: Shocked, Columbine and Harlequin put their fingers to their
text: lips. One of the acrobats stuffs a small red ball in August’s
text: mouth to keep him quiet.
text: The Black Bird keeps watching as the show continues.
text: Harlequin confers silently with the Surgeon, now on stage. The
text: Surgeon, sympathetic, offers one of his knives. Harlequin
text: looks at the knife, at Auguste, shakes his head. The Surgeon
text: produces a duelling pistol from his pocket. Harlequin shakes
text: his head. The Surgeon tries again and produces a lobster and
text: some cheese. Harlequin gives him a look. The Surgeon has a
text: bright idea. He points to the sheet backdrop. Harlequin nods
text: excitedly and gestures to the two acrobats holding Auguste.
text: The Acrobats lift Auguste up into the air, his stifled CRIES
text: OF DENIAL coming from behind the ball-gag.
text: A drum-roll and a flourish of a-tonal trumpets...
text: Harlequin and the Surgeon each grasp a side of the sheet...
text: The Acrobats swing Auguste through the air... once... twice...
text: The backdrop sheet is whipped away...
text: revealing a HUGE MAW OF HELL! Denying physical reality, it
text: tretches back into a dark infinity like an impossible tunnel
text: ened between dimensions. Circular, ribbed, and pulsing, it
text: esembles a GIANT OESOPHAGOUS. The mouth/entrance is a blur of
text: errifying activity - hundreds of long sharp objects rotate
text: ildly like the blades of some VAST ORGANIC THRESHING MACHINE!
dialog: fatnow-:
text: The Black Bird beats its wings and flies from the branch.
text: uguste is hurled directly at the maw, muffled SCREAMS OF
text: ORROR coming from his mouth, limbs twitching in protest
dialog: xr>
text: The Troupe LAUGH and APPLAUD as we SMASH-CUT TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. LEMARCHAND’S COTTAGE NIGHT
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: The BLACKNESS resolves into a NIGHT SKY above the cottage.
scene_heading: INT. LEMARCHAND’S BEDROOM NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Lemarchand, eyes open, is lying with his arm around Genevieve
text: who is asleep. A beat, and he takes his arm away, slips
text: quietly from the bed, and begins dressing in the semi-
dialog: darkness.
text: He hasn’t got far before Genevieve sits up in bed.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: I didn’t want to wake you. I...
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You’re as automatic as one of your toys! She turns your key
dialog: and you perform!
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: You’re being ridiculous. You refuse to see what this could
dialog: mean for us.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: I know what she means for us!
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: You’d have me turn my back on fortune because of some petty
dialog: female jealousy!
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: It isn’t that! It isn’t just that. It’s that place. Those
dialog: people.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: “Those people” are going to give me...
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: A son?! Because that’s what I’m going to give you, Phillip! A
dialog: son.
text: A beat. He stares at her, anger replaced by incredulous
text: happiness. He clambers on the bed to fling his arms round his
text: wife, who is somewhere between laughter and tears at the
dialog: strength of his reaction.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: This is wonderful. Are you sure? (off her happy nod) All the
dialog: more reason I must go.
text: He kisses her forehead and leaves the bed again.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: No! You belong here! With me. With us.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: We belong together. But not here. My son will be born ina
dialog: palace! Built by the fortune I go to claim tonight.
text: He flings the bedroom door open and is gone. Genevieve stares
text: at the closed door, distraught.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: No. No!
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHATEAU DE REVE NIGHT
text: The Chateau sits atop its hilled gardens, framed by a night
text: sky where heavy grey clouds gather oppressively, presaging
dialog: thunder.
text: In the distance, still peddling his wares, the Derelict.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, BALLROOM NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Lemarchand enters the Ballroom, a space of smoke and laughter
text: and the chink of wine-glasses. MUSICIANS play. Jacques serves
text: drinks. There are sixteen guests, eight men, eight women. All
text: are elaborately MASKED but the eight men seem familiar - they
dialog: are the GAMBLERS.
text: Lemarchand, startled by the grotesque masks and drunken
text: laughter, moves through the ballroom, looking for Angelique.
text: He sees movement through a connecting door and walks
dialog: through...
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, ANTE-ROOM NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: .. into a very dimly-lit room with very little furniture. On
text: a small table is the Box, a few candles burning around it. A
text: circular rug sits in the centre of the floor
text: Angelique’s there, holding a thin wand connected to a bird-
text: mask in front of her face. Her mask and costume are black and
text: featured, reminding us of the bird that watched Auguste die.
text: Lemarchand bows courteously. She places her hand on his arm
text: and moves in very close to him.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: I knew you’d come. You’re a brave man, Phillip.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Not so brave. It would be a foolish man who ignored the
dialog: promise of success.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Then the world is full of fools.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Or empty of promise.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: No. The promise is everywhere. Success is limited only by
text: desire. The wise man sees that. The brave man acts on it.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Then so far I may have been wise. But not yet brave.
text: Angelique tilts her beautiful head and pulls aside the mask.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Be brave...
text: She’s irresistible. Their mouths meet in a deep slow kiss...
text: Suddenly, THREE GUESTS in a drunken gavotte spill in from the
text: ballroom, nearly colliding into them. One of them spies
text: Angelique’s face. We recognise the voice behind the mask
speaker_heading: CORBUSIER
dialog: Ah! Our Lady of the Labyrinth!
text: Swept into formation, she’s spun out of the room. Lemarchand,
text: dizzy from the kiss, is startled by a VOICE from the shadows.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: (off)
dialog: What did she taste of, toymaker?
text: De L’Isle walks forward, turning up the wick on an oil-lamp he
text: carries to show himself more clearly. Unlike his guests, he is
text: unmasked - though his face is twisted in suppressed rage.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: My apologies, you excellency. I thought we were alone.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
text: Tasted sweet, didn’t she? Vanilla. To hide the stench of
dialog: death. Come here.
text: Waving the oil-lamp, he beckons Lemarchand to the middle of
text: the room. He angles the light down toward the floor...
text: and yanks away the circular rug, revealing a large painted
text: pattern on the wooden slates - a five-pointed star within a
text: circle. A Pentagram.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: That’s what your Box is designed to replace. That and a few
dialog: words of Old Latin. Such outmoded medieval methods.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Methods of what?
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: (sneers)
dialog: You really don’t know what you’ve gotten yourself into, do
dialog: you? (a beat) Methods of summoning creatures from Hell.
text: He lifts the light to their faces - his amused, Lemarchand’s
text: appalled.
scene_heading: INT. LEMARCHAND’S WORKROOM NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The camera roams, moving to the workbench - where we see again
text: the cat’s-cradle design - and round to reveal Genevieve. As
text: she scan’s the room, looking at Phillip’s designs and
text: sketches, she is putting on a cloak. Her face is set ina
text: determined mask. She’s going to fetch her husband back
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, ANTE-ROOM NIGHT
dialog: 
text: The lamp is on the floor. De L’Isle has picked up the Box and
text: is bouncing it in his hand as he walks towards Lemarchand, who
text: backs away, both describing a circle around the Pentagram.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: I introduced her to your skill. Little did I know that your
dialog: science was to replace my magic.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: You misunderstand. The Princess has offered me more work,
dialog: that’s all.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: There’d be no end of work, toymaker, no end of work. They’re
dialog: full of ideas. Always have been. But they needed a human
dialog: genius to make their ideas manifest. How they must have longed
dialog: for History to deliver them one such as you.
text: Face creased with anger, he hurls the Box at Lemarchand’s
text: face. Lemarchand blocks it, catches it, and looks up to see
text: that De L’Isle has drawn a long and lethal dagger from his
dialog: belt.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: But I’m not ready to retire. (gestures to the Pentagram)
dialog: That’s where I summoned her. That’s where I’11 send her
dialog: back... Once I’ve killed you!
text: He lunges viciously. Lemarchand throws himself back, avoiding
text: the knife but losing his footing and falling to the floor
text: De L’Isle move sin, towering menacingly above Lemarchand...
text: and is suddenly seized from behind by Angelique, whose
text: face is contorted in cold fury. She grasps the knife hand and
text: SNAPS HIS WRIST easily!
text: De L’Isle cries out in pain and cringes visibly, backing away
text: as Angelique advances on him.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
text: A true magician never forgets the rules. A summoned demon is
dialog: yours to command forever - unless you stand in hell’s way.
dialog: Hell needs this man. And I no longer need you...
text: She grasps De L’Isle by the throat and hoists him impossibly
text: high with one hand...
text: and effortlessly flings him more than thirty feet to SMASH
text: through a glass window at the far end of the room!
text: Almost as an afterthought, she clicks her fingers...
text: and magically, the huge curtains gathered up to each side
text: of the window unfurl and close over the shattered glass.
text: Lemarchand rises to his feet as she moves toward him.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Dancing with another. Do you toy with my jealousy, Phillip?
dialog: (laughs)
text: Lemarchand isn’t laughing. He backs away from her... and into
text: the painted pattern of the Pentagram.
text: Angelique freezes on the edge of the pattern. It’s clear she
text: can’t - or won’t - enter. She smiles beguilingly and holds her
text: arms out to Lemarchand.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: I confess, sir, your kiss has confirmed the promise of your
dialog: eyes. I burn for you, my love. Come to me.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: (flat and final)
dialog: I think not, Madame.
text: Instantly, the siren-side of Angelique disappears. She drops
text: her arms and her smile and is all business.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Well. To commerce. You have a talent. I have a fortune. State
dialog: your terms.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: I think not, Madame.
text: Angelique’s face clouds with cold fury.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Think again, Sir.
text: Lemarchand’s silence is eloquent
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Neither pleasure nor fortune persuades you? Then we must try
dialog: something else.
text: She clicks her fingers as she did before.
text: Instantly, the closed curtains fly open with a flourish like
text: the curtains of a theatre...
text: and they don’t give on to a shattered window but to an
text: IMPOSSIBLY LONG CORRIDOR disappearing into a dark distance.
text: And from it into the room comes the Troupe of Clowns. Two
text: Acrobats blow discordant trumpets and two more beat bass
dialog: drums.
text: Lemarchand stares in shock and fear as the Clowns produce
text: their knives and smile their maniac smiles.
text: Suddenly, one of the Acrobats frees his Bass Drum and rolls it
text: swiftly at Lemarchand. It hits his feet, falls to its side...
text: ... and reveals that it’s made of HUMAN SKIN - and, in the
text: middle, still hideously recognisable, are the STRETCHED AND
text: TORTURED FEATURES OF AUGUSTE!
text: Lemarchand staggers back - and out of the Pentagram!
text: Angelique steps in front of him, her face creased in a
text: sadistic grin, as the Clowns spread out into the room behind
dialog: her.
text: Lemarchand’s eyes dart everywhere - judging distances.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: And what do you think now, sir?
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: I thank God my poor dead friend guided my hand to better work
dialog: this morning!
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: What do you mean?
text: As he answers, Angelique’s face clouds in fury and suspicion.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: I mean that everything made may be unmade. That everything
dialog: open may be closed.
text: And suddenly he makes his break, running madly for the door to
text: the Ballroom before any of the Clowns can reach him.
text: But, to the sound of Angelique’s demonic LAUGHTER, the door
text: opens from the far side and the eight masked gamblers rush in!
text: Lemarchand stops and stares at the gamblers...
text: as they rip the masks from their faces, revealing the
text: GROTESQUE PALLOR and HIDEOUS SCARS of their dead faces.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: AS promised, gentlemen. A new game!
text: The faces of the ZOMBIE GAMBLERS break into cruel and hungry
text: grins as they advance toward Lemarchand.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHATEAU DU REVE, NIGHT
text: Genevieve, moving through the gardens in the moonlit darkness,
text: is pressing her way through a thicket.
text: We are CLOSE on her face... on her hands... on her foot...
text: as a HAND suddenly shoots from the undergrowth and grabs
dialog: her ankle!
text: Genevieve SCREAMS and jerks herself free, running furiously up
text: the path towards the front door.
text: Behind her, dragging himself from the undergrowth, we see De
text: L’Isle, badly cut and bruised.
text: At the front door, Genevieve pounds on it and gets no
text: response. Trying the handle, she finds it’s unlocked and lets
dialog: herself in.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, HALLWAY NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: Genevieve pauses in the unlit hallway, unsure of where to go.
text: She sees a faint light coming from a room in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, ANTE-ROOM NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Genevieve creeps into the room, still lit by the oil-lamp and
text: apparently empty except for a bundle of rags on the floor...
text: which suddenly murmurs her name.
speaker_heading: TORTURED VOICE
dialog: Genevieve...
text: With a cry, Genevieve moves nearer to the shape on the floor
text: It is Lemarchand, horribly wounded and very close to death.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: No! No! Phillip!
text: Genevieve falls to her knees, cradling her poor husband’s head
text: in her arms. Panic crosses what’s left of Lemarchand’s face.
text: He presses the Box into her hands.
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Genevieve! Get out! Save yourself! Save the child...
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: (off)
dialog: Child?
text: Suddenly, Angelique and the Gamblers are in the room! Delvaux
text: and Corbusier grab Genevieve and drag her to her feet.
text: Despair crosses Lemarchand’s face and he finally dies.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: Phillip!! (sobs)
text: Angelique moves to Genevieve, sadistic triumph on her face.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: What kind of monster are you?!
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: The careful kind. Phillip Lemarchand can have no child. His
text: bloodline must die with him lest his genius be reborn and
dialog: turned against us.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: No! You can’t!
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Believe me, I can.
text: Fingers bent into claws, she moves toward Genevieve...
text: Suddenly De L’Isle hurtles into frame, seizing Angelique!
text: With the advantage of surprise and momentum, he propels both
text: himself and the Princess into the Pentagram where, before any
text: of the Gamblers can react, he shouts out a Latin revocation.
speaker_heading: DE L’ISLE
dialog: Exeunt Omnia Malefica!
text: All the Gamblers devolve instantly into HUMAN-SHAPED TOWERS OF
text: WORMS, each a mass of pink and brown writhing shapes which
text: drop to the floor, where their wrigglings are overtaken by a
text: collective transformation into LUMPS OF PRIMAL OOZE...
text: which, in turn, become PILES OF DRY DUST which, seized by
text: supernatural wind, are swept away into nothingness.
text: Simultaneously, Angelique SCREAMS... and EXPANDS, her body
text: MORPHING impossibly into a huge mass of DEMONIC EYES and
text: SCREAMING DEMONIC MOUTHS - an even more nightmarish version of
dialog: the revelation she gave the gamblers the previous night!
text: There is a BLINDING FLASH OF LIGHT...
text: And suddenly, Genevieve is completely alone in the room.
text: Still holding her husband’s Box and completely freaked out by
text: all she has seen, she turns and flees.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU DE REVE NIGHT
text: As Genevieve turns into the street, she is startled by the
text: Derelict. He goes into his usual rap.
speaker_heading: DERELICT
dialog: Wonders, Madam? Spices of the orient? Perfumes from far
dialog: Cathay?
text: Genevieve looks at him. She looks at the Box in her hand. She
text: looks at the Chateau and its memories of evil. She hands the
text: Box to the startled and delighted Derelict and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, ANTE-ROOM NIGHT
dialog: 
text: SERIES OF CLOSE-UPS: A hand lights many candles. The Pentagram
text: is sprinkled with salt. An ancient-looking book is opened to a
dialog: page of Latin manuscript.
text: Latin words are intoned monosyllabically.
text: And there is a burst of light...
text: and Angelique is back within the Pentagram. She looks
text: startled, glancing round the room, confused.
text: Jacques, the apprentice, is standing outside the pentagram. It
text: is he who has staged the ritual.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Welcome, Princess.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: You? You summoned me?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: And he who summons the magic, commands the magic. You belong
dialog: to me. Forever.
text: Angelique’s face falls. Have her great ambitions come to this?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: And I will never make De L’Isle’s mistake, Princess. Count on
dialog: that.
text: He begins to laugh as he draws her from the Pentagram and
text: strokes her face in proprietory lust.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ATLANTIC OCEAN DAY
text: A large wood-built sailing ship heads west.
text: Super-imposed: THE CLIPPER “LIBERTE”, EN ROUTE TO NEW YORK.
scene_heading: INT. “LIBERTE”, SMALL CABIN DAY
text: The very pregnant Genevieve sit sin her tiny cabin. She is
text: reading intently in a small leather-bound volume. On the cover
dialog: are the words Le Journal de Phillip Lemarchand. We see the
text: concentration on her face and the scrawled and detailed
text: handwriting that fills the volume’s pages.
text: The room contains suitcases, trunks, one of Lemarchand’s
dialog: creations (perhaps the monkey-musician) ... and a large
text: document stretched out on the cabin’s tiny table.
text: It’s the cat’s-cradle design. We TRACK IN to an EXTREME CLOSE
text: UP, closer and closer until the BLACKNESS of a single ink line
text: FILLS THE SCREEN...
scene_heading: INT. BLACKNESS/DREAM-SPACE
text: ... and suddenly the BLACKNESS is replaced by a RAPID MONTAGE
text: OF IMAGES.
text: At first, the images are familiar - it’s like a fast-forward
text: through the story we’ve just seen: The Box, Nightmare Clowns,
text: Zombie Gamblers, Angelique’s face, etc. Then others are added
dialog: to the mix -
text: - a half-glimpsed CENOBITE BEAST, terrifying but shadowed.
text: - a GRANDMOTHER (vaguely familiar - like Genevieve at 75)
text: looking down as if speaking to a child’s POv.
speaker_heading: GRANDMOTHER
dialog: You’re the one, Johnny. You’re the one they’ve been waiting
dialog: for...
text: - Elevator doors clanging together and a VOID behind them.
text: The images flick back and forth, faster and faster, achieving
text: a nightmare crescendo, until suddenly the BLACKNESS is back
text: and we hear a MALE VOICE SCREAMING...
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM NIGHT
dialog: 
text: and we TRACK OUT of the SCREAMING MOUTH of JOHN MERCHANT.
text: It’s 4 a.m. and John blinks his nightmare away as his wife,
text: BOBBI, clicks on a bedside light to reveal a modern-day
dialog: apartment bedroom.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Honey? You okay? Another dream?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. Another dream. Or the same one.
text: Bobbi is an attractive mid-20’s woman. John is... very
text: familiar looking. In fact, apart from the 20° century haircut
text: he’s a dead ringer for Phillip Lemarchand.
text: Suddenly, the sound of more screams. Not John this time.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh shit. I woke Jack. Again.
text: Bobbi’s already out of bed. John gets up and follows her
dialog: through to...
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT, JACK’S ROOM (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: the bedroom of JACK, their seven-year-old, who, woken and
text: disturbed by his father’s screams, is sitting on his bed.
text: Bobbi and John rush over to him, Bobbi comforting him with an
text: embrace while John looks apologetically distressed.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: There, there, sweetie. It’s okay.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m sorry, partner. Don’t be scared. Just Daddy having bad
dialog: dreams again.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: And dreams can’t hurt you, darling.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They can’t hurt anybody.
text: Bobbi has got Jack back beneath the covers. He’s already
text: sleepy again but he looks up at his father
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not even you, daddy?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No. No, not even me.
text: Jack’s eyes close as Bobbi strokes his brow. He seems
text: comforted by his father’s assurance but, as Bobbi and John
text: find each other’s worried eyes, we see that they are less sure
dialog: than their words imply.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU DU REVE DAY
text: The Chateau looks identical to when we last saw it - except
text: that it now stands in 20th Century surroundings.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU DU REVE, ANTE-ROOM DAY
dialog: 
text: The ante-room is now decorated as a modern-day living room.
text: Jacques and Angelique are there. Angelique, unchanged by the
dialog: centuries, is as beautiful as ever
text: Jacques, too, looks the same but there is a terrible corrupt
text: decadence in his eyes. He is sitting at a table messily
text: finishing a greasy meal. Angelique watches in disgust.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Do you know what I loathe about you most?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (between mouthfuls)
dialog: “Do you know what I loathe about you most, master?”
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Master. It’s your lack of ambition. Have you sought power?
dialog: Influence? Fame? No. You...
text: Jacques has a last swallow, belches, and interrupts.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Shut up.
text: Angelique falls silent.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Do the dishes.
text: Angelique waves a hand. The grease-stained plates and cups are
text: suddenly sparkling-clean and neatly stacked on the table.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (putting a cigarette in his mouth)
dialog: Light me.
text: Another wave. The cigarette tip glows magically into life.
text: Jacques takes a deep satisfying drag and looks at her
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Goo. Now get down on your hands and knees and ask me to hurt
dialog: you. And ask nicely.
text: Angelique’s enraged eyes don’t stop her body from doing as
text: it’s told. Jacques smiles cruelly as he crosses toward her...
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT'S APARTMENT DAY
text: Bobbi and John sit at the breakfast table. Bobbi throws a
text: glance to check Jack is sufficiently engrossed in his toys
text: over at the far end of the room and then turns to John.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: You look terrible.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Love you, too.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: I’m worried. You should see someone.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You know I’ve had them all my life.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: As often? As bad? (John shakes his head) It’s your goddam
dialog: grandmother.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She was a wonderful woman.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: She was a weird woman. All those stories. How important your
dialog: family is. How important you are. She put stuff in your mind,
dialog: John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not all of it. There’s stuff there that feels like...
dialog: memories. Impossible memories. And they don’t just haunt my
dialog: dreams. They haunt my work. Everything I’ve done...
text: He trails off, as if it’s impossible to explain.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: I don’t want you haunted. I don’t want you hurt.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It’s not that. It’s stress. This Award Banquet tonight. I hate
dialog: shit like that.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: (smiling proudly)
dialog: Then you shouldn’t be so good.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m not. I’m not even sure I deserve the award.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Right. That’s why of all the buildings in the country, yours
dialog: was voted the best.
text: Bobbi picks up a magazine from the table and throws it to him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, I didn’t say I wasn’t better than everyone else. I just
dialog: said I could be better. I could’ve made it perfect.
text: CLOSE on John as he picks up the magazine and we CUT TO...
scene_heading: INT. CHATAEU DU REVE, ANTE-ROOM DAY
dialog: 
text: .. CLOSE on a magazine cover with a photo of John in the
text: lobby of a building. We saw the lobby at the end of Hellraiser
text: III. The massive murals that cover the walls are all based on
text: the Lament Configuration. Cover-copy over the photo reads La
dialog: Nouvelle Décor Americain: John Merchant et su Chef de
dialog: 1’Oeuvre.
text: PULL BACK to reveal Angelique holding the magazine. She is
text: staring, stunned, at John and the lobby. Her fingers trace
text: over the cover.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: At last. A purpose. A reason...
text: Her reverie is interrupted by the sound of Jacques’ entrance.
text: She lays the magazine down and looks across at him.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: I’m restless. And you’re bored. Why don’t we take a trip?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: We took a trip. India.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: That was in 1949! I think we should see America.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Screw America. All they want to talk about is how they won the
dialog: war for us.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Then I would like your permission to go by myself.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Short and to the point. Is that your final word?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Good.
dialog: There’s something in how she said that that gets Jacques’
text: attention. He looks at her searchingly.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: You remember De L’Isles’s mistake? The one you said you’d
dialog: never make?
text: A smile is blooming on Angelique’s face. Jacques’ jaw drops.
text: His eyes flick nervously from side to side.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: You seem tense. In need of relaxation. Why not ask me to do
dialog: something vile and degrading? That usually works.
text: Jacques’ fear grows.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Angelique... I... please...
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: You’re blubbering like a little boy, Master. (pause) Act your
dialog: age.
text: And he does. With a snap of her fingers, Jacques suddenly
text: BEGINS TO AGE - a second for every year he has lived. Within
text: moments, he is a wrinkled, toothless, rheumy-eyed old man.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No! No, please! It hurts!!
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: A summoned demon is yours to command forever. Unless you stand
dialog: in Hell’s way. Hell’s game is afoot in America. I’d send you a
dialog: post-card, but...
text: The process continues. Jacques is impossibly ancient - 150
dialog: years old, 180, 200...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Aaargh!!!!
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: you won’t be around to read it.
text: For a second, the 230-year old Jacques stands staring in
text: horror at Angelique, and then finally collapses, crumbling to
text: the floor like a long-dead corpse!
scene_heading: EXT. THE BUILDING NIGHT
text: An office-building framed against the sky. A line of Limos
text: deposits smartly-dressed people beside the forecourt
text: From OFF, the sound of APPLAUSE...
speaker_heading: TIME -DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, LOBBY NIGHT
text: The lobby - dominated by its magnificent Box-like murals - is
text: set up for the awards banquet. Many dining tables fill the
text: centre of the space before a raiser platform on which stands a
text: lectern with a microphone and a computer console.
text: The invited guests are finishing coffee and are applauding as
text: John approaches the lectern.
text: John looks around at the sea of faces. He’s nervous. Not a
text: public man. He clears his throat and leans to the mike.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Erm... well... thanks.
text: Nervous laugh from John. Supportive laughs from the audience.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’ve always thought the applause of your peers is the best
dialog: kind of applause so I’m particularly touched by your response
dialog: and by the award. I think that... Well, when I... What I’m
dialog: trying to say... Ah, if I’d been any good with words I
dialog: would’ve written books. I make things. And you’re sitting in
dialog: the middle of something I made. So I’1l let it do my talking,
dialog: if that’s okay.
text: John turns to the console on the lectern and keys something
dialog: in.
text: Members of the audience look puzzled. They glance at each
text: other. They glance at John. They glance at the walls of the
text: lobby. A sense of embarassment is growing...
text: replaced by a sense of awe: Cued by a very quiet engine-
text: like noise, the audience turns to look at the back wall.
text: Framed high in the centre of an otherwise blank wall is a
text: large square-shaped Box-like design - which begins to move! By
dialog: some clever trick of engineering, the design within changes
text: constantly. It’s almost like they’re looking at an animated
text: film image, except the design is physically moving.
text: Gasps and cries of delight burst from the audience and a huge
text: wave of appreciative applause fills the lobby.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: See, the building was ready for occupancy before this was
dialog: finished.
text: John’s voice fills the hall but people aren’t listening to
text: him. They’re lost in the splendour of his creation.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I felt kind of fraudulent taking this award because...
dialog: because...
text: John is blinking, losing his train of thought. Something’s the
text: matter. We see the lobby from his POV -
text: - It’s too dazzling, too impressive. Lights, bouncing off the
text: moving panel, glitter and reflect off the metallic surfaces of
text: the other murals. They refract and reflect in an almost
text: blinding coruscation of light. The sounds in the room take on
text: an ARTIFICIAL ECHO, laughter and applause reverberating like
dialog: in a bad acid-trip.
text: John stumbles for his words, bemused and bedazzled.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: See, it’s still not finished... not perfect... there was...
dialog: I...
text: John, blinking and twitching, glances round the room through
text: his distorted perspective. He’s trying to find something to
text: anchor on, something to stop the confusion of sight and sound.
text: ANGLE ON Bobbi and Jack in the audience. Bobbi’s looking
text: concerned at the podium. It’s clear John can’t see her
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: C’mon, honey.
text: She helps Jack to his feet and begins to lead him away.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Aren’t wee waiting for daddy?
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: we’re getting the car, sweetheart. Daddy wants to leave.
text: ANGLE ON John, still confused and disoriented. He puts a hand
text: to his forehead to shield his eyes. What’s happening to him?
text: Suddenly, his eyes lock on a face in the crowd - a face that,
text: unlike every other in the room, is staring directly at him.
dialog: It’s Angelique.
text: John stares at this beguiling, smiling woman in confusion. Who
dialog: is she? Where does he know her from?
text: Angelique’s mysterious knowing stare doesn’t falter. Finally,
text: John looks away to mumble into the mike.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Er... so, thanks. Thanks...
text: He steps off the platform, head spinning, and walks rapidly
text: away toward the exit door
scene_heading: EXT. THE BUILDING NIGHT
text: John staggers out onto the deserted forecourt and moves to the
text: edge of the sidewalk, turning his head up to the night to gulp
text: in some air and get himself steady.
text: Angelique exits through the revolving doors. She’s many yards
text: behind John and unseen by him. She spots John and, face set in
text: threatening determination, heads rapidly towards him...
text: Suddenly, a uniformed VALET-PARKER steps right in her path.
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: Ma’am - Do you have your... ?
text: Angelique’s concentration is broken for a second. She stares
text: angrily at the Valet and pushes him aside.
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: Hey...
text: Angelique looks back to where John was...
text: only to see him disappearing into the back of a Limo.
text: Snarling in frustration, Angelique watches the Limo pull away.
speaker_heading: TIME-DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, LOBBY NIGHT
text: It’s later. The lobby is all but deserted. UNIFORMED HELP
text: stack tables and chairs. Three or four STRAGGLING GUESTS hover
text: near the door ready to leave.
text: One guest, SHARPE, a 40 year old man, glances round the lobby.
text: A figure in the shadows at the far end catches his eye.
text: It’s Angelique. She fixes Sharpe’s gaze with a look at once
text: challenging and inviting.
text: Sharpe looks to right and left. Nobody is paying any attention
dialog: to either him or this beautiful stranger. With a small maybe-
text: I-just-got-lucky smile, he makes his way across the lobby.
speaker_heading: CROSS-FADE TO
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE STATRWELL NIGHT
text: Angelique leads Sharpe down a dimly-lit stairwell towards the
text: basements of the building.
speaker_heading: SHARPE
dialog: At least tell me your name.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Do we really need to know each other’s names?
speaker_heading: SHARPE
dialog: A mystery woman, eh?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Aren’t you excited by mystery?
speaker_heading: SHARPE
dialog: Oh yeah. You bet.
text: They’ve reached a door at the bottom of the stairwell. Sharpe
text: reaches for Angelique. She pulls away, gesturing at the door
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: In here.
speaker_heading: SHARPE
dialog: (opening the door)
dialog: You seem pretty familiar with this place.
text: They walk through the door...
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, BASEMENT - CONT.
text: into the basement of the building.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: No. I’m just following my instincts.
speaker_heading: SHARPE
dialog: Me too.
text: Angelique doesn’t mean quite what he thinks; she’s glancing
text: round like a hound on the scent. Unerringly, she heads for a
text: large bare concrete pillar at the corner of the basement. She
text: lays her hand on it, barely-concealed excitement on her face.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Do you like games?
speaker_heading: SHARPE
dialog: (can’t believe his luck)
dialog: You’re a dream.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Almost. Close your eyes. Trust me.
text: Sharpe closes his eyes. Angelique presses her hand against the
text: pillar and PUSHES THROUGH THE SOLID CONCRETE, the stone
text: crumbling into grey dust around her probing hand!
text: ANGLE ON SHARPE, eyes still closed.
speaker_heading: SHARPE
dialog: Can I look now?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: You can look now.
text: Sharpe opens his eyes.
text: Angelique is holding her hand out to him. Resting in her palm
dialog: is the Box.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Time to play another game.
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM NIGHT
dialog: 
text: John lies asleep with Bobbi, who is propped up looking at him
text: with a concerned expression.
text: John’s faces twitches slightly and his eyes move in REM.
text: Camera TRACKS into his face and DISSOLVES TO...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, MID-1960'S (JOHN’S DREAM-MEMORY )
dialog: 
text: A seven-year old boy (JOHN) sits on the floor, sketching and
text: cartooning on myriad pieces of paper
text: Leaving a group of OTHER ADULTS, the Grandmother from the
text: earlier dream walks over to him. She looks at his drawings and
text: GASPS. They are all childish and untutored renditions of Box
text: designs and Cat’s-Cradle designs.
text: CLOSE on Grandma’s face, as from a child’s POV.
speaker_heading: GRANDMOTHER
dialog: You’re the one, Johnny. The one they’ve been waiting for
text: Suddenly, interrupting the dream like a startling and
text: subconscious editing device, there is a DAZZLING BURTH OF
text: LIGHT like the dizzying lights of the lobby.
text: When we return, it is clearly another time. The room is
text: sombre. The CHILD’S POV CAMERA moves through many black-clad
dialog: adults to reach...
text: a coffin, laid out in the living room as in the European
text: tradition of family wakes. John’s grandmother, dead, is in it.
text: The POV peers into the coffin at her
speaker_heading: 7 YEAR OLD JOHN
dialog: (of f )
dialog: Grandma... You said you’d tell me. You said you’d explain...
text: Again, the DAZZLING LIGHTS jolts us - and we SMASH-CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM NIGHT
dialog: 
text: John’s eyes jerk open in panic. Before he can scream or cry
text: out, Bobbi is there - stroking his brow, kissing his face
text: holding him.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Honey, I’m here. I’m here. It’s okay.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (half -whispered)
dialog: Is it?
text: He moves into Bobbi’s safe and comforting embrace, but his
text: words seem to echo in the room.
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, BASEMENT NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Sharpe is sitting cross-legged on the floor, working the Box
text: with intense concentration.
text: Angelique is behind him, rubbing his shoulders in
dialog: encouragement.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: I have such sights to show you. Mysteries. Wonders...
text: The Box suddenly flies from Sharpe’s hands and he watches in
text: surprise as it completes its movements.
speaker_heading: SHARPE
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Now.
text: Angelique straightens up and stands back...
text: WHOOOSH! The chains fly from the Box and rip into Sharpe’s
text: flesh as he SCREAMS in agony.
text: The basement is suddenly flooded in supernatural blue light
text: and a space opens ahead of them, a shadowed space seeming to
dialog: give onto vast regions beyond...
text: Emerging from the shadows comes PINHEAD, the Black Pope of
text: HELLRAISER I, II & III, back-lit, stately, but terrifying.
text: And he’s not alone. SOMETHING prowls in the shadows behind
text: Pinhead, pacing back and forth like a caged predator
text: Something big, vicious, and hungry. We can’t see it clearly
dialog: yet (and won’t for another few scenes) but its barely glimpsed
dialog: presence is horrifying enough.
speaker_heading: SHARPE
dialog: No! No!!! What’s happening?! !
text: Sharpe, wounded and bleeding, staggers to his feet, the chains
text: from the Box ripping clear of his flesh. Does this mean he’s
dialog: going to get away?
text: No. Another chain flies from the shadows beyond, anchors
text: itself viciously into Sharpe’s neck, yanks him off his feet,
text: and pulls him rapidly into the shadows.
text: His SCREAM mingles with the ROARS of the thing in the
dialog: shadows...
text: and then both are cut off abruptly as the space is re-
text: sealed, leaving Pinhead alone with Angelique.
text: For a beat, they regard each other. Angelique looks both
text: surprised and disappointed at the sight of Pinhead.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Things seem to have changed. I was expecting my Clowns.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Hell is more ordered since your time, Princess. And much less
dialog: amusing.
text: His tone carries a hint of disapproval at this figure from
text: Hell’s past. It’s already clear that these two aren’t going to
dialog: like each other.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: I’m in favour of efficiency, Demon. But I can’t abide
dialog: dullness.
text: Pinhead looks around the pretty dull basement space.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Then why are we here?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Come with me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, LOBBY NIGHT
text: Angelique and Pinhead are in the deserted lobby. Pinhead looks
text: at the Box-like murals and then focusses on the back wall with
text: its moving panel.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: The Box did this?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: A man did this - but the Box called him. Called to his blood.
text: Pinhead is hardly listening, lost in the movements of the
text: panels as if waiting for something...
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: His ancestor made the Box. And would have unmade all of us. I
dialog: killed him...
text: The panel moves into a new pattern. Pinhead stares, excited...
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: but failed to kill his offspring. Now I fear his genius is
text: reborn.
text: as, for a brief moment, BLUE LIGHT crackles over the panel
text: - and then disappears as the pattern moves on.
text: Pinhead looks at Angelique contemptuously.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: You’ve been away too long, Princess. Fear is for humans.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Merchant must die before he proves you wrong.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
text: He’1l die. But not yet. Imagine that panel frozen in the
text: position of a moment ago. This isn’t a room - it’s a holocaust
text: waiting to wake itself.
dialog: 
text: Angelique looks round the lobby.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: A Lament Configuration? On this scale?
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
text: A vast and permanent gateway to the fields of human flesh.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
text: Using Merchant is playing with fire.
text: Pinhead raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: How entirely appropriate.
scene_heading: EXT. MERCHANT’S DESIGN STUDIO DAY
text: An old warehouse district yuppified into a design area. One of
text: the buildings house John’s design studio.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT’S STUDIO DAY (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: A big open-plan loft-space with partitioned offices, the
text: biggest of which is John’s own.
text: Framed drawings, designs, and photographs cover the walls
text: showing buildings and spaces John has worked on in the past as
dialog: well as projects in development.
text: A thematic motif runs through every piece of work. In one way
dialog: or another and to a greater or lesser extent, each design
text: shows an influence from either the Lament Configuration or
text: from Lemarchand’s cat'’-cradle design for the Box'’ opposite.
text: It’s as if John’s gene-pool were speaking through his
text: unconscious.
text: Framed on a wall in John’s office is Lemarchand’s design
dialog: itself, the original document brought to America by Genevieve.
text: John is standing with his back to his door as AN ASSISTANT
text: shows in a visitor and leaves.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Take a seat, I’1l be...
text: He stops, stunned, as he finds himself looking at Angelique.
text: She holds his gaze. For a beat, it’s almost as if he’s ina
text: trance-like state. His voice is small and confused.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I... I know you...
text: Angelique crosses to him and holds out her hand. He shakes it,
text: blinking himself back into something approaching normality.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: You’ve no idea what a pleasure it is to meet you. Again.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You were there. Last night.
text: Angelique walks around the office, looking at the designs.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Oh yes. This is all very good. You’re the one we’ve been
dialog: waiting for.
text: John reacts to this echo of the phrase we’ve heard his
dialog: Grandmother say in dreams.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: A friend, I hope. A client, I’m sure.
text: John stares at her as she reaches the framed cat’s-cradle
text: design. For an all-but-subliminal FLASH, she looks different -
text: her hair and makeup more like her 18‘ Century self.
text: Angelique takes a quick breath at the sight of the design as
dialog: if there’s something disturbing or dangerous about it.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: This is yours?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No. It’s been in the family for centuries. I’m... working on
dialog: something based on it. I...
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: May I see it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nobody’s seen it.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Then let me be the first. It’1ll be our secret.
text: John - under the same kind of hypnotic sway his ancestor once
text: was with this women - clicks on the computer on his desk and a
text: 3-D SIMULATION comes onto the monitor
text: It looks like an art-installation in a gallery space. The six
text: faces of the Box are set at various angles.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Something I wanted to do with mirrors and lasers...
text: Angelique stares fascinated at the screen.
text: John stares fascinated at Angelique. Again, a FLASH or a
text: BLURRING of this reality and the past. Very brief.
text: On the screen, BEAMS OF LIGHT suddenly burst from the six
text: faces, echoing the lines drawn from the faces in the original
text: design. The beams meet, merge and reflect in the centre of the
text: simulated space, coalescing into a beautiful LIGHT-SCULPTURE -
text: which is a luminous 3-D echo of the cat’s cradle.
text: The beams from the six faces blink off, leaving the
text: luminescent cat’s cradle hovering in the middle of the
text: simulated room.
text: Angelique stares at it, fascinated and horrified.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: See, in theory it’s possible. Perpetual light. Trapped light
text: feeding off its own reflections.
text: He clicks the monitor off.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But I could never make it work. I’d get a few seconds, then
dialog: it’d blink out.
text: Angelique, visibly relieved at the disappearance of the image
text: walks away from the desk into the room.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Sometimes a few seconds are more than enough, toymaker
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What did you call me? Who are you?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: You think you don’t remember. But your blood knows. Let it
dialog: remind you.
text: And suddenly the image in front of John TRANSFORMS. Angelique
text: remains precisely where she is but she is dressed in the style
text: of the 18‘ century and the room around her is not John’s
text: office but the ante-chamber of the Chateau Du Reve.
text: John blinks and the image dissolves back to the present.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (almost unconsciously)
dialog: Angelique...
text: Angelique gives a delighted laugh. She smiles beguilingly.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: You know me from dreams, John Merchant. John Lemarchand. We
dialog: have a history together. We have a destiny together
text: Angelique’s manner is as hypnotically seductive as it was with
text: Phillip centuries before, the room’s lights fading around her
text: John has to fight a spinning head to answer.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t believe in destiny.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: You think your work on the building was an accident? It called
dialog: to you, John.
text: She crosses the room to him, her beautiful eyes never leaving
text: his face. She strokes his cheek.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: We have great work to do. I shall be in touch.
text: She turns and leaves, John staring after her incredulous and
dialog: fascinated.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BUILDING EVENING
text: The building framed against a twilight sky.
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, TOP-FLOOR CORRIDOR EVENING
dialog: 
text: An elevator door at the far end opens and VALERIE DYSON, a
text: uniformed Security Officer, exits and walks up the corridor.
text: She’s about 40 and is speaking into a cell-phone.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: I know, honey. Homework’s always sucked. And I am helping.
dialog: See, you do the work and get the grades. And I walk round
dialog: empty buildings and get the money. And, between us, we send
dialog: you to college. You get it? It’s teamwork
dialog: 
text: To the CRACKLE of a replying child on the cell-phone, Valerie
text: reaches a door to an office suite.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, honey, I’ve gotta check on
dialog: something. I’1l see you later, okay? I love you.
text: She holsters the cell-phone and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, OFFICE-SUITE EVENING (CONT. )
text: Valerie looks around the large room, puzzled. It’s strangely-
text: lit - a single pool of light near the front dissolving into
text: shadows beyond. She exhales - and her breath is visible in the
text: unnaturally chilly air. A single table is in the room. On it
dialog: is the Box.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Hello?
text: From the shadows Angelique emerges into the little light
text: Valerie is instantly alert and on-guard.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Ma’am - the building is closed. And this office is vacant.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Not any more.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: You’ve rented it?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Arrangements have been made.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Well, I’ve heard nothing about it. I’1l have to...
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You’1l have to leave. My colleague and I are in conference.
text: Colleague? Valerie looks deeper into the room...
text: In the far shadows, we suddenly sense another brooding
text: presence. And sounds come faintly - disturbing sounds, like
text: the rattling of chains.
text: Valerie looks back at Angelique, at the secret amusement on
text: her face. The atmosphere is increasingly uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Perhaps we can deal with this tomorrow?
text: Valerie pauses, then nods her head nervously. Screw this.
dialog: She’s got a kid to get through school. She doesn’t need any
text: trouble. She backs out of the room..
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR EVENING (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: closing the door in front of her. She turns and heads down
text: to the elevator. Halfway, something makes her look back.
text: She GASPS. The area by the office-suite door is suddenly dark
text: as if blackness is bleeding from the room into the corridor.
text: And then she hears the sound of the door opening...
text: and she’s rushing to the elevator and hitting the button.
text: The elevator doors open and she runs in, only then turning to
dialog: look back...
text: She SCREAMS. The BEAST that prowled in the shadows behind
text: Pinhead earlier is in the corridor by the office door. Semi-
text: human but four-legged, it’s like something the scientists at
dialog: Cenobite Central made as a joke from what was left of a man
text: and what was left of a dog after a particularly nasty car
dialog: crash.
text: Valerie jabs frantically at the first-floor button.
text: For a frozen second the Beast - whose eyes are only black pits
text: and who locates its prey by smell and sound - “stares” down
text: the corridor at her. Then it launches itself. Its speed is
text: terrifying. Braying like a hyena, its hurtles impossibly
text: forward defying all laws of gravity, running up and down the
text: walls, across the ceiling, over the floor
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: NO!! NOOOO!!!
text: At the very last second - just as the bestial face is inches
text: from the open door, its teeth CHATTERING together at
text: incredible speed (showing a distinct family resemblance to
text: Pinhead’s old ally The Chatterer, though at a horribly
text: devolved level) - the elevator door slams shut!
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ELEVATOR EVENING (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: To the SOUND of the Beast scrabbling against the outer door,
text: the elevator cabin begins to move downward.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Oh, thank God! Thank God!!
text: She looks at the floor display above the door. The electronic
dialog: numerals show the passing floors: 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2
text: Her panicked breathing finally slowing, she moves toward the
text: door as her floor approaches...
text: but the elevator does not stop. And the numbers keep
dialog: descending: 1, 0, -1, -2, -3
text: Her fingers stab repeatedly at the first floor button.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Shit. C’mon. C’mon!
dialog: The numbers keep descending: -4, -5, -6
text: Her finger reaches forward again...
text: and suddenly the elevator’s speed increases horribly!
text: Valerie is thrown from her feet as the cabin rockets downward.
text: The quiet hum of the lift machinery becomes A SCREECHING HOWL
text: and the LCD display is a scarlet BLUR of impossible numbers as
text: the cabin speeds down... down... down... And Valerie scrabbles
text: at the walls, trying impossibly to clamber up them to avoid
dialog: the inevitable crash...
text: And then the cabin stops. Stops suddenly and jarringly, but
dialog: without the explosive bone-crushing finality we expected.
text: The howl of the machinery’s over, LCD a burn-out. And Valerie
text: is in the centre of the cabin frozen in shock. Is it over?
text: Unfortunately not. The door starts to GLOW RED-HOT as if
text: unbelievable furnaces burn somewhere just beyond its fragile
dialog: protection...
text: Simultaneously, HIDEOUS SOUNDS begin to drift in from outside
text: - nightmarish sounds of indescribable agony and unspeakable
text: joy growing in intensity and volume by the second.
dialog: I think we know where Valerie has landed, don’t we?
text: The door PINGS as if to signal its arrival and its imminent
text: opening. Which isn’t something she’s keen to see.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: Oh God. No. No!
text: She presses her hands on it in a terrified attempt to stop it.
speaker_heading: VALERIE
dialog: AAAAAHHH! ! !
text: She staggers back, SCREAMING in agony and staring at her palms
text: - which are HORRIBLY BLISTERED.
text: There’s nothing she can do - except to stare in horror at the
dialog: door and wait for it to open...
text: and the floor of the cabin gives way! Splitting along the
text: centre, it opens wide in less then a second and she drops
text: helplessly out of sight into the terrible BLACK VOID below...
scene_heading: INT. BLACK VOID
scene_heading: ANGLE UPWARDS/VALERIE’S POV - Blackness all around and the
text: sense of dizzyingly fast descent. Up above - and fast receding
text: - is the single square of light which is the elevator cabin
text: seen through its open floor...
speaker_heading: VALERIE
text: NOOOOOOOO!!!!!
text: smaller and smaller grows this last precious glimpse of
text: light until suddenly even it is cut off as the floor SLAMS
text: back into place and all is darkness and terror
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, OFFICE SUITE EVENING
dialog: 
text: Angelique and Pinhead stand in the shadows. Somewhere beyond
text: them, we hear the impatient prowling of the Beast.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Where is Merchant?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
text: All but in my grasp.
text: Pinhead sneers in dismissive impatience.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: I’d have what was left of his mouth begging to work for us by
dialog: now!
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Your Hell has forgotten not only chaos and laughter but the
text: slow delight of temptation.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: I’ve harvested more souls than you could dream of and their
dialog: suffering is with me always. That is a slow delight.
text: Angelique turns angrily and heads for the door. Pinhead speaks
text: back to her.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Your methods are outmoded, Angelique. Hell is mine. Adjust,
dialog: or...
text: Angelique turns back in the open door and interrupts.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: I will have Merchant!
text: She exits...
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, TOP-FLOOR CORRIDOR (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: and slams the door behind her. She walks away.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: And I will have Hell. My Hell!
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, OFFICE-SUITE EVENING
dialog: 
text: Pinhead looks at the closed door, amused. He steps further
text: forward into the room and stands, concentrating.
text: Slowly, supernaturally, the space around him changes in
text: nature. The light alters, the shadows shift... The room feels
text: like A CHAMBER OF HELL, a place whose shadows seem to give on
text: to unseen vistas from where terrible SOUNDS emanate.
text: The Beast prowls the perimeters of the room. Other CENOBITES
text: are halfOglimpsed in the blue shadows.
text: Like a general adressing his troops or the Pope bringing his
text: Cardinals up to speed, Pinhead addresses them.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: I grow impatient with the Princess. Human acquiescence is
dialog: obtained as easily by terror as by temptation...
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, LOBBY EVENING
text: Angelique walks through the deserted lobby. She pauses in the
text: centre and looks up at the back wall’s moving panel.
text: Then her eyes flick from corner to corner of the room, from
text: face to face of the huge Box-like murals, and back to the
text: centre of the room as if judging angles, judging distances...
text: We see her mind work. She’s seeing something here, something
dialog: that Pinhead knows nothing about...
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM NIGHT
dialog: 
text: TRACK into John’s dreaming face.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: DREAMSPACE
text: - The SIMULATED LIGHT-SCULPTURE we saw on his computer spins,
text: free-floating against a dream-like one-coloured background.
dialog: - His Grandmother’s face.
speaker_heading: GRANDMOTHER
dialog: You’re the one they’ve been waiting for
dialog: - Angelique’s face.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: You’re the one we’ve been waiting for.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BUILDING, FORECOURT (THAT MOMENT)
dialog: 
text: CLOSE on Angelique standing in the night. CLOSER still on her
text: eyes, narrowing in concentration as if projecting thoughts...
speaker_heading: DREAMSCAPE
text: - Angelique and John, naked and entwined, making love. John is
text: sexually aggressive, his hands twisted tight in her hair
text: Angelique’s voice ECHOES over and over
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Whatever you want... Whatever you want... Whatever you want...
text: - The camera PANS from the lovers to find an 18‘ century
text: AUTOMATON (like those Lemarchand made): A beautiful woman who
text: courtseys and bows her head. As she lifts it again, the face
text: is suddenly TERRIFYING and DEMONIC!
text: A jarring, startling RINGING SOUND!
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM DAWN
dialog: 
text: The ringing is the bedside phone.
text: John blinks awake in shock and grabs at the phone as Bobbi
text: peers at him from sleepy eyes.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: What time is it? Who the hell is that?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Good morning, toymaker
text: John spins half-out of bed to sit on the side, pressing the
text: phone tight to his ear.
text: Bobbi, left back on her side of the bed and excluded from the
text: call, stares at John’s back, troubled.
text: We can now only hear John’s half of the conversation, which
dialog: gives nothing away.
speaker_heading: JOHN
speaker_heading: (ad-1ib)
dialog: Yeah... Uh-huh... OK... etc.
text: John replaces the phone and turns back to Bobbi’s curious
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: A client. He’s Japanese. No sense of time. Business, business.
text: He reaches over and strokes Bobbi’s brow.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Go back to sleep. It’s early.
text: Each lies on their side away from each other. And each keeps
text: their eyes open - Bobbi’s worried, John’s guilty, troubled.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE/DESIGN DISTRICT DAY
dialog: 
text: The area of town that houses John’s business.
text: ANGLE ON a warehouse converted to an Art Gallery.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ART GALLERY DAY
text: A few CUSTOMERS weave in and out of the various alcoves and
text: rooms within the huge ground-floor space.
text: John stands in front of a large canvas. He sense a presence
text: nearby and turns. It’s Angelique. They smile in greeting.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t know why I’m here.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Yes you do.
text: Her eyes lock on his. Her gaze is challenging and inviting.
text: John stares at her, lost in her beauty, her sexuality, her
dialog: blatant availability.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Whatever you want...
text: John reacts to this echo from his erotic dream. She smiles.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Were we good together?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: I knew we would be. I’ve always known.
text: She takes his arm and leads him further into the gallery.
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT DAY
text: Bobbi, supporting an over-filled laundry basket, is at the
text: apartment door talking to Jack, who is on the floor working on
text: a model kit with profound seriousness.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Mommy’11 be five minutes, honey. Okay?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (eyes not leaving his kit)
dialog: Shh, mom. I’m concentrating.
text: Bobbi grins and maneuvers herself out of the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY CORRIDOR DAY
text: A NEON LIGHT FLICKERS on the ceiling. Another’s dead. There’s
text: an opressive silence as Bobbi walks towards the laundry-room.
text: A SHARP NOISE! She spins round. The detergent on top of the
text: clothes topples. She grabs it. There’s nothing behind her
text: But an atmosphere of foreboding remains as she reaches the
text: Laundry room. She casts another glance down the corridor as
text: she goes in. Nothing, just the flicker and the silence.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM DAY (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: The Laundry-room - a bank of washing machine, a table, couple
text: of plastic chairs, and a bank of dryers - is empty. But as
text: Bobbi goes through the routine - opening two washers, loading
text: them, counting her quarters, sprinkling the powder - the
text: creepy atmosphere that we felt in the corridor continues.
text: Suddenly - THWAP! THWAP! THWAP! - a terrible beating sound
text: fills the air. Bobbie jumps and cries out. What is it?
text: Through the window, we see a PIGEON. The sound is merely its
text: wings beating against the glass. It flies off.
text: Bobbi sighs and continues. But the edgy atmosphere remains. We
text: feel as if there’s a presence on the edges of our senses,
text: something watching and waiting. Something malign.
text: Perhaps it’s the shadows in the room. Do they move at the
text: corner of our vision? The feeling persists. A sense of
text: imminence. Something is going to happen. Something bad.
text: Bobbi hits the start button and straightens up. She glances
text: round the room again. Nothing. She’s being silly. And then she
text: glances upwards, as if thinking. Suddenly she’s certain...
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: (fearful whisper)
dialog: Jack...
text: and she’s gone. Ignoring the basket, she’s out the room.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY-ROOM CORRIDOR DAY (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: The neon flickers as Bobbi runs to the door to the stairs...
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS BETWEEN FLOORS DAY (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: and hurtles up the one flight to their apartment floor
text: SOUNDS SWELL on the soundtrack - a BANGING like an angry fist
text: on an apartment wall and a MUFFLED VOICE raised in anger
text: And something else. A LOW HELLISH RUMBLING on the very edge of
text: perception - like a distant echo of unimaginable machines
text: indescribably vast and inexpressibly malicious.
text: Bobbi heaves open the door to their corridor, runs out...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR TO MERCHANT’S APARTMENT DAY (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: and suddenly slows, staring ahead, her face apalled.
text: Pulsing SHAFTS OF BLUE LIGHT are visible beneath and behind
text: the apartment door. The LOW RUMBLES are louder now. Something
text: has come to her home. And it’s behind her door. With her
dialog: child.
text: Further down the corridor, the THUMPING continues.
scene_heading: ELDERLY NEIGHBOUR
dialog: (of f )
dialog: Stop it! Be quiet! I’ve called the Police! (etc, ad-lib)
text: Bobbi runs to her door, no thought for her own safety...
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Jack!
text: only that of her child. She opens the door
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANTS’ APARTMENT DAY (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: The front room’s empty. Jack’s model kit lies crushed on the
text: floor! The BLUE LIGHT is from the open door to the next room.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Jack? Jack!!
text: Terror mounting, the Blue Light playing across her face, Bobbi
text: heads for the other room...
text: Only to stop as Jack walks out into the doorway. Bobbi doesn’t
text: take time to notice the strange, stunned look on his face.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Jack! Thank God. Come here.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can’t, mommy. He won’t let me.
text: One of Jack’s arms is stretched out back into the room and, as
text: Bobbi moves forward and the angle changes, we see why.
text: Pinhead is holding the boy’s hand!
text: Bobbi SCREAMS as the demon smiles cruelly at her
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Get your hands off him!
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Young. Unformed. What appetites I could teach him. what
dialog: endless hungers he could learn.
text: Bobbi rushes forward. Pinhead jabs a forbidding finger
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Stay!
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Give him to me!! Please, please!!
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: You suffer beautifully. But we’re here for business, not
dialog: pleasure.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: What?! Just tell me what you want!!
text: Pinhead looks from her to Jack and back. He smiles.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: I want bait. Live bait.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: INT. ART GALLERY DAY
text: Angelique and John walk into a partitioned space in the
text: gallery. It houses some large video-installation and, apart
text: from the light from the bank of monitors, is dark
text: There is a single viewing bench. Nobody is in there.
text: Angelique pauses and looks up at John. She’s waiting.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (trying to stay rational)
dialog: I’ve dreamed of you. Not just last night. For years. But...
text: But when I wake up, it’s Bobbi who’s there. Bobbi.
text: Angelique says nothing, does nothing. She’s still waiting.
text: John blinks, as if fighting a powerful spell. With each blink,
text: a FLASH IMAGE - The Box, The Cat’s-Cradle, Grandma, Bobbi...
text: But it’s no good. The spell is too strong. He leans down...
text: And they kiss. Their arms wrap around each other slowly and
text: they press their bodies together in a passionate embrace.
text: Still kissing, they sink onto the bench. Their hands roam each
text: other’s bodies. John lowers his head, kissing her neck and
text: shoulders. She puts her hands to the back of his head, pushing
text: him lower. He kisses her breast wildly. Encouraged by her
text: moans, he slips his hand beneath her skirt.
text: Angelique’s head is thrown back in pleasure. It’s clear that
text: this is not just Hellish seduction. She’s getting off on it
text: too. Her eyes half-close, her mouth half-opens...
text: ... and something else begins to happen. Her guard down, her
text: blood inflamed, her passion pulsing, she begins unknowingly to
text: slip her mask of humanity. It’s subtle at first, a strange de-
text: focused effect that blurs her features as her face begins to
text: twitch in more than passion.
text: Carried away by John’s intimate caresses, she is moving into a
text: pre-orgasmic state, her breathing heavy and animal-like. John
text: raises his head, his hand still lost between her legs...
text: and GASPS in shock as he looks at her face.
text: Angelique’s eyes are SOLID MASSES IF GLISTENING BLACKNESS!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My God!
text: He leaps to his feet in shock and fear, backing away.
text: Angelique, ecstasy turned to frustration and rage, throws back
text: her head and roars. Her mouth is FANGED and DEMONIC!
text: Realising what she looks like, Angelique waves an arm at the
text: bank of monitors and they BLOW OUT en masse, plunging the room
dialog: into shadowed darkness!
text: John turns and runs, fleeing the partitioned space as
text: Angelique’s transformation climaxes in the darkness, giving us
text: a shadowed sense of her terrible appearance.
text: John flees through the rest of the gallery - stared at
text: strangely by the other CUSTOMERS.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING DUSK
text: It’s later. Night is falling as John’s car pulls up and John
text: gets out and runs to the building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING CORRIDOR NIGHT
dialog: 
text: John moves down the corridor - and freezes.
text: The door to John’s apartment has across it a series of yellow
text: tapes with black letters spelling out CRIME SCENE DO NOT
speaker_heading: CROSS.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh Christ.
text: He rushes forward and opens the door, ripping the tape aside.
speaker_heading: JOHN:
dialog: Bobbi?! Jack?!!
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: John rushes round the apartment. No signs of disturbance. But
text: no Bobbi. And no Jack. He cries out to the empty room...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What happened?! what happened?! !
text: His eyes go to the back of the front door. Tacked to it is the
text: ripped-off magazine cover featuring his building.
speaker_heading: GRANDMOTHER
dialog: (off, echoed, ghostly)
dialog: You’re the one they’ve been waiting for
text: As he looks at it, the whole cover suddenly begins to POUR
text: WITH BLOOD! John gets the message.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING, TOP-FLOOR OFFICE-SUITE NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Bobbi and Jack crouch on the floor of the office, their
text: breaths visible in the supernaturally cold air. Bobbi hugs
text: Jack protectively in the pool of light, while in the
text: threatening shadows beyond, we hear the padding and the
text: prowling of the half-seen circling Beast which guards them.
text: The Box still sits on the table. Jack points at it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, Mommy. Like Daddy’s drawings.
text: Bobbi stares at the Box. Jack’s right. She reaches out and
text: picks it up.
text: In the background, the Beast raises its blind head. wWhat’s
dialog: happening?
text: Bobbi runs her hand over the Box like so many before her and,
text: like so many before her, her fingers almost instinctively find
text: the appropriate movements. Her thumb strokes the central
text: circle-motif and there is the TINIEST FLASH OF BLUE LIGHT...
text: and the Beast steps menacingly forward, SNARLING!
text: Bobbi drops the Box and cradles the terrified Jack
scene_heading: EXT. THE BUILDING NIGHT
text: The building framed against a night sky in which razor-thin
text: clouds slice across a huge and heavy moon.
text: John runs across the forecourt and through the entrance.
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, LOBBY NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: John stands in the deserted lobby.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Bobbi! Bobbi! !
text: His voice echoes in the empty reaches of the place. He runs
text: through it until his eye is caught by the elevator - where the
text: number 7 is flashing on and off on the indicator above it.
scene_heading: TIME-CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, TOP-FLOOR CORRIDOR NIGHT
dialog: 
text: John exits the elevator and stares down the long corridor...
text: JOHN’S POV - the whole corridor has become Hellish. We stare
text: down a nightmarish gauntlet, a creepy, cold, shadowed walkway
text: in which chains and hooks hang and rattle. The floor is wet
text: and mildewed, the doors warped and slimy. At the far end,
text: beckoning BLUE LIGHT pulses from the door of the office-suite.
text: Horrible LOW SOUNDS fill the air, like the laboured breathing
text: of some vast asthmatic creature, as John begins to make his
dialog: way cautious way down.
text: As his feet pass a door, BLOOD oozes in rich quantities from
text: beneath it.
text: A TERRIBLE CACKLING LAUGH. From nowhere. From everywhere.
text: A chain shivers and twists, spinning to reveal a BABY’S LIVER
text: skewered on a hook.
text: CLOSE on John’s feet - as a SLITHERING BLACK EEL writhes over
text: them to disappear into the shadows.
text: In a web on a wall, A PREGNANT SPIDER bursts into labour and
text: SCORES OF TINY SPIDERS spill from her body, rushing
dialog: everywhere.
text: John moves resolutely on despite all these scares, drawing
text: nearer to the office-suite and the near-blinding BLUE LIGHT.
text: He reaches the door...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Bobbi? Jack?
text: and walks, dazzled and half-blinded, into the light.
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, TOP-FLOOR OFFICE-SUITE NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: For a moment, all John can see is the intense Blue Light. Then
text: is resolves. Ahead of John, still on the floor, are Bobbi and
text: Jack. John starts to rush forward...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Thank God!
text: and suddenly the Beast springs forward from the shadows,
text: stopping close to Bobbi and Jack, glaring at John!
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: John, don’t!
text: John staggers to a halt, shocked and scared.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What the...
text: The Beast comes no nearer. But Pinhead now emerges from the
text: shadows also. He smiles at John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t know who or what you are and I don’t care. I just want
dialog: my wife. I just want my son.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: I understand. You love this boy. You have plans for him. Hopes
dialog: and dreams. A whole imagined future where you love him and
dialog: watch him grow.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (helpless truth)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Then first you must complete your work. Or, though the child
dialog: will not die here, for a thousand years his dearest wish will
dialog: be that he had.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: For God’s sake, how can you... (be so cruel?)
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Do I look like someone who cares what God thinks?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Just tell me what you want.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: (gestures at table)
dialog: Look at that Box. A pathway to Hell made by an ancestor of
dialog: yours.
text: Both John and Bobbi stare at the Box and then at each other.
text: John’s dreams. His Grandmother’s claims. Not so crazy.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: The panel downstairs? Potentially a bigger pathway. You will
dialog: help it fulfill its promise.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: John. Your dreams. Your grandmother. It’s all true. All true.
dialog: You mustn’t do this. You can’t let more of these things into
dialog: the world!
text: Pinhead’s mocking laughter rings out as John looks at his wife
text: and child, at the monsters beside them.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Bobbi -right now you and Jack are all the world I care about.
dialog: I have to do this.
scene_heading: TIME-CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOP-FLOOR CORRIDOR NIGHT
text: John, Bobbi and Jack walk down the corridor passing the many
text: doors on the way to the elevator, Pinhead behind them.
text: As they draw abreast another door John suddenly jumps
text: sideways, knocking Bobbi and Jack through the door ahead of
dialog: him!
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, STAIRWELL NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: As Bobbi steadies Hack, John slams the door closed, yanking
text: down the bar-lock.
text: A HOOKED CHAIN instantly splinters through the wood!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Go! Go!!
text: The three of them pelt down the stairwell to the SOUND of the
text: door smashing above them.
text: They reach the next level and exit through the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, NEXT FLOOR CORRIDOR NIGHT (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: John glances up and down the corridor
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Bobbi - that way! Another staircase!
text: Bobbi hugs jack fiercely and runs the way John pointed.
text: John grabs Jack and rushes him to the elevator door. He hits
text: the button, glancing anxiously back at the stairwell door
text: The elevator opens and John places Jack inside. Jack, scared,
text: reaches for his dad.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, Jack. The lobby. I’1l meet you there. Be brave. Be good.
text: The door closes. John turns back to face the corridor
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: C’mon, you bastard. It’s me you want.
text: The stairwell door bursts open and Pinhead comes through.
text: John pauses just long enough to let the demon catch the sight
text: of him and then he disappears down an intersecting corridor.
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, OTHER CORRIDOR (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: John runs madly toward another door which he slams open
text: revealing another stairwell which he rushes down.
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, ANOTHER STAIRWELL
dialog: 
text: Bobbi is rushing down a different stairwell.
text: Below her, a rushing padding sound and the ROAR of the Beast
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: No! That’s impossible! !
text: Apparently not. She turns round and runs up, terror-stricken,
text: reaching the door to the top floor and smashing it open.
scene_heading: INT. TOP-FLOOR CORRIDOR (CONT. )
text: Bobbi runs down the corridor, glances over her shoulder...
text: The Beast bursts onto the floor, howling for blood, its speed
dialog: terrifying, its appearance worse!
text: SCREAMING, Bobbi pushes open the door of the office-suite...
scene_heading: INT. TOP-FLOOR OFFICE-SUITE (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: : and slams it behind her. She shoves the table up against
text: the door and stands back, looking round helplessly.
text: SLAM! ! The Beast smashes against the door from the other side.
text: The impact sends the Box careering down the table toward
dialog: Bobbi.
text: SLAM!! It hits again. The door begins to splinter
text: Bobbi’s eyes flick from the Box to the door and back. She
text: snatches up the Box...
text: just as the Beast comes smashing through the door to land
text: on the table and rush down its length toward her
text: Bobbi holds the Box up in front of her... and the Beast stops.
text: Still terrifying, still powerful, it waits, hesitant
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Does this pathway work both ways?
text: Her fingers work feverishly at the Box. It starts to move...
text: and the Beast, baring its teeth in a blood-curdling HOWL,
text: leaps forward, hurtling through the air in attack-mode...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE BUILDING, LOBBY NIGHT
text: John bursts into the lobby from a stairwell door and rushes
text: over to the elevator.
text: A look of dread comes over him as he sees the elevator door
text: banging constantly against the side of its doorjamb as if it
text: is trying to open and something is wrong with the mechanism.
text: John runs to it... and it suddenly flies open with a
text: terrifyingly LOUD NOISE.
text: John jumps in shock but moves further and looks in...
text: ... and down. There is no cabin there, just a dizzying drop
text: into blackness. Incredibly distant, but disturbing, SOUNDS
text: echo up the shaft. Sounds of flame, machinery, and agony.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No! Jack! Jack!!
text: He hears a sound behind him and turns - to see Jack...
text: and Angelique, back in human form, her hands resting on
text: Jack’s young shoulders! Her eyes are no longer seductive as
text: they stare at John but cold and angry. Then she looks down at
text: Hack and coos like a nightmare vision of dark motherhood.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
text: So young. So tender. So ripe.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Get your hands off him!
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Get your hands on the console, toymaker. You have work to do.
scene_heading: TIME-CUT TO:
text: John at the lectern, Angelique nearby still holding Jack
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: My colleague told you what to do?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes.
text: He’s working at the console, looking up at the patterns on the
text: back wall panel, trying to find the infernal one.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Don’t.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Make the Elysian Configuration instead.
text: John, genuinely confused, looks at Angelique but, before she
text: can elucidate, Pinhead appears at the far end of the lobby.
text: Pinhead is grinning in triumph. He walks towards them. As he
text: reaches the centre, Angelique speaks to John.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: The toymaker’s design! The lights! I know they’re here.
text: John looks rapidly from her to the walls, to the corners, to
text: the reflective points on the surfaces and then keys an entry
text: into the console. His finger hovers over the “enter” key. He
text: looks at her. Why should he do what she wants? She raises a
text: hand toward Jack’s neck in threat.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Do it!!
text: John hits the key.
text: LIGHT-BEAMS shoot out from points in the wall faces, jetting
text: in toward the centre of the lobby!
text: A sudden wave of suspicion washes over Pinhead’s face.
text: The BEAMS meet, EXPLODING into a DAZZLING CORUSCATION!
text: Angelique, stepping well back to near the lectern and away
text: from what’s happening, grins in double-cross victory.
text: Pinhead ROARS in anger and fear. Suddenly, he tips his head
text: way back - and a CHAIN flies from out of his mouth, jetting up
text: straight toward the ceiling!
text: The hooked chain anchors itself into the ceiling - and PINHEAD
text: flies upward along it at incredible speed, like a spider
dialog: sucking itself back up a web-strand!
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: NOOOO! !!
text: Pinhead, fastened supernaturally to the ceiling like a
text: humanoid insect, looks down...
text: as the LIGHT-SCULPTURE from John’s simulation of
text: Lemarchand’s cat’s-cradle bursts into being far below him!
text: Pinhead, snarling in angry revenge, shoots his head in various
text: directions as if summoning supernatural aid...
text: and a MULTITUDE OF CHAINS suddenly fly from low angles and
text: wrap themselves around Angelique, pirouetting rapidly up her
dialog: body to cocoon her!
text: Simultaneously, as in the simulation, the original beams go
text: off and the light-sculpture is left free-floating.
text: Jack - almost literally squeezed from Angelique’s grasp as the
text: chains fly upwards - is sent tumbling towards his father who
text: grabs him protectively as...
text: Angelique is suddenly yanked off her feet and pilled
text: inexorably toward the centre of the room and the luminescent
dialog: cat’s-cradle.
text: From Pinhead’s POV, Angelique disappears beneath the light.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: It burns!! It burns!!!
text: John hugs Jack tightly to him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: A few seconds is the best I ever got...
text: And, as if on cue, the cat’s-cradle winks out of existence.
text: From this angle, we see that Angelique hadn’t quite reached it
text: and is lying still on the floor wrapped in the chains.
text: Pinhead lowers himself rapidly down and stalks toward John. As
text: he passes Angelique, she raises her head and laughs
text: hysterically as if driven made by her proximity to
dialog: destruction.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: (to John)
dialog: You’re as dangerous as she said you were. No more games.
text: Pinhead flicks his head toward little Jack - and a hooked
dialog: chain comes flying at the boy!
text: John launches himself forward, shoving Jack aside...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Run, Jack! Run!!
text: . and taking his place as the chain snaps viciously through
dialog: the air...
text: » and slams right through John’s throat, killing him
dialog: instantly!
text: Jack is running across the lobby.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: The bloodline! Kill it!!
text: Pinhead swings round, getting Jack in his eye-line...
text: ». and Jack is suddenly grasped by an arm and pulled tight to
text: a cradling body!
text: It’s Bobbi - and she’s got the Box in her hand. Straightening
text: up and shielding Jack, she holds the Box forward, moving it.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: Go play with your dog, you bastard!
text: The Box flies from her hand, spinning and turning through its
text: positions, and hits the floor
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: No!!
text: The Box clicks into place...
text: . and Pinhead and Angelique are SUCKED into it, screaming
text: their frustrated rage.
text: Bobbi pulls Jack tight to her and crouches down...
text: .. as the whole lobby begins to SHAKE and SHUDDER. EXPLOSIONS
text: of LIGHT and SOUND fill the frame as Hell reclaims everything
text: of its own: The Box is still open - and it’s pulling the walls
dialog: and murals into itself!
text: Suddenly - with a final explosive WHITE-OUT - all is silent
text: and still and Bobbi and Jack are alone in the denuded and
text: devastated lobby with the closed Box.
text: CLOSE on the Box. TRACK OUT...
scene_heading: INT. MERCHANT'S APARTMENT DAY
text: to reveal the Box sitting on a table in the apartment.
text: Bobbi is sitting with Jack, talking to him.
speaker_heading: BOBBI
dialog: The Box has to stay in our family, Jack. It must never get
dialog: away from us. And it must never be opened. Never. We can’t
dialog: even destroy it until we know it’s safe. Your dad didn’t know
dialog: the whole story. Neither do I. But we’re going to find out,
dialog: sweetheart. I’1l help you. You’1l grow up knowing everything.
dialog: And so will your children. And their children. And one day our
dialog: family will be ready. Ready to put things right in a time yet
dialog: to come...
text: As Bobbi talks, the camera TRACKS in on Jack’s completely
text: attentive face as it absorbs what his mother is saying. CLOSER
text: and CLOSER until Jack’s eye fills the frame and we fall into
text: the BLACKNESS of his pupil in ECU...
scene_heading: COMPLETE BLACKNESS
text: Camera PANS along the blackness and suddenly, startlingly,
text: tiny points of light appear. Distant stars. We’re in outer
dialog: space.
dialog: ”
text: Bobbi’s last words “a time yet to come...” echo over this
dialog: transition, as...
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP SPACE
text: . A PASSENGER SHUTTLE suddenly hurtles toward us through the
text: dark and silent void. As it fills the frame, CUT TO REVERSE -
text: - and the shuttle speeds away from us, disappearing into the
text: distant darkness. Over its movement, a Super-imposed TITLE:
scene_heading: THE GOVERNMENT SHIP ENDEAVOUR VII
scene_heading: EN ROUTE TO THE SPACE STATION MINOS 2204 AD
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP SPACE, MINOS
text: A different sector of space. TRACK down to reveal the TOWERS
text: of the space station MINOS.
text: The Minos is an ASTEROID. For the most part craggy, barren and
text: crater-studded, the top part is architectured - its towers and
text: buildings laser-hewn from the solid rock
text: LIGHTS shine from the towers. TRACK in to one and DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CABIN/HOLDING PEN ANNEXE, MINOS
dialog: 
dialog: We’re in a room decorated in 18" century style and full of 18"
text: century objects - including one of Lemarchand’s automata.
text: As the camera explores the room, A TV broadcast plays in the
text: BACKGROUND showing news footage of a MASSIVE FIRE.
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
text: Fires burn unchecked in the forests of Luna One tonight,
text: roaring wildly beneath the great meta-glass canopies of the
dialog: Pan-Pacific colony. Economic cutbacks that did away with the
dialog: Suits-for-Settlers program are now being blamed for the
text: colony’s inability to simply turn off the air and thus douse
text: the fire. Angry voices are being raised in Tokyo -
dialog: particularly because Colonists could be transported to the
dialog: Minos space station if that trillion-dollar facility was not a
dialog: year behind schedule and, according to unconfirmed sources,
text: not only out of radio-contact but also out of its geo-
dialog: stationary orbit. (etc etc)
text: At this point, the TV clicks off and the camera finds DR PAUL
text: MERCHANT, sitting in a Rocco-style chair
text: Paul is identical to Phillip and John except for a mole on his
text: cheek and his hair-colour. His face is haunted and obsessive.
text: The single-minded genius of his ancestors has reached a
text: neurotic fruition in him.
text: Behind him, we see on a wall the 2204 ad equivalent of a cork-
text: board - a screen on which IMAGES replay in rotational display.
dialog: The images are all familiar to us and all connected with the
dialog: bloodline’s history; The Box, the Cat’s-cradle design, family
dialog: portraits (photos of John, oils of Phillip, etc), sketches of
text: demons (Pinhead and Angelique), The Building, etc etc.
text: Paul is addressing an unseen listener
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The distance from all inhabitated planets and colonies is
dialog: important. It’s unclear what effect on the space-time
dialog: continuum such a surge of metaphysical energy will have.
text: There’s something strange about his voice. A little un-human.
text: A little computer-generated.
text: WIDEN TO REVEAL sitting opposite him, his hand at a computer
text: console on his lap, DR PAUL MERCHANT! !
speaker_heading: PAUL (THE REAL ONE)
dialog: I have to assume we’re far enough out now. Time has become a
dialog: factor.
text: He hits a key on his console and the first Paul BLINKS OUT of
text: existence. He was a holographic Computer Program.
text: Paul stands and crosses the room and we CHANGE ANGLRE to
dialog: see...
text: that the other end of the room is very different. The
dialog: first part we saw was Paul’s living quarters. This part looks
text: like a control booth or a mixing bay. On a desk are three 23"
text: century MONITORS and a pair of latex gloves, each fingertip
text: connected by micro-filaments to a console beneath one of the
dialog: monitors.
text: Below the desk and the monitors is a STAIRCASE leading down to
text: a separate structure - a large and massively solid HOLDING
text: PEN. It has a REINFORCED STEEL DOOR with a large locking
dialog: mechanism.
text: Paul sits at the desk and (as if movement-sensitive) one of
text: the monitors winks into life, and we CUT TO...
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING PEN, MINOS (CONT. )
text: a wall-mounted closed-circuit camera. A red light clicks
text: on to establish its link with the monitor Paul is working.
text: The closed-circuit camera moves as if selecting an image area.
text: We PULL AWAY to take in the room. It is a large bare space,
text: the walls massively thick and very tall. It is some kind of
dialog: holding pen for something very dangerous. Currently, it’s
text: empty except for a shadowed figure cross-legged in a corner...
text: There’s something familiar about this image. It’s a posture we
text: recognise. It reminds us of Elliot Spenser in HELLBOUND.
text: It is a simple SERVO-ROBOT - a steel skeleton with fully
text: articulated limbs. Its hands are close together in front of
text: its chest. And it’s holding the Lament Configuration.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CABIN/HOLDING PEN ANNEXE, MINOS (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: On the monitor, we see the same image of the robot and the
dialog: Box.
text: Paul reaches over to the gloves...
text: and a second monitor SQUAWKS into life, startling us.
text: On the monitor, CORRINNE COTTON, mid-20’s and attractive
text: though her onepiece worksuit and business-like haircut do
dialog: their best to ignore this. She’s the administrator of the
dialog: Minos.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: (on monitor)
dialog: Paul? Paul! I’m tracking a shuttle. It has to be government.
dialog: They’re coming. I’m serious.
text: A grimace of angry frustration crosses Paul’s face.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Corinne, I can’t be interrupted! Not now. I’m serious.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Well, whatever it is you’re doing, Paul, you better do it
dialog: fast!
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE-CONTROL/UTILITIES COMPLES, MINO (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: Corrinne, too, is at a desk, working in front of a batch of
text: monitors. Six of them show EXTERIOR SHOTS of HUGE FLAT PANELS,
text: all decorated with Box-like patterns and all studded with
text: (unlit) LIGHTS and MIRRORS. One monitor shows text:
text: complicated co-ordinates for the alignment of the satellites.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (on monitor)
dialog: You too. How’s it coming?
speaker_heading: CORRINNE
dialog: Slowly. You sure I can’t suit-up and nudge these mothers by
dialog: hand?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You’ve got a good eye, Corrinne, but the alignment’s too
dialog: precise. Trust the computers. Just keep feeding in the co-
dialog: ordinates. We’re so close. We’ve got to do it.
speaker_heading: CORRINNE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CABIN/HOLDING PEN ANNEXE, MINOS (CONT)
dialog: 
text: Paul breaks the video-link. He looks to the third monitor. On
text: the screen comes a high-definition image of the Lament
text: Configuration. It changes to a skeletal 3-D rendering of the
text: Box and moves around, showing it from al angles. The other
text: monitor still shows the robot and the Box.
text: Breathing nervously, Paul squeezes his hands into the latex
dialog: sensor-gloves.
text: Watching both the 3-D graphic and the image from within the
text: pen, Paul moves his hands in front of him. He’s not actually
text: holding anything but the movements of his hands look familiar
text: On the micro-glass monitor, the image of the Box moves and
text: changes as if Paul were actually moving a real Box.
text: We register the micro-filaments going into the console from
text: the gloves before we CUT TO...
scene_heading: INT. HLDING PEN, MINOS (CONT. )
text: similar micro-filaments emerging from the wall behind the
text: cross-legged robot and entering it at the elbows.
text: The skeletal steel hands of the robot begin to move. With
text: remote-controlled precision, its metal fingers play over the
text: Box, finding its secrets, discovering its hidden alignments
text: moving it closer and closer towards its final configuration...
text: and the Box jumps from the robot’s grip to land on the
text: floor in front of it, where it makes its own final adjustment.
text: A beat of silence and stillness...
text: And the robot suddenly EXPLODES! In a jolting shock-moment, it
text: is blasted apart, shattered to tiny fragments!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP SPACE
text: The passenger shuttle Endeavour speeds through space...
text: and the camera SIFTS ANGLE to REVEAL where it’s heading...
scene_heading: EXT. MINOS, DEEP SPACE (CONT. )
text: The Minos. In orbit around it are the SX SATELLITES,
text: surrounding it in a way reminiscent of how the six faces of
text: the Box were laid out by Lemarchand on the edge of his cat’s-
dialog: cradle design.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CABIN, HOLDING PEN ANNWXE, MINOS
dialog: 
text: Corrinne enters the annex. Paul is at the desk, his back to
text: her. He’s slumped back in his chair
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Paul - I can’t do it. It’s your program. It needs you. (no
dialog: reply) Paul? Paul, are you okay?
text: She moves round to him. Paul looks like he’s in shock. He
text: doesn’t even look at her.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: What’s happened?
text: Suddenly - a MASSIVE BANGING beyond the steel-reinforced door,
text: like something huge and angry is trying to get out!
text: Corinne starts in frightened shock
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: My God, Paul! What’s happened?!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They’re here. A whole lifetime - many lifetimes - to get
dialog: ready... But the sight of them...
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Sight of who? Who’s here?
text: Paul looks to the Pen-monitor. It clicks into life...
text: ... and the snarling, terrifying face of the Chatter-Beast
text: fills the screen, accompanied by its heart-stopping ROAR!
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: God in heaven, Paul; What have you done?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING PEN, MINOS - THAT MOMENT
dialog: 
text: The Pen is transformed into a vision of Hell. A cold blue
text: place of deep shadow and terror.
text: The Chatter-Beast is not alone. Two other CENOBITES prowl the
text: shadows. We can’t yet see them clearly.
text: An ARCHWAY OF BLUE LIGHT seems to form on the far wall of the
text: Pen. The Cenobites cease their prowling and watch...
text: as Pinhead makes his entrance.
text: Pinhead stalks elegantly into the centre of the Pen. He
text: glances round, registers the shattered robot, the Box, and
text: then his eyes go unerringly to the wall-mounted camera...
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CABIN/HOLDING PEN ANNEXE, MINOS - THAT MOMENT
dialog: 
text: and he addresses Paul directly through the monitor screen.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: (on monitor)
dialog: Merchant. I know you’re watching. We’d almost given up waiting
dialog: for you to play.
text: Corinne’s face is an ashen mask of horror
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: It knows you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We’ve never met. But he’s an old friend of the family.
text: Paul clicks the monitor off. He turns to Corinne.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: There it is, Corinne. The hidden agenda you kept wondering
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Never mind that. Can they get out?!
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Two-foot thick concrete and steel. (beat) And I don’t know. I
dialog: hope not.
text: A beat as they stare at each other
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know you need a full explanation - But I have to go and fix
text: those alignments before the shuttle gets here.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Paul, the shuttle’s here.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Buy me time.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: The government pays my wages, Paul. I have to hand the station
dialog: over. I...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It’s a question of minutes. Vital minutes.
text: He stares at her, imploring. A beat.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: I’1l do what I can.
scene_heading: EXT. MINOS, DEEP SPACE
text: An entry-bay door opens on one of the stone towers rising from
text: the surface of the Minos and the Endeavour enters.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY BAY, MINOS
text: An airlock door opens... and we TRACK in suddenly to the SIX
text: FIGURES that come rushing into the entry bay. Four of them are
text: MILITARY - uniformed, armed, and masked. The other two are
dialog: civilians.
text: EDWARDS, bureaucratic and embittered, is a male government
text: administrator. The other civilian is CHAMBERLAIN, a young-
text: looking scientist.
text: The military is headed by CARDUCCI, a wiry and grizzled no-
text: bullshit professional. His tough-looking squad are RSCOE (a
text: powerful very tall female), RIMMER (female), and PARKER
dialog: (male).
text: Edwards, Chamberlain, Carducci and the soldiers (arms at the
text: ready, scanning the area) walk into the large arrivals area.
text: Hewn with rock, it’s as much a cavern as it is a room.
scene_heading: (NB: PRODUCTION NOTE: This area and all the areas (mainly
dialog: corridors) that are not function-specific have a half-finished
text: laser-blasted look to them. There are grooves in the walls of
text: the rock where corridors and walkways were blasted through.
dialog: Unless specifically described otherwise, everywhere on the
dialog: Minos is rock, not steel or wood or plaster.)
dialog: 
text: All of them look round at the laser-hewn space.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: CARDUCCI
dialog: How the hell do they do this?
speaker_heading: CHAMBERLAIN
text: It’s pretty straightforward. Tractor-beams capture a suitably-
text: small asteroid and then Meta-Lasers form the structures from
dialog: the rock itself. It’s actually cheaper than building from
dialog: scratch.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
text: Cheaper until some crazy SOB takes it on an unscheduled trip.
text: Stacked everywhere are crates and unopened boxes. Chamberlain
text: reads the stencil-stamp on a crate.
speaker_heading: CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: WZ-474's? They should have been wired in months ago. All this
dialog: stuff... (glancing round) He’s done nothing he’s supposed to.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Then what has he been doing?
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: (looking at the dank rock)
dialog: Letting this place go to hell.
text: A door opens and Corinne walks over to them. She takes in the
text: military and then addresses Edwards.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Soldiers? Were you expecting armed resistance?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Lady, when you maintain radio silence for a full six months, I
dialog: don’t know what to expect.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: I’m sure we can clear up any misunderstandings. I’m Corinne
dialog: Cotton, Administrator of the Minos.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Former administrator of the Minos. I’m Edwards, your
dialog: successor.
text: Corrinne opens her mouth to speak. Edwards raises a peremptory
text: hand to silence her.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Here’s what I know. The Minos is Merchant’s baby. Six months
dialog: ago, he was ordered to hand it back to the government. He sent
dialog: the whole crew home except for you and him. And then he took
text: the whole goddam station out of orbit and headed into deep
dialog: space. We’re taking it back and we’re installing Dr
dialog: Chamberlain here as his replacement. It’s going to be calm.
dialog: It’s going to be cool. It’s going to be clean. (beat. To
dialog: Carducci) Fan ‘em out, Dooch.
text: The Soldiers move out at a trot into the Station.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Wait! This isn’t necessary. We...
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: The only reason you’re not under arrest is because my
dialog: bleeding-heart self doesn’t want to screw up your pension.
dialog: From this moment until you’re back on Earth, you do two
dialog: things: answer my questions and follow my orders. Got it?
text: Corinne nods, staring distressed at the disappearing soldiers.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE-CONTROL, UTILITIES COMPLEX, MINOS
dialog: 
text: Paul, hunched over the console, punches in co-ordinates and
text: watches the minute movements of the satellites on the
text: monitors. Two or three of the monitors show a graphic OVERLAY
text: with the word LOCKED flashing. Paul’s still working on the
dialog: others.
text: Suddenly, there’s a CREAK behind him. Paul spins round...
text: to find himself staring directly into a gun-barrel!
text: Roscoe’s holding the gun.
speaker_heading: ROSCOE
dialog: Dr Merchant? Consider yourself relieved.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, MINOS DAY
text: Rimmer and Parker walk along an opressive, dimly-lit corridor
text: They reach the door to Paul’s cabinand the Holding Pen Annexe.
text: Rimmer tries the handle. Locked. She looks questioningly at
text: Parker. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Investigate all areas. That’s what they said.
text: Rimmer leans back and delivers a shoulder-slam to the door. It
text: opens.
speaker_heading: RIMMER
dialog: So let’s investigate.
text: She leads the way in.
scene_heading: INT. LOCK-UP, MINOS
text: Paul’s face stares out from behind bars at Edwards and
dialog: Carducci.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You don’t know what you’re doing.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Actually, we do. We’re keeping you out of the goddam way while
dialog: we find out what the hell you’ve been doing here.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No! You don’t understand! It’s dangerous!
speaker_heading: CARDUCCI
dialog: Dangerous how?
text: Paul looks from one to the other. Can he tell them? Would they
dialog: believe him? He has to chance it
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: There are demons on the ship.
text: Carducci bursts into LAUGHTER.
speaker_heading: CARDUCCI
dialog: (to Edwards)
dialog: Well, that solves that mystery. What went wrong on the Minos?
dialog: Dr Merchant went out of his fucking mind.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CABIN/HOLDING PEN ANNEXE, MINOS
dialog: 
text: Parker and Rimmer make their way down through the cabin to the
text: annexe. Parker gestures to the pen-monitor
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: What’s this hooked up to?
text: Rimmer looks down the stairway to the reinforced door, then
text: back at the monitor.
speaker_heading: RIMMER
dialog: Whatever’s in there, I guess.
text: The monitor, sensing movement, clicks on. While Rimmer makes
text: her way down the staircase, Parker looks at the monitor. The
text: image it shows is of the completely empty holding pen. Then a
text: BLUE LIGHT pulses briefly over the screen. Parker’s eyes fix
text: on the screen. Another BLUE PULSE. And another. His eyes blink
text: and focus... and suddenly his face moves into horrified rage.
text: ON THE MONITOT: The holding pen is full of CHILDREN,
text: frightened, hungry, and chained to the walls!
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: My God!
text: Fuelled by outrage, he hurtles down the stairs, levelling his
text: weapon at the reinforced door
text: BLASTS of ENERGY smash into the huge door and BLOW IT APART!
text: Rimmer, much nearer the door and nearly caught in the blast,
text: throws herself aside.
speaker_heading: RIMMER
dialog: Parker, what the fuck are you doing?!
text: Parker rushes past her through the smoking ruin of the door...
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING PEN, MINOS CONT.
text: ... and into the holding pen. At first, al he can see is
text: shadows and light.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Where are the children?
text: Rimmer appears in the wrecked doorway.
speaker_heading: RIMMER
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Parker suddenly points to the floor.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: What the hell’s this?
text: Both register the SHATTERED METAL FRAGMENTS of the robot
text: littering the floor around the Box.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: (of f )
text: The remnants of a most unsatisfying victim.
text: Parker and Rimmer start in shock as Pinhead emerges from the
text: shadows. Movements from all around add to the terror as the
text: other Cenobites shuffle in the darkness.
speaker_heading: PARKER/RIMMER
dialog: (simultaneous/ad-1ib)
dialog: Oh my God... What the fuck... Sweet suffering Christ... (etc)
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Still - you’re here to change all that, aren’t you?
text: A brief, imperious gesture of the demon’s head...
text: and a METALLIC FRAGMENT, jaggedly pointed like a badly-
text: made Shuriken, suddenly rises up from the wrecked robot
text: spinning fast and furiously as if by magic...
text: and then HURTLES ACROSS THE ROOM! Before he can even
text: react, it slams into Parker - SLICING HIS FACE OFF!!
text: He falls to the ground...
text: and Rimmer has the sense to turn tail and run...
text: ... but she trips on the jagged edge of the blasted door and
text: falls to the ground. She swings herself round and half-sits up
text: - just in time to see the Chatter-Beast launch itself from the
text: darkness and land on her, its terrible jaws slashing,
dialog: snapping, and slavering!
scene_heading: TIME-CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CABIN/HOLDING PEN ANNEXE, MINOS
dialog: 
text: We are in the living quarters end of Paul’s cabin. And so are
text: Pinhead, the Beast and the Cenobites.
dialog: This is our first clear look at the other two Cenobites: One
text: is brand-new, A SIAMESE-TWIN CENOBITE joined at the side of
text: the head and at the lower chest and the hips.
text: The other is Angelique. Though her face and figure are still
dialog: beautiful, she has been “Cenobitised”: Like all Cenobites, she
text: is bald and blue-skinned and her individuality has given way
text: to the leather-and-mutilation uniform of Pinhead’s troops.
text: She looks at the living quarters, at Paul’s deliberate 18‘
text: century look. We see her recognise the style - and the
dialog: bloodline’s taste.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Toymaker...
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: No time for games. Merchant has a plan. He mustn’t exercise
dialog: it. Kill them all.
text: Pinhead, the Beast, and the Siamese-Twin move out through the
text: room to the corridor. Angelique lingers a moment, taking in
text: these reminders of her past - the furnishings, the pictures
text: the automata. Her hands trail over an object or two, her eyes,
text: beneath their Cenobite coldness, helplessly nostalgic.
scene_heading: INT. LOCK-UP, MINOS
text: Edwards and Carducci are talking while Paul observes them from
text: behind bars.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: CARDUCCI
dialog: How much clearer can I be? Parker and Rimmer haven’t radioed
text: in. They’re missing.
text: Paul closes his eyes in dread.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where did you send them?
text: They ignore him.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (louder )
dialog: Where did you send them?!
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Quiet!
speaker_heading: CARDUCCI
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: Your work-area.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They’re dead. And if you don’t let me out to finish my work,
dialog: we’re all dead.
text: Carducci looks to Edwards. He nods back to Paul.
speaker_heading: CARDUCCI
dialog: That’s your call. I’m going to notify Roscoe and Chamberlain
dialog: to proceed with caution.
text: Carducci exits. Edwards crosses to talk to Paul directly.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Whatever’s going on - if anything’s going on - how the hell do
dialog: I know you’re not responsible?
text: Paul sighs. Frustrated. And guilty. He is responsible.
scene_heading: INT. LOW-LEVEL CORRIDOR, MINOS
text: Roscoe patrols a low-level service corridor. Dank rock. Wet
text: floor. Dismal lighting. It’s a creepy atmosphere. Shadows fool
text: us. We keep waiting for something to leap out at Roscoe... but
dialog: nothing does. Yet.
text: Ahead of her is an entrance door. Hefting her weapon, she goes
dialog: in...
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK, MINOS
text: : and enters the Flight Deck. This is more brightly-lit than
text: the corridor but its emptiness is still creepy. Roscoe is very
text: much on guard and walks through cautiously, rifle cocked.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE CONTROL/UTILITIES COMPLEX, MINOS
dialog: 
text: This is the room where Corinne and Paul worked on the
text: satellite alignments. We now see more of the room. It’s the
text: electronic heart of the Minos - a large space full of humming
text: data banks and pulsing generators. Wires, conduits, and fibre-
text: optic cables run everywhere from machine to machine.
text: Chamberlain is at a large Systems-Analysis Monitor, on which
text: blueprint-like diagrams of the Minos flash across the screen.
speaker_heading: CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: He’s done nothing. Nothing...
text: In the distance beyond him, unseen by him, a FIGURE moves
text: eerily between the “doorway formed by two generators!
text: Chamberlain keeps scrolling through the data base.
speaker_heading: CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: And what the hell are these satellites?
text: Suddenly, a SOUND from somewhere behind him. Chamberlain jumps
text: in shock and swings round.
speaker_heading: CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Hello?
text: Nothing. Cocking his head, Chamberlain moves out into the
text: room. He begins to walk through the machinery. Because of the
text: stacking and positioning of the banks and the generators, the
text: place has a maze-like feel of many intersecting small
text: walkways.
text: Chamberlain makes his way down the walkways. An eerie
text: atmosphere descends. There are SOUNDS and FLEETING SHADOWS
dialog: everywhere in this place. Is something in here with him? He
text: begins to look over his shoulder often. His tread becomes
text: quiet and cautious.
text: He turns a corner. At the end of the walkway, a vaguely human-
text: shaped shadow. Very slowly, he moves toward it...
text: to find nothing but a pile of boxes, stacked unevenly in
text: such a way that they cast a misleading shadow.
text: Chamberlain exhales in relief.
speaker_heading: CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: Shit...
text: He turns back into the walkway he left - and is suddenly face
dialog: to faces with the Siamese-Twin, Cenobite!
speaker_heading: CHAMBERLAIN
dialog: What the... ?!
text: The creature suddenly and instantly SPLITS IN Two, its two
text: selves springing apart and one of them sweeping past
dialog: Chamberlain!
text: Chamberlain stands between the Twins, terror on his face.
text: The Twins speak, alternating words as if they are still one.
speaker_heading: TWIN 1/TWIN 2
dialog: I cannot bear to be apart from my brother
text: They raise their arms and walk toward each other...
text: and RE-MERGE, their flesh stretching eagerly toward each
text: other’s, crushing and assimilating the SCREAMING Chamberlain
dialog: between themselves/itself!
text: The Twins are Siamese again. There’s nothing left of
dialog: Chamberlain.
scene_heading: INT. LOCK-UP, MINOS
text: Corinne stands as close to Paul as the bars allow. Edwards is
text: some distance away.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It’s what my family has lived for for two centuries. It’s my
dialog: destiny. My duty. To free the world from the demons my
text: bloodline unleashed.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: By building a space station?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: By building a trap. And destroying them forever. But the
text: satellites aren’t ready. The Elysium Configuration can’t be
dialog: triggered. What I built as a trap has become a nest.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Why didn’t you tell me sooner?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Like I didn’t seem crazy enough? Nobody need ever have known.
dialog: This was meant to be a one-man operation once everything was
dialog: ready. Now people are dying. I wish you hadn’t stayed.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: I wanted to stay.
text: Paul looks at Corinne as if that had never occurred to him.
text: Her eyes are saying something they’ve probably been saying for
dialog: months but he was too driven to notice. She likes him. A lot
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You’ve got to get off now. Get to a shuttle.
text: Corinne shakes her head.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Wwe’ve got to get you out of here.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL’S CABIN/HOLDING-PEN ANNEXE, MINOS
dialog: 
text: Carducci is at the bottom of the staircase, staring in horror
text: at what’s left of Parker and Rimmer.
text: He flicks open a tiny intercom.
speaker_heading: CARDUCCI
dialog: Roscoe? Where are you?
speaker_heading: ROSCOE
dialog: (on intercom)
dialog: Flight deck.
speaker_heading: CARDUCCI
dialog: Can’t raise Chamberlain. Don’t know what the fuck’s going on.
dialog: But shoot first. You copy?
speaker_heading: ROSCOE
dialog: Check.
text: Carducci pockets the intercom and makes his way up the stairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The living quarters part of the room. We hear the sound of
text: Carducci climbing the stairs - as does the Angelique Cenobite
text: who is still in the room.
text: She crosses to closet. Its door is a full-length mirror. She
text: swings it open. The inside door is also fully-mirrored. She
text: pauses for a moment to look at her reflection on the inner
dialog: door.
text: The reflection is of her former-self, in all its human beauty.
text: The Angelique Cenobite STEPS THROUGH THE MIRROR - coming out
dialog: the other side as her “human” self!
text: ANGLE ON Carducci as he reaches the top of the stairs and
text: moves into the cabin...
text: to see Angelique sitting on the bed, a look of terror on
text: her face.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Help me. Please help me...
text: Carducci scans the room quickly, on guard.
speaker_heading: CARDUCCI
dialog: What’s happened? Are they here?
text: Angelique stands up. Carducci crosses to her. Doing a perfect
text: imitation of a pre-feminist damsel-in-distress, Angelique
text: throws her arms round this big strong man and presses her poor
text: helpless self to him for protection. They are standing in
text: front of the still-open mirror-door.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: No. Not now. But they’re everywhere. I’m so afraid...
dialog: Carducci can’t help it. He’s a professional. But there’s a
text: beautiful woman pressing herself to him. He relaxes his body
text: and puts his arms round her...
speaker_heading: CARDUCCI
dialog: Hey, it’s okay. Everything’s okay.
text: and Angelique suddenly pulls them both backwards. She
text: slips from his arms but keeps tight hold of one of his hands
text: and steps back through the mirror, emerging on the other side
dialog: as her Cenobite self!
text: Carducci is halfway through the mirror. It seems while she has
text: hold of his hand, he too can pass magically through as if the
dialog: mirror were liquid...
text: Unfortunately, she lets go.
text: And Carducci is suddenly SCREAMING IN AGONY. The mirror is
text: once-again-solid - and he’s on either side of it!
text: Angelique swings the mirror shut - and one half of the
text: perfectly-bisected Carducci slides smoothly and bloodily down
text: the mirrored glass.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK, MINOS
text: Roscoe is still moving through the flight deck. She’s alone...
text: until a door at the far end opens and Pinhead walks in.
text: Roscoe’s jaw drops. But training tells. She assumes a firing
text: position and shouts a warning.
speaker_heading: ROSCOE
dialog: What the fuck planet are you from? Hold it! Right now!
text: Pinhead doesn’t stop. Nor does he speed up. He just keeps
text: walking. Confident. Inexorable.
speaker_heading: ROSCOE
dialog: Had your chance.
text: She pulls her trigger. An ENERGY BLAST slams into Pinhead...
text: and does nothing. Doesn’t even make him break his stride.
dialog: Nor does the second.
speaker_heading: ROSCOE
dialog: Mother of Christ...
text: Roscoe stares at the Demon. She’s a huge powerful woman, so
text: she’s not exactly afraid. But she’s not exactly stupid either
dialog: and staying here would plainly be the act of an idiot...
text: She turns and runs, slamming through a door...
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT-DECK CORRIDOR, MINOS (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: into the corridor. Still running, she scans the area for
text: somewhere to hide. Her eyes go up to the ceiling...
text: and a grill to an air-duct. It is too high to reach but a
text: utility pipe runs parallel a vital few inches lower.
text: Roscoe leaps, catches the pipe with both hands, swings herself
text: up, and kicks the grill clear, throwing her body in after it.
scene_heading: INT. AIR-DUCT, MINOS (CONT. )
text: Roscoe grabs at the grill, shoves it back into place, and
text: presses her body back into shadow while leaning her head just
text: enough to see through the cross-hatched metal of the grill.
text: ROSCOE’S POV DOWN THROUGH GRILL: Nothing. Nothing. Nothing...
text: and then Pinhead walks into view.
text: Roscoe holds her breath.
text: Pinhead keeps walking. Not looking up. He’s nearly past the
text: grill... And then he stops.
text: Pinhead’s head tilts up a little, as if sensing something...
text: and the he moves on out of view.
text: Roscoe breathes gain.
speaker_heading: ROSCOE
dialog: (mouthing it)
dialog: Alright...
text: She waits a second to be sure and turns in the air-duct...
text: to see the Chatter-Beast twenty yards from her
speaker_heading: ROSCOE
dialog: Oh fuck!!
text: She doesn’t even have time to bring her rifle round in the
text: cramped space. The Beast comes rushing along the duct. In two
text: seconds, it’s there, its awful mouth opening wide...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOCK-UP, MINOS
text: Corinne is over with Edwards. Paul is still in the cell.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Give me a break.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: I’m completely serious. He has to be let out. He’s the only
dialog: chance we have. I’ve seen them.
text: Edwards stares at her. The seriousness of her tone almost
text: holds his disbelief at bay. Then rationalism reasserts itself.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Let him out? I should put you in there with him! People might
dialog: be dying out there!
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: That wouldn’t have happened if the government had left him
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Well, excuse me. Obviously, it’s our fault.
text: Corinne sighs. Enough argument.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: we’re letting him out.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: We're not doing anything. I’m the administrator and I...
text: Corinne half-turns, as if she can’t listen anymore - and then
text: swings back and DECKS Edwards with a powerful right hook
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Former administrator. I’m your successor
text: She moves to the desk and hits some buttons. The barred door
text: of Paul’s cell flies open. Paul rushes over to her as Edwards
text: rises groggily to his feet.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don’t know how far things have gone. You’11 have to help me.
dialog: (looks to Edwards) Both of you.
scene_heading: TIME-CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, MINOS
text: Paul, Corinne, and Edwards run along a corridor. They reach a
text: three-way crossroads and stop.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You both know what to do. You both know where to go.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: This is insane!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes, it is. Accept that if you want to come trough this. You
dialog: seem to be a man of reason. Don’t be.
text: Shaking his head, Edwards nevertheless takes off down one of
text: the corridors. Paul turns to Corinne.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You've been brave. Stay brave. Stay alive.
text: Corinne looks as if she wants to say something. She just nods
text: and turns to go.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Corinne?
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: My... My life was planned from the moment I was born. From
dialog: before I was born. I had no time for anything but the destiny
dialog: I was given. (cont.)
text: He pauses, looks deep in her eyes.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (cont.) I wish my life could’ve been different
text: A beat. They reach out... and touch each other’s hand briefly.
text: And then they’re away down different corridors.
scene_heading: INT. LOW-LEVEL CORRIDOR, MINOS
text: The Cenobites, Pinhead leading, move along in implacable
text: rhythym while the Dog-Beast scurries and slides, weaving
text: around and about the others.
text: As the monsters pass, the space behind them DARKENS as if they
text: are dragging endless night in their wake.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT-DECK, MINOS
text: Paul rushes in to the flight-deck and runs over to the master
text: console. His expert fingers fly over various keys and buttons.
text: Monitors show the exterior images of the satellites - three of
text: which still flash the LOCKED signal. He looks at the others
dialog: anxiously.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR CROSSROADS, MINOS
text: A set of double-doors is smashed open from the other side and
text: Pinhead stalks into an area where two corridors meet. His
text: monstrous troop flows in behind him. As before, BLACKNESS
text: follows them, all light vanishing as they pass.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
text: If Merchant is finally playing again, the stakes must be high.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
text: His gamble is trusting other players.
text: Pinhead looks down as the Chatter-Beast. He points an
text: imperious arm down one of the corridors.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Fetch!
text: The Beast takes off at incredible speed. Angelique and the
text: Siamese-Twin go after it. Pinhead goes the other way.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT-DECK, MINOS
text: Paul holds a slim black object in his hand. Some kind of
text: remote-control. He points it at various console-switches and
text: it glows red as if reading information from each one.
text: He looks overhead. Two angle-poises point down to where he’s
text: standing behind the console. He hits a button and they both
text: shine a combining light on him.
text: He looks back at the monitors. All the satellites are not yet
text: locked. He looks into the room as if awaiting the inevitable
text: arrival of his enemy.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING PEN ANNEXE, MINOS
text: Edwards walks into the annexe. He stares in shock at the
text: blasted reinforced-door and the bloodstains and bones that are
text: all that remains of Rimmer and walks through...
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING PEN, MINOS
text: into the Pen. Suppressing a shudder at the CORPSE of
text: Parker, he scans the area...
text: and sees the Box. He picks it up, turns to leave...
text: and sees Angelique in the blasted doorway!
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Oh no...
text: Angelique walks into the Pen - and the Siamese-Twin follows.
text: Edwards looks from them down to the Box in his hand.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: He... he told me what to do.
text: Angelique’s face creases in contemplation as she looks at the
dialog: man. She thinks she’s got his number
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Please. Go ahead. If you think it will do any good.
text: Edwards runs his fingers listlessly over the Box. He presses
text: at it a few times as if looking for hidden buttons. Nothing.
text: His arms drop hopelessly and he starts to sob.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
text: It’s... a box. It’s just a box.
text: He lifts it and flings it half-heartedly at Angelique.
text: Her hand rises and catches it expertly.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Thank God for men of reason. (to the Siamese-Twin) Finish it.
text: She turns and walks away, not even watching as Edwards falls
text: to his knees sobbing in fear
text: The Siamese-Twin towers over him and SPLITS.
speaker_heading: TWIN 1/TWIN 2
dialog: I cannot bear to be apart from my brother...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT-DECK, MINOS
text: The only sounds in the flight-deck are the hum of the
text: mechanisms and the sound of Paul’s tense breathing.
text: And then there’s another sound...
text: The sound of demonic feet approaching.
text: Paul looks up from the console. Angelique has entered, holding
text: the Box. Their eyes lock, each recognising and acknowledging
dialog: their bizarre history.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Building bigger toys than ever
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The Minos is no toy. It’s...
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: I know what it is. Don’t use it. I saw your room. The past
dialog: means as much to you as it means to me. We can reclaim it.
dialog: Together.
text: Paul looks at her. For a second, the same magic that worked on
text: John works on him and he has a FLASH-IMAGE of her human self
text: in 18 century costume. Beautiful. Alluring.
text: He blinks it away. His face sets grimly.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not this time, Princess.
text: Disappointed rage crosses her face. Before she can answer,
text: they are no longer alone. Pinhead and the Siamese-Twin have
dialog: entered.
text: The DARKNESS comes with Pinhead and then changes into BLUE
text: LIGHT diffusing in from various angles as if the doors to Hell
text: are open. Simultaneously, HOWLING WINDS begin to roar through
text: the room, necessitating raised voices.
text: Pinhead looks at Paul standing behind the console in the light
text: from the two overhead angle-poises.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: How the centuries pass. I’ve thought often, down those long
dialog: days, of the pleasures we have prepared for you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Pleasures?
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: In a manner of speaking. Your ancestors have been there before
text: you. The Labyrinth still rings with the echoes of their agony
dialog: - Lullabyes for the Children of the Worm.
text: Paul looks at the monitors. Two more satellites are showing
text: the LOCKED signal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE-CONTOL, MINOS
text: Corinne feverishly types in co-ordinates and watches the
text: monitors click one by one into the LOCKED position.
text: Finally, the words ALL SATELLITES ALIGNED show on the master-
dialog: monitor.
text: Corinne sits back and lets out a long slow sigh.
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Alright girl. You passed the science exam. Now let’s see how
dialog: you do at track.
text: She exits the room...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, MINOS (CONT. )
text: and out into a corridor. And starts running. Fast.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT-DECK, MINOS
text: Paul’s eyes register the ALL SATELLITES ALIGNED signal. He
text: shows no relief or excitement. Good poker player.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: It’s over now. It ends with me.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: I think not. Your bloodline may end but the game goes on
dialog: forever. Four hundred years your family has played. A long
text: time? No. The blink of a suppurating eye to He Who Dwells In
dialog: The Deep.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The game may go on forever but you won’t be there to play it.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Fly us back to your world, toymaker. No end of games there.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I’m afraid I can’t do that.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: Want to play here? Well, you won’t be playing with this.
text: She holds out the Box. Pinhead smiles. Paul doesn’t.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Good. The woman?
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: A gift to our chattering friend. You know how fond he is of
dialog: female meat.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, MINOS
text: Corinne reaches a T-junction. She turns left into...
scene_heading: INT. LONG CORRIDOR, MINOS (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: the longest corridor we’ve seen yet. It stretches at least
text: a hundred yards on either side of the T-junction.
text: Just before renewing her run, Corinne looks down the other
text: stretch. A hundred yards of emptiness...
text: But not for long. Appearing suddenly at the far end comes the
text: Dog-Beast, careering towards her down the corridor
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: Oh my God...
text: Corinne wastes a precious second staring at it, her jaw open
text: in horrified shock. Then she turns and runs for her life.
text: And the Dog-beast runs for it too.
text: It’s nightmare-fast, seeming to gain thirty yards for every
text: ten that Corinne covers. Within a few seconds of the chase
text: stating, it’s almost halved the distance between them.
text: Not wanting to - and hardly able to afford to - Corinne
text: nevertheless can’t resist looking back over her shoulder
text: She registers how, as the creature passes, the walls behind it
text: become a nightmare of darkness and despair
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Run. Run! !
text: And she does. Panting, sweating, heart pounding, she runs.
text: The demon pursues her vigorously and tirelessly, gaining yard
text: by yard as it speeds furiously down the corridor
text: Gasping with exertion, Corrinne stares desperately ahead of
text: her at the door she’s heading to. It seems closer...
speaker_heading: CORRINNE
dialog: Come on! Come on!
text: She redoubles her effort...
text: and suddenly she trips, cartwheeling to the floor
text: As if sensing her sudden weakness, the monster behind her
text: HOWLS in infernal delight and streaks forward even faster
text: Corrinne scrambles to her feet, runs on, and suddenly she’s
text: there. She bursts through the door...
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY BAY/ESCAPE VEHICLE PAD, MINOS (CONT. )
dialog: 
text: and tumbles into the entry bay.
text: Immediately ahead of her a small single-person egg-shaped
text: ESCAPE POD sits on a pad beyond the open station-side door of
text: an airlock.
text: Corinne rushes to the pod, slams her hand on the release catch
text: of the door, ad clambers in.
speaker_heading: INSIDE POD -
text: It ain’t built for luxury; There’s a contoured body panel into
text: which Corinne stands, a control panel in front of her, a round
text: window and that’s it. On the control panel is a sticker marked
text: AIRLOCK REMOTE and beneath it two toggle switches, one marked
text: INTERNAL which is clicked to the OPEN position and one marked
text: EXTERNAL which is clicked to CLOSED.
text: Corinne flicks the INTERNAL to CLOSED.
scene_heading: IN THE ENTRY BAY -
text: The airlock behind the pod begins to close...
text: But simultaneously the doors to the bay burst open and the
text: Dog-Beast leaps into the room!
speaker_heading: INSIDE POD -
text: Corinne looks at the slowly-closing airlock door and at the
text: far from slow Monster rushing toward her
speaker_heading: CORINNE
dialog: No... No...
text: The door’s not going to close in time. She’s fucked. She
text: groans... and then thinks of something.
text: She slams forward the switch that says BRAKE and then hits the
dialog: one that says IGNITION...
scene_heading: IN THE ENTRY BAY -
text: A massive THRUST OF JET-PROPELLED FLAME slams out of the back
text: of the stationary pod, blasting the Beast back across the
dialog: room!
text: The jet-flame is cut in time to allow the airlock door to
text: close without being melted.
scene_heading: IN THE AIRLOCK -
text: The outer airlock door slides open.
text: The ignition starts again...
scene_heading: EXT. MINOS, DEEP SPACE (CONT. )
text: A beat of stillness...
text: and then the egg-shaped Pod comes spinning wildly toward
text: camera. Corinne is safe.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT-DECK, MINOS
text: Paul isn’t. CLOSE on his face, stiff with tension.
dialog: PULL BACK to reveal why -
text: The viciously-barbed tips of several of Hell’s Hooked Chains
text: are hovering inches from his face and body, taut and swaying
text: like steel King Cobras waiting to strike!
text: A cruel smile illuminates Pinhead’s face as he stares at Paul.
text: Paul looks at another monitor providing entry-bay date. The
text: words POD-LAUNCH are flashing. He signs in relief - and then
text: looks up at Pinhead and Angelique.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: It didn’t get her. She’s free. She’s safe.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: Let’s see how much of a comfort that is to you when the
dialog: Maggots are eating your eyes. From the inside.
text: Paul’s eyes suddenly become fixed and cold. Like gunfighters
text: in a spaghetti western, Paul and Pinhead stare at each other
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let’s play.
text: His fingers dive at the buttons...
text: but Pinhead’s so much faster - and the hooked chains jet
text: forward viciously to pierce Paul’s body and face...
text: and Paul just WINKS OUT of existence, disappearing down to
text: a white dot like a turned-off TV. Or a cancelled hologram.
speaker_heading: ANGELIQUE
dialog: What?
text: Paul steps out from another part of the room entirely. He has
text: the remote-control in his hand.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Hologram. All done with mirrors. Like this.
text: His finger hits a button on the remote... and we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MINOS, DEEP SPACE
text: The Minos floats against the star-studded blackness.
text: Suddenly, VAST BEAMS OF LIGHT burst from all six satellites!
text: Like Lemarchand’s design, like John’s miniature version, the
text: beams meet and EXPLODE into a HUGE CORUSCATING CAT’S CRADLE
text: completely encircling the Minos, dwarving even that vast
text: structure in an awesome and dazzling light-show.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT-DECK, MINOS
text: Pinhead, Angelique, and the Siamese-twin all stagger as if
text: suddenly weakened dreadfully. The Box falls to the ground from
text: Angelique’s slackened grasp.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: NOOOO! !!
text: He raises his hands as if to summon chains or other tools...
dialog: and nothing happens.
scene_heading: EXT. MINOS, DEEP SPACE
text: The show gets even bigger. As if reality can’t cope with the
text: massive Cat’s-Cradle, a HUGE STORM IN SPACE erupts around the
text: Minos, a maelstrom of roiling gases and impossible lightning.
text: The Cat’s-Cradle of light suddenly sends out a LIGHT BEAM into
text: the space behind it. The Beam smashes into a mass of bubbling
text: gaseous matter, WHITES-OUT briefly...
text: and is replaced by an area of intense blackness, a corona
text: og gaseous matter swirling about its edges, defining its
dialog: position.
text: The nebulous swirl seems to be disappearing constantly into
text: the unrelieved blackness of the centre. It is as if the Cat’s-
text: Cradle has sundered reality, has created an astronomical
text: anomaly. A place where matter disappears.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT-DECK, MINOS
text: Pinhead looks over at Paul, horror-struck
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: What have you done?! What is it?!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Endgame, demon.
text: Angelique screams.
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP SPACE
text: The Minos suddenly judders within the Cat’s-cradle and begins
text: to hurtle toward its furthest point - the swirling black
dialog: reality-warp!
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK, MINOS
text: Pinhead ROARS at Paul - and from his open mouth a CHAIN flies
text: toward Paul...
text: and hooks into his chest. Paul grunts in pain... But then
text: grasps the chain, yanks it, and pulls Pinhead toward him!
text: The two enemies grasp each others arms, wrestling and
text: fighting, somehow keeping their balance in the wildly-
text: careering deck when Angelique and the Siamese-Twin are knocked
text: helpless to the floor. Pinhead and Paul scream to be heard in
text: the cacophony.
speaker_heading: PINHEAD
dialog: In Hell, I’1l teach every one of your nerve-endings to scream
dialog: separately!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You still don’t get it? It’s over! Finally, irrevocably over!!
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP SPACE
text: The Minos is now careering toward the reality-warp at an
text: incredibly increased speed.
text: And suddenly, within the Cat’s-Cradle and almost within the
text: irresistible blackness, the Minos begins to break apart
dialog: unable to withstand the terrible pressures!
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK, MINOS
text: A SMASH-CUT to Paul and Pinhead as, all around them, the deck
text: disintegrates. A frozen second for Paul’s last line...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Welcome to Oblivion.
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP SPACE
text: and the, just as it disappears into the gaping maw of the
text: warp, Minos comes apart completely in a massive explosion!
scene_heading: THROUGH THE WARP/PSYCHEDELIC SPACE (BLUE SCREEN)
dialog: 
text: The MONTAGE BACKGROUND is a whirling insanity of images:
text: spiralling patterns; the birth of planets; exploding
text: supernovae; volcanic eruptions; the works.
text: Asteroid DEBRIS spins wildly in the foreground, piece after
text: piece being whirled away until finally we see the Box left
text: alone above the background - the perspectives of which all
dialog: sell the idea that it is constantly falling even though its
text: image size remains constant.
text: Slowly, the camera TRACKS IN on the Box until the black circle
text: that dominates one of its faces FILLS THE SCREEN.
dialog: And then, without quite realising when it changed, we realise
dialog: we are tracking OUT, not in...
text: moving through an EXTREME CLOSE UP of the Box and
dialog: continuing on out...
scene_heading: INT. LEMARCHAND’S WORKROOM NEARLY MIDNIGHT
dialog: 
text: : and we see the Box is resting on the hand of Phillip
dialog: Lemarchand in his workshop in 18" century France.
text: The door opens and Genevieve enters in her nightdress.
speaker_heading: GENEVIEVE
dialog: Is it done?
speaker_heading: LEMARCHAND
dialog: Done!
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK
speaker_heading: RUN CREDITS
dialog: 
