dialog: 
speaker_heading: HENRY FOOL
dialog: Written by
dialog: Hal Hartley
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. JUNK YARD -- DAY
text: A garbage truck roars by and...
text: Simon Grim hangs from the back of it. He is a shy, skinny
text: and terrified-looking guy around thirty years old.
text: The truck rumbles to a halt and Simon climbs down off it to
text: go punch out at the time clock.
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND THE WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: He comes walking up a small alley and sits to drink his beer.
text: He begins to relax. This is his quality private time.
text: Then he hears something and looks up.
text: He peeks up over the edge of some junked kitchen appliances
dialog: and sees...
text: Two teenage kids -- Warren and Amy -- smoking crack and having
dialog: sex.
text: Simon looks on, intrigued, as Warren smokes, then...
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (to Amy)
dialog: You want some?
text: Amy takes the pipe and smokes as he feels her up.
text: Simon is fascinated. He drinks and looks on as...
text: Amy grins up foolishly at Warren and lowers the pipe. The
text: boy undoes his belt and hikes up the girl's skirt.
text: Simon can't believe this. He looks around to see if the coast
text: is clear, then returns just in time to see...
text: Warren takes Amy by the waist and enter her.
text: The pipe falls from the young girl's hand.
text: Warren throws his head back and grinds himself into her.
text: Simon's mouth falls open in awe.
text: But Amy tosses her head back to the side and sees...
text: The amazed garbage man; caught.
text: Amy starts screaming insanely.
text: Simon runs for his life.
text: Amy and Warren throw rocks and bottles at him as they chase
text: him away.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Simon runs up and throws open the screen door. He stands
text: there in the doorway catching his breath.
text: His sister, Fay, is at the kitchen table watching a small
text: portable TV while their mother, Mary, sits a few feet away
text: in the living-room watching another TV tuned to a different
dialog: channel.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (to Simon)
dialog: Where the hell have you been?
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: Mom, come on and eat.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm not hungry.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Then why'd I cook!
text: Mary is a manic-depressive, still in her bathrobe at six in
text: the evening.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't know why you cooked! I don't
dialog: know why you bother!
text: Fay holds her head in her hands and sighs. She glares at her
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Sit down and eat, Simon.
text: Simon sits at the table and Fay slams down before him a bowl
text: of some sort of gruel. He hesitates, then lifts his spoon.
text: Supper is horrible and he screws up his face in disgust. Fay
text: gives him a sideways glance and he leans back down over the
text: bowl and eats some more.
text: Pushing the bowl away gently, he reaches out for the container
text: of milk on the table and drinks straight from it.
text: He suddenly jumps back and spits out sour milk all over the
text: table. The container drops to the floor and thick globs of
text: cheese roll out.
text: He stands back against the fridge, holding his stomach
dialog: while...
text: Fay and Mary look on in disgust.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Simon crosses the lawn and sits on the curb outside his house.
text: He stares at the ground before him as he holds his stomach
text: and spits, sickened.
text: He looks up, though, and sees...
text: A little seven-year-old girl -- Pearl age seven -- standing
text: there in the street watching him.
text: Simon tries to smile at her.
text: But she throws a rock at him and hits him in the head.
text: He falls forward, hurt, as the little girl runs away. Lowering
text: his hand, he sees he's bleeding. Desperate, lonely and ill,
text: he drags his bloodied fingers across the coarse pavement.
text: Fay slams out of the side door of the house in a tight-fitting
text: dress and stands on the lawn, applying lipstick.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: God, I wanna get fucked.
text: Fay snaps shut her compact, straightens her skirt and sighs.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: You OK?
text: Simon loses track of what he is hearing and relaxes. He looks
text: back at his sister.
text: Fay fluffs out her hair and walks off.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: See ya later.
text: Simon watches her go, but is still drawn to something he
text: seems to hear up the street in the other direction. He cocks
text: his head, sits perfectly still and listens.
text: He hears it now. We do, too. Footsteps. Big ones. Like a
text: giant somewhere in the distance. The neighborhood trembles.
text: Titles begin.
text: Simon tries to figure out where it's coming from; the sky,
text: the house, the highway at the end of his block... Finally,
text: he focuses on...
text: The blacktop right before him, smeared with his own blood.
text: Music starts.
text: He kneels out slowly into the street and stares at the
text: pavement. He stretches out his hand and places it flat on
text: the road. The pounding is louder now, becoming the beat of
text: the music over the scene.
text: Simon lowers his face to the pavement, closes his eyes and...
text: Puts his ear right down against the road. He hears...
text: The steady tread of somebody very much larger than life.
text: Kneeling forward, with his ear to the ground, Simon opens
text: his eyes and sees...
text: A man approaching. The music swells up full.
text: Simon lifts his head slowly from the road, looking off in
dialog: wonder at...
text: This stranger coming towards him; an oddly handsome freak
text: striding over the crest of the distant intersection with a
text: windswept mane, two over-stuffed suitcases and a crumpled
text: tie fluttering back over his broad but crooked shoulders.
text: Simon rises till he's kneeling up straight in the road.
text: Henry Fool finally reaches him and stops.
dialog: Titles finish.
text: Simon says nothing and watches as Henry looks off at the
dialog: house.
text: Satisfied, but wary, Henry Fool looks around the neighborhood
text: and then down at Simon.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Get up off your knees.
text: He tosses the suitcases down in front of Simon and walks off
text: towards his new home.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
text: Henry comes around behind the house and finds the door to
text: his basement apartment. He approaches. Simon follows, carrying
text: the suitcases.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: The door is wrenched open and Henry is hit square in the jaw
text: by a decade of dank airless gloom. He coughs.
text: Entering, he finds a few old wooden chairs littering the
text: main room. He inspects the old wood stove, then takes a chair
text: and smashes it. He tosses the wood in the stove.
text: Simon looks on, amazed. Henry lights a fire with unusually
text: quick results, then stands back and looks at Simon.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Where you gotta go to get a six-pack
dialog: of beer around here?
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: This is a convenience store with a number of tables at which
dialog: to eat donuts.
text: Warren is shoplifting while Amy terrorizes Gnoc Deng, the
text: Vietnamese cashier, who stares out at them from behind the
text: safety of the counter.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Say something.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (calling)
text: She's mute.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: She don't -- you know -- talk.
text: Amy looks back at Gnoc, snarls, then follows the cashier's
text: gaze to the door.
text: Simon enters. Clutching Henry's cash, he stops dead in his
text: tracks when he sees...
text: Warren and Amy.
text: He steps forward and approaches the beer cooler.
text: Warren and Amy hover around, just out of reach, like a couple
dialog: of vampires.
text: Dragging a six-pack out of the cooler, Simon crosses to the
text: counter. Warren and Amy hang back, silent and threatening.
text: Gnoc rings up the purchase and glances over at...
text: Amy, staring a hole into the side of Simon's skull.
text: Gnoc hands Simon back his change and he makes for the door,
dialog: but...
text: Warren shoves himself between it and Simon.
text: Simon freezes. Warren is expressionless. Simon looks back at
text: Amy. She turns away, reaches up under her skirt, jerks down
text: her panties, then leans forward on to the counter. Leering
text: back over her shoulder, she hisses...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Kiss my ass.
text: Simon is nonplussed.
text: Gnoc presses a button on the wall that sets...
text: A red light flashing above the stockroom door.
text: Warren grabs Simon by the neck and drags him over to Amy's
text: bare behind. Amy laughs as Simon is forced to his knees and
text: has his face shoved up right into the crack of her ass.
text: But then... Simon throws up all over her.
text: Warren falls back in disgust.
text: Gnoc covers her face with her hands.
text: Amy looks around at herself, realizes, and starts screaming
dialog: bloody murder.
text: Simon falls back on to the floor, clutching his stomach, as
text: Amy staggers around with her vomit-strewn underwear down
text: around her ankles.
text: Then Gnoc's father, Mr Deng, appears at the stockroom door
text: holding a shovel and ready to fight.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (scared)
dialog: Oh, shit!
text: Mr Deng comes running at them and Warren drags Amy from the
text: store. Simon crawls out of the way as the old man throws
text: open the door to the parking lot and screams at the retreating
dialog: delinquents...
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: (in Vietnamese)
dialog: Stay the hell out of my store, you
dialog: good-for-nothing punks!
text: Having scared them off, he comes back in and starts screaming
dialog: at Simon.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: Look at this! What's going on here?
dialog: Simon, get up off the floor! Is this
dialog: beer paid for?
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
dialog: Later.
text: Simon splashes water over his face at the kitchen sink, then
text: watches as Henry unpacks one of his suitcases. It is filled
text: with dozens of old, worn notebooks. Henry stacks them on the
text: mantelpiece over the fireplace; the fire is now crackling
text: and bright.
text: Simon steps over and looks at...
text: The name tag on the other suitcase: 'Henry Fool'.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (off-screen)
dialog: Centuries ago it had an 'e' at the
dialog: end.
text: Simon looks over and sees...
text: Henry's silhouette against the fire. He steps forward into
text: the light and grabs a beer from the six-pack on the floor.
text: He hands one to Simon.
text: Simon takes it and stares at it a moment before raising his
text: eyes to Henry.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Where do you come from?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Nowhere in particular.
text: He winks at Simon, then struts around the room, hugely
text: impressed with himself.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I go where I will and I do what I
dialog: must.
dialog: (stops, drinks)
dialog: That's why I'm in trouble. I'm sort've
dialog: what you might call... 'in exile'.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why are you in trouble?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: An honest man is always in trouble,
dialog: Simon. Remember that.
text: Simon comes away from the fire, watching him carefully. Henry
text: stands in a dim corner across the room.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: How do you know my name?
text: Henry pauses, looks aside, drinks, then grins demoniacally.
text: He steps forward and comes face to face with Simon. He lifts
text: his finger and points to...
text: Simon's name stitched upon the breast of his work shirt.
text: Realizing this, Simon moves off and thinks.
text: Henry throws more wood on the fire, glancing back over his
text: shoulder, laughing mischievously.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (stopping him)
dialog: I am not retarded.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Well... I'll take your word for that.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: People. I mean. They think. You know.
dialog: Because.
text: He tries to articulate what he thinks he feels but winds up
text: gesticulating curiously with his hands. This finally dissolves
text: into a dumb stare into empty space.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I see.
text: Simon looks at him. Henry stands and grabs a notebook from
text: off the mantelpiece. He tears out a few pages and shoves
text: them in his pocket. He hands the now fresh writing tablet to
dialog: Simon.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Here. Take this. And...
text: He searches his pockets and finds a pencil.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: ...this. Keep them with you at all
dialog: times. You ever feel like you got
dialog: something to say and you can't get
dialog: it out, stop and write it down. OK?
text: Simon hesitates, then accepts the gifts. Henry goes for
text: another beer while his new friend studies the dozens of
text: notebooks on the mantelpiece.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What are these?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (proudly, returning)
dialog: This? This is my life's work. My
dialog: memoirs. My 'Confession'.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: What have you done?
text: Henry drinks and looks down into the raging fire.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: I've been bad. Repeatedly.
dialog: (shrugs and steps
dialog: away)
dialog: But why brag? The details of my
dialog: exploits are only a pretext for a
dialog: far more expansive consideration of
dialog: general truths.
dialog: (contemplating the
dialog: notebooks)
dialog: What is this? It's a philosophy. A
dialog: poetics. A politics, if you will. A
text: literature of protest. A novel of
text: ideas. A pornographic magazine of
dialog: truly comic-book proportions. It is,
dialog: in the end, whatever the hell I want
dialog: it to be. And when I'm through with
dialog: it, it's gunna blow a hole this wide
dialog: straight through the world's own
dialog: idea of itself!
text: He smokes. Simon is impressed. They hear a bottle smash
text: outside in the street and Henry goes to the window. They're
text: throwing bottles at the house.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (throwing down his
dialog: cigarette)
dialog: Come on, let's go break their arms!
text: Simon jumps up.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No!
text: Henry stops. Simon looks away and sits back down.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: If I'm quiet.
text: He is ashamed of himself.
text: Henry sees this and settles down. He considers his new friend
text: with genuine care as he gets himself a new cigarette. He
text: lights up, thinks, then grabs another chair and sits close
text: by Simon. They sit there in silence a while, then...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Once. I forget where I was. Central
dialog: America maybe. Somewhere hot. Stupid
dialog: job. Bad pay. Dangerous location and
dialog: water so foul the natives wouldn't
dialog: even piss in it. This crowd of drunken
dialog: motherfuckers hired by the local
dialog: drug cartel shows up at my hotel
dialog: room and threatens to tear me limb
dialog: from limb. And I say, listen, hombres,
dialog: OK, you've got me outnumbered four
dialog: to one and you're gunna kill me here
dialog: tonight and not a soul in this dimly
dialog: lit world is ever gunna notice I'm
dialog: gone. Fine. But one of you... one of
dialog: you... one of you is gunna have his
text: eye torn out. Period. Silence. I
dialog: repeat myself. One of you poor,
dialog: underpaid jerks is gunna have an eye
text: ripped out of its socket. I promise.
dialog: It's a small thing, perhaps, all
dialog: things considered. But I will succeed.
dialog: Because it's the only thing I have
dialog: left to do in this world. So why
dialog: don't you just take a good look at
dialog: one another one last time and think
text: it over for a few minutes more.
dialog: (smokes, waits)
text: They sober up a little, look at their
text: shoes in confusion, then step out
text: into the hall to talk among
dialog: themselves.
text: Henry stares into the flames and falls silent. Simon is
text: riveted. He leans forward, on the edge of his seat...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (winking)
dialog: Well, here I am, still, after all.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE. UPSTAIRS -- NIGHT
dialog: Later that night.
text: Simon climbs the stairs and stops when he hears raunchy sex
text: from his sister's room. He stands outside her door and
dialog: listens.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (off)
dialog: Did you throw up all over some girl?
text: Simon looks up the hall and sees his mother in her room,
text: sitting on the edge of her bed, smoking. He approaches and
text: stands in her doorway.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: They were throwing bottles at the
dialog: house.
text: Simon says nothing. He looks down at his feet.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (gesturing to Fay's
dialog: room)
dialog: She's got some ex-con in there she
text: met at the bar. Tattoos all over
text: himself and a big red bloated nose.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Did you take your pills?
text: Now she says nothing. She smokes and looks away.
text: Simon steps into the bathroom and gets her medication. He
text: runs a glass of water and brings it in to her.
text: She swallows the pills and washes them back with water.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You want me to tell her to be quiet?
text: She looks away, unconcerned and cynical.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What's the use? She might as well
dialog: get it while she can. She's not always
dialog: gunna have the ass she has now, you
dialog: know. That's just how life is.
text: She throws the blanket over herself and turns off the light.
text: Simon stands there in the dark.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: Moments later.
text: Simon comes downstairs into the quiet, dark kitchen and sits
text: at the table. He listens to the traffic on the highway and
text: stares off into space. Finally, he takes the notebook Henry
text: gave him from his pocket and places it before him. But then
text: he just gazes off into the dim living-room and scratches his
text: head. Returning his attention to the notebook, he digs down
text: into his pocket and retrieves his short stub of pencil.
text: He opens the notebook and carefully flattens back the cover.
text: Lifting the pencil, he pauses and stares at the blank page.
text: Then, after more intense hesitation, he brings the pencil's
text: dull tip to the very top left edge of the page and begins
text: writing in a slow, laborious hand.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- DAY
text: The next morning.
text: Henry barges in the kitchen door with two containers of coffee
text: and some jelly donuts. Simon jumps up from where he sits
text: asleep over his notebook at the table.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Good morning, Simon! Glorious day,
dialog: huh? Here, have a donut. Can you
dialog: lend me twenty dollars?
text: Simon rubs the sleep from his eyes, blinks, disoriented and
text: reaches for his wallet.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Thanks. Where's the library in the
dialog: scruffy little burgh?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (handing him cash)
text: Down the highway about a mile and a
text: half and then make a left.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Excellent! I'm polishing up the final
dialog: chapters of my 'Confession' and I
dialog: need a reasonably well-stocked
dialog: reference section.
text: He lifts up Simon's notebook.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What's this?
text: Simon hesitates, shyly.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I thought. Um. I was. I wanted to.
dialog: Maybe.
text: He gives up, sighs and gazes at the floor. Henry flips through
text: the book, impressed. It is full from cover to cover, every
text: page dense with Simon's cryptic scrawl. Henry frowns,
dialog: intrigued. Then...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Can I take this?
text: Simon looks up, terrified. But his friend puts him at ease.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I'll correct the spelling.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNK YARD -- DAY
dialog: Later that day.
text: Simon finds a number of volumes of the classics while crushing
dialog: garbage.
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
dialog: That evening.
text: Simon sits with his evening beer and his new collection of
text: soiled classics. He cracks open a volume of Shakespeare and
text: tries to read. It's an obvious struggle. He puts it aside
text: and lifts up Wordsworth, studying its cover and the texture
text: of the pages. A page flutters away and he climbs down to the
text: edge of a greasy puddle to retrieve it. It's now wet and
text: torn, so he flattens it out on the concrete and tries to fit
text: it back into the book.
text: He reads a little, furrowing his brow, then drinks. He bites
text: his lip and tries again.
text: He sits back, exhausted and thinks. He hears a twig snap and
text: looks back over his shoulder to see...
text: Amy throws a bottle at his head.
text: Smash!!!! He falls to the ground, blood streaming down his
dialog: neck.
text: Warren runs over and grabs him by the shirt, lifting him out
text: of the puddle and smacking him in the head.
text: Amy runs forward and waits with a rolled-up newspaper which
text: she sets aflame with her lighter.
text: Warren punches Simon in the stomach and throws him to the
text: ground, then unzips his fly and pisses on him.
text: Amy watches, giggling excitedly, waving the flaming torch.
text: Simon crawls away and grabs hold of an old section of fence,
text: while Warren zips up and grabs the fire from Amy.
text: Simon pulls himself to his knees, rests his face against the
text: rusted fence and gasps for breath. Warren waves the flaming
text: torch in his face.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (weakly, unheard)
dialog: One of you is gunna lose an eye.
text: Amy comes nearer with a can of gasoline. Simon pulls himself
text: to his feet as she splashes him with fuel. Warren is waving
text: the torch deliriously above his head.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: One of you is gunna lose an eye!
text: Warren stops.
text: Amy steps back and lowers the gas can.
text: Simon turns with effort to face them, adjusts his glasses
dialog: and continues...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: One of you. I promise.
text: Warren watches him blankly, then is burned by the torch which
text: is too hot to handle. He drops it.
text: Amy giggles, then stops, excited, but confused.
text: Simon grips the rusted chainlink so that it cuts into his
text: hands and stares straight at Warren.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You can set me on fire. But one of
dialog: you is gunna have an eye torn out of
dialog: your head. I promise.
text: Warren is transfixed. He shivers and looks at Amy, who steps
text: back, scared, and puts down the gas can. She turns and walks
dialog: away.
text: Warren looks back at Simon, troubled.
text: He hangs there still, glaring at him.
text: Further away, Warren rejoins Amy and stares at his hands.
text: Amy looks ill.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Fuck.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Take me home.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Henry is at one of the tables, correcting the spelling in
text: Simon's notebook, when he looks up and sees...
text: Simon stumble in, beaten and bruised, dropping his classics
text: to the floor. Henry and Mr Deng rush over to him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (scared)
dialog: Simon! Who did this to you?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I was gunna tear out their eyes. I
dialog: knew I could do it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Whose eyes?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I told them. Like you said. I told
dialog: them. And I knew I could do it.
text: He passes out. Henry looks at Mr Deng.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: You should take him home. He smells
text: like a toilet.
text: Henry nods, agreeing, then lifts Simon off the floor. Mr
text: Deng holds the door open as Henry carries his friend out
text: into the parking lot.
text: Meanwhile, Gnoc gathers up the classics from the floor and
text: places them beside Simon's notebook, where it still sits
text: open on the table. She looks at it, then reads. She lifts it
text: off the table and reads further, immediately and deeply
text: engrossed.
text: Mr Deng watches as Henry departs with Simon, then comes back
text: into the store and stops, startled, when he sees...
text: Gnoc sitting there, staring off into space, the notebook
text: open in her hands before her, singing quietly.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
text: Twenty minutes later.
text: Fay is in the bathroom helping Simon out of his clothes,
text: trying to clean his wounds.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Shit, Mom, we gotta get him to a
dialog: hospital!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Oh, shut up! Turn around.
text: Henry is at the kitchen table with Mary. She watches him
text: suspiciously. He lets her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: This kinda thing has happened before.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (standing)
dialog: It won't happen again.
text: She watches him as he walks around the room, browsing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How do you know?
text: He stops and lifts a small framed photo of a soldier off the
dialog: piano.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: This your husband?
text: Violated somehow, she gets up and snatches it out of his
text: hands. She puts it in a drawer and cringes as Henry plays
text: one note on the piano.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Stop that.
text: He fixes her with a steady, knowing stare which causes her
text: to gather the collar of her bathrobe up around her neck. She
text: steps back, exposed, when there's a knock at the door. They
dialog: look over to see...
text: Mr Deng enter with the notebook.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: (nods to Mary, then)
dialog: Mr Fool, what is this?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It's poetry.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: Are you sure?
text: Henry comes over, takes the notebook from him and shoves it
text: in his pocket.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Of course I'm sure. I corrected the
dialog: spelling myself.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: It made my daughter sing.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah, well, you know -- that's what
dialog: poetry does.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
text: But she has never spoken in her life.
text: Meanwhile, back in the bathroom...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Owww!!!
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Keep still!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Let me do it!
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (fed up)
dialog: Fine! You do it, Simon! I don't care!
text: She storms out to the top of the stairs, cocks her hip and
text: whines...
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Mom! Simon's got a broken rib, his
text: shoulder's dislocated or something,
dialog: and he won't let me disinfect the
dialog: gash in his head!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Fay, just take him to the hospital,
dialog: will ya!
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (stamping her foot)
dialog: But he won't go!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Simon Grim, you go to the hospital
dialog: with Fay right now, do hear me!
text: Simon reaches out and slams the bathroom door.
text: Fay looks from the bathroom door down the stairs to Mary.
text: Mary, her nerves rattled, glances over at Mr Deng, who turns
text: and leaves the house.
text: Henry lights a fresh cigarette, loosens his tie and heads
text: upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE BATHROOM -- DAY
text: A moment later.
text: Henry throws open the door and enters. He steps over Simon,
text: who is on the floor, folded up against the toilet.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We gotta talk.
text: Henry sits on the edge of the bathtub and takes the notebook
text: from his pocket.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What the hell were you trying to do
dialog: when you wrote this thing?
text: Simon just looks at him, not certain what he means.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well, you know you wrote it in a
text: kind of iambic pentameter.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Iambic what?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Verse.
text: He scratches his chin and smokes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Look, in my opinion, this is pretty
dialog: powerful stuff. Though your spelling
dialog: is Neanderthal, and your reasoning a
dialog: little naive, your instincts are
dialog: profound. But the whole thing needs
dialog: to be given a more cohesive shape.
dialog: It can be expanded. Followed through.
dialog: Unified.
dialog: (smokes, then)
dialog: You see what I'm getting at?
text: Simon just stares at him, overwhelmed. Henry drops the
text: notebook on the floor and points at it with his cigarette.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Are you willing to commit yourself
dialog: to this? To really work on it? To
dialog: give it its due? In the face of
dialog: adversity and discouragement? To
dialog: rise to the challenge you yourself
dialog: have set?
text: Simon just blinks, looks away and wonders.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: And don't gimme that wonderstruck
dialog: 'I'm-only-a-humble-garbage-man'
dialog: bullshit, either.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: It hurts to breathe.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Of course it does.
text: Simon coughs and Henry leans back and smokes.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE UPSTAIRS -- NIGHT
text: An hour later.
text: Fay cringes outside Simon's room as Henry goes about setting
text: her brother's arm.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Like this?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah. No. OK?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Wait!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Don't move! Fuck. There.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Are you sure that's right?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yes. Now shut up and lie back.
text: Simon does.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Is this gunna hurt?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yes.
text: He pauses, then leans back.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You gunna be alright?
text: Simon nods and stares at the ceiling. Henry hands him a towel.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Here. Bite on this.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (spots blood on it)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (looking)
dialog: It's blood. From your head. Lie back.
dialog: Shove that in your mouth and hold on
dialog: to something.
text: Simon bites down on the towel and grips the edge of the bed
text: with his free hand. Henry sits on his legs and gently raises
text: the broken arm.
text: Outside the door, Fay bites her knuckles. Further down the
text: hall, Mary listens from her bedroom.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Okay. You ready?
text: Simon nods. Henry grabs hold of the arm, swallows and braces
text: himself. Simon waits, then Henry tugs the arm straight.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Aaagghhh!!!!!!!
text: Fay turns and runs down the stairs. Mary backs away into her
text: room and shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- NIGHT
dialog: Later that night.
text: Henry comes downstairs and stops, tired. Fay is sitting at
text: the table with a bottle of gin and two glasses. She has dolled
text: herself up a little and Henry likes what he sees. He looks
text: her over and she smiles. He sits. She pours. They drink.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: So, do you have, like, you know, a
dialog: girlfriend, Henry?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No.
text: They drink again in silence. He lights her cigarette and
text: they watch each other closely. Finally, Fay leans on the
text: table and twirls a strand of her hair between her fingers.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Do you find me attractive?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yes, I do.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I look young for my age, don't I?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: How old do you think I am?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You look young.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: How young?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don't know. Young.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: But how... I mean, do I look more
dialog: like twenty, or... you know, thirty?
text: He drinks and studies her. She presents her profile. Finally,
text: he leans back.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Thirty.
text: Fay jumps up, furious.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Listen, you geek, after a couple of
dialog: drinks plenty of people mistake me
dialog: for eighteen!
text: She grabs her bag and storms out of the house. Henry watches
text: her go, then chuckles deviously and splashes himself another
dialog: drink.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
dialog: Next morning.
text: A thirty-year-old cocktail waitress named Vicky walks up and
text: stops when she sees...
text: Warren, sitting back against the side of World of Donuts,
text: smoking a joint and thinking about his future.
text: She sighs and approaches.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Hey, Warren, are you a registered
dialog: voter?
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Bug off, Vicky!
text: Unruffled, she hands him a flyer.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'Saving America From Itself.' What
dialog: the fuck is this?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: It's everything you need to know
dialog: about the upcoming elections and
dialog: congressman Owen Feer and all the
dialog: really good things he wants to do
dialog: for our country.
text: He tokes deeply, then...
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Oh yeah, like what?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: He wants to win back this country
dialog: for us Americans, Warren, and restore
dialog: some kind of cultural-moral standard
dialog: to our way of life.
text: Warren looks over the flyer, then reconsiders Vicky.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: What time's your kid go off to school?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (carefully)
text: Nine o'clock.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: How about I come over and visit you
dialog: later?
text: Vicky sighs, troubled. She adjusts her waitress uniform and
text: looks mildly offended.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Well, I don't know, Warren. I mean...
text: Warren gets up, too.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Come on. I mean it. I'm trying to
dialog: change.
text: Vicky is hard-pressed. She wants to believe him, but knows
text: better. She thinks about it while...
text: Henry passes by and approaches the store.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Henry enters and takes Simon's notebook from his pocket. He
text: flips through a few pages and selects one in particular.
text: He tears it out of the book and tapes it up beside the
text: register so customers can read it. He winks at Gnoc. She
text: smiles shyly and makes him a coffee. He takes it and moves
text: off to a table just as...
text: Vicky enters. She starts accumulating groceries, placing
text: them on the counter one item at a time.
text: Henry settles down and watches as...
text: Vicky returns to the counter with a bottle of orange juice
text: and notices the poem. She reads, holding the orange juice
text: out to her side.
text: Gnoc starts to ring up the other purchases as her father
text: comes up behind her, busying himself with an inventory of
dialog: the cigarettes.
text: Vicky's lip starts to tremble as she reads, a horrified
text: expression clouding her face. Finally...
text: Smash!!!! She drops the bottle of orange juice and stands
text: back. Mr Deng and Gnoc jump back, alarmed.
text: Henry tilts his head and pays close attention.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (screaming at Mr Deng)
dialog: How dare you put something like this
dialog: up where anyone can see it!
text: Mr Deng looks from her to the poem and then over at Henry.
text: Henry urges the man to stand up for himself.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: (to Vicky)
dialog: It's poetry.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: It's pornography! The product of a
dialog: diseased mind! You oughta be ashamed
dialog: of yourself, Mr Deng!
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: It made Gnoc sing.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (pauses, confused)
dialog: It's disgusting! There oughta be a
dialog: law or something!
text: She grabs her things and leaves. Mr Deng holds his head and
text: looks over at Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (winking)
dialog: There's no accounting for taste, is
dialog: there, Mr Deng?
text: Mr Deng has no idea. He sits, worried, as Gnoc comes out
text: from behind the counter and begins mopping up the mess.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN - DAY
dialog: Later.
text: Henry is at the kitchen table with Simon, working on the
text: poem. Simon is bandaged up, his arm in a sling, black eyes,
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: See, Simon, there are three kinds of
text: there. There's 'There'. T-H-E-R-E.
dialog: There are the donuts. Then there's T-
text: H-E-I-R; which is the possessive. It
text: is their donut. Then, finally, there's
scene_heading: 'they're'. T-H-E-Y-'-R-E. A
dialog: contraction, meaning they are. They're
dialog: the donut people. Get it?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: Henry lifts up one of Simon's newly acquired classics...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: And look, if you're gunna read
dialog: Wordsworth you've gotta get a more
text: up-to-date edition. This odoriferous
dialog: tome you're so attached to doesn't
dialog: even have all fourteen books of the
dialog: Prelude. And you need notes.
dialog: Commentary. I'll go to the library
dialog: and find you the best edition they
dialog: have.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Thank you, but that's OK. I'll stop
dialog: there on my way back from work. Well,
dialog: yes, maybe not today, but, you know,
dialog: tomorrow, probably.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Quit.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: My job?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You need time to write, Simon. To
dialog: study. To reflect.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But I like my job.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We all have to make sacrifices. A
dialog: vocation like ours, Simon, is not a
dialog: nine to five thing. You can't put a
dialog: fence around a man's soul. We think
dialog: and feel where and when we can think
dialog: and feel. We are the servants of our
text: muse and we toil where she commands.
text: Simon looks past him and Henry follows his gaze to find...
text: Mary standing at the foot of the stairs, listening to them.
text: She says nothing. She looks Henry up and down, then shakes
text: her head disdainfully and grunts. She throws herself on the
text: couch and turns on the TV, casting acid glances over at the
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GRIM HOUSE - DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Henry and Simon come outside...
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: She's clinically depressed.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah, and what's that mean?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (thinking, then)
dialog: I guess it means it's not her fault.
text: Henry wanders out to the road, checking his wallet, then...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: You ever think of leaving?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: To go where?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Out there. You know, into the world.
dialog: Where ever.
text: Simon looks off, thinks it over and slowly nods.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yeah, I guess.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: 'Opportunity will step away and make
dialog: room for a man to pass it by.'
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Is that from your book?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No. I found it in a fortune cookie.
text: He pulls the tiny piece of crumpled advice out from one of
text: his pockets and shows it to Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Can I read your confession?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No. Not yet. Soon. We'll see.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Is it almost finished?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (puffing himself up)
dialog: Well, you know, Simon, a piece of
dialog: work like this, it's... A vocation
dialog: like ours... You can't put a fence
dialog: around a man's soul. What I'm trying
dialog: to achieve, it's... Well, it takes a
dialog: lifetime really. It's a life's work.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: But soon. Don't worry. I'd appreciate
dialog: your feedback. I gotta go. See ya.
text: He hurries away around the corner. Simon walks back to the
text: house and stops when he sees...
text: A plain-clothes policeman, Officer Buñuel, drive up and park
text: before the house.
text: Simon spies as the man gets out of his car and knocks on
text: Henry's door. He, of course, gets no answer.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- DAY
dialog: Later that day.
text: Simon works on his poem at the kitchen table while Fay flips
text: through a magazine and watches TV. Mary, lying on the couch
text: in her bathrobe, watches her own TV.
text: The cacophony is augmented by the rattling dishwasher and
text: the trucks rumbling by on the highway outside.
text: Mary looks over at her son, suspicious, and leans off the
dialog: couch.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What are you doing there, Simon?
text: He carefully finishes writing a word, then looks up and
dialog: pauses.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'm writing a poem.
text: Mary looks at Fay, who looks up from her magazine and
text: considers her brother. Then they break out laughing.
text: Simon looks on.
text: They laugh and laugh and laugh...
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
dialog: Later.
text: Simon is bent over his notebook, consulting a dictionary,
text: hard at work.
text: Amy and three kids are grouped around the register, reading
text: the page Henry taped up earlier. As they read, Amy glances
text: anxiously back at Simon.
text: They finish reading and stand back.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: So what? It ain't so great.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to Amy, of Simon)
dialog: That him?
text: Amy nods 'Yes', then leads them towards Simon.
text: Simon scribbles away.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (off)
dialog: Pardon me, Simon.
text: He looks up, sees her, panics and slides away on the seat.
text: Amy looks down and bites her lip, contrite. She sighs.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Uhm. Look, ah... I'm the editor of
dialog: the high school newspaper now and...
speaker_heading: PAT
text: One of the editors.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: One of the editors, and we...
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I... wanted to know if we could print
dialog: your poem in this month's issue.
text: Simon looks around at them all, threatened.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Because I think it's great.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I don't.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to Pat)
dialog: Who cares what you think?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You're a drag.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: A well-known drag.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (to Simon)
dialog: Please?
text: Simon fumbles with his pencil, ill at ease and self-conscious.
text: Then, to get rid of them, he nods his consent.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: That evening.
text: Fay comes downstairs in only a towel and wet hair. She
text: switches on the TV and looks for cigarettes. She finds Mary's
text: pills on the table and remembers to ask...
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Ma, you take your medication?
text: Mary is lying on the couch. She drags her eyes from the TV
text: and glances lazily at Fay, then back to the TV.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Guess so.
text: She sits at the kitchen table and lifts her magazine.
text: Henry shows up at the kitchen door with a pile of library
text: books. His eyes brighten when he sees...
text: Fay sitting there wearing only her towel. He knocks. She
text: looks back over her shoulder and sees him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Evening, Fay.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (disdainfully)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I've got these books for Simon.
text: She turns away.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Well, leave 'em there on the counter,
dialog: then.
text: He comes in and stacks the books near the sink. Fay pretends
text: to ignore him, but rakes her fingers through her wet hair
dialog: anyway, to show more shoulder.
text: This is not lost on Henry, who tarries and leans back against
text: the counter, salivating.
text: Fay flips through her magazine and Henry steps closer and
text: leans against the fridge.
text: She casts a bored glance in his direction, then returns her
text: attention to the TV. She senses him step aside and follows
text: his movements without turning. Suddenly his hand appears
text: from behind her and gently strokes her hair. She freezes,
text: waits, wonders...
text: He leans his face down beside her. She looks at him. He looks
text: at her, then down to...
text: Her bare legs crossed before her on the kitchen chair. His
text: hand moves down and slides itself deep in between her things.
text: Her mouth drops open.
text: He looks back up at her. He grins.
text: Fay jumps up and away, breathlessly clutching the towel around
dialog: herself.
text: Henry casts a glance over her body, throws his hair back out
text: of his face and shivers with lust.
text: Fay steps back and grabs hold of the staircase banister,
text: making an unconvincing gesture of injured pride.
text: Henry comes closer and she steps backwards up the stairs.
text: He stops, loosens his tie, holding her with his gaze.
text: She readjusts her towel, throws back her wet hair, sighs
text: defiantly, then sashays into her room, leaving the door ajar.
text: Henry waits there at the foot of the stairs, reaches down,
text: grabs his crotch and repositions his hard-on. He takes a
text: step up the stairs, then stops. He looks over to the couch
dialog: and sees...
text: Mary, lying there, sedately amazed.
text: He pauses, then grins.
text: Mary blinks and smiles sleepily.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Simon sits back from his writing and rubs his neck. Putting
text: down his pencil, he looks up and sees...
text: Warren enter the store and grab a beer from the cooler. Seeing
text: Simon, he waves and approaches.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Hey, Simon, you a registered voter?
text: Simon hesitates, but then nods uncertainly. Warren hands him
dialog: a flyer. This year when you go to the polls, I want you to
dialog: consider Congressman Owen Feer. He wants to restore America
dialog: to its position of unmatched wealth, power and opportunity;
dialog: to revitalize American civilization and lead the human race
dialog: to even greater levels of freedom, prosperity and security!
dialog: He's a good man.
text: He steps over to the register and pays for his beer. Mr Deng
text: glares at him, distrustfully. Warren stops on his way out
text: and snarls at the old man...
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Immigrant.
text: He leaves. Simon looks down and studies the flyer.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE. UPSTAIRS -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Fay lies across her bed in her towel, holding a pose and
text: glancing anxiously back at the door. Finally, losing her
text: patience, she gets up.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Where is he?
text: She opens the door and looks out into the hall.
text: He's not there.
text: She steps out into the hall and listens.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Henry?
text: Nothing. She comes to the top of the stairs and hears faint
text: activity from down below. She proceeds downstairs.
text: She sees no one in the kitchen, then looks in the living-
text: room and stops. She goes white, her mouth falling open in
dialog: horror.
text: Henry and Mary are screwing one another on the couch. Sloppy,
text: impassioned, brute sex.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Mommy!!!!!
text: They fall away from each other in terror and fatigue. Mary
text: clutches wildly at her bathrobe as Henry falls over the coffee
text: table, stumbles to his feet and pulls up his trousers.
text: Fay is crushed. She breaks out in tears and runs upstairs.
text: Henry catches his breath and starts after her, but stops,
text: uncertain and confused.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You bastard!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Get out!
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Simon is asleep with his head down on the table. He wakes
text: finally and sees...
text: Henry sitting across from him, gripping a beer and reading
text: the poem. He finishes, shuts the book and drinks.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Listen. I know a man. He's a big
dialog: shot in the publishing business.
dialog: Angus James. Smart, adventurous and
dialog: tons of integrity. When this thing
dialog: is ready, I'll recommend he reads
dialog: it. He'll respect my opinion.
text: Simon takes this in, then looks down at his hands and proceeds
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: A man was here today looking for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (alert)
dialog: What man?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don't know. He drove by the house
dialog: a few times.
text: Henry throws his eyes heavenward and pulls his hair. Jumping
text: to his feet, he paces maniacally.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why do they torment me like this?
dialog: Why? They're like a bunch of fucking
dialog: mosquitoes!
text: A customer a few tables away gets nervous and leaves.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What do they want from you?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: They want to suffocate me, Simon!
dialog: They wanna extinguish me like a flame!
text: Some kid named Tim, sitting at another table, turns around
dialog: and asks...
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: But why?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: They're afraid, that's why! They're
dialog: afraid of what I might do! What I
dialog: might say! Think! They're afraid of
dialog: my ideas!
text: He drinks, then returns and sits beside Simon.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You and I are alike in this way,
dialog: Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We're outsiders. We think and feel
dialog: too much and too deeply. And the
dialog: world can't handle that. Our mere
dialog: existence is a threat to its illusion
dialog: of security. Sure, they'll name a
dialog: wing of a new library after us when
dialog: we're dead! But now... Now, when
dialog: we're alive... Now, they wanna burn
dialog: us at the stake!
text: He drinks, burps, then slams down the can. He glances over
text: at Tim who is still looking on.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Scram.
text: Tim hesitates, but then obeys. He gets up and leaves. Henry
text: returns to Simon.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: For example, I made love to your
dialog: mother about half an hour ago and
dialog: now I'm beginning to think that maybe
dialog: it wasn't such a good idea.
text: Simon blinks. Henry adds...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I mean to say, I think Fay may be
dialog: jealous.
text: Simon is deeply confused. He looks ill. He stands and takes
text: a few steps away, staring at the floor.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don't want to think about this.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Bad move, Simon.
text: Simon stops and looks at him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (pointing at him)
dialog: A poet has got to be able to think
dialog: about anything.
text: Simon pauses, then comes closer to Henry and stops.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Am I really a poet?
text: Henry jumps up, strides around the store and speaks at the
text: top of his voice.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Of course you are! A great poet! But
dialog: you need experience. You need to do
dialog: something to be ashamed of every
dialog: once in a while, for cryin' out loud.
text: He walks to the door.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Come on! Let's go out! There's a den
dialog: of iniquity right across the street!
dialog: You got any money?
text: He strides out of the store.
text: Simon stands there, stunned and looks at Mr Deng as the old
text: man wipes off the table with a wet rag.
scene_heading: INT. THE INFERNO -- NIGHT
dialog: Later that night.
text: Henry is dancing wildly on the bar with two sloppy-drunk
text: topless dancers. The place is rocking and the crowd cheers
text: them on.
text: Simon sits perched on a stool, gripping the bar with white
text: knuckles and clutching a beer, looking on in terror as...
text: Henry starts stripping.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- NIGHT
dialog: Later that night.
text: Simon stumbles in and heads upstairs. But he stops, seeing...
text: Mary, sitting on the top step, smoking. She looks guilty and
text: tense. So does Simon.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: That man's a bad influence.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: On who?
text: She gets up and storms into her room.
scene_heading: INT. FAY'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Moments later.
text: Simon comes upstairs and stops outside his bedroom door when
dialog: he sees...
text: Fay, passed out drunk on her bed. Her clothes are half off
text: and her lipstick smeared. She still grips a bottle of tequila
text: in her hand.
text: Simon hesitates, but then goes in and removes her shoes. He
text: gets her out of her jacket and rolls her into the bed.
text: Her bare limbs have their effect on Simon and he finds himself
text: staring at her thigh.
text: He reaches out and almost caresses her leg where her hiked-
text: up skirt reveals the bottom of her behind. He catches himself,
text: snaps his hand away and covers Fay with a blanket.
text: He flees.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Moments later.
text: Simon is alone in the room with his bed.
text: The pale sheets beckon.
text: He is flushed. He blinks.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: Moments later.
text: He creeps down the stairs with an arm-load of books. Sitting
text: at the table, he wrenches a nearby lamp into a more useful
text: position and begins to read.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
text: The next morning.
text: Henry stumbles up the stoop carrying a laptop computer, its
text: various accessories and a couple of coffees.
text: He lets himself in and dumps the computer on the kitchen
dialog: counter.
text: Simon is asleep on the couch, still in his clothes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (shoving him)
dialog: Simon. Hey, Simon.
dialog: (Simon wakes)
dialog: Come on. I got ya some coffee.
text: Henry trudges back to the kitchen, where he whips out his
text: red pen and immediately begins to correct Simon's poem.
text: Simon rolls off the couch and makes his way to the table.
dialog: Seeing the computer...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It's a computer. You write on it.
text: He reaches into his pocket.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Here's the manual.
text: Simon looks over the computer and flips through the manual.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Where'd you get it?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I stole it. Now listen. Remember how
dialog: yesterday we discussed the relative
dialog: desirability of cadence in relation
dialog: to the readability of...
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (off)
dialog: Oh, shit! Not you again!
text: Fay is on the stairs, hungover and disgusted. Henry throws
text: up his hands and gets up to go.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Simon, I can't work under these
dialog: conditions.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Yeah! Get outta here, you freak!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Get a life!
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Eat shit and die, Henry!
text: Mary throws open her bedroom door.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Beast! Fiend! Rapist!
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Oh, shut up, Mom!
text: Fay stomps back upstairs. Mary slams her door shut. Simon
text: runs out after Henry.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Simon follows Henry out into the street and over towards
dialog: World Of Donuts...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Henry, wait up!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I am not a rapist!
text: But Henry stops short, seeing...
text: Officer Buñuel enter World of Donuts.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Shit. Come on, this way.
text: And he runs down the street in the opposite direction. Simon
text: hangs back, but then follows...
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: They scramble in and Henry is out of breath. He slumps down
text: into a pew.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Keep a look out. Tell me when he's
dialog: gone.
text: Simon does, but then...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Henry, what's going on? Who is that
dialog: guy? What's he want?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: He wants to help me! He wants to be
dialog: my friend.
text: He pats his pockets, looking for his smokes. Simon looks on,
text: baffled. He comes closer.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Help you with what?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Shhh!
text: He hears something, stands and moves further into the church.
text: Simon hesitates, but then follows. They hear someone crying.
text: Finally, in a pew off to one side in the shadows, they find...
text: A young priest named Father Hawkes. He's a wreck. He looks
text: up from his quiet sobbing and sees...
text: Henry and Simon standing there looking on with embarrassed
text: distaste. He lowers his head in shame. Henry moves closer
text: and sits beside the distraught priest.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What's wrong?
text: The priest sighs hopelessly.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: I doubt.
text: Henry leans back with a sigh and reaches for his cigarettes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: So, you're an honest man. Why beat
dialog: yourself up about it?
text: He offers a cigarette to the priest and he accepts.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: I don't know if there are grounds
dialog: for faith. Is my vocation relevant?
dialog: Does it make a difference?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: A difference in what?
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: The world. The way it is. Is this a
dialog: way to help relieve suffering?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Your vocation makes a difference.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: How can you be so sure?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Because vocation is the difference.
dialog: Only someone who really cares doubts.
dialog: Listen, father, as I was about to
dialog: tell my friend Simon here, I am,
dialog: without doubt, the biggest sinner
dialog: within a hundred miles of this parish.
dialog: But still, I've gotta stay up late
text: at night to outdo the unending parade
dialog: of mundane little atrocities I see
dialog: committed every day right out in the
text: open spaces of this loud and sunlit
dialog: culture we call home.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: You seem to me to be a sensitive and
dialog: generous man.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I like to think so. But the fact is
dialog: I appreciate depravity. Nevertheless,
dialog: I insist your vocation makes a
dialog: difference, because to hold out
dialog: anything other than a spiritual
dialog: yardstick to reality is to be jerking
text: off grandly into the abyss. Listen,
dialog: have you got any money? Let's go
dialog: have a drink.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Warren is stopping people on their way in and out of World
dialog: of Donuts.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Excuse me, miss, are you a registered
dialog: voter?
speaker_heading: MISS
dialog: Oh God, really I don't know.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Well, I'd like to give you some
dialog: information about Congressman Owen
dialog: Feer. This man is gunna make a big
dialog: difference in the lives of every
dialog: American in the years to come...
speaker_heading: MISS
dialog: Thanks, sure. I gotta go, thanks.
text: A man, Bill, steps up...
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Pardon me, sir...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Fuck off!
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Right.
text: Warren stands back and loosens his tie. He looks over at
text: Pearl age seven, who is sitting outside the store.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: What time's your mother get off work?
text: She doesn't respond. He shakes his head and approaches. He
text: sees Fay exit the store...
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Fay, are you a registered voter?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: Don't you dare talk that way to me!
dialog: And keep your hands off my brother.
dialog: Pearl, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: I'm watchin' her.
text: Fay figures it out and approaches.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: You and Vicky get back together?
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: I gotta regular job now and
dialog: everything.
text: She lifts a flyer and reads.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I saw this retard on TV this morning.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: He's gunna be the next president of
dialog: the United States of America, Fay.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Keep dreamin' Warren. The guy's a
dialog: Nazi.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: I like him!
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Gimme a light.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (lighting her cigarette)
dialog: He's a decent man. He takes
dialog: complicated issues and totally
dialog: simplifies them. And I appreciate
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: You still sell dope?
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: No. You know what the problem is
dialog: with this country, Fay? Me. I'm the
dialog: problem. We live in a culture of
dialog: poverty and crime, where the work
text: ethic is undermined and male
text: responsibility is made irrelevant.
text: She studies him a moment more, lost, then shakes her head
text: and helps the child off the car.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Come on, Pearl, let's go play at my
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: She gives you any trouble, Fay, you
dialog: just let me know.
scene_heading: INT. THE INFERNO -- DAY
text: An hour later.
text: Henry and Father Hawkes are drinking. Simon leans on the
text: bar, nodding off to sleep. After a while, Father Hawkes leans
dialog: back and...
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: Do you think human beings are innately
dialog: bad?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Worse than bad! Monstrous! But I
dialog: love that about them.
dialog: (banging on the bar)
dialog: Wake up, Simon!
text: Simon falls off his bar stool.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Warren straightens his tie and looks over to see...
text: Simon stagger up.
text: Warren shakes his head in dismay and approaches. Simon
text: steadies himself against the wall of the building.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Jesus Christ, Simon, you're letting
dialog: yourself go to hell! You read that
dialog: flyer I gave you?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Simon, wake up and smell the coffee,
dialog: huh! It's up to guys like you and me
dialog: to help create a better tomorrow!
text: Simon is lost.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: He staggers into World of Donuts and heads for the coffee
text: machine, but stops when he sees Buñuel talking to Mr Deng.
text: Buñuel looks over. Their eyes lock.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (to Vicky)
dialog: Why would I steal a computer from
dialog: the campaign office?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I'm not saying you did, I'm just
dialog: saying one was and since you do have
dialog: this criminal background...
text: Whack!!! He slaps her...
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Don't judge me!
text: Simon runs out of the store and limps away towards home as
text: Buñuel storms out in pursuit. Simon tries to run, but Buñuel
text: catches him easily.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: Look, I know you know him. People
dialog: have seen you around together.
text: Simon ceases to struggle, but shakes himself free and stands
text: looking down at his feet. Buñuel stands aside and watches
text: him a moment, then reaches in his jacket and brings out his
dialog: badge.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: I'm his parole officer.
text: Simon studies the badge and waits a little, before asking...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What did he do?
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: I'm not supposed to talk about that
dialog: stuff with people.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He's my. Friend.
text: Buñuel pauses, then puts away his badge and looks around the
text: parking lot.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: Mr Deng says you're some sort of a
dialog: poet, or something.
text: Simon doesn't corroborate this. He looks away and readjusts
text: his sling. Buñuel scratches his head, satisfied and prepares
dialog: to leave. But first...
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: You tell Henry to call me -- Officer
dialog: Buñuel -- pronto! Or they're gunna
text: chuck his ass straight back into
dialog: jail! Got it?
text: Simon shrugs.
text: Buñuel waits a moment, then steps away and gets back in his
text: car. Simon watches as the parole officer drives away and
dialog: passes...
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Vicky, look I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Don't you even come near me!
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- DAY
dialog: Later.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: What do you mean, you quit?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I quit my job.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Why!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: There are things I want to do.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Like what?
text: Simon thinks of trying to explain, but then decides not to.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: 'Opportunity will step out of the
dialog: way to let a man... pass it by.'
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Are you drunk?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Now you have to go out and get a
dialog: job!
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I am not gettin' a job!
dialog: (paces, then)
dialog: Who's gunna look after Mom!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I will.
text: Fay looks at the ceiling and sighs.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Pearl, go outside.
text: They wait as the child goes outside.
text: Mary listens, unseen, from her bedroom door.
text: Fay comes over and frowns at her brother. She's about to
text: lecture him, but he cuts her off.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: If you treat Mom like a sick person,
dialog: she's gunna stay like... you know, a
dialog: sick person.
text: Fay tries to control herself. She sighs tiredly and attempts
dialog: to reason with him...
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Simon, don't be retarded...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (banging the table)
dialog: I am not retarded!
text: Fay steps back, startled. Simon stands, but can't decide
text: which way to go. He sits back down.
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: I can see with my own eyes.
text: Mary turns away from her door and sits on her bed.
text: Fay leans over the stove, where a large pot of water is
text: beginning to boil.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Mom can't be left alone with no one
text: to keep an eye on her.
text: Simon is frustrated and lashes out.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Well, who's been keeping an eye on
dialog: her while you've been out getting
dialog: fucked by every OTB winner in town?
text: Fay's mouth falls open and she staggers back, hurt.
text: Simon regrets it already and stands to leave, scared. But
text: Fay grabs the pot off the stove and hurls it at him, splashing
text: boiling water all over his back.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Aggghhhh!!!
text: Outside, Pearl turns and looks back at the house.
text: Simon lies gasping on the floor of the kitchen. Fay falls
text: back against the stove, terrified and drops her head into
text: her hands.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE BATHROOM -- DAY
dialog: Later.
text: Fay is crouched on the floor, sobbing, while Simon lies in a
text: tub of cold water. Mary comes in with a pathetic little
text: freezer tray of ice cubes and dumps them into the tub.
text: She steps back into the hall and throws the ice tray down
text: the stairs. She glares back at Fay, who cries even louder as
text: Simon stares up at the ceiling.
text: Mary shakes her head and walks into her room, slamming the
text: door behind her.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (sniffling)
dialog: What happened to her, Simon? How did
dialog: she get this way? Will it happen to
dialog: me too? Huh? Why are we so fucked
dialog: up?
text: Simon has no answers. But he reaches out and touches his
text: sister's hand.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY -- DAY
text: Evening.
text: Simon comes limping in, all stiff because of his scalded
text: back. He's not familiar with the library, so he stands looking
text: around, trying to figure it out.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY STACKS -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: He wanders into an aisle, overwhelmed by all the books. Coming
text: to the far end of the aisle, he looks off to his left and
text: sees Henry sitting on a small stool, reading, with ten or
text: twenty open volumes scattered around him on the floor.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: Henry?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (looking up and rising)
dialog: Simon! What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Henry... Your parole officer, Officer
dialog: Buñuel, came by again today.
text: Henry sighs and sits back down.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He told me to tell you that if you
dialog: don't call him they're gunna put you
text: back in jail.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Simon...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He gave me this number...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Simon...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He was talking to Mr Deng too, and,
dialog: well, you know, I was thinking...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Simon, just shut the fuck up!
text: Simon blinks and looks down at his feet, unable to respond.
text: Deeply hurt, he simply turns to walk away. But Henry reaches
text: out and grabs his arm. Simon stops, pauses and looks back at
dialog: his friend.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Forgive me.
text: He lets go and turns away on his stool.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Forgive me, Simon.
text: Simon comes back over to him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Call him, Henry. Please.
text: Henry gives in slowly to the inevitable. He sighs deeply and
text: stands, handing Simon a book...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: OK. Look, do me a favor. You got a
dialog: library card?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Check this out for me.
text: Simon looks at the cover: Paradise Lost.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Milton. Seventeenth century. English.
dialog: You see, Simon, it's important my
dialog: 'Confession' dig up the past, comb
dialog: previous evidence and help chart the
dialog: historic -- even the aesthetic --
dialog: inevitability of my ideas. And...
text: A young woman passes by, scanning the stacks. She and Henry
text: have a split second of eye contact, then she turns and moves
text: away. Henry straightens his tie and watches her go.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: This place is crawling with chicks,
text: Simon. Wander around. Leer a little.
dialog: Cop a feel. Impose yourself on 'em.
dialog: See what happens.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I make girls uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Bullshit! You've got a rough hewn
dialog: charm that sets 'em on edge. Now,
dialog: listen, I gotta go.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Henry?
text: Henry stops and turns. Simon pauses, then...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What did you do?
text: Henry watches him for a moment, then swaggers closer...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I got caught.
text: Simon waits for more but is disappointed. With one final
text: cracked grin at his friend, Henry throws back his shoulders,
text: slicks back his hair and strides off. Simon watches him go
text: and frowns, not comforted. He flips through the pages of
dialog: Paradise Lost.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: 'Whereto with speedy words the arch-
dialog: fiend replied Fallen Cherub, to be
dialog: weak is miserable...'
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY READING ROOM -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: He comes out from the stacks, working his way through the
text: first page of Paradise Lost. He nearly bumps into a girl and
text: they stop and look at one another. He tries to hold her gaze
text: for a moment, challenging himself, but then turns away and
text: stalks to a table. He sits and leans over the page.
text: After a moment, though, he lifts his face and glances at...
text: Another girl, sitting further down the table. She looks up
text: from her reading and returns his gaze.
text: He smiles at her.
text: She gets up and leaves.
text: Simon frowns, confounded and returns to his book. He takes
text: out his notebook and pencil, meaning to take notes, but sees
dialog: instead...
text: A third girl sitting at another table, listening to her
text: Walkman and typing her homework into a laptop computer.
text: He finds himself staring at her and forces himself back to
text: his book. But he can't help himself and glances back over at
dialog: her.
text: With a sigh, he begins to write in his notebook...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (voice-over)
dialog: Why is it this beautiful girl makes
dialog: me sad? Does she know how beautiful
dialog: she is? Do people tell her? Does she
dialog: ever feel stupid?
text: He looks back over at her. She happens to look up and their
text: eyes meet. She smiles. Horrified, he looks down.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why don't I smile when she looks at
text: me? I look away. Ashamed of myself.
text: He watches her again, thinks, then writes...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Her figure makes me violent. I want
text: to somehow break her. But tenderly.
dialog: How is this possible? Ask Henry.
text: He writes a few moments more, scribbling across the page,
text: then stops and looks back over at the girl.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (voice-over)
dialog: I can't breathe.
text: He tears out the page and folds it in half. Then he gets up
text: and crosses the room to where the girl is busily engaged in
text: her work. She looks up, sees him, and removes her headset
text: with a pleasant smile. He places his note on the table before
text: her, then turns and walks quickly away.
text: The girl watches him go, confused, then lifts the note and
dialog: reads...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (voice-over)
dialog: Why do I do this to myself? And why
dialog: do I reduce you to only one
dialog: possibility? These are not even
dialog: questions anymore. I know the answers
dialog: myself. This isn't a page of notes.
dialog: It's a letter. A letter to you. A
dialog: desperate act. You are a miracle to
text: me. I can't breathe.
text: By now, Simon is gone from the library. The girl finishes
text: reading the letter and looks around in astonishment.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Evening.
text: Henry enters and sits with Buñuel.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: How are you, Henry?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: Peachy. Gimme a light.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: Have you found a job?
text: Henry just glares at him and smokes.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: How 'bout those Alcoholics Anonymous
dialog: meetings, did you go over and visit
dialog: them yet?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What happened to this assistant
dialog: librarian position you were supposed
dialog: to set me up with?
text: Buñuel looks down, disappointed.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: I tried, Henry. I really did.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: So what happened?
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: Henry, with your background... Well,
dialog: I mean, with your record, they didn't
dialog: think it'd be right to have you at
dialog: the neighborhood library.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: They thought you'd be a bad influence
text: on the kids.
text: Henry sits back, offended.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: (adds)
dialog: Or worse.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: So my word is not enough. My promise
dialog: worthless. The fact I've served my
dialog: time nothing but the emblem of my
text: continuing guilt.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: Apparently.
text: Henry leans back and sighs, furious and indignant.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Simon comes in, excited and preoccupied, and finds Fay working
text: at the computer.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (guiltily)
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I'm creating my résumé. This
dialog: computer's got a program especially
dialog: for it. I bought some special
text: stationery too. It's scented. Look.
text: She shoves a sheath of papers up under his nose and he backs
text: away in disgust.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: It's roses.
text: Simon takes his notebooks from a cabinet above the fridge.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Can you type my poem into that thing?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: That's your poem?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (smokes, then)
dialog: Simon, Mom's right about you. A poem's
dialog: supposed to be a small, delicate
dialog: kinda thing. Kinda feminine. Gentle.
dialog: Look at this. You've made a fuckin'
dialog: telephone book.
text: He places the notebooks on the table and leaves the house.
text: Fay clears the computer screen, pulls the notebooks closer
text: and gets down to work.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Moments later.
text: Simon arrives with a six-pack and finds Henry sitting in
text: front of the fire, staring into the flames, brooding darkly.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I was caught. Yes, I was caught...
dialog: once. I was caught in flagranti
text: delicto screwing a thirteen-year-old
dialog: girl named Susan. She was an ugly
dialog: and mean-spirited kid, but she knew
dialog: how to play upon my weaknesses which,
dialog: I admit, are deep and many.
text: He drinks, then looks at Simon and adds...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You appear shocked.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (he is)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Henry stands and leans over the fire.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It was a pathetic little conspiracy.
text: A transparently desperate attempt to
dialog: discredit me and my ideas; to label
dialog: me a mere pedophile. As if I'd be
dialog: ashamed of such a thing. As if
dialog: Socrates himself hadn't been taken
dialog: out of circulation for corrupting
dialog: the youth of Athens!
text: He comes over and takes a beer. He strides around the room,
text: thinking, reflecting.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Seven years. Seven years for one
text: afternoon of blissful transgression.
dialog: But what of it? Who cares? Prison's
dialog: not so bad; particularly if one's a
dialog: sex offender, free from the popular
dialog: and conventional horror of sodomy.
text: Stops, drinks declares...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: They were not 'lost years'.
text: He approaches the notebooks lined up on the mantelpiece.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I put them to good use. I began my
dialog: major work. My opus.
text: He glances over at Simon, who sits gripping his beer,
text: watching, rapt.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Believe me, Simon, this incident
text: with the girl, prison... It pales to
dialog: insignificance in the wider context
dialog: of my career.
text: He pauses and swills back some beer. He brightens up, gets
dialog: excited...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Nothing in comparison to the day my
text: 'Confession' is unleashed.
dialog: (beginning to pace)
dialog: What an orgy we'll have then, huh?
text: What shouts of outrage from the
dialog: offended populace, from the
dialog: sanctimonious purveyors of culture
dialog: and quality, the righteous defenders
dialog: of what ever inane and haphazard
text: notion of progress then in vogue.
dialog: They'll be beside themselves with
text: fiercely reasoned critical analysis.
dialog: Apoplectic with indignation!
text: Drinks sloppily, burps, wipes his mouth with his arm.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Their feelings will be hurt.
text: He smashes the bottle in the fireplace.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yes, like a mirror which reflects
text: only the inside of the person before
dialog: it, my 'Confession' will lovingly
dialog: render humanity's common monstrosity
text: in all of its lurid wide screen glory.
text: He grabs a new beer and twists off its cap.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why should I blush or feel shame
dialog: before the common lot of humanity,
dialog: anyway, for a few banal and, again I
dialog: admit, inelegant transgressions?
text: He drinks, sighs and sits back down.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: After all, really, I'm doing
dialog: civilization a favor.
text: Simon sits back in awe. He waits a moment and thinks. Finally
text: he stands and approaches the 'Confession'. He reaches out
text: and drags his hand across the notebooks.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: When can I read it?
text: Henry sits staring into the flames again. He pauses, then...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Soon.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH -- DAY
dialog: Next day.
text: Simon and Father Hawkes are deep in conversation.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: We are told not to judge. But to
dialog: forgive. Not to look into our
dialog: neighbor's eye to find the bad, but
dialog: to find the good.
dialog: (pacing)
dialog: Now this is difficult. I admit.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But having a good friend is not always
dialog: easy.
text: Simon listens and carefully considers all the priest says.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes, but... do you think Henry is...
dialog: dangerous?
text: Father Hawkes pauses, then comes closer and sits.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: He needs help. Our help. Yours
dialog: especially.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But what can I do?
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: The best parts of himself come to
text: the surface when he's helping someone
dialog: learn. I've seen this. Let yourself
dialog: be taught. Show your appreciation
dialog: for his guidance. In this way, you
dialog: know, perhaps. Well. There's hope
text: for everyone. Even. Even Henry.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Fay comes walking up through the parking lot with Simon's
text: notebooks and a pile of typed papers. She's a wreck; tear-
text: stained face and a ball of tissues gripped in her hand like
text: a weapon. She throws open the door to the World of Donuts
text: and looks around.
text: The place is crowded with teenagers hanging around like it
dialog: was a café or student union.
text: Fay sniffles tragically and falls on the counter.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Gnoc, gimme a value pack of Kleenex,
dialog: will ya?
text: Gnoc gets the Kleenex while Fay overhears two kids near
dialog: Simon's poem...
speaker_heading: TIM
text: The violence of the imagery reminds
dialog: me of early Clash, while the lyricism
dialog: of the verse recalls, for me, Walt
dialog: Whitman.
speaker_heading: BIBI
dialog: I would have said Dickinson, maybe
dialog: even Eliot, and so on. But I agree
dialog: with the punk roots...
text: Fay pays for her tissues and makes her way to the back of
text: the store where she finds Simon with Henry, who is holding
text: forth to his friend and the small coterie of high school
text: students surrounding them...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: The greats all say the same thing:
dialog: little. And what little there is to
dialog: be said is immense. Or, in other
dialog: words, follow your own genius to
dialog: where it leads without regard for
dialog: the apparent needs of the world at
dialog: large, which, in fact, has no needs
dialog: as such, but, rather, moments of
dialog: exhaustion in which it is incapable
dialog: of prejudice.
dialog: (drinks)
dialog: We can only hope to collide with
text: these moments of unselfconsciousness.
dialog: This divine fatigue... this...
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: Push over.
text: Henry takes the typed manuscript from her and continues...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: As I tried to make plain in Paris:
dialog: 'Nous savons que nous avons chuté
dialog: parce que nous savons qui nous
dialog: sommes.' 'We know we have fallen
dialog: because we know who we are.'
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (skeptically)
dialog: When were you in Paris?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (interrupted)
dialog: That's beside the point. But did
dialog: they listen to me? Of course not!
text: Fay blows her nose and Simon is concerned.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You alright, Fay?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (lighting a cigarette)
dialog: No, I'm not alright! Your poem brought
dialog: my period on a week and half early!
dialog: So just shut up. Everybody just shut
dialog: up!
text: She drops her head to the table and cries. Henry and Simon
text: look on in silence. Then Henry continues...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: For is this not the best of all
dialog: possible worlds? Are not the evils
dialog: of this world necessary components
dialog: of a cosmos that could not exist
dialog: without them?
text: Amy's girlfriend, Chris, leans forward studiously and asks...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: So, do you believe in God?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (smokes, shrugs)
dialog: Unfortunately.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (lifting her head)
dialog: Yeah, but when were you in Paris?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (aggravated)
text: At. One. Time.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Simon, can I have your autograph?
text: Simon looks from her to Henry. Henry winks at him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Go ahead. But never let yourself be
text: flattered.
text: Simon signs the girl's book.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: So what about this friend of yours,
dialog: Hot Shot? The publisher.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (reminding him)
dialog: Angus James.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Yeah. Angus James. How about sending
dialog: this poem to him?
text: Henry seems a bit put upon.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: Because it's not done yet.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (to Simon)
dialog: When's it gunna be done, Simon?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Well, you oughta be home writing
dialog: instead of hanging out over here
dialog: with all your groupies.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hey, I'm not a groupie.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Pardon me, swivel-hips. Is that your
dialog: PowerBook?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Can I see it?
text: Fay and Amy talk tech as...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (continues)
dialog: The thing to do is to send parts of
dialog: it to different magazines and literary
dialog: journals first. That kinda thing.
dialog: You know. Substantiate it.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: What's 'scatalogical' mean?
text: Henry sips his beer and looks at her.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: Filth, child. A preoccupation with
dialog: excrement. Why?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That's what the Board of Education
dialog: called Simon's poem, yesterday;
dialog: scatological.
text: Henry reaches across the table and shakes Simon's hand.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- DAY
text: The next day.
text: Fay is frying something on the stove, a cigarette hangs from
text: her lip. A middle-aged woman with a press ID on her lapel
text: appears at the kitchen door and taps.
speaker_heading: EDNA
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Yeah, I'm listening.
speaker_heading: EDNA
dialog: My name is Edna Rodriguez and I write
dialog: the human interest column for the
dialog: Queens County Examiner and I was
dialog: just wondering if I could have a
dialog: word with Simon Grim?
text: Intrigued, Fay steps over to the door with her spatula. She
text: looks Edna over, studies her ID, then steps away and screams
text: upstairs.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Simon!
speaker_heading: EDNA
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Fay comes back over near the door, waving her spatula.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: You can't talk to him for, you know,
dialog: too long or anything, 'cause he's
dialog: gotta, you know... he writes all
dialog: day. That's all he does. Can you
dialog: believe that?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (calling again)
dialog: Hey! Simon! Get down here!
text: Simon finally shuffles into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Simon, this is Edna. She's from the
dialog: newspaper.
speaker_heading: EDNA
dialog: (rapid fire)
dialog: Simon, the Parents' Association at
dialog: the local high school are calling
dialog: your poem pornography. The teachers
dialog: are defending the students' right to
dialog: exercise their critical tastes and
dialog: sensibilities. The county agrees
dialog: with the Church and considers the
text: poem emblematic of modern society's
dialog: moral disintegration. How do you
dialog: feel about these controversial
dialog: reactions to your poem?
text: Simon says nothing. He just stares at her.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (punching him)
dialog: Simon, answer the woman.
text: Simon just looks away, thinks, then wanders back upstairs.
text: Mary passes him on his way out of the kitchen and comes up
text: to Fay and Edna at the door.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I need my prescription filled.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Mom, this is Edna. Edna, Mom.
speaker_heading: EDNA
dialog: Mrs Grim, what was Simon like as a
dialog: child?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We all thought he was retarded.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Everyone did.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Never said a word.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: He masturbated constantly.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Had no friends.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Till he met Henry.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: And that's when all the trouble really
dialog: started.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: Henry is shaving. Simon sits in the kitchen, sorting through
dialog: rejection letters...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Dear Mr Grim, we here at the magazine
dialog: consider ourselves and the publication
text: open-minded and cutting edge and
dialog: have consistently printed the work
dialog: of the most brilliant and farseeing
dialog: young talent of the day. Every week
dialog: we are forced to return writing which
dialog: we can not for one reason or another
dialog: publish and include a brief but polite
dialog: refusal. But this tract you've sent
dialog: us demands a response as violent as
dialog: the effect your words have had upon
dialog: us. Drop dead. Keep your day job.
dialog: Sincerely, The Editors.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: De gustibus non disputandum est.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: You can't argue with taste?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: About taste. You can't argue about
dialog: taste. God, Simon.
text: Simon gives up and pushes the letters away, beaten.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: The other twenty-five are almost as
dialog: bad. I don't know why I bother.
text: Henry drops his razor and stomps out into the hall.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What do you mean you don't know why
dialog: you bother? You bother because you
dialog: know the poem is excellent!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Do I?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Of course you do!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'm not so sure sometimes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Can you sit there, look me straight
dialog: in the eye, and tell me you don't
dialog: think this poem is great? That it is
dialog: not at once a work of great lyrical
dialog: beauty and ethical depth? That it is
dialog: not a genuine, highly individual,
dialog: and profound meditation on the miracle
dialog: of existence?
text: Simon holds the stare, overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I, ah...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Can you?
text: Simon looks away, thinks a moment, then looks back at Henry.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No. I can't.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: So, you see, you have no choice!
text: He goes back into the bathroom. Simon thinks a while, then...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Can you recommend it to your friend,
dialog: the publisher?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Henry? Can you recommend the poem to
dialog: him?
text: Still no response. Simon gets up and stands in the bathroom
text: doorway. Henry is shaving.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I mean, I think it's finished and,
dialog: for better or worse, it is book
dialog: length.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: That might not be as easy as it seems.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well, it's been a long time. My name
dialog: might not carry as much weight as it
dialog: once did with Angus.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But he's your friend, right?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We were close at one time.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You said he respected your opinion.
text: Henry puts down his razor and looks at Simon in the mirror.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Look, Simon, opinions come and go.
text: He sees Simon looks worried.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: To be honest; my ideas, my writing,
dialog: they haven't always been received
dialog: well or even calmly. They're
dialog: upsetting. I'm a controversial man.
text: He walks around the bathroom, gesticulating.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You see, what I'm doing is too
dialog: radical. Too uncompromising. It'll
dialog: take time for people to see its value.
dialog: It's ahead of its time, perhaps, or
dialog: maybe just...
dialog: (stops)
dialog: A recommendation from me might do
dialog: you as much harm as it does good.
text: Simon patiently absorbs all this, then walks through the
text: kitchen and looks across at the 'Confession' notebooks.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Henry, why can't I read the
dialog: 'Confession'?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Because certain work needs to be
dialog: experienced all at once in order for
dialog: one to appreciate the full force of
dialog: its character.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Simon talks with Fay as she eats her lunch.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Simon, wake up! The guy's in a dream
dialog: world!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He's afraid that his reputation will
dialog: prevent people from giving my work
dialog: an honest chance.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: His reputation as what?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: As a writer.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Gimme a break.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He's kinda like in exile. Marginalized
dialog: on account of his ideas.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: If he's such a great big fat genius,
dialog: why doesn't he write books? Like you
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He has. He's written a book. It's
text: almost completed. He's been working
dialog: on it for years. It's just not
dialog: published.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Yeah, I bet. It's probably disgusting.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: It's a quite serious and difficult
dialog: piece of work, apparently.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Have you read it?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No. Not yet. Soon. Certain work needs
dialog: to be experienced all at once in
dialog: order for one to appreciate the full
dialog: force of its character.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Yeah, well, what ever. Listen, Simon,
dialog: forget Henry. Go straight up to this
dialog: Angus James character yourself and
dialog: make him read your poem.
text: She gets up to go. She's wearing a smart outfit.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I'm gunna apply for a job at the one-
dialog: hour photo joint and then go over to
dialog: the Mall to see about that job in
dialog: the bank. Make sure Mom takes her
dialog: pills. See ya.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
text: Mary is sitting, brooding in front of the TV, which displays
text: only static white noise. She turns it off with the remote
text: and sits in silence for a moment.
text: She gets off the couch and moves to the kitchen table, where
text: Fay's computer sits. She goes over and reaches up above the
text: fridge, opening the cabinet containing Simon's notebooks.
text: She hesitates, then takes them down and holds them in her
text: hands, as if to begin reading. But then she puts them back.
text: She walks over to the piano and stands there, hesitating,
text: before slowly sitting down and opening it. She lifts her
text: hands to play, then pauses and looks around behind her, making
dialog: sure no one is there.
text: But, finally, she turns back and begins playing.
text: She plays a sad-sounding modern classical piece with rusty
dialog: accomplishment. At one time she was probably quite good.
text: She plays for a while, gradually letting herself become moved
text: by the music. But then she stops, pauses, and looks behind
dialog: her.
text: Simon is standing in the kitchen. He has been deeply affected
text: by her playing.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Please don't stop.
text: She stares him down a moment longer, then looks away and
text: closes the piano. She returns to the couch and switches on
dialog: the TV.
text: Simon comes closer. He sits.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: That was nice what you were playing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes, it was nice. But it was
text: unremarkable.
text: Simon waits. Eventually...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Does that matter?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (looking right at him)
dialog: Yes. It does.
text: She gets up off the couch and goes upstairs. She slams her
text: bedroom door and leaves Simon alone on the couch. He thinks.
text: Then, he gets up and goes into the kitchen.
text: He takes the typed manuscript of his poem from the cabinet
text: above the refrigerator and goes to the door. He pauses,
text: clutches the poem and goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY STATION -- DAY
text: Simon waits, clutching his poem to his side, as a train pulls
text: into the station. Excited and determined, he gets on.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN -- DAY
text: Simon travels to New York City. He finds an envelope on the
text: floor to put the poem in.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S ROOM -- DAY
text: Mary wakes up and sits on the edge of the bed, feeling
text: regretful about her tone of voice with Simon.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Mary comes down into the kitchen and listens.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Simon?
text: No answer. She steps over to the cabinet and almost takes
text: down Simon's notebook. But doesn't. She grabs her pills and
text: is about to take them. But then she stops. She puts them
text: down and goes to the cabinet. She takes down Simon's notebooks
text: and sits at the table, pauses, then pulls them closer and
text: begins to read.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE LOBBY -- DAY
text: Simon enters a big, posh lobby and checks the registry.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE RECEPTION -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Simon comes out of the elevator and enters the reception
text: area of James Midriff and Sutton Publishing. He walks
text: hesitantly up to the receptionist, a bright and spirited
text: young woman named Laura.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Hi, I'll take that.
text: Simon steps back defensively.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Aren't you the messenger?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Are you here to fix the plumbing?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'm here to see Mr. Angus James.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Are you?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'm not a plumber. Or a messenger. I
dialog: was once a garbage man. But now I'm
dialog: a poet.
text: Laura steps back, cocks her head and removes her designer
dialog: eye-wear.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Angus is at a big table with two other men, Steve and Barry.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: The book, as we know it, Angus, will
dialog: be a thing of the past within the
dialog: next few years. Novels, articles,
dialog: newspapers will all be downloaded on
dialog: to our personal computers anyway.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: So you're telling me to get out of
dialog: the publishing business?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: No. But we've got to re-invent the
dialog: publishing business for the electronic
dialog: age.
text: Laura knocks.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Yes, Laura?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I'm sorry to disturb you, gentlemen,
dialog: but... Angus, there's a particularly
dialog: wound-up young garbage man out here
text: who seems to have written a poem. A
dialog: long poem. And I recall how, at last
dialog: month's meeting, you stressed the
dialog: need for us to be on the look-out
dialog: for more marginalized verse from
text: unestablished quarters of the American
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Did I say that?
text: Steve and Barry nod.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yeah. You did.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Twice.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Well, OK. Make an appointment, Laura.
dialog: Sometime next month.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Right-e-o.
text: And she's gone.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: (returning)
dialog: So, anyway, how is the digital
dialog: revolution going to help me sell
dialog: books?
scene_heading: INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE RECEPTION -- DAY
text: Simon looks disappointed.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why can't I see him now?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Because he's a very important man
dialog: and, well, you're not.
text: Simon just looks down at his shoes. Laura touches his arm
text: and reassures him.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Be reasonable.
text: He looks up, pauses, then...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why?
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: I don't think people are going to
dialog: prefer reading books on television,
dialog: Steve.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: It won't be television!
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: It'll be interactive.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Angus, look, we have a number of
dialog: charts here...
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: In every home in America the PC will
dialog: be where the TV used to be.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: And it'll be a direct connection to
dialog: all forms of media.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: An unprecedented transformation of
dialog: American social life...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: We'll all become better informed,
text: more literate, increasingly
dialog: productive, and... Well, and, like I
dialog: said, we have a number of charts...
text: Laura re-enters...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Sorry to disturb you again, gentlemen,
dialog: but... Angus, I'd like to call
dialog: security for this one. Though, before
dialog: I do, I just wanted to ask just how
text: marginal the as yet undiscovered
dialog: voice of American poetry should be?
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Pretty damn marginal, I'd think.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Down right controversial, probably.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: How's he strike you?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: He's been denounced by his local
dialog: Board of Education.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Oh, I read about him in the paper.
text: Hangs out in a delicatessen somewhere
dialog: and writes pornography.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE RECEPTION -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Angus comes out to the water cooler and glares at Simon as
text: he gets a drink.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Hello, and why do you think I should
dialog: take valuable time out of my busy
dialog: schedule to read...
text: He grabs the envelope and sees no title.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: This?
text: Simon is stumped. He looks over at Laura, who purses her
text: lips and tilts her head. He twists a button on his shirt,
text: thinking, then returns to Angus.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Because it's a masterpiece.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: (to Laura)
dialog: Are you hearing this?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: He's adorable.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I wouldn't want to waste your time.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: I'm sure you wouldn't and I appreciate
dialog: you being so straightforward.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: I assume you can take straightforward
dialog: criticism?
text: Simon looks over at Laura.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Just say 'Yes'.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Get him a coffee, Laura.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Have a seat, Mr Grim.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Hold my calls for the next half hour.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: What about Steve?
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: He doesn't drink coffee. Steve, do
dialog: you drink coffee?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (off)
dialog: Angus, listen to me!
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Henry paces back and forth. With the fingers of one hand
text: pressed against his forehead and his eyes closed tight in
text: concentration, he dictates to Amy, who is sitting at a table
text: with her laptop computer, typing his every word.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: In the infinite amplitude of his
dialog: love, God wants to create the largest
dialog: number of best elements that can
dialog: exist together in one cosmos... OK.
text: Amy types away, fascinated by Henry's intelligence.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: In an instantaneous calculation made
dialog: in eternity, God computes the best
dialog: possible world and creates it. Fine.
dialog: This 'decision' by God is uncontingent
dialog: and eternal rather than temporally
dialog: or ontologically sequential.
text: Stops, zeroing in on his point.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: How do you spell that?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Ontologically.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: O-N-T... Don't you have some kinda
dialog: spell-check on that thing?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Never mind.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It is impossible for every perfect
dialog: good to be compatible with every
dialog: other perfect good. The intense beauty
dialog: of the mountain must be set off by
dialog: the fertility of the plain, so to
dialog: speak.
text: He smokes, drinks, paces some more. Amy waits with bated
text: breath, devastated by his obscure profundity. He comes back
text: and sits beside her, reaching his conclusion.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: The good of freewill must entail
dialog: real choices for sin.
text: She gazes at his profile, in love.
text: Henry sits thinking and Amy watches him reverently. She leans
text: over close and whispers in his ear. He turns and looks at
text: her, alarmed.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Listen, Amy, back off. I'm on parole.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You feel the same way. I can tell. I
dialog: can see it when you look at me.
text: Henry jumps up and looks around, paranoid. He keeps his voice
text: down and points at her.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hey! I don't look at you.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yes you do. In the street. In the
dialog: parking lot yesterday. That night on
dialog: the highway.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I look at a lot of people that way.
text: Disappointed, Amy turns away and sulks.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You think I'm stupid.
text: Henry sees she's genuinely upset and feels bad. He sits back
text: down and lays his hand on hers.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No, as a matter of fact, I think
dialog: you're a real bright kid and I like
dialog: that about you.
speaker_heading: AMY
text: (looks up, pouts)
dialog: You do?
text: Now Henry tries to scare her away. He leers at her.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I like it so much I've got half a
dialog: mind to do perverse things to you.
dialog: Right here. Right now. Things you
dialog: might just learn to like.
text: She just stares at him, blinks, then looks away and tries to
text: imagine this. She takes her laptop and leaves, confused and
text: blushing.
text: Henry watches her go and grins, satisfied with himself.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE RECEPTION -- DAY
text: Angus throws on his coat and thrusts the poem at Simon as
text: they walk down the hall.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: This is really quite unbelievably
dialog: bad, my friend. I mean, I'm all for
dialog: experimentation and I've made a career
dialog: out of a healthy disregard for
dialog: convention, but... Look, this is
dialog: profoundly irrelevant material. This
dialog: is only my opinion. But it's an
dialog: opinion I value highly. Goodnight,
dialog: Laura. Call Norton Press. We're still
dialog: on for tomorrow.
text: Simon looks pale as Angus strides towards the elevator.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: I've been wrong before as a publisher.
dialog: But I refuse to admit I've ever been
dialog: wrong as a reader. You have talent,
dialog: I admit. You have an innate sense of
dialog: the musicality of language. A good
dialog: ear, maybe. But you do nothing
dialog: significant with it. And this twisted
dialog: reasoning that poses as... conviction
dialog: or insight, it's... well, it's
dialog: embarrassing.
text: They reach the elevator and stop. Simon tries to catch his
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Why did you bring this thing to me,
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: A friend of mine spoke of you. He
dialog: said you had a lot of integrity.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Yes, well, of course, I do. But I'm
dialog: not crazy, am I? Who is this person?
dialog: Do I know him?
text: Simon hesitates, almost decides against it, but then...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Henry Fool.
text: Angus looks back at him.
text: Simon waits.
text: Angus looks aside, thinks, then shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Never heard of him.
text: Simon just looks at him blankly, confused.
text: The doors slide open and Angus gets in the elevator. He's
text: gone. Simon sinks into a chair and stares at the carpet. He
text: is so surprised and hurt he gasps for breath.
text: His poem slips from his hand and falls to the floor.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (off)
dialog: I remember Henry.
text: Simon doesn't register this right away. But then he looks up
text: and over at the receptionist.
text: Laura stands and comes around her desk. She pauses, seeing
text: his disappointment, then comes closer and picks up his poem.
text: Handing it to him, she explains...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: He used to be the janitor here.
text: He just stares at her, demolished.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK/SUBWAY ENTRANCE -- DAY
dialog: Later.
text: Simon dumps his poem in a trash can, pauses, then enters the
dialog: subway.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Henry is leaning on the counter, flipping through pornographic
text: magazines and smoking.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: (off)
dialog: Henry, put those magazines back.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: I'm just looking at the pictures.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: It's not good for you.
text: Henry flips through pages and nods, impressed.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I learn so much from these magazines,
dialog: Mr Deng. I refuse to discriminate
dialog: between modes of knowing.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: And you can't smoke in here anymore.
text: Henry looks up, outraged.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why not!
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: It's the law.
text: Henry throws his cigarette to the floor, steps on it and
text: returns to his magazine.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: This place is losing all its charm,
dialog: Mr Deng.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: Business is good. The kids, they
dialog: hang out all day and drink coffee,
dialog: talk about art and read poetry.
text: Henry shakes his head in dismay and studies a centerfold.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It's just a fad, Mr Deng. These kids
dialog: today, they're just slaves to fashion.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Fay comes in, hot and tired from walking around in high heels.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Anybody home? Mom?
text: She stands on the stairs and hears the water running in the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Ma, that you?
text: No answer. She discovers she's out of cigarettes.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Henry is leaning on the counter with a six-pack of beer,
text: pleading with Mr Deng.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Come on, Mr Deng! How much do I owe
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: Twenty-five dollars.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: That can't be right! And so what? My
dialog: credit's good.
text: Warren comes in.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Henry!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hey, Warren, you gotta couple of
dialog: bucks I can borrow?
text: Warren reaches for his wallet.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Listen, Henry, I wanna remind you to
dialog: vote this Thursday.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Ah, yes, of course. When noble minds
dialog: shrink from the task of leadership
text: scoundrels will rush in to fill the
dialog: void.
dialog: (takes cash)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: It's every American's right. A
dialog: blessing. Yet another opportunity to
dialog: save America from itself.
text: Henry pays Mr Deng for his beer.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Fay bangs on the door.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Hey, Henry, you in there? Gimme a
dialog: cigarette.
text: No answer. She tries the door. It's open. She hesitates.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Henry?
text: She goes quietly in.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Henry steps out of the store and stops when he sees Amy
text: standing there, pouting. He looks away and sighs. Amy picks
text: at the fabric of her stockings and bites her lip.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Henry?
text: Henry smokes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What kind of... Well, I mean... What
dialog: kind of... perverse things would you
dialog: do to me?
text: It's more than he can stand. He holds his head.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Take a powder, cupcake.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, really.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Evaporate!
text: Crushed, she breaks out in tears and flees.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Simon comes in, furious and throws open the fridge. He finds
text: nothing to eat or drink. He slams the door, then hears the
text: water running in the bathroom upstairs. He stops and listens.
text: The bathroom door; the water heard running steadily.
text: Simon turns away then sees...
text: The poem notebooks face down on the table.
text: He thinks.
text: The bathroom door; the water heard running...
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Henry comes into his house, hot and bothered, cradling his
text: six-pack. But he stops, listens, then steps through the
text: kitchen towards the living-room. He stops in the entrance
dialog: and sees...
text: Fay on the floor of the living-room, reading his 'Confession',
text: her mouth hung open in an astonished 'O'.
text: He drops his six-pack and...
text: She spins around, caught in the act.
text: Henry stands in the doorway, pent up, sweating and with
text: perverse things on his mind.
text: Fay, her hands palm down on the floor behind her, bites her
text: lip, coquettishly.
text: Henry looks her over like she was something good to eat.
text: She feels his gaze all over her and twists to one side with
text: a breathless little shudder.
text: He steps nearer, stands over her and she looks up at him.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Simon climbs the stairs to the bathroom...
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Henry and Fay kissing passionately...
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Simon knocks on the bathroom door.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Henry and Fay groping and shoving one another as they stagger
dialog: from room to room.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Simon bangs on the bathroom door.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Fay falls to the couch...
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Simon crashes through the door and finds...
text: Mary, kneeling over the edge of the tub, her wrists slit and
text: the blood running down the drain, the shower raining down
text: over her back.
text: Simon looks on in horror.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Henry tears open his trousers...
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Simon lifts Mary from the bathtub.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Henry and Fay clutch and grind and heave...
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Simon drags his mother from the bathroom and down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Henry and Fay are making mad, passionate love, oblivious to
text: the world around them.
scene_heading: INT. GRIM HOUSE DAY -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Simon drags Mary through the house.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
dialog: Henry and Fay fuck.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Simon drags Mary out the kitchen door and into the yard,
text: looking desperately for help. He reaches the street, her
text: limp body hanging grotesquely before him, and looks helplessly
text: up and down the block.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY -- DAY
text: Simon, Henry, Mr Deng, Fay, Gnoc and Buñuel stand with Father
text: Hawkes at the grave.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: Let us pray. Lord, grant that peace
dialog: be within reach for our friend, Mary.
dialog: May the pain and confusion she endured
dialog: on earth be fought through in the
dialog: after life, so that she may enter
dialog: the Kingdom of Heaven and live in
dialog: the light of God. Amen.
text: He sprinkles holy water on the coffin and they all drop
text: carnations at the grave. Simon and Fay remain there looking
text: down at the coffin. Henry waits for them a few yards away,
text: wishing he could help, but feeling out of place.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD -- DAY
text: Simon is back working on the garbage truck. He collects
text: garbage and throws it in the truck as Henry, who is just
text: along for the ride, hangs from the side of the truck and
text: pulls the lever whenever Simon tells him to.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: So I was a janitor! So what?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But Angus James said he didn't even
dialog: know you!
text: Henry shrugs and qualifies...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well, I mean, we weren't like bosom
dialog: buddies or anything. But we used to
text: talk sometimes. In the elevator. In
dialog: the morning. He said he liked my
dialog: ideas. Being a janitor's a good job
dialog: if you're a writer. Especially the
dialog: night shift; all that time to think
dialog: and develop my ideas.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Do it.
text: Henry pulls the lever and the garbage gets crushed.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Anyway, he hated my poem.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well, what the hell does he know? He
dialog: wouldn't know a vital piece of
dialog: literary art if it came up and bit
dialog: him in the leg. To hell with him!
dialog: He's not the only publisher in the
dialog: world!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But nobody likes it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (smokes)
dialog: It's true. A prophet is seldom heeded
dialog: in his own land. Remember that.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Do it.
text: Henry is about to pull the lever again, but sees something
dialog: in amongst the garbage...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hey, look, treasure!
text: Henry steps down and leans over into the garbage. Simon joins
text: him as he lifts something that is either a ring or a stray
text: piece of machinery.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Brass maybe. Some kinda copper.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: It's a ring. Jewelry.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I think it's a gasket. A fitting
dialog: from off of that old refrigerator
dialog: over there.
text: Henry puts it in his pocket, satisfied and Simon jumps on
text: the back of the truck as it turns the corner and rolls away.
text: Henry starts to walk off in the opposite direction, but stops
text: when he sees Pearl age seven.
scene_heading: EXT. VICKY'S HOUSE -- DAY
text: Henry comes up the street with Pearl age seven on his back.
text: He walks into Vicky's yard and finds Warren lifting weights
text: in the garage.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hey, Warren, I found Pearl wandering
text: around by the garbage dump.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: He lost.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Who lost?
text: Warren rests. He sits up on the bench and takes a toke off
text: the joint he has waiting.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Congressman Feer.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh. Well, you know. Somebody's gotta
dialog: lose.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: What's the fucking use. You make
dialog: sacrifices. You try to be a decent
dialog: human being. Try to contribute
dialog: something meaningful to society. And
dialog: what happens? They lose to a bunch
dialog: of cultural elite liberal fuck-ups.
dialog: I don't give a shit anymore. People
dialog: deserve what they get.
text: Henry pauses, then leads Pearl age seven towards the house.
text: Warren lies back down and continues his lifting.
scene_heading: INT. VICKY'S HOUSE -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Henry knocks on the door as he enters...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Vicky?
text: No answer. He comes in and finds her sitting on the couch
text: with a drink. She's got a black eye.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: He's a good man, Henry. Nobody's
dialog: perfect.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I guess not.
speaker_heading: VICKY
text: He's terribly disappointed.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: I found Pearl wandering around with
text: no shoes on her feet.
text: Pearl comes over and stands beside her mother.
speaker_heading: VICKY
text: Thanks. She gets scared.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: And you don't?
text: Vicky caresses Pearl's hair, then drinks and looks over at
dialog: Henry.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I love him.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Buñuel is waiting when Henry walks in and steps up to the
text: beer cooler.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Where's the beer?
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: No more beer. Coffee. Espresso!
dialog: Cappuccino! Café au lait. Carrot
dialog: juice. Herbal tea.
text: Henry looks at the man, disgusted, then falls in to a seat
text: and motions to Gnoc, who is now the waitress.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: A double espresso and a jelly donut,
dialog: Gnoc.
dialog: (to Buñuel)
dialog: You mind paying? My credit's no good
dialog: here anymore, apparently.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: (nods amiably)
dialog: Did you go to the employment agency
dialog: today, Henry?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No, but it's OK. Simon's gunna try
dialog: to get me a job on the garbage truck.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: Listen, I'm a little concerned about
dialog: your friend.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Simon?
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
text: Seems he gave an obscene note to a
text: girl in the library.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Get outta here! When?
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: I'm not sure.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: It couldn't have been Simon.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
text: It almost certainly is. He mentions
dialog: you. Look...
text: He unfolds a print-out of the letter. Henry reads and Buñuel
text: leans over, pointing out...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: 'Her figure makes me violent. I want
text: to somehow break her. But tenderly.
dialog: How is this possible? Ask Henry.'
text: Henry thinks this over, gulps back some espresso and nods
dialog: his approval. Then...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Buñuel, this is obviously a love
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: (taking it back)
dialog: We've had complaints.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Where did you get it?
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: She posted it on the Internet.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh, the slut!
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
text: She was trying to warn other girls
text: about a potential rapist.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (smokes)
dialog: Is all this true about the Internet?
dialog: About how you can get pornography on
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: Well, yeah, sure. It's a big problem.
dialog: You can send dirty pictures and
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: On the Internet?
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: Yeah.
text: Henry is impressed.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No kiddin'?
text: Buñuel gets up to go.
speaker_heading: BUÑUEL
dialog: See you on Thursday, Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Sure. See you.
dialog: (calls the waitress)
dialog: Gnoc, gimme one of these double
dialog: espressos to go, will ya?
text: He is having ideas.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Fay, still dressed in black, is tapping away on the keys to
text: the computer, surfing the Internet, as Henry appears at the
text: kitchen door, gripping his tall double espresso.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hello, Fay.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Go away.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You gotta get outta the house, Fay.
dialog: You can't blame yourself for not
dialog: being here. You did all you could
dialog: for her.
text: She turns and glares at him.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Is there something you want?
text: Henry stops, pauses, looks away. Then...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You got the Internet on that
dialog: contraption?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (resumes typing)
dialog: Yeah. So what?
text: He changes the subject again, preoccupied and continues
dialog: tenderly...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Look Fay, about, you know, between
dialog: us -- what happened...
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I don't wanna talk about it, Henry!
text: He sighs and drinks his coffee, then looks back at her.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: Type a part of Simon's poem onto the
dialog: Internet.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (stops)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Because.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Come on, Fay. It's a great idea.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I don't know if he would want us to
dialog: do that.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Sure he would. Just the first ten
dialog: verses.
text: Fay is tempted.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: He'll thank you for it later.
text: Frowning, she reconsiders. She gets up and takes the notebooks
text: from the cabinet above the fridge. She flips through the
text: pages but suddenly stops and turns to the door with a nicer
dialog: attitude.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Henry...
text: But he's gone. It's as if he has vanished into thin air. She
text: sighs, sits back down, and begins typing the poem onto the
dialog: Internet.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Henry comes back into the store, satisfied with himself. He
text: finishes off his coffee, tosses away the cup and takes a
text: pornographic magazine from the rack. He leans on the counter
text: where Mr Deng is busy working and flips through the pages.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Gimme another one of those tall double
dialog: espressos, Mr Deng.
text: Mr Deng starts to make him one and sees him with the magazine.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: You gunna buy that?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I'm just looking.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: Well then put it back.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: There's this fascinating story about
dialog: a famous rock band and how they tied
text: a friend of theirs to a bed in their
text: hotel room and inserted a live fish
text: into her vagina.
text: Mr Deng shakes his head and frowns.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (explains)
dialog: They say she had numerous orgasms.
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: Henry, you need to do something with
dialog: your life. Get a job, or something.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I mean, it wasn't the entire fish,
dialog: it was just, you know, the nose. The
text: nose of the fish.
text: Mr Deng brings over the coffee. Henry is surprised to notice
text: he is not riveted.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You don't find that interesting?
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: No.
text: Henry closes the magazine and puts it back. Leaning on the
text: counter, he sips his coffee and ponders.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You ever wonder what it would be
dialog: like to have sex with an animal, Mr
dialog: Deng?
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: That coffee is free. Just take it
dialog: and get out of here.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I mean, some dogs are almost as big
dialog: as people and often more attractive.
text: Mr Deng just goes back to work, leaving Henry there at the
text: counter thinking big thoughts.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- EVENING
text: Simon hangs from the garbage truck as it comes up the street
text: and pauses in front of his house. He jumps down and the truck
text: barrels away.
scene_heading: INT. FAY'S ROOM -- EVENING
text: Simon taps at the door. She looks over at him and he sees
text: she's been crying. He comes into the room and she sits up on
text: the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Did you see him?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: He came by this afternoon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Did you talk?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: No.
text: He comes over and sits beside her. He thinks a moment, then...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You've got to tell him, Fay.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: He thinks I'm a slut.
text: And she starts crying again. Simon awkwardly touches her
text: shoulder, then moves his hand away. Fay pulls herself
text: together, sniffles and goes into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE, AT THE PIANO
text: Moments later.
text: Simon comes downstairs and finds Henry at the piano. He looks
text: ill and is clutching a nearly empty container of espresso.
text: He is staring sickly at 'the ring'.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Henry?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Simon, I don't feel so good.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: I feel all kinda clammy. And damp.
text: Simon lifts the coffee container and smells it.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: How many of these did you have?
text: Henry tries to remember. He squints.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Seven.
text: Simon puts the container down and sits at the table.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Henry, we have to talk.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Can I use your toilet?
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: Fay's taking a shower.
text: Henry grabs his stomach. He presses his hand against his
text: chest, holds his head, then stares at the ring.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: How much you think I can get for
dialog: this?
text: He looks at Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (pauses)
text: Henry, Fay's pregnant.
text: Henry looks at him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Fay's pregnant with your child.
text: Henry lets this sink in. He stands and the room tilts. White
text: with fear, he clutches at his rumbling gut.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE BATHROOM
text: Moments later.
text: Fay is in the shower as...
text: Henry bursts into the bathroom, tearing at his belt and
text: trousers. She starts screaming and wraps herself in the shower
text: curtain. He drops his pants and throws himself on the toilet
text: just in time to begin shitting his brains out. Fay crouches,
text: terrified and disgusted, in the shower.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Jesus, Henry!
text: Henry sweats and moans as he empties his bowels in a violent
text: and messy blast of noise and foul air.
text: Fay covers her face and whimpers sickly.
text: Finally, he's done. He hangs with his face out over his knees,
text: sick, exhausted and in shock. Fay wraps herself in a towel
text: and steps out of the shower. She creeps carefully around him
text: and flushes the toilet, growing increasingly concerned.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Hey, Henry. You OK?
text: He is destroyed, staring down at...
text: The 'ring' he still holds in his hand.
text: Fay sees this, looks at Henry, then kneels and takes it from
text: him. He doesn't resist. She lifts it up and breathlessly
text: admires it. Totally misunderstanding, moved beyond words...
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Oh. Oh, Henry.
text: And she throws her arms around him as he sits there, sweating
text: and spent, on the toilet.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH -- DAY
dialog: A month later.
text: Mr Deng and Buñuel drag Henry, kicking and screaming, into
text: the church foyer. Once inside, he shakes them off and they
text: stand back. He huffs and puffs and tosses the hair back out
text: of his eyes. He paces back and forth like a caged animal,
text: then stops, sees...
text: Fay, at the altar, waiting with Simon. She is beautiful.
text: Henry calms down, deeply affected.
text: Fay smiles down the aisle at him.
text: Henry throws back his shoulders, straightens his tie and
text: strides up the aisle.
text: Also present at the ceremony are Vicky and Warren. Gnoc is
dialog: maid of honor.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH -- DAY
dialog: Later.
text: Henry holds Fay's hand and repeats after Father Hawkes.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: I, Henry, take you, Fay to be my
dialog: wife.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I, Henry, take you, Fay to be my
dialog: wife.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: And do promise before God and these
dialog: witnesses...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: And do promise before God and these
dialog: witnesses...
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: To be your loving and faithful
dialog: husband.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: To be your loving and faithful
dialog: husband.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: In plenty and in want.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: In plenty and in want.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
text: In joy and in sorrow.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: In joy and in sorrow.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: In sickness and in health.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: In sickness and in health.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: For as long as we both shall live.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: For as long as we both shall live.
text: The gasket everyone is now mistaking for a ring is lifted
text: high before the altar.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: Bless, O Lord, this ring, that he
dialog: who gives it and she who wears it
dialog: may abide in your peace and continue
dialog: in your favor until their life's
dialog: end.
text: The gasket is placed on Fay's finger.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: Whom God has joined, let no man
dialog: separate.
text: The doors of the church swing open with a tremendous creak
text: and everyone turns from the altar to see...
text: Amy enter. She steps in and stands there, alarmed, clutching
text: a long scroll of fax paper.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh, shit.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Simon, do something.
text: Simon walks down the aisle to see to Amy.
text: The guests watch and wait.
text: As Simon reaches her, Amy looks away from the altar and shows
text: him the fax scroll.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Look.
text: He studies the fax and recognizes his poem. He grows
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Where did you get this?
speaker_heading: AMY
text: It's all over the Internet.
text: Simon looks up the aisle at...
text: Fay and Henry. They look away, caught.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: They're even talking about it on the
dialog: TV news.
text: Confused, Simon starts for the door, shoving the fax in his
text: pocket. Fay steps down from the altar...
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Simon?
text: Amy hurries along beside him.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: There's a guy from the radio station
text: over at World of Donuts and a story
dialog: in the newspaper about some kids
dialog: burning down a school near Boston!
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- NIGHT
dialog: Later that evening.
text: The whole neighborhood is celebrating Fay's wedding. The
text: music is loud. The people are drunk. The place is a shambles.
text: A big dance number is playing. Amidst all the festivities,
text: though, Simon and Buñuel have the small TV propped up on top
text: of the fridge, following the evening news...
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: It all started right here in Queens,
dialog: Jim, at World of Donuts about one
dialog: year ago today, when local garbage
dialog: man, Simon Grim, put pencil to paper
dialog: and began to compose what many have
dialog: come to regard as vicious, antisocial
dialog: and pornographic poetry -- 112 lines
text: of unrhymed free meter verse which
dialog: would one day serve to spark the
dialog: flames of controversy across the
dialog: nation and -- indeed -- the world.
text: Fay leads the neighbors in the dance...
speaker_heading: OWEN FEER
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: This is outrageous! Measures must be
dialog: taken. Have we debased our culture
dialog: to such an extent that a garbage man
text: with a head full of sick ideas is
dialog: legitimately referred to as a poet,
dialog: and where the filth he spews can be
dialog: accessed by any child old enough to
dialog: turn on a computer? Is this what we
dialog: have come to? Not the transmission
dialog: of our highest ideals, but a cynical,
dialog: atheistic delirium!
text: Henry and Fay dance, surrounded by the dancing neighbors...
scene_heading: POET LAUREATE
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Poetry of this kind, and this poem
dialog: in particular, is, I think, a worthy
text: form of desperation; a digression on
dialog: the extremes of human experience; of
text: solitude, of community. It is perhaps
dialog: alarming, even upsetting to some --
dialog: myself included -- but it must be
dialog: allowed to exist.
text: Henry throws an arm around Warren, who stands looking dejected
text: in the doorway, and raises his glass to the happiness in the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Meanwhile, in Rome today, the Pope
dialog: issued a message of hope for believers
dialog: in their fight against what he termed
text: the godless and lost. He did not
dialog: mention Simon Grim by name, but
dialog: offered a prayer for the young whom
dialog: he described as sadly in need of
dialog: faith and not the illusion of
dialog: conviction offered by rock music,
dialog: drugs and contemporary poetry.
text: The TV is switched off. It's later now. People are passed
text: out on the kitchen floor and various neighbors are sitting
text: around the table. Fay steps back from the TV, drains a glass
text: of beer and wipes her mouth on the sleeve of her wedding
text: gown. She hugs Simon, who is deeply unsettled by the news of
dialog: his growing infamy.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: God, Simon, I mean, like, you're a
dialog: total fucking rock star.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: A huge crowd of kids are pressed up against the doors, trying
text: to get a peek at their hero, Simon Grim.
text: Angus comes away from the window. He stands and regards Simon,
text: who is sitting at a table tearing a napkin to shreds.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: I'm willing to negotiate, Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I know, it's just...
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: You've had other offers.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Well, yes. But.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why have you reconsidered?
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Because I think your writing will be
dialog: tremendously successful.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But you don't like it?
speaker_heading: ANGUS
text: It's growing on me.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What made you change your mind?
text: He points to the fans outside.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Other people's responses. I don't
dialog: live in a vacuum, you know. Two months
dialog: ago I didn't have the proof of your
dialog: poem's appeal. Now I do.
text: Simon thinks this over, but says nothing. Angus comes over
text: and lays his hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Consider my offer carefully. Get
dialog: some professional advice. I'll call
dialog: you tomorrow.
text: Simon nods.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Angus emerges and has to fight his way through the throng of
text: excited adolescents. He reaches his limo and gets in. But he
text: pauses before closing the door and considers the crowd.
text: Simon emerges from the store and kids begin screaming and
text: shouting for autographs. Angus shakes his head, impressed.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH -- DAY
text: Simon consults Father Hawkes.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: What were the terms?
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: A hundred thousand in cash up front.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: Royalties?
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: A seventy/thirty split.
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: Well, that could be better. But it
dialog: is a hundred thousand dollars up
dialog: front. Guaranteed money. You could
dialog: use that.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: So it's a good deal?
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: Of course it's good.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: So I should take it?
scene_heading: FATHER HAWKES
dialog: No. Try to get him up to a hundred
dialog: and fifty thousand.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD -- DAY
text: Evening.
text: Henry stalks along, all fired up. Simon tries his best to
dialog: keep up with him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I've let myself down, Simon! I've
dialog: let myself be caught in the bloody
dialog: maw of banal necessity! How did I
dialog: get here? How did this happen to me?
dialog: I'm going to be somebody's father! I
dialog: need time to think. To write. Time
dialog: to finish my 'Confession'! I can't
dialog: work for a living! It's impossible!
dialog: I tried once. My genius will be wasted
dialog: trying to make ends meet!
text: He collapses extravagantly.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: This is how great men topple, Simon.
dialog: Their hearts are in the right place
dialog: too much of the time! They get
dialog: sidetracked! Distracted. Oh! How
dialog: could I have been so careless!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Henry, please, let me read the
dialog: 'Confession'.
speaker_heading: HENRY
text: No. Not now. It's not done. I'm all
dialog: washed up. I'm finished!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Angus James is convinced my poem is
dialog: going to make him incredibly wealthy.
dialog: He'll read your book and seriously
dialog: consider publishing it. If I ask him
dialog: to. I'm certain.
text: Henry glances back at his friend, digesting this. He thinks
dialog: it over, then...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Really? You really think so?
text: Having finally got through to him, Simon comes forward,
text: anxious to help Henry.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'll insist he publish the
dialog: 'Confession'.
text: He paces back and forth, thrusting out his chest, for the
dialog: first time in his life displaying something like pride or
dialog: arrogance.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (adds)
dialog: Or I won't let him publish my poem.
text: Henry sits there watching Simon, impressed with this evidence
text: of increased self-esteem. He realizes the profundity of the
dialog: gesture.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You'd do that? You'd do that for me?
text: Simon stares off into the distance.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You saved my life.
text: Henry is moved. He stands and comes forward. He grabs his
text: friend by the shoulders and turns him around.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Do you realize what you're saying?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (pausing)
dialog: I owe you everything.
text: Henry steps away, considering, then looks back at Simon and
text: extends his hand.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: OK.
text: Simon smiles. Henry smiles. They shake hands.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: Simon enters, comes forward into the room and pauses, looking
dialog: off at...
text: The stack of twelve books that comprise the 'Confession'.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE/BACKYARD -- DAY
text: Henry stands outside, watching his door.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: Simon lifts the first volume, opens it and begins reading.
text: He sits.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD -- DAY
text: Henry paces, drinking and smoking nervously.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Simon strides the length of the living room, reading. He
text: stops, frowns.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Simon reads in front of the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD/GARAGE -- NIGHT
text: Buñuel, Hawkes and Mr Deng sleep sitting up as Henry talks
text: to himself. Fay leans out the back door and interrupts him.
text: He looks at her, but says nothing. She sighs and goes back
text: inside: turning off the lights.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY'S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: The next morning.
text: Simon sits wearily reading the final page of volume twelve
text: as the morning sun streaks into the room. Finally, he finishes
text: and slowly closes the book. He stands and crosses the room.
text: Leaning against the wall, he removes his glasses and rubs
text: his aching eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD -- DAY
text: Simon steps out of Henry's apartment and sees Henry asleep
text: on the back stoop.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Simon stares into a glass of water. Fay sits ten feet away,
text: waiting. Finally...
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: It's really that bad?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: It's terrible.
scene_heading: INT. ANGUS JAMES' OFFICE -- DAY
text: The 'Confession' lies on the big desk. Angus' hand comes
text: down upon it.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: You've read this?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: And you want me to consider publishing
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: As part of our deal?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Simon, this book, it's... It's really
dialog: quite bad.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: That's what you said about my poem.
text: Angus pauses and figures. He changes the subject.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: I'm offering you a very real
dialog: expression of my faith in your
dialog: writing. Two hundred thousand dollars
dialog: and a sixty/forty split.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But just exactly what is the nature
dialog: of your faith in my writing?
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Look, Simon, you don't require my
dialog: admiration. You require my experience
dialog: as a publisher. And that experience
dialog: leads me to believe your poem will
dialog: make more money than any book of
dialog: poetry ever published. In history.
dialog: Virtually make you a household name
dialog: within two years. You'll never have
dialog: to work on a garbage truck again, I
dialog: assure you. Or do anything else for
dialog: that matter. Whereas this 'Confession'
dialog: by Henry Fool...
text: He is at a loss for words.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: The most I can say for this is...
text: The man is a scoundrel.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He taught me everything I know.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: No! He encouraged all that was
dialog: expressive in you to become manifest.
dialog: He inspired you to act. He influenced
dialog: your perception.
text: Simon waits a while, staring at his shoes.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: How about if my advance is only a
dialog: hundred thousand?
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: It's not about money, Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: We could split the royalties
dialog: seventy/thirty.
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: I will not publish Henry Fool's
dialog: 'Confession'.
text: Simon sits and lets this sink in. Angus waits, then...
speaker_heading: ANGUS
dialog: Will you sign the contract?
text: Simon continues looking out at the city. Angus waits, but
text: there is no response. Finally, Simon turns, pauses and slowly
text: crosses the room.
text: He sits at the table and looks down at the contract.
text: He signs.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- DAY
text: Fay is in labor. Henry helps her into her coat as they rush
dialog: for the door.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Henry runs into the store and stands there, panicked, looking
text: at Hawkes, Buñuel and Mr Deng. Gnoc runs out to get Fay.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Henry and Gnoc load Fay into the van. The van pulls out.
scene_heading: INT. VAN -- DAY
text: Henry drives recklessly. Fay rolls around in the back.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Fay is in a wheelchair being rushed down the hall. She is
text: gripping Henry's hand as he runs along beside her.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL DELIVERY ROOM -- DAY
text: Fay gasps and sweats as the Doctor and Nurse prepare her.
text: She is scared. She looks over at...
text: Henry, looking in through the window. He looks scared too.
text: Fay is sedated by gas.
text: Henry is taken away by the Nurse.
text: Fay stares up at the ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Henry is asleep on a row of waiting-room chairs, exhausted.
text: Simon comes running up the hall and finds him. It's late and
text: no one is around. He sits down beside Henry and shakes him.
text: Henry wakes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Simon? You're here.
text: He sits up and Simon sits beside him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (coughs)
dialog: It's a boy.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: And Fay?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: She's alright.
text: Simon sits back, relieved. Then he remembers the rain-soaked
text: shopping bag he has with him. He pulls out a couple of cans
text: of beer and hands one to Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Thanks.
text: They look around, seasoned conspirators and make sure the
text: coast is clear. Then they pop open the beers and toast.
dialog: They drink. Then...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: How did it go?
text: Simon pauses, scared, then gets up and crosses the room. He
text: looks out of the window and gathers his strength.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Listen, Henry, Angus James didn't
dialog: like your 'Confession'.
text: Henry looks at Simon blankly, then blinks and looks away.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Ah. I see. Well, what now?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Did he suggest changes?
text: Silence. Simon comes back and sits again.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No. He didn't.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I mean, after all, there are things
dialog: I can do to make it more accessible.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Accessible?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I can soften up some of the language
dialog: and make it read easier. Take out
dialog: some of the more intratextual
dialog: references and popularize the
dialog: underlying Sturm und Drang, so to
dialog: speak. I can change its mode. Make
dialog: it more of a conventional novel
dialog: instead.
text: Simon just stares at him blankly, then sighs and shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No. Don't.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Oh, Simon, don't be such a purist! I
dialog: appreciate your protectiveness, but
dialog: the integrity of the work gives it a
dialog: durability that can sustain such
dialog: things.
text: Simon comes over and lays his hand on Henry's shoulder.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No. Really, Henry. Don't.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What are you saying; that it doesn't
dialog: merit revision?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'm saying... Angus James didn't
dialog: like it.
text: He steps away and sits. Henry pauses, then approaches and
text: leans down over him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well, did you tell him what you think?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What I think doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yes, it does. You've got to use your
dialog: influence with him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I gave it to him to read and he hated
dialog: it. What more can I do?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You can refuse to let him publish
dialog: your poem.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I can't do that.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You said you would.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: That was before I read your book.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (hit hard)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (looking up at him)
dialog: I signed the contract, Henry.
text: Henry stands there a moment longer, then lowers himself into
text: the nearest seat, weakened.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Look, Henry, what did you expect?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I... I don't know. Honesty, perhaps.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: Look, if I had told you, when at
dialog: first I read it, that I thought it
dialog: was no good, what would you have
dialog: done?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I would have respected your opinion.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: And insisted that there's no
dialog: accounting for taste.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Well, is there?
text: Simon's words catch in his throat. He turns away, frustrated.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don't know. I didn't bring it to
dialog: Angus because I thought it was good.
dialog: I brought it to Angus because you're
dialog: my friend.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (staggered)
dialog: Oh how perfectly enormous of you,
dialog: Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: Look, Henry, I did it! I wrote. I
dialog: wrote poetry because you told me to!
dialog: I worked! I worked while you sat
text: back and comfortably dismissed the
dialog: outside world as too shallow, stupid
dialog: and mean to appreciate your ideas.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Is that such a priority? Is that
dialog: some sort of measure of a man's worth?
dialog: To drag what's best in him out into
dialog: the street so every average slob
dialog: with some pretense to taste can poke
dialog: it with a stick?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (sits, tired)
text: Maybe. Maybe it is.
text: Henry just stares at him, stands, then turns on his heel and
text: waves him off.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You must be pretty impressed with
dialog: yourself, huh? The all too obviously
dialog: talented new man, the important new
text: voice, the early clue to a new
dialog: direction, or whatever, etc., etc.,
dialog: etc! A popular new trend conveniently
dialog: packaged for the distracted young
dialog: herd! You want to be liked more than
dialog: you know, Simon Grim! You'd be nowhere
dialog: without me and you know it.
text: Simon hangs his head, destroyed.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'm leaving.
text: Henry is scared all of a sudden. But he puts on a defiant
dialog: exterior.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yes. It's time you left.
text: He stands, drinks and walks over to the window...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I saw you for what you were in the
dialog: beginning, Simon. I hold no grudge
dialog: and I'm certain you will, in time,
dialog: leave some serious and small dent in
dialog: this world.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: The world is full of shit.
text: Henry take advantage of Simon's disillusionment and puts on
dialog: a big show of secure wisdom.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: The world is full of shit. It's true.
dialog: And you have to walk through it.
dialog: That's your part. I'm sorry. But
dialog: you're no good at it. Perhaps I'm
dialog: not. Perhaps I wasn't made to walk
dialog: through shit. Go on now. Leave. Do
dialog: what you're good at. Go.
text: Simon sits there a moment, numb with grief. Henry, red in
text: the face, stares at the floor. Suddenly, Simon stands and
text: walks out. Henry looks up and watches him go. He can hardly
text: believe it. He almost raises his voice and apologizes, but
text: can't. He lowers his head again and covers his face with his
text: hands, listening to Simon's footsteps receding through the
dialog: halls.
text: Simon walks on, away from us, down the hospital corridor.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- DAY
dialog: Seven years later.
text: Fay bangs out of the kitchen door with her seven-year-old
text: son Ned. Frazzled and overworked, she grips a loaded laundry
text: basket to her side as she sits Ned down on the curb and points
text: at him.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Play!
text: The kid sits still, obviously guilty of some unspeakable
text: mischief, as Fay storms back into the house. He looks around,
text: bored, then brightens up when he sees...
text: Henry, coming up the street, hanging from the back of a
dialog: garbage truck.
scene_heading: INT. THE INFERNO -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Henry enters with Ned on his back and the bartender, Patty,
text: goes ballistic.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Henry, what did I tell you about
dialog: bringing the kid in here!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Say hello to Patty, Ned.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hi.
text: She suddenly becomes all soft and cuddly.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: How you doin', sweetie? You wanna
dialog: Coke?
text: He nods and Henry stands him on a stool at the bar.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: So what did you learn at school today,
dialog: Ned? Anything?
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Here, I'll teach you something.
text: He hands Ned a cigarette and lights it for him. Ned takes a
text: drag and coughs.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Horrible, isn't it?
text: Ned nods in agreement.
speaker_heading: NED
text: It burns.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: See. That'll teach ya. Here, sip
dialog: this.
text: And he offers the kid his whiskey.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Fay comes out of the house and looks for her son.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Ned!
text: She comes out to the street and looks around.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Ned!
scene_heading: EXT. VICKY'S HOUSE -- DAY
text: Fay comes up looking for Ned and sees...
text: Pearl, age fourteen, come out of Vicky's House. She is
text: fourteen years old now. Warren steps out the door and grabs
text: her by the arm. She shakes him off. He slaps her.
text: She runs down the steps and glares back at him.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (pointing at her)
dialog: I'm warning you, Pearl!
text: Pearl turns defiantly away and walks into the street.
scene_heading: INT. THE INFERNO -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Henry is teaching Ned how to tip a topless dancer. A dancer
text: stands on the bar and stretches her garter as Ned slips a
text: dollar bill in beneath it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: That's it. That's it. Perfect!
text: Some other guy down the bar is reading a newspaper...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Hey, Fool, it's about your friend --
dialog: what's his name. Your brother-in-
dialog: law.
text: Henry looks over. The guy, Bill, shows him the article.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (reading)
dialog: The controversial and reclusive
dialog: American poet Simon Grim has been
dialog: awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature.
dialog: The Swedish Academy, who will confer
dialog: the award late next week, praised Mr
dialog: Grim for works of great and difficult
dialog: striving, for the rendering of the
text: desperate, the ugly and the mundane
text: in a language packed with our shared
dialog: human frailties...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: God, they must be hard up for geniuses
dialog: to pin medals on because, listen, I
dialog: gotta tell you, when I first met
dialog: this guy he didn't even know what an
dialog: iambic pentameter was.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: He's a fraud.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Keep a lid on it, Bill, you're outta
dialog: your league.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Stir things up so as to stay in the
dialog: newspapers. That's his racket.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: He's a great American poet, you dumb
dialog: fuck!
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Poet, my ass! I could puke all over
dialog: a piece a loose leaf and be more
dialog: profound than he is!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Come over here and say that and I'll
dialog: cripple ya in three different ways,
dialog: you boozed-up Philistine!
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Henry!
text: Henry and Ned crouch and quiver -- caught. Fay strides up to
text: the bar and grabs the kid.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Listen, you degenerate, I've had
dialog: about enough of this!
dialog: (smells Ned's breath)
dialog: Ned, have you been drinking?
text: The kid checks with Henry then looks back at Fay and nods.
text: Fay looks at her husband, outraged.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (explains)
text: His throat hurt from smoking.
text: Fay slaps him across the face -- hard -- and the place goes
text: quiet. Henry shakes his head clear and she pokes him in the
text: chest with her finger.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Henry, don't come home tonight! I'm
dialog: warning you! Don't come home at all!
dialog: Ever!
text: And she storms out with the kid. Henry snaps his jaw back
text: into place, then looks at Patty and Bill and shrugs. He knocks
text: back his drink and motions for another.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- NIGHT
dialog: Later (evening).
text: Henry staggers out of the back door of the Inferno and comes
text: across Mr Deng sitting against the wall of the store, watching
text: the basketball game on a small TV. World of Donuts vibrates
text: with loud music.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Who's winning?
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: Nobody.
text: Henry gestures to World of Donuts...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What's going on in there?
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: We gotta have rock 'n' roll shows
dialog: these days, Henry. The poetry readings
dialog: just don't pay the bills no more.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What did I tell you! It was just a
dialog: fad. I told you that! I told everyone!
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: Did you hear about Simon? It was on
dialog: the news today.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah yeah yeah. So what? A Nobel
dialog: Prize. Anybody can get one of them
dialog: these days. That's the problem, with
dialog: this world, Mr Deng... Nobody's got
dialog: any standards anymore. You seen Fay?
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: You better sleep in my office tonight,
dialog: Henry. She was very angry. You've
dialog: gotta let her cool off.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I can't sleep in there with that
dialog: racket!
speaker_heading: MR DENG
dialog: Suit yourself.
text: Henry considers his options, then...
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE -- NIGHT
text: The place is abandoned.
text: Henry comes in and, just as he is laying down to go to sleep
text: on an old couch, finds Pearl age fourteen.
text: She is hardened and disturbed, but frequently vulnerable and
text: scared; a troubled kid.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What are you doing here, Pearl?
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: You want some?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Some what?
text: Pearl comes towards him. He is kneeling with his face at her
text: crotch level when she reaches him. She holds out a bottle of
text: cheap rot-gut wine. Realizing, he takes it and drinks. He
text: winces.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Shit!
text: Pearl laughs and falls back onto the couch, her sweater
text: hanging off her shoulder and her skirt hiked up and displaying
text: her underwear.
text: Henry stands and searches for something to sit on.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: Come sit here.
text: She pats the couch beside her.
text: He comes over, eyeing her carefully and sits. He hands back
text: the bottle. She drinks, winces and sits staring at the flames.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: That's what my dad always says.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: (dead)
dialog: 'You want some?'
text: Henry looks away, uncomfortable. She slides her gaze over to
text: him, their eyes meet, and she pins him to the spot.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: People say you were once in jail for
dialog: having sex with a girl my age.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: That was a long time ago.
text: He gets up and stands at the window. Pearl age fourteen
text: watches him closely as she drinks, then...
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: You want some?
text: He looks over at her and she slides her coat off her shoulder.
text: Henry is sweating.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You oughta get outta here, Pearl.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: I was here first.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Go home.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: You go home.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Fine.
text: And he starts to leave. But Pearl sits up...
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: (scared)
dialog: Wait!
text: Henry stops and looks back at her.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: (hanging her head)
dialog: I can't go home.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: PEARL
text: He beat her up again.
text: Henry holds his head, tries to sober up. He looks around the
text: room, then focuses on the girl.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Warren beat up your mom?
text: Pearl stares at the floor. She glances over at him, then
text: back down at the bottle gripped in her hands. She nods.
text: Henry pauses, then comes across the room, lowering himself
text: tentatively to the couch.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Is she alright?
text: She says nothing for a moment, then...
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Do you think I'm pretty?
text: Henry lifts his hand and covers his face. He looks up at the
text: ceiling and sighs. He returns to Pearl...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Does she need help?
text: Pearl reaches over and grabs his thigh. Looking up at him,
text: with tears rolling down her face, she suggests...
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: I'll suck your cock if you kill him
dialog: for me.
text: Henry jumps away from her and Pearl throws herself down on
text: the couch, covering her face.
scene_heading: INT. VICKY'S HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Moments later.
text: Henry barges in and starts searching for...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Vicky! Vicky, it's Henry from across
dialog: the street! Vicky!
text: He runs through the house, checking the rooms. He throws
text: open the door to the bedroom and finds...
text: Vicky, sitting on the edge of the bed, smoking. She has a
text: black eye and a swollen cheek.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (taken back)
dialog: Vicky?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (standing)
dialog: What do you think you're doing, you
dialog: idiot!
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (off)
dialog: Hey!
text: Henry looks over and sees Warren stumble drunkenly out of
dialog: the bathroom. What are you doing in my house?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (to Vicky)
dialog: It's about Pearl.
text: Vicky looks troubled. She sits back down with a sigh.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Mind your own business, Henry.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: (shoves him)
dialog: Yeah, who the hell do you think you
dialog: are, anyway?
text: Henry falls back and looks at Vicky. She looks away.
text: Henry looks at Warren, pauses, then gives him a sharp, hard
dialog: shove.
text: Warren stands back against the wall, pauses, then erupts
dialog: into viciousness.
text: He grabs Henry and throws him violently down the hall, where
text: he hits the wall and collapses.
text: As Henry gets to his knees, Warren kicks him in the ribs.
text: Henry curls up and rolls out on to the kitchen floor. Warren
text: kicks him in the side of the head.
text: Vicky sits back down on the bed, covering her ears.
text: Warren beats the hell out of Henry, kicking him in the face
text: and ribs whenever he manages to get up on his hands and knees.
text: Henry crawls under the kitchen table for safety. Warren grabs
text: his feet and drags him out. As he is dragged across the floor,
text: Henry finds a screwdriver and grabs it. He rolls over on his
dialog: back as...
text: Warren lunges down at him again and...
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Ah.
text: Warren is stabbed in the heart.
text: Henry can't believe it.
text: Warren can't believe it. He stands there in the middle of
text: the kitchen, amazed, with the screwdriver sticking out of
text: his chest.
text: Henry, semi-conscious and severely beaten, falls against the
text: back door and coughs up a few of his teeth. Vicky steps into
text: the hall from her room and shudders.
text: Warren sits at the table, stunned. He looks from the
text: screwdriver to Vicky, then...
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Fuck.
text: He falls to the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS -- NIGHT
text: Henry staggers away, limping. He comes to the intersection
text: at the end of the block and doesn't know which way to run.
text: Panicked, he looks round, holding his arm to his chest. He
text: runs towards the highway.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION -- NIGHT
dialog: Later.
text: Fay is wired beyond belief. Trying to listen attentively,
text: but still too overwhelmed to maintain her concentration.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: (off)
dialog: It is true your husband served seven
dialog: years in prison for statutory rape.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Yes. It is.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: And when was that?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: That was... I dunno. Fifteen...
dialog: Sixteen years ago.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: And when were you married?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: We were married seven years ago.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Were you aware at all of the victim's
dialog: relationship with his daughter?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Pardon me?
speaker_heading: LAWYER
text: The girl, the daughter, Pearl. She
dialog: had been having sexual relations
text: with her father.
text: Fay is overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I didn't know that. No.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Pearl claims she offered your husband
dialog: sexual favors if he would kill her
dialog: father.
text: Fay just looks at him blankly, overwhelmed, confused. She
text: starts to cry quietly.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: I'm just repeating what she said,
text: Mrs Fool. The victim's wife, Vicky,
dialog: claims your husband broke into the
text: house and forcefully entered her
dialog: bedroom.
text: Fay trembles and catches her breath trying to take this all
text: in. A cop hands her some tissues. She takes them and tries
text: to concentrate on what the lawyer says.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Fay, I know this isn't easy. But we
dialog: need your help here. The girl claims
dialog: she asked your husband to kill her
dialog: father in exchange for, well, I guess
dialog: the promise of sexual relations with
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION CORRIDOR -- NIGHT
dialog: Later.
text: Fay staggers out into the noisy corridor and rests against
text: the wall. Looking down the hall she sees...
text: Pearl and Vicky, sitting in a blank, brightly lit room beyond
text: a glass door.
text: Fay comes closer and looks in at them.
text: They don't see her. They stare at the floor before them,
text: dazed and confused.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
dialog: Morning.
text: Fay is lying on her bed with her coat still on, trying to
text: think. Ned stands by the side of the bed, watching her.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Where's Dad?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I don't know, honey. Leave me alone
dialog: a minute, I gotta think.
text: He picks at the bedspread and looks at the ceiling, then...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: What!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Is Dad in trouble?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Yes, Ned, he is. He's in big trouble.
dialog: Now just be quiet for two minutes.
text: He walks around to the other side of the bed and waits a
dialog: moment before...
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: I'm warning you, Ned.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Mom, can I be a mailman when I grow
dialog: up?
text: Fay sits up, pauses and studies her son.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: Sure you can, honey. You can be
dialog: anything you want.
text: Ned is happy to hear this. He shuffles out of the room and
text: Fay falls back on the bed.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE KITCHEN -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Ned comes into the kitchen and digs through the drawers
text: beneath the sink. He finds an envelope. He reads the return
dialog: address: Chelsea Hotel, New York City.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY -- DAY
text: Ned approaches the subway station and climbs the stairs to
dialog: the platform.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY PLATFORM -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Ned runs up the stairs to the elevated platform just as a
text: train pulls into the station. He runs down a few cars and
text: hops in as the doors slide open.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN -- DAY
text: Ned rides the train to New York City.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY STOP -- DAY
text: Twenty minutes later.
text: He comes up out of the subway on to the street, looks around.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY -- DAY
text: He comes into the hotel and rings an annoying buzzer which
text: brings out the concierge, who is in his little office,
text: watching TV.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Yeah, what do you want?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: My uncle.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Simon Grim.
text: The concierge looks through his book as Ned waits.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: There ain't no one here by that name.
text: Ned pulls the envelope from his pocket, unfolds it and shows
text: it to the concierge.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Room 423.
text: The concierge studies the envelope and hands it back.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: This is post marked five years ago.
text: Disappointed, Ned takes back the envelope and stands looking
text: at his sneakers.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: What does he look like?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hopeless)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Sorry, kid. Can't help ya.
text: Ned steps away from the front desk and moves towards the
text: door. But then he stops and looks back at...
text: The concierge, sitting back in his office, returning his
text: attention to the TV set.
text: The boy heads for the elevator.
text: The concierge looks up and sees him.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: (jumping up)
dialog: Hey!
text: Ned checks his step and runs for the service stairs.
text: The concierge goes after him.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL STAIRCASE -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Ned runs up the stairs, the concierge in pursuit.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Ned jumps out into the hall, narrowly escaping the clutches
text: of the concierge, who falls to the floor.
text: Ned runs up the hall, checking the room numbers as the
text: concierge gets to his feet. He finds...
dialog: Room 423.
text: He knocks.
text: The concierge strides up the hall towards him.
text: Ned knocks again.
text: The concierge bears down upon him.
text: He knocks again and...
text: The door opens a crack, held by its safety chain. A female
text: figure in silhouette is at the narrow gap.
text: Ned looks from the door to the concierge approaching.
text: The concierge arrives and reaches out for him, but the door
text: opens wide and Ned dives in.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM 423 -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: The concierge stands in the hallway. The door swings shut in
text: his face.
text: Ned kneels on the floor of the hotel room, waiting to be
dialog: smacked, or something.
text: But when nothing happens, he opens his eyes and looks back
text: over his shoulder at...
text: Laura, the secretary from the publishing house. She is dressed
text: for travel and has her coat hung over her arm, a suitcase in
text: her hand. She smiles at him, then looks from the boy to
text: someone across the room and...
text: Ned follows her gaze to find...
text: Simon, standing there before him, a suitcase in his hand as
text: well. He looks down at Ned with a calm, intrigued expression.
text: The boy looks up at him in awe.
text: Simon steps forward, pauses, then...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Get up off your knees.
text: He does.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: A taxi pulls up. Simon and Ned climb out and Laura leans out
text: of the window.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Promise me you'll be on that plane
dialog: at seven, Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'll see you in Stockholm.
text: They kiss. The taxi pulls away. Simon comes down beside Ned,
text: takes the boy by the shoulders and whispers in his ear.
text: The kid takes off.
text: Simon looks over at World of Donuts and sees Gnoc waiting
text: there at the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND WORLD OF DONUTS -- DAY
text: Gnoc leads Simon out through the kitchen. A band is seen
text: doing a sound check, inside.
text: Buñuel and Hawkes are waiting there, looking concerned.
text: Simon gives Buñuel his passport.
text: Buñuel nods and leaves.
text: Hawkes and Gnoc open the cellar doors.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD OF DONUTS BASEMENT -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Simon is lead down the stairs and stops. He looks on in horror
dialog: at...
text: Henry, lying on a makeshift bed, badly beaten up and weak.
text: Mr Deng is wrapping his chest in bandages.
text: Simon pauses, then comes closer. He reaches out and touches
text: Henry's shoulder, standing there looking down at his friend.
text: Henry looks up at him, pauses and then gestures vaguely with
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Look, Simon, the world's a scary
dialog: place. I admit it. But it's not my
dialog: fault. I swear!
text: Simon thinks about this and looks away.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'm sorry, Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Don't be. You had things to do.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: So did you.
text: Henry thinks about that, sighs and looks away.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
text: Fay packs up the many books of the 'Confession' into one of
text: the old suitcases Henry first came to town with. She slams
text: it shut.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GRIM HOUSE -- DAY
text: Ned runs along the street and stops at the police car. He
text: points down the street with great urgency. The cops jump in
text: their cars and take off. He then looks over at...
text: Fay, leaving the house with Henry's suitcase.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD OF DONUTS BACK ALLEY -- DAY
dialog: Same time.
text: Buñuel backs his car into the alley behind World of Donuts.
text: Stepping out of the car he hands Simon back the passport.
text: Simon checks it and then looks up to see...
text: Father Hawkes and Mr Deng helping Henry outside. Coming out
text: into the daylight, he straightens up and manages to walk on
text: his own. He motions Ned over and leans down to the kid with
dialog: difficulty.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Gotta light?
text: Ned does. He has his own Zippo lighter and he proudly lights
text: his dad's cigarette.
text: Henry smokes, hugs Ned, then leans back and pauses. Finally...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Take care of your mom and don't start
dialog: trouble you can't finish.
text: Ned nods and Henry pats him on the shoulder. Then he stands
text: before Fay and looks at his feet. With her arms folded across
text: her chest and her hip cocked, she taps her foot impatiently
text: and waits for his last line of crap.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I love you, Fay.
speaker_heading: FAY
dialog: (rolls her eyes)
dialog: Yeah, well, tough.
text: But then she looks at him and softens. He leans in and kisses
text: her passionately on the mouth.
text: Moments later, they all help Henry into Buñuel's car and
text: Simon gets in behind the wheel. The doors slam shut and Simon
text: steers the car slowly up the alley. Henry gazes out at Fay
text: running along beside the car with the rest of the
text: neighborhood, some of them laughing, some of them crying...
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT TERMINAL -- DAY
text: Simon pulls up at the curb and jumps out. He helps Henry
text: climb out and together they enter the terminal.
scene_heading: INT. AIRLINE TICKET COUNTER -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Henry steps up.
scene_heading: AIRLINE TICKET CLERK
dialog: Passport and ticket, please.
text: Henry hands them over. He glances back at...
text: Simon, waiting.
text: The clerk compares Henry to the picture in the passport,
dialog: checks again, then...
scene_heading: AIRLINE TICKET CLERK
dialog: (recognizes)
dialog: It's an honor to meet you, Mr Grim.
dialog: Really. I mean, God. Congratulations
dialog: on the Nobel Prize.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: AIRLINE TICKET CLERK
dialog: I know all your work by heart. It
dialog: changed my life.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah, well. Look, thanks, but..
scene_heading: AIRLINE TICKET CLERK
dialog: Yes. Of course.
text: She types something more into the computer, then looks up
text: urgently.
scene_heading: AIRLINE TICKET CLERK
dialog: You'll have to hurry, sir. They're
dialog: holding the plane for you on the
dialog: runway.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT GATE -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: Airline representatives come rushing up with walkie-talkies
text: to meet Henry and Simon as they run through the terminal.
speaker_heading: AIRLINE REP #1
dialog: This way, please, this way! This
dialog: way, Mr Grim! This way! Excuse me!
text: As they are ushered up towards the gate, Henry stops and
text: looks off at the security guards and ground crew waiting for
text: him, certain they can spot him as a wanted criminal.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (shoves him)
dialog: Go on.
text: Henry is ushered through security. They take his ticket and
text: check his passport again. They take his suitcase and place
text: it on the conveyor belt. He passes through the metal detector.
text: They pass the metal detector wand over him and he stands
text: there with his hands outstretched, as...
text: Simon waits and watches.
text: The suitcase rolls out from the x-ray machine and as Henry
text: grabs it, he stops and looks across the security checkpoint
dialog: at...
text: Simon, standing there. He steps forward anxiously.
text: Henry lingers, speechless, but the airline representatives
dialog: are at his side...
speaker_heading: AIRLINE REP
dialog: Mr Grim, please, the plane is waiting!
dialog: We have to hurry!
text: They drag him away, but Henry looks back as...
text: Simon stops and watches.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT RUNWAY -- DAY
text: Moments later.
text: The plane is waiting out on the asphalt and the airline
text: representative runs straight for it, calling back over her
dialog: shoulder to Henry...
speaker_heading: AIRLINE REP
dialog: This way, Mr Grim! This way!
text: Runway technicians rush to their positions, but Henry hangs
text: back and struggles across the tarmac, looking back over his
dialog: shoulder at...
text: Simon, behind the huge plate glass window of the terminal.
text: He stops and waits.
text: Simon raises his hand in farewell and...
text: Henry raises his in reply.
text: Then Simon, unheard behind the gigantic glass wall, silent
text: amongst the roar of the runway, says...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (unheard)
dialog: Run.
text: And Henry understands. He lowers his hand, waits just a
text: moment, then turns and looks out at...
text: The airplane. The airline representative is shouting at him
text: from the foot of the stairs and waving him on with her walkie-
dialog: talkie.
text: He glances back once more at Simon. Then...
text: Henry is running, struggling towards us, forcing himself
text: towards the plane, getting stronger and running faster with
text: every step he takes.
text: CUT TO BLACK
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
