speaker_heading: HER SMELL
dialog: by
dialog: Alex Ross Perry
dialog: April 15th 2018 draft
dialog: Author’s note/these quotes do not appear in the movie
dialog: “Axl is like a magnet for problems. I’ve never met anybody like
dialog: him. He’s the kind of guy that would get a toothbrush stuck down
dialog: his throat because that particular toothbrush happened to be
dialog: defective. I mean, shit goes on with that guy.” - Slash
dialog: "You've been ruining my life since I met you." - Blake
text: Schwarzenbach, during Jawbreaker's break up.
dialog: Bow+tArrow Entertainment
dialog: Faliro House
speaker_heading: INTERLUDE #1 (5 YEARS AGO
scene_heading: GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Becky, Mari and Ali are
text: laughing, happy, young, giddy and supportive. All reaching
text: aggressively for a copy of SPIN MAGAZINE, tearing it in
text: excitement, laughing, smiling. The camera zooms in on it.
text: You see the cover: the three of them are on it. Headline
text: reads: “SOMETHING SHE. Back and ready to conquer.”
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What have we here? Oh just some
dialog: bullshit magazine.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: There's the infamous Becky Something,
dialog: Ali van der Wolff and the craggy witch
text: Marielle Hell. Back and ready to
dialog: conquor.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Major label corporate whores! Sell out
dialog: bitches get on the cover of magazines!
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh, is that me?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Would you sign out magazine for us
dialog: please?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: That’s me. On my magazine cover. We
dialog: look pretty cool.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It’s pretty fuckin’ cool.
text: Beaming, laughing, smiling. Not the good times: Great Times.
scene_heading: ACT ONE: BLUE&GREEN/STEADICAM (The Present)
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. THE VENUE, BEHIND THE STAGE - NIGHT 1
text: This is a story that hums like neon and moves like
text: electricity and reverberates like an echo. Lights flash:
text: disorienting, rhythmic and eerie. They bring with them
text: cheering (all female voices). The strobing lights slow down
text: enough to illuminate three Hard Women.
text: They stand in a battle-ready position, bathed in different
text: color lights from every direction, blinking on/off. An
text: electric haze of mismatched bulbs, signs, spotlights,
text: reflections consolidated into a haze of color.
text: The crowd’s chanting is rising and rising.
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: BECKY. BECKY. BECKY. BECKY.
text: Center: BECKY SOMETHING. Peroxide blonde, smeared everything
text: on her face from the preceding hour of show. Sweaty hair
text: smashed to forehead. Glitter all over her face.
text: Becky Something is a rock goddess nearing the end of her
text: reign at the top. You can see in her glassy half-gone eyes
text: that Becky is doped up.
text: Becky ticks her head back and forth in rhythm to people
text: chanting her name, closes her eyes, really digs it, throws up
text: a pair of middle fingers to the ladies flanking her.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (under breath, quietly)
dialog: I always flirt with death.
text: On one side: MARIELLE HELL. Bass. (Mari, casually.) Mari is
text: super chill, dark, mysterious, smoking, half the mess that
text: Becky is and with none of the hang ups. The long term
text: relationship with her girlfriend is proof that she can
text: succeed as a fun time drug user rock star where Becky cannot.
text: The other side: ALI VAN DER WOLFF. Drums. Dependable, sane,
text: sober. Ali keeps the rhythm and the band on track. She
text: handles business while Mari and Becky are using. Ali is fun,
text: devoid of her partners darkness and perpetually has that joy
text: denied her by the sinking ship she is stuck on, with no life
dialog: preserver.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: (under breath/half-
dialog: singing)
dialog: I always flirt with death.
text: The crowd still chants and when the fever pitch has been
text: reached, Becky, Ali and Mari storm the stage to cheers.
text: Encore time at last. Becky steps into the spotlight, a halo
text: forming around her from the bright hair.
text: All three have fans blowing their hair, adding to the
text: dramatic effect. Behind them is a banner with the band’s name
text: and logo: SOMETHING SHE.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, THE STAGE — CONTINUOUS 2
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: It’s not over. No. I’m not fuckin’
dialog: finished. You know this one.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: You love it. You want it. I always
dialog: flirt with death!
dialog: (singing, no backup)
dialog: I always flirt with death.
text: I look ill but I don’t care about it.
text: Becky looks to Ali and Mari, Ali gives a drumstick countdown.
text: Becky takes it from the top. Rough, raw and beautiful:
text: grinding rock sung with feminine aggression. Crowd goes nuts.
dialog: (It is ‘Another Girl, Another Planet’ by The Only Ones.)
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I always flirt with death
dialog: I look ill but I don’t care about it
dialog: I can face your threats and stand up
text: Straight and tall and shout about it
dialog: I think I’m on another world with you
dialog: With you.
dialog: I’m on another planet with you
dialog: You get under my skin
dialog: I don’t find it irritating
dialog: You always play to win
dialog: But I won’t need rehabilitating oh no
dialog: I think I’m on another world with you
dialog: With you
dialog: I’m on another planet with you.
text: Another girl. Another planet.
text: Another girl. Another planet.
text: Becky’s drugged out/stage adrenaline euphoria is a thing to
text: behold as she sings, snarls and wails on her guitar. Mari
text: looks cool as anything, cigarette dangling as she plays bass.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Space travel’s in my blood
dialog: There ain’t nothing I can do about it
dialog: Long journeys wear me out
dialog: But I don’t care anything about it.
dialog: I think I’m on another world with you
dialog: With you
dialog: I’m on another planet with you.
dialog: Another girl, who’se loving you now?
dialog: Another planet, is holding you down.
dialog: Another planet.
dialog: Here, on stage, you see the extent to which Becky fancies
dialog: herself a god. Not a rock god(dess) but an actual,
text: untouchable, invincible god.
dialog: 4.
text: Becky is way lost in her illusions but the band sounds great.
text: She holds it together when get sloppy and she misses a note
dialog: or word here or there.
text: The song ends and Becky drops her guitar. Screeching feedback
text: wails as the crowd goes nuts and she stumbles, dizzy and
text: headsick, off the stage banging into things and colliding
text: with the wall and twirling. (Feedback continues....)
scene_heading: THE VENUE, BACKSTAGE - CONTINUOUS 3
text: Follow from behind as Becky stumbles down a long, fluorescent
text: lit corridor with humming and buzzing lights everywhere and
text: the ringing of feedback and crowd sounds fading slowly,
text: though the feedback lingers because it’s in her head too.
text: Becky is light headed from a combination of exhaustion, a
text: head rush, adrenaline all augmented with dope. KAT, an
text: assistant, appears from nowhere to give her water and a towel
text: to wipe face and sweat. She uses it to half deliberately
text: smear her makeup even further. Becky gives no fucks.
dialog: You see the way the silent assistant treats Becky: eggshells
text: at all times. Becky throws the towel at Kat as Mari catches
text: up, gives them a knowing nod and flicks her cigarette away.
text: Kat is gone like a whisp of smoke as Mari and Becky duck into
text: a dressing room that says ‘SOMETHING SHE’ on the door and
text: close it mostly, open just a crack.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I am a free woman. No more fuckin’
dialog: tour.
dialog: (ref: Wayne’s World)
dialog: Party time!
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Excellent!
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Right this way my pretty.
text: Ali catches up to the door and looks in the crack, watching
text: her bandmates pour booze and remove little foil packages of
text: drugs. Ali brushes her own sweaty hair back as Kat reappears
text: with a bottle of water. Clean living Ali.
text: Kat is now also holding a baby of like 1 1/2. She stands next
text: to Ali and peers into the door crack as well. Ali looks away
text: from the door to Kat, at the baby, full of agonizing sadness
dialog: for the life Becky has created for it.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Sorry, Kat. I'll take her. Did she
dialog: eat?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: An hour ago.
text: Ali holds Becky's baby, lovingly, tenderly.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Hello baby. Mommy’s busy right now so
dialog: aunt Ali’s gonna play with you.
text: Kat hands over some forms, paperwork.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: The venue needs these signed.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I’ll handle it.
text: Ali sticks an arm out and Kat wedges them under. Ali walks
text: with the baby to the next dressing room down.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, ALI’S DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 4
text: Ali catches her reflection in the mirror and puts down the
text: paperwork. It’s clear that the sight of herself holding a
text: baby gives her a rise and she holds for a moment. It’s a
text: quiet lull before Hurricane Becky storms in just as Ali
text: starts to sign the official forms on behalf of the band.
text: Ali sees Becky come in to this room via the mirror and now
text: Becky is twice as gauzy as before and has a half crazy half
text: disoriented look on her face as she goes right for the baby.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: There's my little princess Tama. Momma
dialog: missed you. Momma missed you!
text: Ali instinctually hesitates, holds the baby away which makes
text: Becky give her a confused, lost look but then it passes and
text: Ali hands the baby to Becky, who deeply loves her. Becky
text: holds Tama, kisses her, but Becky herself is such a sloppy
text: looking mess that as Ali steps back to watch it, there’s
text: something painfully tragic and hopeless about this messed up
text: Madonna and child tableau that Ali wants to scream.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
text: There she is, the princess. Danny
dialog: brought her?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I don’t know. Kat had her.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Danny’s not here?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Haven't seen him.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Did he not see the show and is Ya-Ema
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Beck. C’mon. I don’t know.
dialog: Becky is mile a minute. Ali has to keep up. Here’s the
dialog: pattern with Becky: she has next to no idea about the world
text: around her, her awareness is dim and nothing gets through.
text: Kat enters. Nervous, always ready to be yelled at.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: There you are.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Here the fuck am I but where’s Danny’s
dialog: where’s Ya-Ema?
speaker_heading: KAT
text: Danny’s saying goodbye to people. Ali
dialog: has forms the venue wanted sign-
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: And was she with him?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: She was.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (to nobody)
dialog: I want her away from my kid.
dialog: (as if a new girlfriend is worse than this squalor.)
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now is he gonna come pick her up
dialog: tonight or am I supposed to or what’s
dialog: happening because we have that thing
dialog: tomorrow so he’ll have to come pick
text: her up first thing in the AY-EM.
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Ya-Ema! You here? Show yourself!
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I assumed you worked it out with him.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: That’s not true. That’s not true. I
dialog: hadn’t worked it out. That’s not true.
text: An imposing, strikingly handsome black man appears in the
text: room. He is YA-EMA, Becky’s shaman/spiritual guru of
text: indistinct beliefs. He is dressed in mystical ways: a big
text: amulet around his neck, some sort of a curious hat.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ya-Ema, darling! Becky need guidance.
speaker_heading: YA-EMA
dialog: (nodding, confident)
text: Dymoke prepares.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (to Ali)
dialog: Time to exit this realm for a spell.
dialog: If you see anything you identify as a
dialog: pollutant to the energy of this space
dialog: our mortal husks occupy let us KNOW so
dialog: we can purge it while we have all the
dialog: tools and the KNOW HOW to save us. Ya-
dialog: Ema onward! C’mere Tama.
text: They exit, Ya-Ema and Ali giving a distrusting look. Becky
text: isn’t making sense, obviously, and the casualness with which
text: she carries Tama makes Ali and Kat really nervous.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What’s his deal?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: She calls him Ya-Ema but I think his
dialog: real name is Alvin. We call him
dialog: Sauron.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, BECKY’S DRESSING ROOM - THAT SAME MOMENT 5
text: Becky has Tama down in a chair and is at the mirror, looking
dialog: at herself with total satisfaction. Not a ‘what am I doing
dialog: messed up on drugs while I have my baby?’ moment. Becky half
text: wipes and makes messier-therefor-cooler her makeup. Glitter
text: in her hair and everything now. Pretty rad look, actually.
text: Behind her, Ya-Ema’s helper DYMOKE has arranged the making of
text: a seance with burning things, a pot of some witch-like
dialog: origin, crystals, potions, things to drink. The works. The
dialog: origin of their beliefs are vague. Voodoo? Zulu? Flim flam.
dialog: 8.
text: Becky sits and we have a pause, a lull for an eternal three
text: seconds. Ya-Ema holds out a hand to her.
speaker_heading: YA-EMA
dialog: The item?
text: Becky produces a photograph and an item of jewelry. Ya-Ema
text: hands them to Dymoke who places them at the center of the
dialog: ceremonial table. This shit is weird. Dymoke rubs some sort
text: of powder on the objects and lights candles around them.
speaker_heading: DYMOKE
dialog: We purge the essence of invasive
dialog: forces from this place.
text: Becky closes her eyes and takes Ya-Ema’s hand. She buys
text: whatever this is 110%. She is focused and at peace. This
text: peace is ruined by a knock/enter which stirs her and in walks
text: DANNY and a young pretty girl named TIFFANY.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What’s she DOING here, can’t you see
dialog: this is a fucking religious ceremony
dialog: and you have to respect that?
text: Danny doesn’t respect or buy Ya-Ema at all. He ignores him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Good show tonight.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You're a liar. You didn’t see it.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Don’t call people liars, Becky, unless
dialog: you know they're lying.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I’m sorry was anybody speaking to you
dialog: Lil’ Miss Tiff-a-knee? Tiffany.
dialog: Tiffany! I can’t believe you're
dialog: raising our daughter around a woman
text: named Tiffany. Tiff-ant the pissant.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: You’re an angel.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: True. It’s all true!
dialog: (sticks tongue out, makes
dialog: a thhhhhp noise)
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Can you excuse us?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Excuse us, Tiff.
text: Tiffany looks at the seance table. She picks up the
text: photograph and holds it: it is of her.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: The fuck...where did you get these?
speaker_heading: DYMOKE
dialog: Ya-Ema requested items to envision the
dialog: purity of people whose auras we must
dialog: to investigate before Mistress Becky
text: allows them around the child.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (to Danny)
dialog: Is this for real?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (hemming and hawing)
dialog: ...it’s important that she feel safe
dialog: when Tama is with us. That’s all.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: So you put a curse on me?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: We didn’t curse you yet and we
dialog: probably won't unless Ya-Ema sees
dialog: something in the smoke that you he
dialog: doesn’t like.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: This is sick. You’re sick.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That’s not helping. Just - can you
dialog: just - give us a minute.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (like a game show host)
dialog: Gooooooccodbye Tiffaneeeeee!
text: Tiffany exits swiftly, super angry, and Becky throws a fist
text: full of snacks at the wall behind her.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Don’t be such a cunt, Beck.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: C-U-N-T! Everyone’s accusing me!
dialog: (to the tune of the
scene_heading: Ramones “D-U-M-B /
dialog: Everyone’s accusing me”
dialog: from ‘Pinhead’)
text: Danny goes to Tama, rubs her head lovingly and lowers by her
text: side. Becky is way zonked and getting tired. The rush of
text: finishing a show and the rush of drugs after finishing a show
text: winds down. Ya-Ema and Dymoke sit like statues, watching,
text: quietly.
text: Ya-Ema nods once. This is all you can get from him.
speaker_heading: DYMOKE
dialog: We must resume the ritual.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah we must so what can we do ya for,
dialog: Dan-O?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I wanted you to see her. It shouldn’t
dialog: be this difficult.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Why would I want to see Tiffany? Yuck!
dialog: (barfing noises)
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: See your child. Unless you’d rather
dialog: walk out on her, too. In which case-
text: Becky bumbles to Tama. Danny lifts her before Becky arrives.
speaker_heading: DANNY (CONT'D)
dialog: How can you let yourself be like this
dialog: around her?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (real loopy)
dialog: Listen man I’m working and you'd said
dialog: Tuesday not Friday which so how am I
dialog: supposed to keep track if you keep
dialog: changing your mind?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I thought you’d want to see her before
dialog: going to Europe.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You-rup I-rup we all rup for Eu-rope.
dialog: 11.
text: Becky is moving around, taking off accessories and pieces of
text: theatricality from the show. She doesn’t hold still at all as
text: she kicks off boots, de layers sweaty dirty clothing. Within
text: a minute of this quite serious conversation, she’s down to a
text: bra, necklaces, tight pants. Ya-Ema and Dymoke respect her
text: rituals and face forward, completely unmoving from the
text: direction of the table.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh. I forgot. You’re not going to
dialog: Europe. Did you know that?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Of course I knew.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You didn’t act like I was wrong when I
dialog: said it.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I was testing you there’s no European
dialog: tour I’d know if there was.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You would?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Because I’d have packed a bag which as
dialog: you can see clearly I have not.
text: Becky motions to an area on the floor that, to her total
text: confusion and surprise, does contain a packed bag.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoooooa. What’s that!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You’re a mess.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: No you’re a mess. No you’re a mess.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Okay Becky.
text: Instead of engaging, Becky has begun reapplying her makeup in
text: the mirror because with the show over, she is on her way to
dialog: the after party all night.
text: Mari enters, nearly as buzzed as Becky but not quite. At
text: least, she wears it better. Her girlfriend, LAUREN, is with
text: her and she looks incredibly stylish in a non rock n roll
text: way. More slick. They are wrapped around one another.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Danny boy.
dialog: (singing)
text: The pipes the pipes are calling. From
text: glenn to glenn and down the mountain
dialog: siiiiiide.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Mari. You seem...well.
text: He is wryly joking because she is all fucked up too. But her
text: outfit (changed from the show, ready to party) and general
text: demeanor are sharper and more hip than messy Becky.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We ready to rock?
text: Becky has put on a ‘clean’ top (stained/tattered) and is
text: doing something to her hair which could be called abuse.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Laurie baby! We just finished rocking.
dialog: Rocking and a rolling! The only
dialog: problem is I did not get to visit the
dialog: other place with Ya-Ema because ol’
dialog: Dan-O came in and interrupted my
dialog: spiritual journey it was postponed so
dialog: we've still got that to tend to
dialog: because you know that I’m not myself
dialog: if I don’t get a moment to visit other
dialog: realities where the fuck is my
dialog: lighter.
text: Danny hurts to see this. He holds Tama close. Becky is barely
dialog: present on this plane of reality right now.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to Mari)
dialog: Why would you let her do this?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Not the fuckin’ baby sitter, mate.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Why? Why? B-E-C-K-Whyyyy? Because I
dialog: gotta!
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Hey man don’t discriminate against
dialog: whatever gives people spiritual
dialog: balance. That’s like f-f-fucked up.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Hello exactly!
dialog: 13.
text: Becky hi-fives Dymoke. Ya-Ema leaves her hanging for a second
text: before giving a reluctant hi-five. Mari slides for a hi-five.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You'll hate yourself forever if you
dialog: miss these years with her.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Heavy shit, Dirtbag Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nobody calls me that anymore.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (mock radio DJ voice)
dialog: This is the Night Show with DJ Dirtbag
dialog: Danny, playing all the dirty nasty
dialog: rock you can only hear after dark!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Becky. Becky?
text: Mari goes to Becky to show off/examine something secret in
text: Mari’s little drug carrying pouch. Danny, disgusted by this
text: affront to responsibility, takes Tama and exits the dressing
text: room and we follow him. Lauren is ice cold when he looks to
text: her for some support or validation. She shrugs, blankly.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, CORRIDOR —- CONTINUOUS 6
text: Danny walks down the corridor looking for Tiffany. The door
text: to Ali’s dressing room is open. He sticks his head in.
text: Ali is doing her balanced post show ritual: washing her face
text: with scrub, drinking a warm herbal tea and other treatments
text: for a quality exhausting life. She too has changed from her
text: show outfit to something more sloppy and casual, but still
text: very cool and stylish. The forms are signed and neatly back
text: in their folder, which Kat is exiting with as Danny lands.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hey.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, ALI’‘S DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 7
text: Danny lingers in the door.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You seen Tiffany?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Just you, Danny boy.
dialog: 14.
text: Danny steps in, carrying stress and negativity with his body.
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: You shouldn’t come around and see her
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What choice do I have? I’m the loser
text: who always crawls back.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Twice she fired me from this tour and
dialog: forgot about it the next morning. We
text: all crawl back.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How much does she pay the shaman?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We’re not sure. In all likelihood, the
dialog: answer would upset you and me both.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How’s business?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Euro tour’s cancelled. But I guess you
dialog: already knew that. They’re opening the
dialog: vaults for an EP or something.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She’s gonna fuck this up for all of
dialog: us. It doesn’t end well.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Don’t be so negative, dude. What’s it
dialog: about? You need cash?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Tama needs more than I can give. Becky
dialog: has to take responsibility.
text: They share a brief, quiet moment. Ali looks at Tama, who she
text: really does love. Her hand reaches out slowly.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: May I?
text: Danny offers Tama to Ali, the opposite of protecting her
dialog: around Becky.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: Howard might cancel the dates we’re
dialog: holding for the new record. He knows
dialog: we're not ready.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: It means I hope you’ve got a plan B to
dialog: put this one in private school.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She in breech? Do I need to talk to
dialog: somebody?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Our lawyer's got it all sorted. I
dialog: dunno. No one’s really expecting much
text: of her at this point.
text: Ali sits down with Tama. Weary, from the show and cradles
text: Tama’s head, lovingly. Danny gets close, and the two of them,
text: holding Tama, it’s almost like a portrait of an actual
dialog: functional family.
text: Ali catches Danny looking at her and thinking this very
text: thought. Her look lets on a lot: before Becky, Ali and Danny
text: were involved. There’s a linger here. Ali breaks away.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She handed me my walking papers and
dialog: seven months later hands me Tama. Ever
dialog: since then my life’s been a nightmare.
dialog: In some ways.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Um, wow. Heavy, man. My fault. I
dialog: thought you two would be a match made
dialog: in heaven.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Don’t listen to me. I shouldn't be
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: DJ Dirtbag Danny used to roll hard.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Don’t desire being a damn dirtbag come
dialog: forty. I’m putting down roots for my
dialog: daughter. I bought WABK for her
dialog: future.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: They're opening the vaults for an EP
dialog: or something. Sorry, did I say that
dialog: already? Because you know, a contract
dialog: is a contract?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: ‘Lies’ is deeply underrated.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You used to love her.
text: Becky enters, forcefully. It’s obvious that in the interval,
text: she took another hit of something strong and unnecessary to
text: repair her lagging energy. She isn’t doing so well with
text: standing up straight and is giddy, light headed and daffy.
text: She looks at Tama like Tama is the devil.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I want her out of here.
text: Danny sort of blocks her from getting to Tama.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey get the fuck outta my way.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Christ Beck, don’t talk like that.
dialog: What’s got into you?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: She has to go. She has to go now.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You can’t be serious.
text: Dymoke and Ya-Ema enter, obviously having had to chase Becky.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: We saw it in the smoke. ‘The child
dialog: will be your downfall.’ Tell them, Ya-
dialog: Ema. TELL THEM WHAT YOU SAW!!
text: She is shrieking. Ya-Ema looks afraid, like he has lost
text: control of Becky. He looks at Danny with calm eyes.
speaker_heading: YA-EMA
dialog: I did not decree this.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You did you did you did you did! You
dialog: saw a prophecy and when we were in the
dialog: Other Place you told me that the child
dialog: will be my downfall so we've got a lit
dialog: stick a’ dyn-O-MITE that needs tossing
text: out the tank.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: This is your child you're talking
dialog: about. Please. Be reasonable.
text: Becky grabs for Tama and Danny sees the fear and insanity in
text: her eyes. It’s nutty. He protects Tama.
speaker_heading: DANNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can we take a minute? Ya-Emu, calm her
dialog: down somehow? Do whatever it is you
dialog: do.
text: Ya-Ema and Dymoke come to Becky, apprehensive, but it’s clear
text: she trusts them. They hold her head. She closes her eyes and
text: falls back into their arms. They carry her to the couch and
text: lay her down. There’s silence, and people wonder if the worst
text: is over. Calm for a moment.
speaker_heading: DYMOKE
dialog: Mistress Becky! Look at my Ting.
text: Becky looks at his amulet and then breaths deep and slowly.
speaker_heading: DYMOKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell us what you see.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I see The Void of Eternity.
speaker_heading: YA-EMA
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: Ammmmmm nahhhhhhh.
dialog: Ammmmmm nahhhhhbhh.
text: Becky opens her eyes and sits up. It’s insane: like she is a
text: different person. Still messed up but fear of Tama is gone.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (to Tama)
dialog: Hello baby. Mommy missed you.
text: Danny looks at Becky like she is dangerous. He doesn’t know
text: how to proceed dealing with her right now. He tries normal.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Ali said you're doing an EP instead of
dialog: a full record.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah who knows I mean it might not
dialog: even happen. Like it probably won't
dialog: work out or anything even though some
dialog: of the ‘92 sessions we dug up are
dialog: powerful and maybe a track or two from
dialog: earlier that I’d forgotten.
text: Becky pulls Ali down into her lap. Her energy is all over the
text: place and totally toxic to Danny and Ali. Ya-Ema and Dymoke
text: are in a trance, as if trying to control Becky’s mind.
text: Enter HOWARD GOODMAN, the manager, (50). His life is defined
text: by trying to stay afloat and stay one step ahead.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Howard. How-ard you tonight? Good show
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: They love you. And I love that they
dialog: love you. Danny. What’s happening?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Holding it together. You wouldn’t
dialog: understand.
text: Sarcasm. They both sort of nod like, yeah, right, ha ha.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
text: Becky, Zelda is waiting.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Ah fuck it I forgot. What’s that bitch
dialog: want?
text: Mari and Lauren enter.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Easy now.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Stuck up holier than thou too good for
dialog: it all wench.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Why don’t you tell us how you really
dialog: feel?
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah whatever what does she want?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Express regards. Cheer. Celebratory
dialog: remarks? She said you were great
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Did she come only with fucking obvious
dialog: things I already know or what of
dialog: course I was great I’m always great so
dialog: don’t be late.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I believe I saw her with an olive
dialog: branch. Would I lead you astray?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (rolling her eyes)
dialog: Nooooo Howarrrrd you wouldn't.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Do it for me. She’s not lying. You
dialog: were great tonight.
text: Becky looks to Ya-Ema and Dymoke for consultation.
speaker_heading: DYMOKE
text: She brings negativity.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You see! What is Zelda E. Zekial
dialog: coming and doing here anyways coming
dialog: backstage at our show when where I am
dialog: spending qual-ah-tee time with my
dialog: family and demand an audience?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Chill out with that, okay girl?
dialog: Zelda's alright.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Okay FINE I’ve decided to go. Where is
dialog: she Howard, and while we’re on the
dialog: topic can you please tell me are we
dialog: doing those recordings at R-Trax like
dialog: last time because I can’t get a
dialog: straight answer on the matter.
text: Becky prances about triumphantly when saying this last part.
text: The room is cramped: Ali, Mari, Lauren, Becky, Danny, Tama,
dialog: Howard.
dialog: 20.
text: All obstacles for Becky to shimmy around and out of the room.
text: Everybody follows her like the Pied Piper except Ya-Ema and
dialog: Dymoke, who we leave behind for now.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Of course. Anything you need.
text: Becky throws her arm around Howard as they exit the room.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, CORRIDOR —- CONTINUOUS 8
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: That’s because you understand me don’t
dialog: you! I can’t count on anybody cah-rist
dialog: what kind of world is this where we
dialog: don’t even have the straight
dialog: information about whether or not we
dialog: are like making an album nobody is
dialog: helping me write or some E fucking P
dialog: with just I don’t know, an acoustic
dialog: guitar? Can somebody please help Dear
dialog: Howard and give me an answer and
dialog: please make it an honest one!
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Let’s say hello to Zelda and I’11
dialog: confirm this while you’re with her.
text: She's excited to see everybody.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: We're all going? Why didn’t you say
dialog: so! I don’t wanna do it alone. To me,
dialog: my X-Women!
text: Becky leads Mari (sort of digging this) and Ali (dying
text: inside) down the corridor. Lauren follows. Howard stops a
text: ways back with Danny. Stay with them as the ladies walk away.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: To your right then on the left.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: To the right and to the left and to
text: the right and to the left...
text: Howard, Danny and Tama. Quiet after a whirlwind. Deep breath.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I wish I had your patience.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I’m a communicator. I communicate.
dialog: How’s she doing?
dialog: 21.
text: He lovingly pats Tama.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Good. She’s good.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: How're you doing?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: She turned her back and walked away
dialog: ninety nine times. I need an even
dialog: hundred. You ever have a bad habit you
dialog: just can’t quit?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: No. But hey: you know who does?
text: They both laugh. A sad, tender moment between the men who
text: suffer for Becky. Howard’s eyes are full of empathy.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Anything I can do?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Help her. That’1ll help me.
text: Howard looks down the hall at where Zelda’s room is.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I’m trying. I’m always trying.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, GREEN ROOM - THAT SAME MOMENT 9
text: Becky, Ali and Mari burst into a room with snacks and
text: whatnot. In it is ZELDA E. ZEKIAL, smoking, looking cool and
text: fashionable. She faces down the three amigos in the door
text: (Lauren hangs back just a little). Becky enters dancing,
text: annoyingly singing a song. Mari claps for the beat.
text: Zelda is in with the cool crowd, the art crowd. (Like Kate
text: Bush/St. Vincent/PJ Harvey.) Her hair is outrageous and
text: exciting and her makeup is glam. Becky resents her deeply.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (clapping)
dialog: Miss Ezekial don’t get no bones...
dialog: Ezekial don’t got no tones...
dialog: And here’s the word of the lord.
dialog: Well the finger bones connected to the
dialog: hand bone
dialog: (middle fingers up, Mari
dialog: joins in singing now)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
text: The hand bone’s connected to the fuck
dialog: bone
dialog: The fuck bone’s connected to the butt
dialog: bone.
dialog: (Becky aggressively rubs
text: her butt on and around
dialog: Zelda's head/shoulders. )
dialog: And that’s the turd of the lord.
text: Zelda brushes Becky’s butt away and fixes her awesome hair.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Great show, Beck.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Easy for you to say from the comfort
dialog: of that chair.
text: Zelda looks down, bummed that this is going to be one of
dialog: “those” Becky conversations.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Ladies. Brilliant work.
text: Ali gives Zelda a friendly hug/air kiss hello. Mari gives her
text: a much more intimate kiss. They were briefly a thing.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Hey there babe.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Zee Zee. Sweetie. This is Lauren, my
dialog: love.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: You're a beauty.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: C’mon. Mari’s told me all about you.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I CAN JUST GO if you all want some
dialog: alone time.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Hey, chill.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I agree let’s all of us just take it
dialog: down a notch and take stock of the
dialog: situation.
text: Becky sits, mockingly overly proper and business like.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Zelda darling what to do we owe the
dialog: pleasure of your visitation?
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: You guys are killers. The new shit for
dialog: myself.
text: Zelda is cool as a cucumber and cold as ice. Drags her
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: What’d ya think?
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: I’m green with envy.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Thanks, doll.
text: Becky jumps up and starts rummaging around the snack area and
text: lightly stuffing her face.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Howard said that you guys are almost
dialog: wrapping this one up--
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah I don’t know. Whatever. I’m not
dialog: really feeling the stage life right
dialog: now, ya get me? I dunno why do you
dialog: ask.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: (eyes at Mari and Ali)
dialog: I've got a string of dates coming up.
dialog: Want to see if guys would be
dialog: interested in joining.
text: Pregnant pause. Becky freezes. Mari and Ali brace for impact.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Um I dunno Z-grade. What, you mean
dialog: like opening act for you? Hardly makes
dialog: sense don’t ya think? What is this,
dialog: six years ago? Oh wait if it was six
dialog: years ago you’d be opening for M. E.
dialog: me and you’de be trying to run off
dialog: with this one.
text: Points to Mari. No shame. Becky is buzzing about like a
text: nervous bird, touching everything and moving things around.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: When are the dates?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What are the dates?
text: Becky pauses. She nearly chokes on rage and sadness. She
text: takes a short, Becky-sized moment to regain herself.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: How about a simple ‘no thanks’ and
dialog: also thanks for the gesture of coming
dialog: here to personally bitch slap us in
dialog: all our faces. Nah. We do rock music
dialog: to rock people and didn’t I hear that
dialog: on your last record didn’t even have
dialog: any guitars??
dialog: (mock snoring noises)
text: Zelda stands, graceful and elegant, and takes a tiny bird
text: like bite of the snacks Becky has made a mess of.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: End of the winter. March ish.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Don’t fuckin’ talk to her. Don’t even
dialog: look at her. Here’s an idea. How about
dialog: you march-ish right out of the room
dialog: into your limousine and take that
dialog: fuckin’ offer with you? We need a
dialog: break, not a tour. I mean, we just
dialog: finished this one like an hour ago so
dialog: who'se interested in another tour not
dialog: me that’s who.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: You brought me on my first tour, Beck,
dialog: and I'll never forget it. I’m not your
dialog: enemy. I never was despite what you
dialog: thought happened at that festival
dialog: thing. You gonna make me beg to get
dialog: you to bury the hatchet?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Uh your music used to be awesome and
dialog: now it sucks so I don’t want to tour
dialog: with you and now you’ve come to bury
dialog: me. I speak for everybody when I say
dialog: that there is zero interest in
dialog: retreading the past which includes
dialog: your fabled tour.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m trying to move for-ward here, not
dialog: backwards and that means I don’t wanna
dialog: slip down your bill. Don’t you have
dialog: like the next generation of pansy art
dialog: rock babes dying to share your light
dialog: so why don’t you ask one a’ them. My
dialog: answer is no and where I go they go.
text: Motioning to Ali and Mari, both mortified, silent and sad.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I should go.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Stay PUH-lease I feel like we’re done
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: (wry, smiling)
dialog: You're one of a kind, Beck.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You got that right, a true original,
dialog: stick to your guns and your roots and
dialog: never buy into the BS just the Becky
dialog: Something, that’s what I always say. P-
dialog: U-R-E spells Becky and PEE-YOU spells
dialog: Zelda.
text: Zelda cannot process the aggravation, having come here to do
text: something nice and have it thrown back at her so angrily.
text: Howard appears with an optimistic smile on his face.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: So! Do we have a deal?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Howard how could you? I trusted you
dialog: and you set me up!
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I thought you might feel this way but
dialog: hear us out.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: It’s not what you’re thinking. It’s
dialog: not clubs. It’s theaters. An intimate--
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: BORING. Pass!
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: I’m sorry that---
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh my god if you aren’t going to leave
dialog: I will. I have an interrupted journey
dialog: to complete and by the way you’re all
dialog: being incredibly rude to Ya-Ema and
dialog: the spiritual calm he requires.
dialog: (to Howard)
dialog: I am not done with you. You’re in big
dialog: trouble.
text: Becky storms out. The room takes a moment to catch it’s
dialog: breath. Don’t shit talk the hand that feeds you.
text: Ali looks back at the door where Becky exited. Zelda is
text: perceptive, deceptively so. Sly, eyes narrowing.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: “Having fun in Beckytown.”
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Whatever could you mean?
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Say it. Cut the “B.S.”
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: There’s nothing.
text: Ali wants to stay. Mari takes comfort in Lauren’s hands.
text: Howard looks a little disappointed, but not really.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Who’se Ya-Ema?
speaker_heading: ALI
text: Sauron, the all seeing guru.
text: Mari and Lauren smile. They are fascinated by Becky’s weird
dialog: relationship with Ya-Ema.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: I’ll go.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I...think that might be for the best?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I’m so sorry. Worth a shot, though?
dialog: Maybe we take another swing when she’s
dialog: not so...so...I can’t find the word.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Door’s open and I’m all ears. You used
dialog: to pack places twice this size. What
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Canceling tours twice at the last
text: minute has untested side effects.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: I wouldn’t know.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It’ll be fine.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: And if it isn’t?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It’ll be fine.
text: Zelda studies them. She is very sharp, respectable and
text: impeccable. The scuzziness of this place, this level of filth
text: and revelry is years behind her. She looks at Mari and Ali
text: like abused children, afraid to speak out.
text: Zelda puts on her very nice jacket and a stylish hat.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: If you change your mind---
text: Becky bursts back into the room like Kramer. She has had
text: another hit of whatever she is on and is all wired up and now
text: has Tama with her. Danny and Tiffany trail behind, panicked.
text: Ya-Ema and Dymoke are there as well.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Holy smoking crap you’re still here?
text: Zelda has left zee building. Take a
dialog: hint! The Legend of Zelda A Stink to
dialog: the Ass must come to an E-N-D if you
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: I’m leaving. Don’t overreact.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I hardly think I’m overreacting just
dialog: normal react.
text: She is wired, unwell, fraying at all edges. Like a bee,
dialog: buzzing around and you couldn’t swat her if you tried.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, Zelda, baby, like excuse me
dialog: for being so fuckin’ naive but how
dialog: dare you invade this space?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: It was entirely my idea. Don’t blame
dialog: her.
text: Becky motions to Ya-Ema and Dymoke, cleansing the air with
text: some sort of burning reed, purifying the room for her.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: I’m leaving. Peel it the fuck down.
text: Zelda makes for the exit, waving away Ya-Ema’s smoke. She and
text: Mari exchange an intimate look. A little silent side story
text: plays out with Zelda saying bye to Mari, Ali and Howard while
text: Danny and Becky engage on the other side of the room.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Let me take her.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What no. Get away from me? Dymoke
dialog: needs to purify her weren’t you
dialog: listening?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You shouldn’t be holding her in the
dialog: state you’re in.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What state is that Dan-O? The state of
dialog: rage or the state of New York I don’t
dialog: know where I am anymore you dumb
dialog: fuckin’ clown, ha ha!
text: She tries to hold Tama away and moves from Danny but trips
text: and falls, forward, managing to spin quickly landing on her
text: back, Tama up in the air.
text: People rush in, freaking out. Becky is on the ground laughing
text: and holding Tama.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wheee that was a fun ride! You wanna
dialog: go on another sky ride? With mommy!
text: Danny grabs Tama. Becky refuses to let go but he gets her.
text: Tiffany puts her arm around Danny, protective.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dude chill I’ve got this.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Get off her you fucking mess.
text: There’s black rage in his eyes. He’s finished playing nice.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I think we need to leave.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Perhaps we should all retreat to our
dialog: separate rooms for a bit?
text: Becky starts rolling on the floor, slowly slinking up, arms
text: and limbs clumsily draped over the furniture, like a crab.
text: She reaches for Tama and falls again, at Howard, Mari and
text: Ali's feet. They all look afraid and upset.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What you two suddenly have nothing to
dialog: say? Just watching the show. Ha ha
dialog: you're doing a better job of it than
dialog: playing in it that’s for sure. Oh look
dialog: at me running my mouth but let’s not
dialog: say anything we might regret later.
dialog: Hey maybe if you run you can catch up
dialog: with Zel-duhhh. She can have you.
dialog: She's easy and boring and no fun isn’t
dialog: that what you want?
text: Mari has been hurting watching this. She and Ali look down at
text: Becky with lumps in their throats. This pains them, a lot.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Don’t. Not now. Not with us.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Don’t what? Be awesome and show people
dialog: a G-O-O-D time?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Cone on. Please.
text: Becky stumbles trying to grab Tama. Ya-Ema holds her up.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Tough job but somebody's gotta do it
dialog: and I gotta get out of here. I gotta
text: go to Becky’s room. It stinks of Zelda
dialog: shit. So I bid you adeiu and hibbida
dialog: hibbida that’s all folks!
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 30.
text: She snatches Tama from a shocked Danny and then pushes him,
text: park bench style, over a chair and he falls to the ground
text: while she scurries off. This is all happening so fast.
text: She exits. The room is empty of aggression. Just silent,
text: shocked faces of people who want so badly to care about her.
text: Ya-Ema and Tiffany help Danny up.
text: Seconds pass. It’s very few seconds but after what’s just
text: happened, it feels like a lot. Time stands still, dissolves
text: allude to the collapsing of real time and we see, in slow
text: motion, the devastation wrought by Becky. Hurt feelings,
text: smashed stuff. Seconds pass like hours in silence.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I just want to play music in a band.
text: It breaks the tension. People smile and just as there is
text: laughter again, the crying of Tama off in the distance sets
text: them all on high alert. Danny springs into action.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, CORRIDOR —- CONTINUOUS 10
text: Follow Danny running like mad. Behind him, Ali and Mari,
text: Lauren, Howard, Tiffany, Ya-Ema and Dymoke. Danny knocks a
text: chair that is in his way. Kat comes back out of the hallway
text: when she hears the commotion and joins.
text: Follow Danny into Becky’s dressing room, his perspective, to
dialog: reveal:
scene_heading: THE VENUE, BECKY’S DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 11
text: Becky is on the ground, vomit in front of her face and on her
text: mouth. Bloody forehead. Tama is on the floor crying,
text: screaming.
text: It’s not clear exactly what happened and it doesn’t matter.
text: Danny holds Tama close (Tama is crying: wailing) as Ali and
text: Mari drop to their knees, right in the vomit, prop Becky up,
text: start shaking her, throwing water on her. Her eyes flutter.
text: Fingers into Becky’s throat. Nothing happens. Becky is limp.
text: Looks are quickly exchanged. Howard runs in, says nothing.
text: Mari and Ali are breaking out in sweat. Dymoke is quickly
text: mixing some potion in a thistle and rubs it on Becky’s neck.
text: Ya-Ema begins to chant, slowly, deep, otherworldly.
speaker_heading: YA-EMA
dialog: Innnn-connn-immmm
text: Tama is still crying and crying.
dialog: 31.
text: Ali rips off her vomit covered shirt and props it under
text: Becky’s head, grabs a coke mirror and puts it under her nose
text: to see if she is breathing. Dymoke’s hands are in the way,
text: spreading his elixir on her chest.
speaker_heading: YA-EMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Innnn-connn-immmm
text: Tama is still crying and crying and crying.
text: Becky's eyes flutter faster. She vomits some more onto Ali’s
text: hands and struggles to open her eyes, to breath, and doesn’t
text: even try to hold her head up.
speaker_heading: YA-EMA (CONT'D)
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: Innnn-connn-immmm
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Come back Becky. Don’t do this again.
text: Becky locks eyes with everybody around her, cradled on the
text: floor like an invalid covered in puke and blood. Silence.
text: Pausing. Breathing that rises and falls. Anxiety everywhere.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: (garbled, mouth full of
dialog: puke and mucus)
dialog: We go way beyond.
text: Tama’s crying echoes through all of this and it’s awful.
scene_heading: END OF ACT ONE.
scene_heading: INTERLUDE #2 (4 YEARS BEFORE ACT 1)
dialog: 
scene_heading: GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Becky/Mari/Ali. Full of
dialog: positivity, excitement, happiness. The contrast of what we
text: just saw is shocking. They are holding framed platinum
text: records for their second album BABY I’M SICK.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We could get at least a hundred bucks
dialog: for these.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: The first and only girl rock band to
dialog: sell this many records. I'd like to
dialog: say!
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Two hundred! Nah I'll keep it. First
dialog: and last.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 12
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: The well of inspiration has run-a dry!
dialog: Never gonna make a record this good
dialog: again. Good as gold!
text: They all keep laughing. Becky clumsily drops the framed
text: record, breaking the glass. She loses it, starts laughing
text: hysterically. Mari and Ali follow.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh shit! We’re never gonna make a
dialog: record this good again.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Howard! We need a new one.
scene_heading: ACT TWO: YELLOW & ORANGE/DOLLY TRACKING SHOTS/ZOOMS
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO 12
text: Golden, yellowish brown lights buzz bask this past it’s prime
text: studio in a ancient haze of wood and history. The place is
text: laden with signs of the amount of time Becky has spent here
text: in the sprawling, open ended eight months of recording that
dialog: have gone poorly.
text: Tapestries hang over crystals and other items from Ya-Ema,
text: shitty candles, no fewer than twenty packed ash trays. The
text: place is capital D Dingy and Becky the decrepit centerpiece.
text: Becky is wearing scarves and a threadbare t shirt with one
text: sleeve nearly gone tucked into skin tight pants. She’d look
text: iconically cool if she wasn’t so tragic. Her messy ponytail
text: is a caked with grease, a heart barrette in her hair, her
text: skin is bad and she feels 1,000% like a goddess.
text: She poorly makes feeble attempts to strum an acoustic guitar
text: and sing a weak sounding half finished song. Warbling, barely
text: making notes and words find one another.
text: (the song is called Pulled Down and has been written by
dialog: Alicia Bognanno/aka Bully)
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You rotted away
dialog: Left to your own mistakes
dialog: I never wanted to be the crutch for you
dialog: I’m falling behind
dialog: With every word you break
dialog: I meant to try and piece it back for you
dialog: And I’m back to the same shit I was
text: Drowning in mud
dialog: If I’m gonna be pulled down
dialog: I’m taking you with
dialog: 13
dialog: 33.
text: The whole scene is rocky as we pan to the side and see Mari
text: and Ali. They are behind glass in the booth with Howard and
text: the distanced hush shows off the tension.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO MIXING BOOTH 13
text: Silently, Ali, Mari and Howard watch Becky, smoke a cigarette
text: or two of their own and recognize how dead end this feels.
text: They are holding one another in a protective, loving embrace.
text: KEITH the engineer mutes her and though Becky still plays,
text: half assed, they turn so she cannot see and quietly talk,
text: like Bowman and Poole keeping secrets from HAL9000 in 2001.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I finally understand why you begged me
dialog: to stop checking in.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Fuckin’ bummer. Told you you
dialog: shouldn’ta come back.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I had to see for myself who was
dialog: occupying this studio I stopped paying
dialog: for. Did they not give you the memo?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Becky decided to pay for it. Shoulda
dialog: told you. But didn’t want to. Out of
dialog: respect, I guess.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Isn’t that nice of her. I have this
dialog: room booked for my new group but it’s
text: not yet vacated.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: So that’s why you came back.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Did they not tell you you had to
dialog: leave?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: They did.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: And what did they say?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I'd rather not repeat it.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: If this is the best she has to show
dialog: after nine months I’m very screwed.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: To be fair, it’s nine next week so we
dialog: still have time to pray for a third
dialog: trimester disaster.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I know you’re out on a limb big time
dialog: for us with on this record.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Laid off staff to cover overages?
dialog: Mortgage on my beach house? I’m not on
text: a limb, I’m lying on the ground next
dialog: to the damn tree.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I didn’t know that. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Releasing their new album this year
dialog: would help cover your mess.
text: Interrupted by Becky, pounding on the window looking mean,
text: nasty. Throughout, her voice is muted. Sound proofing.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What is this. Talk and tea time? Are
dialog: we doing a session or a goddamn book
dialog: club jesus christ am I the only one
dialog: here who cares about the work we’re
dialog: doing?
text: Mari looks right at her but speaks under her breath.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: This is the first day in two weeks she
dialog: stayed for longer than an hour.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: And also she came at two.
dialog: (Howard checks his watch)
dialog: A.M. We've been here. She’s in a self
dialog: proclaimed groove.
text: Howard notices how tired and bleary eyed they are and the
text: massive amount of coffee cups, tea pots and drugs.
text: Becky storms into the booth, fuming, nostrils flaring and
text: dripping snot and moisture. Mari and Ali finally detach.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: Show a’ hands, who is committed to
dialog: greatness and will do whatever it
dialog: takes to achieve greatness and show of
dialog: hands who is lazy and doesn’t care
dialog: about this music that we are
dialog: recording?
text: (she raises her hand with
dialog: vigor)
dialog: That’s one for greatness. Anyone else?
text: Keith sheepishly raises his hand.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: THANK you Keith, nice to know someone
dialog: is on my side, the winning side and we
dialog: all know who writes history. You all
dialog: can go home and take a nap or
dialog: something now that your level of
dialog: dedication is exposed. Right Howard?
dialog: Did you come to check up on your
dialog: prized project? Thank you for giving
dialog: us space lately but I gotta tell you
dialog: I’m sorry but things are going
dialog: terribly, at best.
text: Speechless reactions. Becky is super messed up, sweating,
text: barely coherent, blind to it all. All four just stare at her.
text: A quiet pause as we zero in on Becky: see and feel with quiet
text: dignity the lack of understanding behind her bright blue
text: eyes, the smoke screen of delusion which she hides behind.
dialog: Slow motion. Linger...there is nothing but truth and honesty
text: on her tired face. She believes every word she says and when
text: we see Mari, Ali, Howard and Keith, the extent of pity and
text: sadness for Becky transmits off them. It’s a small moment
text: that becomes a big moment without announcing itself.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: There’s a solution to this. I need to
dialog: figure out what it is. Let’s take a
dialog: step back and think for a second.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: That is a graaaand idea. Why can’t
dialog: you two be team players like Howard!
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Give it a rest lady. The show's
dialog: exhausting and I’ve seen it too many
dialog: times to stick for the finale.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Sorry what. What did you say.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: She said---
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh I heard her but I just wanna make
dialog: sure I heard it correct-lee. Ali
dialog: darling. Care to take it one more time
dialog: from the top with feeling see vous
dialog: play?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Look at yourself.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Easy now.
text: Becky does just that in the glass window reflection and it’s
text: obvious she loves what she sees. She blows herself a kiss.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Would Becky Something wither and die
dialog: if she interacted on an adult level?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Let’s not. Let’s be calm. Let’s
dialog: withdraw to somewhere neutral place
dialog: and talk compromises.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: BORING. Bore snore.
text: Ali grabs a coat, brushes past Becky with a final icy dagger
text: stare. Howard is chin-in-palm, in agony, losing everything
text: because he isn’t thinking fast enough.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: WELL the least you could make some
dialog: sort of grand final statement right?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I took care of this band while you
dialog: took care of yourself. I never asked
dialog: to be thanked. I never wanted the
dialog: gloss. That was your thing. You
dialog: plucked me into it. So why should I
dialog: explain myself when you’re just going
dialog: to remember your version.
text: She kisses her fingers and makes a ‘peace’ sign.
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 37.
text: Ali gives the briefest pause on her exit, to Howard, then
text: Mari, not expecting her to follow, but to say with her eyes
text: ‘that’s that.’ Mari half opens her mouth like she is going to
text: say something but doesn’t because Ali is already gone.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: It’s just as Ya-Ema prophesized!
dialog: Ha ha, what a fitting moment just when
dialog: I was seriously doubting your
dialog: commitment. I mean it’s been a rotten
dialog: year stuck carrying this mongoloid to
dialog: term but today was the final straw and
dialog: I knew it when I walked in the d-o-o-
dialog: r. I felt the fetid stink in the
dialog: elevator. Biggggg whoop. Want to see
dialog: how quickly we bounce back? Watch me.
dialog: I’m Ali now.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO - CONTINUOUS 14
text: She storms back into the studio and bangs on the drums with
text: no rhythm. It’s a cacophonous mess and just dreadful noise
text: and Becky is screaming over the banging. It’s godawful and
text: she grabs her guitar, strums with one hand and smashes a
text: cymbal with the other and screeches into a mic.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (voice of Old Prospector)
dialog: Keith hit record we’ve struck gold!
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO MIXING BOOTH 15
text: Howard is mortified about the collapse of a profitable act as
text: Mari chokes back lumps of emotion because she is tethered to
text: this sinking ship. Move in tight on her face as Becky’s noise
text: becomes even worse. It’s all happening for Mari now. Ali is
dialog: gone. This is rock bottom.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (0.C.)
dialog: I'm so fucked. The next band’s going
dialog: to show up any minute. You shoulda
dialog: told me you were still here. I need
dialog: time to think.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Hey don’t just leave me here---
text: (his talking fades out)
text: Follow Mari out into the hallway and then the ladies room.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO, LADIES ROOM - CONTINUOUS 16
text: It’s grim and dirty because only the band uses it. Mari takes
text: a small hit of her own drugs, a few pills, and pauses, not to
text: the mirror, just by the sink area. It’s all crashing down.
text: This is ending and she knows it more than she feared.
text: Time gets wobbly. Slow motion/hazy dissolves. Stay with Mari
dialog: and feel her studying the years of her life which have been
text: invested in this band. She is stoned and lapses into a memory
text: tunnel. Sounds that aren’t there can be heard, echoing from
text: the back of her memory. It’s woozy.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 17
text: Mari comes out into the hallway. Something is off. The lights
text: are different than before and all seems quiet. Not a sound at
text: all. Mari seems confused. Then she hears girlish chatting
text: echoing down the hall, hollow and chipper.
text: She follows it and drifts back into the mixing room.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO MIXING BOOTH - CONTINUOUS 18
text: An unexplained element: a trio of younger, raw girls.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Uh---
text: This girls are all younger than 25. The next generation. They
scene_heading: are THE AKERGIRLS: DOTTIE 0.Z., CRASSY CASSIE and ROXIE
text: ROTTEN. They are all cool as anything and stripped down
text: somehow stylish even beyond what Becky and co. could ever
dialog: imagine. Greasy hair, boys clothes, either no makeup at all
dialog: or a ton and it’s really styled. They run the gamut. Dottie
text: has pink hair. Roxie washes hers once a month. Cassie’s is
text: styled and really well cut, shaggy, simple.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Marielle Hell. Fuckin’ fuck what an
dialog: honor.
text: The Akergirls bow, take hands like the witches they are and
text: surround Mari, who is slow and perplexed. After they break
text: off, Dottie and Roxie stay holding hands, embracing.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Mari’s fine.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: We’re booked. I mean, we were booked
dialog: here. Like, Howard said--
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I heard. It’s just a whole nightmare
dialog: right now.
text: She looks through the glass: in the studio Becky is banging
text: on silly instruments, plastic toys: lit up and glazed down.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Are you kidding, we only want this
dialog: place because you guys record here.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: Shameful to say it’s an honor to be
dialog: bumped by Something She. Like, the
dialog: top. I’m rambling. Sorry, nerves!
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It’s alright. But uh, this is a
dialog: terrible time. We’re down a woman and,
dialog: um, this is all going, like, the worst
dialog: it’s ever gone.
text: She looks around. Keith seems to be managing the schedule.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
dialog: Keith, where’s Howard?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Back office. Might wanna check on
dialog: him. He doesn’t look good and I
dialog: think he’s dry heaving.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: See, exactly. Not to get too deep but
dialog: shit’s like, falling apart big time
dialog: now so maybe actually we move out and
dialog: you girlies take over.
text: She’s losing them. The Akergirls are transfixed, watching
text: Becky, somehow having pulled it together and singing a song
text: with acoustic guitar.
text: All watch for a moment and just briefly, through the POV of
dialog: the Akergirls, you see the attraction to Becky: she is
text: brilliant and powerful. The song is ‘Because You’re Young’ by
dialog: Cock Sparrer.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Because you're young, you're torn between
dialog: A world of hate and a world of dreams
dialog: So much to lose, so much to gain
dialog: So much to fight for, so much to change
dialog: You don't look back, you don't look down
dialog: You gotta turn everything around
dialog: You live your life like a loaded gun
dialog: Because you're young
dialog: Stop talking back, get off the phone
dialog: You're late again,
dialog: you missed the last bus home
dialog: This ain't the way you want to live
dialog: I know something's got to give
text: (song continues over the next bit of dialogue)
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: Fuck man. She’s the queen.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I wouldn’t let her hear you say that.
dialog: Does she already know you’re here?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Unclear.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: So I don’t know if she’s going to be
dialog: into that. The behavior around here is
dialog: shall we say erratic lately. Erratic
dialog: on a good day.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: On a bad day?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: They’re all bad days nowadays.
text: Howard enters, pale and chomping antacid tablets. He tries
dialog: not to let anybody see: he wants to make a solution happen.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Seems we've got a logjam!
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I can see that.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: We're all family here, right? Business
dialog: family. One big happy business family.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: If there’s some probl--
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Nonsense. No problem at all!
dialog: Everything's fine. We record your
dialog: album. Release it. Everything will
dialog: work out. Easy as pie. Becky will
dialog: understand.
text: Roxie Rotten is still just watching Becky, who now looks up:
text: an animal at the zoo aware of being watched. Everybody
text: freezes because her playing stops. The lioness sees.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: I’d say she knows we’re here now.
text: Keith subtly turns off the recording. The room freezes as
text: people watch Becky slowly make the realization that she has
text: an audience. She stares them all down. One by one. Direct eye
text: contact. She speaks softly. Nobody can hear the words. Her
text: face is a mystery. No screaming, no smiling, just talking and
text: motioning to her instruments and pointing directly at Mari.
text: It’s almost dead silent.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Here she comes.
text: Becky stands up slowly in continued agonizing silence and
text: makes her way to the booth. She enters and faces this massive
text: crowd: Keith, Howard, Mari, Cassie, Dottie, Roxie. There’s an
text: unfamiliar look on her face, one Becky Something doesn’t
dialog: display very often. Absolute confusion and vulnerability. For
text: a rare moment, she is quiet. Nothing exits her mouth save for
text: tiny, nervous gasps of air.
text: Mari shakes her head slightly, making sure to convey that she
text: doesn’t know what’s going on and had nothing to do with it.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Who the fuck are these bitches?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: The Akergirls. Did I not send you
dialog: their seven inch? You’re gonna love
dialog: them. You’1l love them. I’ve, yeah,
dialog: I’ve signed them and now they-
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: We're not interrupting. No disrespect
dialog: Miss, uh Something.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
text: Huge fans.
dialog: 42.
text: They all do the circle thing around Becky who is still slow.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: As thrilling as it is to see your
dialog: passionate commitment, I was counting
text: on the studio being free by now.
dialog: Perhaps that’s my mistake. I haven't
dialog: exactly been around.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You cut us off. They tried to evict
dialog: me. Why would you do that to us?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: A misunderstanding! I was giving you
dialog: space and freedom without me breathing
dialog: down your neck. I did what I had to do
dialog: to tighten my belt. Can you blame me?
text: Everyone is calm, assuming Becky will explode.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (to Mari)
dialog: You know about this?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: We just showed. She had no idea.
dialog: Becky still thinks. We don’t ever see her think. She usually
text: acts without it. She takes it all in. Studies the girls.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Howard you fucking genius!
text: Becky lapses happily into the Akergirls witchy circle and
text: gently touches each of their faces.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: What are the odds. What are the ODDS
dialog: that we’d find ourselves one apple
dialog: short of a bushel and today of all
dialog: days you unknowingly bring a solution
dialog: to all the world’s problems. Who plays
dialog: drums?
text: Cassie raises her hand. Becky high fives it.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: The rest of you ready to jam? If I had
dialog: to guess I'd say we’re fifteen maybe
dialog: twenty minutes away from pure magic
dialog: exploding into this room and silly old
dialog: me lost a drummer on the way to
dialog: grandmother’s house. Here I thought
dialog: we'd have to scrap paper and go home
dialog: but what should happen instead? Three
dialog: witches come to my rescue. I mean just
dialog: look at all of you. You’re all so
text: beautiful. Stunning.
text: The Akergirls blush at Becky’s kindness. Their idol! Becky
text: touches all their hair and generally paws at them in a weird,
text: grope-y way. Mari stands back, still and silent and loopy.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: I’m Crassy Cassie. This is Dottie 0.2.
dialog: And Roxie Rotten. She’s the life of
dialog: the party and we’d be honored.
text: Becky looks at Roxie and Dottie, celebrating this minor
text: victory with a loving embrace. Becky studies it, dubious.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Cut the shit you’re making me feel a
dialog: hundred years old but god damn I just
dialog: feel a connection to you babes. Mari,
dialog: you feel that?
text: Mari is dead silent. Becky gives her a look, like: ‘are you
dialog: in or out?’ And Mari knows it’s now or never.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Yeah Beck. I feel it. I’ve been out
dialog: here feeling it for what feels like
dialog: ever waiting for you to feel it.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: That’s what I’m talking about. Howard
dialog: my Goodman. I’m ready to party and
dialog: make a album and I have been sent
dialog: angels to help me work the angels if
dialog: you dig. What better way to introduce
dialog: new blood into this turgid process
dialog: than actual new blood.
text: Becky bites Dottie on the neck, then bites Cassie.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s Bathory these bitches and learn
dialog: a thing or two about what kids are
dialog: feeling nowadays!
dialog: 44,
text: Dottie and Cassie rub their necks. Becky actually bit them
dialog: pretty damn hard.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Inward ho!
text: Becky commands them into the studio area. Howard holds Mari
dialog: and Becky back.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Keith, could you give us a minute?
text: Keith exits.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: It looks like I’m saving your asshole
dialog: and keeping this record right on
dialog: schedule. Don’t worry about
dialog: reimbursing me for the studio. It’s my
dialog: treat.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I can’t afford eight more months. I’11l
dialog: go bankrupt while you your “opus.” I’m
dialog: on my last credit line and you’re on
dialog: life number nine. These girls might be
dialog: our salvation so it’d be swell if you
dialog: didn’t torpedo them in the process of
dialog: drowning.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What is this, the scared straight
dialog: express? Howard, you confuse
dialog: torpedoing that I don’t know about
dialog: with making an album which if you’1l
dialog: excise me I’m quite eager to resume
text: before my juices dry up again.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (to Mari)
dialog: Can you make her aware?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What, do I need a translator? I got
text: it. Loud and clear and as ear on the
text: rear of a deer.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: We don’t have to do this. I mean, we
dialog: just met them. We can take a day to
dialog: regroup and call Ali--
dialog: 19
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Who?I don’t know anybody by that name.
dialog: Kind of a funny name isn’t it? ‘cept
dialog: for a Muslim.
text: Mari slaps Becky hard across the face. It’s silent again and
text: through the glass, the Akergirls notice and look in. Becky
text: smiles like a psychotic. Howard continues to suffer silently.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mari. My love. You have my attention.
text: Becky grabs Mari’s cheek and pinches it real hard and then
text: smacks her on the butt at the same time, holding her close.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: And I yours. Now is there something
dialog: you wanted to say or was that merely a
text: challenge to a duel.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: We don’t get another chance. If we
dialog: fuck this up...sorry...if you fuck
dialog: this up, it’s bye bye Something She.
dialog: You dig?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: That’s the short of it.
text: This is the first moment Becky doesn’t act like the Tazmanian
text: Devil. Not Becky Something. Rebecca Adamczyk. Clear eyed.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I’m going to finish this record. You
dialog: have my word cross my heart and hope
dialog: to die.
text: She transforms for six seconds. Just as quick her eyes switch
text: back: Becky Something returns and she skips into the studio
text: with the Akergirls. Mari and Howard eye one another.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO - CONTINUOUS 19
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: One two, skip to my lou. Three four,
text: skip to my door. Cows in the pasture,
dialog: two by two/Lost my drummer what’1l I
dialog: do?/I can get another as pretty as
dialog: you/skip to my lou my darling.
text: The Akergirls joined in and they all spin in a circle and
text: Becky claps and leads a forced sing a long.
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: AKERGIRLS
dialog: One two, skip to my lou....
dialog: (song continues in
dialog: background)
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO MIXING BOOTH 20
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: It’s over. That’s that. I trusted you
dialog: to be alone and you burned down the
dialog: house. I’m so sorry. I've tried
dialog: everything I can.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I'll sort it. The lioness saw
text: threatening cubs and forced ‘em into
dialog: the pride rather than kill and eat
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Can you handle her?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It’s been almost seven years. What’s
dialog: another seven days.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You’re one on one without Ali. I can’t
dialog: help you. But I need you.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I’ve got this, man.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You need your rocket fuel?
text: Mari looks into the studio. The sing a long is over and the
text: Akergirls bring in gear and Becky is ducking into a tent in
text: the corner, head down, and Mari knows what that means. It’s a
text: small/big moment on Mari, quiet, lingering.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I’m need all the help I can get.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO - CONTINUOUS 21
text: Follow Mari in. She surveys the room. The Akergirls are
text: unloading their bags of gear and tuning up a little and Mari
text: sees the tapestry tent of Becky’s corner rustling.
text: Mari joins. From afar the Akergirls see their feet under the
dialog: cloth and know the deal.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 47.
text: Show each of their faces, linger on the moment where they
text: should know better and split. They each give one another a
text: subtle look.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO, BECKY'S LITTLE TENT 22
text: Mari and Becky share a rare, quiet, intimate moment. We jump
dialog: back in here just after they’ve each had a little something
text: and they're both buzzing and ready to pop.
text: Becky is lighting a cigarette so the tent is lit via Zippo.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You okay to do this?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Any second now. I’1l be fine.
text: Mari gives Becky a look of extreme compassion and empathy.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: (half normal)
dialog: Give me a minute?
text: Mari exits. We stay with Becky. In silence, for a moment,
text: just a fleeting instant of adult awareness, that Becky
dialog: understands that this is it. There’s no chance after this.
text: Becky is still, starting to slip into a daze when her doubt
text: fades away and she lights up like a fire cracker, slams her
text: Zippo closed and storms out into the room.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO - CONTINUOUS 23
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Who's ready to do this shit!
text: The Akergirls are stoked, in a tizzy that so quickly they
text: have been welcomed to the inner sanctum. They are comfy.
dialog: Shoes off (sneakers/no socks/very cool boots). Ready to work.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Anything you say.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Easy there. Easy easy. It’s not as
dialog: simple as that. I’m comfortable in a
dialog: leadership role but let’s slide into
dialog: this hot spring.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: You want us to look at any sheets or
dialog: just follow along.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Whoa you chicks read music? Fuck what
dialog: a loser I am. There are some pieces
dialog: we've been playing with but wouldn’t
dialog: it make more sense for us to not rely
text: on table scraps and make a feast as a
dialog: new family instead?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: The album is written if that’s what
dialog: you all mean.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Let’s hit it? We’re here for you.
dialog: Whatever you need. Say the word.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Sure there is an album. There is some
dialog: music but maybe they’re the problem?
dialog: They’re cursed. Done to death. We need
dialog: the new sound. Show me what the kids
dialog: are doing.
text: Akergirls just look at one another.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: What, just play?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Could I have made myself any clearer
dialog: YES play. If we’re gonna be working
dialog: together lets see what you've got.
text: There’s tension. The Akergirls are afraid of being cast out
text: and feel Becky’s judgement lurking. They strap on guitars (no
text: bass), Cassie gets to the drums and they launch into a super
text: sweet sounding melodic screechy early 90s Riot Grrrl inspired
dialog: song you could dance to, and indeed Becky does dance. Cassie
text: sings from behind the drums while Roxie and Dottie bring
text: harmonies and backing on the chorus. It’s a fully
dialog: collaborative song.
text: (the song is called ‘Can't Wait’ and has been written by
dialog: Anika Pyle.)
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: AKERGIRLS
dialog: Sweet tooth let it consume you
dialog: You know you want to, you know you want to
dialog: But baby I can’t wait around for you
dialog: Tell me what you think you’re gonna do
dialog: You know that I’m still in love with you
dialog: But baby I can’t wait around for you
dialog: I keep comin’ round but you’re not home
dialog: I keep callin’ you won’t pick up the phone
dialog: Am I such a fool to assume
dialog: You think about me the way I think about you?
dialog: You say it could change for just fade away
dialog: But I feel the same have you fallen from grace?
dialog: Yeah I’m here today but I can’t wait around
dialog: Won’t wait around, can’t wait around for you
dialog: So tell me what you think you’re gonna do
dialog: You know that my love will always be true
dialog: But baby I can’t wait around for you
dialog: I can’t wait around, can’t wait around,
dialog: I can’t wait around, I can’t wait for you
dialog: Can’t wait around, I can’t wait,
dialog: Baby I can’t wait for you
dialog: Can’t wait around for you
text: It’s great and runs like 90 seconds. Tight, fast and lovely.
text: Becky dances like a maniac, bobbing her head like a
text: bobblehead. Mari is feeling it, tapping her leg.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: SMOKIN’! I love it. Love love love.
text: Becky kisses Dottie, Roxie and Cassie in the weird way they
text: are now used to. She is super affectionate and keeps her
text: hands all over them while throwing her body on theirs.
text: (IN THE BOOTH YOU SEE KEITH AND HOWARD, WATCHING, DIGGING IT)
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is what its about my sisters. Who
dialog: wrote it?
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: (pointing one by one)
dialog: Music, melody, lyrics.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: All of you? Brilliant. I’ve always
dialog: longed for that connection but for
dialog: some reason it never worked. I always
dialog: did it all. By. Myself.
dialog: 50.
text: Akergirls look at Mari, who doesn’t disagree but it’s clear
text: this credit hogging is a long time scab being picked at.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh sure Mari, your contributions have
dialog: been helpful. But I’m talking about a
dialog: ground up collaboration. I wish I
dialog: could give it to you now but I know
dialog: myself too well. Highway or her way.
dialog: (thumbs at herself)
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: We're here to jam. Back you up.
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: See, that’s what I need. Followers.
text: Silent peons to worship at my feet.
text: Mari is being beaten down silently. Becky is fully aware of
text: how much she is hurting her long time partner as she begins
text: to prowl about the recording studio, moving like a spider,
text: preparing to launch into a messy soliloquy.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ladies ladies, what harmony you have
dialog: found within one another! What spirit,
dialog: shared, divided three ways. Alas. The
dialog: rarest of things and not to be taken
dialog: lightly. Capture it, my sisters, hold
dialog: on to it and n-n-never release from
dialog: the bond you share.
text: Dottie and Roxie share a loving look. This all pains Mari.
text: Becky is showboating for the Akergirls and making her last
text: ally feel terrible. During Becky’s speech, we are on Mari’s
text: face as realization sets in.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Wise advise from a true original. Are
dialog: you fucking kidding me? I hope you
dialog: girlies don’t buy this bullshit. You
dialog: seem smart. Smarter than me, dumb ol’
dialog: Mari. Grade A sucker, bought it hook
dialog: line and sinker, fool me once, shame
dialog: shame shame.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Um sorry but what?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Who better than the great Becky
dialog: Something to dispel wisdom on the
dialog: value of others?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
dialog: Who does more to express appreciation
dialog: and dedication to those who support?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I support. It’s not a two-a-day two
dialog: way street darling.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: A dead end, darling.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Mari Mari Mari. Careful now. You’re
dialog: gonna offend our guests.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Sorry sorry sorry.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: We can leave? We don’t wanna be flies
dialog: on the wall. You sort this out alone.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Now you've done it. Alienating the
text: acolytes. Vanquish the venerating.
dialog: Exile the exuberant. This is a blessed
dialog: thing! The next. Hold them close, we
dialog: should. Not expel them from our midst.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: It’s not expulsion---
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Quiet, all! This is important.
speaker_heading: MARI
text: It always is. And then it’s not.
text: Mari is cool as ice, calm, chill, slick. Eyes half open, dead
text: tired of this. She keeps it together and begins to pace
text: about, gathering her things: packing a bass into a travel
text: bag. Ali leaving and Becky’s togetherness monologue reveal
text: what Mari repressed. She’s pushed over the edge, finally.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Run away! Flee flee. Big bad bossy
dialog: Becky makes maudlin Mari mope. Get the
dialog: bullshit outta here. It belongs, it
dialog: belongs on fuckin’ Mars!
dialog: (in the style of Heavy
dialog: Metal Parking Lot)
text: Mark pauses her exit. Turns to Dottie, Cassie and Roxie.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Enjoy it. It could be fun.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Now that’s the first logical thing
dialog: I’ve heard all day!
text: Mari exits with a final look back at Becky, who returns it
text: not as Becky Something but as Rebecca Adamczyk.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Akergirls)
dialog: All I’ve ever asked is respect and if
dialog: you can’t get that in the work place
dialog: then where can ya get it? You dig,
dialog: right?
text: Becky jumps on Cassie’s back, piggy back style and starts
text: whacking her with a drumstick like a pony.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mush mush! Onward! Into the future.
text: The Akergirls, Dottie Cassie and
dialog: Roxie. The latest greatest girl
dialog: rockers found right here under a wing
dialog: of the eternal Becky Something. The
dialog: backing on the final Something She
dialog: record and a smash debut album
dialog: produced by none other than talent
dialog: finder and nurturer Becky herself. Ah
text: ha! On the wings of angels, a goddess
dialog: and three witches. Something Rotten
dialog: Crassie and 0.2Z.!
text: Becky jumps down, knocking herself and Cassie and some gear
text: to the floor. Dottie and Roxie help Cassie. You can tell for
text: them that in the past fifteen minutes, the luster has faded.
text: Becky has alienated those who the Akergirls believed to be
text: true partners. The attitude on display fills them with dread.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: Maybe we should come back. This
dialog: doesn’t seem like the right time.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Night time is the right time. Bed ways
dialog: is right ways. Tally ho!
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Not that we aren’t knocked on our ass
dialog: flattered. We are.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Then let the wild rumpus begin!
text: Becky grabs an electric guitar and poorly shreds: “Garbage
dialog: Dump” by Charles Manson.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh Garbage dump, oh garbage dump
dialog: Why are you called a garbage dump?
dialog: You could feed the world with my garbage dump
dialog: You could feed the world with my garbage dump
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Mari just left. We don’t need to be
dialog: here right now. We can give ya your
dialog: space. Like, this must not be super
dialog: easy? Us showing up when shits all
dialog: going down.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: ERRRRR. Wrong. I am the heart and soul
dialog: of the band. I mean hello I named it
dialog: after myself. I found those girlies
dialog: and they were not the first and they
dialog: will not be the last. I put Something
dialog: She together from the ashes of failed
dialog: junk bands, wanting to put one out
dialog: there in my own name like god spewing
dialog: mankind. That's ancient history and so
dialog: are those ungrateful wenches who
dialog: suckled at the teet of success that I
dialog: placed upon their mouths. All I ask,
dialog: before the four of us embark on this
dialog: journey, is that you show me honesty
dialog: and I'll do the same. That is the
dialog: pillar of my music so enough with this
text: jibber jabber and let’s rock.
dialog: (back to the Manson song)
dialog: That sums it up one big lump.
text: Becky is mile a minute, machine gun rat a tat fast. It’s like
text: reading billboards from a roller coaster. She keeps strumming
text: her guitar, not well but not terribly either. The Akergirls
text: look on, dazed.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: What should we do?
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Well for starters go into that booth
dialog: and wake those turds up and tell them
dialog: that its blast off to the stars we go
dialog: hit the fucking switch because the
dialog: circus is leaving town and it ain’t
text: comin’ back.
text: There’s a silent pause where you can feel the Akergirls
dialog: deciding if they should do this or turn tail and go home.
text: Becky looks at them, aware of this indecision. She is static:
text: sweaty, messed up, total maniac. Trying to catch her breath,
text: nearly ten years of her life torpedoed in the last half hour.
text: It’s in her eyes: she looks beyond vulnerable and scared.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: (half afraid)
dialog: We'll go get the rest of our gear.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (like the Kool Aid Man)
dialog: OH YEAH!
text: We follow the Akergirls from behind as they walk into the
text: booth. Slow. Sheepish.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO MIXING BOOTH - CONTINUOUS 24
text: Only Keith is in here and there is a quiet moment where
text: Dottie, Roxie and Cassie are alone. It’s the first honest to
dialog: god silence we’ve had in ten minutes. Dottie and Roxie
text: embrace in the exact spot where Mari and Ali embraced at the
text: beginning of this act. They look through the glass at Becky.
text: She is actually focused, in real musician mode, tuning up and
text: getting ready.
text: The Akergirls are connected and know what one another are
text: thinking without saying it. They look like they sold their
text: souls to Satan. Keith points to the door; Cassie knocks it.
text: She opens it. Slowly.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO HALLWAY 25
text: Cassie sticks her head into the hallway. She/we see Howard
text: talking to Mari. Face puffy and wet with tears. She wipes
text: them off both cheeks, looking cool.
text: Zero in on this tough, hard woman undone by her friend. She
text: left the studio a confident warrior, but it’s all surface.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 55.
text: Dottie and Roxie look at her too and this tells them more
dialog: about what they are dealing with than anything they’ve
text: witnessed. It’s silent. Howard pushes past the girls, leaving
text: Mari to give one final look of warning.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You can’t be fully acquainted with
dialog: Becky Something until you want her to
dialog: fuck off. Remember that.
text: She turns and walks away and we linger on the Akergirls,
text: taking this omen to heart. One by one they file back in.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO MIXING BOOTH 26
text: A moment of continued silence. Howard is, finally,
text: uncharacteristically nervous. Focus on each Akergirl. Each
text: has a silent beat to convey how excitement turned to shock to
text: nervousness to unease to fear. It’s hard for them.
text: All look through the glass at Becky. We zero in on her,
text: closer, slowly creeping as she finds her fingers lapsing away
text: from the guitar and snarls into the microphone, voice only.
scene_heading: RECORDING STUDIO 27
text: Half melodic. Half guttural. The messy but salvageable stuff
text: you hear as the secret track at the end of a CD.
text: Eyes closed, into the mic, she’s giving it her all and it’s
dialog: passionate and if this was her first record instead of
dialog: possibly her last, maybe it would be raw enough to impress
text: but as it is, it’s just kind of sad. It’s the end of the song
text: she was playing at the beginning.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You look like you die, then apologize
dialog: But fuck it
dialog: I didn’t mean to see this through.
dialog: And I’m back to the same shit I was
text: Drowning in mud
dialog: If I’m gonna be pulled down
dialog: Then I’m taking you with
dialog: And I’m back to the same shit.
dialog: I was drowning in mud
dialog: If I’m gonna be pulled down
dialog: Then I’m taking you with.
text: Back on the Akergirls as this plays out. We zero in on them,
text: letting the worried looks on their faces do all the talking.
scene_heading: END OF ACT TWO.
dialog: 28
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INTERLUDE #3 (3 YEARS BEFORE ACT 1)
dialog: 
text: GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Backstage at a club before a
text: show. Becky seems nervous, aloof and distant. She is quietly
text: standing away from Mari, Ali and her mother: ANIA. She has
text: the faintest trace of an accent.
text: Ania is being friendly and hugging Mari and Ali.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Girls girls! I’m so proud of you.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: My mom would never ever ever come to a
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: I never missed a show, a concert, a
dialog: school play. Tell them Becky.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Basically you’re our mom, too.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Okay mom.
text: Ania goes to Becky and squeezes her face with love and joy.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Oooh my baby’s nervous! So nervous!
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Stop it mom!
text: She pushes Ania a little.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: You're so amazing. I’m so proud.
text: She laughs with Mari and Ali. But Becky’s not laughing.
scene_heading: ACT THREE: RED/SHAKY HANDHELD
scene_heading: INT. ROCK CLUB 28
text: A modest club really full with the eager and anxious. A
text: bird's eye, overhead shot shows how packed it is. Moving
text: through the crowd, we zero in from above, on Danny pushing
text: through the crowd to the backstage door. He is waved through
text: by a bouncer.
text: The place glows red like Hell, which is what it feels like.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: ROCK CLUB CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS 29
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Have you seen Becky? Has she checked
dialog: in?
text: To everyone and no one, busy bodies in the corridor. People
text: shake heads. He is agitated. This has gone on for a while,
dialog: playing the waiting game and when you play the waiting game
dialog: with Becky, you lose.
scene_heading: ROCK CLUB, BECKY’S DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 30
text: Danny’s feeling of relief is denied when he finds only Ania.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: How’s my grandbaby?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: She’s home with Tiffany.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: You are great to that child.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I couldn’t do it alone.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: You did, when Rebecca left. Poor
text: Daniel. Drawn into the family saga.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Time for a new family. Life goes on.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Hopefully, it does.
text: A pregnant pause. Contemplating: what if it doesn’t.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: She’s not here. Everybody’s looking.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: What happened to my baby Rebecca. Did
dialog: I do something that wrong? Oh Daniel.
dialog: All we've put up with. For what?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: For love.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Ah. Yes. For love.
dialog: 58.
text: A quiet beat and then a knock on the door. This sequence has
text: a really rotten energy building, noise and motion growing
text: more extreme. Things in the background, distance, hallway
text: bump, fall and clatter. We’re heading toward motion sick
text: territory. The crowd sounds and venue noise and neon lights
dialog: make this all feel pretty agitating.
text: It’s just some RANDOM ROADIE who knocks.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: She in here?
text: Daniel and Ania shake heads. Roadie checks watch. Exhibits
dialog: stress.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE (CONT’D)
text: We're forty minutes behind. Venue’s
text: lights out at midnight.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Don’t set your watch to Becky time.
text: Roadie exits. Another moment of silence.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: What are we doing here? She won't
dialog: perform.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She has to.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Has to? Why?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Because I have a bad feeling that this
dialog: is it for Becky.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Opening a small venue with proteges?
dialog: She’s sold out arenas. Why do you fall
dialog: for it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She cut the head off our life
text: together. Swiftly and with no mercy.
dialog: Apparently I’1ll never come to terms
dialog: with that.
text: He picks up some forms.
speaker_heading: DANNY (CONT'D)
dialog: She’s way beyond what we agreed on for
dialog: Tama.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: DANNY (CONT'D)
dialog: We've been trying to get her and these
dialog: in the same room for three months.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Her lawyer quit. He called me.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Her plan is to ignore all the people
text: suing her and hope they give up. Or
dialog: die.
text: Another knock on the now ajar door. It’s Ali. She’s had a
text: pretty slick makeover since Act 2 and looks calm, measured
text: and reasonable. She scans the room. No Becky.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Shoulda known.
text: She cheek kisses Danny and then goes to Ania for a hug.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Alexandra, dear.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We fell for it didn’t we.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She'll be here.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Where do you find the faith?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It’s a curse. I'd kill to have none
dialog: and never be waiting.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Can't believe I got talked into this.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She needs you.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Every bully needs a weak punching bag
text: to swing back for one more smack.
text: Ali goes to the mirror. Applies more lip gloss to her already
text: extreme and ready-to-go show look. She looks awesome with
text: pink eye shadow and glitter and feathery hair.
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: Who gives a shit about the players,
dialog: right? They’re just here for Becky.
dialog: What do I do? Quit and be nobody?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t belong in this world. I used
dialog: to play church basements. I was happy
dialog: there. I never wanted shows as big as
dialog: this. Poor Ali van der Wolff. Plucked
text: from the underground. A footnote in
dialog: the defining oral history of the era.
text: Silence falls after Ali’s speech, delivered to the mirror.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We all rely on her for something.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We rely on Miss Something for
dialog: something. Fame, work, money, love
dialog: support. Opportunity. The golden goose
text: sprays golden piss in our faces.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: She’s supported me for many years.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Me too. What a wretched feeling. As
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She'll be here.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I envy envy envy that optimism. What’s
dialog: she ever done for you?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She gave me our daughter.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: She drop kicked Tama to your doorstep
dialog: from a speeding tour bus. Don’t
dialog: confuse that with sainthood.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It’s not that simple. She wasn’t
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Oh Danny boy. I wanna believe you. You
dialog: see our list? Nobody. Not a soul could
dialog: be bothered. Such is the end of the
dialog: saga of Something She. Ignominious.
dialog: Fitting. So let’s go.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: I'm going to go talk to security.
dialog: 61.
text: Burst through the door: The Akergirls. You can tell in two
dialog: seconds that tonight is their night because they are
text: perfectly styled in the coolest, most influential way a rock
dialog: band of girls in their early 20s.
dialog: You see on their faces, though: the Becky panic. Because this
text: is a big show for them and the favor of letting Becky open
text: has already blown up in their young faces.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: She ain’t here.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Fuck fuck I fucking knew it.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: She’1l show.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Just don’t fucking talk to me okay?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That’s the spirit.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Hey, Dirtbag Danny! It’s really you.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Just Danny.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: I taped your show religiously every
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No shit? I don’t even have copies of
dialog: the early years. You got some special
dialog: stuff there.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: (interjecting)
dialog: Anyway its just, this is like a big
dialog: fuckin’ deal for us and all.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Always is.
text: Nasty looks. Dottie won’t look at Roxie. They’ve split, and
dialog: it’s created awkwardness between the whole band. They never
text: speak, make eye contact, or get close. It’s tense.
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t mind my trivializing your
dialog: professional dilemma.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve been in your shoes more times
dialog: than I can count.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Give us a success ratio. Anything. I’m
dialog: dying here. This is not okay. It’s not
dialog: okay! Like, there are rules, right?
dialog: Like we’ve gotta stick to the plan and
dialog: the plan is written in ink, right?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: She'll be here. Might be any second...
text: Pause. All look at door. Nothing.
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: Might be in two hours. Its real cool
dialog: and all what you’re doing for Becky.
dialog: And me, I guess. Beck’s not used to
text: not headlining. She forgets that
text: nobody waits for the opener.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: We figured with all the people here
dialog: for us--
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Because there’s industry in the room
dialog: Becky would take this ten percent more
dialog: seriously? Tried that one. If she
dialog: didn’t know about all that, maybe
dialog: she'd be here.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: What do we do.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Vocal warm up? I dunno what your pre
dialog: show is. You wanna jam?
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: This is beyond me. Find me when the
text: nightmare’s over.
text: Dottie storms out, shooting daggers at mostly Roxie.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: She’s under a lotta pressure. We all
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: And shit's wobbly with us right now.
text: There’s heartbreak afoot.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Wiser folks tried and failed. But hey
dialog: I signed the contracts for today so if
dialog: she don’t show you can sue her too. I
dialog: think that’1ll be a baker’s dozen.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: (to Danny and Ania)
dialog: Sorry. I’m Roxie. That was Dottie and
dialog: this is Cassie.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Thank you for giving her this chance.
text: She doesn’t make it easy.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: She'd do it for us. Already did,
dialog: actually.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How'd you repay her? By fucking it all
dialog: up?
text: Silence. Knowing.
speaker_heading: DANNY (CONT'D)
dialog: She'll be here. The pattern is:
dialog: disappear, leave you hanging, make you
dialog: miserable and come back when she’s out
dialog: of options.
text: Ania takes Danny’s response in. She chuckles.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: My mom wouldn't step foot in a place
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: I’m not here to watch Becky inflict
dialog: pain on others. There’s been enough of
dialog: that to last lifetimes. I’m here
dialog: because she needs me.
text: Another silence. The energy in this room is tense and there
text: keep being sounds in the hallway that make people jump,
text: thinking it’s Becky. Howard enters.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Nothing?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Nada.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Well this is great. That’s it. I’m
dialog: done. It’s over. She’s cost me a
dialog: house. Half my company. Can you accuse
dialog: me of not trying hard enough? Did I
dialog: not present opportunity after
dialog: opportunity? And this is how it ends.
dialog: (sees Ania)
dialog: Forgive me, Ania. Lovely to see you.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: I know it, you know it.
text: Howard checks his watch. Looks at Cassie and Roxie.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Does it even matter how much longer we
dialog: wait?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: We were supposed to start five minutes
dialog: ago so as of now, we’re going on hour
text: two of a sold out crowd waiting for
dialog: something to happen.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I’m deeply sorry. If I’d known---
text: Cassie and Roxie shake their heads.
text: You can hear it. Building outside this room. The tremble of
text: noise, anticipation growing louder.
text: (BACK TO THE OVERHEAD SHOT OF THE CROWD. IT’S READY TO POP.)
text: Howard and co. listen like it’s a Godzilla attack. Eyes wide,
text: open, alarmed for how much longer they can survive in here.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Give her ten more minutes. No. Five.
text: Then it’s over.
dialog: (to Ali)
dialog: I’m sorry. You know nobody wants this
dialog: night to go off more than me.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Wanna flip for it? I don’t suppose
dialog: there’s any benefit in an Ali van der
text: Wolff acoustic solo set.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: At this point any one on stage but
dialog: Becky will make matters worse.
dialog: 31
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Figured as much.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: So wise, are you.
text: Ali puts her hands together and bows to them.
speaker_heading: ROXIE (CONT'D)
dialog: So what now?
text: Just then, they hear it. The crowd is going wild over
text: something. Something is happening. (pun intended).
text: (OVERHEAD SHOT OF VENUE: EVERYBODY IS ERUPTING. IT’S
speaker_heading: HAPPENING. )
text: The following utterance is of both relief and inevitability:
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: She’s here.
scene_heading: ROCK CLUB CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS 31
text: Roxie, Cassie, Danny, Howard, Ania and Ali exit the dressing
dialog: room.
text: Procession down the hall, one after the other, closer to the
text: stage. The further they walk, the more things change.
text: The energy is stepping up a notch. There’s cheering, yelling,
text: chanting coming through the walls and the looks on our
text: character's faces are equal parts fear and curiosity.
text: The ph balance of the building shifts, the temperature drops.
text: Our group gathers for the oncoming storm and focus shifts to
text: Ania, speaking to nobody, sadness and worry in her voice.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: I wanted the best for my baby girl.
dialog: Music lessons. Rides to concerts. She
dialog: played guitar in our church.
text: In like a tornado comes Becky and if she knows she’s two
text: hours late, she shows no sign. Her appearance backstage fades
text: out the cheers and applause as the exits the venue.
text: A corridor where each open door offers a different sliver of
text: high contrast, neon light. Becky is riding high as she walks
text: towards her throng of dependents chanting and clapping.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Dem bones dem bones dem dry bones
dialog: Dem bones dem bones dem dry bones
dialog: Dem bones dem bones gonna walk around
dialog: Dem bones dem bones gonna walk around
dialog: Now hear the word of the lord
dialog: Disconnecting dem bones, dem dry
dialog: bones...
text: She has an entourage in tow: Ya-Ema, looking dark and
text: controlling and a documentary camera/boom mic crew of two.
text: Sad looking, down and out but they create some sense of
text: heightened attention to what is otherwise not important.
text: Becky wears an open leather jacket with just a pink bra
text: underneath and the words ‘OLD SCRATCH’ scrawled on her torso.
text: Her hair is huge, very 80s metal. Her makeup is theatrical.
text: Because of the video camera, Becky plays everything up to the
dialog: Nth degree in an effort to put on a good performance. It’s
text: insufferable. She talks to the video camera, via to other
text: people who are not listening. Rather than saying hello to her
text: mother, she is on lap three already.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ding dong the bitch is back. Who
dialog: missed me show of hands?
text: Howard pounces.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Two. Hours!
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Two. Minutes. To midniiiight!
dialog: (Iron Maiden song)
dialog: You're actually suing me, right? Or
dialog: was that somebody else. I’1ll see you
dialog: in court. Your honor. Is it a crime in
dialog: this country to prefer the witching
dialog: hour? I was born with an internal
dialog: clock. The doctor left it inside me ha
dialog: haaaa!! I call to the stand my mother,
dialog: Mrs. Ania Adamczyk nee Smolinska. Mrs.
dialog: Adamczyk, do you swear solemnly that
dialog: your daughter was born with a rare
dialog: neurological condition which renders
dialog: the passage of time an enforced
dialog: illusion of the external world?
dialog: (as herself)
dialog: Judge, please. I just can’t seem to
dialog: get goin’ until later at night. You
dialog: think I want to be late?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 32
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s people deserve a show and you
dialog: have no idea the hell I’ve been
dialog: through because I’m wishing there is
dialog: any way on earth I could get going but
dialog: just knowing I’m not going to make it.
dialog: Promise me momma. When I die, have the
text: coffin arrive half an hour late and
text: written on the side in gold letters
dialog: are the words ‘sorry for the delay.’
dialog: Ha HA!
text: Oof. A terrible silence because, due to everything about
text: Becky, the idea of her dying before her mother feels so real
text: and perhaps inevitable. Everyone has been swept back away
text: from the stage into the dressing room again.
scene_heading: ROCK CLUB, BECKY’S DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 32
text: It’s jam packed. Insanity, people moving everywhere to avoid
text: bumping into others. Ya-Ema has dropped to his knees and
text: wraps Becky’s ankles and places crystals from a bag on each
text: of her legs and feet and is lighting little sticks by her
text: feet in some odd purification ritual.
text: It’s pretty nutso looking and Becky’s camera gets it all,
text: including an increasingly despondent Danny and Ania.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: (tears in her eyes)
dialog: Rebecca. My sweet Rebecca.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Mommmmmm, you're embarrassing me in
dialog: front of my friends. I told you to
text: wait in the car. They’re making a
dialog: movie and I want them to see the real
dialog: me so ix-nay on the ebecca-Ray.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: How can you inflict such pain?
text: Becky looks at Ania and for a moment, the clouds of her mind
text: clear and her eyes change and if it’s remotely clear to
dialog: anybody what she is thinking, they don’t let on.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Fuckin’ stop it with the dramatics,
dialog: mom! I haven't seen you in months and
dialog: you lay this down?
text: Danny and Becky study one another, a major look passing.
text: Becky looks at Ania, whose hands now reveal an envelope from
text: her pocket.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Don’t be ungrateful. Tell me you know
dialog: I was always there.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You get a pass. You did your time in
dialog: the trenches but you were alone. Don’t
dialog: you remember how alone you always
dialog: were? You remember how you were always
dialog: always alone.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Your father wanted me to give you this
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Great throw it in the trash! Where was
dialog: he fifteen years ago when I was nobody
dialog: but his daughter?
text: Becky grabs the envelope and tosses it.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: We should go.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: How’s married life, Dirtbag? Give my
dialog: best to Tiffany.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: This is none of our business.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Stay babes. Your loyalty will be
dialog: rewarded. That’s how it works. Isn't
dialog: that right, Ali?
text: She pronounces it like Muhammad “Ali.” Ah-lee.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Funny, I didn’t know you saw me here.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Kid, your energy is so foul I could
dialog: see you in the dark.
text: Ania losing her composure. She came in here, brave and
text: confident, but as usual, Becky is breaking her. She stands by
text: Danny silently asking for and receiving support from him.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: (quietly, to Danny)
dialog: Oh Daniel. Why?
dialog: 69.
text: Ya-Ema, clearing Becky’s aura, gives Ali a mean glance. She
text: ignores it, and Becky’s rude remark. Taking the high road.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You ready to rock?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I was born ready. Doesn’t everybody
dialog: know that by now? You think I need to
dialog: warm up like some mere mortal? I don’t
dialog: think so, Tim. Would I have stepped
dialog: foot in this joint if I wasn’t ready
dialog: for a double-V victory and if that
dialog: means a great show two hours later
dialog: than a crummy one people can thank me
dialog: later alligator.
dialog: (to Roxie/Cassie)
dialog: Children, join me in the sacred circle
dialog: of spiritual cleanse. Where’s the
dialog: third member of your coven?
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: DOTTIE 0.Z. you your butt in here this
dialog: instant you are guh-rounded!
dialog: (to Ania/Danny)
dialog: How’m I doing mom? Mother of the year
dialog: over here, ya dig!
text: Ania steps away from Becky, unwilling to play this game.
text: Dottie runs in, frantic. Surveys Becky, seated with wraps and
text: crystals, smoke around her, everybody else buzzing nervously
text: around, Danny and Ania moving away, Cassie and Roxie in
text: shock. The video camera whips to get her entrance.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Finally.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Girls, gather round. Join the circle
dialog: of energy. Anybody who does not to be
dialog: here you can leave or avert your gaze.
dialog: (to video camera)
dialog: Not you.
text: Becky closes her eyes. Ali and the Akergirls do the same.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dear goddess of creativity and
dialog: positivity, Becky here. How’s it
dialog: going? I’m speaking to you tonight not
dialog: only on behalf of myself but also my
dialog: little sisters Dottie 0.Z., Cassie
text: Crassy and Roxie Rotten.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a big night for them so let’s
dialog: take care of Akergirls. They’re swell
dialog: kids and deserve the best.
text: She pauses. The energy shifts and people sense something. Ali
text: leans in, alarmed, like Becky is about to drift away. Becky’s
dialog: breathing changes and it’s really weird.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: As for me. Lady, if you’re listening
dialog: still, I need this. I need this bad.
dialog: This is it for ol’ Beckster. I’m gonna
dialog: need your help here because the last
dialog: train is leaving the station and if
dialog: I’m not on it when the whistle blows,
dialog: that’s it for me. Lights out. Last
dialog: call. Soup’s cold. Ice cream’s
dialog: melting. Beer’s warm. Yuck. Let’s
dialog: rally, one more time, then you can
dialog: take that soul I promised you.
text: Danny shuffles, alarmed, when she says this. Becky stops the
text: prayer. Everybody is silent. The doubt of Howard and Ali
text: about her not grasping the importance of tonight is gone.
dialog: Maybe Becky was late because she actually wants to make this
text: perfect. Maybe she is all clear headed and aware of herself,
text: finally. Becky looks right at the video camera.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: You get it? Perfect. Start with that
dialog: it’ll be fucking phenomenal now let’s
dialog: burn this fucker down for the big
dialog: finish.
text: She jumps and crystals fall and she lands with jazz hands
text: when saying ‘big finish.’ The room is in shock.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Let me...let me go tell them you’re
dialog: ready.
text: He exits and Becky is gone. You see her ducking into the
text: bathroom and slamming the door. Danny looks at Ali, sad.
text: Junkie ducking into the bathroom...bad news.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Another poor decision. I’m leaving.
dialog: Make sure she takes these.
text: He throws down legal forms.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: I‘1l join you, in a moment.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You’re not gonna watch the show?
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: I don’t want to see what happens next.
dialog: But I have one thing to say to my
dialog: daughter.
text: Danny kisses Ali on the cheek.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I’m sorry things turned out this way.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You and me both, Danny boy. You know
dialog: I'm always rootin’ for ya.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: The legal stuff was meant to light a
text: fire under her ass.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Joan of Arc she ain’t. Flames or not.
dialog: Go home. We’ll talk tomorrow.
text: Both look at the bathroom door. There’s an unspoken thing
text: here but Ali’s going to speak it. She holds back tears.
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: Hopefully not sooner.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Love you, Dan-O.
text: She blows him a kiss. Danny exits. It’s Ali, Ania, Ya-Ema and
text: the Akergirls now. Ania picks up the letter she brought and
text: holds it in her hands.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: She gonna be okay?
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: (utmost certainty)
dialog: No she’s not..
text: Ya-Ema prepares a spiritual area for Becky to be in when she
text: gets out, placing mystical objects carefully. The video
text: camera is getting close on all of it.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I know that you need to listen to an
dialog: old has been like me but you’re gonna
dialog: kill it tonight. And after tonight.
dialog: Please love one another.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 72.
dialog: Zero in on the Akergirls. This is all about the people around
text: Becky and how she affects them. We stay on the Akergirls and
text: it’s clear, following Act 2, that they are through the
text: looking glass with Becky. Now they want to tell her to fuck
dialog: off.
text: There’s silent sadness among the Akergirls. They watch Ali
text: and Ania walk to Becky’s bathroom and they exit, giving them
text: privacy. A quiet moment in a story light on them.
scene_heading: ROCK CLUB CORRIDOR/AKERGIRLS DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 33
text: Follow the Akergirls to their dressing room. More orderly and
text: less intense than the one we just left. Silent. They look in
text: their mirrors, grab a water, a cigarette. They start lighting
text: candles around a small table on the floor. Finally:
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Is there something we should do?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: (real shook up, still)
dialog: What else can we do.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: We shouldn’t have asked her to play.
dialog: She’s not straight.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: We gave her a chance. That’s only
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: Kill your idols.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Give em enough rope and they’1ll do it
dialog: themselves.
text: The girls take hands and close their eyes, ready to lapse
text: into a mystical seance which is their tradition before shows.
scene_heading: ROCK CLUB, BECKY’S DRESSING ROOM - THAT SAME MOMENT 34
text: Ali and Ania lean on the door. We are close to Ali, close
text: enough to see the tears and anxiety on her face. Talking to a
dialog: wall. No better metaphor for dealing with Becky.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I didn’t want it to be like this. Why
dialog: did you make it have to be like this?
dialog: I blame you, Beck. You found me.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: ALI (CONT'D)
dialog: You invited me. I never wanted any of
dialog: it. I only wanted to rock with you and
dialog: Mari. Not all this.
text: The door opens. Becky is glassy eyed, doped up. She looks
text: like a tranquilized animal. In a way, she is. She looks at
text: Ania, holding the letter she brought.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: What the fuck is that still doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: He has things he wants to say to you.
dialog: I see no harm in that. Do you
dialog: understand forgiveness? Can you
dialog: understand regret?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You weak stupid wimp. After everything
dialog: he has put us through. I uses to look
dialog: up to you.
text: Ania is gutted. She is in agony, as usual, because of Becky.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: I always hoped you were better than
dialog: this. Deep down I knew you weren’t.
dialog: You're more like your father than
dialog: you'll ever know.
text: Ania takes the letter and grabs Becky’s hand, shoving it in.
text: The forcefulness of Ania’s negativity momentarily stuns Becky
text: silent, static, stunned. (So this is where she gets it...)
text: Ania exits quickly as the letter falls to the floor. Ali
text: picks the letter up but Becky grabs at it and they become
text: attached. Becky has slipped into a trance.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Destroy it!!
text: They struggle for control of the paper as it tears in their
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Stop...Beck...stop...
text: She takes Ali by the face and squeezes her head hard, the
text: pain is real and they fall to the floor and Becky begins
text: chanting/yelling.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Negative forces! I cast you out! Be
dialog: gone from here and wipe this room of
dialog: evil. Let in the light and forsake the
dialog: darkness.
text: They are rolling on the ground and Becky doesn’t let go. Ali
text: grabs for stuff, lamps and tapestries and furniture and
text: around them the entire room crumbles and collapses inward. Ya-
text: Ema watches silently and the video camera gets it all.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You're hurting me--
text: Becky has a hand on Ali’s throat as well as her forehead. She
text: is out of her mind hallucinating.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Demon, speak not to me. To hear your
dialog: words is to open myself to your
dialog: trickery.
text: She puts her hand over Ali’s mouth and Ali continues to
text: struggle to protect herself.
speaker_heading: ALI
speaker_heading: Beckpthhhh sttttppp
text: Becky takes a glass bottle, breaks it and brandishes with her
text: free hand. We go close to see the abject terror and
text: uncertainty in Ali's eyes.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I've fought you in eleven other lives
dialog: and in eleven other lives you've
dialog: destroyed me. I’ve seen the faces
dialog: you’ve used and my demise at your
text: hands across the centuries. Now at
dialog: last I’ve looked across time and I see
dialog: how to defeat those who will see me
dialog: destroyed!
text: Becky is scratching herself and Ali with the glass. Red marks
text: and pricks of blood are forming. Ali tries to yell for help
text: but she is out of breath. It’s not loud enough and she makes
text: direct eye contact with Ya-Ema who stands with folded hands
dialog: and will not move a finger to help and the camera crew,
text: filming and not helping.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: For the first time I have the power to
dialog: do what must be done and for the last
dialog: time we struggle.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Alight in me, eternal powerful
dialog: goddesses and give me the strength to
dialog: vanquish my enemies once and for all.
text: On battlefields and at the stake.
text: Ali somehow gets free, knocks Becky in the face. Bloody nose.
text: Her weapon falls and the blood runs down her exposed chest
text: under the jacket.
text: Ali stumbles to the door, heaves at it, tears it open and
text: screams as loud as she can.
speaker_heading: ALI
scene_heading: HELP HELP SOMEBODY HELP.
text: She turns around. Becky is standing in front of Ya-Ema,
text: laughing. A crazed look on her face like ‘can’t you take a
text: joke’ but because her nose is bloody and she has OLD SCRATCH
text: written on her sweaty, bloody torso and all the rest, she
dialog: looks truly dangerous.
text: The two old friends stare at one another across the trashed
text: room, bloody, out of breath, frenzied. Becky’s stupid insane
text: smile is infuriating.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: THE ARISTOCRATS!
text: And she laughs for a few seconds before losing her balance
text: and steading herself on a chair just as Howard rushes in with
text: a big security guard. They are prepared for an OD so when
text: they rush in are surprised to see Becky has the upper hand,
text: survey the mess and injuries and Ali looks the most afraid.
text: Security goes to Becky to restrain her and even though he is
text: 6’'4” and 300 pounds she puts up a hell of a fight. She claws
text: and kicks and is lifted off the ground but lands a few blows.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: (faux 1930s moll voice)
dialog: I don’t give a rat’s! Put me in the
dialog: slammer. I’1l be back on the streets
dialog: by noon. There’s no clink in the world
dialog: that can hold the likesa me.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Miss, shut your mouth and stop
dialog: attacking me please.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Who'safraid of the big bad wolf! I’m
dialog: afraid of the van der Wolff! Ali! Back
dialog: me up here. Ah I don’t get no respect
dialog: at all.
dialog: 35
dialog: 76.
text: Becky bites the security guard and is able to get free. She
text: grabs the glass bottle again and points it at him. The guard
text: lunges forward and she slices his arm. It’s bleeding and he
text: kicks her, pretty hard, to get her to drop the weapon and
text: finally pins her against a wall and puts handcuffs on her.
text: Like a rabid dog, Becky barks and tries to bite people but
text: never stops looking happy, grinning, smiling because somehow
text: it hasn't sunk in yet that this isn’t a game. She barks and
text: snarls right at the video camera lens.
text: Off to the side, Ali is regaining herself and cleaning wounds
text: and standing in the doorway, which we haven’t seen until now,
text: are the Akergirls, watching Becky bite and snarl.
text: The documentary crew is getting it all. Becky, fallen to
text: floor, handcuffed, bleeding, looks up at her audience with
text: delight and joy. There’s a physical fight in her body because
text: the adrenaline is wearing off and it’s fighting the drugs and
text: she is starting to get wobbly.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I confess. It was me! I robbed the
dialog: savings and loan and I shot the
dialog: sheriff and I fought the law and the
dialog: law won. Now when do I get my lousy
dialog: phone call?
text: Speechless. Turn to Howard and Ali, still composing herself.
text: The Akergirls are truly shocked.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (to Ali)
dialog: Can you...anything?
speaker_heading: ALI
text: No. It’s over.
text: Ali wipes the blood off her neck and lip and throws the cloth
text: in Becky's face. Pauses. She’s thinking about hitting or
text: spitting on Becky. Instead she turns to leave. Silent.
text: Humiliated. Battered. It somehow hits Becky.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Hey. Hey! Sorry I messed up your
text: pretty face.
text: Nobody is listening. Becky stands to run, chase after Ali.
scene_heading: ROCK CLUB CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS 35
text: Ali is already gone, somehow. Becky turns side to side but is
text: being pursued by the video camera, Howard and security.
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 77.
text: She runs to a door and throws her body at it. It opens. It’s
text: the wrong door. The door Danny entered backstage from at the
text: start of this act. She is somehow in the middle of the venue.
scene_heading: ROCK CLUB, FLOOR AREA - CONTINUOUS 36
text: Bloody, shackled, people turn to look because the light on
text: top of the video camera draws attention. Cheering and
text: applause start, as though it is all part of the act.
text: The crowd throbs as Becky pushes through it, parting for her
text: like the Ten Commandments Red Sea. She is given a clear path
text: to the stage as people chant her name.
speaker_heading: CROWD
text: BECKY! BECKY! BECKY!
text: The crowd closes, swallowing up Howard. The Akergirls stay in
text: the door, not entering the floor space. This is crazy, shaky,
text: hazardous looking stuff. Flashing red lights and yelling and
text: screaming abound. The Akergirls know to fall back.
scene_heading: ROCK CLUB, THE STAGE -— CONTINUOUS 37
text: Becky feebly climbs up which is hard without hands. The sweat
text: is mixing with blood and the OLD SCRATCH marker writing so
text: she’s pretty colorful. Her white pants are tie dyed looking.
speaker_heading: CROWD
text: BECKY! BECKY! BECKY!
text: She leans to the mic.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: BECKY! BECKY! BECKY!
text: This goes on for several seconds as the crowd slowly stops,
text: sensing that this isn’t an act and they are actually
text: witnessing the actions of a damaged and troubled woman.
text: The camera crew is at the foot of the stage, getting it all.
text: Security climbs to the stage. Becky slips away from him and
text: grabs the mic.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: D'ya ever get the feeling you’re being
dialog: followed?
text: Muted but loud cheers. Becky, clutching the mic and being
text: grabbed at by security, launches into an epic rant that, no
text: matter how hard she is being chased, doesn’t stop.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve been back through the ages of
dialog: earth and I’ve witnessed centuries of
dialog: conflict. I regressed to the moment of
dialog: conception and watched myself being
dialog: born. That's why I’m leaving now. When
dialog: I needed it, nobody ever put a hand on
dialog: my back and told me it was gonna be
dialog: alright dude. It’s the little things.
text: Security senses she isn’t a threat but is still holding her,
text: or at least blocking her from going anywhere and she’s
text: stumbling, backed up against the speakers with nowhere to go.
text: Faint response. People are alarmed. Becky is fading.
text: She takes a guitar and tries to play but it’s impossible with
text: her hands cuffed and she spins the guitar, falls hard off the
text: stage into the equipment area and people rush to her, huddle
text: around and she’s clutching the guitar which broke her fall.
text: Feedback starts to wail.
text: Becky isn’t laughing or talking. She looks up at people, her
text: eyes like a dying animal and she looks like someone waking up
text: from amnesia and finally understanding where she is. A little
text: girl, lost and afraid. She reacts with shaky fear.
text: Feedback is still wailing and the video camera is in her face
text: and flash photos are going off and security is trying to pick
text: her up but she’s like a protestor, heavy and inert.
text: He lifts Becky, guitar and all. She’s dead weight as she is
text: carried through the venue to the exit, toward a police car
text: whose sirens we can already hear and whose red/blue flashing
text: lights get brighter the further he walks. The look on her
text: face is fear and panic. Like she just woke up here and
text: doesn’t know what is happening. Her energy dangerously alive.
text: Feedback is still wailing, fading away from the stage. Becky
text: looks at the faces of the Akergirls as she passes. They are
text: next to Howard and Becky is all bloody and weak.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: (quiet, pause before, a
dialog: big sense of ceremony)
dialog: Sometimes I don’t even own myself.
dialog: Mom?
text: With that, she stares, eyes wide open as if trying to process
text: a world, a realm of reality she doesn’t comprehend and is
text: carried in the arms of security out the door into the
text: waiting, wailing bright lights of oblivion.
dialog: 38
dialog: 79.
text: People look around, back at the stage. They see The Akergirls
text: and Howard off to the side. There is still feedback which
text: Dottie puts a stop to as Howard draws the club’s little
text: curtain down, concealing them from view.
scene_heading: END OF ACT THREE.
scene_heading: INTERLUDE #4 (1 1/2 YEARS BEFORE ACT 1)
dialog: 
text: GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Backyard of Becky’s new house.
text: It’s nice and has a pool. Becky, in a pool chair, holds a 6-
text: week old Tama. She is smoking a cigarette and dozing.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanna stay home with my baby. No
dialog: tour. No record. I like it here.
text: Danny shows up, around the corner. He looks confused about
text: why a camera is there. Becky doesn’t look up at him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh. I see. You ready for me to take
dialog: her home?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Take her. Take her. I’m so tired.
scene_heading: ACT FOUR: BEIGE/SUPER STATIC UNMOVING TABLEAUS
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY HOUSE - DAY 38
text: Soft, breeze blown curtains. A big, empty, isolated, somewhat
text: dilapidated house with windows open. Glowing, soft light is
text: everywhere and this looks like a cartoon idea of heaven,
text: contrasting with the red hell we just left behind of Act 3.
text: Becky is dwarfed by the huge space. Paint is chipped and
text: peeling, floorboards warped and scuffed. She bought a fixer
dialog: upper and will never fix it up.
text: This is going to be slow, static, locked off. (So even though
dialog: this is half the page length of other acts, it’1ll be roughly
dialog: the same amount of time.)
text: The camera never moves and seldom cuts. Becky’s life is
text: immobile now. She’s in a thin, soft sweater over a tattered
text: old Evergreen College shirt. Beyond natural. No makeup. Soft
text: clean hair. The mask of theatricality is no more. Looking at
dialog: her, you'd almost think she’d been lobotomized.
dialog: Becky Something doesn’t live here. Just Rebecca Adamczyk.
text: The tea kettle boils and whistles in the kitchen.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: COUNTRY HOUSE, KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 39
text: Becky oozes out of a stupor and floats like a ghost to the
text: kitchen. It has signs of detox: dozens of lemons, ginger,
text: jugs of expensive water. This is all slow: feel time passing.
text: Becky pours the water and marks a tally on what is obviously
text: a sobriety calendar: it’s approaching a full year.
text: She borders on catatonic and the silence here at this point
dialog: in our story is extreme and shocking as anything. We’ve heard
dialog: nearly two minutes of it which is one minute fifty seconds
dialog: more than we ever heard so far. It’s haunting and you should
dialog: think that Becky is dead, this is the afterlife, and this
text: story is going someplace unexpected.
text: From where her tea steeps, Becky sees a car pull up. She
text: turns away and prepares to have to see somebody.
scene_heading: COUNTRY HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 40
text: Walking through a room with a bunch of South American
text: religious artifacts, crystals, new age stuff and a pin ball
text: machine, Becky sits and waits for the knock on the door.
text: Danny enters with Tama. He looks pretty sharp, hair a bit
text: cleaner, clothes more sophisticated. Tama is now four and a
text: half. She doesn’t seem comfortable here, since the place is
text: so empty and not homey.
text: The tea is in her hand and the silence is broken by the tea
text: timer ringing. She removes the tea basket and, though it is
text: dripping, puts it on a table with no dish.
text: Becky and Tama look at each other for a moment. Becky’s stoic
text: face finally changes into a smile.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (horse voice, weird
dialog: sounding)
dialog: Baby.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Mommy .
text: They hug. Becky swallows her tragedy because the pain of
text: confronting the reality of how bad she fucked up kills her.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Momma missed you.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: I missed momma.
dialog: 4l
dialog: 81.
text: Becky is dying inside. This is agony.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Kiddo, mom and dad need to talk. Do
dialog: you want to play pinball?
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Yeah okay!
text: There is already a Tama stool by the machine for her monthly
text: visits. She begins to play. The game noises are soft and
text: fading as Becky and Danny walk to another big, sparse room.
scene_heading: COUNTRY HOUSE, MUSIC ROOM - CONTINUOUS 4l
text: This one is full of instruments and simple, vintage recording
text: gear to prove that Becky is still active. Like the other
text: rooms, it has big open windows and feels quiet and soft and
text: in addition to pinball, you hear birds and bugs and wind.
text: Becky cannot make eye contact with Danny, ashamed and full of
text: self loathing. But she isn’t fully broken. Always, embers of
text: danger are within her, and the threat is there.
dialog: You see it on Danny’s face. He isn’t sure she can stay sober
text: forever, but is impressed as this is the longest she has
dialog: gone. This year came after a relapse or two. It’s about
dialog: sixteen months since Act 3.
text: Becky, in recovering addict mode, can feel people looking for
text: cracks when they are with her. It feels awful. She holds her
text: tea in both hands, like it will shield her.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You look good.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: Bullshitter.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I have a year next week.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I know. That’s really great.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: DANNY (CONT'D)
dialog: She’s been asking about you all the
dialog: time.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: She misses me?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She doesn’t really know you.
text: Immediately, this makes Becky choke up, but no tears. She’s
text: too isolated from her emotions for tears.
speaker_heading: DANNY (CONT'D)
dialog: She has no memory of living with you.
text: Becky pauses, composes herself.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I had this dream. We were brothers in
dialog: a past life and we were Native
dialog: American. You killed all the children
dialog: in our tribe. And that’s why I was so
dialog: horrible to you in this life.
text: Danny cannot fathom a response to this. He reaches into a bag
text: and hands her legal looking documents.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Before I forget.
text: Becky takes it and tosses onto a table without studying.
speaker_heading: DANNY (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to look at those.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Today. I’m taking them back with me.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Does it make a difference.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes. It does.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Including you, do you know how many
dialog: lawsuits I have against me?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes. I do.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Care to say it out loud.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Would it make a difference?
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: Settling with M and A. Child support.
dialog: Breach of contract. Contracts.
dialog: Promoters. Howard. I’ve lost track.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Don’t lump us in with all of that.
text: Pinball noises. A reminder of Tama.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: There’s nothing left. They gave me my
dialog: band name in exchange for publishing.
dialog: I don’t own my own music. I’m broke. I
dialog: can’t give you anything.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don’t want you to sell the house.
dialog: But I need to know half of whatever
dialog: dollars you find go to Tama.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I can’t leave this house. I can’t go
text: back into the world.
text: A moment of silence. She sips her tea. Becky seems afraid.
text: She talks of leaving the house like she is in a horror movie.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Mari’s here.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Excuse me what?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She drove up with me.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You shouldn’t have done that.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It’s okay. She just wants to talk.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: She took everything I built.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She didn’t take it. You lost it. And
dialog: besides you built it together.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: I can’t see her like this.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She’s seen worse.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Why did you do it. Why did you bring
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She’s sober too. She’s been through
text: it. She understands.
text: Becky looks out the window and sees Mari waiting by the car.
text: Holding a gift. At least bringing her in ends this talk.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I need a minute. Go get her and count
dialog: to a hundred.
text: Danny stands, exits. We stay on Becky, stiff, thinking. After
text: a moment, Tama comes running in.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Momma? I lost my three balls.
text: Becky picks her up, standing herself.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oof. You’re getting big, kiddo. What’s
dialog: daddy feeding you?
speaker_heading: TAMA
text: Chicken fingers and fish fingers.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yum. I wish I had some of those.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: And noodles.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh boy. Well I don’t know if have any
dialog: of that but if you’re not too big
dialog: Maybe we can can you peanut butter and
dialog: jelly if that’s okay.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: ‘eanut butter!
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Alright alright!
dialog: 85.
dialog: It’s fun and shocking for this normal mom/kid moment. Becky
text: puts Tama down. Tama runs to the piano and taps keys.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Careful baby.
text: Becky is finding herself choked up by this all. It’s coming
text: to the surface and she is trying to keep it inside, sort of.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Play me a song mommy.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (she sits on piano bench)
dialog: What kind of a song?
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: A song that reminds you of me.
text: Static. Still, from far away: we see the two of them, Becky,
text: posed and ready at the piano. She rolls her head back.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: A song that makes me think of you.
dialog: Hrmmm...okay. You ready?
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Ready-o!
dialog: And just for this moment, it’s too bad that Becky has an
text: audience of one because what she is about to deliver is the
text: most achingly beautiful, soul-deep performance of maybe her
dialog: entire life. And if she were to be playing this for an
dialog: audience of 10,000, there wouldn't be a dry eye in the house.
text: It's deep, tender, emotional. From a place deep within
dialog: herself where the pure love lives. The love so deep it was
dialog: protected from all the drugs, pain and misery she caused
text: herself and others. It’s closer to a hymn, filling up a
text: church with tones of reverie and spiritual meaning and the
text: reason she can muster all that is because it’s all for Tama.
dialog: One of the best songs ever written: HEAVEN by Bryan Adams.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: This next one’s a cover.
text: Piano keys tap out the sublime first notes of the song. Wind
text: up to lyrics. Bum da bum bum bum. Bum da bum bum bum.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh thinking about all our younger years
dialog: There was only you and me
dialog: We were young and wild and free
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now nothing can take you away from me
dialog: We’ve been down that road before, but
dialog: that’s over now.
dialog: You keep me coming back for more.
dialog: Baby you’re all that I want.
dialog: When you’re lying here in my arms.
dialog: I’m finding it hard to believe.
dialog: We’re in heaven.
dialog: And love is all that I need.
dialog: And I found it there in your heart.
dialog: It isn’t too hard to see.
dialog: We’re in heaven.
dialog: Oh once in your life you find someone.
dialog: Who will turn your world around.
dialog: Bring you up when you’re feeling down.
dialog: Yeah nothing can change what you mean to me.
dialog: There’s lots that I could say.
dialog: But just hold me now.
dialog: Cause our love will light the way.
text: (Tama holds onto Becky now, arms around her waist.)
text: One shot.
dialog: Baby you’re all that I want.
dialog: When you’re lying here in my arms. I’m
dialog: finding it hard to believe.
dialog: We’re in heaven.
dialog: Yeah love is all that I need.
dialog: And I found it there in your heart.
dialog: It isn’t too hard to see. We’re in heaven.
dialog: I’ve been waiting for so long.
dialog: For something to arrive.
dialog: For love to come along.
dialog: Now our dreams are coming true.
dialog: Through the good times and the bad.
dialog: Yeah I’ll be standing there by you.
dialog: And baby you’re all that I want. When
dialog: you’re lying here in my arms. I’m
dialog: finding it hard to believe.
dialog: We’re in heaven.
dialog: And love is all that I need.
dialog: And I found it there in your heart. It
dialog: wasn’t too hard to see.
dialog: We’re in heaven.
dialog: This is the most amazing performance of Heaven by
dialog: Bryan Adams that you have ever heard or will ever hear.
text: The emotion is unfathomable. Becky has never given anything
dialog: as much as she is giving this.
dialog: 87.
text: Tama loves it, bobs her head the whole time and when the song
text: ends and we finally cut to see Danny and Mari standing in the
text: door, he looks like he’s never seen anything like this and
dialog: Mari just saw for the first time in a decade the Becky she
dialog: first knew and Mari, like every viewer watching this scene,
text: is crying right now.
text: Becky kisses Tama. She heard them come in and knew they were
text: there the whole time. She doesn’t turn to face them.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey M.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (swallowing a lump)
dialog: Hey B.
text: The room opens up when Becky takes Tama in her lap and turns.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Aunt Mari did you hear? Mom sang a
dialog: song just for me.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Yeah. I heard.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: You should sing for me too sometime.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I will. Promise.
text: Danny is moved. This represents a total change in Becky.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
dialog: Been playing anything else?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Uh huh. You wanna hear?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Yeah. I do.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Sweetie, why don’t you come fix lunch
dialog: with daddy?
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Mom said she’d make me a sandwich.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Dad can get this one. I’1l make the
dialog: next one.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Okay momma but you have to make the
dialog: next one.
text: Tama kisses Becky and runs to Danny, who swoops her up. He
text: looks at Becky and Mari, knowing they should be alone. He
dialog: exits.
text: Mari and Becky feel it out. They haven’t seen one another in
dialog: coming up on three years.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: She’s so beautiful.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I lost so much time with her.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: She’s lucky to have you back.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I had a vision of you holding her at
dialog: my funeral. I saw you and Danny,
dialog: holding her hands and I was so happy
dialog: that you were godmother. I’ve seen my
dialog: death a dozen times in a dozen
dialog: different ways. In every vision I’m
dialog: surrounded by people. I never die
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You’re alone now. You should leave
dialog: this place.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: There’s an ache in my bones.
text: Mari takes a minute. This is a crushing thing to respond to.
text: She sits down near the piano. Puts the present she has been
text: holding down. Becky looks at it, devoid of curiosity.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It’s from Howard.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Thanks Howard. How’s he doing?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Well, actually. The Akergirls hit big.
dialog: Their new stuff isn’t my cup of tea
dialog: but they’ve done well for him. He'd
dialog: love to see you.
text: Becky squirms. Wants to change the subject.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Thank you for taking my call. Back
dialog: then. You didn’t have to.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I was always the bigger person.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Ali didn’t.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You never tried to stab me. Except in
dialog: the back. Which you did.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: How’s she been?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Good. She just put out an album with
dialog: her husband. It’s kinda great.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Husband?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Roy. They’re amazing together.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I should get a copy.
speaker_heading: MARI
text: Mine’s out in the car.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I’1l buy my own.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I don’t think she’s mad at you
dialog: anymore. I don’t think I’m mad at you
dialog: anymore either. You were horrible. But
dialog: it never made me not love you.
text: Becky nods. Insulted, but Mari had to get it out.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
text: Lauren’s seven months pregnant.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Danny told me. That’s rad. I’m happy
dialog: for you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You'll be a really good mom.
text: Silence. This is getting harder, not easier.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You ever jam?
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: Alone. A lot.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You wanna?
dialog: Nobody has offered Becky this much of an inch of opportunity
dialog: in years. It’s major for her and you see it in her eyes. She
text: tries to downplay how much it means to be given a shot.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Sure. You wanna hear some stuff?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (equally downplaying)
dialog: Sure.
text: For a moment, it’s almost old times. Sisterhood and creative
text: energy between them. Becky goes to the reel to reel she has
dialog: been using to record demos in exile.
text: It plays out slowly. Becky moving, having finished her tea,
text: the precision of somebody whose brain isn’t quite right. She
text: cues up the device and hesitates before pressing play. Looks
text: over her shoulder and off in the distance sees Tama lurking
text: in a far off door frame holding a triangle PB&J sandwich
text: half. Danny is behind her, maintaining Becky and Mari’s
dialog: distance and space.
text: Becky looks back to Mari, slumps down, on the floor,
text: surrounded by instruments and gear.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Don’t like, tell people anything about
dialog: what you hear.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I wouldn’t---
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Just...if anybody asks. Does anybody
dialog: ask?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Not as much as they used to.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: It’s okay. Only...be kind, alright?
dialog: 91.
dialog: Becky never expressed any sensitivity or need for approval,
dialog: not once in their entire career together so Mari knows it’s
text: actually a different person, draped in soft fabric hanging
text: off her lithe, weakened frame. The ghost of Becky future.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Just between us.
text: Becky presses play and sits with her back to Mari: she can’t
text: hear her own recording while playing and look her in the eye.
text: Two women, facing forward, Becky holding her guitar, Mari
text: staring at Becky’s back.
text: The song starts. It’s simple, raw, rough, emotional, and
text: pure. Becky accompanies the recording, strumming and also
text: singing live. The record is a 4-track, simple stuff. It’s
dialog: short and is, as the critics would say, Classic Becky.
dialog: (This song is called ‘Expected to Grow’ and was written by
dialog: Alicia Bognanno/aka Bully)
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: Slipping out
dialog: I’ve caused you pain
dialog: I shake at the thought of it
dialog: Anyone could shift the blame
dialog: But I’m the root the cause of it
dialog: I don’t think I’ve learned
dialog: Anything since you
text: Taking ten steps back
dialog: Polarize the view
dialog: And how can I be expected to grow
dialog: If I’m stuck living in what I
dialog: Already know and
dialog: I don’t wanna quit
dialog: I just wanna be in control of it
dialog: I don’t wanna quit
dialog: I just wanna be in control of it
dialog: What I recall
dialog: Is cold and mean
dialog: I owe good health and time to you
dialog: But I get stuck
dialog: To the wrong things
dialog: And only space shows me the truth
dialog: I have not learned
dialog: I have learned nothing since you
text: Taking ten steps back
dialog: Polarize the truth
text: It’s clear to Mari that this is exactly what they were trying
text: to make in Act 2, a return to form that is also a leap
text: forward. Somehow, Becky exorcised the demons and created it.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Beck it’s incredible.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Just a little thing.
text: Mari looks and see stacks of recordings around the machine.
text: Becky has enough for a double album and four bootlegs here.
text: An epic amount of music. She sees Mari looking.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
text: It’s mostly junk.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You know I’d follow you anywhere.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Still?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: That's my bad habit. Yours is, well,
dialog: everything. Mine is coming back and
text: coming back for more.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I fucked you over a hundred times.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Hundred and one.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I don’t know if I can let people hear
dialog: this. I think it’s just too, too, just
dialog: too much.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Yeah okay.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I don’t deserve another chance.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You're gonna get it whether you want
dialog: to or not. You’re lucky I’ma
dialog: masochist who, still, just wants to
dialog: get dressed up, feel pretty and play
dialog: new music plus the hits. They still
dialog: love you.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: They always loved me. It’s not loving
dialog: them back that got me here.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: So what? You stay here and die in this
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I always thought I’d die on stage.
dialog: There’s nothing here than can hurt me.
dialog: I have to stay here, or else...
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It’s not over until you get what's
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Somehow I’ve cheated it. It’s very
dialog: real. It wasn’t that time, so maybe
dialog: it’ll be next time. So there can’t
dialog: ever be a next time.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Becky that’s insane.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: No. It isn’t. Ya-Ema once told me that
dialog: Tama would be my downfall. I thought
dialog: he meant she would bring my downfall.
dialog: It wasn’t until later that I realized
dialog: he meant my love for her is my true
dialog: weakness.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I don’t buy any of that. And you
dialog: shouldn’t still talk about him. He’s a
dialog: fraud. He took advantage of you and
dialog: lots of others and he’s in jail now
dialog: for it.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: He understood me.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Okay whatever. You don’t need him and
dialog: you never did. You never knew how to
dialog: rely on others. That’s your weakness.
dialog: People are waiting to see who Becky
dialog: Something really is.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Who is she?
text: Mari smiles and makes an ‘I don’t know’ shrug.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: She’s a woman.
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: She’s a user.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: She’s a mother.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: She’s a deadbeat.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: A person.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: A persona.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You're healthy.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: Recovering.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Okay then. Who was Becky Something?
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: A way to hide from Rebecca Adamczyk.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Who was she?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I dunno. Nobody’s seen her since I was
dialog: sixteen.
text: Tama comes in, interrupting. Leaps at Becky.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Momma I’m bored.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I know sweetheart. Mommy’s just
text: catching up with Aunt Mari.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Can we go outside to play?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah. Let’s go outside.
text: They stand up and slowly get together. Mari knows this
text: conversation is over but the seed has been planted. Offer is
text: on the table.
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 95.
text: Danny joins from the kitchen as they walk to the door which
text: leads to the backyard.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 42
dialog: This is the first time in this story we have been outside and
text: it’s shocking. Vampiric. Becky shrinks a little and adjusts
text: her eyes, breaths fresh air, reacts to nature. We’ve never
text: seen her outdoors, ever. Tama runs off into the yard.
text: Danny puts his hand on Becky’s shoulder as they watch Tama
text: lovingly and he gives her a small look of acceptance and
dialog: reassurance and that’s all she ever wanted.
text: Becky steps away from it and into the light and walks off the
text: porch into the yard and follows Tama into a thicket of trees
text: and lets the sun light and wind and all the rest wash over
text: her and her clothes are flowing and she looks like a ghost in
text: a movie whose spirit is finally let go and dissolves or
text: evaporates into the air.
text: It has that eerie vibe about it.
scene_heading: END OF ACT FOUR.
speaker_heading: INTERLUDE #5 (No context)
scene_heading: GRAINY VHS HOME MOVIE FOOTAGE: Becky, Mari and Ali are
text: collapsed in delirious laughter on the floor in front of a
text: paper photo shoot backdrop. This is the photo shoot for the
dialog: Spin cover from Interlude 1.
text: Their faces are turning red, they are gasping for air as they
text: laugh: just them together, physically, emotionally, having
text: fun and loving being in a band. The Best of Times.
scene_heading: ACT FIVE: BLUE&GREEN/STEADICAM
scene_heading: INT. THE VENUE, BECKY’S DRESSING ROOM 43
text: The same venue from Act One. Same camera patterns with
text: lighting that starts off different, a transition from the
text: balanced, calming hues of Act 4 back to the familiar neon
text: buzz of Act One. This is the end of a full circle.
text: Becky looks different: classy and kind of amazing. She has a
text: stylist now and wears designer-ish clothes. Her hair is cool
text: and her makeup is mature and appropriate without being a
dialog: departure from her true style.
text: Becky is alone, bouncing about like a pinball. We feel the
dialog: anxiety and confusion of this experience.
dialog: 96.
text: She is about to re-enter the public eye and this is the final
text: moment to herself before the final moments of Becky’s story.
text: Everything here, every image, gesture, word and suggestion
text: point towards a definitive conclusion. It’s looming.
text: Stay with her as she appreciates the quiet but see also how
text: wrecked with anxiety she is. It feels like she may be about
text: to snap. You faintly hear a concert happening already.
text: Knock on the door. Becky breaths deep. It’s all now or never.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Ali and Mari come in. Obviously they’ve been practicing and
dialog: stuff so this isn’t the reunion but it’s a reunion of the
text: public personas and that feels substantial.
text: The women circle one another, silent, smiling, looking at
text: their stage outfits.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: So bitchin’, babe.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (she curtseys)
text: Mari is happy and not hiding it; she brought this together.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this a mistake.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Nope. It feels good.
text: Becky looks to Ali for backup.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: It’s pretty alright.
text: Another knock. It’s a PHOTOGRAPHER with the event. Howard is
text: with him and beams with pride at seeing the gang back
text: together. He has on a suit and tie. He has flowers for Becky.
text: He kisses them all on the cheeks and hands. Hands her the
dialog: flowers.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You all look incredible. Thank you.
dialog: Really, thanks for doing this.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Christ Goodman, we’re not Lady Lazarus
dialog: the damn Phoenix.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: It’s my night. You tried hard as you
dialog: could to torpedo my business but
dialog: somehow the company has survived for
dialog: twenty years so let me throw a living
dialog: wake.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Anybody mind if we get a few quick
dialog: photos?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Ahhhh, so that’s why you’re here.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You don’t think I actually wanted to
dialog: see any of you?
text: They all push back against a wall and pose, Howard and Becky
text: in the middle. Smiles all around. Show Mari, Ali and Becky's
text: faces as the flashes go off. Holding smiles. Faking it. Like
text: King Kong having his photo taken. Feel the pressure on Becky
text: as the press and the publicity machine begins to consume her.
text: He exits.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: That’s it. Thanks.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: See you out there?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (to Becky)
dialog: It means a lot to me that you’re here.
text: I mean it. I’m nearly speechless.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Not nearly enough ya big sap. Get
dialog: outta here. Tonight’s not about me.
text: Howard exits and pauses at the door.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Why couldn’t you be this smart ten
dialog: years ago?
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I never thought I’d live this long and
dialog: wanted to avoid it.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: See you ladies on stage.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Hey. Thanks for sticking by me.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: There was never a question.
text: Mari blows a kiss and Ali waves with both hands. You can hear
dialog: the current band finish, yell ‘THANK YOU AND THANK YOU
text: HOWARD’ and applause and they exit the stage.
text: Mari and Ali are noticing how jittery and on edge Becky is.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah’m. Yeah. Fine. It’s iffy and it’s
dialog: odd being back. Do you hear the
dialog: ghosts? The bones and chains rattling?
dialog: Do you feel the spirits of the past?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It's different. This space is the same
dialog: but we’re different.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I’ve never seen it sober before.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I told you. It sucks.
scene_heading: INT. THE VENUE, BECKY'S DRESSING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: It’s the Akergirls and they just got off the stage so they
dialog: are sweaty but very awesome looking. They too have matured
dialog: styles, even though they are still like 26. Super chic, no
text: longer rocker slobbish. Like Zelda in Act 1, they’ve found
dialog: the art crowd and have even done advertising campaigns. They
text: sit in the front at some fashion shows now.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh fuck looky here.
text: All hug, smiles, kisses.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Shit you look ah-may-zing.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: Still breathing.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: That must be it.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Look at this hair.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Alright alright you’re making me feel
text: like a specimen.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: We like, ran from the stage when we
dialog: heard you were here.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: How're things?
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: Our new record just came out.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I know. It’s the best one yet.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Everybody says the one we made
dialog: together is the best.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: That’s because they’re assholes who
dialog: don’t want artists to change. I’m
dialog: serious. It’s on repeat. I love it.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: What about you? Doing anything after
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Tonight?
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: No, like in the futurrre, man.
text: Something She look at one another....elephant in the room.
text: Becky averts her eyes.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Abhhh. Um---
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Unknown. We’re here for Howard. Just
dialog: trying to get through tonight.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Yeah how crazy is this? Did you see
dialog: Zelda's here?
dialog: (looks at Becky)
dialog: Shit, sorry. I forgot.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: It’s fine. We've spoken. She heard
dialog: what I had to say. Actually: she still
dialog: around?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
text: Down the hall.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Maybe this means something. Excuse me.
text: Becky exits swiftly. The room is quiet for a moment.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: It’s great to see you girls. I’m glad
dialog: you're here for this.
text: She looks at Roxie and Dottie, who are warm and affectionate.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Yeah man. Life goes on.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: It’s amazing to see you together. She
text: looks like she’s doing great.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I think she is.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: You know there’s like, a lot of shit
dialog: around tonight. She cool with that?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Probably maybe. Hopefully.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: People are getting real fucked up.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We'll keep an eye on her.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, CORRIDOR - THAT SAME MOMENT 44
text: Becky looks at the doors. None have individual names, all
text: just say ‘Talent’ so she peeks into some open ones and
text: finally finds an ajar one and knocks on it.
scene_heading: INT. THE VENUE, OTHER DRESSING ROOM 45
text: A tattooed girl and a few guys are inside: the girl is VIVVY
text: and she knows Becky, of course. Vivvy is equally cool, but
text: night and day from Becky. Dark hair, dark look.
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: Becky, whoa fuck you look awesome.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Hey Vivvy. Thought you'd be here.
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: Yeah for Howard. Right?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Right on.
text: Becky looks past Vivvy into a room with people around a table
text: with booze and drugs and joints and so on.
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: You wanna hang?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (in a trance, almost)
dialog: Uhhhhhh. No. No. I’m, um, I’m good.
dialog: I’m just Zelda?
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: She's partying with us. Just stepped
dialog: out. Wait for her.
text: Becky looks at the drugs.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: No. I can’t. Just tell her I’m
dialog: looking.
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: It’s great to see you. You doing the
dialog: thing after?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Maybe. Probably not. My daughter’s
dialog: here.
dialog: 46
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: How's Tama?
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: She's good. She’s big. Almost seven.
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: I wanna see her.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah sure. I’1l find you.
text: Becky exits, starting to be disoriented.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, CORRIDOR —- CONTINUOUS 46
text: She is losing her focus in the hallway which is full of crowd
text: noises and the deja vu and the drugs are putting her on edge.
dialog: She hasn't been around drugs since getting clean.
text: There’s a circular disorienting moment where Becky gets light
text: headed. She pauses and then resumes looking for Zelda.
text: She opens Vivvy’s door again, confused.
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: Change your mind?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh, uh no. Sorry I didn’t realize this
dialog: was...yeah sorry.
text: She closes the door and walks off and just as she does Zelda
text: is coming towards her.
text: Zelda looks incredible and is wearing some giant floor length
dialog: gown/cape thing which is extreme and would look not absurd on
text: exactly four people on earth and she is one of them.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Becky Something. As I live and breath.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (flustered, eternally
dialog: uncool next to Zelda)
dialog: Zee. Hey. I was uh, I’s looking for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: What’s it all about? Are you guys on
dialog: soon? I'll be honest, I never thought
dialog: I’d see the day.
dialog: 47
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You and me both, girl.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: You look good. Really good.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Ummmmm. . .
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Looking for me?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh, uh. I mean you can say no and you
dialog: probably will but I’m going to have a
dialog: little seance right now. Very pure,
dialog: really find a clearing on my path
dialog: before we go, like, do this thing. I
dialog: know it’s just this song and I know
dialog: it’s not about me but I want some
dialog: women around me to help---
text: She is rambling. Zelda gets it and tries to sooth Becky.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Relax. I’d love to. Everything's cool.
text: Time passes.
text: They turn and start walking to Becky’s dressing room. They
text: walk in silence, Zelda nearly floating on whatever special
text: air she breaths and Becky, shorter and more anxious than
text: Zelda has ever been. They enter Something She’s room.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, BECKY’S DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 47
text: Becky moves her fingers like a conductor but she is summoning
text: all the women into a circle. She puts her hands down,
text: motioning for everybody to take one another’s hands.
text: Becky starts setting up. Her belief in mysticism is still
text: powerful. She places small items, crystals, rocks, glass, in
text: the hands of all the women, puts ribbons on them and drapes a
text: cloth over a stool in the center. She lights some smoking
text: thing atop it. She has formed a prayer circle.
text: Everybody eyes one another silently, going with it. It’s
text: reminiscent of AA where people take hands. It shows Becky’s
text: belief in powers and a program that has worked for her.
text: Focus on Becky as she does finishing touches. It’s clear: she
dialog: is feeling weak right now and is putting this on to support
text: herself in a time of crisis. The circle nears completion.
text: Becky takes her place between Mari and Ali.
dialog: 104.
text: One by one, we see the faces of the six other women, starting
text: and ending with Becky. They look at one another with
text: confidence, dedication, style and togetherness. Becky takes a
text: final silent pause, closes her eyes, and others follow suit.
text: Becky is humming, some form of Ya-Ema’s chanting. Nobody
text: joins. But after a moment, Becky speaks up.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I am Rebecca Adamczyk. I rely on the
dialog: strength of others for support. Thank
dialog: you all for being here with me.
dialog: Silence. Then:
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I am Mary Louise Heller. I am here for
dialog: you. Thank you all for being here with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I’m Alexandra Derringer. I am here for
dialog: you. Thank you all for being here with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: I am Caroline Schlesinger. I am here
dialog: for you Thank you all for being here
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: I am Danielle Zakien. I am here for
dialog: you. Thank you all for being here with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: I am Rochelle White. I am here for
dialog: you. Thank you all for being here with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: I am Zelda Ellen Benson-Hartman. I am
dialog: here for you. Thank you all for being
dialog: here with me.
text: One face to another. Ritualistic. Calm and beautiful, to see
text: these women together, no energy, no attitude. After a moment:
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Your name really is Zelda?
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Uh huh.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: Fuck that’s so cool.
text: Everybody laughs, smiles, except Becky, who is still
dialog: thinking. Open their eyes. Enjoy the feeling this has given.
text: Becky looks like she is about to say something but closes her
text: mouth. She turns to leave the room and gives everybody a warm
text: look. Finally, at the last moment, she turns back.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: No matter what happens next, thank you
dialog: for letting me be who I am. I’ve tried
dialog: and I’ve tried and I’ve tried and you
dialog: all stuck with me. Until the very end.
text: Becky exits. The women are still feeling good.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: I should finish getting ready. Thanks
dialog: for letting me crash. I know I wasn’t
dialog: always front row at the Becky Show.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: C’mon. You’ve been backstage at the
dialog: Becky Show.
text: Zelda blows double kisses with both hands and exits.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: See you in a few.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: We should change. Still all gross.
speaker_heading: DOTTIE
dialog: We're watching your set though.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Oh shit, yeah. That’s the one thing I
dialog: absolutely can’t miss tonight.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Hope we don’t disappoint.
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Never!
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: (breaking out of a
dialog: thoughtful silence)
dialog: What do you think she meant by ‘until
dialog: the very end’?
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: ROXIE
dialog: It’s just a thing people say.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Yeah. Maybe.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: What? You think...?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I mean what did we just do? What did
dialog: Becky want from us?
speaker_heading: CASSIE
dialog: Strength to overcome?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Uh huh. Or?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: No. She...she’s...not now.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I hope you're right.
scene_heading: 48 THE VENUE, CORRIDOR - THAT SAME MOMENT 48
text: Zelda is walking down the hall. A roadie approaches her.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: Miss Z, can I get you anything?
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: No, thank you.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: If you need anything, don’t hesitate
dialog: to ask.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Thank you, sweetheart.
text: Zelda floats away: Becky as she could have been. All the
dialog: fame, the talent, none of the problems.
text: Zelda turns a corner and sees Danny, Tiffany (with round
text: pregnant belly), Ania with Tama, Lauren and Ali’s husband ROY
text: (scruffy fellow with a beard). Another roadie is showing them
text: to a private area to watch the show.
speaker_heading: ZELDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Danny!
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Zelda. Hi.
speaker_heading: OTHER ROADIE
dialog: Talent only, that way.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: They're with me.
text: They hug and Lauren and Zelda give a more intimate hello,
dialog: showing that in the last five years they hang out sometimes.
speaker_heading: ZELDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Ania)
dialog: You must be Becky’s mother. From down
dialog: the hall I thought you were her.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Oh stop.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: True story.
dialog: Zelda is so charming and makes people so happy.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You remember my wife, Tiffany.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: How’s radio, Dirtbag?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Ha. Good. Merging with competition.
dialog: Payout. Can’t complain. You seen the
dialog: girls?
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: I just came from their room. You want
dialog: me to show where it is?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I think I remember the way.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: They're taking us to the balcony.
dialog: 49
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Nonsense. Watch from back here. C’mon,
dialog: let me take you.
dialog: (to roadie)
dialog: It’s fine. I’ve got them.
text: She leads the group back where she came from.
speaker_heading: ZELDA (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Roy)
dialog: I’m Zelda.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Roy.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Ali is such a beautiful singer. I
dialog: always knew. I love the record you two
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Ah. You’re the one.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Stop. It’s marvelous. Really. And here
dialog: you are. See you all soon.
text: She stops at the dressing room and keeps walking, exiting.
scene_heading: INT. THE VENUE, DRESSING ROOM 49
text: Back into the Something She room. Only Mari is here. She sees
text: the group and wonders what’s going on.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Everything okay?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Plus ones looking for plus funs.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Where’s Rebecca?
text: Mari kisses Ania hello, same to Danny.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Hey Tiffany. Congrats.
dialog: (to Tama)
dialog: Hi darling.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Aunt Mari!
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: She went to unwind or something before
dialog: we play.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Which is when?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Ten minutes?
dialog: Nobody is as concerned as they were in Acts 1, 2 and 3. And
dialog: the lack of concern makes people concerned.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
text: She's probably meditating or
dialog: something.
text: The first roadie comes in, clipboard in hand.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: Eight minutes until Something She.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Eight? Jeez okay let me go look for
dialog: her. Um, you all wait here.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, CORRIDOR —- CONTINUOUS 50
text: Mari walks to another room, quickly, with purpose and worry.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, CATERING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 51
text: Ali is here with Vivvy at a table of food, wine, champagne
text: and other celebratory provisions. It’s lavishly catered.
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: Mari. Hey.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Hey V. You guys seen Becky?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Not since she left.
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: I saw her.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: Like two minutes ago. In our room.
dialog: 52
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: But you’re here.
speaker_heading: VIVVY
dialog: Yeah I left.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Right but when?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Nothing. I mean, come with me?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Excuse us.
text: They exit the room and we follow them.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, CORRIDOR —- CONTINUOUS 52
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I’m sure it’s fine.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You see how stoned Vivvy was?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: So? That's Vivvy.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Becky shouldn’t be hanging with her.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I think they just said hey.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It’s not good to be around that.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: C'mon. Give her the benefit. She's
dialog: probably in our room.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Was just there. That’s why I’m here.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: She’s somewhere else then. Relax.
dialog: You’re nervous about the show.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You're probably right. It’s nuts that
dialog: we're here at all.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: No kidding.
text: They share a brief moment of victory and pride in the journey
dialog: that has led them to this point.
text: Instantly, Howard appears around a corner with a champagne
dialog: bottle.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Have we lost Becky already?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: And that is the big question of the
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I'll have a stroke! I was joking.
dialog: Goddamnit not this again ahhh
dialog: sonofabitch where is she?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Around. Relaxing, we assume.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Zelda said we could switch with her if
dialog: we need more time.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: One smooth night. After all these
dialog: years is that too much?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: I’m sure she’s back by now.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I’ll say hello to Danny.
text: They walk back to the Something She dressing room. Vivvy
text: crosses opposite with several others loopy and in party mode.
text: Mari studies this: she doesn’t like how the signs are piling
text: up. There’s a chill, a tension here that walking behind
text: Howard, Mari and Ali express to one another.
dialog: 53
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, DRESSING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 53
dialog: This is all getting very fast again. We’re heading back to
text: the speed of Act 1. Present in the room: Ali, Mari, Howard,
text: Danny, Tiffany, Lauren, Roy.
text: Everybody looks around. There’s tension mounting. A roadie
text: pops his head in. Howard puts the bottle down.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
text: Five minutes.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Tama had to use the bathroom so Ania
dialog: said she’d look there.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: With the Akergirls?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Negative. Just saw them.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Vivvy?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: This isn’t because I’m here, is it?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We're long past that.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: Is she already at the stage?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: First time for everything, I guess.
text: Lauren takes Mari’s hand. Roy takes Ali’s. Everybody is being
text: silent, trying hard not to say it.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Do we have faith?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: She’s earned it.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: She has. The last few weeks have been
dialog: great, actually.
speaker_heading: ROY
dialog: She stayed with us upstate. It was
dialog: rad.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: It’s the old Becky.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Which Old Becky, though?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: The good one.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We have to play. So let’s go to the
dialog: stage and we’ll find Becky waiting
dialog: there.
text: Ali and Mari lead the group out of the room.
scene_heading: 54 THE VENUE, CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS 54
text: We follow the big train of people.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We'll let you do your thing.
dialog: (to Roy)
dialog: Let’s get our seats.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I’1l come with.
text: Mari kisses Lauren and they break off with Tiffany, who
text: kisses Danny, seeing how nervous and unhappy he is.
scene_heading: 55 THE VENUE, BEHIND THE STAGE - CONTINUOUS 55
text: Cut away to the back of Becky’s head. Far away. Isolated.
text: Mysterious. (Act 4 type moment.) It’s slow motion, curious
text: and different from how the rest of things move here.
text: We can’t see her face. We drift with her and see that she is
text: with guitar, strap on shoulder, She is looking out at the
text: stage as it calls to her for the first time in many years.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 114.
text: From behind Becky, you see the gang approaching. We see her
text: see them but it’s still far enough away to be mysterious.
text: Nobody can see her face because she is lit from behind.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS 56
text: Back to the group.
speaker_heading: MARI
text: Holy shit look. She’s there. She’s
dialog: ready.
text: Roadie pops in.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: Four minutes!
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We were right.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Why is she standing like that?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: She’s nervous. I know I am.
text: Danny registers something slightly off. He isn’t sure what.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: She’s nervous. She’s alone.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, BEHIND THE STAGE - CONTINUOUS 57
text: Back behind Becky who hasn’t waved or moved yet. It plays
text: like she might be paralyzed with anxiety and it isn’t until
text: now, when we see from behind Becky that people are finally
text: pretty close to her that, one by one, in close up and in slow
dialog: motion, we individually see people are they come closer and
text: Becky steps one step forward into the light.
text: We see: Howard and Danny. Ali and Mari. Each shows different
text: emotions, from confusion to relief to uncertainty. Becky
text: remains far away, backlit by a spotlight.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We need to go to her.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: D---
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: 115.
text: Mari and Ali walk towards Becky. We stay behind, watching the
text: three women from afar, the perspective of spectators.
text: Still silent. Still calm. Slow. See people’s reactions again.
text: This moment is about seeing Danny and Howard. Their faces are
text: unambiguously ambiguous. Each is certain of something else:
text: the worst. The best. Nobody knows for sure.
text: From a distance we see the emotional huddle of Something She.
text: Becky is shuffling. Mari is strong and confident as she puts
text: Becky’s head on her shoulder. Ali seems more reluctant to
text: embrace. It’s not clear what is being said but it is clear
dialog: what is happening: they trust one and love one another.
text: Mari and Ali look Becky in the eyes and clearly she gives a
text: definitive answer. They pause. Her head is forcefully
text: nodding, even though she seems wobbly and weak.
text: Becky and Mari walk back to Howard and Danny.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
dialog: She'll be fine.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: Three minutes!
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: She’1l be fine? What does that mean
dialog: she'll be fine? Is she straight? Is
dialog: she messed up? Can she perform?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: She’s good. We’re good.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Find Zelda! See if she can go on.
text: The roadie runs to find Zelda.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Zelda isn’t going on now. We are.
text: Everybody looks at Becky: nervous, by the stage.
text: Becky looks up as Ania and Tama return from the bathroom. She
text: pauses: the appearance of her mother and daughter make Becky
text: freeze. She looks directly at them.
text: Ania sees her in the backlight, wobbly and loopy. She looks
text: like she knows something nobody else knows about Becky.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Tell me. What does this mean?
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It means what you want it to mean,
dialog: Danny boy.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Does she-- has she taken anything?
text: Tama runs from the group over to Becky. We go with her,
text: swooping towards Becky, getting close, finally.
text: Becky swoops up Tama, so energized and happy to finally see
text: her mom play for a crowd. This happiness makes Becky break.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: I wanna say good luck before your
dialog: concert mommy.
text: She kisses Becky. At this, Becky breaks down. Not into tears
text: but into herself. It all goes in rather than coming out.
text: Danny, Ania, Howard, Mari and Ali have all come to Becky now.
text: She hands Tama to Danny and with the weight of a world of
text: shame crushing her, faces her supporters.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: At the end I have to be me. I caused a
dialog: lot of pain and I’m sorry. I was so
dialog: nervous. I am so nervous. I don’t know
dialog: how to go out there like that. All by
dialog: myself.
text: Rambling in her own stream of thoughts, newly laden with
text: regret, disappointment, sadness and a sense of self awareness
text: we've never seen before. Everybody moves towards her, not
text: angry, but with love. Ready to embrace her, because that’s
dialog: all she ever wanted or needed.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: All I ever wanted was for you to be
dialog: yourself.
text: The roadie comes back with Zelda.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: Forty five seconds. Forty five to
dialog: show.
text: Zelda looks at what is happening and tries to catch up.
speaker_heading: ZELDA
dialog: Oh Becky. Becky, darling. Are you
dialog: okay?
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Things are okay. Things will be okay.
text: She looks to Mari and Ali. They are there for her.
text: Everybody is confused, but there’s nothing more to say. There
dialog: are no answers here, except one: the show must go on.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: We are ready for Something She in
dialog: Thirty.
text: Danny and Ania step aside. The band stays together. Zelda is
text: off to the side by the roadie.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: We should go.
speaker_heading: ANIA
dialog: Leave?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: No. Go watch the show.
text: They exit. Mari and Ali face Becky. Just the three of them.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: Fifteen.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Are we okay?
text: Becky nods, a little weakly.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: Ten, nine, eight, seven...
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Rebecca never went on stage exposed
dialog: and alone. She never knew how.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: You’re not on your own.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You never were on your own.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah. Okay.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE
dialog: Three, two, one. Show time folks.
dialog: That’s a cue for Something She.
text: He motions to the stage and the house lights go down
text: spotlight hits the on stage microphone.
speaker_heading: RANDOM ROADIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Howard? Introduce the band.
text: Howard looks at Becky, unsure what to do.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: It’s okay. I’m ready to go.
dialog: 118.
dialog: anda
text: Ali and Mari nod to him to go. Howard steps to the stage and
text: the perspective of him remains in the wings as he starts
text: talking. We hear his story while mostly watching Becky, Mari
text: and Ali hold one another’s hands and faces and get ready.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I first saw this next band...almost
dialog: ten, god, no, eleven years ago. They
dialog: were opening for, well, it doesn’t
dialog: matter who they were opening for
dialog: because I left right after their set.
text: Ran backstage. Dropped to my knees and
dialog: begged to let me sign them. And this
dialog: woman, this once in a lifetime, never
dialog: been anyone like her in the world,
text: fire brand of a woman, her hair dyed
text: bright blue, looks down at me, a
dialog: desperate pathetic adult man ina
dialog: leather jacket and no established
dialog: career, a label that I ran out of my
text: mother’s basement, begging to work
dialog: with her. And at this time, she’s a
dialog: nobody. Keep in mind, this was maybe
dialog: their ninth show. And you know what
text: she does? She looks me in the eye and
dialog: says ‘Who the fuck are you to want to
dialog: work with a star like me?’
speaker_heading: (CROWD LAUGHTER)
dialog: This woman, who had nothing, nobody
dialog: even knew her name, made me beg.
dialog: Tortured me for months as I pursued
text: her, followed her, sweetening the
dialog: offer until finally she gave me a
dialog: chance to talk terms. So we plan to
text: meet for breakfast. She shows up at
dialog: two and I realize we've only ever
text: spoken at shows. The band is hung over
dialog: as hell, and I probably was too.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 58
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (CONT'D)
text: She sits down and looks me in the eye
dialog: after months of making me chase, beg,
dialog: everything, she looks at me and she
dialog: says ‘who are you again and what is
dialog: this about?’
speaker_heading: (CROWD LAUGHTER)
text: We are still on Becky, Ali and Mari. Zelda is behind them.
text: Becky looks up to the balcony/VIP area at Tama and this gives
text: her strength to get her head straight, close her eyes and
text: focus. She gives her head to Ali and Mari and they hold her.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: We've been together ever since.
text: Through the ups, the downs, a friendly
dialog: lawsuit or two, but mostly, it’s the
dialog: good times I think about. Both of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: (CROWD LAUGHTER)
dialog: I love and respect the hell out of
dialog: these and am proud to call them
dialog: family. Please give a Paragon welcome,
dialog: together for the first time in nearly
dialog: four years: Becky Something, Ali Van
dialog: Der Wolff and Marielle Hell. Ladies
dialog: and gentlemen: SOMETHING SHE!
text: The crowd goes insane. It’s unreal to see these women
text: together again. Howard gestures to the stage and Becky
text: freezes like a deer in headlights.
text: She looks out at him, the spotlights, the audience, hears the
text: applause and she can’t move. Mari and Ali are by her side.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Is it today? Is today the day I don’t
dialog: make it?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: No. Today is not the day.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: We're with you.
scene_heading: THE VENUE, THE STAGE — CONTINUOUS 58
text: Something She takes the stage and it’s nuts. Totally electric
dialog: and you feel the excitement of them being together. It feels
dialog: iconic because it really is. People never thought it would
dialog: happen, including Mari and Ali.
dialog: 120.
text: Becky looks up at Tama, who gives her a big happy thumbs up
text: and Becky catches it with a kiss and puts it in her pocket.
text: The applause goes on and it hits Becky as strong as huge dose
dialog: of anything she’s ever taken. Whatever she was dealing with,
dialog: the anxiety, the years of recovery, it’s nothing compared to
text: this. She becomes old Becky: arms out receiving the love,
text: begging for more. Eating it up.
text: Ali and Mari are beaming and all three embrace for a pre show
text: pose and flash bulbs are exploding and the stage lighting is
dialog: dramatic and colorful and it’s amazing and Becky is really
text: happy and looks luminescent in the spotlight.
text: She steps to the microphone.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Where ya been?
scene_heading: WILD APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh and thanks Howard for the bullshit
dialog: story because I don’t remember it
dialog: happening like that at all.
text: Side of the stage: Howard laughs and finds another mic.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Do you remember it at all?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I do remember the blue hair.
scene_heading: (LAUGHTER FROM CROWD)
dialog: Oh but what to say what to say what to
dialog: say! Okay so I know this is all about
dialog: Howard but I’ve heard enough kind
dialog: things about him to last a lifetime
dialog: and those are the ones he says about
dialog: himself.
scene_heading: (LAUGHTER FROM CROWD)
dialog: So I dunno what else is there?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I used to think of myself as an island
dialog: and it took me a lifetime to realize
dialog: that without people like these women
dialog: beside me nobody is nothin’ and I
dialog: dunno if you heard but I haven't
dialog: exactly done this lately and I’m like
dialog: a little pee shy or whatever and I
dialog: know I didn’t ask them about this and
dialog: Howard if I know you you’ve got some
dialog: big bullshit finale planned and I
dialog: wasn’t included and I don’t wanna ruin
dialog: it bit I’m gonna because I’ve been
dialog: through some shit and there’s lotsa
dialog: people who I wouldn’t be here without
dialog: and only like eight of em are here and
dialog: only like four of em are musicians not
dialog: in this band so if Crassy Cassie,
dialog: Roxie Rotten, Dottie 0.Z. and cause I
dialog: am full of love tonight, Zelda E.
text: Zekial care to come up on stage and
dialog: help me stumble through this bullshit?
text: Becky is wired and, drugs or no drugs, she is fun, energetic
dialog: and workable. Not a disaster.
text: The crowd goes more insane for this super group gathering as
text: one by one these women come out and bow to the applause.
text: Becky hugs each one and makes eye contact with Danny, Ania
text: and Tama (near Lauren, Tiffany and Roy) in the balcony.
text: She puts her arm around Zelda and steps to the mic and is
text: bursting with adrenaline and might explode.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Cut the bullshit and love each other,
dialog: okay?
text: People applaud and cannot wait to hear music and Zelda kisses
text: Becky. It’s really complete to see a rivalry buried publicly.
text: Becky pulls the women in and huddles, muttering the plan.
text: They take positions and the Akergirls get instruments and
text: Zelda gets a tambourine or some noisy hand instrument and
text: Becky and Mari and Ali exchange a warm and loving look and
text: Ali gives a drumstick count and the song starts.
text: It’s rousing, singalong ready. Everybody can take half a
text: verse and sing together, beautifully, on the choruses. Two
text: minute long burst of pure punk and the song has a narrative,
text: about the ups and downs of being on tour in a band with
text: nothing. One by one they share the mic to tell this story.
dialog: (the song is written by Alicia Bognanno/Bully)
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: BECKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I stopped counting
dialog: Lost track of time
dialog: Ran out of patience
dialog: I know what’s mine, I know what’s mine
dialog: You get me angry
dialog: You read me wrong
dialog: I kinda like it.
dialog: Kills to belong, kills to belong.
text: If I don’t breath I can feel her barely walking
dialog: Take over me
dialog: She’s alive and I’m on to something
dialog: I’d give ten years for a piece of her mind
dialog: I would
dialog: I’d give a hundred just to hit rewind
dialog: My hands are easy
dialog: And my aim is blind
dialog: Resist the feeling
dialog: Control my mind, control my mind.
dialog: I beg politely.
dialog: To lie alone
dialog: Nothing’s forever.
dialog: This much I know. This much I know.
text: If I don’t breath I can feel her barely walking
dialog: Take over me
dialog: She’s alive and I’m on to something
dialog: I’d give ten years for a piece of her mind
dialog: I would
dialog: I’d give a hundred just to hit rewind
dialog: If I don’t breath....If I don’t breath...
text: It’s so fucking awesome and the crowd goes insane at the end.
text: Glorious beyond all belief. From the stage wings, Howard is
text: cheering and deeply touched.
text: (The VIP area: Ania, Danny, Tiffany, Lauren and Roy love it.
text: Danny makes quick eye contact with Becky and takes Tama
text: through an exit door.)
text: All seven women bow and things are so positive and Becky is
text: sweating like crazy and on her face there’s tears with the
text: sweat and she falls into a loving embrace with Mari and Ali,
text: who has come out from behind the kit.
text: Zelda and the Akergirls step back to let Something She have
text: this. Becky hugs all of them and the moment feels complete.
text: Becky has been occupied with where Danny was headed and is
text: laser focused on it and without saying anything walks off
text: quickly to intercept them. Drifting away from the victory.
dialog: 59
dialog: 123.
text: Mari and Ali leave the stage and walk past Howard who doesn’t
text: know what will happen, alone now. The crowd is chanting:
speaker_heading: CROWD
text: BECKY! BECKY! BECKY!
scene_heading: THE VENUE, BEHIND THE STAGE - THAT SAME MOMENT 59
text: Stay with Becky, behind her, hoping to catch Danny. She only
text: makes it a few steps before seeing him standing there with
text: her daughter. He is proud and hands Tama to Becky once again.
text: Becky is standing in the exact same spot off the side of the
text: stage where she was in the first shot of the movie, pre
text: encore, and just like then the crowd is chanting.
speaker_heading: CROWD (0.S.)
text: BECKY! BECKY! BECKY!
text: She holds Tama who is happy and smiling because she’s never
dialog: seen her mom be so wild and has never heard rock before so
text: this is her first concert and first exposure to rock.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Did you see mommy up there?
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Best song I ever saw!
text: Becky is woozy from adrenaline (and maybe more) and holds
text: Tama close to her. She can’t stand up. She leans on the wall.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Momma is gonna be better, baby, for
dialog: you. I promise.
speaker_heading: CROWD (0.S.)
text: BECKY! BECKY! BECKY!
text: Mari and Ali have been watching Becky with Tama.
dialog: Everybody knows that Becky only needed to get this one thing
text: out of the way to move on with the rest of her life. Becky
text: Something, on stage again. Drugs or no. Sober on stage for
text: the first time or simply back on stage after years away.
dialog: It’s all mostly over now. She’s not a junkie, really,
text: anymore. But recovery is a long process and Danny, Mari, and
dialog: Ali all know that and know that they need to be supportive of
dialog: Becky right now, as they always have been.
speaker_heading: CROWD (0.S.) (CONT'D)
text: BECKY! BECKY!
dialog: 124.
text: Howard comes back to find them. He looks so excited.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: They want more. You got one more?
text: Becky looks at Mari and Ali and then down at Tama, just
text: holding her mom’s chest and being so happy because she now
dialog: loves rock and roll.
speaker_heading: TAMA
dialog: Go play more momma!
text: Becky pauses and thinks. Mari and Ali are ready to go for one
text: more. Becky is now clear headed and determined once again.
text: Becky looks around at her loved ones. The crowd keeps
text: chanting as Mari and Ali embrace and look like acceptance and
dialog: peace have found them at last.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: No. That’s all I got. It’s over.
text: Becky holds Tama and closes her eyes as she leans back on the
dialog: wall.
scene_heading: END OF ACT FIVE.
text: THE END.
dialog: 
