speaker_heading: HEREDITARY
dialog: By
dialog: Ari Aster
dialog: 11-30-2016
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - MORNING 1
text: An impressive room serving as an ARTIST’S WORKSHOP. It’s
text: empty, but evidence of frantic creative activity abounds.
text: We PAN across the wall, crossing a series of meticulously
text: hand-crafted DOLLHOUSES, mostly works in progress. As we
text: drift past these unfinished dioramas, our trajectory becomes
dialog: clearer...
text: We are moving in on an extraordinary sculpture of a
text: beautiful, rustic CRAFTSMAN HOME, at 1:8 scale. Its front
text: wall has been removed, exposing its rooms in graphic
text: tableaux. This huge miniature is painstakingly detailed. It’s
text: adorned with shrunken props/decorations (flashlights, pill
text: bottles, shoes, etc.) and teensy furniture, all flawlessly
text: rendered and distinguishable ONLY IN SIZE from their full-
dialog: scale models.
text: We continue to pan/track across the miniature, edging CLOSER
text: AND CLOSER as we drift along its tiny rooms. We finally
text: arrive at a miniature replica of a TEENAGE BOY’S BEDROOM on
dialog: the second floor.
text: We push towards this until the ROOM FILLS THE FRAME. The
text: bright morning sun beams in through its window. It becomes
text: apparent that a handsome, skinny BOY is sleeping in the bed.
speaker_heading: This is PETER GRAHAM (17).
text: We continue pushing gently in, remaining in a wide of the
text: room (whose status as a miniature has now been confused). The
text: door opens and STEVE GRAHAM (47) - tall, broad-shouldered,
text: formal - pops his head in. He wears a black suit.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: All right, Petey. Wake up time.
text: Peter stirs awake. Steve drops a folded-up BLACK SUIT AND TIE
text: on the foot of the bed.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Here’s your suit.
text: MAX, the family’s golden retriever, shuffles happily in
text: through the door.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Did your sister sleep in her room
dialog: last night?
scene_heading: EXT. GRAHAM HOUSE - SAME TIME 2
text: Wide on the house, revealing that it is IDENTICAL to the
text: miniature that we saw in the workshop. The surrounding
text: landscape is blanketed with SNOW.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 2.
text: Steve exits a back door to approach a very large TREEHOUSE.
text: It is joined to a sturdy oak and hovers fifteen feet above
text: the ground. We are subtly BOOMING DOWN from this wide view
text: (as Steve begins to climb the tree) to arrive at a parked CAR
text: - one of two family cars - in the foreground.
text: Sitting in the passenger seat is a bereaved woman (45). She
text: wears all black, and is beautiful in a worn way. This is
text: ANNIE GRAHAM, and she looks emotionally exhausted.
text: She wears a delicate NECKLACE bearing an ORNATE SIGIL, which
text: she compulsively fingers.
scene_heading: EXT. TREEHOUSE - SAME TIME 3
text: Steve pokes his head into the treehouse, where he finds:
text: CHARLIE - a plump, androgynous fourteen year old girl - lying
text: asleep on the floor. She wears a parka and pajama bottoms.
text: Beside her is a DRAWING PAD and an open SHOEBOX.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Oh my God, Charlie. Are you crazy?
text: Charlie wakes up, her nose pink and runny. When she notices
text: Steve, she frantically reaches to SHUT the shoebox.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is how you get pneumonia!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: It’s okay.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Your mom’s in the car already,
dialog: we're late.
scene_heading: INT. FUNERAL HOME - CHAPEL - MORNING 4
text: A moderately attended FUNERAL. (A large group of MEN AND
dialog: WOMEN observe from the back.)
text: Before the altar, an OPEN CASKET rests beside a blown up
text: photo of the deceased ELLEN LEIGH, Annie’s 75 year old
dialog: mother.
text: Annie, Steve, Charlie (now wearing an oversized black dress
text: over her pajama bottoms) and Peter sit in the first row of
text: chairs. They listen as a LARGE WOMAN (60s) speaks in
dialog: remembrance of Ellen.
speaker_heading: LARGE WOMAN
dialog: Ellen was a tough one. She didn't
dialog: mince words, she abhorred the
dialog: sentimental, and she was honest.
dialog: And I know that's how she raised
dialog: her children, Annie and Charles -
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 3.
speaker_heading: LARGE WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: - may he rest in peace... To always
dialog: be honest...
text: Half-listening (half-wincing), Annie’s attention is drawn to
text: CHARLIE, who makes a quiet CLICKING noise with her tongue.
dialog: This is a tic.
text: Suddenly, a bird FLAPS out from the rafters, startling the
dialog: congregation.
text: The bird settles on a ceiling perch. It is a WHIPPOORWILL. It
text: looks down, fixing its gaze on Annie. Annie looks very
text: disturbed. Off-screen, the Large Woman continues.
speaker_heading: MINUTES LATER
text: Annie is now on the PLATFORM.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I just wanna say first...it’s very
dialog: heartening to see so many strange
dialog: new faces here today. I know my mom
dialog: would be very touched (and probably
dialog: a little suspicious) if she could
dialog: see this turn-out, so...
text: Annie looks down to now read from a heavily edited loose-leaf
text: page. This is her eulogy. (Not used to reading in public, she
dialog: rarely looks up from the paper.)
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: My mother was an intensely
text: secretive and private woman. She
dialog: had private rituals, private
dialog: friends, private anxieties... It
dialog: honestly feels like a betrayal just
dialog: to be standing here talking about
dialog: her...
text: Annie pauses. She looks at the paragraph. It’s very long, and
dialog: begins with the sentence “My mother was a chameleon." She
text: decides to skip ahead to the next paragraph.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: She was a very difficult woman to
dialog: read. If you ever thought you knew
dialog: what was going on with her - and
dialog: God forbid you tried to confront
dialog: that.../
dialog: (stops...pauses...skips
dialog: ahead)
dialog: ...But when her life was
dialog: unpolluted, she could easily be the
dialog: sweetest, warmest, most loving
dialog: person in the world...
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 4.
text: Charlie is DRAWING a weepy caricature of Annie at the
text: platform. Steve watches this in the corner of his eye.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
text: (pauses, skips again to
dialog: the next paragraph)
dialog: .-.-She was also incredibly
dialog: stubborn. Which maybe explains me.
text: Scattered, knowing laughter.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You could always count on her to
dialog: always have the answer....
text: She stops short, eyes on the paper. The sentence would
dialog: continue “and if she ever WAS mistaken - well, that was YOUR
dialog: opinion and you were WRONG.”
text: Suddenly remorseful, Annie (off-book) asserts:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I did love her.
text: Charlie is still drawing. Steve closes the notepad. He points
dialog: to Annie: “Listen to your mother." Charlie grudgingly
text: obliges.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: She was especially strong about
dialog: food. When I was a girl and I had
dialog: to eat my veggies...
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The mourners have been invited up to view the deceased and
text: say goodbye. Organ music plays as Annie, Steve, Peter (who
text: doesn’t look) and Charlie shuffle by.
text: Charlie peers into the open casket to see her grandmother's
text: CORPSE. It wears a NECKLACE with a delicate SIGIL ORNAMENT
text: (identical to Annie’s). The seams in the corpse’s make-up are
text: eerily apparent and the lips are slightly twisted.
text: Unnerved, Charlie looks away. She meets eyes with a smiling
text: MIDDLE-AGED BLONDE MAN standing in the queue behind her. He’s
text: STARING at her - an overly sentimental look in his eyes.
text: Disturbed, Charlie averts her eyes. “Yeesh."”
speaker_heading: SECONDS LATER
text: An older WOMAN arrives at the open casket. Her finger is
text: dipped into a small bottle of OIL. She quickly and covertly
text: STREAKS the oil along the corpse’s lips.
text: Seeing this, a following mourner squints with bewilderment.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 5.
scene_heading: INT. CAR (MOVING) - LATE AFTERNOON 5
text: Steve is at the wheel, driving back home. Annie sits
text: passenger, and Peter and Charlie sit in the back. They drive
text: past a gathering of DEER.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: How did you keep from screaming
dialog: during Judy’s speech?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Ha. Well, if you could...!
text: Peter EYES the back of Annie’s head. She seems to grate on
text: his nerves. Meanwhile, Charlie is back to making clicking
text: noises with her tongue. She does this while unwrapping a
scene_heading: CHOCOLATE BAR.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: How about that bird flying in?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yeah, that was weird.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That was too weird. The timing? It
dialog: felt like it was my mom.
text: Steve nods, betraying a look of CONCERN. Annie self-
dialog: consciously backtracks:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Not actually, obviously. Just - it
dialog: struck me.
text: Annie notices Charlie eating the chocolate bar.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! Are there nuts in that?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Better not be.
text: Annie returns her attention to the road. Steve lovingly takes
text: her hand. She smiles at him.
text: Charlie, irritated, looks very tense.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I don’t like going back without
dialog: grandma.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Well, sweetie...do you understand
dialog: why we have to?
dialog: 
text: Charlie just tenses up, eyes narrowing onto the floor.
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM HOUSE - FOYER - EVENING 6
text: The house is unlit and seemingly vacant.
text: Off-screen, we hear FEET SCURRYING and a DOOR CLOSING. Max,
text: the golden retriever, BARKS in reaction to this.
text: A moment later, the front door opens and the Graham family
text: enters. They stamp the snow off their boots and remove their
dialog: coats.
text: Max runs up, desperate to greet them. Steve bends down to
dialog: happily receive him.
text: Charlie moves toward the stairs, still wearing her boots.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hey hey -- shoes off.
text: Charlie pulls off her boots. She and Peter start separately
text: up the stairs. Steve, looking down, notices dried FOOT-PRINTS
text: around the foyer.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: See? What’s with all these
dialog: footprints? I’m tired of reminding
dialog: everybody.
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - EVENING 7
text: Annie is at her work desk. It’s a mess of paints, props, wood
text: pieces, etc. She wears magnifying eye-glasses as she
text: carefully paints eyes onto a SMALL DOCTOR FIGURINE for a
text: MINIATURE HOSPICE. A figurine of an old woman - presumably
text: Annie’s mother - lies in a miniature hospital bed.
text: Steve enters, disrupting Annie’s focus.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Just working.
text: Steve casually rests a glass of water and a PILL on the
text: table. She downs it without question.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Still toiling on the hospice?
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 7.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Between that and the pre-school.
text: There is a half-finished MINIATURE PRE-SCHOOL in the corner.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: How far are we now? Seven months?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Six and a half.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: Yow. Comin’ up.
text: Her eyes widen with stress.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Any title ideas yet?
text: Annie grabs her laptop and pulls up a PDF for a poster
text: promoting an upcoming EXHIBITION of her artwork. It features
text: a photo of a magnificent living room miniature. Below this
text: are the words “TITLE HERE” in bold, followed by “The Work of
dialog: Annie Leigh.”
speaker_heading: ANNIE STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the photo they wanna
dialog: use. Ooh, I love that one.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: The gallery owner keeps suggesting
dialog: Your Life in Miniature for the
dialog: title.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What do you think of that?
text: Annie looks at him, incredulous. “Are you serious?”
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: No good?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It’s horrible!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (conceding)
dialog: Yeah. A little trite.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: A lot trite! Are you kidding? She
dialog: won't stop suggesting it!
text: Steve looks to a stack of LARGE MOVING BOXES in the corner.
text: They're marked “Mom’s Things” in Annie’s handwriting.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 8.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You want me to put that stuff in
dialog: the attic?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: ...-Yeah. Maybe not just yet.
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 8
text: Peter sits up in bed, holding a guitar. He improvises a
text: clunky tune as a muted TV plays cartoons. His eyes are onthe
dialog: TV.
text: The door cracks open and Steve pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Goodnight, kiddo.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: ‘Night, dad.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ..-What you playing?
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Just plucking random strings.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (nods, then)
dialog: You feeling okay about everything?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Yeah. Fine.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Little sad?
text: Peter shrugs again. He clearly wasn’t fond of Ellen.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah. I know.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Okay, buddy. Love you.
text: Steve KISSES in Peter’s direction. Peter kisses back. Steve
text: walks off, leaving the door open.
text: A moment later, Annie walks up to the doorway, still wearing
text: her magnifying eye-glasses. She’s holding a prop in one hand,
text: a fine paintbrush in the other.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: ‘Night sweetheart.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Goodnight. I’m sorry about your mom.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 9.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Thank you. I’m sorry about your
dialog: grandma.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: ..-Thank you.
text: Annie smiles, hesitates, and walks off. There’s a very loaded
dialog: tension between these two.
text: After Annie is gone, Peter climbs out of bed to shut the
text: door. He LOCKS it.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 9
text: Charlie’s room is that of a young artist. The walls are
text: covered in drawings, and the desks and other surfaces are
text: littered with different HANDMADE HUMAN MANIKINS and SMALL
text: STATUES (all made of disparate parts - mostly found objects).
text: Annie sits on the edge of Charlie’s bed. Charlie is under the
text: covers. Annie has opened Charlie’s drawing pad to see a
text: CARICATURE of Annie’s mother’s corpse in its casket.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That’s grandma?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I dunno.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You know you were her favorite?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (looking away)
dialog: No I wasn’t.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (pouncing)
dialog: Oh yes you absolutely were! Even when
dialog: you were a little baby, she wouldn't
dialog: let me feed you because she needed to
dialog: feed you. It drove me crazy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She said I was supposed to be a boy.
text: Annie knows this. She hesitates, wanting to say the right
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How do you feel about that?
text: Charlie shrugs.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 10.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You know I was a tomboy growing up?
dialog: I hated dresses and dolls and pink.
text: Charlie’s heard this before. She has tensed up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (looking away, quietly)
dialog: Who’s gonna take care of me?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (mock offended)
dialog: Ummm, excuse me? You don’t think
dialog: I’m gonna take care of you?!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But when you die...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: ..+.-Then dad will take care of you.
dialog: Or Peter.
text: Charlie’s head remains turned. Discouraged, Annie turns back
text: the page of the drawing pad. She now sees the caricature of
text: her, crying at the pulpit.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who's this one?
text: No answer. Annie takes it personally, but pretends not to.
text: She closes the book with a smile.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You never even cried as a baby -
dialog: you know that? Not even when you
dialog: were born.
text: Charlie ignores this.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you feel like you wanted to cry
dialog: today?
text: Without looking at Annie, Charlie shrugs a tense “I don’t
dialog: know.”
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think that might feel like a
dialog: relief?
text: Charlie remains miles away.
text: Annie looks up to notice that a difficult-to-read WORD (looks
text: like “Satony”) has been CARVED into the wall behind Charlie's
text: bed. Annie pauses, lets it go, and then bends down to KISS
text: Charlie’s forehead.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 11.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Goodnight, sweetie.
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - NIGHT 10
text: Annie enters. Outside the window: peaceful snowfall.
text: Annie hesitates before walking over to the box labeled “Mom’s
text: Things." She reluctantly opens it...
text: The box is filled with bottled oils and herbs. At the top of
text: the box is a PHOTO ALBUM titled “Memories.” Annie opens it to
text: sift through photos of her mother. She lays the album back
text: into the box, and then notices a stack of worn HARDBACKS. She
text: pulls one out. “NOTES ON SPIRITUALISM.”
text: This calls back unwelcome memories. Annie dumps the book back
text: into the box, and PUSHES the box away.
text: Annie walks to the door and flips off the light, leaving the
text: room in darkness (save for the moonlight). She’s about to
text: leave, but something makes her FREEZE.
text: Standing motionless in a dark corner (almost too dark to make
text: out) is ANNIE’S MOTHER, ELLEN - wearing the same outfit as
text: the funeral. She’s staring at Annie. SMILING.
text: Annie, nearly paralyzed with fear, reaches for the light
text: switch. Without looking away, she turns the light back ON.
text: Her mother is gone.
text: Annie remains motionless.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Mom?
text: Annie's eyes are now drawn to...
text: A dusty older MINIATURE in the corner. It's a replica of
text: Annie's bedroom. A figurine of Annie (in her early thirties)
text: BREASTFEEDS a baby. Standing beside her is a figurine of an
text: OLDER WOMAN (Annie’s mother) holding her naked BREAST out of
text: her nightgown. She leans over, offering it to the baby.
text: Competing with Annie.
text: Troubled by this, Annie walks briskly to the miniature and
text: TURNS it away. It’s now facing the wall as Annie returns to
text: the door, flicks off the light, and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - MINUTES LATER 11
text: Annie climbs into bed with Steve.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I just scared myself in the
dialog: workshop.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 12.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Oh no. With what?
text: Annie pauses. Thinks about telling him. Steve looks
text: interested/slightly worried. Annie thinks better of it.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: . No?
dialog: She smiles “nah.”
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Annie turns off the bedside lamp and gives Steve a blunt
dialog: kiss.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (before she can pull
dialog: away )
dialog: Mm, mm - no you don’t.
text: He EXTENDS the kiss, making it last. Then:
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Goodnight.
scene_heading: 12 INT. HIGH SCHOOL CLASSROOM - NEXT MORNING 12
dialog: Charlie’s “special needs” class.
text: Scrawled on the blackboard are the words “Quiet means
text: Silence!” and all the students are indeed silent as they take
text: a quiz.
text: The TEACHER (40s) walks along the rows of desks, overlooking
text: the quiz-takers. He comes to CHARLIE, whose quiz is upside-
text: down. In her lap, she is assembling a small manikin’s body
text: with disparate found objects (wood, metal, cardboard, etc).
speaker_heading: TEACHER CHARLIE
dialog: Are you done? (looking up, startled)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: .--Almost.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: So maybe we finish the toy after
dialog: the quiz? What do you think?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ...Okay.
text: The teacher gently turns the quiz right-side-up. Charlie is
text: extremely tense through this.
dialog: 13
dialog: 13.
text: Suddenly a PIGEON flies into the window, slamming its head.
text: The impact breaks its neck.
text: The classroom erupts with excitement - “Oh my God!” “Did you
text: see that?!” - but not Charlie. She stares tensely at her
text: desk, still disturbed by the teacher's interference.
text: Charlie’s EYES scan up. They alight on a pair of SCISSORS on
text: the Teacher’s desk.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL CLASSROOM - DAY 13
text: Peter’s English class. The chalkboard reads:
dialog: Themes
dialog: - Escaping Fate.
dialog: - Relationship between knowledge and responsibility.
dialog: - "No man considered fortunate until he is dead."
text: The teacher, MR. DAVIES (30s), tries to facilitate a group
text: discussion. He holds a copy of Sophocles’ The Women of
dialog: Trachis.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES
dialog: So if we're going by the rule that
text: a hero is undone by his fatal flaw,
dialog: what was Heracles’ flaw?
scene_heading: SMART-ASS STUDENT
dialog: Fucking his mom.
text: Some laughter from the class.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES
dialog: Wrong play, Sam. And watch your
dialog: language.
text: Meanwhile, Peter is being hypnotized by BRIDGET (17), the
text: attractive girl sitting in front of him. Peter’s rapt
text: attention is glued to the butt of her jeans.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, guys: What was Heracles’
dialog: flaw?
text: Bridget now speaks up:
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Arrogance.
text: This piques Peter’s interest.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES
dialog: Okay - why?
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 14.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Because he literally refuses to
dialog: look at all the signs that are
text: being literally handed to him the
dialog: entire play.
text: Peter’s in love.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES
dialog: Okay, interesting! So he thinks he
dialog: has control.
scene_heading: SMART-ASS STUDENT
dialog: Plus he fucked his mom.
text: More laughs.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES
dialog: (to the smart-ass)
dialog: That’s two strikes, Sam.
dialog: (back to the class)
dialog: But also, don’t forget: Sophocles
dialog: writes it so the oracle is
dialog: unconditional. Meaning Heracles
dialog: never had any choice. Right?
text: Peter’s smartphone VIBRATES with a text.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES (CONT'D)
dialog: So, does this make it more tragic
dialog: or less tragic than if he did have
dialog: a choice?
speaker_heading: STUDENT #2
dialog: Less!
text: Peter checks his text. It’s from Brendan. It reads: “Wanna
text: smoke a bowl at break?” This came from the BOY behind him.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES
dialog: Okay: Why?
speaker_heading: STUDENT #2
dialog: (already giving up)
dialog: Because!
text: Mr. Davies turns to Peter, who’s now composing a text in his
dialog: lap.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES
dialog: Care to weigh in, Peter?
text: Peter looks up, a deer in headlights.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: About which part?
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 15.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES
dialog: Is it more tragic if it’s
dialog: inevitable than if the characters
dialog: had agency?
text: Peter is not following.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: .-.-Because he had sex with his mom?
text: Dead air. Mr. Davies gives Peter an unencouraging look.
text: Another student picks up the slack:
speaker_heading: STUDENT #3
dialog: I think it's more tragic - because
dialog: if it’s all just inevitable, that
dialog: means the characters have no hope
dialog: and that they never had hope,
dialog: because they’re just like pawns in
dialog: this horrible, hopeless machine.
text: Peter has now noticed BRIDGET looking at him. She gives him a
text: sardonic “nice try” smile. Peter smiles back, embarrassed.
text: She turns away. Peter’s smile turns to a longing stare.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLYARD - DAY 14
dialog: Recess.
text: The DEAD PIGEON lies pathetically in the bushes below
text: Charlie’s classroom window.
text: Charlie stands nearby, staring at the pigeon. After some
text: time, she fishes a pair of SCISSORS from her parka pocket.
text: (These are the scissors from her teacher's desk.)
text: Charlie extends the scissors, fits the blades around the
text: pigeon’s neck, and SNIPS OFF ITS HEAD.
text: Charlie quickly POCKETS the pigeon head, and looks up to
dialog: notice:
text: An OLDER WOMAN (60s) sitting on a bench, just beyond the
text: schoolyard fence. She is gazing at Charlie, sentimental.
text: Charlie gawks at the woman, unnerved. Without breaking eye
text: contact, she pulls a chocolate bar from her pocket.
text: In the b.g., PETER walks past, joined by Brendan. Seeing the
dialog: chocolate, Peter casually asserts:
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 16.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No nuts, Charlie.
text: This makes Charlie freeze up with tension.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIST’S OFFICE - AFTERNOON 15
text: Steve’s office is large and sparsely decorated.
text: Steve sits in a leather chair with a notepad resting on his
text: lap. Sitting opposite him is an extremely agitated, depressed
text: female PATIENT (40s). Steve studies her non-judgmentally.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: And how’s the anger?
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: Same. I just don’t care as much.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (optimistic)
dialog: So not as consuming?
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (gritted teeth)
dialog: It's just as consuming, I just
dialog: don’t care as much.
text: Steve, stifling frustration, affects superhuman patience.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: And how’s your appetite been? With
dialog: the Serafem...versus the Lexapro.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - DAY 16
text: Annie's laptop is open to a website: “Discernment of Presumed
dialog: Apparitions.”
text: Annie, sitting at the Graham house model, is carefully
text: painting a MINIATURE LAPTOP, featuring the very same website.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE’S MOTHER’S BEDROOM - DAY 17
text: We are looking through the open door into the HALL.
text: Downstairs, the front door is heard opening.
speaker_heading: STEVE (0.S.)
dialog: Hello!
speaker_heading: ANNIE (0.S.)
dialog: Hi!
text: Annie steps out into the hall and walks past the doorway. A
text: moment later, we hear her footsteps FREEZE. She soon returns
text: into view, now looking very unsettled. She stares past us,
dialog: into the room...
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 17.
text: ANNIE’S POV: The room is mostly EMPTY, save for the bed
text: (stripped of sheets), a bookshelf, and various FRAMED PHOTOS
text: featuring members of the family. One photo: a portrait of
text: Annie and her mother, standing side by side. There is also a
text: LARGE TRIANGLE (pointed northwest) that has been CARVED
text: violently into the floorboards.
text: Annie doesn’t react to the triangle. It was clearly already
dialog: there.
text: Annie leaves.
scene_heading: INT. TV ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 18
text: Steve sits on the couch, having just turned on the news. He's
text: still wearing his coat.
text: Annie enters.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Were you in my mom’s room?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What? No.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: The door was open.
text: Steve makes a “hmm” face.
text: The front door is heard opening, and Annie goes to the FOYER,
text: where Peter and Charlie are entering.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey guys. How was school?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did either of you go into Grandma's
dialog: room recently?
text: They both squint. “Why would we go in there?”
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I don’t think you need to worry
dialog: about me ever being in that room.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - EVENING 19
text: Steve is at Annie’s Mother’s door. He LOCKS IT (by key) from
dialog: the outside.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Sorry. I know it’s irrational.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 18.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Not at all.
text: Illustrating that it’s locked, Steve tries turning the knob.
text: Annie smiles.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Thank you.
text: She kisses Steve, feeling dopey.
text: Peter walks up to them, holding the PHONE.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Dad?
dialog: (extending phone)
dialog: It’s the cemetery.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I‘ll see.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi... Yeah...
text: Steve walks down the hall to create distance between him and
text: Annie. Now irked, Annie walks off.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone, warily)
dialog: Okay.... And what does “desecrated”
dialog: mean?
dialog: (listens, then -
dialog: shocked)
dialog: What? It's only been a week.
text: ANNIE steps back into the hall, now wearing a coat. Steve
dialog: nervously accelerates:
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Okay. All right. Can I actually
dialog: call you back?... Okay, fine.
text: Steve hangs up.
speaker_heading: ANNIE STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: What was it? Nothing. Just billing crap.
text: Annie looks skeptical.
text: Steve notices Annie’s COAT. He gives her an inquiring look.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’m gonna go see a movie.
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 19.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Okay. Right now?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I think I just need to get out of
text: the house for a second.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ..-Want me to join?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I think I might just need like an
dialog: hour to myself. I’m really tense.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Okay...great. I think you should.
text: Annie smiles “thanks.”
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Do you know where Charlie is?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Where else?
text: Annie knows what that means. She immediately looks
text: frustrated.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let it go. It’s wasted energy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s below 30 outside! So let her catch a cold.
dialog: Maybe she needs one.
scene_heading: INT. TREEHOUSE - EVENING 20
text: Charlie sits in her treehouse. She lays the severed pigeon
text: head into her SHOEBOX. Inside this box are three other
text: SEVERED ANIMAL HEADS. One belongs to a rabbit, one to a rat,
text: one to a squirrel. (The heads are in different stages of
text: decomposition; flies buzz about.)
text: Down below, Annie is heard:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (0.S.)
dialog: Charlie?
text: Charlie shuts the box, SHOVES it into a corner, and peers
text: down to see ANNIE at the tree’s base.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, sweetie. It’s freezing out
dialog: here.
text: No response from Charlie. Annie doesn’t push it.
dialog: ced
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 20.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, well, I’m running out for a
dialog: sec. Is there anything I can bring
dialog: you back?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Why??
scene_heading: INT. CAR (MOVING) - NIGHT 21
text: Annie idles into the parking lot of a Catholic high school.
text: She parks, turns off the engine, and sits in silence for a
text: moment. Bracing herself.
scene_heading: INT. CATHOLIC SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - NIGHT 22
text: A SUPPORT GROUP held in the high school’s gymnasium. A sign
text: on an easel reads “LOSING A LOVED ONE, Grief Recovery." The
text: session hasn’t yet started. Twenty empty chairs form a CIRCLE
text: in the space’s center.
text: Mourners of varying affect are scattered about, mingling.
text: Annie ENTERS, very ill-at-ease.
scene_heading: THIRTY MINUTES LATER
text: All the chairs are now filled. A middle-aged MEXICAN WOMAN
text: speaks (in Spanish) through coursing tears. A YOUNG MAN
text: translates for her as the rest of the group listens.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (translating between her
dialog: sentences)
dialog: Sometimes I even get so relieved...
dialog: Because he was in so much pain, and
dialog: by the end he just hated himself.
dialog: Always saying “I’m a burden, I’ma
dialog: burden, I’m a burden”...
text: Annie’s eyes are wide. She’s empathizing with this, but it
text: seems to also be agitating her.
scene_heading: FIVE MINUTES LATER
text: The GROUP LEADER addresses the group.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: We've set aside some time for any
dialog: newcomers who might like to
dialog: speak...
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: LEADER (CONT'D)
dialog: So, anybody new - if it’s your
dialog: first or second time with us: the
text: floor is open.
text: Annie looks very torn. She starts to lift up her hand, but
text: stops short.
speaker_heading: LEADER (CONT'D)
dialog: (gesturing to Annie)
dialog: Yes?
text: Annie looks panicked.
speaker_heading: LEADER (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you like to...?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: ...-Maybe not.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Okay. No pressure.
text: Annie nods, takes a long moment, and then forces herself:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: My name’s Annie.
speaker_heading: THE GROUP
dialog: Hi Annie.
text: Annie strains a smile. She continues tensely, as if against
dialog: her will:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: My mom died a week ago, so I’m just
dialog: here for - trying it. I have a lot
dialog: of resistance to things like this,
dialog: but I went to these a couple years
dialog: ago - I was pressured to come - but
dialog: it did help, so...
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: My mom was old and she wasn’t all
dialog: together at the end - and we were
dialog: pretty much estranged before that -
dialog: so it wasn’t a huge blow. But I did
dialog: love her. And she didn’t have an
dialog: easy life... She had D.I.D., which
dialog: became extreme in the last year,
dialog: and dementia...! My dad died of
dialog: starvation when I was a baby. He
dialog: had psychotic depression and he
dialog: starved himself. Which I’m sure was
dialog: as pleasant as it sounds. And then
dialog: my older brother - he was
dialog: schizophrenic - and when he was
dialog: sixteen, he hanged himself in my
text: mom’s bedroom.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 22.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course his suicide note blamed
dialog: her. Accusing her of putting people
text: inside of him.
dialog: (throws hands up)
dialog: So that was my mom’s life!
text: Annie looks to the group. They allow her time to continue.
text: She reluctantly proceeds.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: .--She finally lived in our house
dialog: at the end. Before hospice. We
dialog: weren’t talking before that -- or
dialog: we were and then we weren’t and
dialog: then we were - she was completely
dialog: manipulative - until finally my
dialog: husband enforced a No Contact rule,
dialog: which lasted until I was pregnant
dialog: with my daughter. I didn't let her
dialog: near me when I had my first - my
dialog: son - which is why I gave her my
dialog: daughter, who she immediately
dialog: stabbed her hooks into. And of
dialog: course I felt guilty again when she
dialog: got sick... Not that she was even
dialog: my mom at the end. And not that she
dialog: ever felt guilty. About anything.
text: Annie has worked herself up. A charged pause as she calms
text: back down.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And I don’t wanna put any more
dialog: stress on my family. Not even sure
dialog: if they could give me that support.
text: She gets stuck here. Tears begin to well. She struggles to
dialog: squeeze out the following:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It just all sometimes feels ruined.
dialog: And then I realize I'm to blame. Or
dialog: not that I'm to blame, but that
dialog: I'm...blamed.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: And what do you think you feel
dialog: blamed for?
text: Annie looks to the leader. Pauses.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I apparently acted a certain way -
dialog: according to them - I did things,
dialog: in my sleep, a couple years ago. Or
dialog: almost did them...
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 23.
text: Annie looks like she’s going to continue, but then she
text: abruptly cuts herself off. That’s it.
text: We reveal the mystified GROUP. They struggle to remain
text: sympathetic, despite their confusion.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: So anyway. Everything's
dialog: disappointing. So here I am.
text: She forces a laugh, but also cries a bit. She wipes away the
text: tears and makes an embarrassed “bah” face. She then motions
dialog: to the group: “Who’s next?”
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 23
text: At the end of the hall, a very depleted Annie has just
text: finished scaling the stairs.
text: In the f.g., Peter’s door eases shut.
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 24
text: Peter's laptop is open. The browser displays BRIDGET’S
text: FACEBOOK PAGE. (Peter has been going through her photos.)
text: Behind that, another page displays “POPULAR CAREER
scene_heading: INTERESTS.”
text: Peter walks from the door (which he just closed) to his desk.
text: He grabs a small water pipe, packed with marijuana, and walks
text: to the window.
text: As Peter takes a hit from his pipe, his smartphone vibrates
text: with a TEXT. He checks it.
dialog: From “Brendan”:
dialog: Holy shit. Huge party tomorrow at Aaron’s house. Bring
dialog: your dick!
scene_heading: EXT. GRAHAM HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 25
text: A WIDE of the house. In the foreground seems to be someone’s
speaker_heading: SHOULDER.
text: Pot smoke is blown out of Peter’s window, followed by a brief
text: fit of COUGHING.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - THE NEXT DAY 26
text: Charlie, dressed in her pajamas and munching on M&Ms, sits at
text: her desk. She’s is finishing the torso for another small
text: human manikin. The limbs are made of different scraps.
text: To the side of Charlie’s sculpture-in-progress is the SEVERED
text: PIGEON HEAD. Beside that is Charlie’s drawing pad, open to an
text: unfinished STILL LIFE of the pigeon head. And on the far side
text: of the desk: a crude, bare stage for an unfinished DIORAMA.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 24.
text: As she works, Charlie makes the CLICKING SOUND with her
dialog: tongue.
text: Suddenly, a GLINT of light sweeps the room in a quick FLASH.
text: Charlie ceases drawing. Her clicking STOPS. Disturbed by the
text: flash, she raises her head and HOLDS. Listening for
dialog: something?
text: After a beat, Charlie rises from her seat and walks to the
text: WINDOW. It’s snowing outside. She stands there for a long
text: time, her back to us. She’s STARING at something...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME 27
text: Annie is preparing dinner. Her smartphone DINGS with an
text: INCOMING EMAIL. It’s from The Asher Gallery. She opens it. It
dialog: reads:
dialog: Hi Annie!
dialog: Don't want to bother you, but we’d love to see where we are
dialog: (progress-wise). Could you possibly send us pics of your
dialog: work in its current stage? I promise we won't judge!! ;)
text: Annie looks suddenly overwhelmed.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MINUTES LATER 28
text: The vast WOODED AREA behind the Graham house. It is still
text: snowing.
text: Charlie, wearing regular shoes and no coat (and still dressed
text: in her pajamas), takes wide steps as she slogs through the
dialog: snow.
text: She gazes listlessly ahead, as if in a TRANCE. She's being
text: drawn toward something. Like she’s sleepwalking with open
dialog: eyes.
text: Max, the family dog, follows happily behind. A FIRE is heard
text: crackling in the distance. Is this what she’s walking toward?
text: We cut to an EXTREME HIGH ANGLE - almost bird's eye. This
text: reveals that Charlie seems to be following a FRESH PATH OF
text: FOOTPRINTS (source unknown) leading off-screen.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - SAME TIME 29
text: Annie is now WORKING INTENSELY on one of her miniatures. She
text: looks very anxious.
text: Peter appears at the door.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hey, uh...
text: Annie looks up, visibly annoyed by the disturbance.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: .«..do you think I could borrow one
dialog: of the cars tonight?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Why? Where are you going?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh, just like a school BBQ thing.
text: Annie continue working on the miniature, breaking
text: intermittently as they speak:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Does that mean you’re not having
dialog: dinner with us?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh, no, I was still gonna eat here.
speaker_heading: ANNIE PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Well - you can eat there if
dialog: you_want. I just didn’t No, I'll eat here. I'd just
dialog: realize. be going there to hang out.
text: Annie pauses. Her mind is not quite on this right now. She
text: takes a moment (pulling herself from her work) to assess the
dialog: questions that need to be asked.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No drinking?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Nobody’s old enough to even get
dialog: drinks if they wanted to.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, that’s a crock. I’m just
dialog: asking if you’re drinking.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Well, I just answered no.
text: Annie looks him hard in the eye before accepting that.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: .».-You gonna take your sister?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Uh - does she want to go?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (mimicking his tone)
dialog: Uh - have you asked her?
scene_heading: 30 EXT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER 30
text: Peter goes to Charlie’s room. She’s not there. He calls out:
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 26.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Charlie?!
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - MOMENTS LATER 31
text: Peter returns to the workshop.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: She’s not in the house.
text: Frustrated, Annie throws down her paintbrush:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What? Yes she is.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SAME TIME 32
text: Charlie is still walking through the snow. She sees in the
text: DISTANCE, almost too far away to distinguish...
text: A ring of BURNING TORCHES has been set up. Within this ring,
text: an OLD WOMAN'S INANIMATE BODY (dead?) stands erect - tied to
text: a pole, with her arms strapped to outstretched planks. The
text: body is dressed in FINE WHITE SILK. It looks like Ellen Leigh
text: (Charlie's grandmother), but it’s too far away to quite tell.
text: Charlie squints at this, barely reacting, when--
speaker_heading: ANNIE (0.S.)
speaker_heading: CHARLIE!
text: Charlie looks to ANNIE, who is running in her direction.
text: Charlie steps toward Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?! It’s below
dialog: freezing out here!
text: Annie arrives at Charlie, not seeing the distant torches. She
text: seizes Charlie’s arm and starts leading her back to the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you an idiot? You can’t just
dialog: roam around - no coat, no boots!
text: Charlie YANKS her arm away from Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh - what? You’re angry with me?
text: Annie GRABS Charlie’s arm and PULLS her back toward the house.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: I want grandma.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah. That makes one of us.
scene_heading: 33 INT. FOYER - MOMENTS LATER 33
text: Annie and Charlie return. Annie aggressively stamps the snow
text: off her boots.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You're going to this party with
dialog: your brother.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What party?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (trying to be softer)
text: A school hang-out with other kids.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (evasive)
dialog: That’s okay.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, it’s not okay. You’re going.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Because it’ll be fun. You can hang
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: . CHARLIE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: With who? With your brother! With other
dialog: kids!
text: Peter has stepped into the hall. He nods, as if to say “yeah,
text: come along,” but his eyes are very uninviting.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (as if to challenge
dialog: Peter)
dialog: ...Fine.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Great. You’re going.
dialog: (to Peter)
dialog: She's going with you.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: And that really means no drinking.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah: I really wasn’t going to.
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - EVENING 34
text: The sun has set. A FULL MOON glows pale-blue over a lonely
dialog: highway.
text: The Graham family car (the green one) FLASHES past.
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM FAMILY CAR - CONTINUOUS 35
text: Peter is tense at the wheel. He drives the speed limit.
text: Peter’s eyes drift to the REAR VIEW MIRROR... Charlie,
text: sitting in the back, CLICKS her tongue.
text: Peter’s eyes narrow resentfully back onto the road.
text: The car passes a TELEPHONE POLE. Just an average telephone
text: pole. But we HOLD on it for a second longer than feels
text: necessary. Hyper-attentive viewers might notice that a small
text: SIGIL has been carved into it.
scene_heading: EXT. PARTY HOUSE - NIGHT 36
text: A large, modern house. The windows feature glimpses of a big
text: party, filled with circulating kids.
text: Peter and Charlie walk up the driveway. Charlie, suddenly
text: very nervous, starts slowing down.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe I don’t have to go in...
text: Peter stops.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why? What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's okay. I can just stay out
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Charlie, you’re the one who wanted
dialog: to come.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (not looking at him)
dialog: So you just go. I’1l be out here.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Charlie: If you don’t come in, I
dialog: have to take you back home, and
dialog: that’1ll take an hour.
dialog: 37
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. PARTY HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 37
text: The house is bustling. In the KITCHEN, two girls pull a CAKE
text: from the oven. Another girl (working on the frosting) CHOPS
text: up loads of WALNUTS on a chopping board.
text: ECU of the nuts being brutalized.
text: In the LIVING ROOM, Peter stands awkwardly with Charlie.
text: Charlie grips her drawing pad.
text: AARON (17), a preppy-looking kid, walks suspiciously over to
text: Peter. This is Aaron’s house.
speaker_heading: AARON PETER
dialog: Hey. Hey. Nice house.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: How did you hear about this?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Text.
text: Aaron nods, annoyed. He takes an aggressive sip of his drink.
text: Peter is uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (forcing conversation)
dialog: Your parents are out of town?
text: Peter suddenly spots BRIDGET across the room. She sits on the
text: COUCH, obviously inebriated, nursing a beer. Completely
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You didn’t bring beers or anything,
dialog: did you?
text: Peter turns back to Aaron, very impatient now.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What? No.
dialog: (first thing that comes
dialog: to mind)
dialog: I actually have to go to the
dialog: bathroom.
text: Aaron nods “yeah, whatever." Peter, already backing away,
text: turns to Charlie.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay here one second, okay? I’m
text: just going to the bathroom.
text: Peter starts walking. Charlie immediately follows. Peter
text: feigns a trajectory toward the bathroom just behind Bridget.
text: As he walks, he pretends to notice her. He affects a
text: surprised face.
dialog: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 30.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT’D)
dialog: Whoa, hey! What’s up?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh. Hey.
text: Peter steps toward her. A brief pause.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How’s the party?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Why? You wanna know if you should
dialog: come?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Uh - yeah. What do you think?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Okay, maybe I will.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Okay, I’1ll see you here.
text: Another awkward pause.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Do you happen to smoke at all?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Smoke what?
text: Peter pinches into his pocket. He reveals the top of a rolled-
text: up BAG OF MARIJUANA.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: (not seeing)
dialog: Is that tobacco or weed?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Really awesome weed.
dialog: Bridget considers, and then:
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: ("why not?”)
dialog: I could get more high.
text: She stands up.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
text: The other room has a bong.
dialog: 38
dialog: 31.
text: Bridget gestures for him to follow her. Peter starts to walk,
text: but then notices Charlie following him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hey. You wanna stay out here for a
dialog: second?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Charlie: please: Only for two
dialog: minutes and then we can hang out.
dialog: You can draw.
text: Bridget is already at the DOOR to the other room. She looks
text: expectantly at Peter, who turns again (desperately) to
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Please Charlie, I promise. I just
dialog: need to do something really quick.
text: Peter then SEES something.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh shit. Look:
text: He’s pointing at the KITCHEN. The teen girls are now cutting
text: into a fresh CHOCOLATE CAKE. They hand slices around.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
text: They’re giving out chocolate cake.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Not to everyone. Yes they are. It’s a party.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know anyone.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Nobody does. Just walk over, stand
dialog: there, and they’1ll give you one.
text: Peter starts walking off, still facing Charlie:
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: You should hurry, they’re gonna run
dialog: out, I’1l be right back! Hurry!
text: Peter rushes over to Bridget as she OPENS the door to the
text: other room. Charlie looks nervously to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. OTHER ROOM - CONTINUOUS 38
text: Two BOYS - one Hispanic and one blonde - are in the room,
text: watching videos on a tablet. Bridget enters, addressing them:
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Hey guys, Peter has weed.
text: The boys turn to Peter. Peter immediately deflates.
speaker_heading: HISPANIC BOY (0.S.)
dialog: Sativa or indica?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME 39
text: Charlie steps into the doorway. Extremely shy. Her eyes are
text: magnetized to the CHOCOLATE CAKE as the girls continue
text: handing out slices.
text: One GIRL notices Charlie's fixed eyes. She warmly offers
text: Charlie a slice. Charlie accepts without looking her in the
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thanks.
text: Charlie turns, digging into the cake. (Nuts are visibly a key
dialog: ingredient. )
scene_heading: INT. OTHER ROOM - SAME TIME 40
text: Peter sits on the bed, beside Bridget. He packs marijuana
text: into the bowl of a large bong.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: That was your sister, right?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah. Charlie.
text: Peter’s cell phone VIBRATES.
speaker_heading: HISPANIC BOY
dialog: (to Peter)
dialog: Is your sister hot?
text: Peter checks the cell. It’s ANNIE calling. Tense, he tucks
text: the phone back into his pocket.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I actually saw her drawing me last
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yeah, she made me look crazy.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: That’s Charlie.
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 33.
text: Peter’s phone VIBRATES again. A yellow “Message Waiting”
text: light blinks. Annie has left a VOICEMAIL.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME TIME 41
text: Charlie walks around, holding an empty plate, her lips
text: covered in chocolate. She stops for a moment to SWALLOW. She
text: pauses, then swallows again. She looks slightly concerned.
text: Charlie goes to a stack of RED CUPS and pulls one.
text: She goes to the kitchen faucet and draws herself a cup of
dialog: water.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - NIGHT 42
text: Annie is working on the miniature of the Graham house. She
text: plants a freshly-painted FIGURINE of a ghostly old woman ina
text: bathrobe (clearly Annie’s MOTHER) in the upstairs hall. The
text: figurine looms outside the open door of the master bedroom
text: replica, where figurines of Annie and Steve are asleep in
dialog: bed.
scene_heading: INT. PARTY HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 43
text: The party is still in full swing.
text: Charlie has found her way onto the COUCH and is now
text: assembling a small manikin from disparate parts (from her
text: pocket). Her cheeks look pink and slightly INFLAMED. An
text: allergic reaction to the cake? It looks like she’s on the
text: verge of throwing up, but she keeps her concentration on the
dialog: manikin.
text: A concerned BOY (16) approaches Charlie. Not recognizing that
dialog: she’s a girl:
speaker_heading: CONCERNED BOY (0.S.)
dialog: Hey dude, you okay? You want some
dialog: water?
text: Charlie doesn’t even look up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m okay.
speaker_heading: CONCERNED BOY
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Mm-hmm.
text: The Boy hesitantly walks off.
dialog: Charlie does NOT look good.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: INT. OTHER ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 44
text: Peter is drawing an impressive bong hit.
text: The door is OPENED by Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Peter?
text: This is just as Peter finishes inhaling. He COUGHS up smoke.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (like a chimney)
dialog: Charlie!
text: Peter immediately hides the bong behind his legs and looks to
text: Charlie, affecting casualness.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (still spouting smoke)
dialog: What’s up?
text: Charlie looks scared.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s hard to breathe.
text: Charlie’s voice is cracked and strange.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (tearing up)
dialog: My tongue is getting bigger.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - NIGHT 45
text: A distraught Peter pulls Charlie to the car. Charlie’s eyes
text: bulge and her face is pitch-red. She seems UNABLE TO BREATHE.
text: Peter desperately opens the back door, guides Charlie in,
text: slams the door, and runs to the driver side of the car.
scene_heading: INT. CAR (MOVING) - NIGHT 46
text: Peter speeds down the empty HIGHWAY. In the back seat,
text: Charlie GASPS and gurgles for breath. She KICKS at the door
text: and GRASPS at her throat. Tears of pain stream down her face.
text: Peter ACCELERATES. Speeding from 60 MPH to 65.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You're okay, Charlie! We’re going
dialog: to the hospital!
text: Charlie frantically rolls down her window. Desperate for air.
text: Peter continues accelerating. 70 MPH.
text: Charlie forces her head through the BACK PASSENGER WINDOW.
text: She GASPS for breath, but her throat is swollen shut. She
dialog: can’t even scream.
text: Peter continues accelerating. 75 MPH.
text: Charlie sticks her squealing head even farther out the
dialog: window.
text: Peter continues accelerating. 80... 85... But THEN--
text: A grisly DEER CARCASS, smeared across the road, appears in
text: the car’s headlights.
text: Peter SWERVES out of the way.
text: CHARLIE’S HEAD, flailing out of the window, COLLIDES FACE-
text: FIRST WITH A TELEPHONE POLE. The impact is so great that
text: Charlie’s head is RIPPED OFF its shoulders.
text: The decapitated head SAILS silently in the car’s wake.
text: Peter STOMPS on the brakes. The car SQUEALS to an ear-
text: splitting halt.
text: The frozen car chugs quietly. Suspended in time.
text: Peter sits motionless. Paralyzed. His eyes are fixed on the
text: road in front of him.
text: In the SIDE-VEW MIRROR, the dead deer (thirty feet back) is
text: faintly visible in the car’s brake lights. Bathed in red.
text: Peter doesn’t dare look back. His foot is jammed into the
dialog: brake.
text: In the back seat, Charlie sits headless. A torso.
text: Peter’s EYES begin to stray toward the REAR-VIEW MIRROR, but
text: they STOP before they get there. Peter can’t look.
text: Peter reaches for the rear-view mirror and subtly turns it
speaker_heading: AWAY.
text: The “Voicemail Waiting” light (from Peter's cell) blinks
text: through the fabric of his jeans pocket.
text: A long moment of silence, and then...
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 36.
text: Peter’s foot slowly eases OFF the brake pedal.
text: The car begins to slowly idle forward.
text: Peter, eyes locked on the road ahead, allows the car to
text: slowly pick up speed. His demeanor suggests that he’s in
text: great denial. As if he’s saying to himself “it’s okay,
dialog: nothing happened."
text: The car drives onward. The headless torso rattles gently in
text: the back seat.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAHAM HOUSE - NIGHT 47
text: The car idles quietly into the driveway. It PARKS beside the
text: other family car, but the engine continues humming.
text: The driver door opens, setting off the dull DING-DING-DING of
text: the “door open/engine on” alarm. After a long pause, the
text: engine is turned off. Peter steps out, as if in a dream
dialog: state.
text: He walks stiffly away from the car and into the house.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 48
text: Peter stalks woodenly through the hall. He walks into his
text: bedroom, leaving Annie and Steve to their sleep.
text: Peter climbs into bed, his door left open.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - THE NEXT MORNING 49
dialog: The next morning.
text: CLOSE-UP on Peter’s face, turned halfway into his pillow. His
text: eyes are wide open.
text: Downstairs, we hear Annie pulling on her coat.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I’m running out for some balsa
dialog: wood. You want anything?
speaker_heading: STEVE (V.O.)
dialog: I’m good, baby. Drive safe.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Okay! Back in twenty!
text: The front door is heard opening and shutting. We then hear:
text: Annie walking to the car... The car door opening... Annie
text: beginning to climb in. And then... Silence. Followed by...
text: A horrible SCREAM, shrill and almost inhuman-sounding, issues
text: from outside. Peter’s eyes WIDEN.
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 37.
text: Annie is heard staggering backwards and falling down,
text: muttering (almost inaudibly) “No, no, no, no..." Downstairs
text: (in the house) Steve is heard reacting and running to the
text: front door. Before he makes it outside, Annie lets out
text: another blood-curdling SHRIEK, which prompts a HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - MORNING 50
text: CHARLIE’S HEAD rests by the side of the road. The nose is
text: completely smashed in. One eye is pitch red and the other is
text: milky and opaque. The head is completely covered in ANTS.
text: The halted shriek (from the last shot) ECHOES OFF into the
text: wretched silence of this shot.
text: The sound of THUNDER bridges our cut to:
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM HALLWAY - NIGHT 51
text: A STORM rages outside.
text: Annie and Steve’s bedroom door is cracked open. We barely see
text: ANNIE lying in bed, WEEPING and MOANING. Steve, sitting on
text: the bed, consoles her. He tries to feed her a pill.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: NO! I can't! I can't! I just wanna
dialog: die!... I can't.
text: Steve rubs her head as she sinks into a more placid despair.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: .--It hurts too much. I just need
dialog: to die.
text: And then more feelings come SURGING up. She MOANS an
text: anguished moan.
text: We reveal PETER, standing paralyzed on the stairs, LISTENING.
text: His mother’s cries shred at his nerves.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: CHARLIE!!!
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY 52
text: An overcast day. A sad gathering of mourners. Annie, Peter
text: and Steve stand lost among them.
text: We are at a distance. The COFFIN (in profile) is being
text: lowered into the ground. We are booming down to FOLLOW the
text: sinking casket (keeping it centered), and as the coffin
text: descends into the earth, so do we. We slowly creep down,
text: losing sight of the cemetery and the mourners. We continue
text: tracking down along the DIRT and the EARTHWORMS and the
text: WEEDS, Sinking deeper and deeper into the dark, wet soil.
text: Soon we are swallowed up again in BLACK.
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 53
text: THE WAKE. Everything seems slightly opaque, as if seen
text: through glass. Glossed over by grief.
text: People stand uneasily and talk in hushed tones.
text: STEVE stands in a daze, politely (but absently) accepting
text: condolences.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 54
text: Annie lies in bed, facing the wall. Her back is tous.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - SAME TIME 55
text: Peter stands (hiding?) in the family library, anxiously
text: massaging his CELL PHONE with his thumb. He looks completely
text: battered by trauma and self-loathing.
text: He observes the wake in the adjacent living room through the
text: distortion of the library's textured glass door. He watches
text: Steve shake someone’s hand.
text: A MAN (40s) steps into the library, not expecting to find
dialog: Peter.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Peter. How are you?
text: Peter smiles politely, but can’t answer. His eyes look almost
text: deranged.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I get you anything?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I’m just gonna use the bathroom.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Okay.
text: As Peter walks stiffly past, smiling his forced smile, the
dialog: Man awkwardly adds:
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT’D) tos PETER
dialog: I’m so sorry for your loss. (exiting)
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 56
text: Peter hastily enters the bathroom and LOCKS the door.
text: He stands frozen for a moment, battling panic. The sounds of
text: the wake persist in the other room.
text: Peter turns on the SINK to create white noise.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - EVENING 57
text: The remaining mourners are slowly filtering out. Steve
text: politely ushers them, thanking them for coming.
text: Soon, everyone’s gone. Steve just stands there, in the middle
text: of the room. Lost.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER 58
text: Steve goes to the bathroom door. Tries to open it. It’s
text: LOCKED. The running sink is faintly heard.
text: Steve pauses, then knocks gently.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Peter?
dialog: No answer.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - SAME TIME 59
text: Peter sits on the edge of the tub. The sink is still running.
text: He holds his cell to his ear, listening to VOICEMAIL.
speaker_heading: ROBOTIC FEMALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: You have one saved message. First
dialog: Saved message:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Hi sweetheart, it’s mom. Just
dialog: calling to make sure that you and
dialog: Charlie are okay and having a good
dialog: time at the BBQ. All right. Have
dialog: lots of fun and be safe. Love you
dialog: both!
dialog: Click.
speaker_heading: ROBOTIC FEMALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: To listen to this message again,
dialog: press four.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER 60
text: Steve approaches his bedroom, but STOPS at the open door.
text: Annie is no longer in bed. The sheets have been dragged
text: halfway off the mattress (presumably by Annie’s feet when she
dialog: left).
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER 61
text: Charlie’s lonely bedroom. Everything is as it was.
text: The door OPENS. It’s Steve. He stands at the door, taking the
text: room in. After a moment, he steps inside.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Steve sits on Charlie’s bed. He has pulled up Charlie's
scene_heading: DRAWING PAD.
text: Steve opens the pad. He flips slowly through the pages. He
text: takes care to really look at the drawings. As if appreciating
text: them for the first time.
text: Steve passes several drawings of severed animal heads
dialog: (including those of the rabbit, the rat and the cat, which we
text: saw in Charlie’s shoebox). Steve then comes to Charlie’s half-
text: finished drawing of the pigeon head (which now dons a CROWN).
text: Steve studies it, and then turns the page to discover..
text: BLANK PAGE. There are no more drawings.
text: The floodgates open. Steve WEEPS.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 62
text: Charlie’s bedroom is EMPTY again. It’s snowing outside.
text: The door is open, and the hallway’s lights are off.
text: Framed by the doorway, Peter walks past, determinedly not
text: looking into the room.
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 63
text: Peter enters. Without changing out of his clothes, he climbs
text: into bed. The ALARM CLOCK reads 10:10 PM.
text: He turns to his side and gazes out the WINDOW. The imposing
text: TREEHOUSE looms just outside. He stares at it.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Peter rolls huffily from his stomach to his back, unable to
text: sleep. He turns to the ALARM CLOCK. It now reads 1:32 AM.
text: A beat, and then Peter climbs out of bed, gathers his blanket
text: and pillow, and leaves the room.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAHAM HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 64
text: Peter, wearing his parka and an Elmer Fudd hat, emerges from
text: the back door of the house. He carries his blanket and pillow
text: through the light snowfall, heading for the TREEHOUSE.
text: He notes Charlie’s SHOEBOX near the base of the tree (having
text: been dropped from the treehouse?). Flies are audible inside.
text: Peter grips the tree’s climbing handles and scales the tree.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 4l.
scene_heading: INT. TREEHOUSE - CONTINUOUS 65
text: Peter climbs in. He lays out his blanket and lies down,
text: positioning his pillow under his head. Now situated, he
text: begins to close his eyes, but before they can shut, he SENSES
text: something behind him. He slowly look back to SEE:
text: ANNIE IS SLEEPING IN THE CORNER, bundled up in blankets.
text: Startled, Peter STAGGERS out of his blanket, GRABS his
text: things, and rushes frantically out of the treehouse. In his
text: haste, his foot SLIPS OFF one of the wet climbing handles. He
text: falls to land HARD on his back.
text: In pain, Peter rises and limps back toward the house.
text: WE SLOWLY DISSOLVE FROM THIS TO...
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY 66
text: Peter sits in the back of class as a teacher drones on at the
text: blackboard. The teacher’s voice is distant and vague, as if
text: heard from UNDER WATER.
text: Peter’s EYES are busy with nagging, obsessive thoughts. They
text: narrow upward to his right.
text: We flash briefly to an INSERT of the family car’s REAR VIEW
text: MIRROR (from Peter’s POV) on the night of the accident. The
text: mirror is in focus, but whatever’s in the BACK SEAT
text: (Charlie's headless body) is blurry and just out of the
text: mirror’s view.
text: We return to the CLASS. Peter snaps out of his reverie to see
text: BRIDGET looking at him. Their eyes briefly MEET before she
text: quickly turns back to the teacher.
text: Peter’s eyes HARDEN.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAHAM HOUSE = DAY 67
text: Annie draws the MAIL out of the mailbox. Among the letters is
text: a BROCHURE. It reads “Calling All Skeptics!" Below that: “A
text: PUBLIC SEANCE to be conducted by famed spiritual medium,
dialog: Suzanne Marlowe!”
text: Annie goes PALE at the sight of this. She looks around,
text: suddenly paranoid - as if nervous that she’s being watched.
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - DAY 68
text: Annie is at work, trying to make progress on the HOSPICE
text: MINIATURE. Her eyes are numb. She looks exhausted. She turns
text: in her swivel-chair to face the miniature of the GRAHAM
text: HOUSE. She stares at it.
text: Off-screen, the front door is heard UNLOCKING. Annie looks in
text: the direction of the noise.
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 42.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - SAME TIME 69
text: The front door opens and Steve enters.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Annie?!
text: Max runs up to greet Steve, his tail wagging excitedly.
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - SAME TIME 70
text: Annie goes to the door. Steve is heard scaling the stairs.
text: Before he can reach the top, Annie silently eases the door
dialog: shut.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 71
text: The workshop door quietly CLOSES just before Steve appears at
text: the top of the stairs. He approaches the workshop.
text: He knocks on the door.
dialog: No answer.
text: He eases the door open. Annie “works” with her back to the
text: door. She’s now wearing HEADPHONES, “listening” to classical
dialog: music.
text: Steve smiles sadly and closes the door, leaving Annie to her
dialog: work.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER 72
text: Steve enters the kitchen. Mail waits on the kitchen island.
text: He finds the BROCHURE for the public seance, and DUMPS it in
dialog: the trash.
text: In the b.g., Annie CROSSES the doorway. Steve doesn’t see.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAHAM HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 73
text: Annie sits in the blue family car, parked in the driveway.
text: (The green car - the “accident” car - is now permanently
text: gone.) Annie is trying to work up the nerve to start the
text: engine. Then, in the SIDE-VIEW MIRROR, she sees:
text: Peter rides his BICYCLE up the driveway. He arrives at the
text: front porch, but stays on the bike. He doesn’t see Annie.
text: Annie has TENSED UP. She sits motionless for fear of being
text: seen, eyes LOCKED on Peter. He stands for a long time at the
text: front door, preparing to face his family.
text: Annie watches as Peter continues to gather himself. He
text: finally takes a decisive breath, gets off the bike, and
text: quietly enters the house.
dialog: 74
dialog: 43.
text: Annie remains tense. She turns on the car’s IGNITION.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - EVENING 74
text: Annie idles into the parking lot of the HIGH SCHOOL GYMNASIUM
text: (from earlier). Outside, the same SUPPORT GROUP is gathering.
text: Annie pulls into a spot. Turns off the ignition. She stares
text: at the gymnasium door. Watches tensely as people solemnly
text: enter. She doesn’t move.
text: After a long internal debate, Annie finally STARTS the car
text: back up, and begins to drive off. As she approaches the exit,
text: an OLDER WOMAN (late 60s) runs suddenly - and merrily - into
text: the HEADLIGHTS, flagging Annie down. Annie BRAKES.
text: The woman circles over to Annie’s window. Annie hesitantly
text: rolls it down.
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN
dialog: Hi! Hello. Sorry to chase you down.
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Were you not coming in?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (cornered)
dialog: I, no, I just - forgot something.
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN
dialog: Okay, sorry, I just - I recognized
dialog: you from a few months ago. You were
dialog: here because your mother?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh...
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN
dialog: I feel crazy now. Sorry! I’m Joan.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (feeling trapped)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Are you doing any better?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: With your mother...?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (still confused)
dialog: What?
dialog: (and then)
dialog: No. That’s not... My daughter was
dialog: killed.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh. My God. I’m so, so sorry.
text: Brief, heavy silence. Joan stammeringly offers:
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you like to come in with me?
dialog: Or we can even just get a coffee.
dialog: There’s a place down the street.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’m sorry. Really. Thank you.
dialog: (gesturing to leave)
dialog: I really did forget something.
text: Joan bluntly offers:
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN
dialog: My son died.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh...! I’m so sorry.
text: Joan smiles tightly, heartbroken.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: How old was yours?
text: Annie looks like she’s being held hostage.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (pained to say it)
dialog: Fourteen.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh God, that’s awful!
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: My son and my grandson drowned.
dialog: Four months ago. The little one was
dialog: seven.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I’ve been coming here for a month
dialog: now and it has helped. I just
dialog: wanted to say. It has. It doesn’t
dialog: make it easier - obviously. But
dialog: sometimes it just, makes it less
dialog: lonely.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Okay...
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: And I’m gonna embarrass myself now,
dialog: but if you ever need someone to
dialog: talk to...
text: Joan writes her PHONE NUMBER onto a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘Cause we all do.
text: She hands Annie the phone number.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Just if you need it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay. Thank you. Really.
text: Annie is moved, despite her discomfort. Joan walks off,
text: giving Annie a warm little wave.
scene_heading: 75 INT. FOYER - NIGHT 75
text: Annie lumbers in. She pulls off her snow boots.
scene_heading: 76 INT. LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 76
text: Steve is asleep in an armchair, bathed in the dim glow of the
text: muted TV. Annie appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (waking up)
dialog: Oh! Hey.
speaker_heading: ANNIE STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m going to bed. Where were you?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: At the movies. I’m going to bed.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I’1l come with you.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (put off)
dialog: ..-Okay.
text: Annie leaves the doorway.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: And can you please let me know when
dialog: you're going to the movies? I was
dialog: worried.
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: 77 INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 77
text: Annie and Steve are in bed. Annie’s back is to Steve. Neither
text: is asleep.
text: Steve gently SNUGGLES UP to Annie, but she is like stone. He
text: self-consciously touches her hip. She recoils.
text: Steve backs off. There is a long moment of tension, and then
text: Annie RISES from bed.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’m gonna be right back.
text: She gathers a blanket, which is bundled on the room’s
text: armchair.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You're not coming right back.
dialog: You're taking the blanket.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I can’t sleep.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: Annie: it’s freezing outside.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: The heater’s up there.
text: Steve wants to fight this, but Annie is clearly anxious to
dialog: avoid a conversation.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: .-Okay.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Is that okay?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (“what am I supposed to
dialog: say?”)
dialog: Yeah. Fine. Come back if you get
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I just need to sleep.
text: Annie leaves.
scene_heading: 78 INT. TREEHOUSE - NIGHT 78
text: We push in on an ominous WIDE of Annie lying asleep in
text: Charlie’s treehouse. Two LARGE HEATERS have been set up on
text: either side of her. They burn a BRIGHT ORANGE.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 47.
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 79
text: Peter lies in bed, awake. Outside his window, Charlie’s
text: treehouse emits an orange glow.
text: A CLICKING SOUND (like Charlie’s tongue-clicking) is suddenly
text: heard in the room. Peter FREEZES, now listening for it. After
text: a moment, there’s another CLICK.
text: Peter BOLTS up in bed. His eyes frenziedly scan the room. He
text: fixes on a DARK CORNER. A HOODIE SWEATSHIRT hangs on the
text: wall, and for a brief moment, it looks almost like a standing
dialog: person.
text: Peter continues listening intently for another click...
text: Silence. It has stopped.
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - THE NEXT DAY 80
text: Outside, a beautiful day.
text: Inside, Annie is hard at work. Her eyes are intense - furious
text: even - as she carefully works on the replica of Charlie’s
text: bedroom. She scratches a tiny replica of the word-carving she
text: saw earlier ("Satony”) into the wall behind the bed. As she
text: does this, her attention is drawn to a looming POST-IT NOTE,
dialog: which reads:
dialog: Call gallery about extending?
text: Annie disregards this. She goes for a new bottle of paint,
text: but as she reaches, an open paint bottle is KNOCKED over.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Shit.
text: It tipped over near Annie’s extending hand, but it didn’t
text: look like Annie actually touched it.
text: Annie grabs paper towels and quickly mops up the mess. She
text: pulls a few drenched items out of the widening paint puddle.
text: Among them: JOAN’S PHONE NUMBER. She looks at it.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY 81
text: Peter walks absent-mindedly down the hall. THREE STONER BOYS
text: (including Brendan) are walking toward him, huddled and
text: giggling. They notice Peter.
speaker_heading: BRENDAN
dialog: Yo, Pete.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hey.
dialog: 82
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: BRENDAN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You wanna join us for a walk?
text: On “walk,” he mimes pinching a joint with his thumb and
text: forefinger.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL SOCCER FIELD - DAY 82
text: Peter sits under the BLEACHERS with the three stoners. They
text: pass around a PIPE packed with weed. Brendan takes a hit.
speaker_heading: BRENDAN
dialog: (looking at his phone)
dialog: Am I the only one who’s Facebook
dialog: friends with Becky?
text: Brendan passes the pipe to Peter.
speaker_heading: STONER #2
dialog: You're friends with Becky?
text: Peter holds the pipe. Stares at it.
speaker_heading: BRENDAN STONER #3
dialog: Facebook friends, bitch!
dialog: (back to his point)
dialog: Oh my God, her statuses... Oh my God, dude, I know.
speaker_heading: BRENDAN
dialog: Every ten seconds!
text: Peter LIGHTS the bowl and takes a reluctant hit.
speaker_heading: BRENDAN (CONT'D)
dialog: “I'm going to the bathroom now.”
dialog: 5:45. “Just got back from the
dialog: bathroom!” 5:46.
text: Peter COUGHS OUT a lungful of pot smoke. He immediately looks
dialog: regretful.
speaker_heading: STONER #2 BRENDAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What about Brian with his . .
dialog: girlfriend? Ha! His “princess”?!
text: Stoner #2 nods his head, choking on laughter.
text: Peter’s eyes are wide with a burgeoning panic. He does not
dialog: look well.
speaker_heading: STONER #2 (0.S.)
dialog: “Going to pick up my princess from
dialog: the airport!” “Eating cous-cous
dialog: with my princess!”
text: Peter looks like he’s starting to have an ATTACK. The Stoners
text: are oblivious.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: STONER #3
dialog: Who's his girlfriend?
speaker_heading: STONER #2
dialog: Some fuckin’ stupid college chick.
speaker_heading: STONER #3
dialog: What the fuck?! I want some stupid
dialog: college princess chick.
text: Stoner #2 notices that Peter is freaking out.
speaker_heading: STONER #2
dialog: Dude. Are you okay?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I feel like I can’t breathe.
speaker_heading: STONER #2
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I feel like I’m having a reaction.
speaker_heading: BRENDAN PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: No, man, don’t freak out. You
dialog: just smoked too much. No, I think I need a doctor.
dialog: My tongue is getting bigger.
text: Peter is crying now.
speaker_heading: STONER #2
dialog: Should we take you to the nurse??
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (scared)
dialog: I dunno.
speaker_heading: BRENDAN
dialog: Look, dude: you’re breathing. See?
dialog: You're just really high.
text: Peter is trying to calm down.
speaker_heading: BRENDAN (CONT'D)
dialog: See? You’re okay. You just got too
dialog: high.
dialog: (rubbing his back)
dialog: You're okay, dude. You’re
dialog: breathing.
text: Stoner #2 and Stoner #3 exchange “holy shit” looks.
scene_heading: 83 EXT. STREET - DAY 83
text: Annie walks down an urban street, looking for an address. She
text: pinches the paper with Joan’s number. On its other side is an
text: ADDRESS in Annie’s handwriting.
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 50.
text: Annie finds the address. A large, red-brick APARTMENT
text: BUILDING.
scene_heading: INT. APARMENT BUILDING - THIRD FLOOR HALLWAY - DAY 84
text: The elevator opens, depositing Annie onto the THIRD FLOOR.
text: Annie proceeds down the well-lit hall, arriving at APARTMENT
text: 316. She knocks.
text: While waiting, Annie looks down. She’s standing on a HAND-
text: MADE WELCOME MAT. The word “JOANIE” has been embroidered into
dialog: it.
text: After a moment, the door is opened by JOAN.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Annie! You came!
speaker_heading: ANNIE JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a little earlier than we .
dialog: said. Ah, you're perfect. Come in.
scene_heading: INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 85
text: Annie follows Joan in. Joan closes the door behind them. The
text: apartment is cheerfully decorated in bright, homey colors.
text: Joan rushes off to the KITCHEN, where a TEA KETTLE is
text: whistling. Annie stays by the door.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Your welcome mat...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh - it’s cute, right?
text: Joan pulls the kettle off the stove and pours two cups.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: My mother used to embroider ones
dialog: just like that.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh really? How funny!
text: Joan sets the tea on the KITCHEN table.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Please. Sit.
speaker_heading: MINUTES LATER 86
text: Joan and Annie sit at the table, nursing their tea. The
text: conversation has become very heavy, and the spotlight is
text: currently on a very fragile Annie. She speaks steadily, in
text: fragments, as if to hold herself together. Her eyes are fixed
text: on the floor.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: He left her in the back seat. Went
dialog: straight to bed.
text: Joan nods sympathetically. Her eyes locked attentively on
dialog: Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And then I wake up. Went to my
dialog: workshop. Needed some supplies. I
text: go down to the car. Step inside.
dialog: First the smell of something wrong.
text: Then the - body. Slumped. Covered
text: in black, blood, like tar...
dialog: (fighting tears)
dialog: And her head wasn’t there, so I
text: couldn’t see her face. But they
dialog: were her clothes. And her hands...
dialog: her fingernails...
text: Joan is pale as she listens. Annie is trembling, locked on
dialog: the memory.
text: Joan gently lays her hand over Annie’s. Beat.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: When they dragged up my son and
dialog: grandson, they needed me to identify
dialog: the bodies. But they didn’t warn me
dialog: what bodies look like after they've
dialog: been in the ocean. You can probably
dialog: imagine - they swell up, get
dialog: distended, turn grey. I didn’t know
dialog: that. My son’s eyes were eaten out
dialog: of his head by fish. And my
text: grandson's face - like a balloon.
text: Annie is looking up at Joan now. They share in this. The
text: grisly details are somehow (in their morbid way) comforting.
text: Breaking the spell, Annie pulls a PILL from her purse. She
text: downs it with a gulp of TEA. She catches something on her
text: tongue, and pulls a BLACK HERB from her mouth. She pays it no
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I can sometimes swear I feel them in
dialog: the room... Do you ever have that?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: ..-Small moments maybe.
text: This hangs for a moment.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: How’s your relationship with your
dialog: son?
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 52.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: .-.-Peter?
text: Joan brightens: “That’s his name?” Annie thinks about Joan’s
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh God...
text: Her face DARKENS and she chuckles. She brushes it off, but
text: then PAUSES. She decides to actually answer.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I sleepwalk.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I haven't in a long time, but two
dialog: years ago I woke up - and I really
dialog: don’t remember this because I was
dialog: asleep - but I woke up standing next
text: to Peter and Charlie’s bed (when they
dialog: shared a room), and they were
text: completely covered in paint
dialog: thinner... And so was I. From head to
dialog: toe... And I was standing there, and
dialog: I was holding a box of matches. And I
dialog: woke myself up by striking one. Which
dialog: also woke up Peter. And he started
dialog: screaming. And I immediately put out
dialog: the match, immediately, but my
dialog: husband came in... and I was just as
dialog: shocked as he was, but I was the one
dialog: with the matches.
text: Joan is listening with no judgment. Annie, frustrated by the
text: memory, takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And it was impossible to convince
dialog: them that it was just sleepwalking -
dialog: which of course it was - but the
dialog: timing was awful, Peter and I had
dialog: already fallen into this stupid
dialog: quarrelling phase - arguing forever
dialog: about nothing - such frivolous
dialog: things - but that’s when the
dialog: incident happened, so...!
dialog: (throws her hands up)
dialog: Over time, everyone affected
dialog: casualness, “moving on.” But they
dialog: never forgot and Peter’s always
dialog: held it against me and there's
dialog: nothing I can say and there’s
dialog: nothing I can do because it
dialog: happened. While I was asleep.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Did your daughter hold it against
dialog: you?
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, she was off in the clouds
dialog: somewhere. Probably didn’t even
dialog: notice.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (empathic)
dialog: It’s impossible being a mother.
text: Annie looks at Joan. “Yes it is.”
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM HOUSE - KITCHEN- MOMENTS LATER 87
text: Steve is chopping carrots at the kitchen island. Peter is
text: heard ENTERING in the foyer.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hey, that was fast. Did you bike
dialog: all the way here?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (voice cracked)
dialog: My friend dropped me.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Oh - you should've invited him in.
text: But Peter’s already going for the stairs. Steve tries to
text: catch up with him.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you remember to sign up for
dialog: that SAT prep course?
text: Peter has made it to the top of stairs. Hiding his wrought
dialog: face:
speaker_heading: PETER STEVE (CONT'D
dialog: I will tomorrow. You need to, Peter! That’s
dialog: coming up!
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S ROOM - DAY 88
text: Peter lies in bed, on his side. He looks ready to burst back
text: into tears.
text: Steve knocks on the door. Pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Peter?
text: Peter turns to him, stifling tears.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 54.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (deflecting)
dialog: Are you?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Is there anything we can talk
dialog: about, Peter?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Like anything. What’s going on?
dialog: What are you feeling?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What are you feeling?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I’m worried about you.
text: Peter stares at Steve, eyes wide. Unable to communicate.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (careful)
dialog: It doesn’t have to be with me,
dialog: either. Maybe you’d like to talk
dialog: with somebody else...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: About everything. You’re going
dialog: through a lot, Peter.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So are you!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Well - we all are. I think we could
dialog: all use someone to talk to.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So why aren’t you, then?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I probably will. I probably need
dialog: to.
text: A long, fraught pause.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t have to choose now. I’m
dialog: just letting you know that it’s
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 55.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You could even see one of the guys
dialog: in my building. I know a few guys.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (warming up to it?)
dialog: .».-And you think I need to go?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (briefest pause)
dialog: Well, that’s for you to say. I
dialog: can’t tell you your experience.
text: Peter suddenly deflates . Not the answer he needed. He chills
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Maybe later.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ...-Okay. Let me know.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Okay.
text: Steve nods for a long time. Trying to think of anything else.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: All right. Dinner in a bit.
text: Steve smiles sensitively. Too sensitive. He leaves.
scene_heading: 89 INT. WORKSHOP - NIGHT 89
text: Annie is at work. Behind her, the door opens and Steve
text: enters. He approaches to see...
text: Annie is working on a new piece: a NEW MINIATURE of the
text: HIGHWAY of Charlie’s accident, including the TELEPHONE POLE
text: that took her head. This also features a tiny figurine of
text: Charlie’s decapitated head and a figurine of Peter in the
text: family car.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Oh Jesus... Are you planning on
dialog: letting him see that?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (strong pause)
dialog: How do you think Peter’s gonna feel
dialog: about that?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What? It’s not about him.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 56.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Oh no?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: ...It’s an objective view of the
dialog: accident!
text: Steve just eyes her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, so what is it, then?
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s cruel, Annie. And
dialog: unforgiving... Oh my God!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: And useless.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: What do you think I’m trying to say
dialog: with this?! You think I’d ever want
dialog: to hurt my own son?! Are you
dialog: crazy?!
text: Steve almost responds, but bites his tongue.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh Jesus you're sanctimonious. I
dialog: get it: you’re a good father,
dialog: you’re a good husband - get off the
dialog: stage.
text: Steve boils.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (through clenched teeth)
dialog: Are you coming to dinner?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’m making dinner!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: I made dinner! I’m GETTING you for
dialog: dinner!
dialog: (storms away)
dialog: Come down or stay here, I don’t
dialog: give a shit.
text: On “give”, he SLAMS the door behind him.
scene_heading: 90 INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT 90
text: Annie, Steve and Peter sit at the dinner table. A fourth chair
text: divides Annie and Peter. Annie is fuming from her last
text: interaction with Steve. Beside her glass: an unswallowed pill.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: This is really good, dad.
text: Annie balks to herself. Peter tenses.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Thanks buddy.
text: Annie mouths the word “buddy” to herself, incredulous. Peter
dialog: catches this.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (with an edge)
dialog: You okay, mom?
text: Annie turns to Peter.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Is there something on your mind?
text: Annie can’t believe this.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Is there something on your mind?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It just looks like you might want
dialog: to say something.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (stepping in)
dialog: Peter...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Like what? Why would I want to say
dialog: something? So I can watch you can
dialog: roll your eyes at me?
speaker_heading: PETER ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I have never rolled my eyes Oh sweetie - you don’t have
dialog: at you.
dialog: to. You get the point across.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (suddenly defiant)
dialog: Okay. So say what you wanna say,
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Peter--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: I don’t want _to say anything. I’ve
dialog: tried saying things.
dialog: 
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So try again. Release yourself.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Release you, you mean!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So fine, so release me! What do you
dialog: wanna say? Fuckin’ say it!
text: Annie explodes out of her seat.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Don't you swear at me - you little
dialog: shit! You don't EVER raise your voice
dialog: at me! I'm your Mother, you
dialog: understand? I've given everything to
dialog: you! All I ever DO is worry and slave
dialog: and defend you, and all I get back is
dialog: that fucking face on your face! So
text: full of disdain and resentment and
dialog: always so annoyed. Well, now your
dialog: sister's dead! And I know you miss
dialog: her and I know it was an “accident”
dialog: and I know you're in pain - and I
dialog: wish I could take it all away! I wish
dialog: I could shield you from the knowledge
dialog: that you did what you did - but your
text: sister is dead. She's gone forever.
dialog: And what a waste. If it could’ve
dialog: Maybe brought us together -
dialog: something! - if you could have just
dialog: said “I’m sorry” or faced up to what
dialog: happened: maybe then we could do
dialog: something with this! But you can’t
dialog: take responsibility for anything, so
dialog: now I_can’t accept. And I can’t
dialog: forgive. Because nobody admits what
dialog: they’ve done!
text: She sits down. A heavy silence.
text: Peter is looking away, fighting tears. But then, after a long
dialog: silence...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And what about you, mom?
dialog: (long pause, then)
dialog: I didn’t want to take her...and she
dialog: didn’t want to go... So why was she
dialog: there?
text: Annie looks at him. Incredulous. She is boiling with rage,
dialog: but...this has also hit her somewhere deep. She’s desperately
dialog: avoided facing this question since the accident.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Okay, we’re stopping this.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 59.
text: He looks at Annie, who looks like she’s about to lose her
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: We’re stopping this right now.
text: Annie glowers at him. Adversarial. She finally relents.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Fine.
text: She tensely RISES hesitates, but then hesitates, about to say
dialog: something else. But then:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fine.
text: She leaves.
text: Steve turns to Peter: he’s doing everything in his power to
text: keep from exploding into tears. Steve looks powerless to help.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE AND STEVE’S BEDROOM - MINUTES LATER 91
text: Steve enters the bedroom, furious. Annie is sitting on the
text: bed, a hardness in her eyes.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What am I doing?!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Try to stop and see what’s
text: happening, Annie. For one second.
dialog: Try to see where this could go.
dialog: It’s not the right choice.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: These are your choices, too! You
dialog: choose to not see how he is. How
dialog: cold he is with me. How dimissive.
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: So we'll deal with that! We
dialog: can go to family therapy s
dialog: whatever - but don’t make it Oh, family therapy! Right!
dialog: about Charlie!
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: So what, then? We just chalk it up
dialog: to an act of God?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (strongly)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: ANNIE STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: He just left her in the car! , .
dialog: Went straight to bed! Not a You can’t even imagine he was
dialog: word! in shock?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He left us to be in shock, too!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: There was no way around that. You
dialog: need to stop this. If he had warned
dialog: us, we still would have run out
text: there to find her in the same way.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: And it wasn’t a fucking BBQ either.
dialog: He lied to us, through his teeth.
dialog: He took her to some sleazy high
dialog: school house party!
speaker_heading: STEVE . ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You knew it wasn’t a BBQ! He just left her head in the
dialog: road and kept driving. He
dialog: went to sleep!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Goddamn it -- He was in shock. He's
text: still in shock.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (acidly)
text: He looks pretty gathered to me.
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Gathered?! You're holding yourself
dialog: together awfully well, too!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Excuse me? And what the hell does
dialog: that mean?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Someone has to keep things from
text: unraveling completely, Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: It HAS unraveled completely!
text: Silence. Steve is frozen.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: ...Don’t worry. I blame myself,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: That’s worthless.
dialog: 92
dialog: 61.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’m the one who made her go to the
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: __. STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, stop it! No! Don’t you dare! He’s
dialog: right! I made Peter take her!
dialog: She begged me not to go!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I was happy she was going! Be around
dialog: other kids instead of that fuckin’
dialog: treehouse for a change! I would have
dialog: pushed her if you hadn't!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: But you didn’t push her. I did.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ...We have no control over
dialog: anything, Annie. The ceiling could
dialog: collapse on us right now and who
dialog: would we blame?
text: Brief pause.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You don’t understand anything, do
dialog: you?
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 92
text: Peter boils in bed, staring out the window.
text: A gentle knock at the door. It cracks open and Steve sticks
text: his head in.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Goodnight, Petey.
text: Peter looks at Steve.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Do you blame me, too?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Goddamn it -
text: Steve opens the door all the way.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: - of course not. No one blames you.
text: Steve approaches Peter.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t for one second imagine that
dialog: you're not going through the exact
dialog: same thing we are.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Mom doesn’t think so.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Stop it with mom. She’s blaming
dialog: everyone. It’s part of grieving.
text: She blames herself.
text: Peter has started to cry.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: She wasn't driving the car.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: She could have. Anyone could have.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (through helpless tears)
dialog: I didn’t even care about her...!
dialog: That’s how it happened...!
text: Steve is momentarily overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: You love your sister.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (boiling with self-
dialog: hatred)
dialog: I_should be dead. At least she
dialog: could draw. She made things. I
dialog: don’t do anything.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Yes you do. Don’t ever say that.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: (burying his face in his
dialog: pillow)
dialog: I’m nothing. I do nothing.
text: Steve, looking helpless, rests his hand on Peter’s head.
text: Peter WEEPS. Steve is also crying now.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (into his pillow)
dialog: I’m sorry!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Shhh! I’m sorry.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 93
text: Annie lies on the bed, her back to us. We hear Peter’s
text: weeping, muffled through the walls. We then hear:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Annie’s back begins to rise and fall in a fit of sobs.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - DAY - DAYS LATER 94
text: CLOSE-UP of Annie’s face. Lethargic. She’s lost a few pounds
text: since we last saw her, and is wearing an old T-shirt and
text: pajama bottoms.
text: She stares at her unfinished miniatures. Her eyes then drift
text: to a Post-It note above her desk. It reads “KEEP WORKING!"
scene_heading: INT. ART SUPPLY STORE - DAY 95
text: Annie pushes a cart down an aisle of miniature building
text: materials. She looks farther down the aisle, and suddenly
dialog: STOPS, having noticed...
text: JOAN is pushing a cart toward Annie. She hasn’t yet noticed
text: Annie. She wears an ECSTATIC SMILE as she giddily scans the
dialog: chalk section.
text: Confused by Joan’s demeanor (and her presence), Annie warily
text: begins to push her cart toward her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Joan?
text: Joan looks up to see Annie.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh my -- Annie?!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hi...!
text: Joan circles the carts to give Annie a big, warm, very
text: sustained HUG.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: Oh Annie. Yes. I’m really good. I’m
dialog: really really...
dialog: 64.
text: Annie nods, forcing a smile. She looks concerned for Joan's
dialog: sanity.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Something happened, Annie. I feel
text: completely - turned around.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I don’t know if I should even say!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (laughing now, too)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: You’re gonna think I’m crazy!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Not at all...!
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I... Oh God. I...
dialog: (confidentially
dialog: ..-met a spiritual medium.
text: Annie affects a patronizing “Oh Wow” expression.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: They were performing an open seance
dialog: -- and I know: I know what you’re
dialog: thinking, but they asked me to
dialog: attend. They were bringing in
dialog: skeptics and scientists so they
dialog: wouldn’t be accused of fraud. But I
dialog: went, fully skeptical, and what I
dialog: experienced there was truly...
text: Joan tries to think of a suitably ecstatic adjective.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: An “open seance”?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: They brought back the spirit of a man
dialog: from the 19th century! And not like
text: as a smoke and mirrors thing. The man
dialog: next to me was a deadly cynical
dialog: neurologist, and he looked
text: permanently changed by the end of it.
text: Annie makes another “wow” face.
dialog: 96
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And I do know what you’re thinking,
dialog: Annie - of course - but I
dialog: approached the medium and I asked
dialog: her about my son and grandson, and
dialog: she came to my apartment and she
dialog: ended up performing a, uh - well -
dialog: she...conjured my grandson!
text: Annie, still forcing a smile, now looks frightened.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I know what you’re smiling at. I
dialog: wouldn't believe it myself. I
dialog: didn’t! But I heard his voice, I
text: felt him in the room. It’s real.
text: Annie’s warped smile is plastered appeasingly to her face.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing right now?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’m just - here, shopping.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: You wanna come over?
text: Annie doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I really think you should. Please.
dialog: It would be everything if you came.
scene_heading: INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT - DAY 96
text: The front door opens and Joan enters, followed uneasily by
text: Annie. Joan smiles widely.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Hello!
text: This “hello” was seemingly directed at the room in general.
text: Joan hustles to the KITCHEN. She takes SWEETGRASS and smears
text: it across the surface of the kitchen table. Also on the table
text: is an UPTURNED DRINKING GLASS.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Annie)
dialog: This is part of it.
text: Annie is hovering outside the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come in. Come in.
dialog: 66.
text: Annie hesitantly enters. The WINDOW has been blacked out with
dialog: duvateen.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay: a few things. First: you
dialog: shouldn't do this without a medium
dialog: unless you are a medium. That’s
dialog: what she told me.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: But I told you: I’d been
dialog: experiencing these...sensations a
dialog: long time before the medium. I just
dialog: didn’t know how to explain them! So
dialog: I tried this last night. This was
dialog: after the medium was here.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What's “this”?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Sit down.
text: Annie is skeptical.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Trust me.
text: Annie sits down.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
text: I’m turning off the light.
text: JOAN TURNS OFF THE LIGHTS.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: .--Yes.
text: Joan lights a BLACK CANDLE.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (forcing levity)
dialog: Nice mood setter.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Okay. Put your hand on the glass,
dialog: but don’t add pressure.
text: Annie lays her hand on the overturned glass. Joan does the
dialog: same.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I won’t add pressure, either.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (more to herself)
dialog: What am I doing?
text: After a moment of silence, Joan speaks to the room.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Louie?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Louie, are you here? It’s grandma.
text: A COLD DRAFT crosses the room. Annie gets a tingle. But the
text: window is shut, as is the door.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Louie, if you’re here with us,
dialog: please just try to slide the glass.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Louie, if you’re here--
text: The glass SLIDES, barely. Annie jumps, retracting her hand.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (tears of happiness)
dialog: Hi Louie!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (eyes wide)
dialog: How did you do that?
text: Annie looks under the table. There’s nothing there.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Louie, I’m gonna ask you some
dialog: questions - okay, sweetie? If the
dialog: answer's yes, just slide the glass
dialog: to the right. If it’s no, slide it
dialog: this way -—
dialog: (demonstrating)
dialog: - to the left. Do you understand?
text: The glass SLIDES again, slightly to the right.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Louie, are you okay?
text: The glass slides right again.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you in pain?
text: The glass slides to the left.
text: Annie is gripping her chair. She stares unblinkingly at the
dialog: glass.
text: Suddenly ANNIE’S HAIR IS BRUSHED TO THE SIDE, as if by an
text: invisible hand. She JUMPS. Joan calmly takes Annie’s hand.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s okay.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: What is?
text: Joan pulls up a small CHALKBOARD from below the table. It’s
text: unmarked. A tiny piece of chalk rests on the surface.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Louie, I brought your chalkboard.
dialog: Remember your chalkboard?
text: The glass budges slightly to the right.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you write something?
text: A long moment of inactivity, and THEN...
text: The piece of chalk MOVES (as if by invisible fingers) to
text: scrawl the words “I LOV YU GRANMA” in a young child's
dialog: handwriting!
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh Louie, I love you, sweetheart!
text: Joan is crying tears of joy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’m sorry, can we stop?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’m sorry. Please.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Louie, we're gonna stop for a
dialog: second, but I’m coming right back!
text: Joan jumps up and turns on the lights. Annie looks rattled.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: I’m sorry, I’m really...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I understand. That’s how I reacted
dialog: at first.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I think I need to go.
speaker_heading: JOAN ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s okay. Thank you. I’m sorry.
text: Annie RISES. Joan blows out the candle, grabs it, and
text: shuffles to the kitchen to fetch a sheet of paper. It
text: features a Sanskrit prayer (transcribed in carefully
text: handwritten English).
text: Joan returns to Annie with the paper and the black candle.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Here:
dialog: (handing them to her)
dialog: If you wanna try this yourself,
dialog: light the candle and choose one
dialog: item that belonged to your daughter
dialog: - that’1l be your link to her. Mine
dialog: was the chalkboard. That’s my link.
dialog: And then, when you’re ready -
dialog: (seriously, re: the
dialog: paper)
dialog: - read this out loud - every
dialog: syllable - very carefully.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: Why? What is it?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I don’t know what language it is.
dialog: The medium had me read it, too.
dialog: It’s to make it start. But your
dialog: whole family - everyone needs to be
dialog: in the room. Your son. Everyone.
text: Annie uneasily accepts the articles and then turns to leave.
text: As she walks toward the door:
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You didn’t kill her, Annie.
text: Annie turns sharply to Joan.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 70.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOAN
text: She isn’t gone.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I didn’t kill her!
text: Joan smiles warmly. “I know.”
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. Thank you.
text: Annie leaves, trembling.
scene_heading: INT. CAR (MOVING) - EVENING 97
text: A discombobulated Annie drives back home. Her eyes are
text: buzzing and her movements are jerky and ill-possessed.
text: She slows to a stop at a red light.
text: As she sits waiting for the light to change, Annie hears a
text: CLICKING SOUND in the back seat. She goes white. She slowly
text: turns to look at the empty back seat. The clicking has
dialog: ceased.
text: Annie's eyes are crazed.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAHAM HOUSE - NIGHT 98
text: A wide shot of the house. Bathed in the pale moonlight, it
text: almost looks like one of Annie’s miniatures. All the lights
dialog: are off, save for ONE window.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 99
text: Steve is fast asleep. Annie’s side of the bed is EMPTY.
text: The door to the MASTER BATHROOM is closed, but a band of
text: light is visible beneath the door. Behind the door, Annie is
text: heard WHISPERING intensely - presumably on the phone.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (0.S.)
dialog: Can it be anything?... Like her
dialog: clothes?
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 100
text: CLOSE UP on Peter’s profile. He’s asleep.
text: Off-screen, the door is heard CREAKING OPEN. After a moment,
text: Annie leans into frame, hovering over Peter.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Peter.
text: Peter doesn’t stir.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sweetheart. Peter. Wake up.
text: Peter inhales sharply. He wakes with a start.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It’s okay, honey, it’s me.
text: Peter is still getting oriented. Annie looks strangely
dialog: hopeful.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m so, so sorry for everything.
dialog: Please, please forgive me. I can’t
dialog: stand the things I said.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It’s okay.
text: Annie bends over to envelop him in a hug.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Can you get up, sweetheart? We’re
dialog: gonna try something.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I was just having a nightmare.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That’s okay, baby. We can do
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’ve figured it out.
scene_heading: 101 INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER 101
text: Annie stands over Steve, who’s asleep in bed.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Steve. Baby.
text: She nudges him gently.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Steve. Wake up.
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 72.
text: Steve jolts awake.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Come downstairs with us. We’re
dialog: gonna do something together.
text: Steve looks to the door. Peter is standing nervously in the
text: unlit hallway.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - MOMENTS LATER 102
text: Annie walks down the hall. Steve and Peter follow warily
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Dad?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: It’s okay.
text: Annie leads them to the unlit DINING ROOM...
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 103
text: The oval dining table has been set with an upturned DRINKING
text: GLASS. Beside it is CHARLIE’S DRAWING PAD and one of
text: Charlie’s hoodies. The BLACK CANDLE that Joan gave Annie is
text: dimly illuminating the table. The WINDOW is open, and it is
text: COLD. Peter hugs himself; Steve rubs his arms.
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: It's freezing.
text: Steve goes for the window.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No: Don’t change anything. I don’t
dialog: want to mess it up.
text: Annie sits down. There is a chair on either side of her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone sit.
dialog: They don’t.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: My friend Joan taught me how to do
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What friend Joan? And what's
dialog: “this”?
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Please sit. We need our palms on
text: the table and our fingers to touch.
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are we doing, Annie? Please. You’ll see.
text: Steve just looks at her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please just trust me.
text: Steve doesn’t budge.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fine!
text: Annie stands up, DRAGS the table halfway towards Steve and
text: Peter, and GRABS their hands.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: We can do it here, then.
text: She SQUEEZES their hands.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I need you both to concentrate.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: On what?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: pause)
dialog: Think about Charlie if you can.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (stern)
dialog: Annie!
text: Steve pulls his hand away from Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Sweetheart, please. Please. I tried
dialog: this twenty minutes ago and it
dialog: worked. I wouldn't be bringing you
dialog: down here if it didn’t.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What worked?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I wanna just show you.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Show us what?!
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Fuck! I’m a - medium!
dialog: Before Steve can protest:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I was seeing apparitions earlier. I
dialog: just shook them off, but I
dialog: shouldn’t have.
dialog: (gripping his hand)
dialog: Please: I know how it sounds.
dialog: There’s no way to talk about it, I
dialog: need to just show you. Okay?
dialog: Please. You'll see. I’m completely
text: lucid.
text: Steve just stares at her. She looks pleadingly at him.
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Peter)
dialog: You_can go to bed, Peter.
dialog: I‘1l stay. What? No. What are you doing?
dialog: (to Peter)
dialog: Peter: please. This needs all
dialog: of our energies. We need to
dialog: do this as a family.
dialog: Together.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: It’s okay, Dad. I'll stay.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: Please Steve. I need you to be
dialog: open. Both of you. I promise.
text: She holds out her hand, pleading for Steve’s. He reluctantly
text: obliges. Again, she SQUEEZES both of their hands.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, good. So I already read that
dialog: earlier...
text: Annie nods to the prayer sheet that Joan gave her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t think I need to read it
dialog: again.
text: Steve squints as he looks it over.
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What language is that? (back to business)
dialog: Okay: Try to concentrate.
text: Annie now addresses the room.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Charlie?... Charlie, are you here?
text: Steve looks ready to put an immediate stop to this, but he
text: sees Annie’s total determination. He holds off.
text: In the other room, a door is heard CREAKING. Peter looks in
dialog: that direction.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Charlie? It’s mommy. And daddy. And
dialog: Peter.
text: Silence. Peter and Steve are very uneasy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Charlie, if you’re in this room
dialog: with us -- I’m going to have us all
dialog: touch this glass.
text: Annie has PULLED Steve and Peter to the table. She rests her
text: palm on top of the glass. She takes Steve’s hand and Peter’s
text: hand. She lays them on top of hers.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Steve and Peter)
dialog: Don’t add pressure.
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Now if you're here, Charlie, I just
dialog: want you to move the glass for us.
dialog: Even if it’s just a tiny little
dialog: bit.
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (needing to interject) (ignoring Steve)
dialog: Annie. Even if it’s just the tiniest
dialog: little movement, Charlie!
text: A long stretch of nothing. Annie’s determination has not
text: waned. Peter suddenly TENSES UP.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: What the hell?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What’s wrong?
text: Max BARKS in the other room.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You don’t feel that?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Like a - flexing. In the air.
dialog: 76.
text: THE DRINKING GLASS SUDDENLY MOVES.
text: Peter and Steve retract their hands.
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE
dialog: What the hell? Wow! Yes! Thank you, Charlie!
dialog: That was so good!
text: The color has drained from Peter's face.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now Charlie, what I’d like for you
dialog: to do is I’d like for youto...
text: Annie opens the DRAWING PAD. She flips it to a blank page,
text: and lays a small piece of PENCIL LEAD on top.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: .-.-show them what you were doing
dialog: earlier.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Can you show them what you just did
dialog: for me?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Mom.
text: Intensely focused, Annie points to the pad.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Look: She’s gonna do it.
text: Peter looks to the pad, terrified. Steve SEES Peter’s fear.
text: Steve SHUTS the drawing pad.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: That’s enough.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What? No!
text: Annie grabs the pad and flips to a PAGE near the back. It is
text: a simple DRAWING - in Charlie’s style - of a CAR. She holds
dialog: it up for Steve.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: When I did this earlier, this
dialog: materialized on the page! I saw
dialog: this draw itself! I saw it!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Mom, what is this?
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
speaker_heading: IT’S CHARLIE!
speaker_heading: STEVE
speaker_heading: ANNIE-—
text: Cutting Steve off, Annie continues addressing the room.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did you finish, Charlie?! Did you
dialog: want to draw more?
text: She returns the drawing pad (now open to the car drawing) to
text: the center of the table.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You can keep going if you weren’t
dialog: finished!
text: Annie GRABS Steve’s and Peter’s hand, and presses them
text: against the table again. She pushes her hands on top of
dialog: theirs.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: We need to keep our fingers
dialog: touching. We need to give good
dialog: energy.
text: Steve PULLS his hand away. Peter does, too. Annie SEIZES
text: Peter's wrist.
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is SCARING him, Annie! No it’s NoT!
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Peter)
dialog: Don't be scared, Peter. This is
dialog: your sister.
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Charlie? Are you finished with the
dialog: drawing?
text: Silence. Suddenly an intense GUST OF AIR sweeps the room
text: (from the open window?) and the DOOR SLAMS SHUT. Max is now
text: BARKING like crazy in the other room.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Mom? ! (very scared)
dialog: lom? !
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Charlie? What’s wrong?
text: The air seems to be sucked out of the room for a moment. The
text: family is suspended in frightened anticipation. And then --
dialog: 78.
text: THE CANDLE’S FLAME BELCHES, as if fueled (for an instant) by
text: propane. Everyone GASPS! The flame is immediately
text: extinguished.
text: Silence now - save for Max, still barking in the other room.
text: We are left for a moment in darkness, and then...
text: The candle’s wick quietly RE-IGNITES on its own. The flame now
text: burns normally. Peter and Steve stare open-mouthed at this.
text: Steve looks under the table. Nothing is there. He warily
text: lifts the candle to see if there’s anything attached to the
text: bottom. There is not. Before Steve can react --
text: A FAINT GROANING SOUND is ushered. Peter and Steve, frozen for
text: a moment, look nervously to the source. It’s coming from...
text: ANNIE. Her head is down. She’s moaning, as if trying to
text: vomit. She’s in some sort of TRANCE. Finally, she lets outa
text: LONG, PAINED GROAN. Guttural and almost inhuman-sounding. It
text: drags out longer than wanted. And then...
text: Annie stops. Her eyes are WIDE. Like a child’s. She then says:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: But her voice sounds different. It will now remind us - in
text: inflection, in quality - of CHARLIE’S VOICE.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (like Charlie)
dialog: Mom?
text: Annie looks around, as if looking for “Mom.” She looks very
text: scared now (but she’s still squeezing Peter’s wrist).
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (like Charlie)
dialog: Mom?!
speaker_heading: PETER ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Steve) (like Charlie)
dialog: I don’t like this. What’s happening?!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: Dad! I don’t like this!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (also afraid)
dialog: Annie...
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (like Charlie)
dialog: What’s going on?!
text: Annie is still looking around, as if she can’t see. Asif
text: she’s BLIND.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Mommy? !
text: Annie is crying now, too.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (like Charlie)
dialog: Mom? ?
text: Mortified, Peter tugs on Steve’s arm.
speaker_heading: PETER STEVE
dialog: Please, dad! (helpless)
dialog: ANNIE! STOP IT!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (like Charlie)
dialog: What’s happening?! Why is everyone
dialog: scared?!
text: Terrified silence.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (like Charlie)
dialog: WHY ARE YOU SCARING ME?!
text: More terrified silence.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (like Charlie)
dialog: Dad! Peter! I’m scared! Where’s
dialog: mom? !
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: can’t take anymore
dialog: 'Y!
dialog: DAD!
text: Steve runs to TURN ON THE LIGHTS. Annie is still possessed,
text: looking blindly about the room.
text: Steve runs out of the room to go to the KITCHEN.
dialog: We stay with Annie and Peter.
speaker_heading: ANNIE PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (like Charlie)
dialog: Peter, what’s going on?
dialog: Where’s mom? Stop it!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (like a scared animal)
dialog: Why are you trying to scare me?!
dialog: 104
dialog: 80.
text: Steve re-enters the room, holding a GLASS OF WATER. He TOSSES
text: it in Annie’s face. She GASPS - roused from her trance.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell! What are you doing?!
text: Annie is frozen. She takes in her drenched body. Max has
text: stopped barking in the other room.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What just happened?
text: Peter and Steve are traumatized.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT 104
text: Steve has pulled Annie outside. He’s very aggressive. Annie
text: has wiped the water off her face with a towel. In the b.g.,
text: Peter watches from a window.
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE
dialog: What the fuck did you just
dialog: do? I didn’t do anything!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I swear to God, Annie--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You were there. You saw what
dialog: happened. That wasn’t me.
text: A fraught beat. Steve stares daggers.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What was that, Annie?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: We communicated with Charlie.
speaker_heading: . STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (meaning it)
dialog: Stop it. You saw that we did!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Did you happen to see your son in
dialog: there? Did you even notice that
dialog: he’s absolutely terrified?!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Are you sure you’re not terrified?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I am terrified! I’m fuckin’ scared
dialog: of you.
dialog: (definitively)
dialog: Tomorrow. We’re going to see Dr.
dialog: Stetson.
text: Annie's eyes go cold with recognition.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don’t wanna see Dr. Stetson.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Well, I don’t wanna be conducting
dialog: seances in my fucking dining room!
text: Steve storms inside. Annie follows him. She boils.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Goddamn it! Denial can be a crazy
dialog: thing, too, Steve! To be so rigid!
text: But Steve keeps walking off.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: HEY!
text: Steve pauses, also boiling.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened when I blacked out?
dialog: Did something happen?
text: Steve just looks at her.
scene_heading: 105 INT. ANNIE AND STEVE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 105
text: The moonlight is an icy blue.
text: Annie and Steve are in bed. Steve is asleep with his back to
text: Annie. Annie is too anxious to sleep.
text: She turns her face into her pillow, only to notice TWO ANTS
text: crawling on the pillowcase. She looks down to see THREE MORE
text: ANTS on the bed. She then pulls ONE ANT off of her shoulder.
text: Annie sits up. She looks down to see a TRAIL OF ANTS on the
text: floor, leading into the hallway. The trail is coming from the
speaker_heading: WINDOW.
text: Annie gets out of bed and checks the window. It’s locked. But
text: the trail seems to be COMING IN through a small gap in the
text: corner of the sill.
text: Annie follows the trail of black ants out of the room and
text: into the hallway...
scene_heading: 106 INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 106
text: The trail of ants is leading clearly to PETER’S BEDROOM. His
text: door is open. (There is the faint sound of Max’s barking, as
dialog: if heard from a great distance.)
scene_heading: 107 INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 107
text: Annie enters Peter’s bedroom. The queue of ants continues
text: toward Peter’s bed.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 82.
text: They crawl up the bed post and onto the mattress, continuing
text: up Peter’s leg and across his body - all the way up to his
dialog: neck.
text: Annie draws closer. As she approaches, it becomes horribly
dialog: apparent...
text: THE BLACK ANTS HAVE COMPLETELY ENVELOPED PETER’S HEAD AND
speaker_heading: FACE.
speaker_heading: PETER (V.O.)
dialog: Mom! What are you doing?!
text: CLOSE-UP OF ANNIE’S FACE. Her expression goes from horrified
text: to confused. She looks up, unnerved, and takes in her
dialog: surroundings. We cut WIDE to reveal:
text: Annie is standing in Peter’s dark room, but Peter is now
dialog: sitting up in bed. There are no ants. It was all a dream?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You were sleepwalking.
text: There is no audible room tone and the dialogue is strangely
text: CRISP, as though being spoken in a dreamy vacuum. The only
text: other sound is Max's distant BARKING.
text: Annie looks extremely confused and afraid.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’m sorry...
text: Annie looks around.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is Charlie here?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why are you scared of me?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (looking at him now)
dialog: What?
text: Annie's expression pleads “How could you ask me that?” But
text: Peter just stares back at her. Annie’s attitude suddenly
text: TURNS - from defensive to confessional. She admits:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I never wanted to be your mother.
text: Annie covers her mouth, as if in shock at her own words. She
text: looks to Peter like a child who just accidentally broke
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 83.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (still covering mouth)
dialog: I was scared. I didn’t feel like a
dialog: mother. But she pressured me.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Then why did you have me?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It’s not my fault...! I tried to
dialog: stop it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (barely able to say it)
dialog: ...I tried to have a miscarriage.
text: Peter starts tearing up.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (also tearing up)
dialog: However I could...! I did
dialog: everything they told me not to. But
dialog: it didn't work. I’m happy it didn’t
dialog: work!
text: Max's muffled barking has become faintly more distinct. Peter
text: is crying hard now.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You tried to kill me?
text: Annie, also crying, shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I love you.
text: We cut back to Peter, but his hair and face are now
text: inexplicably DRENCHED in liquid (presumably paint thinner).
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why did you try to kill me?
text: We cut back to Annie, revealing that she's now drenched in
dialog: paint thinner, too.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I didn’t. I was trying to save you.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 84.
text: An OFF-SCREEN FIRE IGNITES, illuminating Annie’s face in
text: hellish orange.
text: MAX'S OFF-SCREEN BARKING HAS NOW BECOME VERY LOUD, VERY
text: PRESENT. It reaches an almost unbearable pitch before we CUT
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE & STEVE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 108
text: ANNIE WAKES UP WITH A START. It was all a dream.
text: Max is barking wildly in the hallway.
text: A FLY lands on Annie’s face. Brushing it away, she notices
text: that Steve’s side of the bed is EMPTY. His pillow is also
speaker_heading: GONE.
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 109
text: Max's barking persists in the b.g.
text: The lights are on. Peter, dressed in his pajamas, sits
text: traumatized on the edge of his bed.
text: The composition of this shot (wide, high-angle) is MATCHED
text: eerily on the CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - NEXT DAY 110
text: Peter sits tensely in the back corner of his classroom.
text: The teacher stands at the blackboard, leading the class
text: through an algebra lesson.
text: Peter’s mind is a storm. He’s brought fiercely into the
text: present, however, when a strange, barely perceptible glint of
text: LIGHT (we've seen this before) FLASHES across the room. The
text: light ends at the WINDOW next to Peter.
text: Peter looks around. Nobody else noticed it. Peter blinks a
text: few times, concerned that he might be seeing things. He turns
text: back to the window to see...
text: Peter’s REFLECTION is staring pointedly back at him.
text: The color drains from Peter’s face. He looks weakly back at
text: his own reflection, whose eyes HARDEN bitterly against him.
text: Overwhelmed, Peter abruptly STANDS UP, distracting the
dialog: teacher.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Yes, Peter?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I - have to go to the bathroom.
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 85.
text: Aware of Peter’s recent trauma, the Teacher is careful to be
dialog: extra-sensitive.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: That’s fine. Just take the pass.
text: Peter leaves, tears in his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. STEVE’S OFFICE - DAY 111
text: Steve sits stiffly at the computer in his office. He has
text: typed into his search engine “Paranormal evidence, voice
text: channeling,” but he pauses and then DELETES this. He instead
dialog: writes “Symptomatology and management of grief
text: hallucinations.” He presses SEND.
text: Steve looks over the results, and then clicks on a separate
text: tab. It’s a half-composed EMAIL to a fellow psychiatrist. The
dialog: email reads...
dialog: Hi Bob,
dialog: I hesitate to write, but I’m worried that Annie might be on
dialog: the verge of (or in the MIDDLE of)
dialog: He’s stuck on how to continue.
text: Steve’s cell phone rings. It’s an unknown number. He
text: hesitates before answering it.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hello?
text: There’s a strange wave of STATIC and then...
speaker_heading: PETER (V.O.)
dialog: (almost whispering)
dialog: Dad?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Peter?
text: We can hear that Peter is crying, near hysteria.
speaker_heading: PETER (V.O.)
text: Something’s at the school.
speaker_heading: ; STEVE PETER (V.0.)
dialog: What is? It followed me here!
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - SAME TIME 112
text: The cordless PHONE is ringing. Two FLIES crawl across it.
text: Annie, still wearing her nightgown, nervously works on a
text: FUNERAL HOME model. The ringing STOPS, but then starts again.
text: Annie now turns to ANSWER the phone.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hello?
text: Steve is on the other end. We can hear that he is DRIVING.
speaker_heading: STEVE (V.O.)
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Can you guess who just called me
dialog: from school in complete hysterics?
text: Annie goes pale.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: STEVE (V.O.)
dialog: ...What?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I -- nothing. What happened?
speaker_heading: STEVE (V.O.)
dialog: Peter just called me, Annie.
text: Terrified. Crying in the halls.
dialog: He’s convinced he’s being
text: threatened by some vengeful spirit.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Why does he think he’s being
dialog: threatened?
speaker_heading: STEVE (V.O.)
dialog: (no patience)
dialog: Listen to me, Annie: I have a son
dialog: to protect.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: STEVE (V.O.)
dialog: It means that’s what I’m worried
dialog: about right now. That’s how I’m
dialog: proceeding.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Don’t talk to me like this. He’s my
dialog: son, too.
text: CLICK. He’s hung up.
text: Infuriated, Annie calls Steve back. He answers.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t hang up on me again. I’m not
dialog: sleepwalking anymore, you understand?
text: She hangs up.
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 87.
text: Annie returns to the miniature funeral home. She carefully
text: (but tensely) presses a freshly GLUED piece of balsa wood
text: against the beautifully rendered wall. She holds it in place.
text: The phone RINGS. Annie doesn’t care. It rings until the
text: ANSWERING MACHINE gets it. After the outgoing message, the
text: machine BEEPS and a WOMAN leaves a message.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Hi Annie! It’s Margaret at the Asher
dialog: Gallery. I’m just calling to see how
dialog: things are with you and your family -
dialog: I hope everything’s okay — and also,
dialog: just wondering, uh, how the progress
dialog: is going. Not that you need reminding
dialog: - haha - but we are a little less
dialog: than nine weeks away, so it would
dialog: just be nice to get the vaguest sense
dialog: of where we are. So yeah, call me
dialog: back whenever, and again, I really
dialog: hope everything’s okay and our
dialog: thoughts are all very much with your
dialog: family, so - Okay. Thanks so much.
text: Click. BEEP.
text: Annie has grown extremely TENSE over the course of that
text: message. Still applying pressure to the glued-on piece, she
text: pushes a little too hard, and her thumb BREAKS THROUGH the
text: miniature’s wall.
text: Annie FREEZES for a moment, shocked. Then, overcome by sheer
text: frustration, she raises her FIST and SMASHES IT DOWN into the
text: funeral home’s floor, SNAPPING it.
text: Taken by a surge of destructive rage, she SWEEPS the
text: miniature off the table and rises to STOMP her foot through
text: its roof. DESTROYING IT.
text: Without missing a beat, she grabs a HAMMER and proceeds to
text: SMASH APART the rest of her miniatures. It’s a woeful,
text: devastating fit. By the time Annie gets a grip on herself,
text: it’s too late. All of the pieces have been destroyed. All
text: except for one... The MINIATURE OF THE GRAHAM HOUSE.
text: Annie drops the hammer.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - MOMENTS LATER 113
text: Steve and Peter enter through the front door. A bad SMELL
text: immediately hits them.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Whoa. Jesus.
text: They proceed up the stairs. Steve swipes away a fly.
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 88.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Did something die in here?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 114
text: Peter goes to his room, closing the door behind him.
text: Steve walks up to the WORKSHOP’s door. He opens it without
dialog: knocking.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (entering)
dialog: Annie, what is that smell--
text: But he FREEZES when he sees the state of the demolished room.
text: Annie sits in her chair, completely surrounded by smashed and
text: splintered wood.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: ...What happened?
text: He looks at Annie and almost immediately understands. She did
text: this. His heart breaks.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I didn’t wanna look at it anymore.
text: Steve stares at her for a very long time. He then grabs the
text: PHONE and storms into the hallway, dialing a number.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Hey! Who are you calling?!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - LATER
text: Through the upstairs hallway window, A CAR pulls up to park
text: behind Steve’s car. A pleasant, well scrubbed man (50s)
text: emerges to walk toward the house. This is DR. STETSON.
text: There is a KNOCK at the door. It is heard OPENING.
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON (0.S.)
dialog: Hi Steve.
speaker_heading: STEVE (0.S.)
dialog: Thanks for coming, Bob. Yeah:
dialog: forgive the smell. I think
text: something died in the walls.
text: Annie is standing in the upstairs hallway, listening.
speaker_heading: STEVE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (sighs)
text: She’s upstairs right now.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 89.
text: Annie takes this as her cue. She walks defiantly down the
text: stairs. She arrives at the bottom, in the FOYER. Dr. Stetson
text: acknowledges her with a big smile.
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON
dialog: (warmly )
dialog: Hi Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Dr. Stetson.
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON
dialog: Can we all sit somewhere and talk?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (disdainful)
dialog: Yeah, let’s make ourselves at home.
text: Annie sits in a chair in the corner. Dr. Stetson takes a
text: chair and brings it nearer. Stetson sits across from Annie,
text: without crowding her. (A couple flies will be buzzing around
dialog: throughout.)
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Not amazing.
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON
dialog: Can you talk about why?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (blunt)
dialog: Uh - because my daughter was killed
dialog: and now my psychiatrist husband is
dialog: calling over his peers to
dialog: investigate me.
text: Steve glowers.
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON
dialog: Nobody's investigating you, Annie.
text: Annie just stares at him.
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON (CONT’D)
dialog: Can I ask how you are?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm fine. I’m lucid. I’m in
dialog: mourning and I’m trying to cope,
dialog: and he’s supposed to be my partner,
dialog: so forgive me if I’m not bouncing
dialog: off the walls to see you.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON
dialog: Nobody's trying to do anything
dialog: against you right now, Annie. I
dialog: promise you.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Then stop patronizing me please.
text: Stetson takes a long pause. He levels with her:
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON
dialog: What’s all this about ghosts? And
dialog: seances?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (direct)
dialog: I thought I felt a presence. I was
dialog: hopeful, as you can imagine. It was
dialog: fleeting, and now I’m back to
text: grieving.
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON
dialog: Okay... All right.
dialog: (moving on)
dialog: And why did you destroy your work?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (turning back to
dialog: Stetson)
dialog: Because it’s my work.
text: Annie's eyes are stone. Brief pause.
speaker_heading: LATER
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON
dialog: (relenting)
dialog: Fair enough. So I’m gonna ask you
dialog: some annoying questions now, Annie.
dialog: (making sure to not
dialog: patronize)
dialog: I can see that you're lucid. This
dialog: is just simply what I have to do.
dialog: Okay?
dialog: (first question)
dialog: What day is it?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Tuesday.
speaker_heading: DR. STETSON
dialog: When in the month?
dialog: 115
text: Through the foyer window, we see Steve and Dr. Stetson
text: OUTSIDE. This is from Annie’s POV.
text: Dr. Stetson seems to be explaining something to Steve. Steve
dialog: nods,
text: frustrated.
dialog: 116
dialog: 91.
text: We see Dr. Stetson say “I’m sorry, I can’t” and then he walks
text: off to his car. Steve sulks back toward the house.
text: Steve enters. He looks at Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What were you hoping? That I'd tell
dialog: your psychiatrist friend that we
dialog: brought back our dead daughter? You
dialog: think I don’t know how that sounds?
text: Steve nods, numb. He walks past her, toward the stairs. Annie
text: pauses before following him up.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - MOMENTS LATER 116
text: Steve has entered the workshop. He walks heavily around the
dialog: ruins.
text: Annie steps in. Watches him.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: You worked so hard for this show.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Jesus Christ - Fuck the show.
dialog: You're ignoring this!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I’m not ignoring anything -
dialog: believe me.
dialog: Long pause.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (tensely, measuredly)
dialog: I won’t indulge this behavior
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I won’t. I can’t allow it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You ignore everything! If you
dialog: can’t find it in one of your
dialog: books!
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: “Indulge”?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D
dialog: “Allow” now! Jesus! Listen to
dialog: how you’re just clinging!
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: You’re the one who’s gonna go
dialog: crazy, Steve. If you keep
dialog: just denying what’s in front
dialog: of you.
text: Steve stares at her, overwhelmed. He looks down to notice at
text: his feet: the figurine of Annie’s Mother, holding out her
text: breast. Steve lets out a defeated sigh.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (tears building)
dialog: You know, Annie...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 92.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: You can still build a shrine to the
dialog: terrible stuff. Doesn’t mean you
dialog: have to destroy anything good.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, it’s not anything good. It’s
dialog: nothing. It means nothing. This -—
dialog: (kicks a piece of wood)
dialog: - is what I cared about.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Except for that one.
text: Steve is pointing out the pristine Graham House replica. He
text: looks it over. Something makes him chuckle bitterly to
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice touch.
text: Annie looks at Steve, not understanding. She walks over to
dialog: the miniature.
text: She sees that something has been ADDED to Peter’s bedroom. A
text: HEADLESS FIGURINE (now wearing Peter’s clothes) is lying in
text: Peter's bed. The color drains from Annie’s face.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: I was wondering when Peter would
dialog: get switched with Charlie.
text: Annie is covering her mouth with her hands. She is having a
text: horrible revelation. Her eyes then SCAN UP to notice
dialog: something else...
text: The figurine of ANNIE (on her knees, face in her hands) is
text: now in the ATTIC replica. The figurine is dressed in a
text: NIGHTGOWN (the same one that Annie is wearing now), except
text: its front is covered in blood.
text: Defeated, Steve leaves the room.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: I didn’t sleep at all last night.
dialog: If you can believe it.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MINUTES LATER 117
text: Rattled and extremely tense, Steve sits at the couch, which
text: is dressed with a blanket and pillow. He uncaps a
scene_heading: PRESCRIPTION BOTTLE (sleeping pills).
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 93.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Always you - right Steve? You hold
dialog: it all together.
text: He draws out TWO PILLS and knocks them back. He then
text: hesitates before pulling out one more. He DOWNS it.
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - LATER THAT NIGHT 118
text: Through the open door of the workshop (whose lights are now
text: off), Peter is seen TURNING OFF THE LIGHTS in his bedroom. He
text: looks out into the hall, paranoid, and then shuts the door.
text: Several FLIES adorn the hallway walls.
text: This was seen from ANNIE’S POV. She’s sitting in the dark,
text: among the wreckage of her work. She’s still in shock over the
text: inexplicable additions to the Graham replica.
text: Suddenly she HEARS the faint sound of a PENCIL VIGOROUSLY
text: SCRATCHING PAPER. It’s coming from down the hall. She
text: hesitates before rising and entering the HALLWAY...
text: More and more flies have collected. They seem especially
text: prominent around the ATTIC DOOR on the ceiling.
text: Noting this, Annie continues to follow the sound of drawing
dialog: to arrive at...
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 119
text: The door is open. The lights are OFF. The sound of PENCIL
text: FEVERISHLY SCRATCHING PAPER is heard, although the room is
text: completely empty.
text: Annie stands at the door. She hesitates before turning on the
dialog: light.
text: CHARLIE’S DRAWING PAD rests on Charlie’s bed. It’s open to a
text: mostly blank page, but a DRAWING IS MATERIALIZING on it. It
text: is then FLIPPED (as if by wind) to the next page, where anew
text: drawing begins. We can’t yet see the content of the drawings.
text: Annie approaches the drawing pad to investigate. Her eyes,
text: already buzzing with fear, now widen with HORROR.
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 120
text: The door is closed and the lights are off. Peter is inbed,
text: trying to sleep. Silence, save for a buzzing fly. Then...
text: A CLICKING of the tongue. Peter’s eyes OPEN. He slowly looks
text: up, scanning past the bed, to SEE...
text: CHARLIE is standing in the dark corner of the room (where
text: Peter mistook his hoodie for a person). Charlie stares at
text: Peter with unblinking eyes. It’s almost too dark to make her
text: out. Another CLICK.
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 94.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Charlie?
text: A long silence. Charlie slowly opens her MOUTH, but then her
text: head DROOPS forward and rolls OFF her shoulders. It tumbles
text: to the floor and rolls toward Peter, but when it rolls intoa
text: block of moonlight (cast from the window), it’s revealed to
dialog: be a Nerf basketball.
text: Peter glares at the ball. A quiet GROWLING is heard from the
text: door. Peter looks up.
text: The door is now OPEN and Max stands in the doorway. He seems
text: to be disturbed by Peter - or rather, by something standing
text: behind Peter.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: What is it, Max?
text: Suddenly TWO HANDS materialize from behind Peter’s head. They
text: grab his face, grasping under his chin. They TUG BACK on his
text: head, as if trying to yank it off. Peter SCREAMS.
text: Max runs in to attack, but the DOOR SLAMS IN HIS FACE.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 121
text: Max paws aggressively at the door, barking wildly.
text: Suddenly, Max's HIND LEGS are lifted, as if by invisible
text: hands, and TUGGED back by a great, vacuuming force. He is
text: SUCKED across the hall and down the stairs. We FOLLOW the
text: mortified dog as it’s pulled all the way down to the FOYER.
text: The FRONT DOOR IS OPEN and Max is deposited violently out of
text: the house. The door SLAMS SHUT.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME TIME 122
text: Steve is FAST ASLEEP on the couch.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (0.S.)
dialog: Peter! Peter!
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 123
text: Peter has just been released by the phantom hands. He’s
text: frantic. ANNIE is now standing in the room.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What’s wrong, baby?! What
dialog: happened?!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What are you doing?!
dialog: 124
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What do you mean?!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You were pulling on my head!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?!
text: Peter looks terrified of her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: No I wasn’t! I just came in! You
dialog: were screaming!
text: Peter is crying.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I saw Charlie in the corner and
dialog: then you started pulling on my
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Peter! I would never do that to
dialog: you! Are you crazy? I would never
dialog: hurt you. How could you even think
dialog: that?
text: Peter just stares at her through frightened tears.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: -..-You saw Charlie in what corner?
text: Peter can’t answer. He’s horrified.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen to me, Peter. I don’t know
dialog: what’s happening or what you just
dialog: saw, but I’m stopping this. Do NOT
dialog: tell dad what you just said to me.
dialog: Please. It's NOT true. Something’s
dialog: going on, and I’m the only one who
dialog: can stop this. Do you understand?
dialog: I’m the only one who can fix it.
text: Peter stares unblinkingly at her.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLIE’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 124
text: Charlie’s DRAWING PAD is open. We track slowly in, revealing
text: the CONTENT of two of the drawings...
text: Both are crude, violently drawn sketches of PETER’S FACE, but
text: the EYES are replaced with X’s. The faces are framed by
text: furiously sketched TRIANGLES.
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 96.
text: A BREEZE blows in from the window, flipping to the NEXT PAGE -—
text: more of the same - and then the next page - still more of the
dialog: same - and then the next page, etc...
text: Annie’s HAND enters to seize the drawing pad. She leaves the
dialog: room.
text: Max's barking persists in the b.g.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 125
text: Annie has started a FIRE in the fireplace. (In theb.g.,
text: Steve is still asleep on the couch.)
text: Annie clutches Charlie’s drawing pad, gazing into the fire.
text: She inhales deeply, holds her breath, and then THROWS the pad
text: in. At first it resists the flames, but then, the EDGE of one
text: sheet begins to BURN.
text: Annie watches this, eyes glued to the fire. But the shoulder
text: of her SHIRT has sprouted the tiny beginning of a FLAME. It
text: is the same size as the burgeoning flame at the drawing pad’s
text: edge. Annie doesn’t even notice.
text: The flame spreads slowly along the drawing pad’s edge. As
text: this happens, the flame on Annie’s shoulder SPREADS ALONG HER
text: ARM. Annie notices this and panics. She desperately tries to
dialog: stamp out the fire, but it’s no use.
text: The fireplace-fire starts to CONSUME the edges of the drawing
text: pad. Simultaneously, ANNIE’S ARM IS ENGULFED FOR A MOMENT IN
text: FLAMES. The fire on her arm is mimicking the fire that’s
text: eating the book.
text: Annie SCREAMS, pulls the drawing pad out of the fire, and
text: STAMPS OUT the flames. As she stamps it out, the fire on her
text: arm is duly EXTINGUISHED.
text: Annie understands now. She’s tied to the book.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAHAM HOUSE - NIGHT 126
text: The MOON hangs large over the house. We then SLAM CUT to
text: MORNING. The moon has been replaced by a shrill SUN.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MORNING 127
text: Peter steps out of his bedroom, backpack slung over his
text: shoulder. He clearly didn’t sleep last night and his eyes are
text: buzzing with anxiety. He looks down the hall at the
text: workshop’s DOOR, which is open by the faintest CRACK. He
text: hesitates and walks off.
text: Behind the workshop door: ANNIE stares through the crack,
text: making sure that Peter leaves.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 97.
scene_heading: 128 INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT BUILDING - THIRD FLOOR - MOMENTS LATIEDRS
text: Annie, looking frighteningly determined, emerges from the
text: elevator of JOAN’S BUILDING. She’s still wearing her
text: nightgown under a coat. She rushes to JOAN’S DOOR and knocks.
dialog: No answer.
text: Annie knocks again, more urgently.
scene_heading: 129 INT. JOAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 129
text: Nobody's home. We are pulling back from the DOOR (as Annie’s
text: knocking persists) to REVEAL the apartment...
text: It looks mostly the same, but it’s now adorned in cloths and
text: drapes that feature various SYMBOLS. One of these is an
text: ORNATE SIGIL (which we recognize as the one on Annie’s
dialog: necklace). This is the Sigil of PAIMON, and it can now be
text: found all over the room.
text: The TABLE at which Annie and Joan performed the seance (which
text: was then covered in a table-cloth) is now bare, revealing
text: that the tabletop has a LARGE TRIANGLE carved into it
text: (pointing to the northwest). Resting in the middle of the
text: triangle is a PHOTO OF PETER. Beside this is an ATHAME
text: (ritual dagger), a scattering of herbs, and finally...
dialog: A primitive DIORAMA (the same that we saw earlier on
text: Charlie’s desk, but now finished). Standing center stage is a
text: crude manikin of a human torso whose head is an actual
text: SEVERED RAVEN HEAD. Atop the head is an aluminum-foil CROWN.
text: Three other sculptures BOW ON THEIR KNEES to the raven-headed
text: figure. Their heads are the severed PIGEON HEAD (now
text: decomposing), a severed RAT HEAD and a severed SQUIRREL HEAD.
text: Annie's knocking continues.
scene_heading: 130 INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 130
text: Annie ceases knocking. She looks DOWN to notice that she’s
dialog: standing on...
scene_heading: The WELCOME MAT. “JOANIE.”
text: Annie's mind starts racing. She thinks for a moment and then -
text: it hits her! Annie RACES back to the elevator.
text: A SCHOOL BELL RINGS, bridging our CUT TO:
scene_heading: 131 EXT. HIGH SCHOOL - DAY 131
text: LUNCH TIME. It’s overcast, dark and windy. Students mill
text: about in flapping clothes.
text: Just beyond the high school fence is a ROAD with heavy
text: traffic. PETER is seated at an empty table near the fence,
text: eating (or rather, not eating) the cafeteria food.
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 98.
text: The TRAFFIC NOISE is loud and imposing. Peter LISTENS to it,
text: losing himself in the white noise. But there’s something
text: looming underneath the traffic noise...
text: It's like a distant YELLING, but too distant to make out.
text: Slowly it becomes clearer, more distinct. It’s a WOMAN’S
text: VOICE and it’s yelling “Peter.”
text: Peter looks up. Where is it coming from?
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (still vague)
dialog: ...I expel you...!
text: Peter looks around. Soon his eyes settle on something...
text: Across the road, on a far sidewalk, JOAN is standing. She
text: looks raving mad. She’s staring directly at Peter and she’s
text: screaming like a lunatic.
speaker_heading: JOAN
scene_heading: SATONY, DEGONY, EPARIGON!
text: Terrified, Peter rises from his seat. He looks around to see
text: if anyone else is noticing this. Nobody is.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: PETER!
text: Peter looks back at her. They MEET EYES.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: GET OUT, PETER!
text: Peter breaks the gaze. He looks around, appealing to any/all
text: of the circulating kids. It’s clear that none of them see or
dialog: hear this. How is that possible?
speaker_heading: JOAN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: PETER!!!
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE’S WORKSHOP - DAY 132
text: Annie runs in from the hallway.
text: She rushes to the BOXES marked “Mom’s Things.” She opens the
text: first box and finds a HAND-EMBROIDERED WELCOME MAT. It’s the
text: exact same style as Joan’s. Embroidered into it is the name
text: “ANNIE”. Under that is another mat, bearing the name
text: “CHARLES” and featuring the now-familiar sigil of PAIMON.
text: Annie goes to the next box. She dig through a collection of
text: herbs and oils, and beneath those, she finds a familiar
text: hardback: NOTES ON SPIRITUALISM. Below this, a couple other
text: hardbacks: one that appears to be a GRIMOIRE (book of spells)
text: and the other titled INVOCATIONS.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 99.
text: INVOCATIONS’ cover features an esoteric sigil. Annie opens
text: the book to find that it’s filled with vivid etchings of
scene_heading: DEMONIC POSSESSION RITUALS.
text: Annie goes to a MARKED PAGE. It features an illustration ofa
text: beastly man with a hulking body and a strangely effeminate
text: face. He rides a dromedary and wears a crown. Tied to his hip
text: is a collection of SEVERED HEADS. Behind him is a queue of
text: frolicking ghouls, all headless and all playing instruments.
text: A title reads “King Paimon (God of Mischief)."
text: Annie finds a HIGHLIGHTED PARAGRAPH: "When successfully
text: invoked, Paimon will possess the most vulnerable host. Only
text: when the ritual is complete will Paimon be locked into his
text: ordained host. Once locked in, a new ritual is required to
dialog: unlock the possession."
text: A sentence underlined in pencil reads: "Paimon is Male, thus
text: covetous of a male human body."
text: The next page features an etching of a man sitting atopa
text: mountain of treasure. A caption reads: “The riches to the
dialog: conjurer."
text: Annie comes to the TITLE PAGE of the book. There isa
text: handwritten NOTE. It reads:
dialog: My darling, dear, beautiful Annie,
dialog: Forgive me all the things I could not tell you, as TI
dialog: truly could not. Please don’t hate me and try not to
dialog: despair your losses. You will see in the end that they
dialog: were worth it.
dialog: Our sacrifice will pale next to the rewards.
dialog: Love, Mommy
text: Mortified, Annie throws the book into the box, and digs
text: deeper to find TWO PHOTO ALBUMS, familiarly titled
dialog: “Memories.”
text: Annie flips through one of the albums. For a while, nothing
text: of note. But then she FINDS something...
text: A PHOTO of ANNIE’S MOTHER, 20 years younger, standing with
text: JOAN, also 20 years younger. They both wear replicas of
text: Annie's NECKLACE - the one bearing the now-familiar sigil of
dialog: Paimon.
text: Stunned, Annie continues through the photo album. She finds
text: SEVERAL MORE PHOTOS FEATURING JOAN, who's often standing in
text: the background. Always wearing the necklace. She and Annie's
dialog: Mother were evidently close friends.
text: Another photo: Annie’s mother guides a baby bottle into BABY
text: CHARLIE’s mouth. The bottle’s milk is polluted with black
dialog: herbs.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 100.
text: Finally, Annie comes to a particularly bizarre photo. It
text: features Joan pouring gold/silver coins over Annie’s Mother's
text: head. Annie’s Mother, wearing a tiara, is weeping/laughing
text: tears of joy. They are surrounded by an intimate, APPLAUDING
dialog: audience.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY 133
text: Students are returning to class.
text: Peter walks trembling down the hall. Any lingering kids
text: disperse to enter their classrooms. Peter approaches his
text: classroom, a gnawing apprehension taking him over.
text: Suddenly, from behind Peter, a FLASH of light STREAKS across
text: the length of the hall. It sweeps past Peter. He FREEZES.
text: The light seems to disappear at Peter’s CLASSROOM. Peter
text: stares at the door.
text: Through the door’s window, MR. DAVIES (the teacher) turns to
text: see Peter. They lock eyes. Davies smiles expectantly.
text: Feeling pressured, Peter walks to the classroom. He ENTERS.
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER 134
text: The hallway is crawling with flies.
text: Annie, still holding the photo album, enters (from the
dialog: Workshop) to investigate.
text: The ceiling’s ATTIC HATCH is now covered in more flies than
text: ever. It’s clearly the source of the infestation.
text: Annie, eyes crazed with paranoia, stares at the hatch. A
text: short (but accessible) rope hangs from it, asking to be
dialog: pulled.
text: Annie pulls on the rope, slowly OPENING the attic hatch and
text: releasing its retractable stairway. A HORDE OF FLIES escapes
text: the attic.
text: Annie hesitates before climbing up.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - CONTINUOUS 135
text: The attic is dank and claustrophobic. There is one window,
text: letting in scant moonlight. Otherwise, the space is obscured
text: in utter darkness.
text: Annie pokes her head in. At the foot of the entrance is a
text: FLASHLIGHT. Annie takes it, turns it on, and shines its beam
text: into the shadows.
text: Flies are everywhere. Their buzzing permeates the room.
dialog: 136
dialog: 101.
text: Waving away the flies, Annie explores the space. It’s filled
text: with discarded pieces of the family’s past. Old cribs, a
dialog: mattress, toys, etc.
text: Finally, Annie’s FLASHLIGHT dawns on something. A FIGURE
text: lying prostrate in the corner. Annie approaches it. The flies
text: get louder. Annie finally gets close enough to SEE...
text: It is a WOMAN’S CORPSE, and upon closer inspection, its HEAD
text: is seen to be MISSING. From the white and wrinkled hands,
text: it’s evident that this was an old woman. She is also wearing
text: a WHITE SILK ROBE - identical to the one that Charlie saw the
text: corpse wearing earlier in the woods. (Is this Ellen Leigh’s
text: corpse?) A large TRIANGLE has been drawn in chalk around the
dialog: body.
text: Annie GASPS, staggers back, and bends over to RETCH. As she
text: does so, the flashlight’s beam crosses something on the
text: VAULTED CEILING above the body. Annie pauses before raising
text: the flashlight. She trains it on the ceiling to reveal...
text: THE SIGIL OF PAIMON has been painted onto the ceiling in now-
text: dry BLOOD. Flies crawl across its coarse black-red strokes.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY 136
text: Peter sits at the back of the class. He WRINGS his hands,
text: anxiety mounting. He’s still thinking about the woman (Joan)
text: who was yelling at him.
text: Mr. Davies stands at the chalkboard. Written on the board:
dialog: “Punishment brings wisdom.”
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES
dialog: So, everyone feels justified:
dialog: Iphigenia’s murder was commanded by
dialog: the gods - so really Agamemnon had
dialog: no choice. And Clytemnestra is
text: driven by revenge, just like
text: Orestes when he returns...
text: Suddenly, Peter hears something behind him. A distant
text: CLICKING of the tongue. We focus in on Peter’s EAR. Separated
text: by a few seconds each, the clicks become clearer and more
text: present with every CLICK. It’s as if the source is nearing.
text: Soon it’s loud enough to be RIGHT NEXT TO PETER’S FACE.
text: Suddenly, as seen from behind, PETER’S ARM SPIKES UP INTO THE
text: AIR. Because we’re behind him, we don’t see Peter’s face. The
text: tense arm is HELD there, as if being pulled by an unseen
text: force. The clicking sound continues.
text: Mr. Davies turns to notice Peter.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling on him)
dialog: Peter.
dialog: 102.
text: Mr. Davies waits, but after a moment, his expression darkens
dialog: into concern.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES (CONT'D)
dialog: Peter, are you okay?
text: We now reveal PETER. His face is CONTORTED with terrible
text: stress, as if his head were gripped by an electric vice. His
text: eyes are locked open; his eyeballs darting around, as if
text: appealing for help. His hand remains stiffly raised and he
text: seems to have difficulty breathing. In fact, his face is
text: about to turn purple.
text: PETER CLICKS HIS TONGUE. He’s now the one clicking.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES (CONT'D)
dialog: Peter. What’s wrong?
text: Bridget, staring at Peter, looks especially disturbed. Peter
text: CLICKS again.
speaker_heading: MR. DAVIES (CONT'D)
dialog: I...
text: Suddenly Peter GASPS a horrible, gurgling gasp. It sounds
text: like an agonized SQUEAL, much like the one we heard from
text: Charlie during her allergic attack (before her decapitation).
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Can he breathe?!
text: A spit-bubble forms on Peter’s lips as he struggles
text: hopelessly to speak. But then--
text: Peter’s head is SLAMMED FACE-DOWN into his desk. It holds
text: there, trembling with tension. His face is SMEARED across the
text: desktop, as if a great pressure is being applied to the back
text: of his head. One can almost hear Peter’s nose CRUNCHING.
text: Peter’s head suddenly swings back up, as if being YANKED by
text: the hair. He is held upright for a moment, revealing that his
text: eyes are pitch-red with tears. His nose is also bleeding
text: lightly. He looks extremely disoriented.
speaker_heading: PETER
speaker_heading: MOM!
text: Peter’s head is SLAMMED back down, into the table. Blood
text: BURSTS out of his now-broken nose.
dialog: The class screams!
text: Peter, suddenly in possession of his faculties, KICKS himself
text: back. He stumbles out of his chair, knocking over the desk as
text: he staggers backward. He has been RELEASED from whatever was
text: just gripping him.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 103.
text: He SCREAMS, throwing his arms around, fending off whatever it
text: was. He breaks down in SOBS, fraught with terror.
text: The class is completely silent.
scene_heading: INT. STEVE’S OFFICE - DAY 137
text: A haggard Steve sits in his office, nursing a scotch.
text: His cell phone VIBRATES. It’s ANNIE.
text: Steve just stares at it. Letting it vibrate. It stops.
text: After a moment, the office phone RINGS. He looks at it.
dialog: Thinks about answering. Doesn't.
text: He turns in his chair, raising the scotch to his lips.
text: Ignoring the phone. He downs the glass.
text: We now reveal the office phone’s CALLER ID. This call is
text: coming from Peter’s High School.
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 138
text: The land-line rings. It’s the high school, now calling the
dialog: Graham house.
text: Nobody is home.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - SAME TIME 139
text: Annie sits in her car, parked on the street. She is waiting
text: in the driver seat, eyes crazed. She watches the house,
text: holding her cell phone at the ready.
text: A car drives by. She turns to investigate. It’s not Steve.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Goddamn it, Steve. Come home.
scene_heading: INT. STEVE’S OFFICE - SAME TIME 140
text: Steve is still in his office, eyes closed, leaning back in
text: his chair. Clinging to the peace.
text: The phone rings again. He sets his drink on the table and
text: grudgingly answers.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hello?
text: Pause. Steve suddenly becomes alert.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: What? What happened?
dialog: (listens for a moment)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 104.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. Yes. I’m coming now. Which
dialog: hospital?
scene_heading: INT. CAR (MOVING) - LATE AFTERNOON 141
text: Steve is now driving home. PETER is asleep in the back seat.
text: His nose is HEAVILY BANDAGED and his eyes are black and blue.
text: Steve looks at the rear-view mirror while he drives. Watches
text: his son sleep.
text: Steve looks back to the road to see -- he’s about to runa
text: red light. He STOMPS on the brake.
text: Despite the harsh stop, Peter remains asleep.
text: Steve grips the wheel, on the edge of his seat. A moment of
text: tense silence and then: the floodgates open. Steve starts
text: CRYING, overwhelmed. After a moment of this, he regains
dialog: composure.
text: The light goes GREEN.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE’S CAR - LATE AFTERNOON 142
text: Annie is still waiting anxiously in her car.
text: Steve’s car is seen pulling into the Graham driveway. Annie
text: heaves a relieved sigh - “finally!” But then she notices that
text: Steve is pulling an unconscious Peter out of the back seat.
text: She sees Peter’s bandaged nose and PANICS.
text: Annie jumps out of the car and bounds over. She’s gripping
text: her mother’s photo album.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh my God what happened?!
text: Steve turns to Annie as she arrives. He’s in no mood for any
text: histrionics. Annie GASPS at the sight of Peter’s face.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who did that?!
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: He did apparently. Smashed his own
text: face into his desk, hard enough to
dialog: break it.
text: This only feeds Annie’s paranoia. She covers her mouth with
text: her hands.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (needing to tell him)
dialog: Steve...
dialog: 143
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (blunt)
dialog: Please: just take his feet.
text: Annie hesitantly gathers Peter’s feet. Steve proceeds toward
text: the house, carrying Peter by his underarms.
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - DAY 143
text: Outside, Max's BARKING is heard. It will persist through the
text: following scene.
text: Steve and Annie lay the comatose Peter into bed. Steve looks
text: down at Peter, sapped. He’s avoiding Annie’s eyes.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Steve.
text: Steve waits for her to continue.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
text: ...Upstairs, in the attic... When
dialog: you were gone, I went up there.
text: Steve closes his eyes, not wanting to hear whatever’s coming.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
text: There’s a decapitated body. An old
dialog: woman...
text: Steve’s eyes open, numb. He looks blankly at Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (reacting)
dialog: That’s what all the flies are!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (zero inflection)
dialog: A body?
speaker_heading: ANNIE STEVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Go upstairs. Look for
dialog: yourself. Whose body?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I think it might be my mother’s. I
dialog: think! I can’t tell! The skin is
text: black and she’s all distended, but
text: it’s an old woman and the head is
dialog: gone... Go see for yourself.
text: Steve STARES at her before walking into the hall and
text: approaching the attic hatch.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And then there’s more.
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: More than your mother’s headless
dialog: body. Of course.
text: Steve reaches for the attic hatch. He pulls it down and a
text: mass of FLIES escapes.
text: Steve pauses, now much more nervous about what he’s about to
text: find. He begins to climb the stairs.
text: Annie now RUNS downstairs...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 144
text: Annie rushes to the fireplace. She starts a FIRE.
text: Max's barking continues off-screen.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER 145
text: The hatch is still open. We hear from within the attic:
speaker_heading: STEVE (0.S.)
dialog: Jesus fuck!
text: Annie has run back upstairs.
text: Sounds of distress (from above) as Steve rushes to the stairs
text: and stumbles down into the hallway. He’s pale with shock.
speaker_heading: STEVE (CONT'D) ANNI
dialog: What the fuck! There’s more.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Why haven't you called the police?!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: The police can’t help us!
dialog: This makes Steve pause. Did Annie do this?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Who is that, Annie?
text: Annie squeezes her mother’s photo album.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Do you remember Joan, my friend?
dialog: Her grandson died and she took me
dialog: to her apartment?
text: Steve’s eyes are harrowed.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: It did look like your mother.
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 107.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Listen! She taught me how to do the
dialog: seance. I didn’t even want to know.
dialog: But she brought her grandson back,
dialog: and I saw it and I felt it - just
dialog: like you did with Charlie.
text: Steve eyes Annie with growing revulsion. She now opens the
text: photo album. She’s frighteningly energetic.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This was my mother’s album. Okay?
dialog: Now look: this woman, right here,
dialog: that’s her! That’s Joan!
text: Annie is pointing at a photo of Joan (20 years younger)
text: standing with Annie’s mother (20 years younger). Annie speaks
text: quickly to prevent Steve from interrupting.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: She never mentioned knowing my mother
dialog: and I never met her before, but she
dialog: approached me, she consoled me, and
dialog: she told me about the seance, she
dialog: showed me how, and now - look:
dialog: 
text: Steve can’t listen to this, but Annie desperately draws his
text: attention to the photo of Annie’s Mother being showered in
text: coins by Joan. Annie points at the NECKLACE.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s the necklace my mom gave me.
dialog: Right? It’s my mother’s necklace.
dialog: Right?
text: Now Annie points out another photo: her mother posing with
text: Joan - both wearing the same necklace.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: They're both wearing it. And
dialog: they're wearing it in every photo!
text: Steve, now completely pale, doesn’t react. He’s staring at
text: Annie like she’s a contagious disease.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And look at the pattern! Did you
dialog: see up there? This was painted
dialog: above the body. Right?! In blood?!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (dawning on him)
dialog: ..-You dug up the grave.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 108.
speaker_heading: STEVE ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It was you, wasn’t it? When
dialog: you were going out, “to the
dialog: movies"? You're not even listening!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: And when the cemetery called...
dialog: (outraged at the
dialog: thought)
dialog: I didn’t tell you because I didn’t
dialog: want to worry you.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Goddamn it! LISTEN to me, Steve! I
dialog: know you don’t trust me - there’s
dialog: nothing I can do_about that - but
dialog: they put a curse on us, and when we
dialog: brought back Charlie -
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: We didn't bring back Charlie!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: - we made a PACT with something! I
dialog: don’t know what it is, but it’s in
dialog: the house and it wants Peter!
text: Annie pulls out Charlie’s DRAWING PAD. She opens it and flips
text: through the sketches of Peter with his eyes X’d out.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I watched these pages fill. They’re
dialog: all of Peter.
text: She looks up at Steve.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry, Steve: I don’t know what
dialog: I did, but Peter’s in danger and
dialog: I’m the one who started this.
text: Annie takes Steve’s arm. He recoils at his wife’s touch. She
text: leads him toward the STAIRS.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: If we destroy this book, it’1l take
dialog: me too. I tried to burn it - I
dialog: tried - but my arm caught fire. On
dialog: its own. As if I was linked to it,
dialog: because I am linked! I know that
dialog: now. But if we don’t destroy
dialog: this...Peter will...
text: She's too overwhelmed to finish her thought. Steve’s eyes
text: register no compassion. He skeptically follows her down the
text: stairs toward the LIVING ROOM.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It needs to be me, Steve. It’s my
dialog: fault! I need you to throw it in
dialog: the fire.
text: Steve just stares at her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t do it! I can’t throw it in!
dialog: I’m too scared. But if you don’t,
dialog: it’ll be Peter. I know it will.
text: (breaks down crying at
dialog: the thought)
dialog: It‘’ll be our son!
text: Annie puts the drawing pad in Steve’s hand. She closes his
text: fingers around it. She tries to calm herself down.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please baby. I can’t do it. I need
dialog: you to throw it in the fire.
text: Annie takes a canister of LIGHTER FLUID and proceeds to DOUSE
text: the drawing pad. She then looks at Steve with great love and
dialog: sadness.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Even if you can’t believe me:
dialog: You're the love of my life.
text: Annie KISSES him passionately. It has the desperation of a
text: farewell kiss. Steve’s lips are stone.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you, Steve. I love you so
dialog: much. And I love Peter so much!
text: Annie is crying hysterically. Max’s barking continues.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please! Throw it in!
text: Steve walks in a horrified daze toward the FIREPLACE. But
text: then -- he STOPS SHORT. He turns to Annie.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I’m not doing this anymore with
dialog: you, Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: What? No.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: This isn’t helping you. You're very
dialog: sick and I need to call the police.
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: Green Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 110.
text: That does it. Annie storms toward Steve, SEIZES the drawing
text: pad, runs to the fireplace, and HURLS the book into the fire.
text: It is immediately CONSUMED by the flames, and then, like
dialog: clockwork--
text: STEVE IGNITES INTO A RAGING BALL OF FLAMES. He cries out as
text: he is instantaneously swallowed up by the screaming fire.
text: Annie can’t even scream. She’s frozen in horror. Her eyes are
text: LOCKED on the sight of her husband’s burning. And what's
text: more, the ominous STREAK OF LIGHT has returned - now bouncing
text: wildly around the room. Max’s off-screen BARKING has reached
text: an insane pitch.
text: We see Steve’s searing reflection in Annie’s fixed pupil. The
text: fire is impossibly violent. Now, at the scene’s shrieking
text: apex, the streak of light settles on Annie - entering her!
text: SLAM TO BLACK
dialog: Silence.
text: A distant drumming fades in...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 146
text: The WOODED AREA behind the Graham house. It’s snowing.
text: A drum circle seems to be in progress somewhere unseen.
text: Repetitive, minimal PERCUSSION (like subdued war drums)
text: thumps faintly and steadily in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 147
text: Silence. Max’s barking has STOPPED.
text: Peter’s eyes blink OPEN from his deep sleep. He bolts up with
text: a start. He’s in his room, under the covers.
text: He squints with pain. He reaches to touch his nose, but
text: discovers the heavy plaster bandage.
text: Outside Peter’s window: the TREEHOUSE. A dim, golden light -
text: like candlelight - flickers from within.
text: Peter stares at it. The drums are barely heard in the b.g.
dialog: They will continue.
text: The drums are momentarily drowned out by the sound of a CAR
text: DRIVING BY outside. Its HEADLIGHTS gently illuminate Peter's
text: room, scanning the walls (in pale blue) as the car drifts by.
text: For the briefest moment, in this fleeting light, we see...
text: ANNIE, still wearing her nightgown, in the top corner of the
text: room. She seems to be FLOATING WEIGHTLESSLY. She’s so
text: elevated, in fact, that her head is turned to the side and
text: her cheek pressed against the ceiling.
dialog: 148
dialog: 111.
text: There’s something still and composed about her; something
text: resolutely NOT Annie. Her eyes are WIDE and her face
text: expressionless. She’s behind Peter, STARING at his back. He
text: doesn’t notice.
text: The car has now passed, and the room is obscured again in
text: darkness. Annie is no longer clearly visible.
text: Peter senses something behind him. He pauses, listens. Then
text: he begins to TURN.
text: Annie, back pressed against the wall, scrambles (in a silent
text: panic) across the wall and OUT the door. She seems to be CRAB-
text: WALKING across the wall’s surface.
text: Peter looks back just as Annie has left. He didn’t see her.
text: Peter climbs out of bed. He goes to leave the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 148
text: As Peter enters the hallway, a SHARP CLANGING SOUND is heard
text: downstairs. Peter freezes. A sustained REVERB fills the
text: house. It sounded like it came from a piano.
text: Peter remains motionless, listening.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Dad?
text: Flies are everywhere.
text: Peter walks over to his parents’ BEDROOM.
text: He peers in. It’s empty.
text: He turns back to the hall.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom? Dad?
text: Peter looks up at the ATTIC HATCH, now closed. The SOUND OF
text: FLIES is especially aggressive up there.
text: He then notices that ANNIE’S MOM’S BEDROOM DOOR IS OPEN. He
text: looks inside. EMPTY. He closes the door.
text: Peter continues warily down the hall. He approaches the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
text: Peter leans to peer down the stairs. He sees nothing. He
text: slowly proceeds downward.
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - CONTINUOUS 149
text: Peter arrives at the bottom of the stairs. The foyer is
text: empty.
text: Peter notices the PIANO. It seems to have been tampered with.
text: The lid is open and a couple of the wires have been SNAPPED.
text: Peter carefully walks through the foyer, eyes scanning
text: around. Paranoia building.
text: He approaches the LIVING ROOM, which is faintly illuminated
text: by an off-screen flame.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 150
text: Peter stops at the doorway. His eyes travel across the walls
dialog: to finally come to...
text: The FIREPLACE. The last of a dim fire (mostly embers)
text: crackles in the pit. And lying before the fireplace is...
text: A CHARRED, BLACK CORPSE. It lies twisted on the rug.
text: Peter stands frozen, trying to discern what it is. He takes a
text: reluctant step forward and slowly approaches the dark figure.
text: Peter finally comes close enough to SEE...
text: The body’s HEAD has been violently AMPUTATED. The PINK/RED of
text: the exposed neck contrasts garishly with the crisped whole.
text: The body is on its back, arched and contorted.
text: Peter looks at the HANDS. The fingers are curled into
text: desperate claws. One finger bears STEVE’S WEDDING RING.
text: Peter opens his mouth to scream, but all that comes out isa
text: muted gust of air. Tears well in his eyes. He can’t even
text: summon the strength to look away. And above him...
text: ANNIE is huddled up into a corner of the ceiling. Her face is
text: twisted with grief and fear, and she is shaking her head -
text: “no, no, no, no, no” — as if pleading with the back of
text: Peter’s head, like a frightened animal. She holds PIANO WIRE,
text: pulling it taut with both hands. Wringing blood.
text: Peter FREEZES, sensing something behind him. He slowly turns,
dialog: but not toward Annie...
text: Peter looks to the other corner of the room. The CLOSET DOOR
text: is cracked open. Peter SQUINTS at it. Standing in the dark
text: closet, barely visible, is a MAN IN A RED CLOAK - staring at
dialog: him.
text: Peter is paralyzed.
text: He then SENSES something in the corner of the ceiling - where
text: Annie was. His eyes scan tensely to the corner, but Annie is
dialog: now GONE.
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 113.
text: Pregnant silence.
text: Suddenly, from behind Peter, Annie BURSTS SCREAMING out of
text: the darkness, dashing towards him.
text: Peter RUNS squealing out of the room. He sprints for the
speaker_heading: STAIRS.
text: Peter bounds up the staircase, but at the top step, he trips
text: over his own foot. He crashes to his knees, scrambling to get
text: back up. Behind him, we hear Annie pursuing.
text: Peter races madly through the HALLWAY. The attic hatch is now
text: inexplicably OPEN. He dashes for the ATTIC STAIRS.
text: He runs up the stairs and immediately RETRACTS them - just as
text: Annie reaches him. Peter manages to pull the attic hatch
text: SHUT, almost catching Annie’s bloody fingers.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - CONTINUOUS 151
text: Peter LOCKS the floor’s hatch. There is a mad POUNDING from
dialog: beneath.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 152
text: Annie is UPSIDE DOWN and straddling the ceiling (as though
text: gravity were no longer a thing). She pulls at the attic knob,
text: SLAMMING her head into the hatch.
text: She bangs her head crazily against the ceiling, over and
text: over. With every strike, she POUNDS her forehead harder and
text: more wildly against the hatch - like a mad bull, trying to
text: break through by sheer force.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - CONTINUOUS 153
text: Peter stands in the dark, screaming and crying as the
text: pounding persists. It keeps growing harder, faster, more
dialog: insane - until it STOPS.
text: Peter listens... Nothing. Just the shrill cacophony of
text: buzzing flies. Beside him, at his feet, is a dwindling BLACK
speaker_heading: CANDLE.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Mommy ?
text: Peter looks up. BLACK CANDLES HAVE BEEN SET UP ALL AROUND THE
text: ATTIC. Their flames dimly illuminate the clutter.
text: Peter now looks to the CORNER that earlier enshrined the
text: headless corpse. The corpse is now gone, but something tiny
text: has replaced it. The distance and weak light preclude Peter
dialog: from identifying it.
dialog: 114.
text: Peter begins to approach the corner, tears streaming. He sees
text: the bloody sigil on the vaulted ceiling above. As he walks,
text: the buzzing gets LOUDER, more concentrated.
text: Peter continues warily toward the corner, his fear rising.
text: The buzzing has gotten even louder. Finally Peter gets close
dialog: enough to SEE...
text: In the center of the chalk-etched triangle is a PHOTOGRAPH OF
text: PETER WITH HIS EYES X’d OUT.
text: Stunned and confused, Peter REELS back, knocking over a
text: candle. The corner goes dark. Peter is weeping uncontrollably
text: now. He starts backing away, toward the room’s center. His
text: eyes remain glued to his photograph.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT’D)
dialog: (to himself, crying)
dialog: Please. This isn’t happening. You
dialog: need to wake up.
text: Peter’s teeth are chattering. He’s hyperventilating. His
text: trembling silhouette is framed by the WINDOW behind him.
text: Outside the window: dreamy snowfall.
text: Peter continues backing up, but something makes him FREEZE. A
text: prolonged GROAN, accompanied by the sound of WIRE being
text: wrapped and tightened around FLESH. It’s coming from a source
text: about twenty feet away, BEHIND him. This is followed by a
text: swifter, HARSHER SOUND - like a saw being dragged through
text: flesh. A pregnant PAUSE and then the sound REPEATS. A briefer
text: pause and it REPEATS again.
text: Peter slowly turns around. His eyes travel up to SEE...
text: ANNIE has somehow gotten in. She floats weightlessly in the
text: air. (She is faintly illuminated by a candle below her.) She
text: has looped the PIANO WIRE around her own NECK, which is
text: already straining blood. She TUGS on one end of the wire. It
text: SAWS through her neck. She TUGS on the other end of the wire.
text: It saws even deeper.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mommy !
text: Annie keeps sawing, FASTER and HARDER and with more ruthless
text: persistence. The sawing sound is horrible. Peter, screaming,
text: TURNS away, only to see:
text: A MIDDLE-AGED BLONDE MAN, dressed in a red cloak, near Peter.
text: He’s SMILING giddily. (We will recognize him as the man who
text: was smiling at Charlie at Annie’s mother’s funeral.) Behind
text: him, two SMILING OLDER WOMEN. They are crouched together,
text: illuminated by a nearby candle-flame.
text: PETER SCREAMS, TURNS, AND RUNS STRAIGHT FOR THE WINDOW. HE
text: JUMPS THROUGH THE GLASS.
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAHAM HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 154
text: Peter has landed face-first into the SNOW. Small shards of
text: glass are embedded all over his body, but nothing too
dialog: serious.
text: Peter lies motionless for a long time.
text: We cut WIDE to a BIRD’S EYE VIEW looking down on Peter. He
text: lies face-down in the blue-white snow, inanimate. The wind
text: blows softly.
text: We HOLD on this peaceful, static wide. After a moment, a
text: SHADOW floats gracefully across the snow. It belongs to
text: Annie, who must be above us - but the shadow seems headless.
text: The shadow drifts out of frame, followed by the vague,
text: familiar STREAK OF LIGHT. The light, however, STOPS at Peter.
text: It dances on his back... steadies... disappears into him.
text: After a moment, Peter’s head RISES languidly from the snow.
text: His face is marked by a few minor GASHES (from the glass). He
text: looks up, EYES STRANGELY CALM. They even look a bit clouded.
text: He looks ahead to the TREEHOUSE...
text: PETER’S POV: Annie’s floating body has arrived at the
text: treehouse, which is still glowing by candlelight. She ascends
text: into it. For a split-second, before she disappears into the
text: treehouse, we see that ANNIE HAS NO HEAD.
text: Peter rises to his feet, hollow-eyed. His gaze trained on the
text: treehouse. He seems to be in some sort of TRANCE - much like
text: the trance that Charlie entered earlier. After a moment of
text: standing, staring at the treehouse...Peter CLICKS HIS TONGUE.
text: With that, he begins walking slowly toward the treehouse.
text: He passes MAX'S DEAD CARCASS, sprawled across a snow-buried
dialog: garden.
text: As Peter nears the treehouse, he looks up to its OPEN
text: WINDOW...
text: Through the window, from Peter’s low-angle POV: a birdcage
text: hangs from the treehouse ceiling. It houses a manic
scene_heading: WHIPPOORWILL.
text: We cut to a WIDE of the treehouse as Peter arrives at the
text: tree’s base.
text: Peter pauses. Looks up. After a beat, he begins to leadenly
dialog: climb up.
scene_heading: INT. TREEHOUSE - CONTINUOUS 155
text: Peter, having scaled the tree, pokes his head through the
text: floor-hatch and climbs in.
dialog: 116.
text: The walls are lined with black candles, and before Peter are
text: several MEN AND WOMAN (some elderly, some middle-aged) BOWING
text: on their knees, foreheads against the floor. They are all
text: dressed in RED CLOAKS.
text: Standing behind Peter (on the opposite side of the treehouse)
text: is the terrible object of their reverence. He turns to see...
text: A GIANT, 6’ WOOD-FIGURE MANIKIN. Placed atop its shoulders
text: (in lieu of a head) is CHARLIE’S DECAPITATED HEAD - now inan
text: advanced state of decomposition. The nose is still smashed
text: in, much of the face is black with rot, and it wears asilver
text: CROWN. One hand grips a wooden SCEPTER. The manikin’s other
text: hand is raised to extend its first two fingers and thumb; the
text: third and fourth fingers are bent (like a Christ figure).
text: Bowing at the foot of the manikin is ANNIE’S HEADLESS TORSO -
text: blood pooling at the neck. Beside her corpse, also
text: prostrated, is ANNIE’S MOTHER’S HEADLESS CORPSE (still
text: dressed in white silk, but in a worse state of decay).
text: Peter's eyes are WIDE, but still blank. They are FIXED on
text: Charlie’s head. He looks more confused than horrified.
text: Peter turns around to face the groveling red-cloaked
text: worshippers. They now seem to be bowing in his direction.
text: Among the worshippers is JOAN - her forehead pressed to the
dialog: floor.
text: Peter, unnerved, looks away. He notices...
text: A photo portrait of ANNIE’S MOTHER on the wall. She sits
text: upright and her expression is severe. The frame bears an
dialog: engraving: “Queen Leigh”
text: We come to a CLOSE-UP of Peter. He looks confused and scared
dialog: (although not in a way that feels like Peter). We will HOLD
text: on this CU for the remainder of the scene.
text: The sound of someone RISING. This person (Joan) shuffles past
text: Peter to lift the crown off of Charlie’s head. She then comes
text: to stand (now off-screen) before Peter. After a moment, the
text: CROWN enters frame to be placed ceremoniously onto Peter's
dialog: head.
text: Peter has TENSED up, desperately avoiding eye contact with
text: Joan. He SENSES something behind him. He looks back (and we
dialog: pan-tilt) to see...
text: The headless corpses of Peter’s family are now inexplicably
text: bowing in his direction.
text: Peter turns forward again - overwhelmed. He looks trapped.
text: Trembling. His milky eyes are welling with tears.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: JOAN (0.S.)
text: (quietly, trying to
dialog: soothe)
dialog: Hey hey - no no - you're all
dialog: right...
text: But he is starting to PANIC. His eyes fix fearfully to the
text: floor as his breathing grows erratic. Then:
speaker_heading: JOAN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey: hey: Charlie.
text: Peter's breathing HALTS. He looks up to Joan, still
text: trembling. Eyes wide.
speaker_heading: JOAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You're all right now.
text: A long silence as Peter searches Joan's face for
text: understanding. Peter finally SPEAKS...but he sounds more like
text: CHARLIE than Peter.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Who am I?
text: A loaded pause from Joan. Then:
speaker_heading: JOAN (0.S.)
dialog: You are Paimon. One of the eight
dialog: Kings of Hell.
text: Beat. Peter doesn’t react. He just stares at her,
text: uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: JOAN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: We have looked to the northwest and
dialog: called you in. We’ve corrected your
dialog: first body and give you now this
dialog: healthy male host. We reject the
dialog: Trinity and pray devoutly to you,
dialog: great Paimon: give us your
dialog: knowledge of all secret things and
dialog: all mysteries of the Earth; bring
dialog: us honor, wealth and good
dialog: familiars; and bind all men to our
dialog: Will, as we have bound ourselves
dialog: for now and ever to Yours.
text: We hear Joan return to her bowing position:
speaker_heading: JOAN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hail Paimon.
text: Peter’s eyes are buzzing.
text: Then, from behind Joan:
dialog: 156
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: WORSHIPPERS (0.S.)
dialog: Hail Paimon!
dialog: Then, louder:
speaker_heading: JOAN/WORSHIPPERS (0.S.)
dialog: Hail Paimon!!
scene_heading: EXT. TREEHOUSE - CONTINUOUS 156
text: WIDE of the treehouse.
speaker_heading: WORSHIPPERS (0.S.)
dialog: Hail!!
text: CUT HARD TO BLACK.
text: HOLD ON THE BLACK.
text: From this, we VERY SLOWLY FADE IN ON:
text: A NEUTRAL WIDE OF THE GRAHAM HOUSE. NIGHT. Surrounded by
text: dreamy snowfall. A strong artifice distinguishes the image.
text: As if the actual house has somehow been replaced by its
text: MINIATURE REPLICA. Even the drifting snowflakes look false.
text: Hold on this as the CREDITS roll.
dialog: 
