dialog: 
dialog: "Hero," by David Webb Peoples
speaker_heading: FOURTH DRAFT
speaker_heading: AUGUST 30, 1991
speaker_heading: 9/10/91 BLUE
speaker_heading: 10/1/91 PINK
speaker_heading: 10/14/91 YELLOW
speaker_heading: 10/25/91 GREEN
scene_heading: 10/31/91 GOLDENROD
speaker_heading: *11/7/91 BUFF
speaker_heading: H E R O
dialog: a screenplay by
dialog: David Webb Peoples
dialog: from a story by
dialog: Laura Ziskin & Alvin Sargent and David Peoples
dialog: Please note the following changes:
scene_heading: A.) INSPECTOR JENSEN
dialog: (previously changed to
scene_heading: INSPECTOR BENSON on revised BLUE page 94)
dialog: has been changed to
scene_heading: INSPECTOR DAYTON
dialog: B.) THE PERIGORD restaurant
dialog: has been changed to
speaker_heading: THE BARCELONA restaurant
scene_heading: C.) TERRY WELLS
dialog: has been changed to
speaker_heading: TOM WELLER
speaker_heading: D.) CHANNEL 11
dialog: has been changed to
speaker_heading: CHANNEL 13
speaker_heading: E.) CHANNEL 7
dialog: has been changed to
speaker_heading: CHANNEL 8
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: JUDGE GOINES turns to the Jury FOREMAN.
speaker_heading: JUDGE GOINES
dialog: Mister Foreman, have you arrived
dialog: at a verdict?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: We have, your honor. We find the
dialog: defendant guilty of all the charges.
text: TITLES BEGIN OVER THE SCENE
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE DEFENDANT, BERNIE LAPLANTE
text: Forty, rumpled, cheap suit, cheap haircut. He reacts, turning
text: to the jury, indignant.
text: His attorney, DONNA O'DAY, rises. She's twenty-four, looks
dialog: younger.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Your honor, may I approach the
dialog: bench?
text: As BERNIE fumes, the JUDGE, DONNA and the youthful clean-cut
text: PROSECUTOR engage in an earnest, inaudible discussion.
text: Frustrated, Bernie is watching them when he notices something
text: that distracts him from his anguish.
text: Donna's wallet is lying in her open attache case. The open top
text: of the case screens the wallet from the view of the JURY, THE
scene_heading: JUDGE, COURT REPORTERS, etc.
text: Bernie looks around, checking the spectators section.
dialog: No spectators.
speaker_heading: TITLE CONTINUE
text: Bernie gets the wallet to his lap. In between cautious glances
text: toward the bench where the conference continues inaudibly, he
text: surreptitiously selects some of the twenties and some of the
text: tens from the wallet.
speaker_heading: AT THE BENCH
text: The conference breaks up, DONNA heads back toward the defense
dialog: table.
text: The wallet still concealed in his lap under the table, BERNIE
text: is indignant.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: What's going on? "Guilty"! What
dialog: is this?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I got your bail continued.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Bail, for Chrissake! I'm innocent!
text: The JUDGE gavels for order as BERNIE slips DONNA's "lightened"
text: wallet back into her attache case unseen.
speaker_heading: JUDGE GOINES
dialog: Mister LaPlante, I have been
dialog: persuaded in view of your continued
dialog: employment and your lack of prior
dialog: convictions, to continue your bail
dialog: under the same conditions
dialog: heretofore, pending sentencing six
dialog: days from now. In the meantime you
dialog: will make an appointment with the
dialog: probation officer who will make a
dialog: recommendation to me regarding your
dialog: sentence. I urge you to use these
dialog: six days to set your personal
dialog: affairs in order in anticipation
dialog: of incarceration.
scene_heading: THE TITLES CONCLUDE
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/HALL OF JUSTICE - MINUTES LATER (DAY)
text: BERNIE and DONNA are hurrying along the crowded corridor outside
dialog: the courtroom.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: "Anticipation of incarceration"?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (upset)
dialog: He means prison, Mr. LaPlante.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I know what he means. I'm not a
dialog: prison kinda guy, Miss O'Day. I'm
dialog: a goddamn working man for
dialog: Chrissake! Maybe I "augment" my
dialog: income a little with some
dialog: "business deals," maybe summa the
dialog: guys I sell to are crooks, how
dialog: would I know, I'm not an
dialog: investigator. You can't make it
dialog: on a wage no more, not in this
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I think our best course right now
dialog: would be to focus on the Probation
dialog: Officer's report...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: He gives a good report and I walk?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: We can hope.
dialog: (consulting her notes)
dialog: You still have your job, right?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Yeah, I been calling in sick. They
dialog: think I got the flu.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: And a son by your ex-wife? Joseph.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: A son, yeah. What about him? Joey.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Are you pretty involved in his
dialog: upbringing?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Involved! Christ! She attached my
dialog: goddamn paycheck! Child support.
dialog: Why do you think I can't afford a
dialog: lawyer?
dialog: (then...)
dialog: You know what I mean. Why I got
dialog: a court appointed lawyer instead
dialog: of a, uh, more experienced...
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I understand. How often do you see
dialog: your son?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Often, uh.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: How recently?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Uh, his birthday, uh, May. I
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: It's November.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (beat... beat...
dialog: beat...)
dialog: She don't like me to see him.
dialog: Says I'm a bad influence.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I think you should visit your son.
dialog: And try and get your boss to write
dialog: a note about your performance on
dialog: the job. You need to create the
dialog: impression of a responsible, decent
dialog: citizen with familial
dialog: responsibilities who happened to
dialog: slip up once.
text: They have reached the front door. BERNIE nods, about to exit.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: Uh, I know you're having financial
dialog: difficulties, Mister LaPlante, but
dialog: I wonder if... I mean, the money
dialog: I loaned you...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Some of it. Right here. I got some
dialog: of it. I'll get the rest as soon
dialog: as I can.
text: BERNIE pulls out the crumpled bills he took from Donna's wallet
text: and hands them to her.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (surprised and touched)
dialog: I know things are difficult for you,
dialog: Mister LaPlante. I don't want to
dialog: take your last dime...
text: BERNIE is already reaching for a twenty.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Right. I better keep some if I'm
dialog: gonna see the kid. For gas and
dialog: stuff.
text: Then, unable to resist the chance, he snatches another.
scene_heading: EXT. LION CAGES/ZOO - ANOTHER DAY
text: A LION lies glumly in his cage, staring balefully through the
text: bars at BERNIE who stares balefully back, contemplating the iron
text: bars. At BERNIE'S side is a ten year old boy, JOEY, whose neat,
text: scrubbed appearance is in sharp contrast to BERNIE'S rumpled,
text: slightly soiled look.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Wow! Look at that one!
text: JOEY is indicating the next cage where a BLACK PANTHER is pacing
text: restlessly to and fro.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: If you were in there, he'd kill you,
dialog: wouldn't he...Dad?
text: As Bernie looks at the PANTHER, the muscular beast looks right
text: into BERNIE'S eyes with the furious yellow stare as if to say
dialog: "I'm waiting."
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Yeah, yeah, something like that.
scene_heading: INT. FLUKY'S RESTAURANT - AN HOUR LATER (DAY)
text: BERNIE and JOEY facing each other in a booth, eating burgers.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: This guy, this "friend" your
dialog: mother's seeing, he's a fireman,
dialog: huh? He ever... spend the night,
dialog: whatsisname?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Sometimes. His name's Elliot. He
dialog: saved a guy's life one time. In
text: a fire.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Oh yeah? A hero, huh?
dialog: (a beat, then...)
dialog: Was he in the 'Nam, this guy Elliot?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: "The Nomm"? What's that?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: It was this war. Viet Nam. Doesn't
dialog: matter.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Were you in it? In the war?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You never saw that picture, huh?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: What picture?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Me in my uniform. Used to be on
dialog: the bookcase.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM/FLUKY'S - TEN MINUTES LATER (DAY)
text: Deserted except for BERNIE and JOEY side by side at the urinals.
text: BERNIE glances at JOEY.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Whatcha gotta do there, buddy, is
dialog: ya gotta get in close so ya don't
dialog: piss on yer shoes.
dialog: It don't matter now cause you're
dialog: wearin' them sneakers but the time's
dialog: gonna come when you're gonna be
dialog: wearin' good shoes, expensive ones,
dialog: and you don't wanna piss on them,
dialog: you wanna protect 'em. From piss,
dialog: from tough guys, from everything.
scene_heading: -- ALTERNATE VERSION --
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: What I don't like about public
dialog: restrooms is how you're always
dialog: standing in piss. It don't matter
dialog: to you, you got those sneakers but
dialog: I'm standing in piss in very
dialog: expensive shoes. It's a breakdown
dialog: in custodial services.
text: JOEY steals a glance at BERNIE, sees him "shake it off" and zip
text: up. JOEY does likewise.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Are you gonna take me somewhere next
dialog: weekend?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I'm working on that. It's just I
dialog: got some business problems and...
dialog: whatsa matter?
text: JOEY is heading for one of the stalls. He reaches underneath
text: and pulls out a wallet.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Somebody lost a wallet.
text: BERNIE is extremely interested, takes the wallet JOEY holds out
text: and glances inside.
text: Cash. A couple of fifties.
scene_heading: INT. FLUKY'S - SECONDS LATER (DAY)
text: BERNIE and JOEY exit the Men's Room and head for the door to
text: the parking lot, BERNIE explaining...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You give it to the manager, he
text: pockets the dough, throws the wallet
dialog: away. Most people who work in
dialog: supervisory positions... I'm not
dialog: saying all... are crooks.
text: JOEY casts a hasty glance at TEENAGER who's wearing the
text: Manager Badge. The youth could not look more innocent if he
dialog: wore a halo.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: A BAG LADY pushing two shopping carts through the parking lot
text: spots BERNIE and JOEY crossing her path...
speaker_heading: BAG LAOY
dialog: Excuse me, sir, could you spare...?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: No way, lady, not a chance.
text: BERNIE hurries past her, notices JOEY looking back at the
dialog: miserable woman.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You gotta resist the urge to be nice
dialog: to those people, they're con
dialog: artists, they take advantage of the
dialog: soft heart. A lot of 'em are
dialog: financially better off than the
dialog: rest of us.
text: Arriving at an ancient, battered Toyota, BERNIE searches for
text: his keys and then fusses with the lock.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: What I'm gonna do on this wallet
dialog: thing is, Monday, day after
dialog: tomorrow, I'm gonna have my
dialog: secretary phone this guy up from
text: the name on his driver's license
dialog: Let the guy come and get his wallet
dialog: and make sure you get a reward.
dialog: You deserve a reward. You want
dialog: one, doncha? A reward? Gwan, get
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. TOYOTA/MOVING/FREEWAY - TWENTY MINUTES LATER (DAY)
text: BERNIE is at the wheel, the car is gasping, struggling.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Whatcha gotta do, you gotta look
dialog: out for number one. It sounds
dialog: harsh, but it's a goddamn (excuse
dialog: the vulgarity) jungle out there,
dialog: kid. That's why you gotta keep a
dialog: low profile! Right? A low
dialog: profile!
dialog: It's where you don't give nobody
dialog: nothin' to shoot at, stay outta
dialog: sight, be parta the woodwork, don't
dialog: ever tell 'em your name, they'll
dialog: use it against you.
text: JOEY is looking for the right exit sign. He spots it.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Here. Get off here.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (a look at Joey)
dialog: Thanks. Thanks, pal.
text: JOEY looks pleased.
scene_heading: EXT. EVELYN'S HOUSE/INT. TOYOTA - LATER - DAY
text: BERNIE is turning onto a suburban street, checking the houses.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Listen, buddy, I'm really enjoying
dialog: this relationship we got going here.
dialog: I been missing out on not knowing
dialog: you better. Thing is, I got all
dialog: this business stuff...
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: I could go to a movie Thursday
dialog: night. 'Cause we don't have
dialog: school on Friday.
text: BERNIE pulls the car up in front of a single story two bedroom
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Here we are. Yeah, that's a
dialog: possibility. A movie. Now you gwan
dialog: in, tell your mother I got you back
dialog: on time. Point that out to her.
dialog: She was always on my case for stuff
dialog: like that. She's still like that,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (a little grin, his
dialog: first)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (getting out)
dialog: I'll see ya... dad.
text: JOEY gets out and runs toward the house. BERNIE watches him
text: go. Then he pulls out the wallet, thumbs the cash, glances at
dialog: the credit cards.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: The bored, fiftyish bartender, CHICK, is watching the TV mounted
text: over the bar in this unfashionable, nearly-deserted joint. He
text: looks up when the door opens.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Bernie! Where ya been, Pal?
text: Arriving at the bar, BERNIE surveys the dimly lit room, checking
text: the booths and tables for customers. Not many.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Some guys been looking for me,
dialog: Chick? Spanish kinda guys.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Spanish kinda guys!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Business thing. Gimme a seven and
dialog: seven, willya?
text: BERNIE checks his watch, takes a seat, puts a twenty on the bar.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: What is it, five days now I don't
dialog: see you!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: 'Cause I'm up to my ass in shit is
dialog: why. I'm broke, plus I got legal
dialog: problems... Nobody was asking for
dialog: me, huh?
text: BERNIE looks around nervously, peering into the shadowy booths
text: and rear tables as CHICK puts a drink in front of him.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Nope. Legal problems, you gotta
dialog: have a good attorney.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: My attorney, she's just outta law
dialog: school, about a couple of years
dialog: older than my kid, for Chrissake.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: You gotta kid? How old's your kid?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Nine. I think. Maybe ten. Yeah,
dialog: ten. Nice kid.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: You got a ten year old attorney,
dialog: Bernie?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I can't afford no better. My ex,
dialog: she attached my pay check for child
dialog: support payments.
dialog: (turning)
dialog: You looking for Bernie LaPlante by
dialog: any chance?
text: A MAN who's just entered the lounge shakes his head no and heads
text: for a table where he's greeted by the COCKTAIL WAITRESS.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: I didn't even know you had a kid.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (thoughtful)
dialog: The thing about kids is, they're
dialog: so... young! They don't know
dialog: nothin' yet. When you're a kid,
dialog: you think you're gonna grow up an'
dialog: be a "wonderful person" instead of
dialog: an asshole, like everybody else.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: We're all assholes, Bernie?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: When I was a kid, I thought I was
dialog: gonna be this fantastic wonderful
text: heroic human being.
speaker_heading: ESPINOSA'S VOICE (O.S)
dialog: You Bernie Planta?
text: BERNIE turns.
text: Two Latinos are right behind him, low lifes, ESPINOSA and
speaker_heading: VARGAS.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: LaPlante. Bernie LaPlante. You the
dialog: guys Bunny called, huh?
scene_heading: INT. BACK BOOTH/SHADOW LOUNGE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Credit cards are being inspected. ESPINOSA, seated between
text: VARGAS and BERNIE, in a booth in the nearly deserted lounge,
text: looks the cards over dubiously.
speaker_heading: ESPINOSA
dialog: Three hours is old, man. Very old.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey, he might not of reported 'em
dialog: at all yet. He might not know for
dialog: a couple hours.
speaker_heading: VARGAS
dialog: You pick his pocket?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Yeah, more or less. Trust me, these
dialog: are very very fresh.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: JEFFREY BROADMAN is standing against the granite facade of a
text: downtown office building. Three thousand dollar suit, Hermes
text: tie, expensively cut silver grey hair ruffling slightly in the
text: breeze. Charming smile, candid eyes...
speaker_heading: BROADMAN
dialog: To be honest, I can't make sense
dialog: of it either, Ms. Gayley.
text: Things seem to be on the upswing,
dialog: our differences with the SEC have
dialog: been favorably resolved. In a
dialog: business sense, I believe we've
dialog: "turned the corner..."
text: GALE GAYLEY, a TV reporter, is standing close to BROADMAN, a
text: microphone in her hand. She's thirty, attractive, dignified...
text: We can hear SIRENS in the distance and, closer, the CRACKLE
text: of radios and walkie talkies.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Mister Broadman, your wife and
text: children are on their way here as
dialog: we speak. Don't you think -- ?
speaker_heading: BROADMAN
dialog: I feel I've done very well in
dialog: life: good health, wonderful
dialog: family, much wealth. I guess what
dialog: we're talking about here is a kind
dialog: of despair. I just have the
dialog: feeling that everything from here
dialog: on is going to be... downhill...
dialog: At a time like this, I think I'm
dialog: entitled, as the saying goes, to
dialog: "look out for number one" and put
dialog: my own needs first. That pretty
dialog: much concludes what I have to say.
dialog: Thanks for coming out here to let
dialog: me talk to you and your viewers.
text: A nice smile as he drops RIGHT OUT THE BOTTOM OF THE FRAME!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: Looking down, horrified.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Oh my god! Chucky, tilt down.
text: Her cameraman, CHUCKY, twenty-five, is already urgently tilting
text: his vidpak as WE REVEAL that he and GALE are standing on a ledge
text: many stories above the street.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Did you get it?
dialog: (then, doubly
dialog: horrified)
dialog: Jesus, did I say that?
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: Yeah, I got it. Sports training.
dialog: You learn to follow the ball.
dialog: (looking up at Gale)
dialog: How about you do a wrap-up from
dialog: up here? I'll pan off that
dialog: skyscraper over there, find you
text: here, then reveal the drop.
text: GALE looks shaken.
scene_heading: TV IMAGE (EXT. OFFICE BUILDING LEDGE - DAY)
text: Later, the CAMERA "finds" GALE in mid-sentence standing on the
text: ledge, "wearing" her broadcast voice and persona...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Suicide number 137 of this year
dialog: in this city was neither a
dialog: destitute nor a lonely man, but
dialog: a successful executive with a
dialog: loving family and forty million
dialog: dollars in the bank. If there's
dialog: nameless "despair" in executive
dialog: offices, what can there be sixty
dialog: stories below where the hungry and
text: the homeless, the brutalized and
dialog: the addicted, fight their daily
dialog: battle for survival.
dialog: (beat)
text: From a ledge sixty stories above
dialog: the street, I'm Gale Gayley for
dialog: Channel Four News.
text: REVEAL: THE TV MONITOR IS IN AN OFFICE
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE/CHANNEL 4 - LATE AFTERNOON
text: DEAKINS, fifty, shirtsleeves, News Director, and WALLACE, sixty,
text: Station Manager, suit and tie, patrician, are watching the
text: monitor while CHUCKY and PARKER, the boyish gofer, hover behind
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: Whadja think of the fall shot,
dialog: Chief? The guy drops twenty
dialog: stories in perfect focus, center
dialog: frame while I go smoothly from F16
dialog: to F5.6.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
text: Helluva shot, Chucky, beautiful.
dialog: (pulling out the video
dialog: tape)
dialog: Parker, run this down to Frazier,
dialog: tell him we open with it at six,
dialog: eleven and at seven a.m....
text: PARKER is already running out the door as Gale enters.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Hi, Chief. You like the suicide?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Never reach out!
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Hello, Mister Wallace.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: (to Gale)
dialog: He's right. It's unprofessional.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: (to Gale)
dialog: If you reach out, you could get
dialog: pulled over yourself.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: What're we talking about? Reach
dialog: out for what?
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: I told them how you were upset we
dialog: didn't save the guy...
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Saving people is not our job. It's
dialog: as wrong to step in and save someone
dialog: as it would be to push someone off.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: You wouldn't push the guy, would
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I didn't say I thought we should
dialog: have saved him..
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: You didn't?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I said I wished it had at least
dialog: occurred to me to consider saving
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: What good would that do?
text: GALE sits on Deakins' desk.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: It would make me feel like a human
dialog: being instead of a cynical,
dialog: hardbitten newswoman. Besides it
dialog: wouldn't be a bad story, would it,
dialog: "Newswoman Saves Suicide?"
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Unprofessional.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: You just can't bear the idea of
dialog: good news.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: You're sitting on your ticket.
text: GALE finds an envelope on the desk under her butt.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Ticket! What's going on?
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
text: She's flying to New York. She's
dialog: been nominated for a Silver Mike...
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: A Silver Mike! You're covering us
dialog: in glory!
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I haven't won it yet.
dialog: (studying ticket, to
dialog: Deakins)
dialog: I notice you've got me scheduled
text: on a flight back an hour after the
dialog: ceremony.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: An hour after...! Deak, for
dialog: Heaven's sake! Let's give her a
dialog: night in New York City. We'll put
text: her and her boyfriend up at a good
dialog: hotel...
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
text: She broke up with her boyfriend.
dialog: (to Gale)
dialog: Listen, babe, we needja back.
dialog: You gotta follow up on the jumper,
dialog: find the human interest in the
text: grim, unending tale of woe that
text: pours from the wounded heart of
dialog: the heartless metropolis.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: The story behind the story, the
dialog: ugly scandal behind the falling
dialog: millionaire, the dirt, you mean.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: That too.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (to Wallace)
dialog: Would the station put me up at a
dialog: good hotel...?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: (a look toward Deakins)
dialog: Absolutely!
text: GALE gives DEAKINS a big grin and starts out.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Okay, hell with it. Party hearty...
dialog: is that what they say? I'll figure
dialog: something out.
dialog: (once she's gone)
text: She's just pretending she's a
dialog: person. She's really a reporter.
dialog: Fifty bucks she's on the first
dialog: flight back.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: You know what I don't get? I don't
dialog: get why a guy who's gonna jump asks
dialog: to talk to a TV reporter?
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Cause how's he gonna know he's
dialog: jumped if it's not on the six
dialog: o'clock news.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/CITY CIVIC CENTER - AFTERNOON
text: HORNS BLARE as a FORD VAN cuts off a CAB and squirms into a
text: parking place marked "HANDICAPPED ONLY."
text: The side of the van reads GUMLEY'S SUPER CARPET CARE and
text: features a cartoon logo and a phone number.
text: BERNIE, wearing Gumley overalls, jumps out of the van and
text: hurries up the steps to an imposing municipal building.
scene_heading: INT. CIVIC BUILDING - TEN MINUTES LATER (AFTERNOON)
text: A door reads "PROBATION DEPARTMENT." MOVE IN ON THE DOOR.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE/PROBATION - DAY
text: Bernie is sitting across the desk from the stone-faced, balding
text: Probation Officer, PATRICK DUKE.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: Hey! Do I have a record? Have I
dialog: ever done time? I mean I been
dialog: arrested a few times, who hasn't?
dialog: Parking tickets for Chrissake!
dialog: Suspicion of stuff! Have I ever
dialog: been convicted of anything?
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Mister LaPlante...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Take a look at my employment
dialog: record, you got my employment
dialog: record there, right? You see any
dialog: unemployment there, any welfare?
dialog: I'm a taxpayer. They eat me
dialog: alive, the tax people, they got
dialog: taxes on everything, taxes, taxes,
dialog: taxes, and forms! Taxes and forms
dialog: so I can pay your goddamn salary,
dialog: so you can sit there and write
dialog: stuff, guys like me pay your
dialog: wages...
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Mister LaPlante...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Do I hit anybody? You see me shoot
dialog: anybody? Hey, drugs! Do I sell
dialog: drugs? Jesus, I don't belong in
dialog: prison. I'm a family man.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Mister LaPlante...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Look, I got this kid. We got a
dialog: goddamn relationship! I'm takin'
dialog: him to a movie tonight! He worships
dialog: me. If I go down what's this do
dialog: to my son? I'm his goddamn role
dialog: model for Christ sake!
text: DUKE looks up at the "family man's" plaintive look. Then...
text: Bernie ruins it.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Listen, if I coulda afforded an
dialog: experienced attorney, I woulda
dialog: walked. It was a shitty case,
dialog: very circumstantial. You gonna
dialog: send me downstate for having an
dialog: inexperienced lawyer? How you
dialog: gonna feel about the system if you
dialog: do that?
text: The brief flash of mercy is gone from DUKE'S eyes, replaced
text: with a hard glitter. BERNIE has just shot himself in the
dialog: foot.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM /N.Y. HOTEL - DAY
text: VIGOROUS APPLAUSE! GALE has just received the Silver Mike
text: Award, a tastefully small, mike-sized replica of a microphone,
text: from the MASTER OF CEREMONIES. Clutching it, she faces the
text: applauding AUDIENCE across a podium, speaking into a real
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Thank you, very much. I'm grateful
dialog: for this. Since you're all
dialog: colleagues here, you know what kind
dialog: of a team it takes... to put a story
dialog: on a screen. I don't have to
dialog: explain to you how much the
dialog: cameraman, the editor, the
dialog: assignment editor and the news
dialog: director, to mention a few did to
dialog: get me this award.
text: GALE pauses. She reaches into her purse and pulls out an onion.
text: She holds it up.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: This is an onion.
dialog: (dramatic pause,
dialog: then...)
text: It's a metaphor for a news story.
dialog: Only a few hours ago I was standing
text: on a ledge sixty stories above a
text: street interviewing a man who
text: subsequently jumped to his death.
dialog: Forty million dollars in the bank,
dialog: happily married, good health. Great
dialog: story!
text: The AUDIENCE is attentive, mesmerized as they watch her rip off
text: the outer skin of the onion and toss it dramatically aside.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: There's gotta be more. We're pros,
dialog: right? Some kinda extramarital
dialog: hanky panky, maybe? Another good
dialog: story!
text: (she peels another layer
dialog: of onion)
dialog: Maybe the guy's been accused of
dialog: child molesting. Terrific story!
text: (she peels more off the
dialog: onion)
dialog: Then it turns out the accusation
dialog: was false. Wonderful! More story.
text: The AUDIENCE watches, captivated as the onion gets smaller.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Maybe the alleged mistress was
text: lying, setting the guy up.
dialog: Sensational story!
dialog: (the onion is very
dialog: small)
dialog: We keep going, keep digging, keep
dialog: investigating. We expose the
dialog: guy's whole life, his family.
dialog: Why? Because we're pros!
dialog: Because...
dialog: (she pauses
dialog: dramatically)
dialog: we're looking for the truth!
text: GALE considers the tiny remains of the onion in her hand.
text: Then, she peels it down to nothing and lets it fall.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: But what if, after all our
dialog: digging, after all our painstaking
dialog: investigation, what if it turns out
dialog: there wasn't any truth? Just
dialog: stories! One story after another,
text: one layer, then another layer,
dialog: until there's nothing left. And
dialog: if it's like that, do we have any.
dialog: obligation to stop at any point?
dialog: Or do we just keep going, digging,
text: digging, digging, peeling,
text: peeling, peeling, until we've
dialog: peeled it all away, until we've
dialog: destroyed what we were
dialog: investigating in the first place?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON AUDIENCE
text: attentive, as GALE pauses dramatically, then...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I'll bet all of you, like me,
dialog: yearn for just one story that
dialog: isn't about uncovering layer after
dialog: layer of human weakness; a story
dialog: that reveals with each new layer
dialog: of investigation, something finer
dialog: and nobler, something even...
dialog: inspirational.
text: GALE gazes soberly across the podium at the AUDIENCE.
scene_heading: TELEVISION IMAGE (EXT. SKID ROW STREETS - DAY)
text: A BAG LADY addresses the camera, a news interview.
speaker_heading: BAG LADY/TV
dialog: First rule out here on the streets
dialog: is you gotta watch out for number
dialog: one. If you go down... break a
dialog: bone or something... you're gone!
dialog: Nobody's gonna pick you up.'
speaker_heading: WINSTON'S VOICE (O.S)
dialog: Shitty color! Looka the skin tones.
scene_heading: REVEAL: THE TV SET IS IN BERNIE'S APARTMENT
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/BERNIE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: WINSTON, fifty and fat, is scowling at the image on the TV
text: screen in BERNIE'S spartan and tasteless three room apartment.
text: BERNIE grabs the remote from WINSTON'S pudgy hands.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Chrissake! Homeless people are
dialog: supposed to have shitty skin tones.
dialog: Look!
text: BERNIE points the remote at the screen...
text: ON THE TV SCREEN
text: CLICK! A gunfight replaces the BAG LADY ON SCREEN, then a
text: sitcom, an old movie, MTV, and finally a slick commercial
text: featuring a sexy bikinied BLONDE.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S APT. - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: There you go! Skin tones! Listen,
dialog: you gotta fish or cut bait. I
dialog: wouldn't even do this if I didn't
dialog: have these legal problems. Two
dialog: fifty. That's it. I gotta get
dialog: outta here, I gotta take my kid to
dialog: the movies tonight, I'm late.
text: WINSTON stares at the lithe thighs ON THE SCREEN as BERNIE
text: starts rummaging urgently in his closet.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I'll go two hundred.
text: BERNIE has just found his good shoes, notices a carton of brand
dialog: new jackets.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Two hundred! How about a jacket?
dialog: Wanna buy me a jacket?
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN/BOEING 727 IN FLIGHT - NIGHT
text: The engines drone as we look into the sparsely populated main
text: cabin of the "baby Boeing". Among the many empty seats, a MR.
text: FLETCHER reads a magazine while his ten year son RICHIE plays
text: a pocket video game.
text: LESLIE SUGAR, one of the two Flight Attendants, is serving a
text: drink to Mr. Smith, a businessman while FREDDY, the other Flight
text: Attendant, is giving a pillow to an ELDERLY WOMAN.
text: We DISCOVER GALE, cradling a phone to her ear while she
text: awkwardly fishes in her purse and pulls out the Silver Mike
dialog: Award.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: It's very nice actually.
dialog: (reading the
dialog: inscription)
dialog: "For Excellence in the Pursuit of
dialog: Truth." Uh, listen, I just wanted
dialog: you to know I got a seat back on
dialog: the early flight after all so...
dialog: What?
text: Reacting to what she hears on the phone, GALE overturns the
text: purse in her lap and the contents -- wallet, comb, lipstick,
text: notepad, etc. -- spill on the floor.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: What do you mean you gave it to
dialog: Conklin? Conklin wasn't on that
dialog: ledge! Conklin wasn't...
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE/CHANNEL FOUR - NIGHT
text: DEAKINS is grinning into his phone, winking at WALLACE who's
text: standing beside his desk.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Gale, you were gonna do the town,
dialog: remember? Fancy suite at the
dialog: station's expense, see a show, get
dialog: laid maybe. What was I supposed
dialog: to do?
text: Still grinning, he breaks off and listens to Gale's faintly
text: audible response while holding out his palm to WALLACE in a
text: triumphant "pay me" gesture. Then he speaks into the phone...
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Okay, okay, you get back tonight,
dialog: doll, and I'll take Conklin off your
dialog: suicide. Fly carefully... and
dialog: congratulations on the award.
text: DEAKINS hangs up and smugly pockets the fifty WALLACE has fished
text: from his wallet, chuckling gleefully...
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: What'd I tell ya! They're all like
dialog: that, the good ones. They're
dialog: junkies for the story. They can't
dialog: let go.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN/BOEING 727 IN FLIGHT - NIGHT
text: The eight-year-old, KELLY, seated next to GALE is helping GALE
text: pick up the contents of her purse from the floor.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Thank you. Very much.
text: KELLY beams. And GALE gives a look to KELLY'S mother SUSAN
text: who's seated on the other side of KELLY.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: There's another credit card on the
dialog: floor.
text: GALE reaches down to pick up her Visa card from the floor.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Thanks.
text: GALE inserts the Visa Card in her wallet with the other cards.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: Rain comes down in curtains as BERNIE'S Toyota chugs and farts
text: through curtains of water.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING CAR/CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: BERNIE is at the wheel, trying to see through the rain swept
text: windshield. He's talking to himself as he drives...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I know why it's raining. I coulda
dialog: predicted this. It's raining
dialog: because my wipers are fucked up.
dialog: If my wipers were okay, the fucking
dialog: sun would be shining right now.
dialog: At night!
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT/727 - NIGHT
text: Engines DRONE monotonously. The Flight Engineer is looking at a
text: magazine while the PILOT and CO-PILOT, surrounded by glowing
text: instruments, stare into the blackness ahead... until something
text: catches the bored PILOT'S eye. A red light on the control
text: panel. He frowns and looks closer.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BERNIE'S CAR/FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: Looking for exit signs, BERNIE can barely see through the sheets
text: of rain that his malfunctioning wipers do little to clear.
text: Suddenly a sign looms into view and disappears before he can
dialog: read it.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Damn!
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN/727 IN FLIGHT - NIGHT
text: The engines drone. The cabin is peaceful, most PASSENGERS
text: dozing or talking softly as GALE glances up from her magazine,
text: sees SUSAN reading while KELLY sleeps peacefully, her head in
text: SUSAN'S lap.
text: PING! The electronic tone. Gale looks up, sees the "Fasten
text: Seat Belt" sign illuminated.
text: GALE looks toward the dark window. No sign of any lights below.
dialog: No city. No airport. strange.
text: The P.A. SYSTEM comes to life and the CAPTAIN'S mellifluous
text: VOICE murmurs soothingly...
speaker_heading: P.A. SYSTEM
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, this is your
dialog: Captain. We're experiencing a high
dialog: reading on one of our indicators.
dialog: Ten to one, it's a malfunction in
dialog: a gauge, but just as a precaution
dialog: I'm going to ask you to fasten your
text: seat belts while the Flight
text: Attendants run through some safety
dialog: procedures with you. I apologize
dialog: for the necessity and the
dialog: inconvenience.
text: Murmurs in the cabin. What does this mean? SUSAN looks a
text: question at GALE, puzzled as Flight Attendants LESLIE and FREDDY
dialog: take their positions to demonstrate safety procedures.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: First make sure your seat belts are
dialog: fastened securely. Then brace your
dialog: arms against the seat ahead at you
dialog: like this. You can use pillows
dialog: or blankets...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (waking up)
dialog: Mommy, what's going on?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Everything's going to be fine,
dialog: honey.
text: GALE'S eyes meet SUSAN'S eyes. Fear. Brave smile.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BERNIE'S CAR/EXIT/HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Pulling off the freeway, BERNIE peers at the signs that greet
text: him as he slows to a stop at the foot of the exit.
text: Unable to read them through the windshield he has to open the
text: door and stand in the rain.
text: Even then, the sign is obscured by torrents of rain.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN/727 IN FLIGHT - NIGHT
text: All eyes are on LESLIE as she continues her instructions...
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: -- when you reach the bottom of the
dialog: chute you should immediately move
text: as far away from the plane as
dialog: possible in the event of a fire on
dialog: the aircraft.
text: Glancing around, GALE glimpses pale, strained FACES.
text: She sees the ELDERLY WOMAN holding the arm of a man, her SON.
text: She sees a MRS. BROWN squeezing a MR. BROWN'S hand tightly.
text: Looking back down the aisle she sees MR. FLETCHER putting his
text: arm around RICHIE'S shoulder, father and son united against
dialog: fate.
text: Beside her she sees SUSAN trying to comfort KELLY.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: Those of you who can should help
dialog: others who may be unable to move
dialog: quickly.
text: GALE is acutely aware that everyone around her is comforting
text: someone else. Only she is alone.
scene_heading: INT. TOYOTA/HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Back at the wheel, BERNIE is turning right onto an unlit
text: highway, his single headlight stabbing weakly at the storm ahead
text: while his useless wipers clatter loudly and the engine chugs...
text: farts... misses.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I'm late already! Don't quit on me
dialog: now, for Chrissake! This ain't the
dialog: time!
text: The engine struggles, continues.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Come on, come on !
text: The engine surges to life again... then begins to throb with
dialog: downright vigor.
text: BERNIE frowns. It's getting louder.
text: AND LOUDER! AND LOUDER! IT'S ROARING.
text: BERNIE'S eyes bug with the realization that either he's about
text: to take off... OR THAT ISN'T HIS ENGINE THUNDERING, THUNDERING.
text: A great shadow blurs in the rain ahead.
text: BERNIE brakes hard, skidding, sliding wildly.
text: BAWHOOOOOOOOM! HUGE NOISE. IMPACT! GRINDING!
text: BERNIE skids to a halt, eyes shut tight to prevent himself from
dialog: dying.
text: But he's not dead. He opens his eyes. Stares out the
dialog: windshield.
text: A blank wall greets him, bouncing back his headlights in a blur
dialog: of rain.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Now what?
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: BERNIE gets out of his car. Everything is spooky quiet.
text: The tail section of a huge aircraft blocks the road directly
text: in front of Bernie's car. He skidded to a stop two feet short
text: of ramming the twenty-five foot high vertical fin. The rest
text: of the craft is sprawled off the low bridge and into the water,
text: lost for the most part in the darkness.
text: Suddenly, a VOICE calls out... from somewhere forward along the
dialog: fuselage.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hey! Help! Somebody! Help.
text: BERNIE frowns. Helping is not his instinct. Approaching the
text: edge of the bridge, he peers into the darkness.
text: The plane is corkscrewed through the bridge at such a freak
text: angle that the tail rear doors are wedged shut by the metal
text: super-structure, the wing exits are blocked by the up-bent wing
text: stubs, and the right forward doors are canted hopelessly toward
text: the sky while the left exit is partially jammed in the mud near
text: the river bank in three feet of water.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Please! Help us. We're stuck.
dialog: Hello! Anybody!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Whatsa problem, pal?
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN/727 AT REST - NIGHT
text: Engulfed in darkness except for strings of floor lights leading
text: to the exits, the cabin is a confusion of GROANS, COUGHS, CRIES
text: and the piercing WAIL of a screaming BABY. The floor lights
text: seem to be on the walls, high on one side and low on the other,
text: as the cabin is dramatically canted, making movement along
text: aisles nearly impossible.
text: LESLIE, battered from the impact, her uniform torn, is
text: struggling to open the forward emergency exit. Angled downward,
text: the door will only open six inches before being blocked by mud.
text: Water pours in around her ankles as she shoves furiously.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: Somebody give me a hand.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: We're on fire.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: Let's stay calm, everybody.
dialog: Everybody, stay calm, please.
dialog: Please stay calm. Everything will
dialog: be all right if we stay calm.
dialog: Somebody give me a hand with this
dialog: door.
text: Her flashlight stabs the darkness, reveals frightened FACES.
text: Slumped, motionless forms.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: Help the people around you,
dialog: everybody. Please help each other.
text: AAAAAAAAAH! SCREAMS as the plane suddenly shifts violently from
text: the interior movement, canting further.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: Staggering from her seat. WHAM! Hand luggage slams into her
text: from an overhead rack. As GALE goes down, a PASSENGER lands
text: on top of her catching her arm at an angle, breaking it. The
text: PASSENGER climbs off her and struggles down the slope.
text: GALE realizes she can't get up, her leg is wedged in the
text: framework of a seat. PASSENGERS are climbing past her, heading
dialog: forward.
text: SUSAN is fighting her way out of her canted seats, clutching
text: the terrified KELLY to her.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I... I can't move. I'm caught.
text: SUSAN glances at her and their eyes meet. KELLY is screaming.
text: SUSAN turns away from GALE and half-carries KELLY toward the
text: exit, leaving GALE alone, trapped, in pain and fear.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: BERNIE is climbing cautiously down the undercarriage of the
text: bridge toward the water, as OTHER VOICES callout from the
text: twisted fuselage.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hold on there, hold on there. Just
dialog: a minute.
text: BERNIE is awkward and... very careful... climbing down, not
text: brave or dashing. He doesn't notice that, behind him, where
text: the plane is corkscrewed through the bridge a BOUQUET OF ORANGE
text: FLAMES IS BLOSSOMING IN THE FUSELAGE OF THE JET.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN/727 - NIGHT
text: Thick smoke is oozing through the cabin. PASSENGERS are
text: stumbling over each other, clogging the canted aisles while
text: OTHERS slump in their seats, immobilized.
speaker_heading: RICHIE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Daddy! Daddy! Daddy, wake up!
speaker_heading: LESLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Keep calm! Everybody, keep calm.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: Someone's coming!
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - NIGHT
text: Having reached the riverbank, BERNIE is reluctant to step in
text: the water. He hesitates, then he takes off his shoes, looks
text: in the darkness for a place to leave them.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Help us! Help, please.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hold on, buddy. I got hundred
dialog: dollar shoes here.
text: More cries. BERNIE steps cautiously into the water. Up to his
text: ankles. Deeper.
text: BERNIE wades along the huge fuselage, toward the VOICES,
text: stumbling, landing on all fours in the water.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: Struggling to his feet, hands muddy, he blunders toward the
text: Emergency Exit and finds it canted into the water, jammed into
text: the mud so that it only opens a crack.
text: MR. BROWN is wedged in the crack, trying to force the door open
text: without success. Glimpsing BERNIE'S hands in the crack, he
text: pleads.
speaker_heading: MR. BROWN
dialog: Help us, please. We can't get out.
text: BERNIE makes a tentative attempt to open the door. He has no
dialog: effect whatsoever.
speaker_heading: MR. BROWN
dialog: Push it! You gotta push hard.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Whaddaya (grunt) think I'm (grunt)
dialog: doing?
text: Reluctantly BERNIE digs his feet into the mud, puts his shoulder
text: into the door and shoves with all his might. Because he has a
text: better angle on the door and better purchase, he's actually able
dialog: to move it several inches.
speaker_heading: MR. BROWN
dialog: Harder. Push it harder.
text: BERNIE leans back into the door again and pushes with all his
text: might. It gives ever so slightly. Another inch. MR. BROWN
text: is trying to squeeze out.
speaker_heading: MR. BROWN
dialog: Again! Harder. Come on.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (grunting with effort)
dialog: I'm... pushing... it, buddy.
speaker_heading: MR. BROWN
dialog: Harder!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I'm... pushing... it... asshole!
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN/727 - NIGHT
text: PASSENGERS stumble over each other while a flashlight makes
text: panicky stabs at the darkness, RICHIE cries out for FLETCHER
text: to wake up, the BABY screams.
text: Someone's trying to get out the overhead exit, others are
text: hammering at an aft exit.
text: GALE slumped in her seat, fades in and out of consciousness.
text: Above her, across the canted aisle, SUSAN is calling out for
text: help... Then, GALE'S eyes flicker with awareness at the sound
dialog: of an urgent shout...
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: THERE'S A GUY OPENING THE DOOR.
dialog: HE'S OPENING IT!
text: A sudden shadowy surge of movement in the darkness, PASSENGERS
text: urgently scrambling over seats toward the exit.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPLANE/RIVER - NIGHT
text: BERNIE gives a great heave and goes down in the river face
dialog: first.
text: He's opened the door just wide enough for MR. BROWN to squirm
text: through the narrow opening, then pull MRS. BROWN through.
text: BERNIE, sputtering, is trying to get to his feet when the BROWNS
text: knock him down again in their frantic rush to get as far away
text: from the burning plane as they can.
text: As BERNIE struggles to his feet yet again, more PASSENGERS are
text: oozing out the door. They brush him aside, splashing toward the
text: river bank, while orange flames are flickering wildly now in
dialog: the tail section.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN/727 - NIGHT
text: LESLIE is beside the exit, using her flashlight to guide people.
text: Her face is bruised and bloody, her uniform torn, but she is
dialog: courage itself...
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: Once you're outside, immediately
dialog: move as far away from the aircraft
dialog: as you can. If you see someone who
dialog: needs help...
text: Scared PASSENGERS are struggling to get over the seats that are
text: close to where the floor ought to be.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: Please, everybody, one at a time.
dialog: Please, one at a time.
text: Just then the young RICHIE, caught in the surge of PASSENGERS,
text: bumps into her.
speaker_heading: RICHIE
dialog: Please, Miss, my father can't move.
text: He can't move.
text: LESLIE grabs him and shoves him bodily out the narrow exit as
text: she speaks urgently...
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: We'll try and help him, you wait
dialog: outside. Get as far away from the
dialog: plane as you can.
text: Just then LESLIE sees the bloody PILOT and CO-PILOT staggering
text: toward her.
text: She helps them out the narrow opening, half pushing them.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - NIGHT
text: BERNIE'S face is smeared with mud! He staggers out of the water
text: in the flicker of firelight and starts searching for his shoes
text: on the muddy riverbank.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Don't stop!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You gonna bUy me a new pair a shoes,
dialog: pal?
text: The sound of approaching SIRENS cuts through the rainy night.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPLANE/RIVER - NIGHT
text: RICHIE is outside the plane, struggling in chest deep water.
text: He looks back at the plane, sobbing...
speaker_heading: RICHIE
dialog: Dad! Dad!
text: He doesn't know what to do.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - NIGHT
text: Muttering curses, BERNIE is floundering around on the riverbank
text: when a hand clutches at his sleeve.
text: BERNIE whirls, his face a mask of mud. Finds himself facing
speaker_heading: RICHIE.
speaker_heading: RICHIE
dialog: Sir! Please, sir. Sir, my father
dialog: can't move.
text: Where? BERNIE looks around.
speaker_heading: RICHIE
dialog: He's in there! He's hurt!
text: In the plane? In there? BERNIE looks at the plane, reacts...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: In there? Listen, kid, the cops
text: are coming... and the firemen.
dialog: They, uh, they got equipment and
dialog: stuff for this kindathing, they're,
dialog: uh, experts.
text: The sound of SIRENS, still. a ways off. RICHIE clutches at
speaker_heading: BERNIE.
speaker_heading: RICHIE
dialog: Please, sir! Please! It's on fire.
text: He can't move.
text: BERNIE stares into the desperate face... and suddenly,
text: recklessly, BERNIE loses it, forgets he's BERNIE, acts like
dialog: someone else.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: YOUNG BOY
dialog: Inside! He's in the plane, he...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I know he's inside. Which way?
dialog: What's his name?
scene_heading: INT. NEAR THE EXIT/MAIN CABIN/727 - MOMENTS LATER (NIGHT)
text: Chaos and confusion. The smoke is thicker, LESLIE is upset...
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: Sir, you can't go back in. Sir,
dialog: you're blocking passengers. Sir,
dialog: no...
text: BERNIE, his muddy face unrecognizeable, is pushing his way into
text: the plane, shouldering coughing PASSENGERS aside.
text: BERNIE finds himself standing in the choking darkness,
text: PASSENGERS pushing past him. Holy smokes! This is ridiculous!
text: What's he doing here? Thicker smoke, can barely see anything,
text: VOICES cry out in pain and fear. Just then he spots something.
text: A flashlight lies on the floor sending a useless knife of light '
text: into the smoky darkness. He grabs for it, drops it urgently.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: The light is in a hand! He reaches again, snatches the light
text: and points it revealing FREDDY, the other Flight Attendant,
text: lying semiconscious on the floor, bloody, GROANING.
text: BERNIE hesitates. Then he leans down, still gripping the light
text: and half hauls FREDDY toward the nearby exit where LESLIE is
text: supervising PASSENGERS.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey, somebody, grab him, willya?
dialog: Help this guy, willya, goddamnit!
text: A MAN reluctantly turns and, with the help of LESLIE they manage
text: to shove FREDDY out the exit. LESLIE instructs the MAN...
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: Get him away from the plane, help
dialog: him.
text: LESLIE turns back in time to see BERNIE heading back into the
text: darkness, struggling around the stream of PASSENGERS.
text: For half a second, LESLIE'S face reveals her amazement at seeing
dialog: somebody go back into the the nightmare a second time. Then
text: she's helping the next passenger out... SUSAN and KELLY...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: There's (cough cough) a woman back
dialog: there. She's caught.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: Get as far away from the plane as
dialog: you can.
text: Urgently LESLIE shoves them through the door.
scene_heading: INT. "UP THE SLOPE"/MAIN CABIN/707 - NIGHT
text: BERNIE is struggling aft, up the steep slope of the nose-down
text: plane, coughing and cursing in the dark, calling out...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
scene_heading: MISTER FLETCHER! HEY, MISTER
scene_heading: FLETCHER! MISTER FLETCHER, HEY
text: BUDDY, WHERE ARE YA, GODDAMNIT?
text: BERNIE pans the flashlight ahead of him. The blade of light
text: only cuts a few feet through the thickening smoke, revealing
text: only empty seats.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
text: FLETCHER! HEY (cough cough) HEY,
dialog: FLETCHER, SPEAK UP, WILL YA? DON'T
dialog: BE AN ASSHOLE!
dialog: No answer.
text: BERNIE pans the light, turns and...
speaker_heading: A SHARP GROAN!
text: BERNIE stumbles. He stepped on someone.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Fletcher?
text: Pans the light down.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Shit!
text: A woman! GALE. Semiconscious, in pain, she opens her eyes.
scene_heading: GALE P.O.V.: BERNIE'S MUDDY FACE
text: Looking up, all GALE can see is a vague vision of a muddy face
text: dimly visible in the spill of the flashlight.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: My leg's caught.
text: BERNIE points the light toward her leg, overpans the leg, the
text: blade of light discovering her purse. Then he corrects the beam
text: back to reveal her leg wedged between two seats.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Can you... can you get me out of
dialog: here?
text: BERNIE pans the light back to the purse again.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Yeah, sure. I think.
text: BERNIE puts down the light and struggles her leg loose while
text: GALE groans in pain. Her head is near the floor lights, her
text: eyes open.
text: For a moment BERNIE'S face passes through the stationary beam
text: of the flashlight and GALE gets a glimpse of a smoky, muddy face
text: leaning close to her...AN OBSCURE VISION!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Okay, lady. You gotta make an
dialog: effort here. I don't happen to
dialog: be a goddamn bodybuilder.
text: BERNIE retrieves the flashlight lying near her purse. It's out
text: of her line of vision, behind her head. He only hesitates for
text: half a second before his hand shoots out for the purse, conceals
text: it under his jacket, and gets to his feet.
scene_heading: INT. EXIT/AREA/MAIN CABIN/727 - SECONDS LATER (NIGHT)
text: LESLIE is helping ANOTHER MAN out the exit.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
text: Get away from the plane quickly.
dialog: It may explode.
text: Now she's alone. Heroically she turns back and probes the smoky
text: interior with her flashlight.
text: The blade of light is blunted by the smoky darkness. There's
dialog: nothing.
text: LESLIE hesitates. Should she run, save her own life or...?
text: Suddenly BERNIE steps into the beam of her light, emerging from
text: the thick smoke hauling GALE over his shoulder, his face
text: smudged, unrecognizeable, AN HEROIC VISION SHE'LL REMEMBER!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Gimme a (cough cough) hand, willya,
dialog: honey?
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE/HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: SIRENS scream and lights FLASH as more Emergency Vehicles join
text: the ones already parked close to the bridge at a safe distance
text: from the burning tail of the plane. A FIRE CAPTAIN shouts "Move
text: that piece-a junk" at three FIREMEN who are already pushing
text: BERNIE'S Toyota off the bridge and away from the airplane while
text: a confusion of PARAMEDICS and POLICE hurry to the aid of dazed
text: PASSENGERS in torn and bloody clothing.
text: FIREMEN train hoses on the fiery tail of the plane while the
text: FIRE CAPTAIN shouts...
speaker_heading: FIRE CAPTAIN
text: GET 'EM BACK! GET 'EM BACK!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RICHIE
text: Staring at the smoking plane in horror when a hand grips his
text: shoulder. Turning he finds himself looking up at the MAN whose
text: back we saw LESLIE push out of the plane... FLETCHER!
speaker_heading: RICHIE
dialog: DAD! OH, DAD!
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Son! Thank God! I couldn't find
dialog: you. I was terrified... terrified.
text: They're hugging.
scene_heading: INT. EXIT AREA/727 CABIN - NIGHT
text: LESLIE and BERNIE are awkwardly pushing GALE'S limp body out
text: the exit to a FIREMAN, DENTON in an asbestos suit just outside.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN DENTON
dialog: (to Leslie)
dialog: You too, miss! Right away!
text: LESLIE turns to BERNIE.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: I've lost (cough) lost count. I
dialog: think (cough) everybody's out.
text: But BERNIE isn't there! He's disappeared into the smoke. As
text: she stares in dismay, she hears him yelling...
speaker_heading: BERNIE'S VOICE
text: HEY, FLETCHER! SPEAK UP, WILL YA?
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN/727 - NIGHT
text: Coughing and choking BERNIE struggles through the cabin, his
text: light nearly useless now.
speaker_heading: BERNIE'S VOICE
dialog: HEY (cough cough) FLETCHER!
text: Nothing! Darkness. BERNIE can see orange in the black near
dialog: the tail. Fire!
text: This is crazy! Time to turn back! He's turning toward the exit.
dialog: when suddenly...
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Here! Over here! Help me, please.
text: At last! BERNIE waves the light in the direction of the VOICE
text: and stumbles that way through the smoke.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Where the (cough cough) hell are
dialog: ya, buddy?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Over here. My leg's broken (cough
dialog: cough). I need help.
text: BERNIE finds an injured MAN crawling along the floor.
text: BERNIE leans down and grips him under the armpits.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Fletcher, right?
text: The MAN cries out in pain as BERNIE half drags him over seats.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Aaaaaaaah! Smith!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You're not Fletcher?
text: BERNIE lets him go.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Please help me. My name's Smith.
text: BERNIE looks around with the light.
text: Thick smoke. Flames back toward the tail.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I'm looking for Fletcher! HEY,
speaker_heading: FLETCHER!
text: BERNIE waves the light at the darkness and...it goes out.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Shit!
text: BANG! BANG! BERNIE bangs the flashlight against a seat.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Don't leave me. Please don't leave
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: BERNIZ
dialog: Awright, awright.
text: Angrily BERNIE grabs him and hauls him urgently toward the exit
text: while SMITH cries out in pain.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Don't count yer chickens here,
dialog: Smith. I can't see shit.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPLANE/RIVER - NIGHT
text: A dazzling worklight shining down from the bridge illuminates
text: the fuselage and the partially opened exit as TWO FIREMEN in
text: asbestos fire suits splash through the water carrying GALE from
dialog: the plane.
text: FIREMAN DENTON stands at the narrow exit, too narrow for him
text: to enter in his bulky asbestos suit and shouts through his
dialog: helmet.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN DENToN
dialog: You've gotta come outta there, miss.
dialog: Right now! This thing's gonna go.
text: LESLIE squeezes out of the exit, looks back...
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: There's another...
speaker_heading: FIREMAN DENTON
dialog: (grabbing her)
text: RIGHT GODDAMN NOW! COME ON!
text: As LESLIE and FIREMAN DENTON splash the ten yards to the
text: riverbank flames eat their way toward the wings where the fuel
dialog: is stored.
text: Suddenly BERNIE'S VOICE cuts through the chaos...
speaker_heading: BERNIE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: HEY! GIMME A HAND HERE. HEY YOU!
text: IN THE BUNNY SUIT.
text: LESLIE looks back and sees BERNIE awkwardly pulling SMITH out
text: of the narrow exit.
text: FIREMAN DENTON slogs back to BERNIE.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN DENTON
dialog: I'll help him, buddy, you run for
dialog: it.
text: FIREMAN DENTON tries to grab SMITH but BERNIE won't let go.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I gat this guy, you go get the guy
text: who's still in there.
text: FIREMAN DENTON is lifting SMITH bodily.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN DENTON
dialog: Get out of here, pal, she's gonna
dialog: blow.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You're not goin' in? There's a guy
dialog: in there! You got a fucking suit.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN DENTON
text: SHE'S GONNA EXPLODE, YOU DUMB SHIT.
text: FIREMAN DENTON starts to stagger away from the plane, carrying
speaker_heading: SMITH.
text: BERNIE looks back at the plane, sees the fury of flames and
text: suddenly he splashes through the water after FIREMAN DENTON.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - SECONDS LATER (NIGHT)
text: FIREMAN DENTON is staggering up the slope carrying SMITH when
text: he glances back.
text: He sees BERNIE poking around at the edge of the riverbank.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN DENTON
text: HURRY 'UP, BUDDY!
text: In the orange glow of the fire, BERNIE gives a delighted grunt
text: as he finds half of what he's looking for... a single shoe.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN DENTON
dialog: COME ON, YOU STUPID SHIT!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I LOST MY GODDAMN SHOE!
text: BERNIE is looking around frantically when...
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - NIGHT
text: BOOOOOOOOOOM! BERNIE is knocked backward by a tremendous
text: explosion. Suddenly he's sitting in the mud, the night around
text: him bright with flames.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Holy shit!
text: Then he's running, clutching one shoe, no longer worried at all
dialog: about the other...
text: BAAAAAAAAAAAAA-DOOOOOOOOOOM! A SECOND BLAST! MUCH BIGGER!
scene_heading: EXT. ACCIDENT SCENE/HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: From the relative safety of the road, CHUCKY's pointing his
text: vidpak with the Channel Four logo at the exploding plane.
text: Panning the camera from the furious mountain of flames he picks
text: up a marvelous image.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: (excited, under his
dialog: breath)
dialog: Tight on fire, yes, yes, pulling
dialog: back, flame everywhere, find
text: survivors backlit in orange glow,
dialog: yes, yes, yes, awesome, major award,
dialog: cameraman of the year,go Chucky,go,
dialog: baby, how you shoot it.
text: A Flight Attendant (LESLIE) in a torn uniform is staggering up
text: the slope followed by an heroic FIREMAN (DENTON) carrying a
text: Crash Victim (SMITH) on his brave shoulders. What a shot!
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - NIGHT
text: BERNIE stands on the riverbank in the pouring rain and looks
text: back at the burning plane. He shakes his head sadly, imagines
text: FLETCHER in the inferno.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Sorry, pal. Woooo! What a way to
dialog: go!
scene_heading: EXT. ACCIDENT SCENE/HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: TWO PARAMEDICS are struggling with GALE who's trying to get off
text: the stretcher they're putting into an ambulance.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I'm okay. Please, I'm okay, I'm
dialog: a reporter, I...OW!
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: Lady, you're not okay.
text: GALE gets off the stretcher in spite of their efforts and
text: staggers a few feet, grabs one of them for support.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: Miss, please, you've got a broken
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: It's my leg. My leg hurts...
dialog: (suddenly shouting)
text: CHUCKY! OVER HERE, CHUCKY! CHUCKY!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CHUCKY
text: Taping SURVIVORS, when he hears GALE'S voice and looks around
dialog: for her.
text: CONKLIN, the reporter with him, spots her first.
speaker_heading: CONKLIN
dialog: Holy shit! It's Gayley!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE AMBULANCE
text: Where GALE is half on the stretcher as CHUCKY and CONKLIN rush
dialog: up to her.
speaker_heading: CONKLIN
dialog: Gayley! You were on the plane?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: This is my story, Conk. I did the
dialog: research.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: Please, she's injured, she's gotta
dialog: go to the hospital...
text: CHUCKY is already pointing the vidcam at her, taping as the
text: PARAMEDICS shove her onto the stretcher and into the ambulance
text: with her talking all the way.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Get the Flight Attendant, the one
dialog: who manned the door. Also some guy,
dialog: a passenger, pulled me out. Talk
dialog: to him. Then get down to the
dialog: hospital and I'll do an interview
text: and an intro and close. Make
dialog: sure...
text: BANG! The PARAMEDICS slam the door behind her.
text: CONKLIN shakes his head as CHUCKY lowers his camera and the
text: ambulance pulls away.
speaker_heading: CONKLIN
dialog: She's a real piece of work!
dialog: Unbelievable! "It's 'my story, I
dialog: did the research."
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: You're not going to believe the shot
dialog: I got back there. Major Awards!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: wearing only one shoe he limps right past CHUCKY and CONKLIN,
text: unnoticed in the confusion of FIREMEN, PARAMEDICS, and
speaker_heading: SURVIVORS.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON RICHIE AND FLETCHER
text: Standing between an ambulance and a firetruck, father and son
text: are hugging each other warmly. They don't notice Bernie
text: trudging past them and he doesn't notice them.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: reacting with sudden horror at something he sees.
text: ANGLE ON THE BRIDGE
text: The spot where BERNIE left his car. FIREMEN are spraying
text: retardant on the firey fuselage of the plane. No sign of the
dialog: car!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Christ! My car! Where's my car?
text: BERNIE moans mournfully and suddenly a STATE POLICE OFFICER
text: is at his side.
speaker_heading: STATE POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Where are you hurt, sir?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Huh? Hurt? What?
text: BERNIE is urgently concerned with the purse poorly concealed
text: under his jacket.
speaker_heading: STATE POLICE OFFICER
dialog: How about coming over to the
dialog: ambulance, sir, let the medical
dialog: people check you out.
text: The STATE POLICE OFFICER has a hand on the arm BERNIE is using
text: to keep the purse under his jacket.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (pulling away)
dialog: Hey, I don't need no ambulance.
dialog: I'm just looking for my car... It
dialog: musta burned up or something.
text: The purse is visible though the OFFICER hasn't yet noticed it.
text: He's patronizing BERNIE, insisting.
speaker_heading: STATE POLICE OFFICER
dialog: You weren't in your car, sir, you
dialog: were in an airplane crash. But
dialog: everything's going to be okay, we'll
dialog: just go see the doctor and...
text: Just then MRS. BROWN rushes up and clutches the OFFICER,
text: grabbing his arm.
speaker_heading: MRS. BROWN
dialog: Please, please, my husband's been
dialog: waiting for medical attention...
text: As she pulls the OFFICER away, BERNIE hides the purse deeper
text: under his coat, breathes a sigh of relief... and notices
dialog: something!
scene_heading: BERNIE'S POV OF HIS CAR
text: Virtually unrecognizable, moved to the side of the bridge,
text: buried under a mountain of fire retardant foam.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: Limping up to his car, wiping the foam off the windshield.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: This shit has gotta be great for
dialog: the paint job!
scene_heading: INT. JOEY'S BEDROOM/EVEYLYN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Dark except for the eerie flicker of the TV set.
text: JOEY is in bed, surreptitiously watching the TV, turned very
dialog: low.
text: BANG! CRACK! Gunshots? Not from the TV, from outside.
text: JOEY scrambles out of bed and heads for the window.
scene_heading: JOEY'S P.O.V.: EXT. EVELYN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: BERNIE is getting out of his Toyota in the glow of a
text: streetlight. It's still raining. BERIE is soaking wet,
text: wiping off his face. He trudges toward the house wearing only
dialog: one shoe.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR/EVELYN'S HOUSE - LATER (NIGHT)
text: The door swings open violently, revealing EVELYN standing in
text: the doorway looking furious. She's thirty-five, tough, plain,
dialog: not ugly.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He waited for you three hours!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You are not gonna believe this,
dialog: Evelyn! Absolutely fantastic! I'm
dialog: on my way --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I am so tired of your bullshit,
dialog: Bernie.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Ev, it's not my fault! I'm trying
dialog: to tell you this incredible --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's never your fault, Bernie!
dialog: Never ever! You screwed up my life,
dialog: now you're gonna screw up Joey's
dialog: life, but you're never gonna accept
dialog: responsibility for anyth--
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Is he here, your friend. The
dialog: fireman?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He had an emergency call... a real
dialog: emergency.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Why doncha let me in so we don't
dialog: wake everybody in the
dialog: neighborhood?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/EVELYN'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Suburban. Inexpensive furniture. EVELYN and BERNIE ranting...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Willya lemme talk for Chrissake?
dialog: I'm trying to tell you what
dialog: happened. What happened is...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The same thing that always happens!
dialog: You blew it!
dialog: And this time you broke your son's
dialog: heart instead of mine! He was so
dialog: proud, looking forward to going to
dialog: a movie with his father... and you
dialog: let him down! Like you let
dialog: everybody down, always! What did
dialog: you do, take a mudbath?
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JOEY
text: eyes wide, crouched at the top of the staircase in his pyjamas,
text: spying on his parents in the living room below.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE AND EVELYN
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: That's what I'm trying to... to...
dialog: okay, nevermind. Just lemme talk
dialog: to Joey to... to apologize.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He's in bed! You're not gonna wake
dialog: him and make him crazy, do you
dialog: understand? He comes home from the
dialog: zoo, he wants to know if Elliot's
dialog: a "war hero" like you... he wants
dialog: to know how many people you
dialog: killed...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: "Elliot"? The heroic goddamn
dialog: fireman?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I had to explain your tendancy to
dialog: "exaggerate", How you were actually
dialog: "in country" all of two weeks and
dialog: how you killed about as many people
dialog: as the other clerk-typists in your
dialog: outfit, no more, no less...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Three weeks, Ev. I didn't tell him
dialog: I killed anybody...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Maybe not,... but you let him
dialog: believe it! And then I gotta
dialog: explain about the homeless...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: The homeless!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How not all of them own apartment
dialog: complexes, how not all of them play
dialog: the stock market, how not all of
dialog: them rent babies when they're
text: panhandling. He's ten years old,
dialog: Bernie! Impressionable!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JOEY
text: Watching from the staircase.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE AND EVELYN
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Listen, it's important, Ev, I gotta
dialog: see him, I got my reasons, very
dialog: goddamn important...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Use the phone, Bernie, call him
dialog: tomorrow, he'd like to hear from
dialog: you. Where's your other shoe?
dialog: Never mind! I don't want to know.
dialog: Some fantastic adventure, right?
dialog: Something really crazy.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I was giving him some advice is all.
dialog: Preparing him for life. You don't
dialog: want him to grow up soft, Ev	, it's
dialog: tough out there, it's a goddamn
dialog: jungle.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (firmly, opening the
dialog: door)
text: Back to the jungle, Bernie. Good
dialog: night.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR/EVELYN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: BERNIE steps out and the door slams hard behind him. He pauses,
text: sighs, starts toward his car...
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BERNIE'S TOYOTA/PARKED - A MOMENT LATER (NIGHT)
text: As BERNIE gets in the car he notices the purse sticking out from
text: under the passenger seat where he hid it. He reaches down,
text: takes the purse, rummages in it, pulls out the Silver Mike,
text: glances at it, might be worth something, pockets it moves on
dialog: to the wallet, the credit cards, the cash... some hundreds,
dialog: fifties', twenties...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/EVELYN'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER (NIGHT)
text: EVELYN is shutting off the last of the lights and starting up
text: the stairs when the doorbell rings. EVELYN scowls. She's
dialog: furious.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR/EVELYN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The door opens and EVELYN stands there scowling.
text: BERNIE holds out a twenty dollar bill.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Sorry, Ev, to bother you again.
dialog: This is for Joey, his reward... for
dialog: this wallet he found. When I, uh ,
dialog: returned it I told the guy he hadda
dialog: give my kid something for finding
dialog: it, for the honesty. So the kid
dialog: would learn how honestly pays.
text: Eyes meet. She doesn't believe it for a moment and he knows
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Just give it to him, okay, Ev?
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - LATER (NIGHT)
text: An AIRHORN BLARES, a truck thunders past BERNIE, who's pushing
text: his Toyota to the side of the road, steering one-handed from
dialog: outside.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - LATER YET (NIGHT)
text: A blonde GIRL tosses an empty beer can from the window of a
text: speeding car full of laughing TEENAGERS.
text: The can clatters to the road beside BERNIE who lowers his
text: "hitch-hiking thumb" as the car speeds off leaving him alone.
scene_heading: EXT. HEAVY TRAFFIC/FREEWAY - DAWN (HOURS LATER)
text: Rush hour! Bumper to bumper TRAFFIC oozing toward the city.
dialog: We HEAR A VOICE!
speaker_heading: BUBBER'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You actually went into it? A
dialog: burning airplane?
speaker_heading: BERNIE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: "Into it"! "Into it", for
dialog: Chrissake! I was practically living
dialog: in the goddamn thing... every time
dialog: I turned around, some other person
dialog: wants me to save 'em.
text: Looking for the VOICES, we MOVE IN on a single lane of crawling
text: traffic and finally FOCUS ON a battered, rusted 76 Chevy with
text: a crumpled fender, a trunk tied closed and cracked windows...
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY/MOVING/FREEWAY - DAWN
text: BERNIE is sitting on bare springs and tatters of upholstery in
text: the passenger seat, muddy, rumpled, weary...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Couldn't see a fucking foot in front
dialog: of me, smoke... then booooom! It
dialog: explodes! I could be dead!
text: JOHN BUBBER is at the wheel, a shabbily dressed, tired, haunted
text: man. He gives BERNIE a look. Should he believe?
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: And you pulled people out?
dialog: You're... a hero.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Nah, I fucked it up. I was tryin'
dialog: to impress this kid, don't ask me
dialog: why. I was gonna rescue his old
dialog: man, but I couldn't find the poor
dialog: bastard. He musta blew up.
dialog: (then...)
dialog: I got the hell outta there. I
dialog: didn't have the nerve to face the
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (thoughtful, serious)
dialog: A lotta people wouldn't have tried.
dialog: It was pretty brave even trying...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Try stupid.
text: BUBBER brakes for traffic and a cardboard box from the back seat
text: hits BERNIE and cascades crushed cans all over him.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Sorry about that. Just toss them
dialog: in back.
dialog: (very serious)
dialog: A lot of people would say that's
dialog: what heroism is... stupidity. Doing
dialog: something that if you thought about
dialog: it, you wouldn't do it, it's not
dialog: in your... interest.
text: BERNIE indicates the clutter of cans.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You got a drinking problem or what?
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: I sell them at the recycling center.
dialog: Gives me a little for gas and food.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (considering the back
dialog: seat)
dialog: Looks like you live in here, for
dialog: Chrissake!
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: In bad weather, yeah. Mostly I camp
dialog: out in the woods. I thought maybe
dialog: you were down on your luck too when
dialog: I picked you up.
text: BUBBER indicates BERNIE'S muddy, torn clothes, stocking foot.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Down on my luck! Hey, I toldja,
dialog: a goddamn plane fell on me outta
dialog: the sky. In America, for Chrissake!
dialog: See this shoe! Hundred dollar pair
dialog: of shoes. One shoe!
text: BUBBER glances at the shoe BERNIE'S waving.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: You should give it to someone with
dialog: only one leg.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: One leg! Like the Red Cross or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: I know a guy who only has one leg.
text: BERNIE drops the shoe on the floor, shakes his head, disgusted.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Sell it to him. You get a couple
dialog: bucks, it pays for the ride.
dialog: (a beat, then...)
dialog: I got a job, nice apartment. I do
dialog: okay.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: They interview you or anything?
dialog: At the plane crash?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey, do I look crazy? I don't go
dialog: for that shit... interviews, media.
dialog: They're manipulators. "Keep a low
dialog: profile," that's my motto.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - DAWN
text: The Chevy inches forward as the traffic moves again, heading
text: slowly toward the city.
speaker_heading: BERNIE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (continuing, grandly)
dialog: Besides, I got these legal problems.
dialog: My attorney don't want me giving
text: statements to the press.
text: Traffic is still crawling.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: GALE sits up in bed in spite of an I.V. in one arm and a cast
text: on the other. There's a big bandage across the bridge of her
text: nose and her left leg is also heavily bandaged...
speaker_heading: GALE.
dialog: I don't understand. You can't find
dialog: him?
text: She stares incredulously at her trio of visitors, CONKLIN,
text: CHUCKY, and DEAKINS. DEAKINS, uncomfortable outside his
text: office, is awkwardly trying to vase a bouquet of flowers.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: There's a lot of confusion around
dialog: what went on last night, it's not
dialog: clear...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: You said all the passengers were
dialog: accounted for...
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Apparently the guy who pulled you
dialog: out wasn't a passenger...
text: A NURSE gracefully relieves DEAKINS of the flowers he's
text: destroying and skillfully vases them while GALE questions...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: A paramedic? A fireman? He didn't
dialog: have a uniform...
speaker_heading: CONKLIN
dialog: From what we could get, there's a
dialog: kind of... sort of... "mystery
dialog: guy"... involved.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: We're piecing together different
dialog: accounts and...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: A "mystery guy!" "Not a passenger."
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: CONKLIN
dialog: We don't know who he is, he...
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: He disappeared.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (incredulous)
text: A non-passenger, non-rescue-worker
text: went into a burning plane and pulled
dialog: me out and... disappeared?
text: GALE starts to get up, struggling with covers, I.V., etc.
speaker_heading: CONKLIN
dialog: Not just you. Apparently this guy
dialog: is the one who opened the emergency
dialog: exit from the outside...
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Everybody! He saved everybody on
dialog: the plane! Because of him, no
dialog: fatalities! I don't think you're
dialog: supposed to move around like that,
dialog: Gale. You're attached there...
text: GALE is getting out of bed, the I.V. still inserted in her arm.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - LATER (DAY)
text: LESLIE looks directly into the camera as CHUCKY tapes her over
text: GALE'S shoulder.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: And all of a sudden, this...
dialog: "civilian"... rushed into the
dialog: plane. Next thing you know he's
dialog: hauling Freddy... he's the other
text: flight attendant... out and then he
text: goes back in.
dialog: (a beat, a tear,
dialog: then... )
dialog: That's what gave me the courage to
dialog: hang in there even though I knew
dialog: the plane could blow any minute...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: What did he look like?
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - LATER (DAY)
text: MR. SMITH is being interviewed in his bed. He's emotional...
speaker_heading: MR. SMITH
dialog: It was just this face, all dirty,
dialog: it just appeared. I really thought
dialog: I was going to die.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Did he say anything to you?
speaker_heading: MR. SMITH
dialog: He... asked if I was "Fletcher."
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE/CARPET CARE - DAY
text: A man named ROBINSON, fifty, sloppy, screams apoplectically...
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
scene_heading: ONE WORD! ONE WORD, LAPLANTE, AND
dialog: YOU'RE FIRED! GOT THAT? ONE WORD!
text: Exhausted, shoeless BERNIE follows ROBINSON in the cluttered
dialog: Carpet Care Office...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Bill, I...
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
text: DON'T SAY "BILL," BERNIE! DON'T
dialog: SAY ONE WORD! DIDN'T I SAY "ONE
dialog: WORD AND YOU'RE FIRED?"
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: YOU KNOW WHY? BECAUSE IT'LL BE AN
scene_heading: EXCUSE! IT'LL BE "BERNIE LAPLANTE
scene_heading: EXCUSE NUMBER FOUR THOUSAND ONE
scene_heading: HUNDRED AND SIX." NO, FOUR THOUSAND
text: ONE HUNDRED AND TWELVE. THAT'S HOW
dialog: MANY EXCUSES YOU HAVE GIVEN ME, I
text: KEEP TRACK OF THEM ELECTRONICALLY.
text: I HEARD THEM ALL, BERNIE.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Bill, I got some legal problems and
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: THAT'S IT! YOU TALKED! YOU'RE
text: FIRED! OUTTA HERE! GET OUTTA HERE!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Bill, listen...
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
scene_heading: OUT! I TOLDJA. JESUS CHRIST, I
text: GOT CUSTOMERS WAITING! AN' YOU WERE
dialog: GONNA GO OUT LIKE THAT? AN' MEET
scene_heading: THE PUBLIC IN STOCKING-FUCKING-FEET?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Bill, I got financial problems
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: I DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR PROBLEMS,
text: I'M GONNA THINK ABOUT MY PROBLEMS.
dialog: YOU'RE ONE A MY PROBLEMS. GET OUT!
dialog: OUT! OUT!
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - MINUTES LATER (DAY)
text: BERNIE is trudging wearily up the busy sidewalk, dirty, tattered
text: and shoeless, BERNIE doesn't notice BUBBER staring in the window
text: of an electronics store where dozens of television screens show
text: the burning fuselage of Flight 104.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/FLETCHER HOME - DAY
text: CHUCKY shoots over GALE'S shoulder as she interviews FLETCHER
text: in his living room.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: He was asking for Mr. Fletcher...
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: My son and I got separated in the
text: confusion and smoke. The very
text: courageous stewardess at the exit
dialog: told me my boy had got out so I got
dialog: out too. But my son had already
dialog: told this... man that I was still
dialog: in there.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT HOUSE/CITY STREET - DAY
text: Disheveled, in stocking feet, BERNIE trudges wearily up the
text: front steps of the shabby apartment house where he lives,
text: enters.
scene_heading: INT. RICHIE'S ROOM/FLETCHER HOME - MINUTES LATER (DAY)
text: Posters, youthy icons. CHUCKY shooting GALE interviewing RICHIE.
speaker_heading: RICHIE
dialog: I thought my dad was still... still
dialog: in there. So I asked the man to save
dialog: my father.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: What did the man say, Richie?
speaker_heading: RICHIE
dialog: He said... uh... he said...
dialog: (not sure, thinking,
dialog: then... )
dialog: "I'll save him." He said, "I'll
dialog: save your father."
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: The door opens and BERNIE enters. He pulls the contents of
text: GALE'S wallet from his pocket and tosses them on a table... the
text: plastic windows full of credit cards and cash. Then he pulls
text: off his jacket, ruefully inspecting a tear in the muddy sleeve.
text: He's about to toss it on the ratty sofa when he notices it felt
text: funny. He reaches in another pocket and pulls out the Silver
dialog: Mike Award, considers it for a moment. What's it worth?
text: Sitting on the sofa, he leans back... and starts to doze off.
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE/EXT. "EXPLODING" PLANE - NIGHT
text: FRAME BY FRAME the image inches forward, sweeping off the fire
text: that fills the screen to the riverbank... frame by frame... fire
text: ... fire... fire... then faster as the riverbank is darkening
text: the frame and then LESLIE and the THIRD FIREMAN sweep into the
text: foreground as the camera discovers them... the dramatic shot we
dialog: remember of them coming up the riverbank.
speaker_heading: GALE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Back. Go back. You missed it.
text: Zip zip zip the image highspeeds back to the exploding plane.
text: Again the screen is filled with fire...
speaker_heading: GALE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Now. Go forward again.
text: Frame by frame the blossom of fire blooms consuming the plane.
speaker_heading: GALE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Keep going.
scene_heading: INT. EDIT BAY - DAY
text: REVEAL: GALE in an editing bay at Channel Four, peering
text: intently at the fiery scene on the video monitor while the young
text: tape editor, JOAN, operates the controls.
scene_heading: CONKLIN, DEAKINS, PARKER, CHUCKY flank GALE.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: There! Right there.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN (EXT. AIRPLANE - NIGHT)
text: A tiny silhouetted FIGURE appears in the far right corner of
text: the frame. Then, as one more frame clicks off, the FIGURE
text: appears near the center of the next frame of the pan.
text: The picture freezes there, a startling dramatic image of an
text: UNRECOGNIZABLE FIGURE (BERNIE) in silhouette, dwarfed by the
text: gigantic explosion. IT'S AN AWESOME IMAGE. NO ARTIST OR AD
scene_heading: MAN COULD DO BETTER... A TINY, ANONYMOUS FIGURE, ALONE, AGAINST
text: A GIGANTIC MOUNTAIN OF PURE FIRE. AND FROM NOW ON IT WILL BE
text: REFERRED TO AS "THE IMAGE."
scene_heading: INT. EDIT BAY - DAY
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: That's him?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Who else? We've accounted for
dialog: everyone else. That's our hero!
text: She stares at "The Image." It's powerful, stirring.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: I didn't see the guy when I shot
dialog: it. I thought I was getting the
dialog: last survivors when I panned over.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Any chance we could do some kind
dialog: of electronic enhancement, you
dialog: think? Get a clear picture,
dialog: identify him?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (peering closely at the
dialog: screen)
dialog: There's no face really, nothing to
dialog: work with. Big dots, that's all
dialog: you'll get.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Look at the guy! He just saved fifty
dialog: people. Now he's going to disappear.
dialog: Who is he?
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: UUUUHHHHOOOOOOOW! BERNIE snores loudly, asleep on his sofa,
text: still in his rumpled, torn clothes. He SNORES again.
scene_heading: MONTAGE: TELEVISION SCREENS IN CARS, HOMES, TV STORES
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE: INT. RICHIE'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: ON THE SCREEN, RICHIE is talking directly at the CAMERA, the
text: interview in his room on videotape...
speaker_heading: RICHIE/TV
dialog: He said... uh, he said... "I'll save
dialog: your father."
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: LESLIE appears ON SCREEN, her interview...
speaker_heading: LESLIE/TV
dialog: -- all of a sudden, this...
dialog: civilian... He rushed into the
dialog: plane.
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE: FREDDY'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Freddy appears talking directly at the CAMERA...
speaker_heading: FREDDY/TV
dialog: I woke up in an ambulance. Leslie,
dialog: the other flight attendant, told
dialog: me the guy dragged me to the exit.
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Leslie appears ON THE SCREEN again...
speaker_heading: LESLIE/TV
dialog: "Here, give this guy a hand," he
dialog: said. The next thing I knew, he
dialog: was going back in there, into all
dialog: that smoke...
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: MR. SMITH appears ON THE SCREEN...
speaker_heading: MR. SMITH/TV
text: I was crawling around on the floor.
dialog: I thought I was a goner!
scene_heading: OFF THE SCREEN/MONTAGE
scene_heading: YOUNG PEOPLE, OLD PEOPLE, RICH PEOPLE, POOR PEOPLE, CONVICTS,
scene_heading: DENTISTS, BLACK PEOPLE, BROWN PEOPLE, WHITE PEOPLE, CHINESE
text: PEOPLE are watching the report in...
speaker_heading: -HOME
speaker_heading: -BARBERSHOP
scene_heading: -ELECTRONICS SHOWROOM
speaker_heading: -JAIL CELL
scene_heading: -SKID ROW HOTEL LOBBY
scene_heading: -SHADOW LOUNGE
text: CHICK watching the report.
speaker_heading: -CLASSROOM
text: JOEY watching the report in a classroom.
scene_heading: -EVELYN'S KITCHEN
text: EVELYN watching the report in her kitchen.
speaker_heading: -ALLEY
text: BUBBER is listening to the report on a radio in an alley.
speaker_heading: ON THE SCREEN
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE: INT. TV STUDIO - DAY
text: GALE, bandaged, casted, stands in front of a BLUE SCREEN.
speaker_heading: GALE/TV
dialog: -- out of the darkness... out of
dialog: the smoke and the fear... came a
dialog: man with no name... no uniform...
dialog: but an abundance of courage.
text: The CAMERA ZOOMS IN SLOWLY on GALE and simultaneously DISSOLVES
text: SLOWLY TO... "THE IMAGE". It fills the screen as GALE narrates
scene_heading: VOICEOVER...
speaker_heading: GALE'S VOICEOVER/TV
dialog: A man who was thinking not about
dialog: himself but about others, risking
dialog: his own life for ours...
dialog: (a beat then...)
dialog: He's out there now somewhere...
dialog: and... whoever you are, I, and the
dialog: other survivors of Flight 104, say,
dialog: "Thank you! God bless!"
text: MUSIC SWELLS as the CAMERA ZOOMS IN on "THE IMAGE" emphasizing
text: the tiny FIGURE alone in the frame surrounded by fire...
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE - DAY
text: Flanked by GALE and CHUCKY, DEAKINS is watching the preceding
text: material on the monitor.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Not bad. But if you gotta wear a
dialog: cast, you oughtta feature it more
dialog: it's parta the story.
dialog: (seeing Wallace enter
dialog: the room)
dialog: Network's taking everything we give
dialog: 'em. They wanta feed off our six
dialog: o'clock whether we find the mystery
dialog: guy or not. We're very big
dialog: nationally.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: It's a wonderful piece. Emotional.
dialog: I love it.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: We're gonna feature Gale's cast
dialog: more. The trick is gonna be keeping
text: the upper hand on this piece.
dialog: As long as we have Gale and there's
dialog: no mystery guy, we're the center
dialog: of the story. But if he shows up
dialog: and somebody else gets him first
dialog: or exclusive...
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: What about a reward for coming
dialog: forward?
text: DEAKINS answers a RINGING phone. GALE frowns, frets.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: There could be problems with
dialog: something like that Mister Wallace.
dialog: What if...?
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: WHAT? THEY FOUND WHAT?
text: Everybody looks at DEAKINS.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/EVELYN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ignoring the open schoolbook on the floor in front of him, JOEY
text: is sprawled on the floor, eyes on the TV screen.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN: EXT. CRASH SITE - NIGHT
text: A CLOSE-UP of a muddy shoe WIDENS to REVEAL the shoe nestled
text: in GALE'S sling on top of her cast. She addresses the camera
text: from a spot directly in front of the crash site while behind
text: her WORKMEN comb the wreckage under bright halogen lights.
speaker_heading: GALE/VOICEOVER/TV
dialog: A phone check with survivors has
dialog: confirmed that the shoe does not
dialog: belong to any of the crew or
text: passengers of Flight 104. Several
dialog: witnesses recall the mysterious
dialog: man who saved fifty-four people
text: referring to his missing shoe.
text: The conclusion; the unknown hero,
dialog: know to many as "The Angel of
text: Flight 104," wears a size 10B shoe.
speaker_heading: EVELYN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Joey! Dinner! Now! Turn that
dialog: thing off.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ELLIOT is at the table with EVELYN as JOEY joins them.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: He lost a shoe!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Who lost a shoe? Wash your hands.
speaker_heading: JOEY
text: The "unknown hero." They found his
text: shoe right beside the plane crash.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Superman, you mean? Lost a shoe!
dialog: What next?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Elliot! The man saved hundreds of
dialog: people!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Fifty-four! I was there, remember?
dialog: You know why I didn't rush into that
dialog: plane? Because I'm a trained
dialog: fireman, that's why! Part of a
dialog: team! A disciplined team. We take
dialog: risks all the time, save people.
dialog: But we don't take crazy chances.
dialog: This guy does something really dumb
dialog: and he lucks out. So the media go
dialog: crazy about his shoe for god's sake!
dialog: What kind of message are they giving
dialog: to youth?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (indicating Joey)
dialog: What kind of message are you giving
dialog: to youth? Sneering at someone for
dialog: sticking his neck out. You sound
dialog: like my ex for heaven's sake...
dialog: Mister Cynicism.
text: ELLIOT gets up, shrugs.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: So what can I say? Give your ex
dialog: credit for being smart enough not
dialog: to do something stupid. Maybe the
dialog: man's not all bad. I'm gonna watch
dialog: TV, hoping it's not all this
dialog: "Superman stuff."
text: ELLIOT walks over to the TV and turns it on, leaving JOEY and
text: EVELYN alone. JOEY is excited.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: My father didn't have his shoes on
dialog: when he... when he came here.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You were in bed. Weren't you?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: I... I saw him out the window.
text: EVELYN frowns, hesitates a moment. Was the kid listening?
dialog: Then...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You think your father would do
dialog: something like that? Rescue people?
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Your father is Bernie LaPlante,
dialog: Joey. It's against his religion
text: to stick his neck out.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE TV (INT. NEWS SET - NIGHT)
text: Where an ANCHORPERSON speaks from a news set.
scene_heading: CHANNEL 4 ANCHORPERSON/TV
dialog: -- where the leader of a religious
dialog: group claimed today that the
dialog: mysterious hero is, in fact, an
dialog: angel who is anticipated in
dialog: scripture.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Washing glasses behind the bar, CHICK is watching the same show
text: on the TV over the bar when he turns to see BERNIE enter
text: (wearing a brand new pair of cheap running shoes.)
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Bernie, how'sa kid?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You don't wanna know, Chick, you
dialog: don't wanna know. Those guys been
dialog: in here?
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: (pouring a 7&7)
dialog: You in business with those guys or
dialog: what? I wouldn't want a problem
dialog: for the establishment, Bern.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You couldn't have a problem, Chick,
dialog: because I personally have got them
dialog: all. I cornered the whole goddamn
dialog: market. You wouldn't believe...
dialog: Oh, how ya doin'...?
text: ESPINOSA and VARGAS have entered the bar. They have another guy
text: with them, MENDOZA.
speaker_heading: ESPINOSA
dialog: We bring our frenn this time, okay?
text: Something about MENDOZA spells trouble. it's almost palpable.
text: BERNIE doesn't notice, but CHICK does. He looks worried.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Excuse me here, Chick, I gotta do
dialog: these guys a little favor.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOOTH
text: As BERNIE, MENDOZA and ESPINOSA slide into a booth intent on
text: business, ESPINOSA looks around for VARGAS and spots him
text: lingering back at the bar watching the TV.
speaker_heading: ESPINOSA
dialog: (calling out to Vargas)
dialog: Hey, vato! Vamos.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE BAR
text: Where VARGAS and CHICK are staring at the screen.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE TV SCREEN: INT. NEWS SET - NIGHT
text: Where the ANCHORPERSON is introducing WALLACE who stands there
text: in a suit and tie looking ill at ease...
scene_heading: CHANNEL 4 ANCHORPERSON/TV
dialog: -- bring you a special announcement
dialog: from Channel Four station Manager,
dialog: James Wallace.
text: Framed alone now, WALLACE smiles awkwardly at the camera.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Good evening. We at Channel Four,
dialog: like you, have been stirred by the
dialog: courage and...
speaker_heading: ESPINOSA'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hombre! Por aqui!
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON VARGAS
text: Eyes lingering on the TV, backing toward the booth.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOOTH
text: BERNIE has spread GALE'S credit cards on the table in front of
text: ESPINOSA and MENDOZA. ESPINOSA examines them, questions
dialog: BERNIE...
speaker_heading: ESPINOSA
dialog: How many you got there? Eight?
dialog: Ten?
text: VARGAS slides into the booth before BERNIE can answer.
speaker_heading: VARGAS
dialog: They offer him a million dollars
dialog: reward.
speaker_heading: MENDOZA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: VARGAS
dialog: The "plane crash guy".
speaker_heading: ESPINOSA
dialog: (to Bernie)
dialog: Is that all of them? Eight?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: What "plane crash guy"?
speaker_heading: VARGAS
dialog: The one-shoe dude who saved all
dialog: those people, man. Channel Four
dialog: gonna give him a million for an
dialog: interview.
text: ESPINOSA tries to turn BERNIE'S attention back to "business."
speaker_heading: ESPINOSA
dialog: Come. on, hombre, we doin' business
dialog: here. You got more or not?
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CHICK
dialog: Watching the TV
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE TV SCREEN (INT. NEWS SET - NIGHT)
text: Where WALLACE is concluding...
speaker_heading: WALLACE/TV
dialog: The offer is absolutely
dialog: unconditional. All he has to do,
dialog: is satisfy our reporter, Gale
dialog: Gayley, and the other passengers
dialog: who had contact with him that he
dialog: is indeed the brave man who...
speaker_heading: BERNIE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (yelling)
text: HEY! WHAT THE HELL IS THIS? WHAT'S
dialog: GOIN' ON HERE?
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CHICK
text: Turning, seeing a commotion at the booth.
text: ANGLE ON THE BOOTH
text: Where MENDOZA is handcuffing the outraged BERNIE while ESPINOSA
dialog: reads him his rights...
speaker_heading: ESPINOSA
dialog: You have the right to remain silent,
dialog: you have the right to --
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey, this is bullshit! Do you guys
dialog: know who I am? You know where I
dialog: got the goddamn plastic? I got a
dialog: million bucks coming. I'm the guy
dialog: who...
speaker_heading: ESPINOSA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You have the right to the counsel
dialog: of an attorney...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CHICK
text: Watching BERNIE being hustled out of the bar, handcuffed,
text: protesting loudly.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
text: CHICK, CALL MY ATTORNEY! THIS IS
text: BULLSHIT! ENTRAPMENT! I GOT A
text: MILLION BUCKS COMING, FOR CHRISSAKE!
scene_heading: MONTAGE: PRINTING PRESSES - DAY
text: Newspapers roll off the presses one after another.
text: THE TIMES features "The Image" with a headline over the firey
text: scene trumpeting "AN ANGEL FOR FLIGHT 104?"
text: THE MIRROR is tighter on the image featuring an enlargement of
text: the silhouette of Bernie with a headline asking "WHO IS HE?"
text: THE HERALD features a full page photo of the single muddy shoe
text: with a headline supered over it announcing "SEARCH FOR MR.
dialog: CINDERELLA!"
text: and finally THE TRIBUNE screams in massive black letters "ONE
dialog: MILLION DOLLAR REWARD!"
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER/CITY - DAY
text: A NEWS VENDOR is waving a paper and shouting...
speaker_heading: NEWS VENDOR
text: ONE MILLION DOLLAR REWARD TO THE
scene_heading: UNANIMOUS HERO! ONE MILLION BUCKS
text: FOR THE "ANGEL" WHO SAVED FIFTY
text: PEOPLE AND TOOK OFF!
text: A WOMAN walks by with a tee-shirt featuring "The Image." The
text: spectacular picture looks great on the contours of her chest!
scene_heading: EXT. TV STATION - DAY
text: PARKER, the youthful Channel Four gofer/runner, moves along a
text: seemingly endless line of WANNABE HEROES that stretches along
text: the sidewalk outside Channel Four and disappears around the
text: corner. He's addressing them at the top of his lungs...
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: PLEASE, IF YOUR FOOT ISN'T A SIZE
scene_heading: 10-B, DON'T REMAIN IN LINE. WE'RE
scene_heading: ONLY SEEING SIZE 10-B "HEROES."
text: GROANS and CATCALLS from the WANNABES, as we MOVE ALONG the line,
text: eavesdropping on various WANNABES...
speaker_heading: AFRICAN AMERICAN
dialog: Thass a racist perspective, assuming
dialog: that because something heroic was
dialog: done that a white man done it. A
text: man with mud on his face could be
dialog: a man of any color, most likely was,
dialog: which is true in this case cause
dialog: it was me! With mud all over me.
text: Two other WANNABES are squaring off to fight...
speaker_heading: 1ST FIGHTER
dialog: You call me a liar, I'm gonna kick
dialog: your ass.
speaker_heading: 2ND FIGHTER
dialog: Hey, it's not just me sayin' you
dialog: ain't no hero. Everybody in the
dialog: goddamn line says you ain't the
dialog: hero.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER WANNABE
dialog: Can you believe this? Must be more
dialog: than a thousand phonies after my
dialog: reward.
text: A WANNABE with mud smeared on his face spots GALE approaching
text: the front door of the station, a look of amazement on her face
text: at the length of the line.
scene_heading: MUD-FACE WANNABE
text: HEY, MISS GAYLEY! HEY, GALE!
dialog: REMEMBER ME? I'M THE GUY! I SAVED
scene_heading: YOUR LIFE! REMEMBER --
text: Rolling her eyes good naturedly, GALE walks briskly up the steps
text: to the front door of the station, passing PARKER who's measuring
text: a TALL WANNABE'S feet. The TALL WANNABE calls out to her.
speaker_heading: TALL WANNABE
dialog: My foot's only eight and a half but
dialog: I wear a ten B for the comfort.
dialog: I swear!
dialog: (she keeps walking)
dialog: Hey, Miss Gayley, I saved your life!
text: Just as GALE is about to enter the TV station, PARKER catches
dialog: up to her.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Hey, Miss Gayley, there's a cop
dialog: looking for you. From Robbery
dialog: Detail, Inspector Dayton. He wants
dialog: you to call him.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: I didn't ask him.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Call him back. Ask him.
dialog: (indicating the line)
dialog: I'm a little...busy.
text: GALE disappears into the TV Station.
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE - DAY
text: WALLACE is looking down at the line of WANNABES.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: JUDGE GOINES is addressing a miserable looking CRIMINAL...
speaker_heading: JUDGE GOINES
dialog: Bail in this matter will remain
dialog: in the sum of five thousand
dialog: dollars. Next.
scene_heading: DISCOVER MENDOZA, ESPINOSA AND VARGAS
text: carrying on a whispered discussion with an African American
text: detective (DAYTON) in the spectator section (AS THE COURT
scene_heading: PROCEEDINGS CONTINUE IN THE BACKGROUND). MENDOZA indicates
text: something at the rear of the room to DAYTON who follows his
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: DAYTON'S P.O.V.
text: A group of PRISONERS have just been led in the side door from
text: a holding cell and a BAILIFF is removing the handcuffs that
text: tied the PRISONERS together. One of the PRISONERS is BERNIE
text: LAPLANTE. DONNA approaches him as the BAILIFF uncuffs him.
text: She speaks to him but her words are inaudible to DAYTON.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DAYTON
text: as he watches BERNIE from a distance, nods affirmatively to
text: something MENDOZA whispers in his ear. We realize we'll be
text: seeing DAYTON again...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON DONNA
text: astonished, reacting to BERNIE in a sharp whisper...
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: "The Angel of Flight 104!" You're
dialog: telling me you're the A...?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: "Angel!" I didn't say "angel,"
dialog: that's a little strong. Listen,
dialog: here's the thing, I gotta get over
dialog: there to the TV station to collect
dialog: my million bucks.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Mister LaPlante, I really want to
dialog: help you, but crazy stories are
dialog: only going to make it worse. The
dialog: D.A. is asking your bail be set
dialog: at twenty-five thousand dollars
dialog: because you were arrested again
dialog: while you were out on bail...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Twenty-five grand is peanuts! All
dialog: you gotta do is get me outta here
dialog: long enough to collect.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: The People versus Bernard LaPlante.
text: JUDGE GOINES scowls at the sight of BERNIE moving toward him
dialog: talking already.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Your honor, my attorney here says
dialog: the prosecutor there wants
dialog: twenty-five grand bail...
text: DONNA looks horrified, the JUDGE furious...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mister LaPlante, you will be silent
dialog: unless the court recognizes you...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (continuing grandly)
dialog: --which is fine by me. I got no
dialog: problem with that at all.
dialog: In fact, your honor, I'd be proud
dialog: to double it. Fifty grand! A tip
dialog: for "the people," your honor, if
dialog: I could just...
text: GOINES is banging his gavel angrily, glaring at BERNIE, not
text: noticing a SECOND BAILIFF hurry into the courtroom.
speaker_heading: JUDGE GOINES
dialog: Mister LaPlante, unless you stop
dialog: chattering immediately, I am going
dialog: to ask the Bailiff to...
text: JUDGE GOINES breaks off, eyes furious, as he spots BAILIFF CLAY,
text: the Court Reporter, DE TAGLIO and the SECOND BAILIFF engaged
text: in urgent whispering.
speaker_heading: JUDGE GOINES
dialog: DAMNIT! I SAID I WANTED ORDER!
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Sorry, your honor...
speaker_heading: SECOND BAILIFF
dialog: We got carried away.
speaker_heading: DETAGLIO
dialog: They found him.
speaker_heading: JUDGE GOINES
dialog: Found who?
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: The "Angel of Flight 104".
speaker_heading: SECOND BAILIFF
dialog: It was on the news! Just now! He's
dialog: gonna be on Channel Four at noon!
text: BERNIE reacts, jaw sagging in disbelief. The JUDGE sneaks a
text: hasty look at his watch.
speaker_heading: JUDGE GOINES
dialog: We'll sustain bail at twenty-five
dialog: thousand dollars. That ought to
dialog: keep Mister LaPlante out of trouble
dialog: for a minute or two...
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: But your honor, my client is a
dialog: responsible family man with limited
dialog: resources who...
text: [PAGE 66 IS MISSING FROM THE SCRIPT]
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: But finally you did come forward.
dialog: Why?
text: BUBBER looks her right in the eyes, gives a sheepish grin.
speaker_heading: BUBBER/TV
dialog: The money, Gale. I wouldn't have
dialog: come forward at all if it wasn't
dialog: for the reward.
speaker_heading: GALE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Cut right there, right on that look!
scene_heading: INT. EDIT BAY - DAY
text: REVEAL GALE in an editing room looking over editor JOAN'S
text: shoulder as JOAN freezes the image and makes a note.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: You didn't mention he was cute.
text: GALE is staring intently at BUBBER'S modest, humble face frozen
text: on the screen.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: He saved my life.
speaker_heading: VIDEO IMAGE (INT. TV STUDIO)
text: The humble, honest face of BUBBER, freeze framed as GALE'S
text: VOICE narrates...
speaker_heading: GALE/TV VOICE OVER
dialog: --were shocked to learn that the
dialog: hero who appeared out of the smoke
dialog: and the fire and pulled them to
dialog: safety was indigent and tragically
dialog: hadn't slept in a bed in more than
dialog: three years.
scene_heading: INT. DAY ROOM/JAIL - DAY
text: Seeing BUBBER'S honest face on the TV screen in the day room
text: enrages BERNIE...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: The guy's a fake, for Chrissake!
dialog: He's a goddamn homeless bum. He
dialog: ain't no here, trust me on this,
dialog: buddy.
text: PRISONERS, standing in a group under the TV turn from the screen
text: to BERNIE, like "who's this asshole?" A BIG PRISONER glares
text: at BERNIE ominously...
speaker_heading: BIG PRISONER
dialog: "Trust you"!
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE - DAY
text: The office has become command-central. REPORTERS hurry in and
text: out, tearing off faxes, answering the phones, chattering at each
text: other, GALE among them. WALLACE is fretting to DEAKINS...
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I thought they'd all go "It's him!
dialog: It's him!" and hug the guy or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Relax, Wally. He had the shoe and
text: the shoe checks out.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Does this mean I can stop worrying?
dialog: Where'd we put him?
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Drake Hotel, Penthouse Suite. Never
dialog: stop worrying. I figure we'll do
dialog: a sidebar on what it's like to go
dialog: from sleeping in your car and
dialog: collecting cans to sleeping in the
dialog: poshest suite in town. Also Gale's
text: onto something, digging into his
dialog: background.
text: PARKER rushes up to GALE...
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Excuse me, Ms. Gayley. That guy
dialog: Inspector Dayton... he's recovered
dialog: a bunch of your credit cards and
dialog: he wants...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Inspector Dayton, the cop from
dialog: Robbery Detail who was looking for
dialog: you. They caught the guy who stole
dialog: your credit cards trying to sell
dialog: them and he wants...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Nobody stole my credit cards. They
dialog: burned up in the crash. Which
dialog: reminds me, did you get me cash?
dialog: And what about the reservations?
scene_heading: [PAGES 69-71 ARE MISSING FROM THE SCRIPT]
scene_heading: INT. COMMON ROOM/JAIL - NIGHT
text: Surrounded by the jailhouse cacophony, BERNIE stares glumly at a
text: plate of shit on a shingle in front of him while close at hand a
text: TOUGH PRISONER snarls at ANOTHER PRISONER...
speaker_heading: TOUGH PRISONER #1
dialog: You mess with me, I'm gonna cut yer
dialog: heart out and eat it.
scene_heading: INT. FANCY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: The CAPTAIN finishes scribbling and seizes the menus.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Very good, sir. It's a special
dialog: privilege to serve you.
text: BUBBER smiles uneasily as the haughty CAPTAIN glides away.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Uh, er... I...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (amused and charmed)
dialog: You were saying you don't want a
dialog: million dollars.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (blurting)
dialog: Well, I'm not entitled to a million
dialog: dollars. I... I... didn't expect...
dialog: I didn't expect...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: All the adulation? It makes you
dialog: feel like a fake, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Uh, actually... yes... I... should
dialog: never have come forward and
dialog: presented myself as --
text: Just then a distinguished MILLIONAIRE on the way to his table
text: barks gruffly at BUBBER...
speaker_heading: MILLIONAIRE
dialog: You're a credit to the goddamn human
dialog: race. Coulda been me in that plane.
dialog: Or my family.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Uh, thank you.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Instant celebrity is overwhelming
dialog: to anybody. You've known John
dialog: Bubber all your life, you're used
dialog: to him, you know you're the same
dialog: human being you were before all the
dialog: excitement. So you feel like a
dialog: fraud...
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: ...unworthy of the adoration. We
dialog: all do.
text: A bluehaired MATRON, extravagantly bejeweled, pauses to loom
text: over BUBBER on her way out.
speaker_heading: MATRON
dialog: I'm going to donate a half million
dialog: to charity in your name. Would
dialog: small animals be all right?
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Uh, "small animals"?
speaker_heading: MATRON
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: I knew a man like you would adore
dialog: small animals. God bless you,
dialog: Mister Bubber.
dialog: (to Gale)
dialog: And you, my dear, you do so much
dialog: for women.
text: And then she's gone in a swish of silk, leaving BUBBER stunned.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Is she... serious? A half a million
dialog: dollars? In my behalf?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: You're a celebrity, John. People
dialog: are going to want to please you...
dialog: or use you... or both.
text: Bubber hears this, digests it, considers it. He takes a bite
text: of food, thinking.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: As the door to the restaurant opens, BUBBER finds himself
text: blinded by winking electronic flashes and sun guns. A CROWD
text: OF FANS and MEDIA engulf him and GALE. It's overwhelming. WE
text: SEE EAGER FACES and BLINDING FLASHES from BUBBER'S P.O.V. and
text: HEAR the CACOPHONY OF QUESTIONS.
text: GALE too is adrift in a churning sea of MEDIA and ONLOOKERS.
text: POLICE OFFICERS move close to help guide GALE and BUBBER to a
text: waiting limo.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER'S P.O.V.
text: Again we see the chaos from BUBBER'S P.O.V., A POLICEMAN is
text: reaching to help him. Just then BUBBER glimpses something
text: else... beyond the CROWD in the fringes... HOMELESS PEOPLE in
text: the shadows, some applauding him, too shy to come forward. In
text: particular, BUBBER'S eyes fall on an ungainly MAN, his own age,
text: dressed in rags and carrying a big garbage bag and another net
text: sack full of cans. IT'S A STUNNING IMAGE! It's as though
text: BUBBER is looking at himself!
text: The door to the limo is open. GALE and several POLICEMEN are
text: trying to get BUBBER into the limo and out of the clutches of
text: the enthusiastic CROWD.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Come on, John.
text: But BUBBER isn't paying attention to her. He's turning to face
text: the eager CROWD, raising his arms.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Hey, hey, uh, take it easy.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: looking alarmed, then amazed.
text: The CROWD is still alive and buzzing, but they're respecting
text: BUBBER'S space as he accepts an autograph book from a young
text: woman, SYLVIA, and speaks shyly.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: You, uh, want me to sign this? Uh,
dialog: what's your name?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (weak in the knees,
dialog: smitten)
dialog: S-sylvia.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (almost shy)
dialog: Hey, if I sign this, will you do
dialog: me a favor?
text: Her COMPANIONS are already teasing her as they thrust pieces of
text: paper, magazines at him to sign.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: watching in disbelief.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: signing one after another as he addresses all those close to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: What I'd like is...
dialog: (addressing the group)
dialog: -- maybe some of the rest of you
dialog: could help Sylvia here -- what I'd
dialog: like is if you'd scrounge up some
dialog: blankets -- used ones, fifty maybe
dialog: -- and take 'em to the folks down
text: at the corner of Fifth and Grand.
dialog: Pass 'em out.
text: Cameras are rolling, GALE watches, amazed.
speaker_heading: FAT KID
dialog: Fifth and Grand!
speaker_heading: SKINNY KID
dialog: He means the homeless people. The
dialog: bums.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
text: It gets cold down there at night.
dialog: And you'll feel warmer for every
dialog: person you give a blanket to.
text: GALE'S knits her brow, trying to reconcile this performance with
text: the apparent yokel she had dinner with a short time ago.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO/MOVING - MOMENTS LATER
text: BUBBER looks back at the CROWD as the limo pulls away.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: I'll bet they do it. I'll bet they
dialog: get some blankets.
text: GALE looks at BUBBER, reevaluating him.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - LATER - NIGHT
text: As BUBBER and GALE cross the luxurious lobby, again the center
text: of attention, a GORGEOUS BLONDE, very leggy, practically
text: plasters her plunging neckline against BUBBER.
speaker_heading: GORGEOUS BLONDE
dialog: Uplifting! What you did was so
dialog: uplifting! You're a saint, John
dialog: Bubber!
text: BUBBER has trouble untangling his eyes from her tits.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Uh, no. But I, uh, wonder if you
dialog: could up support... support a
dialog: program to help the needy and...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (hackles raised)
dialog: John, I'm sure she could support
dialog: just about anything.
dialog: (steering him away)
dialog: I think I'll see you to your room.
dialog: A sort of bodyguard. Make sure no
dialog: harm comes to you.
text: GALE ushers the dazed BUBBER toward a bank of elevators and
text: prevents others from joining them in the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - SECONDS LATER
text: GALE'S mood changes to amusement as she and BUBBER ascend alone.
text: Giggling, she "points" her chest at BUBBER.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Uh, if you could, just, uh, support,
dialog: uh, a small airfield...
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: It's been sometime since, uh, I
dialog: received any, uh, of that kind of,
dialog: uh... attention. A couple of...
dialog: years.
text: GALE stops giggling. Their eyes meet. A charged moment.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Years?
dialog: (then...)
dialog: There are going to be lots of...
dialog: opportunities.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Gale... you're a very nice person.
dialog: I wouldn't want to hurt you... in
dialog: any way...
text: They're struggling against an embrace that seems inevitable...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I... I know that, John...
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: You... you think I saved your...
dialog: life. I can't take advantage....
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: You did save my life! And it's me!
dialog: I'd be taking advantage of you! I'm
dialog: a reporter, John, an experienced
dialog: professional... I...
text: Inevitably they embrace, KISS, can't help themselves.
text: BUBBER disengages suddenly, distraught.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: I... no... I don't have the right...
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: No, I don't have the right. You're
dialog: a news story!
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Uh, right. A... news story.
text: She pushes him out the elevator door.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I know the truth, John. I'm flying
dialog: in some guys from your unit in
dialog: Vietnam tomorrow. Interviewing them
dialog: live on network hookup!
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Vietnam!
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Goodnight, John.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM/DRAKE SUITE
text: BUBBER wanders into the bedroom of the fabulous suite... in
text: a daze. He stares at BERNIE'S shoes on the floor. He shakes
text: his head as if to clear it.
scene_heading: TELEVISION SCREEN: INT. TV STUDIO - DAY
text: A fortyish black man, TOM WELLER, appears on the screen...
speaker_heading: TOM/TV
dialog: Next thing I know, I'm in this
dialog: medical unit an' I see the other
dialog: dude, the one who was with me when
dialog: we got jumped, the one who I thought
text: was dead. There he is in the next
dialog: bed. I says "How'd we get here,
dialog: brother? We dead or what?"
dialog: He says, "That crazy white brother,
dialog: Johnny Bubber, he come back for us,
dialog: hauled us out." He shoulda been
dialog: wrote up, got a medal, but it was
dialog: fate. Wasn't no officers around
dialog: to observe it or nothing.
scene_heading: TELEVISION SCREEN: INT. TV STUDIO - DAY
text: A fortyish redneck type, CHARLIE BACON, is speaking to camera.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE/TV SCREEN
text: The sonofagun goes out in the
text: paddies, pulling us outta there,
dialog: one after the other, six guys. Hey,
dialog: it don't surprise me one bit it was
dialog: Johnny Bubber went into that plane!
speaker_heading: BERNIE VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Fifty bucks says the asshole was
dialog: never even in Vietnam.
scene_heading: INT. DAY ROOM JAIL - DAY
text: BERNIE is furious, glaring at the TV, surrounded by PRISONERS.
speaker_heading: TOUGH PRISONER #2
dialog: Shut your face, dirt bag... That
dialog: guy's a goddamn hero and you're
dialog: nothin' but a cynical little turd.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN (INT. TV STUDIO - DAY)
text: BUBBER is embracing WELLER, CHARLIE and several other VETERANS
text: as GALE narrates...
speaker_heading: GALE/VOICE OVER/TV
text: After an emotional reunion, Bubber's
dialog: fellow veterans watched as station
dialog: manager James Wallace presented
dialog: Bubber with a check for one million
dialog: dollars...
text: Surrounded by applauding MEDIA TYPES, SPECTATORS and VETERANS,
text: BUBBER is accepting the check...
speaker_heading: GALE/TV
dialog: As Bubber reacted to his sudden
dialog: wealth, word came that the
dialog: Secretary of the Army, responding
dialog: to an urgent resolution from the
dialog: Senate has conferred on John
dialog: Bubber the Medal of Honor.
dialog: This for his actions in Vietnam more
dialog: than 20 years ago, heroism that was
dialog: not acknowledged at the time because
dialog: it was not witnessed or reported
dialog: by a ranking officer. Later I spoke
dialog: to him about his sudden change in
dialog: circumstances...
text: BUBBER appears full screen, head and shoulders, interview
text: footage. He's shy and awkward at first... tentative... then
text: gaining confidence as he speaks...
speaker_heading: BUBBER/TV
dialog: Well, I don't feel... right... about
dialog: all that money, Miss Gayley. That's
dialog: too much money for one person. What
dialog: I'm gonna do is donate, uh, most
dialog: of it to different organizations
dialog: like the Homeless Vets and stuff,
dialog: and start up some programs... to
dialog: help people. See, when you're out
dialog: there in the cold like I was, on
dialog: the streets or sleeping under
dialog: bridges or in your car, the worst
dialog: thing, even worse than the hunger
dialog: and the cold, is the... feeling...
dialog: that you're just plain... useless.
dialog: You don't matter to a single soul
dialog: in this world, nobody needs you,
dialog: nobody wants you.
scene_heading: MONTAGE: TELEVISION SCREEN AND VIEWERS
text: BUBBER'S INTERVIEW appears on screens in...
speaker_heading: -HOME
speaker_heading: -MOTEL ROOM
speaker_heading: -WHITE HOUSE
text: The PRESIDENT watching.
scene_heading: -CHEAP HOTEL LOBBY
scene_heading: -SHADOW LOUNGE
text: CHICK watching.
speaker_heading: -JAIL
text: BERNIE watching.
scene_heading: -EVELYN'S LIVING ROOM
text: JOEY, EVELYN, and ELLIOT watching.
speaker_heading: -PRISON
text: INMATES, their tough faces momentarily solemn, watching.
scene_heading: -WINSTON'S APARTMENT
text: WINSTON smacks the TV he bought from Bernie to adjust the color.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN (INT. TV STUDIO - DAY)
speaker_heading: BUBBER/TV
dialog: I guess when I... did what I
dialog: did... I was trying to save my
dialog: own life more than anything else.
dialog: Trying to connect myself with
dialog: people again and be... part of the
dialog: whole. You have to help others
dialog: to do that, you need a role to,
dialog: play... even if it's a very humble
dialog: role, it gives you self worth.
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE
dialog: (NOTE: Bubber dialogue, additional or as above continues
dialog: throughout scene)
text: GALE, her editor, JOAN, DEAKINS, WALLACE, CHUCKY, PARKER, and
text: CONKLIN are crowded around the monitor staring at the screen.
text: JOAN catches GALE surreptitiously hiding a tear and whispers
dialog: to her...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Is he like that in real life? So
dialog: gorgeous?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: He's pretty... remarkable.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (eyes widening at the
dialog: thought)
dialog: You didn't... get it on with him?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Don't be ridiculous. I'm a reporter.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Reporters don't have hormones?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Reporters... have to... rise above
dialog: their hormones.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DEAKINS, WALLACE
text: reacting to BUBBER on TV. WALLACE is impressed.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: The guy's... a natural.
text: DEAKINS rolls his eyes, a cynical, hardened newsman.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TV SCREEN (INT. TV STUDIO - DAY)
speaker_heading: GALE/TV/VOICE OVER
dialog: I asked John Bubber about the
dialog: Medal of Honor.
speaker_heading: BUBBER/TV
dialog: As far as the medal goes, well...
dialog: that medal's for something me and
dialog: my buddies did almost twenty years
dialog: ago in Viet Nam. So if I'm a war
dialog: hero today then I was a war hero
dialog: last week when I was selling cans
dialog: and sleeping in my car... when I
dialog: didn't have a medal. I don't think
dialog: a medal makes a hero. You don't
dialog: need machinegun fire or burning
dialog: planes to be... brave. People do
dialog: heroic acts every day only there's
dialog: nobody around to take their picture
dialog: or decorate them. Little things
dialog: can be heroic. Helping someone
dialog: day in and day out, giving up your
dialog: life a little every day instead
dialog: of all at once... to help.
dialog: Maybe... maybe we're all heroes.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE - DAY
text: Across the nation solemn FACES reflect the glow of the TV screen.
text: YOUNG FACES, OLD FACES, BLACK, WHITE, BROWN, YELLOW...
speaker_heading: -HOME
speaker_heading: -BARBERSHOP
scene_heading: -ELECTRONICS SHOWROOM
speaker_heading: -BAR
speaker_heading: -JAIL CELL
scene_heading: -SKID ROW HOTEL LOBBY
scene_heading: INT. DAY ROOM - JAIL - DAY
text: ...And BERNIE LAPLANTE'S FACE. He's glaring at the screen in
text: the Day Room of the Jail, sputtering helplessly...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: We're all heroes, huh? Asshole!
text: Just then a GUARD enters the Day Room and belows...
speaker_heading: GUARD
scene_heading: LAPLANTE, BERNARD. LAPLANTE?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Ya made bail, Ace. C'mon, let's
dialog: go.
text: BERNIE looks startled.
scene_heading: WELLESIAN VIDEO - TV SCREEN
text: News coverage of the crash and photos of Bubber are ZOOMED,
text: DISSOLVED, WHIRLED and SPUN into a glittering promo while a
text: stentorian WELLESIAN VOICE brays excitedly...
speaker_heading: WELLESIAN VOICE/TV
dialog: John Bubber himself! Along with
dialog: twenty of the real survivors of
dialog: flight 104! See the real life
dialog: participants re-enact the
dialog: terrifying drama inside the
text: burning plane.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE/DRAKE HOTEL - DAY
text: BUBBER is staring at the TV screen wide-eyed with amazement
text: as the promo continues on the screen
speaker_heading: ON SCREEN (WELLESIAN VIDEO)
speaker_heading: WELLESIAN VOICE/TV
text: Out of the darkness, out of the
text: fire, out of a nightmare of
dialog: fear... came The Angel of Flight
dialog: 104. John Bubber saved fifty-four
dialog: people. This is his story and
text: theirs. A drama featuring the
dialog: actual people who actually lived
dialog: those moments of terror. No
dialog: make-up, no music, no actors.
dialog: This is the real thing. Thursday
dialog: night. Channel-Four. Be there!
text: On Screen the Channel Four logo blends exotically with "The
dialog: Image".
scene_heading: INT. SUITE/DRAKE HOTEL - DAY
text: A dismayed BUBBER dials the telephone.
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE - A LITTLE LATER - DAY
text: DEAKINS and WALLACE walk, deep in conversation, WALLACE upset.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Upset! What's he upset about?
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Said he's not an actor.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: He's not supposed to be an actor,
dialog: that's the whole point. He's a real
dialog: life hero, all he has to do is act
dialog: like a real life hero. That's the
dialog: beauty of the concept, the whole
dialog: freshness of it. Did she call
dialog: him back?
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
text: She's talking to him now.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: We paid him a million dollars.
dialog: You'd think he'd want to cooperate
dialog: a little, help our ratings.
text: DEAKINS responds eagerly to GALE entering the office.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: He'll do it.
dialog: (to Wallace)
dialog: You really-should have talked to
dialog: him first.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: He might have said no.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/HALL OF JUSTICE - DAY
text: BERNIE charging through the crowded Waiting Room having just
text: been released on bail. He doesn't actually shove the WOMEN and
text: CHILDREN waiting to visit inmates out of the way, but he doesn't
text: slow down either as he weaves rapidly among them with DONNA on
text: his heels, barely able to keep pace. He doesn't look back as
text: he speaks rapid-fire. He's really pissed.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Whaddaya mean they didn't reduce
dialog: the bail? If they didn't reduce
dialog: it, how'dja spring me?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (a deep breath,
dialog: embarrassed)
dialog: I took a loan on my car and my
dialog: computer.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (actually stops, faces
dialog: her)
dialog: You whaaaaaat? You paid it? You
dialog: gave a bondsman ten percent?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I was inspired by the hero, how he
dialog: stuck his neck out for others, how
dialog: he took a chance...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (apoplectic)
dialog: That fake inspired you to loan a
dialog: guy who's been fired off his job
dialog: twenty-five hundred goddamn dollars?
dialog: A guy you say is probably gonna do
dialog: time! You're s'posed to be an
dialog: attorney for Chrissake! You're
dialog: s'posed to have good judgment!
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (fighting tears)
dialog: Well, as you like to point out,
dialog: Mister LaPlante, I'm relatively
dialog: inexperienced. My naivete may have
dialog: worked to your benefit in this
dialog: instance.
text: BERNIE frowns at that, starts walking again.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Well, you're right, I'm glad you
dialog: got me out, I appreciate that.
text: BERNIE charges out the door, exiting the building with DONNA
text: right behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. HALL OF JUSTICE - DAY
text: Hurrying down the steps, BERNIE barks over his shoulder at
speaker_heading: DONNA.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Listen, now that I owe you
dialog: twenty-five hundred bucks plus, how
dialog: about loaning me twenty for cab
dialog: fare?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: So you can call me "naive," Mister
dialog: LaPlante.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey, you could call me "Bernie,"
dialog: forget the "Mister LaPlante" stuff.
text: (seeing Donna open her
dialog: wallet)
dialog: You are naive.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I read the probation report. It's
dialog: not good. I think you're going...
dialog: going to prison, Mister... Bernie.
dialog: I know that scares you but..
speaker_heading: BERNIE
scene_heading: TAXI! HEY, TAXI!
dialog: (turning on her)
dialog: Well, at least I'm gonna get my
dialog: goddamn million bucks.
dialog: (screaming at a cab)
scene_heading: TAXI FOR CHRISSAKE!
text: A cab pulls to the curb and BERNIE jumps in, talking.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I seen on the TV where that
dialog: do-gooder asshole's gonna go visit
text: sick kids at three-thirty.
dialog: (to the Cabbie)
text: Children's Hospital, on the double.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: You mean John Bubber?
text: BERNIE speaks out the window of the cab as it pulls away.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (then, through the
dialog: window)
dialog: That bozo don't just owe me a
dialog: million bucks for my shoe, he's a
dialog: goddamn menace! Look what he done
dialog: to you! He's makin' people insane.
dialog: He's a whacko, he' gotta be stopped.
text: Stunned, DONNA watches the cab disappear in traffic with BERNIE
text: raving from the open window.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL - LATER (DAY)
text: Limos are parked out front of the hospital and there is a
text: gathering of TV vans as BERNIE exits a cab and charges toward
text: the entrance of the hospital, a tiny figure dwarfed by the huge
text: building. He disappears inside.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
text: We discover BERNIE wandering around, lost. A NURSE gives him
text: a glance in passing and BERNIE suddenly is aware that his
text: appearance is unusual. Disheveled. Unshaven. He tries to
text: smooth his hair a little as he turns into a doorway.
scene_heading: INT. SPECIAL CHILDREN'S WARD/CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
text: Stepping through the door BERNIE is immediately horror stricken.
text: Rows of beds. A room full of seriously SICK CHILDREN. Palsied.
text: Eyes out of sync. Motor disorders, spasms. Terrifying
text: paraphenalia... tubes, machines, monitors, bags of fluid. A
text: place of sUffering. To BERNIE it's a vision of a leper colony!
text: A SEVEN YEAR OLD spots him, clutches at him with clawlike hands,
text: jerky movements.
text: BERNIE recoils in horror, backing away.
text: A FIVE YEAR OLD, "blinded" by the gauze wrapped around his face
text: "looks" toward BERNIE and speaks.
speaker_heading: "BLIND" CHILD'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Is that him? Is he here yet, Miss
dialog: Roberts?
text: An EIGHT YEAR OLD with a bandaged arm responds, looking at
speaker_heading: BERNIE.
speaker_heading: EIGHT YEAR OLD
dialog: Naw, it's just some guy.
text: A nurse MISS ROBERTS, appears from behind a curtain suddenly
text: and restrains the SEVEN YEAR OLD as she addresses BERNIE...
speaker_heading: MISS ROBERTS
dialog: Excuse me, sir. Can I help you?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Uh, well I... what I...
text: Looks "wrong," acts "wrong." Looks like a child molester!
speaker_heading: MISS ROBERTS
dialog: You'll have to leave, ,sir. This
dialog: ward is off limits. If you want
dialog: to arrange a visit...
text: Just then a couple of CAMERAMEN back through the door shooting.
text: It's the head end of an entourage of REPORTERS, CAMERAMEN,
text: HOSPITAL PERSONNEL and a couple of SECURITY GUYS that are
text: traveling with BUBBER.
text: BERNIE is bumped backward by a CAMERAMAN just as he sees BUBBER
text: enter surrounded by MEDIA PEOPLE.
speaker_heading: BERNIE'S P.O.V.
text: seeing BUBBER unhesitatingly reach out to the grotesque SEVEN
text: YEAR OLD and lift him into is arms, eyes shining with warmth,
text: smiling genuinely like he likes picking up hideous looking kids.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MISS ROBERTS
text: tapping one of the SECURITY OFFICERS on the shoulder and
text: indicating BERNIE to him.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: remembering why he's here. It's not going to be as easy as he
text: thought. He starts to move through the entourage looking very
text: out of place.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Excuse me, pal. Uh, couldja lemmee
dialog: through here? Thanks I...
text: THE SECURITY OFFICER is suddenly between BERNIE and his
dialog: destination.
speaker_heading: SECURITY OFFICER
dialog: You gotta press pass, sir?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Press pass? Uh, hey, I lost it.
dialog: Listen...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: holding the SEVEN YEAR OLD. Smiling broadly, the child radiates
text: joy in the warmth of BUBBER'S embrace, his grotesqueness
text: miraculously minimized by his mood.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (O.S., diminishing)
scene_heading: GETCHER GODDAMN HANDS OFFA ME. ALL
text: I WANNA DO IS TALK TO THE GUY.
text: BUBBER and everybody turn toward the sound of the commotion.
speaker_heading: BUBBER'S P.O.V.
text: of an unidentified MAN (BERNIE), obscured by the bodies of the
text: two SECURITY OFFICERS who are hurriedly hustling him off the
dialog: ward.
speaker_heading: BERNIE (O.S.)
text: HEY, HOLD ON, BUDDY. THIS IS
text: AMERICA FOR CHRISSAKE! I GOT
speaker_heading: RIGHTS!
speaker_heading: BUBBER
text: is frowning when a DOCTOR reassures him...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: All under control. An unfortunate
dialog: man. Security will look after him.
text: BUBBER nods and turns back to SICK KIDS who seem transfigured
text: from BERNIE'S gruesome vision to children radiant with hope.
dialog: Much of their appearance, at least, was attitude, despair.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: A solitary figure.
scene_heading: INT. WARD/HOSPITAL - DAY
text: A 14 year old ALLEN lies comatose in an intensive care room,
text: tubes in his nose, arms, and chest, monitors all around him,his
text: arms and legs in casts and traction.
text: BUBBER leans over the unconscious boy speaking intensely while a
text: DOCTOR hovers next to him and REPORTERS and CAMERAMEN jockey for
text: position at the foot of the bed.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Listen, kid, you gotta hang on.
dialog: I know you're scared, we all get
dialog: scared, but that's when you have
dialog: to fight...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR.
dialog: I'm afraid he can't hear you. He...
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: He can hear me...
text: As he leans closer to ALLEN, BUBBER puts a hand out without
text: turning away from the boy,and waves away CHUCKY who has oozed
text: in close with his camera. This is private. Understanding, GALE
text: puts a hand on the lens and pushes the camera aside.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Listen...
dialog: (eyes flicking to
dialog: Allen's I.D. bracelet)
dialog: Allen, you're in the darkness there
dialog: and it's scary. The doctors are
dialog: working on you but the tough part
dialog: is for you. You can't quit!
text: GALE can't hear what BUBBER is saying as he leans even closer
text: to ALLEN and grips the boy's hand.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BUBBER AND ALLEN
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: I know you don't know it, but
dialog: you're a hero. Sometimes you
dialog: don't know how brave you are...
dialog: and sometimes you don't know...
dialog: you can do something... until
dialog: you... until you surprise yourself
dialog: and... do it. But I know you've
dialog: got the stuff, I know it in my
dialog: heart. I want you to struggle
dialog: kid... for yourself, for all of
dialog: us.
dialog: (vulnerable)
dialog: For me. I... I really need you
dialog: to do this for me. I need you to
dialog: get well, Allen.
dialog: Did an eyelid flicker? Did the boy hear?
text: GALE'S eyes glisten with emotion as BUBBER rises, shaken.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: A CROWD is waiting for BUBBER, MEDIA PERSONNEL among them.
text: BERNIE comes up behind a TV CAMERAMAN and taps his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey, buddy, you're with the media,
dialog: right? I got a story for you.
dialog: Something fantastic. That guy
dialog: Bubber, he's a fake, he...
text: THE CAMERAMAN is turning to consider BERNIE when there's a
text: sudden EXCITEMENT. The CROWD surges toward the hospital
text: entrance. VOICES cry out "He's coming! Here he comes!"
text: THE CAMERAMAN turns toward the doors leaving BERNIE helpless,
text: caught in a surging tide of people.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
text: HEY! WATCH OUT! HOLD ON! FOR
speaker_heading: CHRISSAKE!
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY/CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL - DAY
text: BUBBER and his entourage of DOCTORS, MEDIA PEOPLE and SECURITY
text: GUARDS are surging toward the front door of the hospital like
text: an excited amoeba. GALE is close to BUBBER in the crush.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: You were... very... inspiring.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: A script! I thought we just walked
dialog: through everything...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Read it. It'll be fine.
text: They're being swept through the front door of the hospital, the
text: whole amoeba. A CHEER GOES UP.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT STEPS/HOSPITAL - DAY
text: BERNIE is being tossed about like a cork in stormy seas.
text: Buffeted about by happy ONLOOKERS full of good will, only BERNIE
text: is surly, obnoxious.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Quit shovin', lady. Hey, watch yer
dialog: elbow. YOU'RE ALL NUTS FOR CRYING
text: OUT LOUD! WHATSA MATTER WITH YOU?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: being jostled as his BODYGUARDS are shoved back into him,
text: CAMERAS push toward his face, HANDS reach out desperately for
text: him. But, in a dramatic contrast to BERNIE, BUBBER thrives on
text: the energy, laughing, reaching out to touch the hands that reach
text: for him, thriving on the vibe.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: I LOVE YOU, JOHN BUBBER!
speaker_heading: BUBBER
text: HEY, WE ALL LOVE EACH OTHER, DON'T
speaker_heading: WE?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN ONE
dialog: GOD BLESS YOU, JOHN! GOD BLESS YOU!
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: GOD BLESS US ALL!
speaker_heading: BERNIE'S VOICE (O.S.)
text: YA GODDAMN PHONY!
text: BUBBER stiffens imperceptibly. Dld he hear that right? Was
text: there a discordant note in the cacophony' of VOICES singing his
dialog: praises from every direction?
speaker_heading: BUBBER'S POV
text: A sea of shining faces filled with love and admiration surges
text: in front of him. And yet, that VOICE again, a sour note of
dialog: contraction...
speaker_heading: BERNIE'S VOICE (O.S.)
scene_heading: BUBBER, YA GODDAMN FRAUD! THAT'S
dialog: MY SHOE AND MY MONEY!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: Hearing it, looking around urgently, but all he sees are
text: ADMIRERS thrusting at him as he's borne, as if on a tide, toward
text: his limo. Nobody else seems to have noticed BERNIE'S VOICE.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING LIMO
text: As the door slams shut, the cheering is suddenly faint. BUBBER
text: sinks back in the opulent seats while FACES distort themselves
text: against the smoked glass, trying to peer into the sanctuary.
text: Then, as the limo pulls away, BUBBER hears the VOICE again
text: muffled by the thick glass. He turns, looks out the rear
text: window. He sees the CROWD receding behind him, a confusion of
dialog: SPECTATORS and... is that that hitchhiker (BERNIE) being
dialog: restrained by a COP?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: Shaken and frowning with concern, he turns away from the scene
text: now out of view behind the moving limo.
text: Alone in the luxurious leathered sanctuary, he realizes his
text: hands are shaking as he reaches for the manila envelope GALE gave;
text: him and tears it open.
text: He stares at the script titled THE ANGEL OF FLIGHT 104.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL - DAY
text: As the happy CROWD disperses, an enraged BERNIE is facing a COP.
speaker_heading: BERNIE.
dialog: Don't tell me what I can and can't
dialog: say. This is America.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Hey, suit yourself, buddy. If it
dialog: makes you feel better to insult a
dialog: man who's worth about a thousand
dialog: of you, go ahead. Like he says,
dialog: "We're all heroes," pal. Even you.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Bullshit! What a lotta bullshit!
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Okay, have it your own way: you're
dialog: not a hero.
text: [PAGE 92 IS MISSING FROM THE SCRIPT.]
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: blinking, as the T-shirts magically feature BUBBER again,
text: smiling, heroic. BERNIE wonders if this is hell.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Behind the deserted bar, CHICK looks from the TV set as BERNIE
text: enters, weary and bedraggled, the strut gone. Bernie holds up
text: his hands defensively.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey, I don't blame you for bein'
dialog: sore. I know I screwed up gettin'
dialog: busted in here. You got a right
dialog: to throw me out.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: I'm not gonna throw you out, Bernie.
text: CHICK is fixing a seven and seven. He puts it on the bar.
text: BERNIE hesitates, then steps to the bar, takes a drink.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Thanks, Chick. I appreciate it.
speaker_heading: REPORTER/TV (O.S., VOICEOVER)
dialog: The doctors who had believed the
dialog: boy had little or no chance for
dialog: survival, now predict a slow but
dialog: complete recovery.
text: CHICK glances up at the TV screen and BERNIE looks too.
scene_heading: ON THE TV SCREEN (INT. WARD/HOSPITAL - DAY)
text: news footage shows young ALLEN in his hospital bed, still
text: engulfed in tubes and life support equipment, but conscious now,
text: smiling bravely for the CAMERA while a REPORTER narrates.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CHICK
text: eyes on the TV, shaking his head in wonder.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Helluva guy, ain't he? Vietnam,
text: plane crash, now miracles.
text: BERNIE stares at the screen lost in thought.
scene_heading: EXT. VIDEO STUDIO - DUSK
text: A sign over the door says "STAGE ONE/CHANNEL 4." Further down,
text: on the door itself a sign says "NO ADMITTANCE/ AUTHORIZED
scene_heading: PERSONNEL ONLY"
text: UNIFORMED POLICE linger around the door, surrounded by FANS and
text: BUBBER'S limo waits at the curb, his DRIVER lounging by the
dialog: door.
text: DAYTON (we saw him earlier in the courtroom), is making his way
text: through the knot of ONLOOKERS and MEDIA PERSONNEL gathered
text: around the limo and in front of the entrance.
text: Approaching as if to enter, he is confronted by one of the
text: several UNIFORMED POLICEMEN guarding the doorway.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Sorry, sir. Closed to the public..
dialog: (Dayton is reaching for
dialog: his fold)
dialog: No media either, sir, they're taping
dialog: a show and... Oh, right. Sorry
dialog: about that, Inspector.
text: DAYTON is flashing his badge fold as the POLICEMAN hastily opens
text: the door for him.
scene_heading: INT. STAGE ONE - NIGHT
text: DAYTON enters the sound stage and sees the mock-up bathed in
text: hot light in the middle of the darkened stage, surrounded by
text: shadowy cameras and TECHNICIANS. The SURVIVORS are visible in
text: the skeletal plane, rehearsing.
text: DAYTON settles in the shadows, out of earShot, watching.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: Approaching GALE who's lying "helplessly" among the seats. He
text: looms over her, his face obscured by "mud" make-up, hesitates.
text: She whispers helpfully...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Now you lean down and free me from
dialog: the seat. I was caught and...
dialog: that's it. Good.
text: BUBBER bends down, starts to "free" her, a troubled look on his
text: face. He is struggling with something emotionally.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Now you help me up. Boy, you
dialog: seem... taller. It must be
dialog: psychological... now that I know
dialog: you saved my life...
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (lifting her)
dialog: Gale! I can't go through with this!
dialog: It's... it's all wrong!'
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: You're doing fine. You didn't
dialog: actually lift me though. It was
dialog: more like you supported me.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (supporting her)
dialog: That's not what I mean...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: There, like that. Kind of, uh,
dialog: sexy.
dialog: (with meaning)
dialog: You can support me anytime, John.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Gale...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (giggle)
dialog: I just remembered. You were
dialog: talking about bodybuilding and
text: swearing.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Bodybuilding!
text: THE DIRECTOR'S VOICE booms over the speaker from the booth.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: WE DON'T WANT ACTING, AS I SAID.
text: BUT WHEN WE DO A TAKE, GUYS, PLEASE
text: DON'T LAUGH, OKAY? IT HAS TO PLAY
text: SERIOUS. IT WAS A VERY SERIOUS
dialog: THING...
dialog: (a beat, then...)
dialog: UH, ALSO, JOHN, MAYBE YOU COULD LIFT
text: HER MORE, SORT OF CARRY HER. I KNOW
text: THAT MAY BE BENDING REALITY JUST
dialog: A TEENSY BIT, BUT IF YOUR
scene_heading: JOURNALIST'S INTEGRITY CAN HANDLE
text: IT, GALE, I THINK IT WOULD "PLAY
text: BETTER" ON THE SCREEN.
dialog: (then, to all of
dialog: them...)
text: OKAY, GANG, LET'S RUN THROUGH IT
text: FROM THE TOP ONE MORE TIME, THEN
dialog: WE'LL DO A TAKE.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DAYTON
text: Watching, impassive.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: Lifting GALE, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: It's not right, Gale...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (misunderstanding again)
dialog: It's no big deal, it just looks
dialog: better carrying me. Oh, you mean
dialog: because I wasn't carrying my purse
dialog: at the time.
text: GALE has a purse under one arm.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (suddenly serious, eye
dialog: contact)
dialog: You're an inspiration, John. You're
dialog: making us better human beings. Less
text: cynical. More open, more giving.
dialog: Do you realize that?
text: BUBBER starts to say something again, but the moment for
text: confession has passed, they're approaching LESLIE who is
text: applauding along with the other SURVIVORS, tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: You leave her here... and you (sob)
dialog: go back in again.
text: BUBBER nods and starts grimly back up the slope, trapped in his
dialog: heroic role.
scene_heading: INT. SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: BERNIE is sitting moodily at the bar while CHICK washes glasses
text: and the TV DRONES. BERNIE is wrestling with a thought. He
text: breaks the, silence finally.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: What wouldja say if I toldja I ran
dialog: into a burning plane an' saved a
dialog: buncha people, Chick, an' risked
dialog: my goddamnlife?
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: You mean like Bubber? The hero?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Yeah, like that. Same thing.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Well... I mean... what am I supposed
dialog: to say here, Bern? Is this a riddle
dialog: or what?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I mean, if I said it, wouldja
dialog: believe me?
dialog: (then...)
dialog: Ya wouldn't, would ya?
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: It's a character thing, Bernie.
dialog: I mean, you wouldn't do it. No
dialog: offense. Me neither. I mean, a guy
dialog: like Bubber, he's a certain kinda
dialog: guy. Heroic. You and me, we're
dialog: not... heroic. It's not our nature.
dialog: It don't mean we're bad or nothing.
dialog: We're just not so inclined. What
dialog: about it?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Nothin'.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: I wouldn't be depressed about it,
dialog: Bern. A guy don't have to be heroic
dialog: to be a human being.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: The thing is, Chick. I'm goin'
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Down. You mean jail? For that
dialog: credit card stuff? For Chrissake,
dialog: Bernie, your lawyer...
speaker_heading: BERNIE,
dialog: Not jail. Prison. And not that
dialog: credit card bullshit, that's
dialog: nothin'. I got a conviction.
dialog: Sentencing tomorrow. Some cases
dialog: of paint I got involved with.
dialog: Latex. I see this parole officer,
dialog: he writes a report to the judge says
dialog: I'm "anti-social."
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: "Anti-social." Jesus, Bernie.
dialog: How much paint are we talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: A lot.
scene_heading: INT. STAGE ONE - NIGHT
text: DAYTON unnoticed among the shadows, as the YOUTHFUL DIRECTOR
text: addresses the assembled SURVIVORS. DAYTON focuses on GALE.
speaker_heading: YOUTHFUL DIRECTOR
dialog: That's a wrap, guys. I want to
dialog: thank you all. I think we did
dialog: something very important here this
dialog: evening.
text: BUBBER is looking for GALE, spots her fifteen yards away.
scene_heading: BUBBER'S P.O.V. - A BLACK MAN
text: is showing GALE something, a badge fold, saying something to
dialog: her.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: reacting. A frown. he starts to move toward them but a MAKE-UP
text: ARTIST approaches him insistently...
scene_heading: MAKE-UP ARTIST
dialog: Just let me get that gunk off your
dialog: face, Mister Bubber.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Uh, it can wait, I...
text: His eyes on GALE and DAYTON, BUBBER is disengaging from the
text: MAKE-UP ARTIST when SUSAN suddenly blocks his way, holding up
text: a DOLL, a shy KELLY in tow.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Mister Bubber... uh, John... Kelly
dialog: wants you to sign an autograph for
dialog: John Jr.
text: BUBBER finds himself facing a JOHN BUBBER DOLL, sees KELLY
text: peering up at him hopefully. What can he do? He's a patsy.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: as DAYTON speaks to her.
speaker_heading: DAYTON
dialog: Won't take more than ten minutes.
dialog: Fifteen at the most. I'll buy you,
text: a cuppa coffee down the street.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: Handing the autograph to KELLY and looking toward the spot where
dialog: GALE was.
scene_heading: BUBBER'S P.O.V. - DAYTON AND GALE
text: walking toward the exit.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: calling out, starting after them.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Gale!
text: Just then SMITH rushes up to him, blocking his way.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I breathe, I see the sun, I thank
dialog: you. God bless you. I'm alive
dialog: because of you, every moment of life
dialog: I owe to you.
text: BUBBER looks at his grateful face. What can he say? He looks
text: toward the exit.
speaker_heading: BUBBER'S P.O.V.
text: GALE and DAYTON have disappeared.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: eyes full of despair as other grateful PASSENGERS engulf him...
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - LATER (EVENING)
text: Credit Cards are spread out on the formica table top in the
text: booth where GALE and DAYTON face each other.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: How... how does this, whatsisname,
dialog: the "sleazebag," say he got my
dialog: cards?
speaker_heading: DAYTON
dialog: LaPlante? Ha! Which version? This
dialog: bozo has more stories than a
dialog: newspaper. In one of them, he's
text: "the angel of Flight 104!" He pulls
dialog: you off the plane, saves your purse
dialog: for you, but forgets to return it.
dialog: That's Version 63. In Version 64,
dialog: he kept it to pay for his "hundred
dialog: dollar shoes." The guy's a bullshit
dialog: artist, he's already got a sentence
dialog: pending for dealing stolen goods.
dialog: (leaning forward,
dialog: whispering)
dialog: Listen, I know. this is pretty off
dialog: the wall... that guy, the hero,
dialog: Bubber... he was a homeless guy,
dialog: right? Down on his luck? He
dialog: couldn't have swiped the wallet,
dialog: could he? While he was rescuing
dialog: you? And sold it to this guy
dialog: LaPlante?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (raised eyebrows)
text: John Bubber risks his life to save
dialog: me and fifty-four other people
dialog: and... swipes my purse?
speaker_heading: DAYTON
dialog: Too far-fetched? I mean, I'm not
dialog: trying to make problems for John
dialog: Bubber, I just want to make sure
dialog: this creep LaPlante does some
dialog: meaningful time. If we can't figure
dialog: out how he got the cards, it makes
dialog: it more difficult.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Tell me more about him.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/EVELYN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: JOEY is sprawled on the living room floor, surrounded by
text: homework, his eyes on the TV set.
text: EVELYN, on the sofa, looks up from her book and catches JOEY
text: watching the TV.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Homework. You're doing homework,
dialog: remember?
text: The phone rings and EVELYN gets up and goes for it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (to Joey)
dialog: Homework, homework, homework! No
dialog: homework, no zoo trips, no movies.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (then, very cold...)
text: He's doing his homework.
text: JOEY looks up from his homework.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH/SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: BERNIE is talking into the phone urgently...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Look, I'm going away, I just wanna
dialog: say goodbye to... never mind where.
dialog: I just wanna say... He can't call
dialog: me back later, my phone's
dialog: disconnected...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/EVELYN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: EVELYN covers the mouthpiece and turns to JOEY...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's your father. If you don't talk
dialog: to him, he's going to call all
dialog: night.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH/SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey, Joey, how ya doin', pal, it's
dialog: me. Your old man. You get the
dialog: twenty dollars? What?
dialog: (listens...)
dialog: Well, she's right on that, Joey,
dialog: that's the best place for it, a
dialog: college fund. I was gonna tell ya
dialog: that myself. Look, about how I
dialog: didn't show up the other night I...
dialog: what?
dialog: (he listens)
dialog: You seen me out the window....
dialog: (listens)
dialog: One shoe, yeah and the mud... So
dialog: you thought I mighta been the heroic
dialog: guy, huh?
dialog: (a beat, then...)
dialog: An' what'd she say when you...?
dialog: "Against my religion," huh?
dialog: (he struggles, then...
dialog: decisive)
dialog: Well, you know Joey, this kinda
dialog: stuff, we gotta talk about it some
dialog: time, man to man. But I gotta go
dialog: off on this -- this damn business
dialog: trip now... for a while. So...
dialog: so I won't be seein' you. What you
dialog: gotta do, you gotta listen to your
dialog: mother, she's smart, very smart,
dialog: knows what's best for you and...
dialog: (reacting)
dialog: No, no, no, it ain't 'cause I don't
dialog: like you, Christ! I mean, not
dialog: "Christ," you know... I mean I don't
dialog: wanna go on this business thing,
dialog: I love you Joey, but I gotta!
dialog: That's part of growing older, all
dialog: these goddamn (pardon the
dialog: vulgarity) business things you have
dialog: to do. Which reminds me, this
dialog: "hero" business... one of the things
dialog: you learn as you get older is that
dialog: life gets very complicated...
dialog: weird actually... people aren't
dialog: exactly like they seem... nothing
dialog: is... life gets unbelievable...
dialog: this is normal as you grow older
dialog: and... huh? I was talking to Joey.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Your son actually wants to spend
dialog: time with you. If you let him down
text: this time after popping back into
dialog: his life...
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH/SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Ev, you gotta understand, it's
dialog: this... this goddamn business trip,
dialog: no wait, don't hang up, Ev, just
dialog: a sec, listen, I just wanna say one
dialog: thing, okay? One thing!
dialog: (with some effort)
dialog: I know I kinda act like an asshole
dialog: sometimes. I know that. I know
dialog: you were a good wife. I know I
dialog: fucked it up. I had a good thing
dialog: an' I blew it. I just want you to
dialog: know I know that, okay? I gotta
dialog: go now. Business trip. It's gonna
dialog: be a while.
text: BERNIE hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: EVELYN stares at the phone as though it had changed into a piece
dialog: of fruit before her eyes! Bernie said that?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY/APARTMENT BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER (NIGHT)
text: WINSTON (who bought Bernie's TV) has opened his door just a
text: crack to address GALE and CHUCKY. It says "Manager" on the door.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: LaPlante! That asshole! I don't...
dialog: Hey, is that you, from the tee vee?
dialog: In person?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: We're from Channel Four, yes. We'd
dialog: like to find --
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: "This is Gale Gayley for Channel
dialog: Four News!" Incredible.
dialog: Unbelievable! For Bernie LaPlante!
dialog: He's a celebrity now? 'Cause he
dialog: stole paint?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: We couldn't find his name on the
text: buzzer or on the mailbox, but...
text: WINSTON pushes past them out the, door and into the corridor.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: "Low profile." That's his big
dialog: motto! He don't put his name on
dialog: anything. Come on, we'll go look.
text: GALE sees WINSTON trundling down the corridor toward the
dialog: stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - MOMENTS LATER (NIGHT)
text: WINSTON waddles up the stairs with GALE and CHUCKY on his heels.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Shouldn't we have buzzed him to let
dialog: him know --
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Half the time he don't answer even
dialog: if he's home. Know why? 'Cause
dialog: he don't want no bill collectors
dialog: to find him. I don't mean to be
dialog: judgmental, but he's a scumbag.
dialog: He don't have no friends. Who's
dialog: gonna like a creep like LaPlante?
dialog: I was doin' him a favor on the TV
dialog: outta kindness, and he screwed me.
dialog: You know what color skin you get
dialog: on my set, Miss Gayley? Purple!
dialog: That's what color skin you got on
dialog: the tee vee LaPlante sells me!
text: During the climb, GALE'S BEEPER goes off. She shuts it off.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR/APT. BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER
text: BANG! BANG! BANG! WINSTON pounds on the door to 5A while GALE
text: and CHUCKY hover behind him anxiously.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Bernard! Bernard! Hey, LaPlante,
text: open the door. Television
dialog: Interview! Fame and fortune. Open
dialog: up, Bernard.
text: WINSTON pulls a ring of keys from his belt and unlocks the door.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Hope the silly bastard didn't kill
dialog: himself. He's all upset about this
dialog: sentence he got. He's going to
dialog: prison.
dialog: (to Chucky)
dialog: That a camera you're carrying? If
dialog: he killed himself, you could take
dialog: pictures.
scene_heading: INT. BERNIE'S APARTMENT
text: WINSTON, GALE and CHUCKY enter the tiny charmless living room.
text: As WINSTON disappears into the bedroom; GALE glances around,
text: notices something.
text: A cheap commercial photo of BERNIE with JOEY at the zoo.
text: Studying it, she considers BERNIE'S face.
text: WINSTON re-enters from the bedroom.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: No dead body. Too bad. Not too
dialog: often you guys get pictures of a
text: body even before the cops get there.
dialog: Exclusive!
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I wonder if you'd mind if we waited
dialog: for him here, Mister Winston...
text: Surprised, CHUCKY gives her a sharp look, like "what's up?"
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: What's he gonna do, sue? You
dialog: people, you're the media.
text: WINSTON exits, closing the door behind him.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: We're gonna wait here? The guy
dialog: could be hours.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Maybe, maybe not. I have a feeling
dialog: this guy is important somehow.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: Hey, listen, great that you're a
dialog: career-fiend, I got a wife and
dialog: family, I...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: You're lucky, Chucky, you... OW!
text: GALE has flopped down on BERNIE'S ratty sofa.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: This sofa is a lethal weapon. The
dialog: springs... are... the springs...
dialog: what...?
text: GALE is digging behind her on the sofa. She pulls out The
text: silver Mike Award and stares at it, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: The...Silver...Mike...Award!
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: This guy LaPlante won an award?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (staring at the
dialog: inscription)
dialog: "For Excellence in the Pursuit of
dialog: Truth."
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: LaPlante!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Who the hell are you? What's goin'
dialog: on here?
text: BERNIE is standing in the doorway, scowling at CHUCKY. But
text: before the astonished CHUCKY can respond, GALE turns, revealing
text: her face.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You!
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Camera, Chucky. Are you Bernard
dialog: LaPlante, sir? What is your
dialog: relationship with John Bubber?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (indicating chucky)
dialog: Turn that thing off.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (holding up the Silver
dialog: Mike)
dialog: How did you acquire this, Mister
dialog: LaPlante?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: How do ya think I got it, for
dialog: Chrissake?
dialog: (to Chucky, indicating
dialog: the vidpak)
dialog: Hey, put that thing down. This is
dialog: my goddamn apartment, you can't
dialog: just...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: What's your scheme, Mister LaPlante?
dialog: What are you forcing John Bubber
dialog: to do? What are you -- ?
text: The door bursts open and WINSTON rushes in hysterically.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
text: HE'S GONNA JUMP! BUBBER'S GONNA
text: JUMP! IT'S ON CHANNEL THIRTEEN!
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: Thirteen!
scene_heading: TV IMAGE (EXT. DRAKE HOTEL - P.O.V. OF LEDGE - NIGHT)
text: Weirdly distorted colors. A shaky long lens shot (news camera)
text: reveals a bright green BUBBER standing on a ledge fifteen
text: stories up while a REPORTER narrates urgently...
speaker_heading: CHANNEL 13 REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: -- say that they cannot rig a net
text: below him because they are afraid
dialog: it will trigger his decision to
dialog: jump. Bubber has said repeatedly
dialog: he will only talk with Gale Gayley
text: a local television reporter.
speaker_heading: GALE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Oh my God!
scene_heading: REVEAL: INT. WINSTON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Where GALE, flanked by BERNIE, CHUCKY, and WINSTON, is staring
text: in horror at the lurid color image on the TV BERNIE sold to
speaker_heading: WINSTON.
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE (EXT. DRAKE - NIGHT)
scene_heading: CHANNEL 13 REPORTER/TV
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: So far, attempts to reach Ms. Gayley
dialog: have not succeeded.
scene_heading: INT. WINSTON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (to Winston)
dialog: Your phone! Quick.
text: As WINSTON shows her the phone, BERNIE scowls at the TV.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: He's green for Chrissake!
text: As GALE punches digits on the phone, WINSTON turns back to
speaker_heading: BERNIE.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: No shit! You took advantage of me,
dialog: LaPlante. It's a piece of shit.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You gotta tune it, ya bozo. You
dialog: gotta adjust it.
text: BERNIE is adjusting the television color.
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE (EXT. DRAKE HOTEL - NIGHT)
scene_heading: CHANNEL 13 REPORTER/TV
dialog: Meanwhile, as you can see, a crowd
dialog: has gathered here at the hotel, many
text: of them in tears, pleading aloud
text: with John Bubber not to jump.
scene_heading: INT. WINSTON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: speaking urgently and privately into the phone.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: For God's sake, tell him I'm on my
dialog: way.
text: (she slams down the
dialog: phone)
dialog: Let's go, Chucky. A police escort
dialog: is gonna pick us up en route. You
dialog: too, LaPlante.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Me!
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: If you're not in the car in ten
dialog: seconds, I'll have the cops pick
dialog: you up.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: The cops! What kinda bullshit is
dialog: this? Is this America or -- ?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (urgent, inspiration)
dialog: Here! Here... ten, thirty, fifty
dialog: bucks. How much have you got,
dialog: Chucky? Give Mister LaPlante your
dialog: money.
text: GALE shoves cash into BERNIE'S hands as CHUCKY obediently
text: reaches for his wallet.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Come on! Let's go! John's in
dialog: danger.
text: Confused, BERNIE looks at the cash, then follows them out the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (pocketing the cash)
dialog: Christ, you media people think you
dialog: can just buy people. Cheap.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: SIRENS SCREAM. An escort of POLICE MOTORCYCLES precedes the
text: speeding Channel Four van through the dark streets.
scene_heading: INT. SPEEDING CHANNEL 4 VAN - NIGHT
text: CHUCKY is at the wheel of the van, GALE beside him. BERNIE sits
text: back in the confusion of equipment and monitors that show the
text: news coverage of Bubber on the ledge. BERNIE is addressing GALE
text: indignantly, trying to be heard over the SCREAMING of the
speaker_heading: SIRENS.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: My fault! My fault! This nut case
dialog: goes out on a ledge and it's my
dialog: fault?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: If anything happens to John BUbber,
dialog: Mister LaPlante I'm going to see
dialog: you prosecuted to the full extent
dialog: of the law.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: What, is everybody in love with
dialog: this, bozo? I don't get this. What
dialog: about...?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Yes, everybody is in love with John
text: Bubber. The whole country, in fact.
dialog: And they're not going to be happy
text: if he jumps to his death because
text: he was harassed by a lousy little
text: money-grubbing low-life fence...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: "Harassed." Cause I yelled at him
dialog: when he's riding in his limo? The
dialog: guy's a thief, he took my...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (erupting)
text: He had one tiny, uncharacteristic
dialog: moment of weakness. That's not the
dialog: same thing as a lifetime of petty
dialog: crime...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (stung)
dialog: Hey, lady, I got faults, I know I'm
dialog: not perfect but I don't get this
dialog: at all, your attitude. I saved
dialog: your...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: A lifetime of petty crime climaxed
dialog: by your sleaziest accomplishment
dialog: yet... blackmailing a national
dialog: hero...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: -- saved your... whaaaaaaat? What?
dialog: Blackmailing...?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: You think I haven't figured it out?
dialog: Just because the cops aren't on to
dialog: you yet doesn't mean you're home
dialog: free. I'm a veteran reporter. I've
dialog: seen your kind before, the
text: underbelly of crime.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Underbelly!
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: In all that smoke and fire, John
dialog: had a moment of weakness. He'd been
text: down and out, destitute, living in
dialog: his car. It was just an impulse,
dialog: stealing my purse.
text: BERNIE looks thunderstruck. CHUCKY too.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: Swiped your purse! While he was
dialog: saving you? You gotta be kidding!
speaker_heading: GALE
text: (a triumphant 190k at
dialog: Bernie)
dialog: And sold it to Mister LaPlante, the
text: fence, who's now trying to blackmail
dialog: poor John.
text: BERNIE is too stunned to speak.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: He's gotta be a nut! He saves all
dialog: those people and swipes a purse?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: Because he was a real hero, Chucky.
dialog: He was acting out of a deep
dialog: instinctive decency, not out of some
dialog: ego thing. He didn't expect the
dialog: media to lionize him. He didn't
dialog: expect a million dollar reward.
dialog: He saved fifty-four people because
text: something inside him, some
dialog: fundamental love for his fellow man,
dialog: made him rush into that plane when
dialog: "good sense" told him otherwise.
dialog: He was willing to settle for some
dialog: credit cards he sold to LaPlante....
dialog: (to Bernie)
dialog: For how much, LaPlante? A couple
dialog: of bucks? Did you give him enough
dialog: for a decent meal?
text: BERNIE, who's been listening to the description of his own deeds
text: with slack-jawed amazement, is too taken aback to answer.
text: The van zips past dark city streets populated by DERELICTS and
text: HOMELESS PEOPLE as GALE continues her emotional outpouring.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: All this is off the record, Chucky,
dialog: because if John Bubber lives, Mister
dialog: LaPlante is going to give him his
dialog: assurance that there will be no more
dialog: "misbehavior" on his part. What's
dialog: more he's going to apologize.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I'm going to apologize to Bubber?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I could deny I had those credit
dialog: cards on the plane with me,
dialog: LaPlante...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Lie, you mean...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Well, maybe I wouldn't lie...but
dialog: I could tell the story the way I
dialog: did just now, so that people could
dialog: understand that John is even more
dialog: of a hero, and that you...
dialog: you're the lowest thing that ever
dialog: crawled. Your name will be
dialog: synonymous with cynical opportunism
dialog: and blackmail. You won't get a
dialog: cent.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: I got a kid, you know. I'm a
dialog: person, for Chrissake.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Well, for your child's sake, show
dialog: some decency then, rise above your
text: sleazy instincts.
dialog: (a sob)
dialog: You may have already killed him!
scene_heading: EXT. DRAKE HOTEL - MOMENTS LATER (NIGHT)
text: POLICE buck the tide of the excited CROWD, making a wedge to
text: get GALE, CHUCKY, and BERNIE to the hotel entrance. A COP grabs
text: BERNIE, thinking him a spectator.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: No! He's with us, Officer.
text: REPORTERS, on the fringe of the crowd, address their cameras.
scene_heading: CHANNEL 8/CHANNEL 13/CONKLIN
dialog: Police are escorting Reporter Gale
text: Gayley to the fifteenth floor where
text: she will be able to talk to Bubber.
scene_heading: EXT. DRAKE HOTEL - CROWD'S POV OF BUBBER ON LEDGE - NIGHT
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: A tiny figure on a narrow ledge fifteen floors up.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE/DRAKE - MOMENTS LATER (NIGHT)
text: GALE rushes into the suite now jammed with POLICE, FIREMEN, and
text: DIGNITARIES and heads straight for the open window, dragging
text: BERNIE with her. CHUCKY follows, Vidcam raised.
text: At the window she encounters the POLICE CHIEF and a PRIEST.
speaker_heading: POLICE CHIEF
dialog: He'll only talk to you, Ms Gayley.
dialog: Just lean out and we'll hold you
text: from behind.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE/FIFTEENTH STORY/DRAKE HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Alone on the ledge twenty feet from the open window, BUBBER is
text: looking down at the CROWD below. They're chanting...
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - BUBBER'S P.O.V. OF CROWD - NIGHT
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - DRAKE HOTEL - NIGHT
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: John! Don't do it! Everything's
dialog: okay.
text: BUBBER has tears in his eyes. He turns at the sound of GALE'S
text: voice and sees her leaning out the window, calling to him.
text: Pulling an envelope from his pocket, BUBBER moves a couple of
text: steps toward GALE and bends down to place the envelope on the
dialog: ledge.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Gale! This is for you. I want you
dialog: to know I never meant to hurt you.
dialog: This will explain everything.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: John, I know all about it.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: You do?
text: Straightening up, he... LOSES HIS BALANCE!
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: NNNOOOOOOOOOOOO!
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: It's all right, John! It's nothing!
dialog: A little mistake. Everybody will
dialog: understand!
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: "A little mistake"!
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: No, John, you're too hard on
dialog: yourself. I've got the creep here,
dialog: the guy who's...
text: GALE breaks off as BERNIE suddenly shoulders his way to the
dialog: window...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hold on! Hold on! Lemme talk to
dialog: him for Chrissake!
scene_heading: INT. SUITE/DRAKE
text: BERNIE pushes past the astonished GALE and scrambles awkwardly
text: out onto' the ledge, kicking back at the FIREMEN who grab at his
dialog: ankles until...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON FIREMEN
text: exchanging a look, the FIREMEN realize their efforts are more
text: likely to knock BERNIE off than save him.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE/HOTEL
text: BUBBER stares in amazement as BERNIE emerges onto the ledge on
text: all fours, yelling toward him.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey, Bubber, c'mere! I gotta talk
dialog: to you, buddy.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: LaPlante!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Come on, John, don't be an asshole.
dialog: I don't like heights.
text: Hastily, BUBBER backs further from the window (and the envelope
text: lying on the ledge).
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Listen, LaPlante, I'm really sorry.
dialog: It's all in my letter to Ga... uh,
dialog: Miss Gayley. I was all wrong.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE/DRAKE - NIGHT
text: CHUCKY is wedged beside GALE in the window, pointing his vidpak
text: at BERNIE'S ass. Suddenly BERNIE sees BUBBER looking past him
text: at the cameras and, turning awkwardly, he snaps at GALE...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Turn that thing off! You want him
dialog: to jump?
text: GALE and the OTHERS step back from the window hastily.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE/DRAKE - NIGHT
text: BERNIE turns back to BUBBER.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I just wanna talk with you for a
dialog: minute. Then you can jump. You
dialog: can jump twice for all I care.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Talk from there. You can talk from
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: In private. They got cameras and
dialog: alla that crap in there.
dialog: Microphones.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE/DRAKE - NIGHT
text: Rather than leaning out the window, GALE and OTHERS in the suite
text: are following the drama on the TV monitor.
scene_heading: GALE'S P.O.V.: TV IMAGE (EXT. LEDGE - FROM BELOW - NIGHT)
text: CONKLIN narrates while the SHAKY CAMERA FOCUSES on BERNIE and
text: BUBBER who are continuing to argue on the ledge, BERNIE
text: motioning for BUBBER to come closer, BUBBER resisting.
speaker_heading: CONKLIN/TV (V.O.)
text: It looks like someone is out on the
dialog: ledge with John Bubber. We can only
dialog: presume this is a rescue specialist
dialog: of some kind from the police or fire
dialog: department.
dialog: (excited)
text: He... he's moving toward Bubber,
text: crawling. He does not appear to
text: have a safety rope tied to him and,
dialog: as we've explained, the fire
dialog: department has been unable to rig
dialog: a net.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE/DRAKE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BACK TO GALE
text: Ironically, she's "seeing the events" happening fifteen feet
text: from her on a monitor showing...
scene_heading: ON THE TV SCREEN (EXT. HOTEL - P.O.V. OF LEDGE - NIGHT)
text: a camera angle fifteen stories below, a SHAKY ZOOM attempting
text: to isolate BERNIE on the ledge.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE/DRAKE - NIGHT
text: Her face shows surprise at BERNIE'S courage. Did she misjudge?
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE/HOTEL
text: Inching forward, BERNIE is just reaching the letter BUBBER left
text: on the ledge.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (indicating the letter)
dialog: That's for Ga... Ms. Gayley.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: What am I, a goddamn postman? I'm
dialog: way the fuck up here, I'm scared
dialog: a heights, and you want me to
dialog: deliver a letter? Put a stamp on
dialog: it for Chrissake!
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: That's close enough. It's a
dialog: confession. The truth. Jesus, I'm
dialog: sorry, LaPlante. I had the shoe,
dialog: you said you didn't want, publicity
dialog: because of your legal problems.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I don't recall saying I didn't want
dialog: a million bucks...
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: I never really thought they'd go
dialog: for it. And then... you didn't come
dialog: forward, they investigated my war
dialog: record... I kept expecting you to
dialog: show up and expose me...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I was in the can, for Chrissake.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: The bathroom! For two days?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Jail! Listen, Bubber...
dialog: (looks down, fifteen
dialog: stories)
dialog: This is crazy. We could fall off
dialog: of here.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: You should go in. You're risking
dialog: your life again...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (sweating, trembling)
dialog: I'm beginning to... be aware of
dialog: that, John. Listen, I'm not gonna
dialog: do nothing heroic here, you can
dialog: trust me on that, buddy. Whaddaya
dialog: say we just sit down for a while.
dialog: I don't have no tricks, I'm not that
dialog: smart. You could, like, rest up for
dialog: the jump.
text: BUBBER considers the situation, relaxes, lowers himself till
text: he's sitting beside BERNIE. Then he helps BERNIE off his knees
text: into a sitting position so they're sitting side by side on the
text: ledge. BUBBER shakes his head sadly.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: What have I done? I was dirt poor
dialog: and useless... but I was honest.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Lighten up, John. You think you
dialog: got problems for Chrissake?
text: BERNIE wipes the sweat from his forehead, unaware that he's
text: smearing his face with black soot from the ledge.
scene_heading: EXT. DRAKE HOTEL
text: In front of the hotel in the midst of the confusion of emergency
text: vehicles, POLICE, and ONLOOKERS, a cherry-picker has arrived
text: and a TV CAMERAMAN from Channel 4 is riding in the rising
dialog: pulpit.
scene_heading: TELEVISION IMAGE (EXT. DRAKE HOTEL P.O.V. - NIGHT)
text: A shaky long lens shot from fifteen stories below shows BERNIE
text: sitting beside BUBBER on the ledge while the REPORTER narrates
dialog: urgently...
speaker_heading: CONKLIN/TV (V.O.)
dialog: -- still don't know why John BUbber,
dialog: hero to the nation, stepped out onto
dialog: the ledge fifteen stories above
text: the street more than an hour ago.
scene_heading: INT. JOEY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: JOEY, wearing pajamas and headphones, is staring breathlessly
text: at the TV from the bed in his darkened bedroom.
scene_heading: ON THE TELEVISION SCREEN (EXT. DRAKE FRONT STEPS - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: CONKLIN/TV (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But we now have the identity of the
text: man who has been talking to him for
dialog: the last fifteen minutes at great
dialog: personal risk. He has been
dialog: identified as Bernard LaPlante,
dialog: former employee of Gumley's Carpet
dialog: Care.
scene_heading: INT. JOEY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON JOEY
text: JOEY'S jaw sags and he sits up in bed as the REPORTER continues
text: on the TV.
scene_heading: ON THE TELEVISION SCREEN (EXT. LEDGE FROM BELOW - NIGHT)
text: the lens ZOOMS TIGHTER, and therefore SHAKIER, offering a jerky
text: image in which BUBBER and BERNIE are semi-identifiable as they
text: sit on the ledge.
speaker_heading: CONKLIN/TV (V.O.)
dialog: There is speculation that LaPlante
text: is an old friend of Bubber's,
dialog: perhaps a war buddy.
scene_heading: INT. JOEY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: JOEY has already sprinted out of the room, leaving the TV
text: playing to his empty bedroom.
speaker_heading: JOEY'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: MOM! MOM! IT'S MY FATHER! MOM!
scene_heading: INT. DRAKE/PRESIDENTIAL SUITE
text: GALE is giving way at the window to CHUCKY who's leaning out
text: to try and get a shot. Jammed in by the CROWD, her view
text: blocked, she glimpses a TV monitor nearby.
scene_heading: GALE'S POV - TV MONITOR/VIDEO IMAGE (EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT)
text: The SHAKY CLOSE-UP of BERNIE'S face, smeared with soot, fills
text: the screen. The angle is very reminiscent of the glimpse GALE
dialog: got of BERNIE in the crashed plane!
scene_heading: EXT. DRAKE HOTEL - NIGHT
text: An arc light is switched on, lighting up BERNIE'S face.
scene_heading: INT. DRAKE SUITE - NIGHT
dialog: BACK TO GALE,
text: stunned. Just then CHUCKY taps her on his way out of the room.
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: I'm gonna grab the high ground, get
text: a hot overhead angle.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE/FIFTEENTH FLOOR/DRAKE HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Spotlights illuminate BERNIE and BUBBER as they sit on the ledge
text: and converse, like a couple of guys on a park bench somewhere,
text: oblivious to the CROWD below.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (flabbergasted)
dialog: You stole her purse! While you were
dialog: saving her?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: What's the big deal? You decided
dialog: to pretend you were me. A little
dialog: moment of weakness, right? So I
text: sorta swiped her purse. I got feet
dialog: of clay too, bUddy.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: And she thinks you're blackmailing
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Right.
text: BUBBER actually sees humor in this, but BERNIE is thinking...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Which don't sound like such a bad
dialog: goddamn idea, John.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Huh? Whadda you mean?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Well, we gotta work this thing out,
dialog: John. It's a goddamn mess an' I'm
dialog: halfway to doing serious time in
dialog: the joint an' the TV lady's so stuck
dialog: on you she don't want it to come
dialog: out you stole her purse because it
dialog: might break the heart of millions.
dialog: (indicating the chanting
dialog: crowd below)
dialog: Looka those maniacs, willya? They
dialog: love you, for Chrissake!
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: I don't need to be a hero, LaPlante,
dialog: but I can't face people... the looks
dialog: in their eyes... after the trust
dialog: they gave me!
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Great! You make this big goddamn
dialog: mess, then ya jump. Beautiful!
dialog: Listen, John, I was there at the
dialog: hospital today, I seen you with
dialog: those little bastards (pardon my
dialog: vulgarity).
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: It was you! I thought I heard...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I'm not saying I hate sick people
dialog: or anything but I hate being around
dialog: them if you know what I mean. There
dialog: you go, you inspire this kid to
dialog: live. I probably woulda vomited
text: on him.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Allen? He... he's okay?
text: BUBBBR is visibly affected by the news about ALLEN but BERNIE
text: doesn't notice, rattles on...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: See what I mean? You remember his
dialog: name for Chrissake! I mean, I
dialog: remember my own kid's name... but
dialog: I'm always forgetting his birthday.
dialog: Plus when they stick cameras in your
dialog: face and ask all these stupid
dialog: questions, you smile at them. You
dialog: got a kinda... a kinda... "gift,"
dialog: there, John, if ya know what I mean.
dialog: People wanna be saved by you. Even
dialog: me! If I was gonna be saved I
dialog: wouldn't wanna see Bernie LaPlante
dialog: comin' outta the goddamn smoke an'
dialog: darkness an' fear an' stuff. I'd
dialog: wanna see John God Damn Bubber!
text: BUBBER is moved... but still has doubts.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: You got those people out of the
dialog: plane, LaPlante, not me.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You woulda gone in there, you
dialog: wouldn'ta thought twice... Trust
dialog: me on that, that's the kinda guy
dialog: you are. For a guy like me, it's
dialog: a momentary loss of sanity. I
dialog: wasn't thinking clearly. Listen,
dialog: I'm no hero, John. I just want some
dialog: dough and maybe a little favor.
dialog: How much didja spend already on all
dialog: that do-gooder bullshit? You didn't
dialog: spend it all didja?
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Well, I donated a lot to different
dialog: causes, uh... La...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Bernie. Call me Bernie.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: --but there's a lot of it still
dialog: left, uh, Bernie. Almost half.
text: BERNIE'S eyes glitter with interest.
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE/TV STATION
text: Several monitors show a variety of coverage of the drama on the
text: ledge on their screens while, nearby, WALLACE hovers anxiously
text: over DEAKINS' shoulder as DEAKINS rants into the phone...
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Whaddaya mean what do I wanna know?
dialog: I wanna know everything. Who's this
dialog: screwball LaPlante for Pete's sake,
dialog: what the hell's he doing out there,
dialog: auditioning for the priesthood?
dialog: You're supposed to be on top of
dialog: this, Gale, don't...
text: (he stops, listens,
dialog: explodes)
dialog: "Quit!" You can't quit! It's
dialog: unprofessional!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Quit? She wants to quit?
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: (ignoring Wallace)
dialog: Listen, Gale, I know you're
dialog: emotionally involved. Don't be
dialog: emotionally involved, be
dialog: professional.
dialog: (listens, then...)
dialog: No, Gale, you are not a hardbitten,
dialog: cynical hard-ass, you just think
dialog: you are. You are a goddamn cream
dialog: puff! Try and be a hard-ass!
text: DEAKINS hangs up the phone angrily and faces WALLACE...
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: She wants to quit?
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: She can't quit.
scene_heading: INT. JOEY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: EVELYN is staring dumbfounded at the TV screen, the volume full
text: now, no longer coming through the headphones.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: My God! It... it is him!
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Wh-why's he... why's he up there,
dialog: mom?
text: EVELYN looks pale and stricken. Instead of answering, she makes
dialog: a decision...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Where's your coat? Get your coat!
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE - NIGHT
text: DEAKINS and WALLACE are watching a CHANNEL EIGHT REPORTER on
text: one of the monitors.
scene_heading: TV IMAGE (EXT. DRAKE HOTEL - NIGHT)
scene_heading: CHANNEL 8 REPORTER/TV
dialog: -- just learned that LaPlante is
dialog: a convicted felon due to be
dialog: sentenced tomorrow for trafficking
dialog: in stolen goods. According to our
dialog: sources, LaPlante knowingly
dialog: purchased twelve cases of stolen
dialog: latex paint which he subsequently
dialog: sold to...
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE - NIGHT
text: ANGLE ON DEAKINS AND WALLACE
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Gale shoulda aired that bit first,
dialog: she's the one who found this clown
dialog: LaPlante! She let Channel Eight
dialog: get a beat on us.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Listen, Deak, what if Bubber has
dialog: got something to hide? What if he's
dialog: the wrong guy, not really the
dialog: hero...?
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Helluva story!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: (suddenly firm)
dialog: No, Deak, not a great story. We
dialog: backed this guy, he's our boy! We
dialog: gave him a vote of confidence, we
dialog: gave him a million dollars.
text: DEAKINS is chastened. He "gets it." Just then, excitement from
dialog: the Channel Four monitor.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: CONKLIN'S VOICE/TV
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Something's going on, Bubber is
text: communicating something. Both men
dialog: are...
scene_heading: EXT. DRAKE HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Excitement in the CROWD, looking up, yelling. Something's
text: happening. CONKLIN is speaking into his mike even as the surge
text: of the CROWD engulfs him...
speaker_heading: CONKLIN
text: -- still sitting on the ledge but
text: Bubber is motioning to someone in
text: the window, he seems to be calling
dialog: out to them and now... now he's
text: holding up two fingers. He's
text: signalling something, holding up
text: two fingers.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: A Ford station wagon speeds toward the city.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING FORD/HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: EVELYN is at the wheel, JOEY beside her, the RADIO on...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: If I gave you the impression I hated
dialog: him I didn't mean to. I... I hate
dialog: the way he behaves... he's selfish
dialog: and self-centered and cynical...
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: What's "cynical"?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's when you say, "Everybody else
dialog: cheats why shouldn't I?"
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: But I don't -- I don't hate -- him.
dialog: I... loved him once, Joey. Very
dialog: much. I just got... tired. Maybe
dialog: it wasn't all his fault. He...
dialog: What's happening? Oh, my God...
text: EVELYN is reacting to the live radio broadcast, a sudden urgency
text: in the REPORTER'S VOICE, CROWD SOUNDS...
speaker_heading: RADIO
scene_heading: -- FIREMEN LEANING OUT THE WINDOW!
text: THEY HAVE WHAT APPEAR TO BE LONG
text: POLES AND THEY'RE REACHING THE POLES
text: TOWARD THE TWO MEN ON THE LEDGE,
scene_heading: JOHN BUBBER AND HIS COMPANION,
scene_heading: BERNARD LAPLANTE!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What's happening? What are they
dialog: doing...?
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: (continuing)
text: LAPLANTE AND BUBBER ARE REACHING
text: FOR THE POLES! THERE'S SOMETHING
text: AT THE TIP OF THE POLES. THEY'RE
text: TAKING SOMETHING FROM THE POLES!
text: IT LOOKS LIKE -- IT LOOKS LIKE...
text: I THINK IT'S... WAIT A MINUTE, I
dialog: HAVE A REPORT HERE...
text: EVELYN and JOEY are breathless, mesmerized, waiting to hear...
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: COFFEE! IT'S COFFEE! WE'RE TOLD
text: THAT BUBBER AND LAPLANTE ASKED FOR
scene_heading: TWO CUPS OF COFFEE.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (relief)
dialog: Coffee! Just like your father to
dialog: request something totally
dialog: inappropriate. Thousands of people
dialog: watching and he wants a cup of
dialog: coffee.
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: I remember when you were in the
dialog: hospital, when you had the
dialog: appendicitis, your father stayed
dialog: all night by your bed... and he
dialog: hates hospitals, always thinks he's
dialog: going to catch something... and then
dialog: that time when your Uncle Howard
dialog: got hurt... It seems like your
text: father is at his best in a crisis...
dialog: when things go really wrong or
dialog: there's some kind of emergency, your
dialog: father forgets to be Bernie LaPlante
dialog: and acts sort of like... a human
dialog: being.
text: There are tears in her eyes as she drives. The RADIO continues.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: We've learned that the devices the
dialog: firemen used to "deliver" the
dialog: coffee... I described them as
dialog: "poles"... are, in fact, oversized
dialog: tongs used by the hotel staff to
dialog: change difficult-to-reach
dialog: lightbulbs...
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - NIGHT
text: BERNIE and BUBBER are distant figures sitting on a ledge as if
text: it was a park bench, sipping coffee and visibly negotiating as
text: in a pantomime.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE/HOTEL
text: Closer now, we can hear BERNIE and BUBBER wrapping up the deal.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You got it? Four year scholarship
dialog: to a top college, plus Medical
dialog: School or Law School or whatever
dialog: Joey wants; pay off the $2,500 to
dialog: my attorney, plus pay her fee in
dialog: full, plus my annual consulting
dialog: fee...
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: And give a deposition to the jUdge.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (sudden thought)
dialog: Listen, John, you better double my
dialog: attorney's fee. She's very
dialog: inexperienced, but she done a great
dialog: job for me. And give her your
dialog: autograph. She thinks you're some
dialog: kinda holy man.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: On the deposition for the jUdge,
dialog: Bernie... I mean there's no way
dialog: I can promise anything. I can't
dialog: tell him what we're up to...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You'll tell him I talked you out
dialog: of jumping, right? Just keep me
dialog: outta prison.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: I... I'll do the best I can, Bernie.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: That's good enough for me. You
dialog: better take that "letter" there and
dialog: get rid of it.
text: BERNIE indicates the envelope on the ledge and BUBBER slides
text: the envelope into his pocket surreptitiously.
text: BERNIE and BUBBER are shaking hands. Then they start to get
text: cautiously to their feet.
scene_heading: INT. DRAKE HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT
text: GALE is watching the action on a TV monitor, trying to figure
dialog: out what's going on.
scene_heading: GALE'S P.O.V./TV MONITOR (EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT)
text: BERNIE and BUBBER are shaking hands. Then they start to get
text: cautiously to their feet.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - NIGHT
text: The CROWD reacts to the action on the ledge while TV REPORTERS
text: including CONKLIN chatter into their mikes...
speaker_heading: REPORTERS
text: They're getting to their feet.
dialog: They're standing up!
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
text: BERNIE is on his feet, unsteady, terrified of the drop.
text: BUBBER, much more graceful, not as wobbly, is speaking to him.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: After what I did, how do you know
dialog: I'll come through? How do you know
dialog: you can trust me?
text: Shakily, BERNIE indicates the CROWD far below...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Cause, bottom line, John, I ain't
dialog: no different than all those dumb
dialog: assholes down there. We all trust
dialog: you for Chrissake! We...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE DROP/BERNIE'S P.O.V.
text: Straight down, fifteen floors. A CROWD of "ants." Firetrucks,
text: Police cars, TV vans.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
text: Suddenly BERNIE starts shaking like a leaf, trying to smear his
text: body against the side of the building as he inches along the
text: narrow ledge toward the window with BUBBER right behind him.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Th-this was really dumb, coming out
dialog: here.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - NIGHT
text: As the CROWD looks up breathlessly, WE DISCOVER EVELYN pulling
text: JOEY through the CROWD toward the hotel steps, their eyes on
speaker_heading: BERNIE and BUBBER.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - NIGHT
text: CHUCKY is cautiously moving under the neon sign on the roof,
text: first on all fours, then on his belly, moving toward the edge.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
text: BUBBER is steering BERNIE toward the window.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Slow and easy, Bernie.
text: BERNIE takes a cautious step. BUBBER tries to distract BERNIE
text: from the drop by talking to him.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: What made you do it, Bernie? Go
dialog: in the plane?
dialog: Another cautious step.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: I dunno. It was... an impulse.
dialog: Me, wearing my good shoes.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Same with me, pretending I was you.
dialog: An impulse. Why not? I had this
dialog: shoe.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: There was this kid there saying,
dialog: "Go in there and save my father,
dialog: mister." And I'm thinking about my
dialog: boy Joey and this goddamn fireman
dialog: my wife's seeing. It was like I was
dialog: supposed to save myself.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Yeah, and with me it was like I was
dialog: supposed to pretend the shoe was
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: So now you gotta wear it, you poor
dialog: bastard. Everyday you gotta be
dialog: everybody's hero. People watching
dialog: you all the time. Waiting for you
dialog: to make... a slip. Slip up.
text: BERNIE glances down to indicate the CROWD and... takes a
dialog: misstep.
scene_heading: EXT. DRAKE FRONT STEPS - NIGHT
text: A single audible gasp from the CROWD below as BERNIE, fifteen
text: stories up, staggers.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
text: BERNIE struggles to regain his balance.
text: BUBBER reaches out to help him.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Easy does it, partner. It's gonna
dialog: be fine.
text: BUBBER'S hand remains on BERNIE'S shoulder.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: Watching from the window, holding her breath. Is it possible
dialog: he's going to push BERNIE? What an opportunity!
speaker_heading: GALE'S P.O.V.:
text: BUBBER'S hand on BERNIE'S shoulder.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: Sweating, pushing his foot cautiously forward.
speaker_heading: BUBBER'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Don't look down. Keep your eyes...
text: BERNIE looks down!
scene_heading: BERNIE'S P.O.V. (EXT. P.O.V. OF CROWD - NIGHT)
text: AHHHHHHHHHH! He sees the tiny PEOPLE below and he STARTS TO
speaker_heading: FALL.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: Wobbling unsteadily, arms flailing, falling.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: His eyes! He's looking down.
speaker_heading: BUBBER'S P.O.V.:
text: He sees BERNIE clutching the ledge with one hand, looking up
text: at him with pleading eyes as he dangles fifteen stories above
dialog: the ground.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE'S HAND
dialog: It's slipping! He can't hold!
text: ANGLE ON BUBBER'S EYES!
text: staring at BERNIE'S hand. It must occur to him that life would
dialog: be better without BERNIE.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: watching from the window, terrified.
scene_heading: EXT. DRAKE HOTEL - NIGHT
text: EVELYN and JOEY are looking up, love and fear in their eyes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh my God! Bernie!
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Dad!
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
text: A FIREMAN is leaning out the window, reaching for BUBBER.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: Get in here, buddy. You can't help
dialog: him.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE'S HAND
text: Slipping.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: BUBBER is looking into BERNIE'S eyes as BERNIE'S hand slips.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE FIREMAN
text: Leaning out the window, holding a rescue noose toward BUBBER.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: Don't reach out. He'll pull you
dialog: over!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: BUBBER ignores the FIREMAN, his hand reaching out toward
speaker_heading: BERNIE.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP: HAND
text: reaching out to grab BERNIE.
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS OFFICE - NIGHT
text: WALLACE screams at the TV set.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: NO! NEVER REACH OUT!
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: reacting, head out the window...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON FIREMAN
text: Reaching a NOOSE-DEVICE toward BUBBER.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: Grab this! Now! Save yourself,
dialog: you can't help him, he'll pull you
dialog: over!
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - NIGHT
text: The CROWD reacts.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - NIGHT
text: BUBBER is sitting, bracing himself.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: His hand slipping, his eyes full of fear.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
dialog: reacting.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE'S HAND
text: losing his grip... when BUBBER'S HAND suddenly grabs his wrist.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: Looking up into BUBBER'S eyes. Their eyes lock.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: Holding BERNIE with great effort.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE FIREMAN
text: rescue noose in hand, crawling out the window.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: I'm gonna put this line around you.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (straining, indicates
speaker_heading: BERNIE)
dialog: Put...the...line...on...him.
text: BUBBER leans back against the building, struggling to keep
text: BERNIE from plummeting fifteen stories.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: You can't hold him, he's gonna pull
dialog: you off.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: If he doesn't make it... I...
dialog: don't... make it. Got it?
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Yessir! I got it! Loud and clear!
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF/DRAKE - NIGHT
text: CHUCKY has bellied out on the roof under the big neon sign and
text: he's pointing his camera straight down at the drama below while
text: he mutters under his breath...
speaker_heading: CHUCKY
dialog: (his narrator voice)
text: Zooming in tighter yet, he captures
dialog: the stark drama at great personal
dialog: risk.
dialog: (humbly responding to
dialog: an imaginary
dialog: interviewer)
dialog: "Was I afraid? Well, you don't
dialog: think about yourself at moments like
dialog: that. You think about the f-stop,
dialog: you think about focus, you think
dialog: about the 11 o'clock news, everybody
dialog: counting on you."
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE (EXT. HOTEL/STRAIGHT DOWN FROM ROOF - NIGHT)
text: "CHUCKY'S SHOT" is a CLOSE UP of BERNIE'S desperate face looking
text: straight up, the enormous drop in the background.
text: A MONTAGE of different locations and TV sets featuring Chucky's
text: CLOSE-UP of BERNIE.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHADOW LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: CHICK stares at the screen incredulously...
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Bernie? Bernie?
scene_heading: INT. WINSTON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The television set shows the drama in garish otherworldly colors
text: as WINSTON mutters...
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: LaPlante, you crazy bastard!
scene_heading: INT. DONNA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A stunned DONNA is in bed with her BOYFRIEND, stares at the TV.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: He's one of your clients?
scene_heading: INT. JUDGE GOINES BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: JUDGE GOINES frowns at the TV set, tries to place that name...
speaker_heading: JUDGE GOINES
text: LaPlante. Mmmmmmmm. LaPlante.
scene_heading: VIDEO IMAGE (EXT. HOTEL/LOW ANGLE LOOKING UP AT BUBBER)
text: On the TV screen, a low shot looking up at BUBBER straining to
text: hold on to BERNIE replaces "CHUCKY'S ANGLE."
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: A SERIES OF TV SETS AND WATCHING FACES ALL OVER AMERICA, YOUNG,
text: OLD, BLACK, WHITE, EVERYBODY IN AMERICA IS STARING AT THE SCREEN,
text: MESMERIZED...
speaker_heading: -HOME
speaker_heading: -MOTEL ROOM
scene_heading: -CHEAP HOTEL LOBBY
speaker_heading: -BAR
speaker_heading: -JAIL CELL
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE/HOTEL - NIGHT
text: TWO FIREMEN have almost secured a rope around BERNIE while
text: BUBBER continues to hang on to BERNIE, speaking to him through
text: gritted teeth.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Looking... good, partner. Hang in
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (eye contact)
dialog: Y-you're a g-god damn saint, John.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/DRAKE SUITE - LATER (NIGHT)
text: The suite is jammed with MEDIA PERSONNEL, many standing on
text: sofas, tables, and chairs, all of them (and their cameras)
text: focussed on JOHN BUBBER who's standing behind a bank of mikes
dialog: making a "statement" that sounds sincere (perhaps because it
text: is halting, awkward, painful...)
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: It was a moment of terrible
dialog: weakness. I was feeling... I guess
dialog: you'd call it "overwhelmed" by all
dialog: the pressures and... the
dialog: expectations of... fame...
dialog: celebrity. I just didn't feel...
dialog: adequate... to everybody's image
dialog: of me... so... I took my despair
text: out on that ledge with the intention
dialog: of... jumping...
scene_heading: ANGLES ON REPORTERS, CAMERAMEN
text: a collective reaction, breathless silence.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: jammed among REPORTERS near the bedroom door, her eyes on
text: BUBBER, frowning...
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: In doing that I endangered the lives
dialog: of hardworking policemen and firemen
dialog: who attempted to rescue me, not to
dialog: mention the life of my dear friend,
dialog: Bernard LaPlante...
text: BUBBER pauses and the room erupts in a chorus of REPORTERS'
text: VOICES...
speaker_heading: REPORTERS
dialog: Who is Bernard LaPlante? Did you
dialog: know that LaPlante is a convicted
dialog: criminal? What is your relationship
dialog: with Bernard LaPlante...?
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GALE
text: glancing at the bedroom door guarded by a UNIFORMED COP.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BUBBER
text: taking a deep breath, answering...
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Bernard LaPlante is a close friend
dialog: who came to me in a time of need...
text: at considerable risk to himself.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM/DRAKE HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT
text: BUBBER is continuing on the TV set in the bedroom while BERNIE,
text: all alone in the huge bedroom, stares at the TV.
scene_heading: ON THE TV (INT. SUITE/HOTEL - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: BUBBER/TV
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I guess Bernie's made some
dialog: mistakes. I know I've made plenty
dialog: myself. In fact I don't know
dialog: anyone who hasn't. I think Bernie
dialog: wants to be a private person and I
dialog: I'm going to respect that.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM/DRAKE SUITE - NIGHT
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: glances idly at the TV remote control... and pockets it almost
text: automatically, still watching TV.
scene_heading: ON THE TV (INT. SUITE/HOTEL - NIGHT)
text: REPORTERS erupt again in a CACOPHONY of QUESTIONS.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS/TV
dialog: What'd he say to you? What'd you
dialog: talk about?
speaker_heading: BUBBER/TV
dialog: Well, what he said to me was
dialog: private. But he gave me
dialog: confidence in myself. He told me
dialog: I had a special opportunity, the
dialog: chance to do some good in the
dialog: world.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM/DRAKE SUITE - NIGHT
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE
text: He raises his eyebrows. I said that? On impulse, he pulls
text: the remote from his pocket to return it. He's setting it down
text: when he turns suddenly to find he's not alone.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Hey! How'd you get in? Nobody's
dialog: supposed to come in here!
text: GALE has just entered the room. Did she see his action?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I snuck in.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You media people, you think you can
dialog: just go anywhere you want, spy on
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Listen, Mister LaPlante... uh,
dialog: Bernie... Who... are... you?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Who am I? You're asking me? You're
dialog: the big expert for Chrissake! I'm
dialog: what? The "Scumbag," right? The
dialog: sleazebag something or other, the
dialog: blackmailer, the...
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (very intense)
dialog: Was it you? In the plane? Who
dialog: saved my life?
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (rattled)
dialog: Me? Listen, I don't give no
dialog: interviews. That was John Bubber.
dialog: You wanna ask me questions, you
dialog: could talk to my attorney, Miss
dialog: O'Day.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (imploring)
dialog: Mister LaPlante... Bernie... I...
dialog: just for a few moments... I want
dialog: to be a human being, not a reporter.
dialog: I'm somebody who was going to die
text: in a burning plane and I looked up,
text: and some man came out of the smoke,
text: his face smeared with mud, and soot
dialog: and... and he... saved my... life.
dialog: Off the record. Was it you? Why
dialog: would you deny it if it was?
dialog: Because you took my purse? Why?
text: BERNIE looks at GALE. She looks very human, very real, the
text: reporter's veneer completely gone! He hesitates. How can he
text: not tell the truth at a moment like this? He takes a deep
dialog: breath...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Lady, do I look dumb enough to run
text: into a burning plane and save a
dialog: bunch of strangers? I ain't the
dialog: type.
text: GALE stares at him. BERNIE tries to hold her look, daring her
text: to doubt him. But he can't. His eyes "run." He's not a good
text: liar this time. But just then CONKLIN'S VOICE on the TV saying
text: Evelyn's name distracts BERNIE.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TV SCREEN (INT. LOBBY/HOTEL - NIGHT)
text: CONKLIN is hovering over EVELYN and JOEY who are standing in
text: a pool of TV lights while a CROWD presses close around them...
speaker_heading: CONKLIN/TV
dialog: -- standing here in the lobby of
dialog: the hotel with Evelyn LaPlante who
dialog: says she is the wife of the
dialog: mysterious Bernie LaPlante who was
dialog: rescued from a fifteenth story
dialog: ledge twenty minutes ago by John
dialog: Bubber.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM/DRAKE SUITE - NIGHT
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE AND GALE
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Oh shit! Ev! Joey! For Chrissake!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TV SCREEN (INT. LOBBY/HOTEL - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: CONKLIN/TV
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Mrs. LaPlante just told me that
dialog: Bernard LaPLante spoke to her
dialog: earlier today about "going away on
dialog: a long trip" and wanting to say
dialog: "goodbye" to his ten-year-old son,
dialog: Joey.
speaker_heading: EVELYN/TV
dialog: I didn't know Bernie'd try and jump
dialog: off a building. I didn't
dialog: understand. I just thought he was
dialog: up to his old... I mean, I didn't
dialog: even know...
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE (INT. BEDROOM/HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: TV! Christ Almighty! You cannot
dialog: believe one word on TV! Not one
dialog: goddamn word!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TV SCREEN (INT. LOBBY/HOTEL - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: CONKLIN/TV
dialog: What kind of man is your ex-husband
dialog: Mrs. LaPlante?
speaker_heading: EVELYN/TV
dialog: (bursting into sobs)
dialog: Bernie LaPlante is a wonderful
text: decent human being. Deep down.
dialog: You just have to know him...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE (INT. BEDROOM/SUITE - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: It's all bullshit! I swear to God!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TV SCREEN (INT. LOBBY/HOTEL - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: CONKLIN/TV
dialog: I guess you love your father too,
dialog: Joey?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE (INT. BEDROOM/SUITE - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: LEAVE MY BOY ALONE, YOU ASSHOLE!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TV SCREEN (INT. LOBBY/HOTEL - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Yeah, my dad's great. He took me
dialog: to the zoo.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BERNIE (INT. BEDROOM/SUITE - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: (big love)
speaker_heading: JOEY!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TV SCREEN (INT. LOBBY/HOTEL - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: CONKLIN/TV
dialog: How did you feel, Joey, seeing your
dialog: father up there on that ledge?
speaker_heading: JOEY/TV
dialog: I was scared but... but... but...
speaker_heading: CONKLIN/TV
dialog: But what, son?
speaker_heading: JOEY/TV
dialog: But I knew John Bubber would save
dialog: him!
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER (NIGHT)
text: Chaos. BUBBER is trying to get to the bedroom door, the news
text: conference over, but he's being mobbed by MEDIA PERSONNEL who
text: are SCREAMING questions, scrambling over furniture, blocking
text: his path, jamming CAMERAS and MIKES in his face...
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Were you afraid? Look this way,
dialog: John. John, over here. Mister
dialog: Bubber, do you believe in God?
text: BUBBER is struggling toward the bedroom door when he HEARS a
text: VOICE cutting through the other VOICES.
speaker_heading: GALE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Mister Bubber! Mister Bubber!
speaker_heading: JOHN!
text: BUBBER turns, sees GALE through a "forest" of heads. Their
text: eyes meet, she shouts a question.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: John Bubber... how does a person
dialog: know when he's a hero... and when
dialog: he's not.
text: Their eyes are locked, as if they're the only two in this very
text: crowded room. A private question in a public place. The room
text: becomes quiet as everyone realizes BUBBER is going to respond.
text: BUBBER speaks soberly, directly to GALE.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: Well, like. I said, Miss... uh,
dialog: Gale, I think we're all heroes.
dialog: If you catch us at the right
dialog: moment. We all have something
dialog: noble and decent in us trying to
dialog: get out... and we all have moments
dialog: of weakness.
text: GALE'S eyes are locked with his as he continues...
scene_heading: INT. DEAKINS' OFFICE - NIGHT
text: DEAKINS and WALLACE are watching BUBBER continue on their
dialog: monitor.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TV SCREEN (INT. HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT)
text: BUBBER continues to CAMERA, GALE off screen.
speaker_heading: BUBBER
dialog: It's the media that notices one
dialog: moment and one person and not
dialog: another. I'm just another human
dialog: being like the next person, full
dialog: of frailty with some courage and
dialog: decency mixed in.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DEAKINS (INT. DEAKINS OFFICE - NIGHT)
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: What a crock of shit! Have you
dialog: ever heard more bullshit and
dialog: drivel from somebody who wasn't
dialog: President?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: It's not unthinkable.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: The Presidency. The public loves
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DEAKINS
dialog: For ten more minutes they love
dialog: him, Wally. I'm sick of him and
dialog: I'm always about ten minutes ahead
dialog: of the public.
scene_heading: INT. MONKEY CAGE/ZOO - DAY
text: A "public" of MONKEYS clap hands, applauding a MONKEY who's
dialog: making a "speech."
scene_heading: EXT. MONKEY CAGE/ZOO - DAY
text: BERNIE and JOEY appear, passing in front of the monkey cage,
text: deep in conversation...
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: You remember where I said how I
dialog: was gonna explain about life,
dialog: buddy? Well, the thing about life
dialog: is... it gets weird. See people
dialog: are always gonna be talking to you
dialog: about "truth." Everybody always
dialog: knows what the truth is, like it
dialog: was toilet paper or something and
text: they got a supply in the closet.
dialog: But what you learn as you get older
dialog: is, there ain't no truth.
dialog: All there is is bullshit (pardon
dialog: my vulgarity here). Layers of it.
text: One layer of bullshit on top of
dialog: another. So what you do in life,
dialog: like when you get older, is you pick
dialog: the layer of bullshit you prefer
dialog: and that's your bullshit, so to
dialog: speak. You got that?
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (totally confounded)
dialog: Uh, no.
speaker_heading: BERNIE
dialog: Mmmmm. Well, it's complicated.
dialog: Maybe when you're older. Anyhow,
dialog: what I'm gonna tell you here is in
dialog: strict confidence, okay? It don't
dialog: go no further. What happened is,
dialog: you remember that night I was gonna
dialog: take you to the movies an' it was
text: raining like a sonofabitch,
dialog: (there's gonna be some
dialog: vulgarities)..?
text: BERNIE puts an affectionate arm around JOEY'S shoulder as we
text: NOTICE that BERNIE is wearing brand new shiny shoes very much
text: like his former good shoes, but different colors. As he and
text: JOEY walk off, BERNIE still talking, JOEY puts an arm around
text: his father and an audience of MONKEYS fills the foreground.
scene_heading: MONKEYS.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
