dialog: 
dialog: "Hider in the House," by Lem Dobbs
text: HIDER IN THE HOUSE
dialog: an original screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Lem Dobbs
dialog: September 9, 1987
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - DAY
dialog: On a very lovely street in a very nice neighborhood, Tom
text: Sykes, THE HIDER, is out for a walk. The Hider is a man
text: who blends in well with his surroundings. A good-looking
dialog: man in his thirties. To look at him, you wouldn't know
dialog: there was anything wrong...
text: The Hider walks with such strange grace that he could be
text: on a conveyor belt, a variety of neighborhood houses
text: passing him by, one style after another.
text: Sunlight and shadow play over the Hider's face as he walks,
text: filtered through the lush trees and greenery all around.
text: Then the hedge he's walking past ends and the next house
text: makes him stop. Because it isn't a house yet. It's a
text: half-house. A house under reconstruction. Part built,
text: part torn down, part finished, part matchstick frame. An
text: evolving house, with a swarm of workmen all over it,
text: hammering, sawing, drilling.
text: The Hider stands and watches awhile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - EVENING
text: The workmen have gone. The Hider enters the house from the
text: back where it's all completely open without doors or
dialog: windows.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE
text: The Hider explores in the waning light. There are building
text: materials about. He runs his hand over a pile of bricks.
text: He looks at some wooden boards and planks leaning against
text: a wall. WIND HOWLS through the dark house.
text: He tries the tap on a newly installed sink. Water gushes
dialog: out.
text: Where the main stairway will be is now only a ladder. The
text: Hider climbs it to the next floor. There are a number of
text: rooms; a hallway to more rooms. On a worktable are some
text: plans and blueprints. The Hider looks at them.
text: Behind a door is a narrow little stairway. The Hider goes
dialog: up it to --
speaker_heading: THE ATTIC
text: A fairly large attic, with a small window at one end. The
text: attic is a part of the house that has remained pretty much
text: untouched.
text: The Hider looks up.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF
text: A trap door is opened. The Hider climbs out from the
text: attic. He surveys the scene from up here. Below in the
text: backyard there's an empty swimming pool, a partially
text: completed patio, piles of dirt.
text: Because the house itself has many curves and corners and
text: levels, so does the roof. The Hider jumps down to another
text: section and teeters for a moment where there's a gaping
text: hole (where the skylight will be). He catches himself.
text: The hole goes right through the house all the way to the
dialog: ground floor.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC
text: The Hider drops back in from the roof. He goes to the
text: small window and looks out over the front street and
text: neighborhood. The Hider feels tired. He lies down on the
text: attic floor and curls up.
scene_heading: MAIN TITLES BEGIN.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MONTAGE - EXT./INT. MAIN TITLE SEQUENCE
text: In which we SEE the gradual progress of the house as it
text: grows toward completion -- juxtaposed with the activities
text: of the Hider as he follows his own secret agenda:
text: We SEE builders carefully fit a big skylight into place
text: over that hole in the roof.
dialog: We SEE how the Hider spends his days -- in a library,
text: studying diagrams in a book on Home Improvements.
text: We SEE him in the house at night, up in the attic, working
text: on the floor in some way, hunched so we can't see. He's
text: draped a black cloth over the attic window and is
text: surrounded by candles.
text: We SEE the house taking shape. Carpenters finishing a
dialog: staircase.
text: We SEE the Hider eating alone in a simple cafeteria.
text: We SEE the back of the house at night. The Hider appears
text: over the edge of the roof, rappelling down on a rope,
text: making little toeholds in the wall as he goes. CHINK-CHINK
text: with a small hammer, the SOUND MUFFLED by cloth. The house
text: is quite private from the view of its neighbors, and the
text: section of wall the Hider has chosen for his secret ladder
text: is further shadowed by being an indented corner.
text: We SEE plumbers at work and painters arrive.
text: We SEE the Hider cashing his disability insurance check at
text: a check-cashing place.
text: We SEE the house further along. Painters painting.
text: Electricians wiring. Landscape gardeners planting.
text: We SEE the Hider returning to the house at night, emerging
text: out of shadows. He goes to his special corner, looking
text: around -- and starts climbing. His hands and shoes finding
text: the chinks in the wall only he knows are there. In LONG
text: SHOT, if we see the figure climbing fly-like up the side
text: of the house at all, it's only because we know he's there.
dialog: We SEE locksmiths installing locks on doors. Not that it
dialog: will do any good now.
text: We SEE the Hider drop silently to the ground at night.
text: Newly planted vines help hide his descent even more and
text: cause natural shadows to move on the side of the house in
text: the breeze of the night. The Hider walks down into the
text: empty pool. He stands in the middle of it. There's a full
text: moon. The Hider spreads his arms as if to float backwards.
text: SPLASH! We SEE the Hider backstroking off one end of a
text: long swimming pool. He rolls in the water and swims to the
text: other end where he climbs out. The Hider is strong and
text: powerfully built. He retrieves a towel from a bench. The
dialog: towel says "YMCA."
text: We SEE the Hider at his YMCA locker, after having a shower.
text: Inside is everything he owns in the world. The locker is
text: packed with stuff.
text: We SEE the house nearing completion. Two men with
text: clipboards walk around, checking final details.
text: They go up to the attic. Everything looks fine. They go
text: back down, closing the attic stairway door.
text: We SEE the Hider at a booth in a coffee shop, sketching a
text: diagram in a notebook while he eats.
text: We SEE the house is done. And here the MAIN TITLES PAUSE.
dialog: Because we are almost at the end of our set-up now. Just
dialog: one more important job to be taken care of.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - DAY
text: It's RAINING. The house is all finished. There are no
text: more trucks parked on the street. No more rubble in the
dialog: driveway. Nothing abnormal to set the house apart from any
text: others on the street. The house is still and peaceful in
text: the rain and part of the neighborhood.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD
text: The swimming pool has now been filled with water. And
text: RAINDROPS pound into it.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE
text: The rooms are stark and empty. White walls. Shiny wood
text: floors. Light reflected off their smooth surfaces. Coming
text: through the bare windowpanes.
speaker_heading: RECEPTION HALL
text: Here by the solid front door, the house is an invitation.
text: The hallway leading deeper in. Doors to rooms. The
text: stairway to the next landing. The skylight over all, RAIN
text: spattering up there on the thick glass.
text: The only other NOISE, indistinct, is coming from the attic.
speaker_heading: THE ATTIC
text: The Hider has the house to himself now. He's finishing his
text: wall -- a false wall at the far end of the attic. The real
text: wall goes straight for a while then juts off at an angle
text: to form a sort of alcove. The Hider has bricked off this
text: alcove, giving the illusion of one straight wall running
text: the length of the attic.
scene_heading: THE ATTIC - LATER
text: The rain has stopped. Now the Hider is plastering his
dialog: wall.
scene_heading: THE ATTIC - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The Hider is taking a breather. He stands looking out of
text: the small attic window as he eats a sandwich. To the
text: right, he sees a NASTY NEIGHBOR yell at some Kids who've
text: come to retrieve their ball from his property. The Nasty
text: Neighbor kicks the ball away as hard as he can. On the
text: left, a car pulls into the driveway of the other
text: neighboring house. A mother (the NICE NEIGHBOR) bringing
text: her kids home from school -- a Boy and a Girl. Another boy
text: comes by on a bike, pausing to talk to the first Boy. At
text: a house across the street, the Hider hears a DOOR SHUT and
text: sees a Cleaning Woman in a white uniform walk away along
text: a path.
scene_heading: THE ATTIC - NIGHT
text: The Hider stands back to look over his handiwork. The
text: false wall is now indistinguishable from the real wall.
dialog: Such a good job that one wonders why the Hider built it,
text: why he's cut off the extra space behind it, apparently
dialog: without access...
text: ... but wait. He's made a secret panel in the floor. By
text: pushing down in a certain way then sliding away a section
text: of floorboard, a hole is revealed, cut large enough to fit
text: him like a coffin. He lies in it, covering himself up with
text: the sliding floorboard again, which CLICKS neatly back into
dialog: place, and --
text: BEHIND THE FALSE WALL
text: -- as he rolls under the wall, coming up out of a similar
text: trap on the other side. He slides a floorboard cover into
text: place over it. He pulls down a foam mattress that he's cut
text: to size and blankets from where they've been hooked up.
text: He props up two pillows in place and sits against the front
text: wall beyond which is the street. He looks over his
text: shoulder, pulling the lever of a second vent he's installed
text: in this wall for air and to enable him to look out over the
text: street. Across the way, a mailman delivers mail to houses.
text: A woman walking her dog says hello to the mailman. The
text: Hider looks forward again. He's made a shelf or two for
text: himself. There are a few books, some snacks, a Thermos and
text: plastic bottles of water. He has a few other things. He
text: has a lantern and a flashlight.
text: The space here is big enough for him to lie down with his
text: arms at his sides, or to stand comfortably. Like a monk
text: in his cell, it's a room of his own.
scene_heading: THE ATTIC - DAY
text: Silent. Empty. The Hider behind the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - DAY
text: Oh, and one last thing... a "FOR SALE" sign out in front.
scene_heading: MAIN TITLES END.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A KEY - DAY
text: Turning in the front door.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE
text: A REAL-ESTATE LADY comes in with a Yuppie Couple.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: -- and it's been done up so
dialog: beautifully, you're lucky to be
text: the first people to look at it.
dialog: It's my personal favorite of all
dialog: of our homes.
text: They step into the light of the reception area, their heads
text: turning up instinctively to the skylight.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: The Hider looks tense. And displeased. His privacy has
text: been disturbed. There are strangers in his house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: FOOTSTEPS approaching.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: -- then there's the kitchen, which
text: has been entirely remodelled.
text: She comes in and we SEE that it's a SECOND REAL-ESTATE
text: LADY -- with an Older Couple this time.
text: The wife goes to the sink and turns the tap. She jumps
text: back in fright as it SPITS violently and no water comes
dialog: out.
scene_heading: SECOND REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: (going over)
dialog: That's strange. I what
dialog: could be wrong here.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Another Couple have tried a tap, and this time the faucet
text: has burst -- exploding water at them.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - DAY
text: Ouch! A Single Man scratches his arm on a nasty splinter
text: as he goes through a doorway.
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO - DAY
text: As he comes out, the door now comes unhinged, falling on
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Two Men are led upstairs. Along the way, one of them
text: notices a large patch of dampness on the wall and brings
text: it to the attention of his friend.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF
text: Spreadeagled on the roof as he peeks down through the
dialog: skylight... the Hider.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: A Black Couple are being taken through the house. Suddenly
text: the wife notices something on the floor as they pass -- a
text: "Roach Motel." She and her husband look at each other
text: distastefully.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - DAY
text: The Hider looks over a display of meat. He selects a
dialog: steak.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - DAY
text: The Hider puts the steak away -- underneath the floor of
text: a room.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: A Fat Couple are sniffing the air as they follow a
text: REAL-ESTATE MAN. The Real-Estate Man opens the door to a
text: room -- and a cascade of flies swarms out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - DAY
text: The Fat Couple hurry out, handkerchiefs over their noses,
text: chased by the upset Real-Estate Man.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE MAN
dialog: -- in all new houses there are
text: certain kinks to be ironed out.
text: CRANE UP to that vent in the wall at the very top of the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: He watches the Fat Couple leaving. His expression says:
dialog: "Yeah, that's it, go away, go away, you awful people."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET - DAY
text: A car approaches the house.
scene_heading: INT. AN UPSTAIRS ROOM
text: The Hider is lying on the floor in a patch of sunlight.
text: When he hears the CAR PARK and DOORS OPEN, he stands up in
text: one quick movement and goes to the side of the window.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: The original Real-Estate Lady has come out of the car.
text: While from the other side of the car emerges --
speaker_heading: JULIE DREYER
text: A beautiful woman. She gets out of the car with an
dialog: extraordinary grace.
text: She smooths her skirt with one light brush of her hand.
text: She turns to look at the house, afternoon sunlight falling
text: on one side of her face.
speaker_heading: THE HIDER
text: His face moving closer to the window, though keeping to the
text: side in shadow.
scene_heading: THE HIDER'S FACE
text: A look we haven't seen before. A look of fascination.
text: He's smitten.
speaker_heading: JULIE DREYER
text: Walking toward the house now, glancing gently from side to
text: side, almost gliding.
speaker_heading: THE HIDER
text: steps back from the window, instinctively neatening his
dialog: hair.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS
text: The front door opens and the Real-Estate Lady and Julie
dialog: come in.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: It's been on the market a while,
dialog: hasn't it?
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: Not very long. There have been
text: a couple of bids already.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Because it caught my eye when it
dialog: was in a higher price bracket in
dialog: the listings.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: Oh, yes, well, you know, when
text: developers remodel a house they
dialog: often overestimate their costs at
dialog: first. It's not like it's been
dialog: marked down or anything.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (a sly look)
dialog: Just reduced.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: (concedes with a
dialog: shrug)
dialog: Sometimes they prefer a quicker
dialog: return on their investment.
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: This is a terrific entrance hall,
dialog: What a welcoming feeling.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: Isn't it?
text: Julie steps on a floorboard that CREAKS, but it doesn't
text: seem to bother her. It's clear her first impressions of
dialog: the house are very good.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS - DAY
text: Julie and the Real-Estate Lady come up.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: You'll see that there's really
dialog: much more space than the average
text: three bedroom.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh, space! -- You said the right
dialog: thing.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: How large is your brood?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Two -- three if you count the
dialog: husband.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: We must always count the husband.
dialog: By my count there've been... four.
dialog: But I still live in hope.
text: Julie is looking around, still liking what she sees. She
text: goes into the room the Hider was in.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: Of course he's not here now. Julie walks around the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Well, Phil wasn't sure he wanted
dialog: us to be this far outside the
dialog: city. But we have friends around
dialog: here and something told me I
dialog: should take a look at this house.
dialog: I want to be somewhere surrounded
text: by green.
text: The window the Hider was at has been opened, the
text: branch of a tree swaying outside it, and Julie takes a
text: breath, the air fresh and sweet.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... I just had a feeling.
text: She walks around the room, almost a waltz in beauty. She
text: comes to the closet. She opens the door and looks in, left
text: and right. It's quite empty.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: Above the front bedroom that Julie is in. The Hider is
text: crouched on the floor, a look of contentment on his face.
text: his cheek against the wood like a caress.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THERAPIST'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Hider is sitting in a chair.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: How's the new place?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: It's great. It's clean and airy
text: and quiet -- there are trees and
dialog: flowers. There's still some
dialog: fixing up I have to do, but it's
dialog: coming along.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: And the rent is okay?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Oh, it's nothing. No problem.
dialog: I was really lucky to find this
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: All right then. That's important,
dialog: isn't it? -- For you to be in an
dialog: "up" environment. I'm saying you
dialog: should literally take that as your
dialog: base, do you know what I mean?
dialog: It's something positive that
dialog: you've accomplished -- even if you
dialog: were forced by circumstance --
dialog: something for you to build upon.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: And what about work? Have you had
dialog: any more thoughts about what you'd
dialog: like to be doing now?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Well, I've been doing a little
dialog: independent contracting, some
dialog: carpentry here and there, y'know,
dialog: do-it-yourself-type stuff. I
dialog: still find it very soothing.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: I'm happy that you're working
dialog: again. As long as it comes
dialog: naturally, that's terrific.
dialog: You've always liked working with
dialog: your hands, haven't you?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Yeah, since I was a kid. I had
dialog: a woodwork class once when I
dialog: was... in school that time. Then
dialog: I learned a lot more when I was
dialog: in the --
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: -- hospital.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: -- institution.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: Right.
dialog: (shuffles paper)
dialog: So, you have a new place, you've
dialog: started working a bit -- I'm sure
dialog: you'll be meeting some new people.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Actually, I have met someone.
dialog: There's a woman I think I like.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: Oh, good -- well, I hope you'll
dialog: have more to tell me next time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC STAIRWAY - DAY
text: A twelve-year-old boy, NEIL DREYER, rushes up the steps to
text: the attic.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: The Hider watches through the vent as Neil runs around the
text: attic in a circle then runs out again.
speaker_heading: DOWNSTAIRS
text: Neil runs down the stairs and past Julie, who's with the
dialog: Real-Estate Lady, and past --
speaker_heading: PHIL DREYER
text: Husband and father, who turns around as Neil zooms past.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Neil, calm down.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Neil, don't leave the back doors
dialog: open -- I don't want Holly near
dialog: the pool.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: We'd have to get one of those
text: sliding covers for the pool.
text: The Real-Estate Lady glances with a smile at HOLLY DREYER,
text: five years old, wandering around in the next room.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: Yes -- they're quite inexpensive
dialog: and easy to install.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (taking Julie aside,
dialog: to Real-Estate Lady)
dialog: Do you mind if we --
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: Please -- take as much time as you
dialog: want.
text: The Real-Estate Lady goes to be with Holly while Phil leads
text: Julie into the living room. On the way, Julie happens to
text: notice that the creaking floorboard doesn't anymore.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Phil paces around.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Julie, I just don't think we can
dialog: afford this house.
text: ZOOM to an air-conditioning vent in a wall behind them.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: The Hider is listening on an intercom he's obviously set
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: (mouths the word to
dialog: himself)
dialog: ... "Julie"...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Julie remains still and calm as she watches her husband
text: walk nervously around her.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I hear what you're saying, but I
dialog: know what you're thinking.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: You're thinking exactly what I
dialog: thought when I first saw this
dialog: house,
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: This -- is -- the -- one -- for
dialog: -- us.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Stop knowing me so well.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I know it's at the high end of our
dialog: range --
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: High end? Honey, it's a whole new
dialog: budget.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: But it's what we want.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: You wanted furniture too, didn't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: They don't expect to get what
dialog: they're asking. Let's make an
dialog: offer.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: You want me to bargain at the high
dialog: end of our range? -- I'll have
dialog: a stroke. I've got to save all
dialog: my sweat for my meeting in three
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: You could have a pool to cool off
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (looks out at pool,
dialog: nodding)
dialog: It's a nice pool, isn't it?
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: And it's a shorter commute.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It'll be even shorter if I get
dialog: that new job. Come on.
text: Phil takes her hand and walk out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL - DAY
text: Neil kneels by the pool, splashing his hand in the water.
speaker_heading: JULIE AND PHIL
text: Standing back further in the garden, regarding the house
text: from this viewpoint. Little Holly plays on the grass near
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Let's do it. Take a
dialog: breath and -- and if we're
dialog: over our heads, well, we'll
dialog: sell it. Philip, this is our
dialog: house. You know it is. It's our
dialog: house.
text: Phil is nodding to himself now, her enthusiasm turning him
text: on. Finally he gives in.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: All right, but look, we can't say
dialog: anything to this shark lady now,
dialog: okay? We have to play it real
dialog: cool.
scene_heading: OTHER SIDE OF FENCE
text: The Nasty Neighbor, watering his yard, notices them,
text: particularly Julie, and stares.
speaker_heading: JULIE AND PHIL
text: Starting back to the house.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: What if someone else buys it in
dialog: the meantime?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Honey, nobody buys a house
dialog: overnight -- if someone else comes
dialog: back at them, well, we might have
dialog: to make a counter offer. But we
dialog: can't look too eager or we'll get
dialog: screwed.
speaker_heading: THE POOL
text: The Real-Estate Lady stands by Neil.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: So you've seen a lot of houses
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yeah, a bunch, but my mom really
dialog: likes this one. She was all
dialog: excited when she saw it and got
dialog: my dad all excited when she told
dialog: him about it. He's sick of
text: looking already.
speaker_heading: JULIE AND PHIL
text: Strolling back, trying to look cool.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Are we gonna buy this house?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Do you have enough money?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (to the Real-Estate
dialog: Lady)
dialog: We're going to think about it.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It's very nice, but it's still a
dialog: little pricey for us.
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: (as they go back
dialog: inside)
dialog: Well, Mr. Dreyer, I don't have to
dialog: tell you what an important
text: investment a house is.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Actually, I never recommend
dialog: property to my clients as merely
dialog: a good investment. There are
dialog: bonds that can serve just as well.
dialog: A house for me is a place I want
dialog: to live and raise my family in.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS ROOM
text: There's something shiny on the floor. We HEAR them COMING
text: BACK in. Holly appears, notices the shiny thing, comes to
dialog: pick it up.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Holly comes running out of the room.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Mommy, Mommy, Mommy!
text: Julie sweeps her daughter up in her arms.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I found a cent!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: "Find a penny, pick it up, all day
dialog: long you'll have good luck!"
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: Straining to hear the SOFTLY CRACKLING VOICES on his
text: intercom, he's thrilled that she got the point and shares
text: common folklore with him. He goes "Yeah!" to himself.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS
text: Holly shows the Real-Estate Lady the penny.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Look at my coin!
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: Must be a good omen, sugar.
text: As if on cue, some birds alight on a sunny windowsill
text: nearby and start chirping. Julie is delighted, turning
dialog: Holly to show her.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Must be.
speaker_heading: NEIL
text: tugs his father's arm.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Dad, we can't decide unless Rudolf
dialog: gets to look too!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (to Real-Estate Lady)
dialog: Would you mind if Rudolf had a
dialog: look too?
scene_heading: REAL-ESTATE LADY
dialog: By all means, let's Rudolf's
dialog: opinion.
text: Neil flings open the front door -- and Rudolf comes
dialog: charging in -- barking!
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: The Hider's eyes go wide in alarm.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: Rudolf races right up the stairs!
scene_heading: UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Rudolf rushes toward the attic doorway, his paws sliding
text: on the new floor. He barks.
speaker_heading: DOWNSTAIRS
text: Phil shouts upstairs:
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Rudolf, get down here!
text: WOOF-WOOF! Rudolf reappears. comes charging downstairs,
text: goes running right through the house and --
scene_heading: EXT. BACK PATIO
text: The stupid dog runs right outside and jumps straight in the
dialog: pool.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Oh, gross!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: It's okay -- Rudolf likes the
dialog: house!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hey, c'mon now, get him out of
dialog: there! -- This isn't our house
dialog: yet.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE - DAY
text: The family is leaving. Phil whispering an aside to Julie.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: How were we -- were we cool?
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: Paul Newman in "The Hustler."
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Good -- that's what I was trying
dialog: to project.
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: takes a last look over her shoulder, noticing more birds
text: at another window. A lyrical scene that charms her.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: Lying looking out his vent at her, the Hider bites his hand
text: with glee.
text: CAMERA PANS BACK from him to his shelf... where sits a
text: packet of bird seed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - EVENING
text: The Hider, walking by again, sees that a "SOLD" sticker has
text: been plastered onto the "FOR SALE" sign.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APPLIANCE STORE - DAY
text: The Hider is looking at telephones. He chooses one to buy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - UPSTAIRS BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The Hider is in the house. Doing something at a telephone
text: jack. Then we SEE him unreeling a length of wire into the
text: closet, and we HEAR a DRILL.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM - NIGHT
text: He's run a wire up here and is now connecting it to the
dialog: phone he bought.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Now the Hider is relaxing on his mattress, his phone to his
text: ear. His call is answered.
scene_heading: ANSWER SERVICE
dialog: Dial Answer Service?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Hi, this is Tom Sykes.
scene_heading: ANSWER SERVICE
dialog: Mr. Sykes? Let me see... there
dialog: were two calls for you today. One
dialog: from Dr. Levine at three o'clock
dialog: -- he'd like to reschedule next
dialog: week's appointment, if possible.
dialog: And the dry cleaners called and
dialog: said your jacket is ready.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Oh, yeah, I forgot about that.
dialog: I've been real busy. I just got
dialog: a new phone installed, so I
dialog: thought I'd test it. Okay,
dialog: Claire, thanks a lot, talk to you
dialog: again.
scene_heading: ANSWER SERVICE
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Sykes.
text: The Hider disconnects his phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SEORET ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: He's DRILLING again. Stopping, he blows away the dust and
text: presses his face down to the tiny hole he's made, squinting
text: to see if he can see anything through it. He sits up
text: again, wiping his brow,
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM - DAY
text: He's asleep. Breeze enters through the outside wall vent,
text: rustling his hair. He's awakened by the SOUND of a CAR
text: parking in the driveway. He rolls over and pulls the lever
text: of his vent for a view outside.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE
text: Phil gets out of his car, smiling, holding his hand out.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Come on, honey -- let's go play
text: in the new house.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: He's all excited to see Julie again -- but then his face
dialog: drops.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE
text: Another woman has emerged from the car, taking Phil's hand
text: as he leads her to the front door. A very attractive,
text: toothy young woman. His SECRETARY.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: They come in. The Secretary looking around. She has a
text: certain air of sophistication that makes Phil want to
text: swoon.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Ooh, I like.
text: Phil starts hugging her. They both giggle.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM - DAY
text: They come in.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: And this -- is the master bedroom.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Oh yeah? Where's the bed?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Right over here.
text: The room is still completely empty, but he goes and
text: outlines where the bed will be.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Is it a king or a queen?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: It's a double.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Even better.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (starting to nibble
dialog: her neck)
dialog: Even cosier.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: That's right -- you got the bill
dialog: this morning. I put it on your
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Thank you -- how efficient of you.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: His face is to the floor, looking through the peephole he
dialog: made.
text: THROUGH THE PEEPHOLE
text: He sees the two of them dropping to the floor, Phil's hand
text: going up under his Secretary's skirt, helping her tug down
text: her pantyhose.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: He recoils. He's disgusted by this. But more than that,
text: he's angry -- angry for Julie. She's married to this
text: bastard. The Hider gets more and more incensed as he
dialog: thinks about it.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - LATER
text: Phil is on his feet again, buckling his pants. His
text: Secretary is pulling her pantyhose back on.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - LATER
text: Phil and his Secretary on their way out, Phil pausing to
text: punch in the code on the security box.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: When we move in, everyone's going
dialog: to have to learn to work this
dialog: complicated security system.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE
text: Phil and his Secretary come out. Phil double-locks the
text: front door, proudly showing his Secretary the key to his
text: new house. His face flushed with contentment.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: The Hider watches them leave. His face flushed with anger
dialog: and hatred.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MONTAGE - INT/EXT. THE HOUSE - DAY
text: Moving day as the Dreyers move into their new house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: There are boxes and things in the entrance hall, and VOICES
text: coming from the living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: The family cheers as a clear picture appears on a big color
text: TV and Phil emerges from behind it.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Okay! We have TV! We can all get
dialog: stupid again!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: What about cable?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: We'll get cable when the cable
dialog: company is good and ready -- you
dialog: think you can survive till then?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Gimme a break, Neil -- your father
dialog: just spent three hours connecting
dialog: the VCR.
text: Neil pushes a button to play a tape -- and we SEE Steve
text: McQueen in solitary confinement in "Papillion" or "The
dialog: Great Escape."
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: All right, that's enough for one
dialog: day -- I want everyone up at the
dialog: crack of dawn. We have the whole
dialog: weekend to get this place in
dialog: shape.
text: Everyone moans, too excited to go to bed, as he turns off
text: the VCR and the TV and everyone upstairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEIL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: He dumps out of a box more cars, guns, soldiers and robots
dialog: than we've ever seen.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
text: Phil looks out the window over his new street before
text: hanging up a sheet as a temporary curtain. It falls down.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S ROOM
text: Julie sits on the bed, reading Holly a bedtime story.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: '"... or I'll huff and I'll puff
dialog: and I'll blow your house down!"
dialog: And inside their new house, the
dialog: three little pigs just laughed -- '
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: 'Who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf,
dialog: the Big Bad Wolf...'
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Rudolf the dog sniffs at the closed attic door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The "FOR SALE" sign is gone, of course. The Dreyers' two
text: cars are in the driveway. There are lights on in the
text: house. One by one they go out. And then... up in what
text: seems to be the attic... a single light... comes on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - DAY
text: The Hider is at a perfume counter.
speaker_heading: SALESGIRL
dialog: Are you being helped, sir?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I'm looking for some perfume.
speaker_heading: SALESGIRL
dialog: Any particular brand?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Well, it's for a woman.
speaker_heading: SALESGIRL
dialog: (laughs, although the
dialog: Hider wasn't being
dialog: humorous)
dialog: Wife, girlfriend or mother?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Oh -- uh -- girlfriend.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Julie turns to her kids, who are finishing breakfast.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: C'mon, kids, let's go.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: "We don't want to be late for our
dialog: first day of school."
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (looking in
dialog: refrigerator)
dialog: All right, who ate the last piece
dialog: of cheesecake?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I didn't.
text: He jabs his little sister in the ribs.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Now, Neil. Stop teasing your
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (slams refrigerator
dialog: door)
dialog: Damn.
text: Holly turns her head, deadpan, as she watches her Dad walk
text: out of the kitchen.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: Phil walks from the house toward his car -- when he sees
text: the Nasty Neighbor kick a paper cup from his drive onto
dialog: Phil's.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hey -- uh, excuse me.
text: He goes over. The Nasty Neighbor turns around and stares
text: at him.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I didn't kick this onto your
dialog: property.
text: Phil tosses it into a nearby brand-new garbage can on his
text: side of their common border.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing; holds out
dialog: his hand)
dialog: Phil Dreyer -- we just moved in
dialog: over here.
text: The Nasty Neighbor stares at him.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: I see you have kids -- and a dog.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: Just keep 'em quiet and away from
dialog: my property.
text: He walks away, muttering something under his breath. Phil
text: is stunned by this impoliteness -- as Julie comes out with
text: the kids and the dog, ushering them into her car, then
text: coming over to Phil.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Did you hear that?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Did you hear what he said?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: He made, you know, a remark.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Honey, are you okay?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: -- And keep my kids away from his
dialog: property -- who the hell does he
dialog: think he is? Some nice
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Honey, the meeting today is going
dialog: to be fine. Don't get in an
text: uproar.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I know. It's just having to pass
dialog: muster with these juniors before
dialog: the senior partner even agrees to
dialog: see me.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: It's just a dumb game they play.
dialog: You want to be at a bigger firm,
dialog: get used to the politics.
scene_heading: NEIL AND HOLLY
dialog: (in b.g.)
speaker_heading: MOM!
text: Julie gives Phil a hug.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Kill 'em.
speaker_heading: HIGH ANGLE
text: A VIEW DOWN on the driveway from, say, the attic of the
text: house. We SEE Phil give Julie a perfunctory kiss. He
text: waves to the kids as he goes to his car but first turns
text: to the garbage can, picks out the paper cup, and tosses it
text: over the Nasty Neighbor's fence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JULIE'S CAR - DAY
text: She parks the car -- and turns to Neil.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Good luck, kid,
text: Neil doesn't find that particular amusing. He looks with
text: a frown at where they've arrived -- his new school. He
text: reluctantly gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey.
dialog: (leans for a kiss)
dialog: Have a nice time -- it's a good
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Bye, Neil!
speaker_heading: NEIL
text: As Julie drives away, he turns around to see --
text: -- a terrifying, brutish kid staring malevolently at him
text: and making kissing sounds. This is the BULLY.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: (mimicking
dialog: sarcastically)
dialog: "Bye, Mom -- Bye, Mommy."
text: The Bully has two Goons flanking him, also making kissing
text: noises, and giggling at Neil's expense.
text: Neil just thinks to himself, "Oh, Christ."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - DAY
text: Alone in the house now, the Hider descends from the attic,
text: coming cautiously out of the attic doorway.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - DAY
text: The Hider, listening for sounds from the driveway outside,
text: pulls a shirt of Phil's from a laundry basket. He starts
text: pouring perfume on it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUP SCHOOL - DAY
text: Julie takes Holly inside with other small children
dialog: and their parents.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - DAY
text: Neil leans against a wall, frown on his face, hands in his
text: pockets. Watching a game of kickball he hasn't been
text: invited to join in. Suddenly, the Bully and his Goons are
text: standing in front of him.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: So, Neil. How's it goin'?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: I'm Bernard, by the way. Those
dialog: are cool Reeboks, Neil. They're
dialog: real new, aren't they?
text: The Bully scuffs Neil's new Reeboks with his own shoe.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Hey, c'mon.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: They're really white.
text: The Bully's two Goons join in, all smearing their shoes on
dialog: Neil's.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Hey, c'mon, you guys, lay off.
text: He tries to move forward, but the Bully pushes him back
text: against the wall and holds him there while the two Goons
text: continue messing up Neil's shoes.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: We gotta break 'em in for you.
dialog: You don't wanna go 'round lookin'
dialog: like a new dil-wad, do ya?
text: He points to something on Neil's shirt. Neil looks down
text: and the Bully slaps his face. The Bully walks away, giving
text: Neil a shove. His Goons do the same. Presently, two
text: FRIENDLY BOYS come up to Neil (one is the boy who lives
text: next door to Neil).
scene_heading: FRIENDLY BOY
dialog: You met Bernard. Nice guy, huh?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - DAY
text: Julie's car comes back. She gets out with the dog. She's
text: juggling two bags of groceries. She drops one of them and
text: after bending over to pick it up hears a NOISE, turns to
text: see the Nasty Neighbor leering at her. She goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL
text: Putting the bags down, Julie peeks past the blind at the
text: window next to the door, watching the Nasty Neighbor go
text: back to his house. She sees the Nasty Neighbor's Wife
text: there, giving the Nasty Neighbor a hard time. The Nasty
text: Neighbor ignores his wife, walking past her into their
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - DAY
text: Julie is putting laundry into the washer. We HEAR a SMALL
text: NOISE in the house that she doesn't seem to notice. She
text: sorts out some clothes. Then pauses, pilling out a shirt
text: of her husband's. She holds the collar up to her nose.
text: Something bothers her. She smells the collar again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THERAPIST'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Hider looks pensive.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Yeah, things are moving along, but
dialog: she's still involved with this
dialog: other guy and it's a little
dialog: tricky.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: Listen, no one ever said
dialog: expressing yourself to the
dialog: opposite sex is easy, but when the
dialog: time comes, you have to do it and
dialog: you hope the outcome will be good
dialog: for both of you.
dialog: You come out of solitary and you
dialog: rejoin the human race, as
dialog: difficult as that sometimes can
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: When I was a child... I got used
text: to the closets. The boxes. The
text: cabinet under the kitchen sink...
dialog: with that persistent drip. I
text: used to the smell of the boxes.
dialog: Wood. Cardboard. I got so I was
text: comfortable there in the dark.
dialog: Even... even that old refrigerator
text: in the yard. That smelled like
text: rust and decay.
dialog: (pause)
text: It was safe in the boxes. It was
dialog: when they took me out --
dialog: You don't want to know what his parents did to him when
text: they took him out of the boxes.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: In the institution... when you
dialog: were violent... did you want them
dialog: to put you in solitary
dialog: confinement?
text: He watches the Hider.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I guess so. I mean, I know I'm
dialog: responsible for my own actions.
dialog: It was never because I was angry
dialog: with anyone. I didn't mean to
dialog: hurt anyone ever.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: You're responsible for your own
dialog: actions and you don't mean to hurt
dialog: anyone. In other words, you've
dialog: done your best. I'm saying don't
dialog: carry the burden of other people's
dialog: actions on your shoulders, because
dialog: they're beyond your control.
text: The Hider nods in agreement. There's a pause.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: (continuing; softer)
dialog: Are you still afraid of your
dialog: parents? Of them finding you?
text: The Hider shifts uncomfortably in his chair.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: That was years and years ago.
dialog: They must be very old now, if
dialog: they're still alive.
text: He puts on a brave face.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: No, my parents don't worry me
dialog: anymore. I mean, that's why I was
dialog: ultimately released, wasn't it?
dialog: I mean, even with the state
text: closing down the hospital and all.
dialog: Because I'm able to be on my own
dialog: at last.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I'm cured.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Family life. Holly is playing with toys in the living room
text: with the dog. Neil trails after his mother, who's moving
text: back and forth from the kitchen to the dining room.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Why can't you just drive me to my
dialog: old school every morning?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Because you'd have to get up at
dialog: five a.m., would you like that?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I could take a cab on the way
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Here, take this out to the table.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: But there's this psycho. Really.
dialog: Mom, there's a psycho I have to
dialog: deal with every day. I don't know
dialog: why they let a psycho even go to
dialog: school!
text: She pushes him out of the room. She looks at Phil, who's
text: tossing a salad.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: How was lunch?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: How was your lunch with Charlie?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Oh -- great.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Well, did he hear anything about
dialog: your prospects for the new job?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: No. If I hear anything you'll be
dialog: the first to know, all right?
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: watches him take the salad out to the dining room. We HEAR
text: HIS VOICE from out there, saying the typical kind of thing
text: a parent says in a child-filled house when he's trying to
dialog: clear the table for dinner:
speaker_heading: PHIL (O.S.)
dialog: Whose is this? Who left this
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEIL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: He's fast asleep. So is the dog on the floor. A mask of
text: a bearded man hangs from a chair.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: She's fast asleep. A Disney mobile twirls gently in the
text: air overhead.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Julie and Phil fast asleep. She's turned toward him. He's
text: turned away from her.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The dog scratches again at the attic door... which slowly
text: starts to open.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - DAY
text: A Sunday-lunch housewarming party is in progress. Julie
text: is greeting Phil's friend, CHARLIE, who's just arrived with
dialog: his wife.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (handing over a
dialog: present)
dialog: -- A little something for the new
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh, thank you, Charlie.
text: Other guests are in the living room.
scene_heading: EXT. THE POOL - DAY
text: Some cute teenage girls in bikinis are lounging around the
text: pool. They're giggling as they pass a cigarette of some
text: kind between them, checking over their shoulders that there
dialog: are no adults around.
text: AT THE BACK OF THE GARDEN
text: Neil and his two Friends from his new school are spying on
text: the girls. Behind them, a rope ladder dangles from a
text: treehouse under construction.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: God, your sister's really hot.
speaker_heading: NEIL'S FRIEND #1
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: NEIL'S FRIEND #2
dialog: She is.
speaker_heading: NEIL'S FRIEND #1
dialog: Don't look at her. Look at the
dialog: other ones.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: The guests are eating now.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Well, the neighbors are a little
dialog: weird -- other than that...
text: Another couple, the Nice Neighbors, laugh at that. (The
text: woman is the mother next door who the Hider saw come home
dialog: that day.)
speaker_heading: NICE MAN
dialog: Thanks a lot.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Present company excepted -- it's
dialog: the neighbors out there to the
dialog: right who are a bit strange.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Yeah, I caught him looking at me
dialog: the other day.
speaker_heading: NICE WOMAN
dialog: In all the years we've lived here,
dialog: I don't think we've spoken a word
dialog: to them, have we, hon?
speaker_heading: NICE MAN
dialog: Sometimes when I go to the
text: hospital early in the morning,
dialog: I've seen him coming home. Maybe
text: he works at night.
speaker_heading: NICE WOMAN
dialog: You'll probably see the wife once
text: in a while at the supermarket.
dialog: Truly one of the walking dead.
text: More easy laughter. A very sensual woman, RITA, smokes a
text: cigarette and gives Julie a wink. Julie smiles back.
text: Clearly they're best friends.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sounds like your normal upper-
dialog: middle-class neighborhood to me.
scene_heading: EXT. THE POOL - DAY
text: The girls go away. The boys emerge from their hiding
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Let's follow 'em.
speaker_heading: NEIL'S FRIEND #1
dialog: What for, dickweed?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: It's fun.
speaker_heading: NEIL'S FRIEND #1
dialog: Grow up, Dreyer.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Julie is making coffee in here with Rita.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: You've done a really great job
dialog: with the house. It's great!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Yeah. There's still a lot I want
dialog: to do. It's not quite... the kids
dialog: aren't really settled in yet.
dialog: Even the dog has been terribly
text: high-strung and whines a lot since
dialog: we've been here. Look, he hasn't
dialog: even come in for his food today.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: So you don't have anything
dialog: concrete?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: No, I told you. A whiff of
text: perfume on his shirt.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Have you just plain asked him?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I've asked him what's wrong.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: The same thing -- his business
dialog: pressures, the whole move and
text: everything. He's frantic about
dialog: nailing this new job, worried
dialog: about screwing over his present
dialog: boss.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: I'm sure that's all it is, honey.
dialog: Maybe you both just need a
dialog: vacation.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I've tried to get him to agree to
dialog: one. I just -- I don't know...
dialog: I'm getting such weird vibes
dialog: lately.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: Don't drive yourself crazy. It's
dialog: probably nothing.
text: The boys come in from the backyard.
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (continuing; flirting
dialog: shamelessly)
dialog: Hi, Neil.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Hi. We're going to the mall.
text: He and his friends go out.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Rita, he's only twelve years old,
speaker_heading: RITA
dialog: (raising her drink)
dialog: He'll never appreciate it more.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Julie lifts Holly up into her lap, then engrossed in
text: conversation doesn't pay attention when Holly climbs back
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: NICE WOMAN
dialog: ... No, not really. We do hear
dialog: of break-ins now and again, but
dialog: it's generally a real low-crime
dialog: area. We've never had any
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Is there any kind of Neighborhood
dialog: Watch or --
speaker_heading: NICE MAN
text: (puts arm around his
dialog: wife)
dialog: You're talking to her.
text: His wife laughs and gives him a playful slap on the arm.
text: Phil seems to be flirting with Rita. Holly walks out of
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL
text: Holly comes out from the room.
text: She starts along toward... the door out to the pool
text: that's been left wide open.
scene_heading: EXT. THE POOL
text: Holly comes out. She walks to the pool. She walks to the
text: edge and looks over the water, walks further on --
text: toward the deep end. She crouches the there. She
text: picks up a leaf and tosses it in the pool and watches it
text: float. She reaches to bring it back but it's already
text: floated too far out. She reaches further, leaning over the
text: deep water and -- SUDDENLY two big hands lunge at her back
text: -- as if to push her in -- but they grab her to stop her
text: falling in, and lift her up in the air, running back to the
text: house with her, pushing her inside and shutting the door
text: with a definite CLICK behind her,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Julie and Phil are cleaning up after their housewarming.
text: Julie is looking at a very pretty green vase among other
dialog: presents.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Do you remember who gave us this?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: There's no card or anything.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Julie and Phil in bed.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I hear things in this house,
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: All new houses have noises.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: How long does it have to be a new
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: One day before we know it it'll
dialog: be an old house and we'll be old
dialog: in it -- and I'll still be paying
dialog: for it.
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: Neil's still having a bad time at
dialog: school. I feel terrible seeing
text: him so upset all the time.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: He's made some friends, hasn't he?
text: Julie is starting to give Phil little nibbles on his neck.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I mean, he's a smart kid, he'll
dialog: get by -- he takes after me.
dialog: You're too sensitive.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (seductively)
dialog: I know someone else who's
dialog: sensitive.
text: She's rubbing him under the covers.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (had enough of this)
dialog: Honey, I have a lot of meetings
text: in the morning.
text: He turns away.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You never know when, do you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: All quiet.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: He wakes up. He's restless. He's hot. He reaches for one
text: of his water bottles, but it's empty. He licks his lips.
text: Now that he's thought about having a drink, he can't get
text: the idea out of his mind. He lies down again, but soon
text: sits up. He's starting to feel a little trapped.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC - NIGHT
text: The Hider emerges out of his secret panel in the floor.
text: He's holding an water bottle.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: The door from the attic stairway slowly opens. The Hider
text: carefully steps out. He looks one way -- all clear --
text: looks the other -- and stops dead in his tracks.
text: Holly is standing at the other end of the hall looking at
text: him. She rubs her eyes sleepily. When she looks again,
text: the Hider is gone.
text: Holly turns around and walks to her parents' door where she
text: knocks.
text: Julie opens the door, looking down at Holly.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Baby, what is it?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: I'm thirsty.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Aw, okay.
text: She starts to lead Holly down the main stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: He's back in hiding, and hitting himself for his
text: carelessness, sweating more than ever, desperately afraid
dialog: that he almost blew the whole deal.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN STAIRS
text: Julie holds Holly's hand as they descend the dark stairs.
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: It's the middle of the night,
dialog: sweetie.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: A man scared me.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: A man? Was it a dream?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - MORNING
text: The family have breakfast. Phil reads the "Wall Street
text: Journal," not even looking at his toast as he lifts it to
text: his mouth. Julie feels ignored.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Has anyone seen Rudolf? I don't
dialog: think he came in last night.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: No, honey, I haven't seen him.
dialog: Didn't you feed him this morning?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: (screams)
speaker_heading: RUDOLF!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Neil, do you mind?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: (softer)
dialog: Rudolf? C'mere, Rudolf!
text: Holly is drawing a picture.
scene_heading: HOLLY'S PICTURE
text: A dark silhouette of a man's shape.
speaker_heading: NEIL (O.S.)
dialog: Rudolf!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Phil cradles Holly on the couch. She's crying. The family
dialog: watch TV.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Don't cry, honey, Rudolf knows how
dialog: to take care of himself. I'm sure
dialog: he's okay. Maybe he just went on
dialog: a trip.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Like our vacation? Are we still
dialog: going?
text: Phil looks at Julie.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yeah, I guess it would be
dialog: good for us to get away for a
dialog: while. Maybe Rudolf got the same
dialog: idea. Dogs need a change of
text: scene, too, from time to time.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (strokes Holly's hair)
dialog: Someone nice will find him if he
dialog: gets lost.
text: Neil gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I hate it here! I hate it!
text: He runs out and upstairs. Julie and Phil look at each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: The Hider sits at the counter, eating a simple meal. It's
text: late. There are a few other lonely people at the counter
text: or in booths. A faded WAITRESS. It's an American scene.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (flirting slightly)
dialog: You didn't finish your greens, but
dialog: I'll let you have some dessert.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: (picking up check)
dialog: No, thank you.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Come on, you know you want some.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: No, not tonight, I have to be
text: getting on home.
text: He leaves enough money on the counter and turns away. The
text: Waitress's hopes go with him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Hider, like the human fly, crawls up the side of the
text: house using his toeholds, shielded by the vines and
dialog: shadows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - ENTRANCE HALL - DAY
text: Neil is walking away from his dad.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: All right then, if I have to go
dialog: to school then I'd better go.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Why? I just read your report
dialog: card. What's the point? Stay
dialog: home, watch some television, we'll
dialog: get "Mad" magazine delivered.
dialog: (waves report card)
dialog: What kind of report card do you
dialog: call this?!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I've been going through a lot of
dialog: personal crap, all right?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Oh really? You've been going
dialog: through a lot of personal crap.
dialog: You, Princess Di and Madonna?
text: Neil coughs.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: If you want that baseball jacket
dialog: for your birthday, Neil, learn to
text: cough a little more realistically.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I have a cold.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What did the thermometer say?
speaker_heading: NEIL
text: The thermometer's broken.
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: He doesn't have a temperature.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I can't help it if my homework is
text: torn to shreds three times a week
dialog: by someone much bigger than me.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Y'know what? I'm ready to cancel
dialog: our trip. I really am. I've had
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: And I can't help having a cold.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What d'you want me to do, Neil?
dialog: I've told you we'll get another
dialog: dog. What does EVERYONE want me
dialog: to do? You want to move back?
dialog: Huh? Would you like that? Should
dialog: we all just pack up again and MOVE
dialog: BACK?!
text: This yell resounds throughout the entire house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET - DAY
text: Neil is walking home from school. He HEARS something and
text: looks back nervously. Suddenly, the Bully and his Goons
text: come out of some trees, surrounding Neil.
text: Immediately they start shoving him around a bit, taking his
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Give it here, Bernard.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: Whoa, check it out.
text: A new fountain-pen set he finds in Neil's bag.
speaker_heading: NEIL.
dialog: Put it back!
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: Nice pen, Neil.
text: He shakes it at Neil, spraying ink all over the new
text: baseball jacket he's wearing -- then stabs the nib into a
dialog: tree.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Fucker!
text: The Goons hold Neil back. The Bully hits Neil.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: Don't call me a fucker, you little
dialog: asshole.
text: He yanks a pocket of Neil's jacket until it tears. Neil
text: tries to get him again but one of the Goons trips him.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey, you're really clumsy, Neil.
dialog: Look at the mess you made.
text: He dumps the rest of the contents of Neil's bag over Neil's
text: head and walks away laughing cruelly with his Goons. Neil
text: looks at his jacket and calls after them.
speaker_heading: NEIL
speaker_heading: FUCKERS!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET - DAY
text: Now the Bully is walking home. Alone. Suddenly he stops.
text: There's a dollar on the ground in front of him. He bends
text: to pick it up -- and a hand CLAMPS over his face and pulls
text: him into some bushes.
text: IN THE BUSHES
text: The Bully is dragged deeper in. He struggles in sheer
text: panic. He's twisted around momentarily. His face is
text: filled with fear as he glimpses his attacker.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: Please -- please --
text: The Hider's big hand muffles him again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - LAUNDRY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Julie flattens the baseball jacket out to have a look with
text: Neil. It looks all right. We HEAR a PHONE RING and PHIL
text: ANSWER it.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Thank God.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I think we got it just in time
dialog: before the ink dried.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Whew.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: The pocket's a cinch -- I'll sew
dialog: it up for you after dinner, okay?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Thanks, Mom.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Phil is about to hang up. Holly sits at the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Oh, gee, well, thanks for letting
dialog: us know. Goodbye.
dialog: (there's a double
dialog: click)
dialog: Hello?
text: He hangs up. Julie and Neil come in.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Oh boy, I just heard something
dialog: horrible. That was Audrey next
dialog: door. Neil, do you know a boy
dialog: named Bernard Gunther?
text: Neil looks up in alarm.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing)
text: He lives on the other side of the
dialog: hill, I guess, so don't get too
text: scared, but it looks like he was
dialog: just, I don't know, attacked on
text: his way home from school. Audrey
dialog: heard that he was...
text: (catches himself with
dialog: a sigh)
dialog: ... well, apparently he's in the
text: hospital now. One of his legs
dialog: was... They don't know if he'll
dialog: ever walk properly again.
text: In the silence and dread that follow, no one notices the
text: great big beaming smile of sheer God-given good fortune
text: that breaks out on Neil's face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Phil has a grin on his face.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Really?
text: Across the table from him is his Secretary.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Really.
text: Under the table she's slipped off a shoe and is running her
text: stockinged foot up his thigh.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Promise?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Promise.
text: In the b.g. the Hider sits at another table alone.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I'd like that.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Would you?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Uh huh.
text: The Hider takes a book of matches from the ashtray on his
text: table and plays with it.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - EVENING
text: Phil comes upstairs looking for something. Neil walks by
text: wearing his bearded-man mask and goes downstairs.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Honey! Was the paper delivered
dialog: today?
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
text: Julie is for their trip.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I think so! Didn't you take it
dialog: in?
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: The Hider isn't here. But more stuff is. A cork bulletin
text: board has been put up. On the bulletin board are all sorts
text: of pictures, clippings, bits and pieces. Things that
text: interest the Hider. There's a calendar with "VACATION!"
text: marked prominently. And underneath on his mattress lies
text: the newspaper. Folded to the movie-listings page.
scene_heading: INT. WALK-IN CLOSET - MASTER BEDROOM
text: Julie takes one of Phil's jackets and something falls out
text: of the pocket. She bends to pick up whatever it is.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Neil, wearing his bearded-man mask, joins his sister on the
text: couch to watch TV. She pays no attention to him.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
text: Phil is trying to look stunned.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: The old incriminating matchbook!
dialog: Are you kidding me?! The oldest
dialog: cliche in the world!
text: Julie is looking mad.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: No, I'm not kidding you, Philip.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What next?! -- A strange bra
dialog: under my pillow!
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATRE - EVENING
text: The Hider munches popcorn slowly as he watches a romantic
text: scene. He's quite swept up by it.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Phil tosses the incriminating matchbook onto the bed.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I remember what day you wore that
dialog: jacket. It was Monday. The day
dialog: you were all day in meetings
dialog: again? And had to send out for
dialog: sandwiches?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Honey, you know what I've been
dialog: like lately... I've been a total
dialog: zombie. I have no idea what that
dialog: was doing in my pocket.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Well, what about these?
dialog: (taking something else
dialog: out)
dialog: Do you usually put your carbons
dialog: in your pocket, too?!
text: Her wild card. She flings them in his face and storms into
text: the adjoining bathroom. Phil stares at the torn-in-half
text: carbons. He can't believe it. Didn't he leave them in the
dialog: restaurant? Is he getting absent-minded?
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Julie packs more things as Phil comes in.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Sweetheart, this is a very risky
dialog: time for me right now. Maybe you
dialog: don't appreciate that.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I don't care, Philip. You want
dialog: to go chasing Barbara Zelman, go
dialog: ahead. Just watch out for those
text: buck teeth.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Barbara Zelman? I don't believe
dialog: this!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Do you usually pay for Charlie?
dialog: At "Trattoria Valentino"?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Honey, I can't track of all
dialog: the meals Charlie and I have been
dialog: having. This is a delicate time.
dialog: If it leaks out that I'm jumping
dialog: ship before I'm set up someplace
dialog: else I could be out on my ear
dialog: before I'm ready with nothing.
dialog: With nothing.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (going back to the
dialog: bedroom)
dialog: There are people who do things
dialog: because they want to get caught.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
text: Phil comes out of the bathroom.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Who told you that -- someone on
dialog: the radio?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Fuck you, Philip.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A LIVELY STREET - NIGHT
text: The Hider strolls along, drinking a soft drink through a
text: straw. He passes a flower stand and pauses to look at the
text: arrangements. He turns a reel of seed packets, and pulls
text: one of the packets out to look at. Just then he hears a
text: NOISE and turns to witness --
scene_heading: A MINOR ACCIDENT
text: A car cuts off a bicyclist. The bicyclist falls off his
text: bike -- scraping his knee quite severely. Other onlookers
text: go to his aid. We SEE where his trouser leg was torn and
text: the bloody kneecap.
speaker_heading: THE HIDER
text: thinks it's funny. The Hider laughs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Julie is crying softly in the aftermath of the argument,
text: pouring herself a cup of tea. Phil is consoling her.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I thought we'd be happy here.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (holds her)
dialog: Honey, I'm sorry, I think the
dialog: vacation will be a good break for
dialog: both of us. You'll see.
text: She nods, taking her tea, and they go out. Phil shuts the
text: light as they leave -- and we SEE the Hider's face at the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - DAY
text: Vacation time. Phil tries rounding everyone up.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: The cab's waiting!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Where should I hide the car keys?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I don't know -- put 'em in the
dialog: drawer with all the Chinese take-
dialog: away menus.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (goes to do so)
dialog: Did you lock the garage door?
text: Neil thinks he's taking along a gigantic plastic Rambo
text: machine gun. Phil discourages him by grabbing it out of
text: his hands and putting it somewhere.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - DAY
text: Phil makes sure the front door is double-locked, then joins
text: the others in the cab.
text: The cab doors SLAM. The cab drives away.
speaker_heading: PHIL (O.S.)
dialog: Did you set the timer switches for
dialog: the lights?
text: The house stands alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Room in shadow. Then CLICK -- a lamp comes on.
text: Illuminating the Hider sitting on the couch. Here in the
dialog: silent house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Whistling, the Hider strolls in, opens a cabinet, takes out
text: a box of Raisin Bran, then finds a bowl for himself.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The Hider watches a sporting event on TELEVISION, keeping
text: the SOUND LOW.
scene_heading: INT. NEIL'S ROOM - DAY
text: The Hider plays with Neil's train set.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - DAY
text: The Hider peers through the skylight. We HEAR the SOUND
text: of a VACUUM CLEANER.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: A Cleaning Woman goes through the house.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Mail has been neatly put on the table. Out in the entrance
text: hall, we SEE the Cleaning Woman leave, locking the front
text: door after her. The Hider steps INTO VIEW from the
text: kitchen. He sits at the table to go through the mail. He
text: opens a letter that's addressed to "OCCUPANT."
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - DAY
text: He plants some flower seeds using a gardening trowel.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - EVENING
text: The Hider has a bath. He smells a bar of soap,
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The Hider gets into the bed. He strokes her pillow. He
text: smells it. He puts his head gently on it. He's happy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THERAPIST'S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: The Hider looks quite content today.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: And how are things with your lady
dialog: friend, if I may call her that?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Oh, fine. She's gone away for a
dialog: little while and when she comes
dialog: back I've sort of resolved to
dialog: really tell her how much I care
dialog: for her.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: That's terrific. Don't be afraid
dialog: to be demonstrative. You're
text: sounding a lot more confident than
dialog: when we last spoke.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I am. I'm really feeling pretty
dialog: good. I have a much stronger
dialog: sense of how far I've come.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: As long as you keep remembering
dialog: why.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Well, we talked about the whole
dialog: disapproval thing.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: The whole disapproval thing. If
dialog: you allow yourself to get into a
dialog: situation where someone else's
dialog: potential disapproval becomes the
dialog: focal point of your life -- then
dialog: you're back to a life of fear,
dialog: aren't you? -- You're a prisoner
dialog: to that again, and that isn't much
dialog: of a life.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I understand that.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: And please, don't for God's sake
dialog: misinterpret that as being the
dialog: voice of discouragement in any
dialog: way --
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: No, no, no, no.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: On the contrary -- this is
dialog: tremendous. I mean, we're all
dialog: frightened to death of disapproval
dialog: and we're constantly hiding behind
dialog: these layers we manufacture for
dialog: ourselves -- and I'm not saying
dialog: we should, you know, declare
dialog: ourselves unhesitatingly to our
dialog: fellow human beings in the
dialog: interests of total openness and
dialog: honesty --
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: That would be stupid.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: That would be monumentally stupid.
dialog: All I'm saying is --
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: -- a sense of proportion.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: (nods emphatically)
text: A sense of proportion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - BY THE PATIO DOORS - NIGHT
text: A SCRATCHING at the glass. Then a TAP. And a CLINK. And
text: a CLICK. And the curtain stirs -- and a Burglar slips in.
text: He crouches by the floor a moment, listening and getting
dialog: accustomed to the dark.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Burglar opens the drawers of some cabinets in here.
text: Looking for loot. It's after midnight and the lights are
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Burglar comes in. He goes over to the TV and crouches
text: down to look at the VCR in the trolley underneath. He runs
text: his hand over its smooth surface, then suddenly leans
text: forward to unscrew cables at the back. This abrupt
text: movement probably extends his life by a few minutes --
text: because when a hammer comes down on his head, the blow is
text: only a glancing one.
text: The Burglar groans and turns -- the Hider was thrown off-
text: balance by his miss -- and the Burglar has enough time to
text: put an arm up for protection -- the second blow shattering
text: his elbow. He cries out in pain, but he's a strong man
text: himself. He's a match for the Hider! He manages to grab
text: the Hider's ankle at the same time and pull him completely
text: off-balance -- the Hider throwing his arm out to stop
text: himself falling, knocking to the floor the vase he bought
text: for Julie -- landing on the floor himself as it SMASHES
text: alongside him -- and with a great gasp the Burglar pushes
text: the big television off the trolley onto the Hider.
text: The Hider has the wind knocked out of him as the big TV
text: lands heavily onto his chest, nearly squashing him like a
text: bug. The Burglar is already running away, clutching his
text: broken elbow -- but the Hider's powerful arm shoots out to
text: catch his leg, pulling the Burglar back, while with an
text: almost superhuman effort the Hider heaves the TV off his
dialog: chest.
text: The Burglar struggles with all his might. The two men
text: wrestle on the living room floor. The Burglar tries to
text: gouge out the Hider's eyes. Craning his face out of the
text: reach of the Burglar's flailing, frenzied fingers, the
text: Hider tries to get a firm grasp on him. He grabs wildly
text: at the Burglar's hair, finally getting a good hold. He
text: smashes the Burglar's head onto the glass-topped coffee
text: table. BANG, BANG, BANG -- the glass cracks -- BANG, BANG,
text: BANG, the Burglar's face into the glass until the
text: glass breaks completely.
text: The Burglar won't give up. He's beyond pain. He's only
text: trying to survive. His hand is at the Hider's throat,
text: squeezing. They throttle each ether. The Burglar is on
text: his back, his legs kicking at the Hider. His shoe catches
text: the Hider a kick to the ear. They both cough and gasp as
text: a release is forced, both struggling for a better position,
text: the Burglar trying to slide out from under again, the Hider
text: keeping him down -- and now the Hider is able to seize the
text: Burglar's arm again and jam the fingers in a door jamb and
text: pull the door back. We don't hear the Burglar scream
text: because the Hider's other hand is in his mouth, but the
text: Burglar bites down so hard on it the Hider is the one who
text: lets out a roar of animal agony and the Burglar's good hand
text: punches at his face, the Burglar somehow on his feet again,
text: trying to make it to the dining room.
text: The Hider catches hold of the Burglar's shirt, tearing it.
text: but pulling the Burglar back to the floor -- and the
text: Hider's foot slips in some blood and he lands hard on his
text: back, hitting his head, the Burglar's torn shirt in his
text: hand. The Burglar is crawling on all fours to get away,
text: but his knees slip in the blood, too, and the Hider's legs
text: grapple him like a pair of pythons, pulling him back, and
text: the two of them struggle on the slippery floor, out of
text: breath, near exhaustion.
text: There's a tall plant in the hall. The Hider stuffs the
text: Burglar's face in the pot, suffocating him in the soggy
text: earth. The Burglar's body twists and turns and kicks as
text: he's smothered in the damp dirt, the tall plant shaking
text: above the two of them, casting horrible shadows around the
text: entrance hall in the moonlight cast from the skylight.
text: The Hider can barely hold the Burglar's head in place,
text: every muscle tensing as the Burglar's body shudders in
text: rebellion -- and then the tremendous surge as the Burglar's
text: body breaks free! -- Tall plant tipping as the Burglar
text: pushes back against the Hider with unbelievable strength
text: -- tall plant falling -- the Burglar knocking the Hider
text: back flat on the floor, the Burglar on top, but the Hider
text: still hugging him in a death grip, then getting a
text: full-nelson hold on the Burglar's shoulders and neck, the
text: two of them struggling to a standing position again, the
text: Hider again smacking the Burglar's head again and again and
text: again, into the front door this time, the Burglar sinking
text: back to the floor, still resisting, still breathing, his
text: good hand still madly feeling for a grip on the Hider, but
dialog: this time the Hider's hold is too strong and when he's got
text: the Burglar on the floor again, he's able to get a knee
text: into the small of the Burglar's back and with the knee as
text: leverage and the full nelson on the Burglar's neck, the
text: Hider pulls back with every last ounce of strength,
text: pulling, pulling, moaning with the sheer effort of it until
text: -- the Burglar's neck BREAKS.
text: The Hider rolls off, gasping for breath. He pulls himself
text: to a sitting position against the front door. He sits
text: here in the entrance hall under the moonlit skylight with
text: the shadows and the dead Burglar and the blood and the
text: earth all over the floor and he breathes air into his lungs
text: as if he'll never get enough.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE OF THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Hider enters, carrying over his shoulder a giant-sized
text: black Hefty trash bag with the body of the Burglar in it.
text: From his pocket he takes -- the keys to Phil's car. He
text: lays the body bag on the floor in the back and gets in the
text: front. He adjusts the driver's seat to suit him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DINGY DOWNTOWN STREET - NIGHT
text: The Hider, driving Phil's car, turns into a filthy alley.
text: Halfway along it he parks, gets out, pulls the body bag
text: out, dumps it callously on the ground, and drives away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DESIGNER STORE - DAY
text: The Hider buys a green vase identical to the one that
text: smashed in his burglar fight.
speaker_heading: STORE MAN
dialog: (wrapping vase)
dialog: I knew you'd be back for another
dialog: one of these.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS LAWN - DAY
text: The Hider walks along a path with a man named BERT.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: You test each one thoroughly?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: You better believe it, buddy.
dialog: Your average Rolls Royce doesn't
dialog: have to pass as many tests. You
dialog: want consistency? You want
dialog: dependability? You want safety?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Safety?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Listen, you can kick 'em, hit 'em,
dialog: pour water all over 'em --
dialog: nothing. I'm telling you, under
dialog: ordinary conditions they're quiet,
dialog: they're nice to have around,
dialog: they're completely harmless -- but
dialog: when you blow this whistle...
dialog: (holds up a whistle)
dialog: ... then look out.
scene_heading: A VICIOUS, SAVAGE KILLER DOG
text: LUNGING directly AT THE CAMERA! Snarling fiercely.
text: This is the "product" under discussion -- attacking a Man
text: who's wearing considerable protective, padded clothing.
text: It's a simulated "mugging" demonstration. The Man in the
text: clothing and face mask is playing the part of the mugger,
text: while a Woman Dog Trainer is the victim -- with a whistle
text: in her mouth.
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Look at that. You can't buy
dialog: better protection than that. That
dialog: there is your Man's Best Friend.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: How are they with kids?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: They're great with kids. They
dialog: love 'em. They eat 'em up.
dialog: (gives the Hider a
dialog: friendly slap)
dialog: I'm kidding.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: (looking at whistle)
dialog: So this really does the trick, eh?
speaker_heading: BERT
dialog: Friend, that animal will go after
text: whoever's approaching the sound
dialog: of that whistle. And God help
dialog: whoever it is. Because that dog
dialog: will not let up until there's dead
dialog: meat on the ground. Put your
dialog: faith in that, pal.
text: The padded Man is indeed on the ground, the Killer Dog
text: attacking him viciously.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - EVENING
text: The family comes back in. The kids immediately dropping
text: their bags and rushing upstairs.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Kids, don't leave your bags in the
dialog: hall -- take them upstairs.
text: He and Julie have a look round. Everything looks fine.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Did the cleaning woman come?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (in the living room)
dialog: Yeah -- she did a good job. This
text: glass looks brand-new.
text: (And the green vase is back in place on the mantelpiece.)
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: The floor has a nice shine to it.
dialog: (going into kitchen)
dialog: Oh God -- we have twenty-two
text: messages on the machine.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (coming from living
dialog: room)
dialog: Did she water this plant? It
text: looks a little bent out of shape.
text: The kids come rushing in excitedly from the back.
scene_heading: NEIL AND HOLLY
dialog: Mom! Dad! Mom! Dad! Come look,
dialog: come and look, come and look!
text: Julie and Phil are dragged outside.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD
text: The kids pull Julie and Phil out the back door.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: All right, all right -- what?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Look!
text: They look. The savage Killer Dog is sitting here --
dialog: looking like the friendliest, cuddliest lost thing you ever
text: saw, tongue hanging out, the sweetest Disney image of
dialog: doghood imaginable.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (continuing)
text: He was lying asleep at the back
dialog: of the yard like it was home!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: -- And there's no collar or tags
dialog: on him or nothin'!
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Can we keep him, Mom, oh, can we?
dialog: Can we keep him?
text: Julie and Phil laugh. They crouch down with the kids to
text: pet the Killer Dog, too. The Killer Dog is happy.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hiya, sport. Where'd you come
dialog: from, huh?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Can we keep him?
text: The Killer Dog licks Phil's face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - EVENING
text: The kids are watching MTV in the living room. The Killer
text: Dog strolls out, wearing a collar. In the dining room Phil
text: is pacing nervously as he talks on the kitchen phone,
text: stretched in here on the super-long flex cord.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Sensational. Wednesday is fine,
dialog: no problemo. One o'clock at the
dialog: Somerset Grill -- yes, I know it
dialog: well. Okay then -- looking
dialog: forward to it. Ciao.
dialog: (again a double click)
dialog: Hello? Hello?
text: He goes into the kitchen to hang up, punching the air
text: triumphantly.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Julie is preparing dinner. The Killer Dog walks to the dog
text: bowl to munch his chow.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: He wants to see me!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Philip! The senior partner?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: His secretary just confirmed.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh baby.
text: She hugs him, giving him a kiss.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: He presses the redial button on his phone extension.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Oh, hi, this is Phil Dreyer again.
dialog: Stupidly, I just looked at my
dialog: calendar and I'm going to have to
dialog: cancel Wednesday. Please
dialog: apologize to him for me and I'll
dialog: call back to reschedule -- is that
dialog: all right? No problemo?
dialog: Sensational. Thanks -- I'm really
dialog: sorry. Ciao.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Julie and Phil hugging and kissing. The MUSIC coming from
text: the liVing room. Julie starts dancing slowly with Phil --
dialog: but he wants to break it up now.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What -- what are you doing?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I think you should feel like
dialog: dancing at a time like this.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (trying to break away)
dialog: C'mon.
text: Julie lets him go, pissed off now.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: You can never bring yourself to
dialog: do anything spontaneous or
dialog: romantic, can you?
text: Now Phil is pissed off that she's pissed off.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I bought the house, dear heart --
dialog: we took the vacation. I deliver
dialog: your dreams from time to time.
text: He starts walking out.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: A dance is for free.
text: He's gone. With a sigh she turns back to her cooking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM - DAY
text: He wakes up suddenly from sleep. He hears something. He
text: smells something. He sniffs. He crawls over to look
text: through the vent in the false wall.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC
text: Neil and his friends are here. The attic is full of all
text: kinds of junk. Neil and his friends are playing with
text: matches -- melting a naked "G.I. Joe."
speaker_heading: NEIL'S FRIEND #1
dialog: Oooh, look at him burn.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: The Hider is appalled by this sadistic game. Suddenly, he
text: almost hits the ceiling -- as his PHONE RINGS! He
text: instantly disconnects it, and waits with horror to see if
text: it's given him away.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC
text: The PHONES are still RINGING in the rest of the house.
speaker_heading: NEIL'S FRIEND #2
dialog: You guys have a loud phone.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: Julie answers it.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Hello? Hi, Rita.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: He finishes writing a note to himself and posts it on his
text: bulletin board: "ALWAYS REMEMBER TO UNPLUG THE PHONE!!!"
text: Then he turns over the phone to turn the "ring" dial to
dialog: low.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: Julie on the phone with her friend.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Uh huh... uh huh... You didn't
dialog: even have dinner with him first?
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: Keeping one eye on the antics of the kids in the attic, the
text: Hider reconnects his phone so he can listen in on Julie's
text: conversation, holding a cloth over the mouthpiece.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: Julie hears PHIL COMING HOME. CAR DOOR SLAMMING.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Uh huh... uh huh... Well, Rita,
dialog: if he's that big a slob, why are
dialog: you even bothering?
text: Phil comes in, head down, goes straight upstairs.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Rita, I'm going to have to call
dialog: you back.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC
text: Suddenly Neil or one of his idiot friends drops a match and
text: accidentally sets on fire a roll of carpet lying against
text: the Hider's wall. The roll of carpet is wrapped in brown
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: NEIL'S FRIEND #1
dialog: Put it out, man!
text: The boys frantically try to put out the fire.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
dialog: Oh Christ, Oh God, Oh Jesus, Oh Christ, Oh God -- the Hider
text: puts the phone down and pulls the ventilator lever shut and
text: backs off as far as his terribly limited space allows.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
text: Phil is lying on the bed as Julie comes in.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Honey? How did it go? You didn't
dialog: call me.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: He wasn't there.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: What?
text: She comes to sit on the bed. She tries putting a hand on
text: him, but it's like putting a hand on a corpse.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: I get to the restaurant and he's
dialog: not there. I waited for forty-
dialog: five minutes. When I called his
dialog: office, his secretary said they
dialog: thought I had cancelled. I had
dialog: cancelled! Then I get back to my
text: office and Aranson is waiting for
dialog: me and he knows everything.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh, honey.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Everything -- that I've been
text: talking to other people behind his
dialog: back -- that's what he called me
text: -- a back-stabber and a deceiver.
dialog: To him and to the company.
dialog: He called me a traitor in front
dialog: of everybody and told me if I
dialog: wanted to be a VP over at
dialog: Lowenthal I might as well pack up
dialog: and go -- only Lowenthal never
dialog: showed up for our lunch! It's
dialog: like everybody got an anonymous
dialog: poison-pen letter or some --
dialog: (sits up)
dialog: Do you smell smoke?
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC
text: Phil comes running up as Neil was rushing down.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Dad! Dad!
text: The carpet is blazing! Noxious smoke pouring off it!
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: He can't stop the smoke coming through his vent. His
text: little cell is quickly flooding with smoke. Choking,
text: gasping, he throws himself down on his mattress, sticking
text: his face to the second vent in the street wall, sucking the
text: real air from out there.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC
text: Phil slaps at the fire with another rug.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Neil, go get some water! Now!
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE
text: That small vent up by the attic -- smoke coming from it.
text: UP CLOSE, a man's hideously distorted and desperate face
text: pressed against it.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: He lies there gasping for air, more smoke filling his small
dialog: space.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC
text: Neil and Julie rush back up with buckets of water. After
text: a lot more screaming and yelling and exertion, the flames
dialog: are put out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL DOWNSTAIRS - DAY
text: Phil shouts at Neil and his friends.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What the fuck did you guys think
dialog: you were doing?!
text: They all have their heads down. Phil opens the front door
dialog: to get rid of Neil's friends.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You two get out of here, go on.
dialog: Your parents are going to be
dialog: hearing from me.
text: He slams the door. Neil glances embarrassedly at his
text: little sister, who's crying fearfully in the next room.
speaker_heading: NEIL
text: A man started the fire.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (hits Neil)
dialog: Neil, goddamn it, you're not five
dialog: years old!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Neil, you could have burned the
dialog: house down!
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I don't know how it started!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: You knew a second ago. Who
dialog: started it?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: -- A man.
text: WHAM! He gets hit again. Hard. He holds his arm and
text: looks about to cry.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: A man started it? Oh really? You
dialog: wanna show me, Neil? Right, okay,
dialog: here we go, Neil's gonna show me
dialog: the man.
text: He grabs Neil's arm roughly and starts pulling him toward
text: the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC
text: The Hider emerges with a cloud of smoke from under his
text: secret panel in the floor. He lies here, gasping
text: desperately for air.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN STAIRWAY
text: Phil dragging Neil up.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: We're going to go see the man.
dialog: Here we go, Neil's gonna show his
dialog: dad the man. Come on, let's go
dialog: see the man.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC
text: The Hider has practically passed out from his ordeal. But
text: then he hears them coming back up.
scene_heading: ATTIC STAIRWAY
text: Phil drags Neil up, pushes him forward into the attic.
speaker_heading: THE HIDER
text: Standing stiff in the shadows behind some old bookcases.
text: He didn't have time to go back under his false wall. He's
dialog: here in the attic with them!
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: spins Neil around the center of the floor a few times.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Do you see a man?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: No man!
speaker_heading: (WHAM!)
dialog: Go to your room.
text: He pushes Neil back downstairs and turns with a sigh to
text: look at the charred mess up here. He goes closer to the
text: burnt carpet and bends over it.
speaker_heading: THE HIDER
text: Alone with the person he hates most in life. His fists
text: start to clench.
speaker_heading: PHIL
text: gingerly touches bits of the carpet, making sure the fire
text: is completely out. SUDDENLY, he jumps -- the attic door
text: has swung shut. He turns toward it -- and a shadow moves
text: somewhere behind him. He opens the door again -- and
text: there's a little CREAK. He bends over again, putting
text: something at the bottom of the door to keep it open. Then
text: he thinks he hears something -- turns around again -- but
text: JULIE distracts him, CALLING from downstairs:
speaker_heading: JULIE (O.S.)
dialog: Honey -- I can't find those large-
dialog: size Hefty trash bags!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (goes downstairs)
dialog: There might be some extras in the
dialog: garage.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC - LATER
text: Neil is pushed back in, followed by his parents.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: I thought I was supposed to stay
dialog: in my room.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (pushing him)
dialog: Get on the other side of that.
text: Holly comes up to watch, too.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: Hider has made it back in here. As the last vestiges
text: of smoke clear, he lies back on his mattress, breathing
text: slowly.
scene_heading: INT. THE ATTIC
text: They're cleaning up the mess, trying to put trash bags over
text: the burnt carpet roll.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Neil, lift up your end.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: Here on the other side of the false wall. Lying on his
dialog: mattress.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE POOL - EVENING
text: Phil is sitting in a deck chair, looking shell-shocked.
text: Julie is still trying to comfort him.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Honey, it's not the end of the
dialog: world. You'll call Lowenthal
dialog: tomorrow and find out it was just
text: a mix-up. And if he's not
dialog: interested anymore, then you'll
dialog: find another company to go to
dialog: maybe even your own. You are free
dialog: now, you are independent.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I'm fired. I'm unemployed. Is
dialog: that your idea of negotiating from
dialog: a position of strength? Clearly
dialog: any potential employers have been
dialog: warned to back off!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: That's not the case.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (head down again)
text: Someone blew the whistle. Someone
dialog: hates me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF - DAWN
text: The Hider looks at the sky, daylight about to break. He
text: goes aver the top.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF THE HOUSE
text: Nearing the bottom, he slips and falls the rest of the way,
text: hurting himself as he scrapes his hands and legs. He picks
text: himself up off the ground, brushing himself off, stumbling
text: slightly again. Looking around, worried in case his fall
text: was heard, he sneaks away around the corner of the house...
text: ... leaving behind the dog whistle that's fallen out of his
text: pocket, that he accidentally stepped on and kicked to one
text: side. Dented slightly, but shining temptingly in the
dialog: grass.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THERAPIST'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Hider looks intense.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Things are beginning to come to
dialog: a head. I can feel it. And I
dialog: want everything to be perfect.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: Who doesn't?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I've cultivated her interests so
dialog: that now we have even more in
dialog: common than ever.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: Well, now, don't go creating some
dialog: artificial environment for
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Oh no -- I mean, she's genuinely
dialog: made me more fulfilled in many
dialog: ways -- and I hope eventually to
dialog: be able to teach her a few things,
dialog: too. What I mean is, I guess I'm
dialog: still waiting for just that right
dialog: -- synthesis between us -- where
dialog: everything will be understood
dialog: between us without even the need
dialog: for words.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: It's not going to happen unless
dialog: you make it happen, my friend.
dialog: You're going to have to assert
dialog: yourself a little bit more. Show
dialog: your affection.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Yeah, maybe you're right.
dialog: Everything else is just an excuse.
dialog: I'm treating the situation with
dialog: kid gloves because I'm afraid of
dialog: losing her.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: Ask her how she feels.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I should.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: You have to put yourself out there
dialog: a bit more.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: Because life isn't about playing
dialog: it safe. Life is about taking
dialog: risks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Phil is packing a suitcase. Julie has her arms folded and
text: is looking grim.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Boy, you really buckle under a
dialog: little pressure, don't you?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: This is for the best, you know it
dialog: is.
dialog: (slams a drawer)
dialog: Why do my socks keep disappearing!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (mimicking him)
dialog: "Honey, I'm a zombie, I don't know
dialog: whether I'm coming or going."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: Phil comes out of the house, followed by Julie. He stuffs
text: his suitcase in his car.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: You're even sadder and more burnt-
dialog: out than I thought.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I am so sick to death of hearing
dialog: your opinion of my state of mind,
dialog: what you think is for my own good.
dialog: Without me you'd still be twirling
text: a baton at U.C. Santa Barbara.
dialog: You're the final straw on this
dialog: back, baby!
text: As he gets into his car he has a little fit, readjusting
dialog: the seat.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Why the hell is this seat never
dialog: right!
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - MAIN STAIRWAY
text: POV of someone coming down the stairs slowly, toward the
text: front door that stands half open, the SOUND of Phil's CAR
text: DOOR SLAMMING out there.
text: It's Neil. Looking unhappy as children do at such moments.
text: He glances into the living room where Holly, too young to
text: understand, is watching TV with the Killer Dog. Neil looks
text: forward again as he hears his DAD'S CAR DRIVING AWAY -- and
text: his mother comes back inside. She puts an arm around him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - MORNING
text: Julie has breakfast with her children.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Your daddy and I are kind of mad
dialog: at each other right now, so we
dialog: have to spend some time apart.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Why are you mad at each other?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: You know how sometimes Neil bugs
dialog: you and you just get up and walk
dialog: away from him?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Well, that's what happens with
dialog: grownups, too.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Did Daddy tease you?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Yes, he did, and I don't like it
dialog: any more than you do.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Where'd he go?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (sighs)
text: He's staying with a friend.
dialog: (stands)
dialog: Hurry up now, you'll be late for
dialog: school.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - MORNING
text: The kids get in the back of Julie's car. She helps Holly
text: with her seatbelt, then shuts the door and goes to the
text: front. As she's about to get in, a CLANKING NOISE makes
text: her jump. She turns -- seeing the garbage cans of the
text: Nasty Neighbor's house -- and then the Nasty Neighbor
text: himself, standing up from behind one of them. He looks at
text: her. She instantly looks away, getting into her oar.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL - MORNING
text: As we HEAR Julie's CAR DRIVING AWAY outside... The Hider
text: appears at the top of the stairs. He strolls down as if
text: he owns the place. The Killer comes wandering in. The
text: Hider crouches down to pet him. The Hider looks around his
text: house, and starts to laugh.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - MORNING
text: The Hider comes in. His euphoria is building. He opens
text: a drawer -- to check that Phil has cleared his stuff out
text: and really gone.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MORNING
text: The Hider opens the medicine cabinet to see that there's
text: no shaving gear. He notes an empty towel rack -- and sees
text: that there's only one toothbrush now.
scene_heading: INT. JULIE'S CAR - MORNING
text: Driving away from the house -- when suddenly Holly bursts
text: out crying.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Daddy's gone where Rudolf went and
dialog: isn't coming back!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Holly -- that's not so.
text: Holly has a plastic container of orange juice with a spill-
text: proof lid. In her hysteria she flings it, the lid coming
text: off, juice splashing all over Julie.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Oh, Holly!
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - MORNING
text: The Hider falls onto the bed, laughing, rolling over,
text: pulling the comforter around him like a shroud. It's all
text: his now, he's the man. He sits up with a start when he
text: hears SOMEONE COMING up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN STAIRWAY
text: Julie runs up and goes into her bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
text: She hurries in and immediately starts to take off her
text: orange-juice-stained dress.
scene_heading: INT. WALK-IN CLOSET
text: The Hider is hiding in here. Peeking out at her. Watching
text: her undress.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
text: Julie goes into the adjoining bathroom, washing out the
text: orange juice. She comes out of the bathroom and goes to
text: the closet. She takes out another dress and starts to put
text: it on.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - MORNING
text: Julie comes back down to where her kids are waiting. Holly
text: isn't crying anymore, but looks sulky.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: All right, now come on,
dialog: everything's going to be just
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PLAYGROUND - DAY
text: Neil is sitting at an outdoor table, reading a comic book,
text: when he hears an OMINOUS SOUND -- a kind of limping SHUFFLE
text: coming toward him. He dare not turn around, but he doesn't
text: have to, because the Bully, walking with the help at a
text: crutch, appears and sits down next to Neil.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: (very matter of fact)
dialog: My friends have been expelled.
dialog: (pokes Neil)
dialog: You're gonna be my friend now.
text: The Bully gets up awkwardly and we HEAR his limping SHUFFLE
text: moving away. Neil just sits here and wonders why God
text: despises him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY
text: Julie is watering plants. Moving deeper into the garden,
text: reaching to spray water at out-of-the-way bushes, she comes
text: upon a little hidden patch of flowerbed that she certainly
dialog: never noticed before -- because now it boasts a lovely
text: group of roses that have only recently bloomed.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - LAUNDRY ROOM - DAY
text: The washing machine is going. Julie is folding clothes
text: that are already done. Abruptly the washing machine stops
text: with a GRINDING CLANK.
text: Julie looks at it. She tries pushing its buttons and making
text: sure that the door is properly closed, but it seems to be
dialog: broken.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Julie looks sad. She doesn't know what to do with herself.
text: She pets the Killer Dog. She hears a COMMOTION outside and
text: goes to look out the window.
speaker_heading: JULIE'S POV
text: She sees the Nasty Neighbor and his Wife shouting at each
text: other -- and the Nasty Neighbor's Wife getting into a car
text: with another man and driving off. The Nasty Neighbor just
text: makes some crude gesture at the departing car and goes back
text: into his house.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (to Killer Dog)
text: Must be something in the air.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Julie, alone, on the phone.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: No, Rita. No. No, I don't want
dialog: to meet him. No, Rita. Yes, I'm
dialog: fine. No, I don't want to meet
dialog: him, either. Absolutely not,
dialog: Rita,
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - AFTERNOON
text: Julie opens the refrigerator, but the light doesn't come
text: on. She checks the plug. The refrigerator is broken now,
text: too. She can't stand it. She slams the door, having a
text: fit, starting to cry,
scene_heading: INT, UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Julie puts away some boxes of Kleenex in a linen closet.
text: The front DOORBELL RINGS. Julie turns to go downstairs.
scene_heading: MAIN STAIRWAY
text: Julie comes down the stairs to the front door. The Killer
text: Dog joins her. She opens the door. Standing outside is --
dialog: THE HIDER!!
text: SEE the handyman's clothes he's wearing. SEE the
text: handyman's business card he's holding out. SEE the
text: pleasant smile on his face.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Hello, my name is Thomas Sykes,
dialog: I'm a handyman. If there's any
dialog: work you need done, please give
dialog: me a call,
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: She looks at his card.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh, well, do you fix
dialog: refrigerators?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Well, can I make an appointment?
speaker_heading: HIDER
text: (looks at his watch)
dialog: Maybe I could take a look at it
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: BLINK! The refrigerator light pops on and the whole thing
text: starts HUMMING again.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh, great.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Yeah, that was easy.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Do you do washing machines, too?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Just show me the way.
dialog: She takes him into the --
speaker_heading: LAUNDRY ROOM
text: The Hider, with his toolbox, starts investigating the
text: broken washer. Julie watches him.
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: Everything breaks at once.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Isn't that always the way?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: So, you're just kind of a roving --
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: -- General handyman, yeah. I do
dialog: carpentry, too, painting, almost
dialog: any odd job around the house. I
dialog: do housesitting while the owners
dialog: are away. In fact, that's why
dialog: I've been in the area. I've been
text: living very close by.
dialog: (he stands up)
dialog: Here's the part that's giving you
dialog: trouble, but I won't be able to
dialog: get a replacement till the stores
text: open tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh, that's fine.
text: The Hider puts the part in his toolbox.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I'll call you when I have the
dialog: part.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BACK PATIO - NIGHT
text: Holly is playing with the Killer Dog. Julie is reclining
text: in a deck chair, talking to Rita on the phone.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Well, of course I'm upset, Rita.
dialog: No, I don't want to go out.
text: Neil climbs out of the swimming pool, notices something
text: glistening in the grass not far away. He goes toward it.
text: Holly giggles as she twists the Killer Dog's face into
text: various grotesque expressions.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Look, Mommy, look at Edgar.
text: Neil picks up -- the whistle.
text: Holly pulls the Killer Dog's gums apart.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (doing dog voice)
dialog: "Hi. I'm Mr. Edgar!"
dialog: (turns to Julie)
dialog: Look, Mommy, it doesn't even hurt
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Well, what do you want me to do,
dialog: Rita -- I can't just forget
dialog: fifteen years of marriage. Well,
dialog: of course I know you can. No,
dialog: Rita, I -- what was that? -- oh,
dialog: I thought I heard something on the
dialog: line.
text: Neil starts cleaning the whistle on his towel.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Look what I found.
text: He puts it to his mouth. Holly is spreading the Killer
text: Dog's jaws playfully. Neil's cheeks start to puff out as
text: he blows. Holly giggles. Neil blows the whistle with all
text: his might -- but nothing comes out but PHFFT. The dent in
text: it has ruined it. Neil throws the whistle back down on the
text: ground and goes to play with the dog, too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF THE HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The Hider returns home. He notices the whistle on the
text: ground. He picks it up and looks at it, alarmed at himself
text: for being so careless. He puts it back in his pocket.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Julie is showing the Hider a section of the floor that
text: seems to be damaged.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Well, I'll tell you -- the only
dialog: way of making sure this doesn't
dialog: spread is to double-coat it with
text: sealant before putting the varnish
text: on top.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Humming to himself, the Hider washes some rags in the sink.
text: He rinses them and walks breezily out of the kitchen,
text: bumping smack into --
dialog: THE BULLY!
text: Who's coming in with Neil. The Bully almost loses his
text: balance but the Hider catches him.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: THE HIDER
text: Walking past -- his face suddenly covered with a film of
dialog: sweat. Jesus, that kid is the one person who's seen him
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: THE BULLY
text: continues into the kitchen with Neil.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: Was that your dad?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Nah, that's some guy fixing the
text: living room floor.
text: Something nags at the Bully. He looks over his shoulder.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DRIVEWAY
text: Julie is pruning some hedges. She's startled by the
text: appearance of the Nasty Neighbor, carrying some flowers to
text: present to her.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: Hello there.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh -- hi.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: (handing her flowers)
dialog: I've been cleaning up my yard, too
dialog: -- I noticed you do some
dialog: gardening. Thought you might like
dialog: these.
dialog: (The flowers are not very nice.)
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh -- well -- thank you, Mr.
dialog: Stone.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: The Hider works on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: Julie comes in, followed by the Nasty Neighbor.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: Yeah, I've been meaning to drop
dialog: by -- just in case you needed
dialog: anything.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: The Hider looks over his shoulder at the Nasty Neighbor.
text: The Hider seethes with territorial jealousy.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: Julie reaches for a tall glass container on a high shelf.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: Here, lemme get that.
text: Damn it, thinks the Hider in the b.g., he's acting like a
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Because, you know, I couldn't help
dialog: noticing that we have a lot in
dialog: common.
text: He's leaning in the kitchen doorway while she fills the
text: container with water.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Yeah, y'know, both of us with
dialog: recent spousal disappearance.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (how can she get rid
dialog: of this guy?)
dialog: Ah.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: The Hider turns away and hunches over the floor as he sees
text: Neil and the Bully come back out of the kitchen, walking
text: this way. A chill runs through the Hider.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: So where are all your toys?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Let's watch some TV.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: Where are these toys of yours?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: A lot of my stuff hasn't been
dialog: unpacked yet. Here's the TV.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: What toys do you have?
text: The Hider has to turn away even more. The Bully keeps
text: looking over at him.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: (turning on TV)
dialog: Hey, look -- the new Pretenders
dialog: video.
text: The Bully glances over at the Hider. Something preying on
text: the Bully's mind. He tries to get a better look. The
text: Hider tries to hunch out of the way even more, sweat
text: breaking out again on his forehead.
text: He feels the eyes of the Bully on his back. Now it's his
dialog: turn to be scared -- of this kid. Also, he's anxious to
text: keep track of what his rival from next door is doing with
dialog: Julie. It's a horrible situation from any angle.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: Julie tries to show the Nasty Neighbor to the door.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Well, thanks again.
text: But the Nasty Neighbor steps into the living room.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: Say, this is a nice den.
text: Without looking, he backs into the Hider's work area by the
text: doorway, accidentally kicking the Hider.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Whoops. Excuse me, pal.
text: The Hider might as well be invisible. He doesn't notice
text: the Hider's look of hatred.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: (continuing; coming
text: out to entrance hall
dialog: again)
dialog: Okay then, you have my number,
dialog: gimme me a call sometime.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Yeah, right.
text: She closes the door on him, sighs, and goes off into the
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: The Bully, with his crutch, is struggling closer to the
dialog: Hider.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: I don't wanna watch TV.
text: He's trying to see the Hider's face.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Hey, look what's on cable,
dialog: Bernard!
text: The Bully turns to see a woman undress on TV. This
text: interests him. The Hider, drenched in sweat, seizes the
text: moment and stands up to walk out.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: The Hider comes out of the living room breathing a sigh of
text: relief. He keeps his back turned as Neil and the Bully now
dialog: come out.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: Show me your room now.
text: They go upstairs. But now the Hider is scared by the front
text: door suddenly opening! Phil has come back.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Oh, uh -- hi... I --
text: The Hider just gestures Phil in and escapes through the
text: dining room to the kitchen -- passing Julie, who's coming
text: out again. She's expecting to see the Nasty Neighbor
text: again, doesn't know whether she's relieved to see her
dialog: husband instead.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Who was that?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I'm having the floor fixed,
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: And what was that neighbor guy
dialog: doing here?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Philip, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Look, I think we should work
dialog: things out.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Hider has his back against a wall, breathing hard. He
text: can hear them.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: Julie folds her arms as she listens.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I was having a bad day -- I lost
dialog: that job, I was dependent on other
dialog: people, I was let down --
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: There's always an excuse, isn't
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I think it's time I came home now.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: That's not a decision for you to
dialog: make on your own.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Yes! Overhearing that brightens the Hider's spirits. He
text: hugs the Killer Dog. Everything's going to be okay, after
dialog: all.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: Phil pretends to be shocked.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: No, Philip, I don't want you
dialog: coming back here. And if you want
dialog: to talk to me -- call.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (storms out angrily)
dialog: This is my house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: As he hears the DOOR SLAM, the Hider leans back against the
text: wall with a happy sigh.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Julie watches the Hider work.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I apologize for that scene with
dialog: my husband. You must have
dialog: overheard.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: An occupational hazard, I'm
dialog: afraid.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I bet. Going into people's homes.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: It's a living.
text: Julie tilts her head slightly, studying him. There's
dialog: certainly something compelling about this quiet man. He's
text: leaning forward, muscles rippling in his strong arm.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Do you have a family?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Uh, no -- I've never really found
dialog: the time to settle down.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: You must value your independence.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Yeah, I've always been able to
dialog: make my way in the world. I don't
dialog: like having to rely on other
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: It's nice that you can make that
dialog: choice.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I was alone a lot as a child. No
dialog: one to compete with. My parents
dialog: ensured that I found happiness in
dialog: the smallest things. When you're
dialog: all alone it's your own world, you
dialog: don't have to take orders from
dialog: anybody. You don't necessarily
dialog: believe the stories people tell
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Not me, I fell for it right
dialog: down the line. Be a good girl and
dialog: believe all the fairy tales.
dialog: (faraway look out the
dialog: window)
dialog: He married me because I was
dialog: pretty.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Because you were pretty?
text: She looks back at him. Smiles at the compliment. He looks
text: back at her again and could almost die from the pleasure of
text: her smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THERAPIST'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Therapist looks happy for the Hider.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: Well, these are good signs --
text: she's broken up with him and the
dialog: two of you seem to be developing
dialog: quite a rapport.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I know. I just feel that the
dialog: relationship has reached that
dialog: delicate stage where the slightest
dialog: little thing could wreck the
dialog: careful groundwork I've laid up
dialog: till now.
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: I can't help you if you don't help
dialog: yourself. It's really up to you.
text: Brooding endlessly isn't going to
dialog: help matters any.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: There's so much I want to say to
text: her, it's all jumbled up in my
dialog: mind, and I don't want her to
dialog: misunderstand --
speaker_heading: THERAPIST
dialog: Well, you'll just have to make her
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Lights off. Street quiet.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Julie is asleep. Alone in her bed. In the dark room.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Hider approaches his special part of the wall. In the
text: shadows, his face is intense. This is it. He knows what
text: he has to do. He starts climbing the wall. He's halfway
text: up it -- when a FLASHLIGHT BEAM hits his face!!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Come down here.
text: The Hider climbs back down, shielding his eyes against the
text: flashlight. The voice laughs, the beam lowering. It's the
dialog: Nasty Neighbor.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: Well now, what do we have here?
text: (chuckles nastily,
dialog: glancing up wall)
dialog: You got a pretty good deal goin'
dialog: here, buddy.
text: The Hider is looking more desperate by the second.
speaker_heading: NASTY NEIGHBOR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I believe I've seen you hanging
dialog: around here before, haven't I?
dialog: Correct me if I'm wrong.
text: (suddenly his eyes
dialog: bulge)
text: OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
text: And the Hider's face is wild with madness -- as he jams
text: something against the Nasty Neighbor's stomach -- again and
text: again and again -- stab after stab -- the strength of the
text: Hider's arm lifting the Nasty Neighbor up off his feet --
text: as the Hider eviscerates him with -- a steel gardening
text: trowel, the sharp point ripping the Nasty Neighbor's guts
text: open, tearing upwards; the Nasty Neighbor's mouth gaping
text: with the shock of it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The Hider stands over Julie's bed. Watching her sleep.
text: His eyes are completely crazy now, completely obsessed.
text: His clothes are splattered with blood. He's snapped and
dialog: their time together has come.
text: And yet, for a moment, something still holds him back.
text: She's so beautiful. Tears come once more to the Hider's
text: eyes. We SEE that he's building to a kind of crescendo of
text: emotion. It's now or never. He begins to breathe quicker,
text: he begins to move, to reach for her -- but suddenly the
text: bedroom door is pushed all the way open -- the Hider
text: managing to dart behind it just in time -- as Neil comes
text: rushing into his mother's bedside.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Mom, Mom, wake up, Mom --
text: Julie wakes up. Neil is holding a baseball bat,
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Neil -- what --
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Mom, there's somebody in the
dialog: house!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: Honey --
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Mom, I heard someone downstairs!
text: Julie quickly gets out of bed, reaching for the bedside
text: phone and the emergency pad she keeps there.
text: BLOODY HIDER BEHIND THE DOOR
text: Horrified. Frozen. Not daring to breathe.
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: speaks softly into the phone.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Hello -- can you please help me
dialog: -- I think there's an intruder in
dialog: my house. Yes, we heard someone
dialog: moving downstairs. I live on
dialog: Coral Avenue -- number five
dialog: eleven.
text: BLOODY HIDER BEHIND THE DOOR
text: OhmyGod, OhmyGod, OhmyGod -- he tries to melt even more
text: into the wall as he hears Julie HANG UP and grab Neil and
text: move out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Julie and Neil go into Holly's room -- and the Hider darts
text: out -- and into Neil's room as he hears JULIE COMING OUT
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Edgar! Edgar!
scene_heading: INT. NEIL'S ROOM
text: Edgar, the Killer Dog, moves placidly past the Hider in
text: answer to Julie's call. The Hider, desperate, is scared
text: by his own reflection in Neil's mirror. He brings a hand
text: to his face, realizing -- Jesus, if she sees it's me! He
text: looks around -- and sees Neil's full-head mask of a bearded
dialog: man.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S ROOM
text: Holly sits up in bed. Neil shushes her, staying by her
text: side protectively with his baseball bat. Julie ushers the
text: Killer Dog into the room with them and shuts the door,
text: though not all the way so she can still watch and listen.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (holding Killer Dog)
dialog: You stay with us, Edgar.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: The Hider has the bearded-man mask stretched grotesquely
text: over his head. He peeks first, then darts out of Neil's
text: room and straight downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S ROOM
text: Julie couldn't see him from here, but she does hear the
text: CREAKS on the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS
text: The Hider pauses at the bottom of the stairs, looking back
text: up, then turns in the darkness toward the front door and
text: -- HOLY SHIT! -- runs smack into Phil! Phil was the
text: intruder downstairs! And he's just as shocked to run into
text: the Hider. Immediately, the Hider clamps a hand over
text: Phil's mouth -- and Phil starts fighting for his life.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S ROOM
text: Julie and the kids hear the COMMOTION downstairs, sounds
dialog: that are all the more frightening because they don't know
dialog: what they are. For all they know it's one maniac down
text: there destroying the house. Then they hear a CRY in the
dialog: night:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Get out of my house!
text: But is it the husband or the Hider? The Killer Dog barks.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: CRASH! -- the two men come tumbling in here -- and in the
text: air above them, gripped by both of them in their struggle
text: -- the shiny gardening trowel. Phil's eyes are wild with
text: fear as he battles his unknown assailant, the hideous
text: expressionless bearded-man mask looming above him.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S ROOM
text: The SAVAGE NOISES from downstairs continue. Holly starts
text: crying, Neil comforting her.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Mommy!
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (joins them in a
dialog: scared huddle)
dialog: It's okay, baby, the police are
dialog: coming.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET
text: Distant SIRENS pierce the quiet of the neighborhood.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM
text: The Hider's fingers lose the gardening trowel. Phil
text: manages to keep hold of it, ramming it against the Hider's
text: rib cage. The Hider shrieks in pain -- then slams his fist
text: across Phil's head. The gardening trowel goes skittling
text: across the floor. The Hider is out of control, on the
text: rampage, insane with fury -- he punches off the mantelpiece
text: the second green vase, SMASHING it into a million pieces.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S ROOM
text: Julie and the kids jump at the scary NOISE from downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: The Hider advances on Phil, who's groggily trying to get
text: up, shaking his head.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET
text: The police car comes around the corner.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM
text: The Hider is kicking Phil. The gardening trowel is on the
text: floor near Phil's hand. The Hider looks up as the FLASHING
text: RED LIGHT of the police car starts swirling around the room
text: from the street outside, and he hears the STATIC CRACKLE
text: of the POLICE RADIO.
text: Phil grabs the trowel and slams it into the Hider's leg,
text: With a groan muffled by his mask, the Hider staggers out
text: of the living room.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: Limping, the Hider stumbles through to the dining room.
text: Phil comes after him, throwing open the front door and
text: punching the appropriate button on the security box that
text: sets off the ALARM BELL!
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S ROOM
text: Julie shoots to her feet at the SOUND of this.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: The Hider runs in, heading for the laundry room and the
text: back door there. He's the intruder trying to escape now,
text: Suddenly, he's hit on the head from behind. He falls.
text: It's Phil trying to stop him, clubbing him again with the
text: phone. The Hider wrestles it away from him, wrapping the
text: super-long flex cord around Phil's neck, strangling him,
text: wrapping it tighter, pull it harder, and Phil is choking
text: and the masked Hider is out of his mind -- and then the
text: SOUND of POLICE RADIOS -- and the Hider has to run again.
text: Phil still trying to hold onto him, but the Hider gets hold
text: of the phone and beats Phil's head with it. Then the Hider
text: escapes outside, still staggering.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: TWO COPS come in, guns drawn, looking around -- hearing the
text: NOISE from the kitchen, running that way.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Getting rid of the cord around his neck, Phil stumbles
text: onward in the darkness toward the back door -- as the Cops
text: appear behind him, pointing their guns.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Hold it!
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (turning)
dialog: I'm the owner, I'm the owner!
dialog: (pointing outside)
dialog: He's out there -- he's out there!
text: Cop #1 keeps his gun on Phil as his partner goes out. Phil
text: is shaking with fear and exhaustion. He manages to extract
text: his wallet from his pocket to show the Cop his ID.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Look -- I live here -- I live
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: COP #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Frank!
text: Cop #1 and Phil go out.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK PATIO
text: Cop #2 is standing over the pool. The body of the man in
text: the bearded-man mask floats in the pool.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (sinks to his knees)
dialog: I got the son of a bitch.
dialog: (calls out)
speaker_heading: JULIE!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Neighborhood people have come out of their homes to see
text: what the trouble is. There is more than one police car
text: outside the house now -- and an ambulance.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: While the body in the pool is being fished in and pulled
text: out, Phil and Julie talk with the police officers. One of
text: the police officers holds up the gardening trowel. Phil
text: is being tended to Paramedics.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yes, I used that first of all --
dialog: then I just kept hitting him.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: And you were upstairs the whole
dialog: time, ma'am?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Yes -- I didn't know what was
text: going on.
text: She looks at Phil. He looks back at her with a little
text: pleading look of understanding in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yeah, we were upstairs when we
dialog: heard the intruder. My wife
dialog: called the police and I went
text: downstairs.
text: THE BODY IN THE POOL
text: is now laid dripping on the ground. Someone starts to peel
text: off the mask.
speaker_heading: JULIE AND PHIL
dialog: don't really want to look, but have to.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh God.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Yeah -- we know him. He's been
text: hanging around the house.
speaker_heading: THE BODY
text: It's the Nasty Neighbor, his face still looking shocked as
dialog: it was when the Hider first killed him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM - NIGHT
text: He splashes water on his face. He rips his sheet to
text: bandage his hurt leg. He flings clothes around, finding
text: new ones to change into. He's acting like a crazed,
text: cornered animal -- he's acting like there'll be no need to
dialog: come back to this room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - HOLLY'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Nice Neighbor Woman is comforting the kids.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - FRONT STREET
text: A COP is getting rid of the neighborhood onlookers.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: All right, people, there's nothing
dialog: to see here. Let's go back to bed
dialog: now, shall we?
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: Phil is about to go off with the Paramedics and the Cops.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: We can get the rest of the
dialog: details at the hospital, Mr.
dialog: Dreyer.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Philip, I'll be fine, really.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (privately to Julie)
dialog: Should I come home when I'm
dialog: finished there?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: We'll talk in the morning.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - FRONT STREET
text: Phil goes into the ambulance. It drives away, The crowd
dialog: has dispersed
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: The last of the police leave.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Julie?
text: Julie turns around. It's the Hider.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: I was driving by -- I saw all the
dialog: cars. Are you all right?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Yeah, I'm okay -- it's been a long
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: (seeing all the mess)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Can I tell you tomorrow? I think
dialog: I...
text: She suddenly puts a trembling hand to her head. The Hider
text: grips her arms reassuringly.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Look, you don't have to say
dialog: another word... You should have
dialog: some tea, it'll make you feel
dialog: better. And I'll clean up a bit.
text: She nods -- as the Nice Neighbor Woman comes down the
text: stairs with Neil. Neil still holds his baseball bat. He's
text: clearly being the little man of the house.
speaker_heading: NICE WOMAN
text: Holly is asleep.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Oh, Audrey, thank you.
text: Neil glances in the living room where the Hider is
text: neatening up.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Hi, Mr. Sykes.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Hi, Neil -- you've had quite a
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: Yeah, but I'm okay.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Honey, do you want some hot
dialog: chocolate?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: No, thanks, Mom -- I'll go up to
dialog: bed now.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Do you want me to come up and tuck
dialog: you in?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: (brave)
dialog: That's okay, Mom.
text: Julie realizes how protective Neil is being, gives him a
text: hug and a kiss.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: You were very brave tonight.
text: Neil, cool, turns to go back upstairs.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: 'Night, Mr. Sykes.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Goodbye, Neil.
text: Julie shows the Nice Neighbor Woman to the door.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Audrey...
dialog: (gives her a hug)
dialog: ... you've been wonderful. Good
dialog: night.
text: She leaves and Julie shuts the front door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Julie and the Hider are here. Julie puts the kettle on.
text: Then she gives the Killer Dog some food.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I was thinking about our
dialog: conversation the other day -- what
dialog: you said about choices.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (preoccupied)
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: Yeah, you know, that in life you
dialog: really have to choose what you
dialog: want to do.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (sensing a big
dialog: discussion)
dialog: Listen, I'm sorry, but it's really
dialog: late -- you don't have to come
text: tomorrow to work on the floor.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: It is tomorrow.
text: The kettle is starting to percolate.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Yeah, right -- I really have to
dialog: go to bed.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I think we should talk first.
text: The water is starting to boil. The cap of the kettle gives
text: a little BLOW. The jaws of the Killer Dog savagely munch
dialog: his food.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: About us.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Mr. Sykes, I think you should go
dialog: home.
text: The Hider gives a little smile, but doesn't move.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I think you should leave.
text: The Hider tenses. Julie sees that he's had two totally
dialog: different reactions to what she thought was the same
dialog: statement in each case.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't you understand?
text: The Hider moves a step closer.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Yes, I do understand...
dialog: (beginning to repeat
dialog: himself)
dialog: ... I was thinking about our
dialog: conversation the other day -- what
dialog: you said about choices.
text: The kettle begins a LOW WHISTLE. The Killer Dog's ears
text: perk up. He's been activated.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You decided that Philip should
dialog: stay away. You made your choice.
text: Julie, sensing real danger now, glances at the kettle of
text: boiling water. The WHISTLE continues to get HIGHER IN
speaker_heading: PITCH.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: (continuing; carried
dialog: away by his own
dialog: internal logic)
dialog: Now things are the way they're
dialog: supposed to be. I fixed things
dialog: in this house.
text: As the WHISTLE BUILDS the Killer Dog turns. Nobody is
text: approaching the kettle at the moment, so the Killer Dog
dialog: doesn't know what to do.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: I don't know what's going on with
dialog: you --
text: Now she notices -- blood starting to seep through his
text: trouser leg.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: -- I don't know who you are, I
dialog: don't know anything about you.
text: She measures the distance between her and the WHISTLING
text: KETTLE. The Killer Dog goes into a crouch.
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: I have to show my feelings. I
dialog: have to take action.
speaker_heading: THE KETTLE
text: The WHISTLE reaches its HIGHEST PITCH.
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: rushes toward it.
scene_heading: THE KILLER DOG
dialog: springs at Julie!
speaker_heading: THE HIDER
text: throws himself in front of the Killer Dog. As the dog
text: starts to tear him apart --
speaker_heading: HIDER
dialog: -- Julie --
speaker_heading: JULIE
text: drops the kettle, starts backing out of the kitchen in
dialog: terror.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: Julie comes backing out from the kitchen, the kitchen door
text: swinging closed after her. She keeps backing away, her
text: hand to her mouth in horror as we HEAR the HORRIFIC
text: MAULING, SNARLING, GROWLING from the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: The AWFUL SOUNDS continue as Julie in a daze keeps backing
text: further and further away.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE
text: The street is empty, the neighborhood quiet -- except for
text: the SOUNDS we HEAR of the Hider in the house being torn to
dialog: bits.
text: And the CAMERA STARTS CRANING UP once more... up to the top
text: of the house, moving in on that small vent up there.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: All his stuff still here. And his PHONE... which starts
text: to RING.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: The PHONE RINGING in here, too, and OVER the savage MAULING
text: SOUNDS the ANSWER MACHINE CLICKS on.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL
text: Julie backing away.
speaker_heading: JULIE (V.O.)
dialog: (on machine)
dialog: Hi, we can't come to the phone
dialog: right now -- please leave your
text: message after the beep.
text: BEEP.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: There's blood splashed on the walls. The SNARLING is
text: starting to subside, CHEWING SOUNDS continuing.
speaker_heading: PHIL (V.O.)
dialog: (on machine)
dialog: Hi, hon, I'm still at the
dialog: hospital, but everything's fine.
scene_heading: INT. HIDER'S SECRET ROOM
text: We PAN around the Hider's belongings, his shelf, his
dialog: bulletin board...
speaker_heading: PHIL (V.O.)
dialog: ... I really do think it's time
dialog: for me to come home.
text: ... his sign that says: "ALWAYS REMEMBER TO UNPLUG THE
dialog: PHONE!!!"
speaker_heading: PHIL (V.O.)
dialog: You and the kids should have a man
text: around the house.
speaker_heading: GROWL.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
