dialog: 
speaker_heading: HIGHLANDER 3: The Final Dimension
dialog: by
dialog: Brad Mirman
dialog: First Draft
scene_heading: PROPERTY OF DAVIS/PANZER PRODUCTIONS
scene_heading: _______________________________________________________________________
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: The end of Winter. SNOW blankets the landscape. A SMALL
text: STREAM rushes through the VALLEY. A clear, blue sky hangs over
text: the DISTANT MOUNTAINS adding to the beauty of the setting.
scene_heading: SUPER IMPOSE: SCOTTISH LOWLANDS - 1665
text: The CAMERA begins to PAN. The color of the SNOW begins to
text: change, darkening from PURE WHITE to ASH GRAY, eventually to
text: COAL BLACK. We continue to pan until we arrive at..
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - DAY
text: Plague. Once a charming settlement it is now ravaged by
text: disease. Everywhere BONFIRES burn, sending plumes of BLACK
text: SMOKE rising into the sky -- the ash and soot drift back down,
text: blackening the earth. VILLAGERS scurry about in tattered
text: clothing, their faces soiled by soot as they throw objects of
text: WOOD and CLOTH into the fires.
text: THREE HORSEMEN ride into the village. Two of them we can see
text: clearly as large, powerful men with savage faces. The THIRD
text: MAN'S man's face is hidden from us in the shadows of a black
text: HOODED CAPE. He dismounts, motioning for the other two to wait
dialog: for him.
text: The Hooded Man walks though the village. The SOUND of
text: HAMMERING fills the air as several VILLAGERS finish building a
dialog: make-shift GALLOWS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Built of stone it is already centuries old. A VILLAGER stands
text: guard at the entrance. The Hooded Man approaches and WHISPERS
text: something in the Villagers ear, then holds up a GOLD PIECE.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Dark and musty, lit only by shafts of LIGHT which flow in
text: through the windows. The Hooded Man follows the Villager
text: across the stone floor until he reaches a WOODEN DOOR at the
dialog: back.
dialog: 2
scene_heading: INT. STONE ROOM - DAY
text: No windows. The Hooded Man enters. In the center of the room
text: a CIRCLE has been drawn. Bordering the circle are hundreds of
text: CANDLES, forming a ring of fire. A MAN stands in the center,
text: his head bowed -- his weight supported by thick ROPES around
text: his wrists that are fastened to a wooden beam which runs the
dialog: length of the room.
speaker_heading: HOODED MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Vieira...
text: VIEIRA looks up. He is old, his hair thin and gray, but his
text: eyes are alive, defiant. The Hooded Man moves closer. Vieira
text: follows him with his eyes, trying to see the Hooded Man's face.
text: Vieira strains against his ropes. The Hooded Man does not
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: VIEIRA
dialog: How comes it your are not afraid?
speaker_heading: HOODED MAN
dialog: Would'st you harm one who comes to
dialog: aid you?
text: Vieira's silence indicates he is listening.
speaker_heading: HOODED MAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I've come to strike a bargain with
dialog: you. I wish to learn the power of
dialog: changing.
speaker_heading: VIEIRA
dialog: And what would'st I gain from this
dialog: bargain?
speaker_heading: HOODED MAN
dialog: (nonchalantly)
dialog: Your life.
speaker_heading: VIEIRA
dialog: How?
text: The Hooded Man slowly pulls back his hood. We see his face for
text: the first time. It is hard, brutal, his eyes cold and dark.
text: He grins -- a wicked grin.
speaker_heading: HOODED MAN
dialog: I have a magic of my own.
dialog: 3
text: The Hooded Man removes a KNIFE from under his coat. He holds
text: it before Vieira, then he quickly stabs it into his chest. His
text: face fills with pain -- blood flows from the wound -- he falls
text: to his knees. A beat. He slowly looks up at Vieira as he
text: pulls the knife from his chest, then stands unharmed. Vieira
dialog: cannot believe what he has seen.
speaker_heading: HOODED MAN
dialog: Teach me the chant and I will take
dialog: your place on the gallows.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - LATER - DAY
text: A GROUP of RELIGIOUS-LOOKING MEN walk toward the church.
scene_heading: INT. STONE ROOM - DAY
text: Vieira has finished teaching the chant.
speaker_heading: VIEIRA
dialog: After you recite the chant you must
dialog: concentrate of the form you wish to
dialog: take. The stonger you are the longer
dialog: you can hold the illusion.
text: In the b.g. we HEAR the SOUND of FOOTSTEPS coming up the
text: stairs. Vieira looks at the Hooded Man.
speaker_heading: VIEIRA
dialog: They come. Quickly, take my place.
text: The Men enter. One of them looks at the Hooded Man.
speaker_heading: RELIGIOUS MAN
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: The Hooded Man stares at him -- a hard, unnerving stare -- then
text: slowly, his thin lips from a cruel grin.
speaker_heading: HOODED MAN
text: Just saying goodbye to an old friend.
text: Vieira stares at the Hooded Man angrily.
speaker_heading: VIEIRA
dialog: We had a bargain. You promised.
speaker_heading: HOODED MAN
dialog: I lied.
text: The Hooded Man walks from the room.
dialog: 4
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: The Hooded Man walks out. The TWO HORSEMEN ride up. The
text: Hooded Man climbs on his horse. He takes a DEEP BREATH as he
text: looks at a RANGE OF MOUNTAINS in the distance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - DAY
text: The SOUND of SWORDS CROSSING fill the air. Two MEN, one YOUNG,
text: the other OLD fight across the SNOW-SWEPT GROUND. In. the b.g.
text: a large, stone building is built at the base of a mountain
dialog: range.
text: The Young Man fights furiously, his only weapon strength, but
text: he is clearly inexperienced. The OLD MAN is agile, and easily
text: moves out of the way of each blow. The Young Man swings
text: wildly, he loses his balance. The Old Man strikes his SWORD
text: away, then pushes him to the ground. The Young Man looks up as
text: the older man raises his SWORD above his head. Their eyes
text: lock. The Old Man smiles and slowly lowers the sword to the
text: Young Man's neck.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: It's over.
text: The Old Man reaches out his hand, helping the Young Man to his
text: feet. The Young Man is clearly angry.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Your anger blinds you. You must
dialog: learn to control it. When the time
dialog: comes you'll only have but one
dialog: chance. You best use it well.
scene_heading: INT. STONE BUILDING - DAY
text: Large and barren. A fires roars in the fireplace. The Old Man
text: sits across a wooden table from the Young man as they finish
dialog: eating.
text: The Young Man appears restless. He pushes his plate
text: away -- stands up and walks toward the door.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Where are you off to?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: To the village for some ale -- and if
dialog: the truth be known, I need to see
dialog: someones face other than yours, old
dialog: man.
dialog: 5
text: They smile. The Young Man takes his SWORD then puts on his
text: COAT. He picks up a SACK and leaves. The Old Man begins to
text: clear away the dishes. Suddenly he stops -- his smile fades.
text: He looks towards the door filled with a premonition. Outside
dialog: we HEAR the SOUND of SWORDS CROSSING. It lasts only for a
text: moment. SILENCE.
text: A blinding GREEN LIGHT fills the frame of the door. The ground
text: begins to TREMBLE -- the STONES of the building shake from the
text: force -- debris falls from the ceiling. It stops. SILENCE.
text: The Old Man takes his SWORD from the mantle. The DOOR OPENS.
text: The SOUND of the WIND rushes in. Outside nothing can be seen -
text: - only the darkness of the night. A beat. The Young Man
text: enters the room. The Old Man smiles at the sight of him. The
text: Young Man places his sack on the table.
text: The Old Man turns his back as he starts to replace his sword on
text: the mantle. The Young Man's expression hardens. He stares at
text: the Old Man's neck as he starts to raise his sword.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN'S POV
text: In a SILVER WINE CHALICE he sees the reflection of the YOUNG
text: MAN who is now slowly raising his SWORD and about to strike at
dialog: the Old Man's neck.
text: In one fluid movement the Old Man unsheathes his sword, then
text: turns quickly. The Young Man's blade slices through the air
text: missing it's target. The Old Man pivots and slices his blade
text: across the Young Man's chest. The Young Man winces in pain,
text: then takes a deep breath -- his body begins to shake violently.
text: A TRANSFORMATION BEGINS. The image of Young Man begins to fade
text: and is replaced by the HOODED MAN. He LAUGHS LOUDLY as he
text: holds up his arms as if prompting The Old Man for his
dialog: appreciation of the illusion.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (hatefully)
dialog: Kilvara...
text: The Hooded Man smiles when he hears his name.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: It flatters me you remember, old one.
dialog: It's been what... two hundred years?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: It's not been long enough. What
dialog: witchcraft is this?
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Impressive -- is it not? The problem
dialog: is I can only keep the illusion for a
dialog: few minutes. I need more power to
dialog: hold the form longer. I need the
dialog: Highlander. Where is he?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I do not know -- and even if I did...
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: I know. I know-- you would not tell
dialog: me. Loyalty -- it really is a
dialog: concept that eludes me.
dialog: (shrugs his
dialog: shoulders)
dialog: Oh well -- I shall find him. Time is
dialog: on my side.
text: The Old Man looks sadly at the open door. Kilvara notices and
dialog: grins.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Is this what you're looking for?
text: Kilvara opens the SACK. Inside it is the head of the Young
text: Man. Kilvara LAUGHS, a deep guttural laugh. He turns and
text: starts towards the door. Suddenly he stops and turns back to
dialog: face the Old Man.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: (mockingly)
dialog: Oh -- I almost forgot. Your head.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: It does not come off as easily as the
dialog: young ones.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Perhaps -- but it comes off none the
dialog: less.
text: With a savage YELL Kilvara draws his sword and lunges at the
text: Old Man. The Old Man steps aside and Kilvara's sword smashes
text: down on the table, shattering it into splinters.
text: The two Horsemen step into the room and watch. Kilvara lunges
text: again -- and again -- each time the Old Man side-steps him.
text: Kilvara swings -- the Old Man ducks -- the blade hits the stone
text: wall -- SPARKS FLY -- ROCK EXPLODES. The Old Man slices his
text: blade across Kilvara chest. A deep gash is cut -- blood flows.
text: Kilvara examines the wound.
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: You're dead.
text: With brutal strength Kilvara begins his attack again, whipping
text: his sword through the air furiously. Their swords cross --
dialog: sparks fly. Kilvara is too powerful for the Old Man. All he
text: can do is back up -- using his sword to block each ferocious
text: blow. They pass through a large ARCH at the rear of the room.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN - NIGHT
text: The building is built at the mouth of a vast CAVE. TORCHES set
text: in the walls of the cavern are the only source of light. A
text: WOODEN BRIDGE is built over a deep RAVINE. Kilvara and the Old
text: Man continue their fight across the bridge. The Horsemen lag
text: behind, enjoying the battle. The Old Man's strength is giving
text: way under the merciless attack.
text: The SPARKS from each contact is even more dazzling in the dim
text: light of the cavern. Kilvara swings again. The Old Man tries
text: to block it. In one fluid movement Kilvara scrapes his SWORD
text: along the Old Man's -- then lunges forward -- thrusting his
text: blade through the Old Man's chest. The Old Man SCREAMS in
text: pain. Kilvara lifts him up with the blade. Kilvara flings him
text: off the blade and onto the ground. The Old Man is on his
text: knees. Kilvara raises his sword above his head.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: There can be only one.
text: Kilvara brings the blade down. It slices through the Old Man's
text: neck, severing his head from his body. Kilvara waits,
text: preparing himself. A stream of bright GREEN LIGHT begins to
text: flow from the BODY of the OLD MAN. It grows BRIGHTER and
text: BRIGHTER. The Body of the old man begins to hover above the
text: ground, then in a pulsing burst of energy the LIGHT flows into
text: Kilvara. The force knocks him to his knees.
text: The GROUND SHAKES -- The walls of the cavern move. Suddenly,
text: chunks of rock are blown out of the walls -- the RUMBLING SOUND
text: grows LOUDER and LOUDER -- blinding GREEN LIGHT FILLS the cave
text: and then -- a deafening EXPLOSION. Whole sections of the
text: cavern begin to collapse -- covering the exit -- trapping
dialog: everyone inside.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN - WIDE SHOT - NIGHT
text: The RUMBLING SOUND subsides. In the distance we hear the
text: savage SCREAM of Kilvara. The CAMERA MOVES UP the side of the
dialog: mountain. As we come over the top we see...
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
dialog: 8
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - NIGHT
text: The familiar towers of the city skyline stand along the bay,
text: their LIGHTS reflecting off the water.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: A thick FOG hangs in the air. A light wind blows, moving
text: newspapers and other articles of trash along the deserted
dialog: street.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Crates and trash dumpsters line the alley. A single, naked
text: light bulb shines down like a spotlight. Through the fog the
text: SILHOUETTE of man appears as he steps under the light.
scene_heading: MOVING WITH THE MAN - REVERSE SHOT
text: We follow the man from behind. He is tall, dressed in a long,
text: tan rain-coat, jeans and sneakers. A small TRAVEL BAG is slung
text: over his shoulder. As he moves down the alley he hears a
text: SCRAPING SOUND. HE stops -- but does not turn around.
text: A street PUNK emerges from behind a trash crate, scraping the
text: BLADE of his KNIFE along the wall of a building. He studies
text: the man for a moment as he runs his thumb along the edge of the
text: blade, almost caressing it.
speaker_heading: PUNK
dialog: What'cha got in the bag?
dialog: Not only does the man not answer -- he doesn't even turn
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: PUNK
dialog: Hey -- you hear me?
text: CONNER MACLEOD slowly turns around. He is mid thirties,
text: handsome, his chin dotted with the stubble of a beard. He is
text: calm, detached -- yet under the surface there is a great
text: sadness from a lifetime of pain and loneliness. He stares at
dialog: the Punk wearily -- knowing both what is going to happen and
dialog: what the outcome will be.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Yes -- I hear you.
speaker_heading: PUNK
dialog: Good. Now, give it up.
dialog: 9
text: Macleod studies the Punk for a moment.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: Go home -- while you still can.
text: Macleod turns his back to him and starts to walk away. The
text: Punk moves after him quickly. Macleod reaches into a trash can
text: and pulls out a piece of PIPE. The Punk stops and stares at
dialog: Macleod.
speaker_heading: PUNK
dialog: (amused)
dialog: What do you think you're gonna to do
dialog: with that?
text: Macleod raises the pipe, twirling it around expertly in his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: (deadly calm)
dialog: Let's find out.
text: A beat. The Punk is losing confidence. He looks at Macleod.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MACLEOD'S EYES
text: Deep. Confidant. They radiate an intensity that seems to burn
dialog: into the Punk.
text: The Punk is unnerved by Macleod's calm. Macleod waits, letting
text: him make the next move. A beat. The Punk backs away and
text: disappears into the darkness. Macleod stares him for a moment,
text: then drops the pipe to the ground and walks off in the other
dialog: direction.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Macleod stops at the mouth of the alley where it intersects
text: with the street. He stares across the street.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD'S POV
text: An old building. A sign reads: RUSSELL NASH, ANTIQUES.
text: A sadness falls across his face -- his mind floods with
text: memories as he looks at the building.
text: Across the street the door of the antique store opens. RACHEL,
text: an attractive woman in her fifties exits -- locks the door --
text: walks down the street.
dialog: 10
text: Macleod watches her affectionately -- painfully. As she
text: crosses the street, he steps back into the shadows of the
text: alley, hiding in the darkness. Rachel reaches the alley, then
text: stops -- thinks -- looks back at the Antique Store. She is
text: only a few feet away from Macleod.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MACLEOD
text: Macleod struggles to make a decision. Slowly he raises his
text: hand -- reaches out -- but cannot bring himself to touch her.
text: Rachel starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD (OS)
dialog: Rachel.
text: No more needs to be said. She recognizes the voice instantly.
text: She turns around slowly and looks behind her. In the b.g.
text: Macleod steps out of the darkness. He smiles at her weakly.
text: Confusion fills her face, but is quickly replaced by a wave of
text: emotion. She moves towards Macleod slowly, as if trying to
text: determine if he is really there. She cups her hands to his
text: face and stares deeply into his eyes. No words are spoken --
dialog: none need to be. The power of their feelings are shown in
dialog: their eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANTIQUE STORE - NIGHT
text: Crowded with tables, chairs, cabinets and other rare old
text: objects of furniture. Macleod is seated at a 17th century
text: dinning table. Rachel stands in the center of the room.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You know it's not safe here for you.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: The police still have a lot of
dialog: questions for Russell Nash.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: I can take care of myself.
text: Rachel's emotion builds.
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Why are you here, Conner? After
dialog: seven years without a word, why have
dialog: you come back? You went off to make
dialog: a new life with Brenda and that was
dialog: the last I heard--
text: A sadness falls over Macleod's face.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: Brenda's dead.
text: Rachel is stunned.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Four years ago. I've nowhere else to
dialog: go. You're all I have, Rachel -- and
dialog: I'm just so tired of being alone.
text: His words touch her. She opens a cabinet and pulls out a
text: bottle of GLENMORGANGIE scotch. Macleod forces a weak smile.
text: In the light he looks tired. She pours him a drink.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It isn't over, is it, Conner?
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: How can that be?
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: I don't know.
text: Rachel's face fills with compassion. She reaches out and holds
text: Macleod. He lays his head on her shoulder like a baby.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Every inch of wall-space is filled with shelves and BOOKS.
text: Macleod walks along a row studying the titles. A faint grin
text: falls across his face as he sees a selected works of poetry.
text: Rachel enters the room with a tea service and places it on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Is there anything else you need?
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: No -- I'm fine. Thank you.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I'm glad you've come home, Conner.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: Me too.
text: Rachel leaves. Macleod takes a small book off the shelf and
text: looks through it. Outside a STREAK of LIGHTNING cuts across
text: the night sky. Macleod looks out the window concerned.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FARM - DAY
text: Seventeenth century Scotland. The CAMERA rise over an old
text: stone wall. A charming farm house with stone walls and a
text: thatched roof sits in the distance. Smoke drifts lazily from
dialog: the chimney.
speaker_heading: +IN THE FIELD
text: A man toils behind an ox, his arms straining as he guides a
text: plow through the soft earth. He stops, runs his hand across
text: his brow, then turns around. It is Macleod. His hair is
text: longer, but he looks exactly the same.
text: The FARMER and owner of the land, a kindly-looking man in his
text: fifties walks over to him. He picks up and handful of soil and
dialog: tastes it.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: It will be a good harvest this year.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Can you really tell from doing that?
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I think you just like to eat dirt.
text: They both LAUGH. SARAH, fifteen years old, with flaxen hair
text: and bright blue eyes approaches Macleod with a water pale.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Would you care for some water,
dialog: Conner?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Aye -- that I would, lass.
dialog: 13
text: Conner takes the ladle and pours it over his head. He scoops
text: out some more water and drinks, then WINKS at Sarah. She
text: blushes and runs off.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: I think my Sarah fancies you, Conner.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: She's a treasure she is.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: She'll soon be of age.
dialog: Macleod understands him only too well.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Your words are kind and they flatter
dialog: me -- but I think of her as a sister.
dialog: Besides, you hardly know me.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: I know that for six months you've
dialog: worked hard and asked for little.
dialog: That you're a good and honest man.
dialog: What more need I know?
text: The conversation is interrupted by the SOUND of HORSES HOOVES
text: thundering across the fields. TWO MEN, dirty and rough-looking
text: ride up to the house. They have the look of warriors to them.
text: The Farmers wife and Sarah stand outside the house.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE - DAY
text: The Farmer arrives, out of breath from his run across the
text: field. In the b.g. we see Macleod going into the barn.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Good day.
text: The Men do not answer. The Farmer is nervous. He has seen men
text: like this before. A few other FARM HANDS, mostly OLD MEN and
text: WOMEN come in from the fields.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: You are welcome to share our food and
dialog: our fire.
speaker_heading: WARRIOR #1
dialog: We do not share, old man. We take.
text: Warrior #1 dismounts. His eyes fall on young Sarah. He looks
text: back at his friend with a toothless grin.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: WARRIOR #1
dialog: You can eat if you want. I'm going
dialog: to start with her.
text: Warrior #1 walks towards Sarah who clings to her Mother. The
text: Farmer stands in the path of the Warrior.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: No!
text: Warrior #1 backhands the Farmer across the face, sending him
text: falling to the ground. Sarah tries to run but the Warrior
text: grabs her. He lifts her over his shoulder and carries her
text: inside the barn, closing the door behind them. We HEAR Sarah
text: SCREAM. A beat. Suddenly, the doors of the barn crash open as
text: the Warrior flies out of the barn and lands on his back.
text: Macleod steps out of the barn, his Samurai in hand. Warrior
text: #2, still mounted on his horse grins.
speaker_heading: WARRIOR #2
dialog: It appears this farmer has a temper.
text: Warrior #1 staggers to his feet. He removes his sword and
text: stares angrily at Macleod.
speaker_heading: WARRIOR #1
dialog: This farmer is dead.
text: Warrior #1 lunges at Macleod who casually sidesteps his attack
text: and slices his sword across the Warriors chest. The Warrior
text: GASPS, then falls to the ground dead.
text: Warrior #2 cannot believe what he has seen. Anger fills his
text: face. He reaches to the side of his saddle and lifts a CROSS
text: BOW. Macleod changes his grip on the sword and holds it like a
text: spear. He THROWS it at the Warrior at the same time he FIRES
text: the cross bow. The sword flies into the Warrior's stomach.
text: Blood flows from his mouth. A beat. He falls from the saddle,
dialog: dead.
text: Macleod is standing, an ARROW dead-center in his chest. Blood
text: flows from the wound. He slowly walks into the barn. The
text: Farmer runs after him.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - MOMENTS LATER - DAY
text: The Farmer enters. Macleod is on his knees, his face filled
text: with pain. He pulls the arrow from his chest and stands. The
text: farmer cannot believe what he has just seen. He crosses
dialog: himself.
dialog: 15
text: Outside, through the open barn doors we see Sarah and her
text: mother running towards them. The Farmer quickly closes the
text: doors and bolts them.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: This cannot be.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: It is. Do not ask me how. I do not
dialog: know. I must leave, for if I stayed
dialog: others would surely hear of this and
dialog: worse than they will come.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Agreed.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I would like to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: How?
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - DAY
text: The doors opens and the Farmer comes outside. He motions for
text: his wife and Sarah to enter.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - DAY
text: Sarah is crying as she enters with her Mother and Father.
text: Macleod is laying on the ground, his head propped up under a
dialog: mat of straw.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Be quick -- he has not much time.
text: Tears flow from Sarah's eyes as she kneels next to Macleod.
text: She holds his hand.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Don't leave us, Conner.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: It's not for me to decide.
text: He gently wipes her tears away with his hand.
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't cry, wee one. It's a better
dialog: place I go to.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I love you, Conner.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Aye -- I know, Las -- and I have
dialog: never loved anyone more.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'll no forget you.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: And I you. Go now. Let me walk to
dialog: heavens door alone.
text: The Farmer ushers his wife and Sarah from the barn.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: The Farmer sits on a cart pulled by an ox. He stops and looks
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: This should do.
text: In the back of the cart Macleod lifts up a tarp and gets out.
text: He looks down in the valley. He can see the LIGHTS in the
speaker_heading: FARMHOUSE below.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Go. I will dig a grave and mark it
dialog: with your name.
text: The farmer's voice is distant. He is still unable to grasp
dialog: what he has seen.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Thank you.
text: Macleod reaches up his hand. The Farmer does not take it.
text: Macleod understands. He starts to walk off into the night.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Conner?
text: Macleod turns around.
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: I will not pretend to understand what
dialog: I have seen this day. I am a simple
dialog: man. Whatever you be -- demon or
dialog: spirit -- I thank you for the life of
dialog: my Sarah and I wish you God's peace.
text: The Farmer turns the cart around, leaving Macleod alone,
text: staring into the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Macleod is still staring out the window as the memories fade
text: back into the past. He opens the book of poetry and searches
dialog: through it.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: (reading aloud)
text: The forest is lovely. Dark and deep
dialog: -- but I have promises to keep -- and
dialog: miles to go before I sleep.
text: Another FLASH of LIGHTNING. He looks out the window into the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: "Miles to go before I sleep"
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHAEOLOGICAL SITE, SCOTTISH HIGHLANDS - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The WIND HOWLS through the valley. Outside the crumbling RUINS
text: of the STONE BUILDING (we saw in the opening sequence) are
text: several four wheel drive trucks and vans. PROFESSOR PAUL
text: DAJORSKI, is a typical academic in his fifties: beard, glasses,
text: pipe, tweed jacket. He walks across the field with a REPORTER
speaker_heading: and CAMERAMAN.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: For years this site was thought to
dialog: hold no archaeological value. That
dialog: is until a few weeks ago when some
dialog: local boys discovered what appears to
dialog: be a collapsed passageway that leads
dialog: into a cavern.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: How much longer until you expect to
dialog: enter the main cavern?
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: That's what we're going to find out
dialog: now.
text: A STREAK OF LIGHTNING CUTS across the clear blue sky.
text: Professor Dajorski looks up.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: (referring to the
dialog: lightning)
dialog: I've never seen anything like that
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: It just started a few hours ago.
text: WORKERS exit the building pushing wheelbarrows filled with rock
text: and dirt. The Professor enters the stone building, followed by
dialog: the Reporter and his team.
scene_heading: INT. STONE BUILDING - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Inside groups of VOLUNTEERS attend to various functions.
text: Professor Dajorski walks through the room. The Camera Crew
dialog: follows.
text: WE MOVE WITH THEM as they walk down a long tunnel that leads
dialog: into the mountain.
text: JENNIFER HILLMAN an attractive woman in her late twenties
text: stands next to a TECHNICIAN. They each watch the screen as
text: bright green light oscillates up and down. She looks up at
dialog: Dakorski.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Electro magnetic soundings indicate
dialog: we've only got a few inches of rock
dialog: left before we reach the main
dialog: chamber.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Any idea how big the cavern is on the
dialog: other side?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Huge.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: What are you hoping to find inside?
dialog: The question strikes Jennifer as odd.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You guys are from the British museum,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: No -- we're from Strange facts and
dialog: mysteries. It's a syndicated show
dialog: out of..
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (to Dajorski)
dialog: Paul. I thought we agreed. No
dialog: press.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: Just a little. Who knows what we're
dialog: going to find in there. It could be
text: a huge excavation. A little friendly
dialog: PR never hurt.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Where is the film crew from the
dialog: British Museum?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: They've had a little car trouble.
dialog: I'm afraid they won't be here until
dialog: after dark.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Then we shouldn't break into the
dialog: cavern until tomorrow morning. This
dialog: could be a very important find. I
dialog: want it documented.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHAEOLOGICAL SITE - NIGHT
text: All is quiet. Trucks and Vans are parked near the structure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STONE BUILDING - TUNNEL ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: A GUARD sits in a fold-out chair at the entrance to the tunnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 20
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: ELECTRIC LIGHTS are set up at intervals along the tunnel. We
text: HEAR a SCRATCHING SOUND. A beat. The SOUND grows LOUDER. One
text: of the huge rocks blocking the tunnel begins to move. It moves
text: forward slowly, then falls to the ground with a THUD. There is
text: now a hole in the wall.
scene_heading: INT. STONE BUILDING - TUNNEL ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: The GUARD hears the SOUND. He turns around and looks down the
text: tunnel, then enters.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: The Guard reaches the end. He sees there are now several rocks
text: on the ground and the hole in the wall is now even bigger. The
text: Guard slowly removes a FLASH LIGHT and moves towards the wall.
text: He shines the light inside and looks in. A beat -- then,
text: suddenly and hand reaches out, grabbing the Guard and pulling
text: him in through the hole. A beat. ALL IS QUIET.
text: Kilvara steps out through the hole holding his sword. He
text: shields his eyes from the light and moves towards the exit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STONE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Kilvara steps outside. He takes a deep breath, filling his
text: lungs with the cool night air. A moment later he is joined by
text: the two Horsemen. Kilvara closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Can you feel it? There is another
dialog: one among us. It has not ended?
speaker_heading: HORSEMAN #1
dialog: What now?
text: Kilvara opens his eyes and slowly looks at the Horseman.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Everything is as it was before.
text: Kilvara raises his sword -- swings in at the Horseman -- and
text: severs his head from his body. The other Horseman looks on in
text: horror. He backs up slowly, then runs off. Kilvara prepares
dialog: himself to receive the power.
dialog: 21
scene_heading: EXT. STONE BUILDING - WIDE SHOT - NIGHT
text: A Brilliant GREEN LIGHT pierces the darkness, lighting the
text: front of the Stone Building.
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MACLEOD'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Macleod bolts up in bed. He stares out the window sadly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
dialog: Seventeenth century England.
text: Macleod rides his horse along a road blanketed by dense forest
text: on each side. Suddenly, he stops his horse as a premonition
text: fills him. He looks around. A horse is tethered to a tree off
dialog: the road.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Good day.
text: The VOICE comes from above. Macleod looks up. Sitting on the
text: branch of a tree that extents over the road is THOMAS
text: CAVANAUGH. He is a large, robust MAN in his fifties dressed in
text: thick sheepskins. He drops from the tree landing before
text: Macleod. Macleod slowly reaches for his Samurai.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: You'll have no need for that,
dialog: Highlander.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Since we hardly know each other, I'm
dialog: sure you'll understand if I hold one
dialog: to it for awhile.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Caution shows wisdom.
dialog: Cavenaugh notes the Samurai.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: I know that weapon. It belonged to
dialog: Juan Romeriz. He's dead?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Aye.
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: No. He was my brother. He died at
dialog: anothers hand.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: We too are brothers, Macleod. In
dialog: fact, you have more family than you
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Thomas Cavenaugh. I am a teacher of
dialog: sorts. Like Romeriz I help those
dialog: newly acquainted with our life.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I learned my fill from Romeriz.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Indeed you did. And now it is time
dialog: for you to pass on to others what you
dialog: learned from him.
text: Cavenaugh walks over his horse and mounts it.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: So they can take my head?
text: Cavenaugh rides over to Macleod.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Your head is not important,
dialog: Highlander. What is important is the
dialog: prize. It must go to one who would
dialog: not misuse it. Ride with me. Come
dialog: and meet your family.
text: Cavenaugh's horse begins to walk away. Macleod stares after
text: him, then follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANCIENT CHURCH - DAY
text: The Church stands alone in a valley, it's stone walls collapsed
text: from time and neglect. Fog carpets the ground. HORSES and
text: CARTS are in front of the building.
dialog: 23
scene_heading: INT. ANCIENT CHURCH - DAY
text: Only three of the four stone walls are standing. A large
text: section of the roof is gone. Inside are about thirty MEN,
text: WARRIORS, fierce and hard-looking. They stand before what once
text: was the altar and listen as Cavenaugh speaks.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: I've called this gathering on holy
dialog: ground so that each man might take
dialog: comfort in knowing he is protected
text: inside the confines of these walls.
dialog: None of us, good or evil would dare
text: raise a hand against the other in
dialog: God's house.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: If God protects us so, why has he
dialog: cursed us?
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: God's purpose for us is unclear, save
dialog: that he has given us a gift.
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: A gift? You call never growing old -
dialog: - watching friends and loved ones die
dialog: a gift?
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: I do not profess to know what is in
dialog: God's mind. He has chosen us. We
dialog: are his warriors through time. The
dialog: final Gathering is still far away but
dialog: the prize must be captured by a man
dialog: who is pure of heart. Those of us
dialog: who would use the prize for goodly
dialog: purpose must band together against
dialog: those who would use it for evil.
text: In the back of the room, standing alone is Macleod. His eyes
text: are on the altar, but his mind seems far away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANCIENT CHURCH - LATER - DAY
text: Macleod walks with Cavanaugh, weaving through the crowd of men
dialog: and horses.
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: The prize? So much blood so that in
dialog: the end the one that remains will be
dialog: mortal again. So much pain so that
dialog: the winner can grow old and have
dialog: children. The prize hardly seems
dialog: worth the cost of it.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: There will be more to the prize than
dialog: that. Power will come with it -- and
dialog: it must be used for good.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: The days of magic are ending. The
dialog: world is changing.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Aye -- yet one such as I who has
dialog: wandered this world for nearly nine
dialog: centuries can remember back to other
dialog: days of change. Days of Robin of the
dialog: Hood and Arthur Pendragon. They were
dialog: real enough once, but they drifted
dialog: into men's dreams and became legend -
dialog: - as we shall do one day.
text: Macleod stops at his horse.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I grow weary of the fight.
text: Macleod mounts his horse.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: You cannot run from your destiny,
dialog: Conner.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Perhaps -- but if I must face it, let
dialog: it find me, for I shall search for it
dialog: no more.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHAEOLOGICAL SITE - MORNING
text: Professor Dajorski walks quickly to the Stone Building. The
text: area is surprisingly empty. Jennifer walks over to meet him.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: What's going on? Where is everyone?
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We're holding the workers down below.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Someone broke into the cavern last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: What? How?
text: Jennifer begins to walk. Dajorski follows.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We're not quite sure. The Guard was
dialog: knocked out.
text: Dajorski is concerned. Jennifer waves him off.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: He's fine. He swears he never left
text: his post for a moment. He heard a
dialog: noise and when he went back to look
dialog: they were already inside.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: How could they get by him?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I don't know.
text: Jennifer stops. A few feet away lies the torso of the horseman
text: covered by a blanket. Beside him, covered with a jacket is the
text: head. Dajorski looks at it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: We found him this morning.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: What's that next to him?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: His head. Someone cut it off.
text: Dajorski shivers at the thought of it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Look at this.
dialog: 26
text: Jennifer lifts the cloth. Dajorski isn't pleased with the
text: sight, but he immediately sees what she is referring to. He
text: bends down and examines the dead man's clothing.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: Incredible. The cloth -- the buttons
dialog: -- it looks to be mid sixteen
dialog: hundreds. It's a remarkable
dialog: duplication.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I don't think it is a duplication.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: It has to be.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: And this?
text: Jennifer lifts the sword. Dajorski examines it.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: Same period -- and exceptionally well
dialog: preserved. Jennifer, what's going on
dialog: here?
text: Jennifer look back at the stone building.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: That's a good question. That's a
dialog: very good question.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANTIQUE STORE - DAY
text: Macleod comes out of the elevator. He walks over to Rachel at
dialog: the counter.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I'm going out for a while.
text: Rachel opens a drawer and removes a set of keys. She hands
dialog: them to him.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: You kept it?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Yes.
text: Macleod smiles and kisses her on the forehead.
dialog: 27
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
text: A tarp is pulled off of a 1958 convertible PORSCHE.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: The PORSCHE roars up the driveway and out onto the street.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH, NEW YORK - AFTERNOON
text: Filtered light flows through stain glass windows. Macleod sits
text: alone in the pew. He stares at the altar, his mind deep in
text: thought. A PRIEST walks down the aisle -- stops -- studies him
text: for a moment, then sits beside him.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You look troubled my son.
text: Macleod's mouth hints at a grin from the Priest's
text: understatement. He does not look at the Priest.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Sometimes we feel better if we talk
dialog: about the things that bother us. How
dialog: long has it been since your last
dialog: confession?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (distantly)
dialog: A long time.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Perhaps if you--
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I don't think confession will help
dialog: me, father.
text: Macleod stands and prepares to leave.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Redemption is one of God's gifts.
text: Macleod looks at the Priest sadly.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: God's gifts? You mean like, life,
dialog: having children, growing old, dying
dialog: and heaven?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Those are gifts I can never have.
text: Macleod walks down the aisle.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You are too young to be so bitter.
text: Macleod stops. He turns back and looks at the Priest.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I'm older than I look.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS - DUSK
text: A desolate area of the RIVER. Abandoned WAREHOUSES line the
text: waterfront. His PORSCHE is parked in the b.g. Macleod leans
text: against the railing, staring out over the water. A beat.
text: Suddenly, Macleod stiffens, his gaze lifts off the water. A
text: premonition fills him. He turns around, knowing what he will
text: find behind him.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD'S POV
text: The other Horseman approaches. He holds his broad sword at his
dialog: side.
text: Macleod holds his hand up.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Wait. We don't have to do this.
text: The Horseman lunges at Macleod. He raises the sword and brings
text: it down quickly. Macleod moves quickly to his side. The sword
text: miss him by inches as it smashes into the railing, slicing
dialog: through the metal.
text: Macleod stares into the Horseman's eyes -- they are cold,
dialog: savage. He knows there is not point in talking.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Alright.
text: Macleod opens his rain coat and slowly removes the ancient
text: Samurai sword. He expertly twirls the sword as he raises it
text: over his head and holds it in a fighting stance. A beat. Both
text: men lock eyes. The Horseman attacks.
text: Blades cross. Sparks fly. The men move across the quay
dialog: towards the warehouse.
dialog: 29
text: The Horseman thrusts his sword. Macleod steps to the side and
text: slices the blade of the Samurai across the Horseman's face. A
text: deep gash appears, blood flows down his cheek. The Horseman
text: touches the wound, looks at the blood on his finger, then
text: tastes it. He grins and attacks.
text: The Horseman whirls his sword, swinging furiously at Macleod.
text: Blow after powerful blow pounds against the samurai. Macleod
text: is backed up against the railing. The swords cross and
text: remained locked -- each man pushing against the other in a show
dialog: of strength.
text: The Horseman knees Macleod in the groin. Macleod doubles over.
text: The Horseman brings the butt of his sword down hard between
text: Macleod's shoulder blades. Macleod falls to his knees,
text: dropping his sword. The Horseman lifts the Samurai and throws
text: it behind him. Macleod struggles to shake the pain from his
text: body as the Horseman raises the sword above Macleod's neck.
text: As he brings it down, Macleod lunges forward, hurling his body
text: into the Horseman and picking him. Macleod's runs across the
text: quay carrying the Horseman on his shoulder. The Horseman
text: raises his sword above his head. Macleod heads towards one of
text: the large windows of the warehouse.
scene_heading: INT. MEAT PACKING WAREHOUSE - DUSK
text: CRASH! Glass shatters as Macleod and the Horseman break
text: through the window. Carcasses of BEEF hang from hooks on a
text: curving S-HAPED processing line. Slowly the two warriors get
text: to their feet. The Horseman's sword is a few feet behind him.
text: He stands and walks to it. Macleod looks around the room,
dialog: looking for something -- anything -- that might be used as a
dialog: weapon.
text: The Horseman attacks, swinging his sword wildly. Macleod grabs
text: the racks of beef, using them as a shield. The Horseman's
text: blade slices through the meat. Macleod back up, grabs another
text: side of beef and pushes it into the Horseman. The impact
text: knocks the Horseman to the ground. His sword slides across the
text: floor. The Horseman gets up and walks over to his sword.
text: Macleod grabs one of the MEAT HOOKS and hurls it towards the
text: Horseman's back. The Horseman has just about reached the sword
text: when the Hook spears him between the shoulder blades.
text: Macleod pushes a RED BUTTON. The processing line begins to
text: move -- the hook lifts, picking the Horseman off the ground.
text: The Horseman tries desperately to reach the hook, but he
text: cannot. Macleod picks up the sword and readies himself. The
text: Horseman heads back towards Macleod . In one fluid motion
text: Macleod cuts off his head -- leaving the rope intact. The
text: headless body continues to swing across the room.
dialog: 30
text: A beat. Macleod readies himself for what he knows his coming.
text: Sparks of green light begin to pulse out from the Horseman's
dialog: headless body.
text: Macleod's body stiffens as a jolt of power fills him. Overhead
text: LIGHT FIXTURES CRACKLE as the LIGHT BULBS begin to glow. The
text: ENGINE of an old fork lift comes to life. A RADIO turns on
text: filling the room with MUSIC.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: One by one the WINDOWS EXPLODE, raining a shower of glass on
dialog: the dock -- and then -- SILENCE.
text: An exhausted-looking Macleod staggers out of the building. He
text: searches through the darkness until he finds his sword, then
text: runs off into the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
dialog: Seventeenth century England.
text: Macleod rides along the shores of the river. Cavanaugh rides
text: beside him, singing and old FOLD SONG loudly. His voice
dialog: clearly annoys Macleod.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Must you do that?
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Sing.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: It is a beautiful day. I am merely
dialog: enjoying it.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Can't you enjoy it quietly?
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Are you always this pleasant?
dialog: (Macleod doesn't
dialog: answer)
dialog: You know what you're problem is?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: You?
dialog: 31
text: Cavanaugh forces a grin. He stops his horse. Macleod stops
dialog: beside him.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Life. You've stopped living it. You
dialog: look, but you do not see. You listen
dialog: but, you do not hear.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I hear you.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: What else? What else do you hear
dialog: right now?
text: Macleod listens for a moment.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: The river.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: That's all?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Yes.
text: Cavanaugh closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Do you not hear the wind in the
dialog: trees? The songs of the birds. The
dialog: horses breath?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There is a whole world around you.
dialog: Alive. Living. Feel it -- become
dialog: part of it. Live your life,
dialog: Highlander. It's going to be a long
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: That is what bothers me.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: I see. You don't care about life
dialog: anymore.
text: Macleod shrugs his shoulders, indicating he doesn't care.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I guess not.
dialog: 32
text: In an instant Cavanaugh draws his sword and swings it at
text: Macleod's neck. Just as quickly Macleod removes his Samurai
text: and blocks the attack. A beat. Cavanaugh grins, then lowers
dialog: his sword.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: You protect yourself well for a man
dialog: who doesn't care if he lives or dies.
text: Cavanaugh moves his horse forward.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: (looking back at
dialog: Macleod)
dialog: Fear not, my friend -- we're all
dialog: going to die. It's just going to
dialog: take us longer, that's all.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INN - NIGHT
text: A small country inn. A fire roars in the fireplace. Macleod
text: sits at a table, staring into the flames. Cavanaugh joins him
text: carrying to tankards of ale. A beat. Cavanaugh does not
dialog: interrupt Macleod's thoughts.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I'm leaving.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Leaving what?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: England. There is nothing for me
dialog: here anymore.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: And what do you think you will find
dialog: in another land?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Maybe myself.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Then it's worth the journey.
text: Macleod holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Thank you, Thomas.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: For what?
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: For being a friend when I needed one.
dialog: I hope our paths cross again.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: I'm sure they will.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: As friends -- always as friends.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: We cannot write our destiny, Macleod.
dialog: In the end it could be you and me.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: That is a thought that doesn't please
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: If it came down to it what would you
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I do not know. I pray that I shall
dialog: never have to raise my sword against
dialog: one that I call friend.
text: Cavanaugh raises his tankard. Macleod joins him. They tab
text: there tankards together and drink.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MEAT PACKING WAREHOUSE - MORNING
text: Several BLACK AND WHITE POLICE CARS are in front of the
text: building. An unmarked car drives up and BEDSOE the cop from
text: Highlander one gets out. He is older, heavier and now a
text: Lieutenant. He walks towards the entrance of the warehouse.
scene_heading: INT. MEAT PACKING WAREHOUSE - MORNING
text: POLICE OFFICERS and members of the FORENSIC TEAM search through
text: the rubble for clues. The headless corpse of the Horseman is
text: still hanging from the meat hook in between several slabs of
text: beef. Bedsoe enters at stares at the gruesome sight. A
text: DETECTIVE GRELEY, a sloppy-looking man in his thirties joins
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: Caretaker found him this morning.
dialog: He's got no I.D. on him -- we'll have
dialog: to run his prints.
dialog: 34
text: Bedsoe looks around the room. The scene is all too familiar to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: So, whaddaya think, Lieutenant,
speaker_heading: U.S.D.A?
text: Greley grins. Bedsoe looks at him askance.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Did you find a sword? An old sword?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Yeah -- how'd you know that?
text: Bedsoe ignores the question. He looks away, his mind deep in
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (quietly to himself)
dialog: He's back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - MORNING
text: An old building set among warehouses and abandoned buildings.
text: In the b.g. looms the modern high-rises of the city.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - MORNING
text: A large room, filled with tables that are piled high with
text: artifacts. Professor Dajorski enters, hangs up his jacket and
text: walks across the room. Jennifer is asleep at a workbench, her
text: head resting on the surface. Dajorski stares at her for a
text: moment, then gently wakes her.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: You stayed here again last night?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I was working on the cataloging.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: Jennifer, there is more to life than
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I know, Paul.
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: Do you? Then why don't you go out?
dialog: Meet someone. Make a life for
dialog: yourself instead of hiding away in
dialog: the past?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I like my work.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: I'm having some people over tonight
dialog: for dinner -- I'd like you come.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: We'll see.
dialog: Dajorski knows her well enough to know when to stop pushing.
text: He places a copy of the morning paper in front of her.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: Take a lok at this.
text: Jennifer lifts the paper.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (reading)
text: The headless corpse of a man was
dialog: found early this morning in a meat
text: packing warehouse near the river.
dialog: Police say the unidentified body was
text: dressed in what appears to be a
dialog: costume from the seventeenth
dialog: century...
text: Jennifer lowers the paper and looks at Dajorski with confusion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK - DAY
text: An old building with several large PILLARS running from floor
text: to ceiling. MR. PARKER, a distinguished looking man in his
text: forties stands at counter. He finishes filling out a deposit
text: slip, then endorses the back of a check. Parker looks at the
text: line, puts the check in his BRIEFCASE, then walks towards the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: SOMEONE'S POV
text: of Parker walking into the bathroom. The POV slowly heads
dialog: towards the bathroom.
dialog: 36
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY - SOMEONE'S POV
text: walking along the stall, looking under them to see if they are
text: occupied. We come to one and see a pair of shoes. A beat.
text: The POV rises, as if the person is straightening up. A beat.
text: Suddenly the door is kicked open, revealing Mr. Parker siting
text: on the toilet. He looks up, startled.
speaker_heading: PARKER'S POV
text: Kilvara is standing at the entrance of the stall with a grin.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Don't get up.
scene_heading: INT. BANK, TELLER'S WINDOW - DAY
text: The TELLER, a bored middle-aged woman looks up routinely as Mr.
text: Parker walks to her window with his check in one hand, his
text: briefcase in the other.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Good afternoon, Mr. Parker.
speaker_heading: MR. PARKER
dialog: Good afternoon...
dialog: (looks at name plate)
dialog: ... Shirley.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Would you like to deposit this in
dialog: your account?
speaker_heading: MR. PARKER
dialog: No. The money, please.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: This check is for sixteen thousand
dialog: dollars. That's a lot of cash to be
dialog: carrying around.
speaker_heading: MR. PARKER
dialog: I can take care of myself.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Alright. It's going to take a few
dialog: minutes. I have to call and verify
dialog: the funds.
text: We hold on Mr. Parker who is becoming a little anxious.
text: The Teller is on the phone.
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Yes -- I'll hold.
text: Mr. Parker taps his fingers on the counter. The CLOCK on the
dialog: wall behind him reads: 1:10
text: The Teller hangs up the phone and walks back to her station.
text: Mr, Parker looks pale, beads of sweat dot his forehead. The
text: CLOCK on the wall now reads: 1:22. The Teller takes out
text: several stacks of ONE HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS. She starts to
text: count them. Mr. Parker scoops them into his briefcase.
speaker_heading: MR. PARKER
dialog: That's okay -- I trust you.
text: Mr. Parker walks away. His face sweats more, his body
text: stiffens. He draws the attention of a GUARD. Mr. Parker walks
text: behind one of the PILLARS as he heads for the exit. When we
text: see him again he looks different. He passes behind another --
dialog: and again when we see him he appears different. From pillar to
text: pillar his shape changes until when he passes from behind the
dialog: last one he is now Kilvara.
dialog: The Guard cannot believe what he has seen -- or what he thinks
text: he has seen. He weaves in an out of the pillars looking for
text: any sign of Mr. Parker. There is none. He rushes up to
text: Kilvara who is still holding the BRIEFCASE.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Just a moment, Sir.
text: Kilvara stops. He turns around slowly.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Would you come with me please?
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: I think not.
text: The Guard moves closer. Kilvara slowly reaches his free hand
text: under his jacket. The Guard instantly removes his revolver and
dialog: aims it at Kilvara.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Freeze!
text: Kilvara stares at the gun with amusement. In a flash his sword
text: his drawn. He moves towards the Guard. The Guard FIRES. The
text: first three shots hit Kilvara in the chest -- his light colored
text: shirt splatters with blood. The shots drive him backwards but
text: not down. He staggers forward. The Guard FIRES three more
text: shots. Kilvara falls to the ground on his back.
dialog: 38
text: The Bank breaks into Chaos. CUSTOMERS dive to the ground. The
text: Guard slowly moves over Kilvara and kicks the sword away. He
text: leans over to take a pulse. Kilvara's eyes open. He grabs the
text: Guard by the throat and lifts him off the ground and he stands.
text: Kilvara pushes him against the wall and stares angrily into his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: (pissed off)
dialog: That hurt.
dialog: In the b.g. we HEAR POLICE SIRENS. Kilvara knows he has little
text: time. He lets go of the Guard, picks up his sword and runs
dialog: from the bank.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANTIQUE STORE - DAY
text: The elevator opens and Macleod steps out carrying a DUFFLE BAG.
text: Rachel is at the counter.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I shouldn't have come back here. It
dialog: was a mistake.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Is it a mistake for someone to go to
dialog: the ones who love them when they're
dialog: in trouble?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Yes -- when their troubles can harm
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Why won't you ever let anyone help
dialog: you?
text: Macleod puts his bag down near the counter. He touches
text: Rachel's face lightly.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Because no one can.
text: We HEAR the BELLS on the front door as someone opens it.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Hello, Nash.
dialog: 39
text: Macleod turns around. Bedsoe is standing at the door with TWO
speaker_heading: DETECTIVES.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Detective Bedsoe.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (correcting him)
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Congratulations.
text: Bedsoe walks towards him. Rachel pushes the duffel bag behind
text: the counter with her foot, hiding it from Bedsoe's view.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Guess what we found this morning?
text: Macleod shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (continuing)
text: A body -- with it's head cut off.
dialog: Sound familiar?
text: Macleod doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: When did you get back?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: A few days ago.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: That's what I figured. Well, I have
dialog: a little home coming present for you.
text: Bedsoe pulls out his HANDCUFFS and dangles them before Macleod.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I've been waiting seven years for
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM, POLICE STATION - DAY
text: Macleod and Bedsoe sit on opposite side of a table.
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Where were you last night around
dialog: nine?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I already told you. I took a walk.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Tell me again. Where'd you go?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Central Park.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Doesn't it scare you walk through the
dialog: park at night?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: No. I don't scare easy.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Where have you been for the last
dialog: seven years?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Around.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: And Brenda?
text: A sadness falls across Macleod's face. Bedsoe has seen that
dialog: look before -- he knows what it means.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: How?
dialog: Macleod doesn't answer the question. His personal life is not
dialog: open for discusion.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: She was a good woman.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: You didn't bring me here to talk
dialog: about her.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: No.
text: Bedsoe picks up an 8x10 PHOTOGRAPH of the HEADLESS CORPSE in
dialog: the meat packing warehouse.
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I brought you here to talk about him.
dialog: Do you know him?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
text: He doesn't look familiar -- but then
dialog: he'd probably be easier to identity
dialog: with his head.
text: Macleod and Bedsoe lock eyes. A beat. There is a KNOCK on the
text: two-way mirror. Bedsoe gets up and leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - DAY
text: Bedsoe walks over to CAPTAIN NEWSOME. We can Macleod through
dialog: the mirror.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: I'm in the middle of an
dialog: interrogation, Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Interrogation's over, Bedsoe.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Cut him loose. The D.A. says you
dialog: ain't got shit on this guy.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: You don't understand. About seven
dialog: years ago we found the body of a guy
dialog: named Vasilnic in Jersey. A week
text: later in the parking lot of Madison
dialog: Square Garden we found Iman Fasil.
dialog: Three days after that Luman Castageer
dialog: was found in an alley. The fourth
dialog: body we've never been able to
dialog: identify. All four men died from
dialog: decapitation. Nash was our primary
dialog: suspect -- but he disappeared.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: It's circumstantial.
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: For Chrissake! Gimme a break. The
dialog: guy disappears for seven years and as
text: soon as he comes back it starts
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I see your point, Bedsoe, but I have
dialog: to look at this from the law's point
dialog: of view. There's something missing
dialog: here. It's something I'm sure you've
dialog: come across many times in your
dialog: career. It's called evidence.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Get me a murder weapon with his
dialog: fingerprints on it. Find me an eye
dialog: witness. Dig up a motive. Until
dialog: then we don't have a case against
dialog: him.
text: The Captain walks away. Bedsoe is furious. He looks at
text: Macleod who is staring at him through the mirror as if he knows
dialog: exactly what is going on.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM - DAY
text: Macleod walks towards the exit with Bedsoe.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: This isn't over Nash. It's just
dialog: beginning.
text: Jennifer is sitting on a chair. She gets up and walks over to
dialog: Bedsoe.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Lieutenant Bedsoe?
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Not now. I'm busy.
text: Macleod's attention is focused on Jennifer. It's as if he
dialog: knows her but can't quite place her.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (to Macleod)
dialog: I'm gonna nail you, Nash. That's a
dialog: promise.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Is that it?
text: Bedsoe steps in. His face is inches from Macleod's.
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: No. I'm telling you right now, the
text: next person's head that comes off is
dialog: gonna be yours.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Lieutenant, you're really frightening
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (controlled anger)
dialog: Get outta here.
text: Macleod walks out the door. He stops and looks back at
text: Jennifer again, then leaves. Bedsoe NODS to a DETECTIVE who
text: starts to walk after him. Macleod appears in the doorway again
text: with a grin. The Detective stops and tries to act nonchalant.
text: Macleod leans towards him.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (to Detective)
dialog: I'm going to Jimmy's Bar on West
dialog: sixty seventh for drink. See you
dialog: there.
text: Macleod grins at Bedsoe, then leaves. Bedsoe stares after him
text: hatefully. Jennifer approaches him again.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: What? Who are you? What do you
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: My name is Jennifer Hillman. I'm an
dialog: archaeologist. I read in the paper
dialog: about the murder yesterday and I
dialog: thought I should come talk to you.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Talk to me about what?
text: Jennifer opens an ENVELOPE and removes a PHOTO of the corpse of
dialog: Horseman #1 at the Scotland site.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: About this.
text: Bedsoe looks at the PHOTO, then back at Jennifer. He ushers
text: into his office and closes the door. Through the GLASS PARTION
dialog: we see them talking.
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: Bedsoe is there with Jennifer. A the headless CORPSE of
text: Horseman #2 is laying on one of the steel tables. The MEDICAL
text: EXAMINER, a short, fat man in his forties is eating a donut.
speaker_heading: MEDICAL EXAMINER
dialog: Well, it wasn't easy but I finally
dialog: determined the cause of death.
text: Bedsoe doesn't find any humor is this. Jennifer goes over to
text: the counter and looks through the personal affects.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: MEDICAL EXAMINER
dialog: Nothing. Besides not having a head
text: he's in perfect health. No cavities.
dialog: No broken bones. Have you found out
dialog: who he is?
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: He's nobody. The police, the F.B.I,
dialog: Interpol -- nobody has record of this
dialog: guy. It's like he was never born.
text: Jennifer is examining the Horseman's jacket.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: That's exactly what Scotland Yard
dialog: said about the person we found at the
dialog: site.
text: Bedsoe walks over to Jennifer.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: They appear to be authentic.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Why are people walking around New
text: York with swords, dressed in mid evil
dialog: clothing?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Well, technically it's not mid evil -
dialog: - it's Renaissance.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Whatever -- it's old clothing, right?
dialog: This is some weird shit.
text: Detective Greley enters.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: Hey Lieutenant, the boys in robbery
dialog: have something I think you should
dialog: look at.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: A tape from the surveillance camera
dialog: at the First National Bank. It was
dialog: robbed this morning.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Really? I want to make sure that I
dialog: understand what you're telling me,
dialog: Greley. A crime was committed in New
dialog: York City? That is news.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: The guy had a sword and was dressed
dialog: like this guy.
text: Bedsoe's interest is peaked. He looks at Jennifer.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: That's not all, Lieutenant. Wait
dialog: until you see the tape. It's
dialog: unbelievable.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (to Jennifer)
dialog: I'd like you to see this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM, POLICE STATION - AFTERNOON
text: CLOSE ON TELEVISION SCREEN. We see Kilvara walking towards the
text: GUARD with his sword. The GUARD fires at him. Kilvara moves
text: towards him again. The Guard FIRES again. Kilvara falls to
dialog: the ground.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to show Bedsoe, Jennifer, Greley and
text: several other Detectives looking at the tape.
speaker_heading: ROBBERY DETECTIVE
dialog: Watch this part.
dialog: 46
text: On the Television we see Kilvara reach up and grab the Guard,
text: then stand up unharmed. Bedsoe cannot believe what he has
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: What the hell. What is this? A
dialog: joke?
speaker_heading: ROBBERY DETECTIVE
dialog: No joke, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Where's the guy we saw in the
dialog: beginning -- what's his name...?
speaker_heading: ROBBERY DETECTIVE
dialog: Parker. We found him knocked out in
dialog: the can.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: If he was knocked out in the can how
dialog: could be walking across the lobby?
text: The robbery detective shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: ROBBERY DETECTIVE
dialog: Hey, I don't have answers for this.
dialog: I just brought you down here because
dialog: of the sword.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Am I supposed to believe that this
dialog: guy got shot in the chest six times
dialog: at point blank range and just got up
dialog: and walked out?
speaker_heading: ROBBERY DETECTIVE
dialog: You can believe what you want. You
dialog: saw the tape.
text: Bedsoe walks out of the room. Jennifer follows.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Jennifer catches up to Bedsoe.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: You didn't see this. Understand?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 47
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That guy you were talking to upstairs
dialog: -- Nash. You think he knows what's
dialog: going on?
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Let me worry about Nash.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: Macleod walks along a gravel path. He stops and looks behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD'S POV
text: Of the Detective trying his best not to be seen.
text: Macleod continues to walk. He stops at a large POND. CHILDERN
text: play, sailing miniature SAILING SHIPS. Macleod stares at the
dialog: ships -- his mind drifts.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MINITURE SAILING SHIP
text: It moves over the choppy water, bobbing up and down behind the
text: waves. It disappears behind a wall of water -- when it
dialog: reappears...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAILING SHIP - DAY
text: A real Eighteenth century sailing ship, churning the rough
dialog: water of the Atlantic.
text: Macleod stands on the deck, staring out at the horizon. A spray
text: of water shoots over the side drenching him. He closes his
text: eyes and grins.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: You're going to fall over you damn
dialog: fool.
text: Macleod turns around to find a rather pale Cavanaugh standing
dialog: behind him.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Thomas. What are you doing here?
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: You didn't think I'd let you go off
dialog: by yourself, did you?
text: Macleod embraces him.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: You're looking a wee bit green,
dialog: Thomas.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: The sea and I don't agree with each
dialog: other. Where we off to?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: France.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: (suddenly feeling
dialog: sicker)
dialog: How long is the voyage?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Not long. We should arrive in the
dialog: morning.
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Are you going to be alright?
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Me? Of course.
text: The ship rolls up over a wave. Cavanaugh's face cringes.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Oh, Lord have mercy.
text: Cavanaugh bends over the rail dropping out of FRAME. Macleod
text: grins as he watches him. Slowly his grins fades -- the sight
text: of Cavanaugh's illness affects him. Macleod holds his stomach,
text: his cheeks bulge.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Oh no.
text: Macleod bends over the rail and out of FRAME.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARIS - DAY
text: A Horse-drawn COACH arrives. TRAVELERS disembark. Among them
text: is Macleod and Cavanaugh. A small, street-wise man named
text: GASTON approaches them.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: GASTON
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Excuse me gentlemen. My name is
dialog: Gaston.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: (to Macleod)
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I have no idea.
speaker_heading: GASTON
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Ah, you are English. I speak
dialog: English. My name is Gaston. For a
dialog: small fee I would gladly be your
dialog: guide.
text: Macleod and Cavanaugh look at each and decide why not.
text: Cavanaugh tosses up and coin which Gaston eagerly grabs.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: We need food and lodging.
speaker_heading: GASTON
dialog: Not to worry, Monsieur. My Uncle
dialog: owns a very reputable inn.
text: Gaston takes Cavanaugh's bag and carries it. He attempts to
dialog: take Macleod's, but Macleod will not let go of it.
speaker_heading: GASTON
dialog: How was journey?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Great. I'd recommend it for anyone
dialog: who wants to lose weight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDSOE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bedsoe is watching the TAPE of the bank robbery on a small
text: television. Detective Greley enters holding a PHOTOGRAPH of
dialog: Kilvara.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: Here it is, Lieutenant. We blew it
dialog: up off the tape. Every cop in the
dialog: city has a copy of it.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Good -- also, give it to the papers
dialog: and TV.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: Y'know, the guys in robbery are gonna
dialog: get kind of upset. We're stepping on
dialog: their toes of this one.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Tough.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: It's not a homicide, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: This ties in with Nash.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: We don't have any proof of that.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: I don't need proof. I know it. Send
dialog: it out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK LIBRARY - AFTERNOON
text: Jennifer sits at one of the microfilm machine scanning over old
text: newspaper articles. She stops at one that reads: ANTIQUE
text: DEALER ARRESTED IN CONNECTION WITH HEADLESS CORPSE.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, LIBRARY - AFTERNOON
text: Jennifer looks through the WHITE PAGES.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: Russell Nash Antiques. Hudson
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NASH ANTIQUES - DUSK
text: Macleod walks towards the entrance of the shop. As he reaches
text: the door Jennifer steps out of the shadows.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Mr. Nash?
dialog: 51
text: Macleod turns towards her. His face betrays nothing.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: My name is Jennifer Hillman. I was
dialog: at the police station earlier today--
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I remember you.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I was wondering if I could talk to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Are you a cop?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No. I'm an archaeologist.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: To talk to you.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I don't think we have anything to
dialog: talk about, Miss Hillman.
text: Macleod enters the store. Jennifer follows after him
dialog: determined.
scene_heading: INT. ANTIQUE STORE - DUSK
text: Macleod walks across the room. Jennifer enters.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (yelling after him)
dialog: Not even headless corpses wearing
dialog: seventeenth century clothing?
text: Macleod turns around slowly.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Corpses?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Yes. We found another man outside a
dialog: site we were working at in Scotland.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: In the highlands?
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Yes. How did you know?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: A lucky guess.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I don't think so -- but then, maybe
dialog: you've can guess how a guy with a
dialog: sword could rob the First national
dialog: Bank this afternoon -- and get shot
text: six times in the chest by the guard
dialog: and still get up and walk out?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
text: He was wearing a bullet proof vest.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Bullet proof vests don't bleed.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (shrugs his shoulder)
dialog: You got me.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Why do I feel that you know what's
dialog: going on?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Are you the type of person who takes
dialog: advice, Miss Hillman?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: If it's good advice.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: This is. Go home. Stay out of this.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Why? What's going on?
text: Macleod shows a hint of frustration that she isn't going to
text: take his advice. Macleod starts to walks away. Jennifer grabs
text: his arm. Macleod turns around and pulls her hand away.
text: Suddenly his expression changes as he stares at her hand.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD'S POV
text: On her finger is a distinctive RING. It is very old intricate
text: gold patterns carved in gold and set in ivory.
text: Macleod is shocked. He slowly raises her hand up before his
text: face and looks her in the eyes.
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Where did you get this ring?
text: Jennifer is more than a little frightened by Macleod intensity.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Where did you get it?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: It's mine. It's been in my family
dialog: for years. It belonged to my great,
dialog: great, great grandmother.
text: Macleod stares at the ring again -- his mind drifts away for a
text: moment, then he looks at Jennifer.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Goodnight, Miss Hillman.
text: Macleod walks towards the elevator. A beat. Jennifer gathers
text: her composure -- in spite of his intensity there is something
dialog: that interests her about Macleod. Macleod steps in the
text: elevator and looks back at her. He says nothing. The elevator
text: doors close. Jennifer stares after him, intrigued.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: As Macleod walks down the hall Rachel opens her bedroom door.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I heard voices downstairs. Is
dialog: everything alright?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What will you do?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: There's nothing I can do. I'll wait.
dialog: One way or another soon it will all
dialog: be over soon.
text: Macleod feigns a grin for Rachel's sake. He leans in a kisses
text: her on the forehead, then continues down the hall.
dialog: 54
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: Exactly as we remember it from Highlander one. Macleod sits on
text: the couch, next to the aquarium. His eyes drift up a stone
text: wall at the back of the room.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: of Macleod eyes drifting up the wall. PULL BACK TO REVEAL we
dialog: are now at...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
dialog: Eighteenth century France.
text: An elegant room. Aristocrats, dressed in lavish clothing
text: mingle and dance. Macleod and Cavanaugh stand off to the side.
text: They are well dressed with white, powered wigs. Cavanaugh is
text: clearly uncomfortable with his dress and surroundings.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: What are we doing here?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Living. Remember?
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: (tugs at his
dialog: clothing)
dialog: You may be living -- but this suit is
dialog: killing me.
text: Something catches Macleod's eye.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD'S POV
text: Across the room, standing with a group of pompous-looking MEN
text: is ISABELLE TOUREZ a beautiful woman in her early twenties.
text: She looks remarkably like Jennifer. Her gaze falls on Macleod,
text: she smiles shyly.
text: Cavanaugh follows Macleod's stare. He knows when trouble is
dialog: coming -- and this is it.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: She's beautiful.
text: Macleod starts to walk over to her.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Where are you going?
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: To ask her to dance.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: She's the King's cousin.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Then she should be an excellent
dialog: dancer.
text: Macleod walks across the room, his eyes on Isabelle. She steps
text: forward as he approaches, leaving the group of MEN behind her.
text: Macleod smiles and bows, then offers her his hand. She takes
text: it and they walk out onto the dance floor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Macleod and Isabelle lay on a blanket in a green meadow.
text: Macleod seems preoccupied.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: Conner?
text: Macleod looks at her and smiles.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Aye?
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: Where do you go when your mind
dialog: drifts?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Different places.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: The past?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Sometimes.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: Why is it you never talk to me about
dialog: Scotland -- your life there.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Because it's the past -- and things
dialog: that are in the past are best left
dialog: there.
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: And will I be part of your past or
dialog: your future?
text: Macleod does not answer. He looks away sadly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Macleod enters. He is happy, playful. He sees Cavanaugh
text: sitting near the window. He appears distracted. Macleod
dialog: notices his behavior.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Something wrong?
text: Cavanaugh turns towards him slowly.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: What worries you?
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: You.
dialog: Macleod knows where this conversation is going.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: You've been seeing her for over a
dialog: month now. Have you learned nothing
dialog: from the past?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I've learned that a man can only go
dialog: so along living alone.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: So, you do this for yourself? What
dialog: about her?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You cannot not have a relationship,
dialog: Macleod. You've told me of your
dialog: wife, Heather, and how you loved her.
dialog: Romeriz warned you then, but you
dialog: would not listen. You watched her
dialog: grow old and die -- and there was
dialog: nothing you could do.
text: A sadness falls over Macleod as he remembers. Cavanaugh walks
text: over to him and puts his arm on his shoulder.
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That was two hundred and fifty years
dialog: ago -- and the pain still scars your
dialog: heart. Would you live that pain
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: No. What am I to do?
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: The only thing you can do. You must
dialog: end it.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Macleod stands in a courtyard with Cavanaugh and Gaston.
text: Macleod looks up the stone wall to a balcony. Cavanaugh and
text: Gaston do not appear pleased to be there. Macleod looks at
text: Cavanaugh who nods to him reassuringly. Gaston looks around
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: GASTON
dialog: This is a most dangerous undertaking.
dialog: These are part of the royal
dialog: apartments.
text: Macleod begins to climb, grabbing onto rocks and sliding his
text: feet into the cervices. He reaches the balcony and climbs
dialog: over.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Large and beautifully furnished. A fire glows at the far side
text: of the room. Isabelle sits before a dressing table and mirror,
text: combing her hair. She is a beautiful woman in her late
text: twenties. In the mirror she sees Macleod as he enters the room
dialog: from the balcony.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: Conner.
text: She smiles, then runs into his arms.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Hello, blossom.
text: She kisses him, then takes his hand starts to lead him into the
dialog: room.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I cannot stay.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I'm leaving in the morning.
text: Isabelle is shocked.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: Leaving? For how long?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: You'll no see me again.
text: Isabelle's hurt and disappointment shows on her face.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I cannot explain.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: Do you love me, Conner?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: Then take me with you.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Where I'm going you cannot follow.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: (on the verge of
dialog: tears)
dialog: Why are you doing this?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Because, it's for the best. There
dialog: are somethings that are better left
dialog: unexplained.
text: Macleod takes a ring off his finger. IT IS THE SAME RING
text: JENNIFER WAS WEARING. He gently slips on Isabelle's finger.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Take this -- and whenever you look at
dialog: it, remember that it came from one
dialog: who loved you.
dialog: 59
text: He kisses her forehead gently then starts to leave.
speaker_heading: ISABELLE
dialog: I wanted to grow old with you -- to
dialog: have your children.
text: Macleod turns back to her and smiles sadly.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (very sad)
dialog: I know, but that can never be, and
dialog: that's the sorrow if it.
text: He steps out onto the balcony and climbs over the railing.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Macleod drops to the ground. Cavanaugh and Gaston are still
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: It's done.
text: They start to leave. TWO of the KING'S GUARDS approach them.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: What is your business here?
speaker_heading: GASTON
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Just taking in some night air,
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (irritated;
dialog: correcting him)
dialog: Corporal. This is the King's cousins
dialog: apartment. Come with us.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: We've done nothing wrong.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: That's what we'll decide.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I think not.
text: Macleod and Cavanaugh start to leave. The GUARDS draw their
text: swords. Macleod and Cavanaugh turn and draw their swords.
text: Gaston is nervous. He reaches under his jacket.
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: GASTON
dialog: We have permission. I'll show you.
text: Before he take out whatever he is reaching for one the GUARDS
text: thrusts his sword at Gaston. In a flash, Macleod Samurai is
text: out and blocks the blade, stopping it inches before Gaston's
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (to Gaston)
dialog: Go.
text: Gaston has mixed feelings about leaving his friends.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I said, go!
text: Gaston leaves. A fight begins. The Guards are not match for
text: the two immortals. Cavanaugh quickly stabs one of the Guards
text: in the arm. He drops his sword and falls to the ground.
text: Macleod battles with the other Guard. He backs him up to the
text: wall, knocks his sword away and hold the tip of his Samurai at
text: his throat. A beat. Anger fills Macleod's face as he decides
dialog: what to do.
text: In the b.g. we HEAR the SOUND of FOOTSTEPS. Macleod turns
text: around to find that he and Cavanaugh are surrounded by TEN MORE
text: GUARDS. Macleod looks to Cavanaugh, who shakes his head, No.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CELL - AFTERNOON
text: Dark, damp and dirty. The floors a strewn with hay and
text: garbage. Macleod and Cavanaugh sits on the stone floor, their
text: backs to the wall. The wounded Guard approaches the bars.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Sentence has been passed on you.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: There is only for attacking the
dialog: King's guards. Death. You will both
dialog: be executed immediately. Which one
dialog: of you shall go first?
text: Macleod and Cavanaugh both stand.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: I'll go first.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: No -- I will.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: I stood up first.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: That doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: You always get to go first.
text: The guard is irritated by their cavalier attitude.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You will both go.
dialog: (to Cavanaugh)
dialog: You will go first.
dialog: (to Macleod)
dialog: And you will watch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - AFTERNOON
text: Macleod and Cavanaugh are lead into the courtyard. Their hands
text: are tied behind their backs. They are stopped before a tall,
dialog: mechanical device.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: It's a guillotine.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: What does it do?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: It cuts your head off.
text: Macleod and Cavanaugh exchange glances. This isn't good.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (to Cavanaugh)
dialog: You can go first.
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: No -- after you.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: (to the guard)
dialog: Don't you have anything else? Can't
dialog: you hang us -- or shoot us?
speaker_heading: CAVANAUGH
dialog: Shooting's good. I would much rather
dialog: be shot. This has to be awfully
dialog: messy.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: Cavanaugh)
dialog: Take him.
text: Macleod and Cavanaugh begins to struggle, but it no use. Their
text: hands are tied and there are far too many guards. Macleod is
text: held back as Cavanaugh is forcefully placed under the blade. A
text: beat. The BLADE FALLS.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: No!
text: Cavanaugh's head falls into a basket. The guards laugh and
text: smile among themselves. Macleod turns his attention to the
text: guards -- his eyes are ice cold. He waits.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (pointing to Macleod)
dialog: Bring him.
dialog: Before the guards can begin to move Macleod we HEAR a CRACKLING
text: SOUND. Suddenly, Cavanaugh's body begins to hover above the
text: ground, streaks of green light flowing out of it. Several of
text: the guards cross themselves -- then Cavanaugh's energy is blown
dialog: into Macleod.
text: Macleod screams -- he effortlessly breaks his ropes. He looks
text: at the headless body with sadness, then jumps on a cart and
text: climbs over the walls.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Sadness shows on Macleod's face as his mind slowly drifts from
text: the past back into the present. He holds Jennifer's BUSINESS
text: CARD in his hand, flicking it with his finger.
text: Macleod walks over to the window and looks out.
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: MACLEOD'S POV
text: An unmarked POLICE CAR is down the street. Greley is inside it
dialog: watching the shop.
text: Macleod thinks for a moment. He walks to a bookcase -- pulls
text: out a book and presses a button. A section of the bookcase
text: OPENS and leads to a staircase.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY, REAR OF SHOP - NIGHT
text: Macleod exits through a door into the alley. We walks off into
dialog: the night.
text: Jennifer steps out of a doorway down the alley and starts to
dialog: follow Macleod.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Macleod walks along rows of BROWNSTONES. In the b.g. Jennifer
text: steps around the corner, keeping her distance from Macleod.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - FURTHER - NIGHT
text: Macleod walks -- thinks. Suddenly he stops -- filled with a
text: premonition. He looks up and down the street.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD'S POV
text: The streets are empty.
text: Macleod reaches under his raincoat for the handle of his sword
text: and starts walking. As he reaches the corner we HEAR
text: FOOTSTEPS. Macleod stops -- waits.
text: A UNIFORMED POLICE OFFICER turns the corner and walks towards
text: him. Macleod takes his hand out from his coat and walks past
text: him. The instant the COP passes Macleod he turns and removes
text: a SWORD from under his jacket.
text: Jennifer watches helplessly.
text: The cop smiles as he raises the sword over his head. It
text: GLIIMERS as the light from the STREET LIGHT reflects off it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Look out!
dialog: 64
text: Macleod is walking away. He hears her SCREAM and turns around
text: just as the sword comes streaking at his head. Macleod side-
text: steps the attack, the blade slices across his forearm, a stripe
text: of BLOOD appears on his arm. Macleod quickly removes his
text: Samurai from under his jacket.
text: The cop studies him for a moment then begins to LAUGH. A
text: transformation begins and he turns into Kilvara.
text: Jennifer's face is filled with disbelief from the sight she has
dialog: just witnessed.
text: Kilvara smiles at Macleod, his eyes alive with hatred.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Highlander -- I had hoped it would be
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (confused)
dialog: This cannot be.
text: Kilvara says nothing. He lunges at Macleod. Their swords
text: cross - sparks fly -- as the battle each other along the
text: street. Their sword cross and lock -- they grab each other
text: hands -- their faces inches from each other.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: I am stronger than you, Highlander.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: That's what the Kurgan said.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: The Kurgan was a pussy.
text: Kilvara knees Macleod in the groin. Macleod doubles over, then
text: pushes forward, ramming his head in Kilvara's stomach --
text: pushing him backwards and slamming his back into a wall.
text: LIGHTS begins to come on in the windows of the apartments.
text: Macleod runs off. Kilvara follows. Macleod runs around the
dialog: corner.
text: Jennifer does not move. She is trying to digest what she has
text: seen. A beat, then she runs after them.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - AROUND THE CORNER - NIGHT
text: As Kilvara rounds the corner he sees Macleod waiting for him,
text: his sword at his side. Kilvara runs towards him, begins to
text: raise his sword then stops.
dialog: 65
text: We see why. Behind Macleod is a CHURCH. Kilvara lowers his
text: sword and looks at Macleod hatefully.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Why prolong the inevitable?
text: Macleod doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Fine -- I've waited over three
dialog: centuries. I can wait a little
dialog: longer.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Why did you wait?
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: It was not by choice. A small matter
dialog: of a mountain falling down on us. We
dialog: were trapped inside.
dialog: (serious)
dialog: When the time of the Gathering came
dialog: the urge to go was so strong we tried
dialog: to claw through rock with our bare
dialog: hands. What you thought was the end
dialog: -- was not. This is the end. We are
dialog: the last of our kind, Macleod.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: It will not end tonight.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: You cannot hide from me. You will
dialog: not stand between me and my destiny.
dialog: After I have your head the power will
dialog: let me hold any form as long as I
dialog: want. Do you know what that means?
dialog: I can become the President -- I can
dialog: become anyone I want. The world will
dialog: be mine.
text: Kilvara starts to leave. He stops and turns back towards
text: Macleod with a grin. In the b.g. we see Jennifer crossing the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Remember, Macleod -- the next time
dialog: you see me -- you won't see me.
text: He LAUGHS as he walks off into the night. Macleod stares after
text: him. Jennifer crosses the street and joins him.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I don't believe what I just saw.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: That's probably the smartest thing.
text: Macleod starts to walk away. Jennifer notices the BLOOD on his
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You're hurt.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I'll be fine.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What's going on? Why did he call you
dialog: Macleod?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Because it's my name.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Then who's Russell Nash?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I don't know anymore.
text: Macleod walks off leaving her behind.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MACLEOD'S PRIVATE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Macleod sits on the couch, his mind deep in thought. The room
text: is filled with antiques, momentos compiled over several
text: lifetimes. Rachel enters and sits beside him.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I could have ended it tonight, but I
dialog: didn't.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I don't know. He is the stronger
dialog: one. He has a power--
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You also have a power, Conner. It is
dialog: why you have survived.
text: Macleod looks at her, his eyes prompting her for the answer.
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Heart.
text: Macleod feigns a weak smile.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Do not underestimate the power of
dialog: your heart. Your dreams live there.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: My dreams died long ago.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Did they? You are only a man,
dialog: different than most -- but still a
dialog: man. You feel the same -- want the
dialog: same. You want to live.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I haven't lived life -- I've hidden
dialog: from it. I've existed in the
dialog: shadows.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: And now it's time to come out of the
dialog: shadows.
text: Macleod looks at her fondly. He cups his hand to her face.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Dear, sweet, Rachel. Men's lifes are
dialog: measured by the good they do.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: If you search your heart you know all
dialog: the good you have done. Your
dialog: strength comes from your heart --
dialog: because in your heart you know what
dialog: you are fighting for is good and
dialog: just.
dialog: (points around the
dialog: room)
text: This room is filled with memories.
dialog: If you search through them you can
dialog: find the good -- the difference you
dialog: have made. And now, it is for you to
dialog: make the greatest difference of all.
dialog: Look in your heart, Conner -- and you
dialog: will see the good that you have done.
text: She looks at him warmly. Macleod kisses her on the forehead.
text: She leaves the room. A beat. Macleod walks over to a table
text: filled with various objects. One catches his eye. He picks up
text: an old WALKING STICK. Macleod closes his eyes -- his mind
text: drifts back.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, LONDON - NIGHT
dialog: Nineteenth century England.
text: The East end. The waterfront, cobblestone streets, gas lamps.
text: A thick fog hangs in the air. Piano MUSIC drifts out of one of
text: the pubs. CROWDS of people hurry along the street.
text: Among them is Macleod. He is dressed in a suit like an English
text: Gentleman and carries the ivory-handled WALKING STICK. He
text: walks slowly, through the crowd, seemingly oblivious to the
text: people around him. He comes to the mouth of an alley and
text: stops, thinks, then enters.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Wooden crates and stacks of garbage fill the alley. Macleod
text: continues. In the b.g. we HEAR the SOUNDS of a struggle.
scene_heading: +FURTHER DOWN THE ALLEY
text: A middle-aged man, also dressed like an English Gentleman is
text: struggling with a PROSTITUTE. He grabs her roughly and pins
text: her against the wall. From inside his overcoat he slowly
text: removes a long sword. He holds the tip of the blade up before
dialog: her eyes.
speaker_heading: PROSTITUTE
dialog: Please, sir -- you're frightening me.
dialog: This seems to please the man.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Good.
text: He smiles -- then just as quickly his smile fades. He appears
text: to sense something. He turns around to see...
speaker_heading: MAN'S POV
text: Nothing -- just FOG -- then Macleod appears. He stares at the
dialog: man.
text: The Man stares at Macleod then smiles -- a wild, crazy smile.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (English accent)
dialog: Conner -- what an unexpected
dialog: surprise.
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Let her go.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I'm afraid I can't do that. Just let
dialog: me kill her and then we can attend to
dialog: our business.
text: Macleod takes a few steps closer. He is now almost is striking
text: range. He slowly slides his Samurai out of the walking stick.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: When you make your thrust at her I'll
dialog: take your head. It's her or me.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh dear me -- I do so hate decisions.
text: The man realizes that Macleod is right. He reluctantly lets
text: her go. The prostitute runs from the alley. A beat. The two
text: men stare at each other -- then the Man lunges at Macleod,
text: swinging his sword furiously. Sparks fly as sword cross.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Th Prostitute runs to the corner where she finds a CONSTABLE.
text: She hysterical gestures towards the alley. The Constable
dialog: follows her.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: The Constable moves down the alley with the prostitute, each of
text: them carefully making their way through the fog. As they reach
text: the end of the alley the fog lifts.
text: On the ground his the man -- his head severed from his body.
text: The prostitute looks away -- the constable stares at the
text: gruesome sight, his eyes filled with horror.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE
dialog: Dear mother of God.
text: In the b.g. Macleod steps out from behind a stack of crates.
text: He walks towards the street, disappearing in the fog.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: As Macleod emerges onto the street we HEAR the SOUND of the
text: constables POLICE WHISTLE. As PEOPLE wander towards the alley
text: to fill their curiosity, Macleod calmly walks across the
dialog: street.
dialog: 70
text: An OLD MAN sits behind a wooden crate selling NEWSPAPERS. A
text: piece of paper is tacked to the crate displaying the days
dialog: headline: WHEN WILL THE RIPPER BE CAPTURED?
text: Macleod looks at the headlines, the slowly turns and looks back
dialog: at the alley.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Goodbye -- Jack.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDSOE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bedsoe is looking over some papers as he eats a pastry.
text: Detective Greley enters.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Anything from the bank?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: We sent the prints we lifted from the
dialog: counter at the bank to the State
dialog: computers, the FBI and interpol.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: He had to come from somewhere.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: I think it was England.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Why?
text: Greley looks at a printout.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: I asked the State Department to check
dialog: with our Embassies and Interpol to
dialog: see if there were any similar
dialog: occurrences like the bank. Two weeks
dialog: ago in London Charles Redder from the
dialog: Bronx was mugged in Hyde Park.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: So?
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: So -- the only thing that was taken
dialog: was his passport. I checked with
dialog: immigration -- he returned to New
dialog: York ten days ago -- but our embassy
dialog: in London says he is still there.
text: Bedsoe thinks for a moment. He looks up at Greley with a
dialog: puzzled expression.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Old and cluttered with books and artifacts. Jennifer sits at a
dialog: table examining some articles from the Scotland site. She
text: appears distant, her thoughts distracted. Professor Dajorski
text: walks over to her and places a large BOOK on the table.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: I was going through some of my
dialog: mythology books last night. I think
dialog: you'd get a kick out of this.
text: She opens the book to where it is marked and begins to read.
text: What ever she is reading catches her interest. She looks up at
dialog: Dajorski amazed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANTIQUE SHOP - AFTERNOON
text: Macleod is with an ELDERLY WOMAN, showing her silver serving
text: trays. The woman can't decide on what to buy. She thanks
text: Macleod and leaves. As she walks through the door Jennifer
text: enters. Macleod is both happy and annoyed with her arrival.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: You are a very persistent woman, Miss
dialog: Hillman.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Jennifer.
text: Macleod stares at her. It unnerves her.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Why do you stare at me like that?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: You remind me of someone I used to
dialog: know.
dialog: 72
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Same story -- same questions.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I don't have any answers for you.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Who was that man last night?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Then how did he know your name?
text: Macleod shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Do you always walk around with a
dialog: sword?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: New York is dangerous place.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You talk to me -- but you don't
dialog: answer my questions. I guess I'll
dialog: have to talk to Lieutenant Bedsoe.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: It probably wouldn't interest you.
dialog: It's something I read in a mythology
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I'm interested in mythology.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Have you ever heard of the Calan?
text: Macleod expression shows that he has. He stares at Jennifer
dialog: for a moment.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You look like you have.
dialog: 73
text: Macleod smiles, his eyes pierce into hers.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Do you like Italian food?
text: The change in conversation confuses her for a moment.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Meet me Tratino's at nine.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I told you I'm interested in
dialog: mythology. We can talk about it
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Kilvara walks down the street, still wearing his black robe.
text: Even in New York City his appearance draws attention. He walks
text: past a NEWSSTAND.
speaker_heading: KILVARA'S POV
text: On the cover of one of the TABLOIDS is a photograph of him.
text: Kilvara looks up and notices the OWNER of the stand looking at
text: him. Kilvara's eyes narrow and stare deeply into the man's. A
text: beat. Kilvara walks away. As he does the Man looks at the
dialog: tabloid.
scene_heading: INT. CLOTHING STORE - DAY
text: Kilvara enters and walks up the counter. The SALESPERSON, a
text: middle-aged man stares at him with disapproval.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: I would like to purchase a new
dialog: jacket.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWSSTAND - DAY
text: The Man is holding the tabloid as he talks with TWO UNIFORMED
text: POLICE OFFICERS and points down the street.
dialog: 74
scene_heading: INT. CLOTHING SHOP - DAY
text: The Salesman holds up an expensive trench coat. Kilvara
dialog: studies it.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
text: It looks a bit small.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
text: The tapered look is in.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: I need a lot of room. Sometimes I
dialog: carry things under my coat.
text: The Salesman looks behind Kilvara -- something has caught his
text: attention. Kilvara turns around following his stare.
speaker_heading: KILVARA'S POV
text: of the POLICE OFFICERS crossing the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: The two cops move towards the store.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Maybe we should wait for backup.
speaker_heading: COP #2
dialog: This could be a big collar. Why let
dialog: the boys form robbery grab it?
scene_heading: INT. CLOTHING STORE - DAY
text: Kilvara starts to walk to the door when the two cops enter,
dialog: their guns drawn.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Freeze!
text: Kilvara looks at them and grins.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Freeze. A popular expression.
text: In a flash Kilvara's grin fades. His sword streaks out from
text: under his jacket and slices through the first cops wrist.
dialog: 75
scene_heading: EXT. CLOTHING STORE - DAY
text: We HEAR several SHOTS being fired. A beat -- then the WINDOW
text: of the store SHATTERS as the second cop comes flying through it
text: -- Kilvara's sword impaled in his chest. The cop crashes to
text: the ground -- dead. Kilvara walks out, retrieves his sword and
dialog: walks off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CLOTHING STORE - LATER - AFTERNOON
text: Bedsoe and Detective Greley watch as the bodies of the two COPS
text: are loaded into the Medical Examiner's wagon. Bedsoe walks
text: over to the Salesman.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: They shot him. I saw it. They shot
dialog: him and he got right back up.
text: Bedsoe pulls out the photograph of Kilvara and shows it to the
dialog: salesman.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Is this the guy?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Yes.
text: Bedsoe looks at the medical examiner's wagon as it drives away.
text: His eyes are filled with anger.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - NIGHT
text: Empty. The LIGHTS from the buildings that surround the park
text: fill the night sky. Kilvara walks into frame. Stops. Looks
dialog: out over the city.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: You cannot hide from me, Macleod.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 76
scene_heading: INT. TRATINO'S RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Dark woods and leather. Soft MUSIC plays in the b.g. Jennifer
text: sits at a table alone, drinking second glass of wine. She
text: checks her watch. From her expression it is obvious that
text: Macleod is late. We see Macleod enter and walk up behind her.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Good evening.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: You're twenty minutes late.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Sorry.
text: Macleod takes off his overcoat and sits beside her. On his arm
text: is a BANDAGE covering the cut on his arm from Kilvara's blade.
text: Macleod glances at her hand, his eyes focused on her ring.
text: Jennifer follows his stare.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Does this ring mean something to you?
text: The WAITER walks over.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (to waiter)
dialog: Glenmorganie -- no ice and...?
text: Jennifer holds up her wine glass.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: The house red.
text: The waiter smiles and walks away.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You didn't answer my question.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I know.
text: There is a moment of silence. Jennifer appears uneasy. She is
dialog: not good at small-talk.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You have an interesting accent.
dialog: Where are you from?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Why?
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I'm just trying to place you.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I've lived all over the world.
text: She's aware that he is being evasive.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You're not an easy person to get to
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Why? Because I don't give up all my
dialog: secrets?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: How come you wanted to meet tonight?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I wanted to get to know you better.
text: His directness make her a little uncomfortable. Macleod
dialog: notices it.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That makes you uncomfortable?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: A little -- yes. My interest in
dialog: coming here is profession.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Yes -- it is.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Alright. In the shop you mentioned
dialog: something about--
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: --the Calan. Do you know who they
dialog: are?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Why don't you tell me.
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: They were called different things by
dialog: different cultures. The Celts called
dialog: them the Sourans. The Druids called
dialog: them the Calans. According to the
dialog: mythology they were spirits, sent to
dialog: earth and reborn -- some good -- some
dialog: evil -- both immortal.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: Immortal?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Yes. They do not age and they cannot
dialog: die -- unless their head is cut from
dialog: their body.
text: Macleod's face betrays nothing.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Then the spirit is released and the
dialog: power is absorbed by the Calan who
text: severs it.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD
dialog: Very interesting. I bet kids love
dialog: you at bedtime.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Maybe you can explain what I saw the
dialog: other night?
text: Macleod ignores her question.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Have you told Lieutenant Bedsoe your
dialog: theory?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Because I don't feel like sitting in
dialog: a rubber room for forty-eight hours.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: You don't really believe this do you?
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (sidesteps the
dialog: question)
dialog: Let me ask you something else. At
dialog: the excavation site in Scotland, the
dialog: tunnel leading into the cavern had
dialog: collapsed. The day we found the body
dialog: someone had moved the rocks, making a
dialog: hole in the collapsed section. What
dialog: bothers me is that we found the rocks
dialog: from the hole on our side of the
dialog: tunnel wall.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Why would someone pull on the rocks
dialog: to get in the cavern? They were
dialog: wedged in tight. They couldn't get a
dialog: grip on them. They would have had
dialog: much more strength pushing on them.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: If they pushed the rocks you would
dialog: have found them on the other side of
dialog: the cavern wall.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Yes -- if they were trying to get in
dialog: -- but what if they weren't? What if
dialog: they were trying to get out?
text: A beat. Macleod isn't sure how much she knows -- but he knows
dialog: she is close.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: That would mean they'd been trapped
dialog: in there--
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: --for three hundred years.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: How could that be? People don't live
dialog: for three hundred years.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Not unless they're immortal.
text: Their eyes lock. Macleod studies her. He knows she knows --
text: or at least suspects. Jennifer smiles warmly, she places her
text: hand on Macleod arm -- then quickly tears the BANDAGE of his
dialog: arm.
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: HER POV - OF MACLEOD'S ARM
text: There is no trace of the cut. No scar -- nothing.
text: Jennifer looks back at Macleod, astonished. Macleod slowly
text: peels her hand off his arm. His eyes stare deeply into hers.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: You're very smart for someone who has
dialog: not even lived a single lifetime.
dialog: Maybe too smart.
text: Macleod gets up and leaves. Jennifer follows.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Macleod walks down the street. Jennifer runs after him. She
text: grabs him by the stop. He stops.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What did you mean a single lifetime?
dialog: Are you saying that it's true?
text: Macleod says nothing. He stares at her for a moment, then
dialog: walks off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: Empty. Macleod walks along the pavement, his mind deep in
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JENNIFER'S APARTMENT, FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: Jennifer opens the door. She is surprised to see Macleod. A
dialog: beat.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: May I come in?
text: Jennifer opens the door wider. Macleod walks inside.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Macleod walks to the middle of the room. He is struggling with
dialog: himself inside himself.
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: You asked me earlier if that ring
dialog: meant something to me -- it does. It
dialog: reminds me of someone I knew a long
dialog: time ago.
text: Jennifer starts to take it off her finger.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Would you like to see it?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I've seen it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: On the back it has--
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: --the crest of a lion and a dragon
dialog: and a single word: Courage.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: How did you know that?
text: Macleod away -- his mind drifts as he speaks.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: It came from your great, great, great
dialog: grandmother, Isabelle Tourez, who
dialog: lived in Paris and died on the
dialog: guillotine in 1789 -- alone -- and
dialog: unmarried. The ring was given to her
dialog: by someone who loved her -- but knew
dialog: that it could never be.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You?
text: Macleod looks at her, his eyes staring deeply into hers.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Now that she has heard what she suspected a look of doubt
text: crosses her face. Macleod notices it.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I was born into the clan Macleod,
dialog: five hundred years ago in Glenfinnan
dialog: -- on the shores of Loch Shiel.
dialog: 82
text: Jennifer stares at him -- there is doubt in her eyes.
dialog: Suspecting and believing are two different things and her
text: expression relays her skepticism. Macleod picks up a DAGGER on
text: the worktable and holds it before his heart.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I've wandered the world ever since
dialog: then. I cannot die.
text: She tries to stop him, but before she can Macleod thrusts the
text: dagger into his chest. His face fills with pain -- he drops to
text: his knees. Jennifer watches in horror. A beat. Macleod looks
text: up at her, then pulls the dagger from his chest. Jennifer is
text: overwhelmed with astonishment. She slowly drops to her knees.
text: They are inches from each other.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: You wanted the truth -- now you have
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: And the other one -- he is like you?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: He is immortal -- yes -- but he is
dialog: not like me. We are the last of our
dialog: kind.
dialog: (he looks at her)
dialog: The last of the Calans. I do not
dialog: know what purpose we were put here
dialog: for. I only know that if he wins the
dialog: world will suffer for it.
text: Macleod starts to stand. Jennifer gently places her hand on
dialog: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Where will you go now?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: It will end tonight.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Must you fight him?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: He will not stop until it is over.
text: Jennifer stares deeply into his eyes. She moves closer and
text: then, gently kisses him. They search each others eyes. She
text: leans in to kiss him again. Macleod pulls away. She starts to
text: say something, he gently puts his finger over her lips and
text: stares at her fondly -- then leaves.
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NASH ANTIQUES - NIGHT
text: Macleod walks down the street towards the shop. Suddenly, from
text: out of a doorway Bedsoe appears.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Good evening, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: No -- it isn't. A cop died today and
dialog: the other is barely holding on. I
dialog: want some answers, Nash.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I'm sorry about that -- but I had
dialog: nothing to do with it.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: That doesn't mean you don't know
dialog: what's going on. You're connected to
dialog: this guy somehow. He's after you --
dialog: just like the others were.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (looks at his watch)
dialog: It's late.
text: Macleod starts to leave. Bedsoe grabs him by the neck and
text: slams him into the wall, then holds his GUN to Macleod's face.
text: A beat. Macleod stares at him calmly.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Seven years ago I interviewed a guy.
dialog: He said he saw two men fighting in an
text: alley with swords. One cut off the
dialog: others head. He shot the surviving
dialog: guy twenty times and he got right
text: back up and stabbed him.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Maybe he was a lousy shot.
text: Bedsoe anger fills Bedsoe's face. He slowly pulls back the
text: HAMMER of his pistol. A beat. He studies Macleod for a
dialog: reaction. There isn't one.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Most people would show some sign of
text: fear with a gun in their face.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Most people are afraid of death.
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Most people can die.
text: A beat. Their eyes are locked on each others, probing,
dialog: studying, evaluating.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: If you really believe that you'll
dialog: pull the trigger.
text: Bedsoe struggles within himself. The gun shakes in his hand.
text: A beat. Slowly he lowers the pistol. Macleod walks inside.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Macleod sits on the couch, staring into the darkness. His mind
text: races, filled with thoughts and decisions. He sharpens the
text: blade of his Samurai. The PHONE RINGS. Macleod answers it.
speaker_heading: KILVARA'S VOICE
dialog: Can you come out and play?
text: Macleod doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: KILVARA'S VOICE
dialog: No? You know, some people think that
dialog: I don't have any good qualities, but
dialog: that isn't true. I saw you tonight
dialog: with your little friend -- I let you
dialog: say goodbye to her. I think of it as
dialog: letting a condemned prisoner have his
dialog: last request. Besides, I have her
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: She isn't part of this.
speaker_heading: KILVARA'S VOICE
dialog: She is now. We're at the museum. I
dialog: figured we'd have more room for our
dialog: business here. If you hurry you
dialog: might get here before I kill her.
text: The line goes dead. Macleod rushes from the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANTIQUE STORE - NIGHT
text: Macleod's PORSCHE races out of the parking lot and down the
dialog: street.
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: +ACROSS THE STREET
text: Bedsoe is in his car. He starts the engine and follows
dialog: Macleod.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: Macleod stops his car in front of the building.
text: Bedsoe stops down the street and watches through the
dialog: windshield.
text: The front door is ajar. Macleod opens it slowly and enters.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM, HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Macleod holds his Samurai at his side as he walks down the
text: corridor. In the b.g we HEAR the SOUNDS of a struggle.
text: Suddenly, Jennifer comes running down the hall towards him.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: He's here!
text: She runs towards him, her face filled with fear.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: He's in there!
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Get out.
text: Macleod starts to walk towards the room. Jennifer walks behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Be careful, Conner.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Conner?
text: A flash of confusion fills Macleod's eyes -- his face hardens.
text: He swings around quickly and drives the blade on his sword into
text: Jennifer's chest. She SCREAMS, a deep, unearthly SCREAM.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 86
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Bedsoe HEARS Jennifer's SCREAM. He bolts out of his car and
text: runs towards the building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Pain fills Jennifer's face. A beat. Slowly she smiles as a
text: TRANSFORMATION begins. The image of Jennifer is replaced with
text: that of Kilvara. Macleod smiles at him.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: I never told her my first name.
text: Kilvara grabs the blade and slowly pulls it from his chest.
text: Macleod swings his blade at Kilvara's neck. Kilvara ducks them
text: runs down the hall into the main room. Macleod follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: Bedsoe reaches the front door. He tries to break it open but
text: cannot. He runs around the side of the building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Macleod moves slowly through the work tables, waiting,
text: watching, listening. Something catches his attention.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD'S POV
text: Jennifer is gagged and tied to a chair which has been placed on
text: top of a long table. Another chair has been placed about three
text: feet away from her on the table. On the second chair a
text: CROSSBOW has been mounted and aimed at Jennifer. A ROPE is
text: tied to the TRIGGER and stretched to her chair. A WEIGHT has
text: been tied in the center of the rope. A CANDLE burns behind the
text: WEIGHT. When it burns though the rope the WEIGHT will fall and
text: the CROSSBOW will fire at Jennifer.
text: Kilvara steps out of the shadows, a wicked grin on his face.
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Clever -- don't you think. You can
dialog: save her. All you have to do is blow
dialog: out the candle. Of course, you have
dialog: to get past me to do it.
text: The rope is beginning to turn black as the candle burns deeper
text: into it. Macleod knows he has little time before the ropes
text: snaps. He moves towards her. Kilvara blocks his path.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Now, you die.
text: Kilvara swings his sword at Macleod. Macleod blocks the
text: attack. Kilvara kicks him in the stomach, doubling him over
text: and driving him back. Kilvara wields his sword powerfully.
text: Macleod side-steps the attack -- Kilvara's blade slams into a
text: table, slicing it cleanly in half.
text: Jennifer struggles in her chair, her eyes open wide in horror,
text: staring at the candle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM, REAR EXIT - NIGHT
text: Bedsoe reaches the back door. It is locked also. He goes over
text: to one of the windows and breaks it with the butt of his GUN,
text: then climbs through.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: The battle continues. Kilvara presses the attack, swinging his
text: sword furiously and relentlessly at Macleod. Macleod jumps up
text: on a table. Kilvara swings his blade at Macleod's knees.
text: Macleod jumps, the blade sails under his feet, when he lands he
text: KICKS Kilvara in the face, knocking him to the ground.
text: Kilvara's sword slides across the floor. Macleod looks at
text: Kilvara, then across the room. He has only a second to decide:
dialog: Kilvara or Jennifer.
speaker_heading: MACLEOD'S POV
text: The ROPE is about to snap -- strands are staring to fray.
text: Macleod runs across the tabletop and jumps onto another as he
text: heads for the long table across the room.
text: Kilvara stands -- picks up his sword and runs after Macleod.
dialog: 88
text: More strands of the rope snap as the flame burns deeper in the
dialog: rope. It is just about to when...
text: Macleod runs onto the long table. He dives and slides across
text: it -- his Samurai extended in front of him.
text: The rope SNAPS. The WEIGHT begins to fall.
text: Macleod drives the blade of his sword through the trigger
text: housing. The WEIGHT pulls on the rope -- but the blade of the
text: Samurai blocks the trigger from pulling back.
text: Kilvara reaches Macleod. Their eyes meet. Macleod knows he
text: cannot removes his sword to defend himself or the crossbow will
text: fire. Kilvara raises his sword and is about to strike when a
speaker_heading: SHOT is FIRED.
text: Bedsoe is standing in the doorway, his gun aimed at Kilvara.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: (to Kilvara)
dialog: You...
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: I know -- freeze.
text: A beat. Kilvara looks at Bedsoe, then at Macleod. He is only
text: a few feet away. He thinks -- then lunges at Macleod.
text: Bedsoe fires two shots. They hit Kilvara in the chest. He
text: drops to the ground.
text: Macleod unties Jennifer quickly. Bedsoe moves across the room
text: towards them. He carefully passes the motionless body of
dialog: Kilvara.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Bedsoe -- he isn't dead!
text: Too late. Kilvara stands, grabbing Bedsoe guns hand. He
text: smashes it against the wall. The GUN flies out of Bedsoe's
text: hand and slides across the floor. Kilvara effortlessly lifts
text: him off the ground and throws him against the wall. Bedsoe
text: hist the floor hard, his face etched in pain from several
text: broken bones. Jennifer runs over to him.
text: Kilvara picks up his sword and moves towards Macleod.
speaker_heading: KILVARA
dialog: Now -- we finish it.
text: Macleod stares at him confidently.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 89
text: Macleod quickly spins the chair with the CROSSBOW around so it
text: is facing Kilvara. He removes his Samurai. The trigger snaps
dialog: back.
text: WHOOSH! The ARROW hits Kilvara in the chest. Pain fills his
dialog: face.
text: Macleod runs towards him. Kilvara pulls the arrow from his
text: chest and manages to raises his sword just in time to block
text: Macleod's attack. Through the room they battle. Macleod
text: fights fiercely backing Kilvara up.
dialog: Jennifer makes Bedsoe more comfortable by propping him against
text: the wall. She looks around the room.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER'S POV
text: of Bedsoe's gun on the floor.
text: Jennifer rushes over to it and picks it up. She aims it at
dialog: Kilvara.
text: Kilvara sees her with the gun. He knows that if she shoots him
text: he would be stunned along enough for Macleod to take his head.
text: Jennifer FIRES a SHOT. It misses -- the bullet hits the wall.
text: Kilvara swings his sword powerfully at one of the WOODEN
text: PILLARS. His blade slices through it. Part of the ROOF
dialog: collapses.
text: DUST fills the room. SILENCE. Jennifer slowly moves forward,
text: trying to see through it. The dust clears. She stops --
text: stunned and confused by what she sees.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER'S POV
text: Standing in the middle of the room are TWO MACLEOD'S.
text: Jennifer moves the gun back and forth between each of them,
dialog: noting knowing which is the real Macleod.
text: Both Macleod's look at each other. They lunges at each other
text: and the battle begins again.
text: Jennifer can only watch helplessly.
text: Through the room they fight -- both Macleod's swinging their
text: swords at the other -- their swords cross -- sparks fly. They
text: move through the room -- fighting fiercely.
dialog: 90
text: One of the Macleod's swings his sword -- it slices through the
text: other arm. The other Macleod's drops his sword. The first
text: Macleod raises his sword.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: There can be only one.
text: He swings the sword, slicing it across the other Macleod's
text: neck. A beat. Out the gash come a brilliant GREEN LIGHT --
text: then the transformation begins. The image of Macleod fades and
text: is replaced by Kilvara. He stares at Macleod, tries to smile,
text: but falls to the floor and dies.
text: A beat. Macleod readies himself. The place explodes in a
text: burst of GREEN LIGHT. Windows explode, overhead lights flash
text: on and off then blow up.
text: Jennifer and Bedsoe shield their eyes from the brilliant
dialog: spectacle.
text: Macleod's body pulses with pain as Kilvara's power flows into
dialog: him.
text: SILENCE. Macleod drops to his knees. Jennifer rushes over to
text: him and helps him to his feet.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Is it over.
text: For a moment it is as if he didn't hear the question, then
text: slowly he looks at her. He picks up his Samurai and slowly
text: slices the blade into the palm of his hand. A cut appears. A
text: beat. It does not heal. Macleod looks at her with a trace of
dialog: grin.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Yes -- I think it is.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Hey -- somebody want to gimme a hand
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: Police cars fill the street. Macleod stands on the side walk
text: with Jennifer. Detective Greley stands behind them. Two
text: PARAMEDICS wheel Bedsoe out on a stretcher.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRELEY
dialog: Lieutenant -- what about him?
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR DAJORSKI
dialog: Should I take him in?
text: Bedsoe looks at Macleod who is waiting to see what Bedsoe is
dialog: going to do.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: No -- it was self defense.
text: Macleod nods at Bedsoe -- without words a quiet understanding
text: is reached between them. Bedsoe looks angrily at the
dialog: paramedics.
speaker_heading: BEDSOE
dialog: Well, we gonna wait here for my bones
dialog: to heal -- or you gonna take me to
dialog: the hospital?
text: They wheel him to the ambulance.
text: Macleod starts to walk away. Jennifer walks beside him.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Now I can start to live. To feel.
dialog: To grow old and live each day without
dialog: the promise of another.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Sounds very -- normal.
text: Macleod smiles.
speaker_heading: MCCLEOD
dialog: Yes -- yes it does.
text: He puts his arm around her and they walk off together.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
dialog: 
