speaker_heading: EIGH NOON
dialog: by
dialog: Carl Foreman
dialog: based on a story by
dialog: John M. Cunningham
dialog: PRODUCER: Stanley Kramer
scene_heading: DIRECTOR: Fred Zinnemann
speaker_heading: wi wewrSe wT
dialog: 40 High Noon
text: SOME NOTES ASQUT THIS STORY
dialog: THE TIME is about 1870 or 1875.
text: THE PLACE is HADLEYVILLE, population around 400, located
text: in a Western territory still to be determined, a town just old
dialog: enough to have become pleasantly aware of its existence, and to
dialog: begin thinking of {ts appearance.
text: There is one street, a rambling, crooked affair that
text: begins at the railroad station, meanders along through the town,
text: ends a little way past the relatively new Commercial Hotel, and
text: then becomes a narrow and disappearing path into the prairie. Most
dialog: of the people in town, particularly those in better eireumstances,
dialog: have built houses away from the street, end some of them even have
text: small lawns and flower patches, most of them rather pathetic.
text: Between the station and the hotel are to be found the
text: majority of the settings for the action of the story: the Marshal's
text: office and the courtroom, the Ramirez Bar, the barber shop, the
text: general store, the livery stable. Other establishments that should
dialog: be indicated but will not be used (as of this writing) will be in
dialog: tune with the place and period: «a bank, restaurants, rooming houses,
text: a millinery shop, a hand laundry, etc. Almost all the buildings
text: along the street have some kind of structures behind them, such as
text: outhouses or sheds or, in some cases, Living quarters.
dialog: Not so long ago, Hadleyville, Like many other frentier
dialog: towns that vere at the mercy of nearby feudal barons, had been
text: terrorized by Gil Jordan and his retainers. From his ranch, Gil
dialog: Jordan had ruled Hadleyville, and ruled {t ruthlessly and eruelly.
dialog: There are still men == and women, too =~ who bear the physical marks
text: of Jordan's maniacal rages, Five years ago, hovever, Marshal Will
text: Doane, backed by a half a dozen harderiding deputies, had broken
text: the Jordan gang and arrested Jordan for murder. At his trial, he
text: had been sentenced to hang, but Jordan's influential friends in the
dialog: territorial capital hed had his sentence commuted to Life imprison-
text: ment. Now, five years later, Hadleyville is a safe place for vomen
dialog: and children. Law end order have been so firmly established that
dialog: Doane new has only two deputies.
scene_heading: THE PEOPLE are MARSHAL WILL DOANE, HELEN RAMIREZ,
text: AMY DOANE, HARVEY PELL and others.
text: WILL DOANE is in his middle thirties. Adequately
text: educated, he is a second-generation westerner in a land thet is
text: still spreading out. Like most of the other citizens of Hadleyvilie,
dialog: he is not a native of the town. He is direct, practical, aot too
speaker_heading: M2) 4 Wi
speaker_heading: raagmom
dialog: a
dialog: man
dialog: cee Fe ee
speaker_heading: Mm 2
speaker_heading: J
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: a)
dialog: mm)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TE SSE Se
dialog: Gi
dialog: a)
dialog: Bs
dialog: oy
speaker_heading: me eS
dialog: whd
dialog: oy
dialog: es
dialog: High Noon 41
dialog: articulate. His approach to the job cf peace officer is matter-or-
text: fact, umtomantic, but in the five years that he has been town
dialog: marshal be has alvays Liked it. He hes enjoyed the prestige it has
dialog: given bim, and the knowledge that he 1s respected and liked by the
text: townspeople. Now that he is being married, he is Leaving the job
text: and the town with some regret, but secure in the feeling that he is
dialog: doing the sensible thing {mn moving to another town, where a general
dialog: store should do good business.
dialog: He {s, certainly, not an average man, cut a very human
dialog: ome. Some tvo years ago be had a somewhat Lengthy affair with:
text: HELEN RAMIREZ. She is two or three years older than
text: Doane, a victim of an era and environment vith rigid social stand-
dialog: ards. To begin with, Helen is half Mexican, end thus neither
dialog: acceptable to the “pure” American vomen of the region, nor eligible
dialog: for a "good" marriage. Consequently, in eddition to being intelli-
text: gent, atrewd and strong-willed, she is also hard and resentful.
text: Physically, she is handsome, full-treasted, passionate. More, she
dialog: has style, personality.
dialog: Some yeers ago, Helen hed carried Ramirez, the Local
text: salocn-keeper. After his death she hed become Gil Jordan's mistress,
text: With Jordan in jail for Lite, Helen had herself selected Will Deane
text: as his successor, and Helen still cannot forgive Doane for ending
text: the lisscn, for this is a priviledge she reserves for herselr.
text: Recently, she had allowed herself to drift into an affair with
text: Harvey Pell, Doane's friend end deputy. A good business women, she
dialog: bas long since disposed of her interest in the Ramirez saloon, ent
text: ds a silent partner in the town's general store.
dialog: AMY DOANE is, withoyt kmowing it, one of the new vomen
text: of the period, women who are beginning to rebel against the Limit-
text: ations ani restrictions of the Victorian epoch. Young, attractive,
text: iirtelligemt, strong-willed, Amy is determined not to be a sheltered
dialog: toyewife but @ full partner in her merciage, and it is she who has
text: Planned their future. More, Amy has strong emotional emi intellectual.
dialog: convictions against any form of violence, because ber father and
text: brothers vere killed while taking part in Vigilante action, end
text: she has since embraced the Quaker faith. Marziage to Doane would
dialog: have been unthinkable had he remained a peace officer.
text: HARVEY PELL is younger than Deane, his deputy and friend.
dialog: But beneeth that friendship is a nagging sense of inferiority and an
text: envy of Deane. Thus, although he has secretly taken Doane's place
text: as Helen's lover, he has a feeling that he has oot really replaced
text: Deane. In addition, Harvey is ambitious, amicus to preve his manhood
dialog: acd importance. He bas hoped to be appointed Mersbel in Doane's
dialog: Place, ami he has expected that Deane would secure the position for
text: him. Since the promotion has not taken place, he is resentful towards
dialog: Deane for this as well. Yet, with all this, there is a remnant cf
text: the old liking. Doane, however, is unaware of the change in Harvey's
dialog: feelings toward hin.
dialog: 
dialog: 42 High Noon
text: OTHERS ARE: PERCY METTRICK, Justice of the Peace;
scene_heading: JONAS HENDERSON, WILLIAM FULLER and MARTIN ECWE, selectmen; MILT
text: JORDAN, PIERCE and COLSY, remnants of the Jordan gang; SAM, Helen's
text: elderly retainer; TOBY, Doane's other deputy; and a surprising
dialog: cumber of other bitg,
text: METTRICK is urbane, cultured, cynical, unmarried,
text: middle-aged.
text: BENDERSON AND FULLER, and their WIVES, are in the same
dialog: age category, and very solid citizens.
text: MART HOWE is about sixty, a bachelor. He has been a
text: peace officer all his life, but age and the arthritis that has
dialog: crippled his hands have caused his retirement some years before,
text: MILT JORDAN, Gil's younger brother, JAMES PIERCE and
text: JACK COLBY are all that remain of the Jordan bunch. Milt is handsome,
text: wild, with cruel eyes and a quick, meaningless smile. Colby is
text: dour, remote, indrawmn. Pierce, the oldest amd the leader, is a
text: chronically sour-tempered man, nervous and irritable.
text: SAM 12 a thin, leathery, taciturn man about Martin Hove's
text: age. He looks as if he has known a considerable amount of viclence
dialog: and hard-Living (and probably lawlessness) in his time, from vhich --
text: Like Mart Howe -- he has retired, but in his own way. Helen Ramirez
dialog: ia the only person in town += and perhaps the vorld << for whom he has
dialog: any feeling. You sense that he is intensely loyal and devoted, that
text: he understands and admires her, and that he {s content to be her
dialog: watch-dog.
text: DR. MARIN, the minister, is a sincere, devout, unworldly
dialog: man, vho hag hia share of human veakness.
text: TOBY, Doane's other Deputy, is about Harvey Pell's age.
text: Lacking Harvey's tense drive, he is good-natured, easy-,oing,
text: dependable in a fight.
dialog: Other characters vill be descrited as ve go along. How-
dialog: ever, while ve ere here, ve omy es wall deserthe the settings for
text: some of the scenes to follow.
dialog: These are: (1) the Commercial Hotel, (2) Helen Ramirez’
dialog: rooms, (3) the courtroom, (4) the Marshal's office, (5) the Ramirez
text: Bar, (6) the Barbershop, (7) the livery stable, (8) the Church,
text: (9) the reilread station, (10) Martin Howe's home, (11) Willian
text: Fuller's home, (12) the general store, and (13) Mendosa's place.
text: The COMMERCIAL HOTEL would seem to be about six years
text: old. It is a tworstory building. The desk is in the center hall,
text: on one side cf which is the small Lobby, and on the other, cut orf
text: from view by curtains or swinging doors, the dining room. From the
text: hall, a stairvey leads up to the second floor, where all rooms are
text: entered from the ball.
text: HELEN RAMIREZ cecupies two connecting rooms on the
text: second floor of the hotel, toward the front. One is her bedroom
text: and the other has been furnished as a kind of sitting room or what
dialog: ry
dialog: fl
dialog: na waa 74
dialog: 27
dialog: 3anoasa pe
dialog: fi |
dialog: y
dialog: High Noon 43
text: was called a front room then. The front room overlooks che street.
text: Her taste is fairly expensive, feminine and god.
text: WILL DOANE'S OFFICE, which he shares vith Judge
text: Hattrick, ig e one-story building on the main street. On one
text: wide of the office is the COURTROOM and on the other the jail. ‘The
text: courtroom is still a somewhat makeshift affair, but the bench,
text: witness stant, jury bax, attorney tables and spectators’ saction
dialog: can be recognized. We will probably not see the jail. The Doane-
dialog: Mattrick office should be large enough to contain two desks, chairs,
dialog: etc, The "Gun-Fighter” had a very good marshal's office.
text: The RAMIREZ BAR is a typical small smloon of the period ~~
text: a bar end some tables, tut no dance floor, no stage, no glittering
dialog: gambling layouts.
text: THE CHURCH has a capacity ef about 200, a small wooden
text: structure. It has a small orgen, or viatever they were called then,
text: and behind the pulpit there hengs a large painted replica cf the
dialog: Ten Commandments.
text: THE BARBER SHOP bas one chair and ea round card table.
text: The window bears the following legemi; BARBER SHOP AMD DENTIST.
text: HOT BATES. ‘Then lower down, and in smaller letters: DICNIFIED
text: UNDERTAKING. H. LeSIEUR, PROP. Behind the shop are living quarters
dialog: 1 and space designed for Mr. LeSieur's other activities, but ve will
dialog: { _ + ea none cf these except the shed vhere coffins ars built ani atored,
text: MART HOWE'S HOME is small, simple, almost berren
text: reflecting his bachelorhoed. WILLIAM FULLER'S HOME is Larger, more
text: affluently furnished in the taste of the period, and fussy, showing
dialog: the hand and taste of bis wife. Although ve will use both exteriors,
dialog: we will probably see only the living-room of each house.
text: TRE LIVERY STABLE fronts on the main street, but the
text: stable pert, where the horses are stalled, is at the rear, and out
text: of sight and hearing from the street.
dialog: EE RATLROAD STATION, for our purposes, is one small
dialog: Duilding. Part of this is veiting reon, and part has been parti-
text: tioned off to be the Station-Master’s Office. The office windows
text: look out to the track and to a large bench outside. It {s presently
dialog: planned to play the material with Milt Jordan, Pierce ami Colby
dialog: Qakside the station house.
dialog: THE GENERAL STORE is e@ typical store cf the period. If
dialog: possible, it should be indicated that the store is a prosperous one.
dialog: It shouldn't be too larga, though.
text: MENDOZA'S PLACE is a stopping-af? place some five or
text: ten miles from town, containing rode accomodations for horses end
dialog: humans. Yor cur purposes, we vill probebly see only the corral,
text: the exterior of the building ami the interior of the combined bar
text: and eating space -—- in other words, one large room containing a bar,
text: cables, a large fireplace, etc. It is not a fancy place. For a
dialog: good picturization of this kind of establishment, you should see
dialog: "Stage-Coach.”
dialog: Wed fu’
dialog: Fe) Bal thi
dialog: wail
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 44 High Noon
dialog: "HIGH NOON"
speaker_heading: FADE In:
text: 1-8. EXT, OUTSKIRTS OF HADLEYVILLE -- DAY. It is not yet eleven
dialog: Gell.
dialog: 13.
text: A.M., amd the sun is high and hot in a clear sky. Near a
text: landmark of some kind -- @ tree or an OUt-cropping of rock «-
text: a Man on horseback waits. In the distance, another Rider
text: appears, riding toward the waiting Man. Now, the MALY
text: end CREDIT TITLES APPEAR. Behind them, the Rider reaches
text: the Man who is waiting. They recognize each other, wave
text: briefly, wait together. The distant bells of an o.s.
text: Church begin to toll. From ANOTHER ANGLE, a Third Rider
text: allops toward them. He reaches them. The Pirst Man
text: takes cut bis watch as the FINAL CARD APPEARS AND PADES.
text: We are in CLOSE to the three Mec now, close enough to see
dialog: that they are travel-veary and grin, sen vho seem to be
text: driven by a mixture of hatred and hunger. tn the order
text: of their appearance, they ere JAMES PIERCE, JACK cOLgY
text: and MILT JORDAN. Pierce snaps bis vatch=case shut, puts
text: it away, neds briefly to the others, He. spurs his horse,
text: and they follow him. CAMERA PANS and EOLDS as they ride
text: gut of scene in the direction of a chureh spire that can
text: be seen above screening trees.
text: EXT. CHURCH. Its bell tolls calmly and unhurriedly, and
text: the people going into it move terpidly, hot and uncomfor-
text: table in their Sunday test. Along the resd that winds past
text: the churth, Jordan, Pierce and Colby appear ami ride by.
dialog: They are too far from the church to be recognized by any
text: of the people going in, and when they pass the CAMERA as
text: they ride away from it they seem solivious to dt. Although
text: they are only cantering, they ride with purpowe, and it is
text: as if the church and the people do not even impinge them-
text: selves on their consciousnesses. Ag they move cut of
text: scene, they pass 4 wagon which has come to 4 step in the
text: f.g. A Man and his Wife are in the wagon, and as the Man
text: starts to climb down, he sees the Three Riders. He Looks
text: after them thoughtfully.
text: EXT. MAIN STREET. It bakes in the sun, a rather crooked
text: amd winding street that seems deserted now in the Sunday
text: calm. Jordan, Pierce ami Colby canter inte the scene and
dialog: ride avay from CAMERA.
text: EXT. FIRE-HOUSE, A Volunteer Fireman, his Sunday coat off,
text: ie lovingly polishing the bright new engine. As he pauses
dialog: al
dialog: ina mwm7 ea
dialog: ms
dialog: 
dialog: 7 7 ha
dialog: 1 3 24
dialog: 7)
dialog: 21
dialog: val
dialog: “RA the
dialog: (ithe
dialog: fal bd
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a ta wl
dialog: 
dialog: ja Fa
dialog: f
dialog: 
dialog: =
dialog: nh
dialog: +
speaker_heading: wh fF
speaker_heading: li) BSA
dialog: 1s,
dialog: a5.
speaker_heading: LT.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: LGA.
dialog: High Neon 45
text: to pour himself a glass of beer from a nearby can, the
text: Taree Riders pass. He looks after them with frowning
dialog: recognition.
text: CLOSE SHOT --AHOIHER MAN -- staring o.s. at the passing
text: riders, Troubled, he wipes his dripping forehead.
text: HEAD-ON TRUCK SHOT -~ on Jordan, Pleree and Colvy. They
text: keep their eyes focused ahead of them, almost contenp~
text: tuogusly easy in their saddles tut unvaveringly purposeful.
text: EXT. STREET -- SHOOTING TOWARD THE HOTEL <- far up she
text: wtreet, as the three men approach it. The shutters of
text: & second<story vindow open, and the figure of a Woman
dialog: can be seen. °
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -~ HELEN RAMINEZ -- through the window into
text: her sitting-room. She is in negligee, still Llanguorcus
text: from sleep, her long black hair cascading down over her
text: sboulders. She stretches lururicusly. There is the o.s.
text: SOUND of the approaching horses. HARVEY FELL enters the
text: scene from behind her, and dravs her back into the room.
text: Tor. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. Harvey draws Helen into bis arms,
text: aod she accepts the familiar embrace. The purely physical
text: attraction each has for the other is obvious. But the sound
text: of the approaching horses comes nearer. Helen's guze strays
text: to the window. She recognizes the Taree Riders below. che
text: frowns, detaching herself from Harvey, moves back to the
text: windov. Harvey cranes his neck to follow her geze.
speaker_heading: HARVEY ~
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: ERLEN
dialog: (abstracted )
dialog: You don't know them...
text: She follows the o.s. Riders with her eyes.
text: EXY, HAY AED GRAIN STORE, ‘The Storekeeper, in his Sunday
text: pest, is locking the door as Jordan, Pierce and Colby ride
text: by. He, too, recognizes then. He stares after then.
text: SOT, STREET. An Elderly Mexican Women is carrying a
text: market basket, the CAMERA MOVING WITH her. As the Taree
text: Men ride by, she recognizes then and steps. Unselfcon-
text: sciously, she crosses herself.
speaker_heading: —
dialog: 8 High Noon
dialog: c 20,
dialog: al.
dialog: 23.
text: EXT. MARSHAL'S OFWICE -~ as Jordan, Pierce and Calvy ride
text: by. Milt Jordan reins up, looking toward the Marshal's
text: office, then deliberately rears his horse. The others
dialog: have stopped.
speaker_heading: PIERCE
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: You in a hurry?
speaker_heading: MILT
dialog: (emiling)
dialog: ITeuream...
speaker_heading: PIERCE
dialog: You're a fool: Come on --
text: He kicks his horse. Milt shrugs, grins.
text: TWIT. COURTROOM ~~ SHOOTING TOWARD the street. A wedding
text: ia in progress. WILL DOANE and AMY, behind them the
text: HENDERSONS, the FULLERS and MARTIN HOWE, face JUDGE
text: METTRICK, Most of the men are perspiring. Mrs. Henderson,
dialog: 4 woman conscicus of ber own importance in this community,
text: and Mrs. Fuller, a motherly-looking woman, make futile
text: motions with their handkerchiefs. In the street beyond
text: aod unseen by the group, the three riders pasa from view.
text: Judge Mettrick finds bis place in his book, Looks down at
text: Amy and Will with benign good humor, and begins.
speaker_heading: METTRICK
dialog: Will Deane and Amy Fowler, you have
dialog: come before me in my capacity ss
dialog: Justice of the Peace of this town-
dialog: ship...
text: LOW TRUCK SHOT =~ of the Three Men as they ride toward
text: CAMERA. They continue down the street, grim, implacable,
dialog: deadly.
text: EXT. RAMIREZ 2AR, Four Men, loafing in front of the bar,
text: are staring 0.8. GILLIS, who owns the bar, turns excitedly
dialog: to the others.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Did you see what I saw?
dialog: (to one of the Men)
dialog: Open ‘er up, Joe! We're going
dialog: te have a big day today --
dialog: Sy w=) = mt
dialog: 70 fi 7] 2 ra
dialog: mm
dialog: a=
dialog: Fi
dialog: te)
dialog: ca
speaker_heading: FN Fey
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Ee
dialog: a
speaker_heading: (FA
dialog: wlll
dialog: i
speaker_heading: TW Pea Rh EE
dialog: 
dialog: aya.
dialog: ak,
dialog: 25.
text: Grinning, he hands JOE the key.
text: EXT. STREET. On a bench in the 2.8, @ Little barefoot
text: Mexican toy lies asleep. PAST him, the Three Men ride
text: in and out of the scene. Above the veist they are out
text: of frames, but their holster-guns and the rifles secured
text: So their saddles are in plain and emphatic view. ‘The
text: Little boy sleeps on.
scene_heading: IVT. MAREERSHOP -- SHOOTING TO STREET. ‘The Barber is
dialog: shaving « cman.
speaker_heading: FAREER
dialog: Hot? You call this het? ...
text: He sees the Three Men ride by, and stops amared.
speaker_heading: BAREER
dialog: Well, I'll be <=!
speaker_heading: MAR
dialog: What's the uatter?
speaker_heading: BAREER
dialog: Thcught I saw Milt Jormiean. . .
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: He's down in Texas, somevheres.
speaker_heading: EAREER
dialog: Iimew...
dialog: (be resumes work)
dialog: Looked like Pierce and Colby, toc,
dialog: Comldn’t be, though...
dialog: (he shrugs)
text: Det, EELEN'S FRONT ROCM. Harvey is in an ensy chair,
text: Lighting a cigar. Near him, Helen is combing her hair
text: before a mirror on the wall.
speaker_heading: EARVED
dialog: I thought they were all split up...
dialog: T heard Milt Jordan got killed dew
dialog: in Texas...
speaker_heading: BELEN
dialog: (natter-or-factly)
dialog: Too bad he vesn's,
dialog: High Noon
dialog: & High Noon
dialog: 26.
text: He looks at her speculatively, then rises and goes to her.
text: He leans against the vall, and, with almost unconscious
text: fascination, Teaches over and fingers the ends of ner Long
dialog: heir.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Ever hear from ois brother?
dialog: From Guy?
text: He lets go as Helen stops, looks at him briefly, then
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: SELEN
dialog: (with finality)
dialog: Ro.
text: Harvey senses that the discussion is closed. He puffs his
text: cigar, then smiles suddenly.
speaker_heading: EARVEY
dialog: Hey, maybe it's a good thing
dialog: Doane's leaving town today.
dialog: (italy)
dialog: Maybe...
text: Harvey looks at her shrewdly. He reaches for a tendril of
text: hair egain. Unaware, Helen tosses her mane, and he with-
text: draws his fingers.
text: TNT, STATIONMASTER'S OFFICE. The Station-Master, a small
text: citified-locking man, is taking down a telegram. The
text: ticker stops. He reads what he has vritten.
speaker_heading: STATIONMASTER
dialog: ({ shocked ) .
dialog: My goodness gracious -~ !
text: Then, looking up, he sees + through the window -- the Three
text: Men. Dismounted, they are bitching their horses to the rail.
speaker_heading: STATIONMASTER
dialog: (really upset now)
dialog: Ch, my goodness:
text: Now, to his increasing dismay, the three men turn and
dialog: ~
dialog: hel
dialog: =]
dialog: ]
dialog: fl = Hm
dialog: ri a
dialog: 3) fy
dialog: }m
dialog: el
dialog: High Noon 9
text: approach him. Instinetively, he turns the message face
dialog: 
dialog: down.
text: 27. ERT. STATIONMASTER'S CPFICE. A veather-feded sign is
text: , nailed near the window. It reads:
scene_heading: & THROUGH TRAIN -- 2 wEISTEES.
scene_heading: ng SUP TRAIN -- 3 WEISTIES.
dialog: ' eG “o-
dialog: &
scene_heading: DP STATION-MASTER NOT IN OFFICE,
text: SOY TICKET FROM CONDUCTOR.
speaker_heading: wa BG
dialog: (
text: Pierce, Jordan and Colby move stizfly to the window. They
dialog: gat there.
speaker_heading: PIERCE .
dialog: ~N (wiping bis forehead
dialog: t with his sleeve)
dialog: Noon train on time?
dialog: 
dialog: ' -
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: = Oh, yes, sir! . . . At least I think
dialog: a0, siz. Don't know any reason
dialog: i 7 why it shouldn't be, Mr. Pierce...
dialog: h a Eow are you, Mr. Pierce? . . . Mr.
dialog: ' Jordan, Mr. Colby... 7
dialog: =
dialog: 
text: They stare him down, then turn end ocve toward «a bench.
text: They sprawl on it, remenbering they are not and tired,
text: as they reach for tobacco. Pierce looks at his vateh
dialog: , =
dialog: — egain.
dialog: 4
text: 4 28. Off. STATIONMASTER'S OFFICE. The Stationmaster vatches
text: | & them. When he is sure that he is wmobserved, he slips
text: } = furtively out by the rear door, carrying the telegran °
dialog: with him.
text: b “SE 29- TNT. COURTROCM <= as Mettrick concludes the ceremony.
dialog: - 30.
dialog: & . (te Doane)
dialog: ass Be you, Will Deane, take Amy to
dialog: be your Lawful wedded wife, to .
dialog: os have and to hold trom this day
dialog: e forvard, util death do you pert?
dialog: 50 High Noon
dialog: 32.
dialog: 32.
dialog: 33-
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Tdo...
speaker_heading: METTRICK
dialog: And do you, Amy, take Will to te
dialog: your Lawful husband, to have and
dialog: to hold from this day forvard,
dialog: until death de you part?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Ido...
speaker_heading: METTRICK
dialog: The ring, please.
text: Doane gets it from Henderson, slips it on Amy's finger.
speaker_heading: METTRICK
dialog: Then, by the authority vested in
dialog: ma by the Laws of this territory
dialog: I pronounce you man and wife.
text: There is the usual brief, tentative pause, with Doane very
text: mach avare of the others, and then he takes Amy in bis
text: arms and Kisses ber, rather briefly. The tension breaks.
text: As the Men crowd around Doane and the Women surround Amy,
text: Mettrick smilingly moves to Any.
speaker_heading: MEYTRICK
dialog: Iean't speak for the rest of
dialog: you man, but I claim an ancient
dialog: privilege...
text: There is Laughter as he kisses her.
text: EXT, STREET -- as the Stationmaster, clutching the telegram,
text: hurries up the street, his passage occasioning curious
text: stares from loafers and passerby.
text: ED. CLOSE SHOT -- The Two Old Men, sitting in the shade.
text: They watch the Station-Master pass.
speaker_heading: FIRST OLD MAN
dialog: Moving mighty fast for a Sunday. . -
text: TNT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. The door leading to the courtreom
text: is open, end Doane is Leading Amy through it. He shuts it
text: firmly behind him.
dialog: 7
dialog: non mo S
speaker_heading: 2771 0
speaker_heading: B
dialog: m=) 7) 0) &: 7
dialog: i
dialog: Ba’ ey
dialog: aie
speaker_heading: FAA” Re
dialog: os
dialog: Eel
dialog: Bea
dialog: =
dialog: so
dialog: 4
dialog: oe
dialog: if
dialog: 1m
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon §1
speaker_heading: AMy
dialog: (embarransed but amused)
dialog: Will -- 1 .
speaker_heading: » DOANE
dialog: All those people... .
text: He leads her avay from the doorway tovard his desk, vhere
text: bis holster and guns hang from a hook.
speaker_heading: TOANE
dialog: (as they move)
dialog: | to me people ought to be
dialog: alone when they get umrried . . .
text: He is balt-serious, end Amy understands his urge
dialog: to be away from the others. .
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Trmow. ..
text: They are facing each other now, their eyes holding, very
text: conscious of each other.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (awewardly)
dialog: Any, I'm going to try... I'LL
dialog: do my test...
text: He is brushing aside the formal vows of the ceremony vith
dialog: ais own promise, Amy understands.
dialog: Awe
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Ivill, too...
text: Their awareness of each other grows. This time, when they
text: kiss, there is a healthy pession in the embrace, and they
text: ere both a Little shaken vien they part. The mock on the
text: door startles them, Henderson opens the door and leans
speaker_heading: EERDERSCN
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: The honeymoon is officially over --
dialog: (he turns end calls
text: over his shoulder)
dialog: Come on, everybody! . . .
dialog: 52 High Noon
speaker_heading: . EENDERSON (Cont'd. )
dialog: (am the others come
dialog: through the doorvay)
dialog: ' And don't look so shocked, ladies.
dialog: A man's entitled to some privacy
dialog: on bis vedding day --
speaker_heading: METTRICK
dialog: 1 That's debatable, Jo. However,
dialog: one more ceremony, and Will's a
dialog: free man. More or less...
dialog: (ne turns to Doane)
dialog: Marshal, turn in your badge...
text: } Laughing, smiling, the group has converged on Will and
text: Amy at the desk. Doane understands Mettrick's reference,
text: and his hand goes up to his badge, then falls away. Uncon-
text: 1 sciously, he stalls a Little.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: I was hoping Harvey and Tobe'd
dialog: ve here...
dialog: (ne grins)
dialog: A man ought to be able to make
text: a final speech to his deputies.
dialog: . And here they don't even show
dialog: ' up for his wedding...
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: } METTRICK
dialog: They'LL be along before you Leave.
text: Amy is watching Deane vith quiet understanding.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: I guess so...
text: (he reaches for his badge
dialog: 1 again, then stops)
dialog: Tell the truth, I kind of hate to
dialog: do this without your new marshal
dialog: being here...
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: (with mock solemity)
text: WiLL, Sam Fuller and Mart Hove end
dialog: Tare the entire board of selectman
dialog: of this community. We are, also,
dialog: your very good friends. Ani you've
dialog: dene such a fine job here, that I
dialog: a}
speaker_heading: —4
speaker_heading: —JI 2 I
dialog: i = ii
dialog: w
dialog: =
dialog: =I TI oa me
dialog: 10 ©
speaker_heading: YI
dialog: es
dialog: . High Noon 53 _
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: al HENDERSON (Cont'a.)
dialog: > feel completely free to say -- and
dialog: 1 the Judge will bear me out -—
dialog: E (ne grins jovially :
dialog: .“ for bis punch line)
dialog: . t- that this town will be perfectly
dialog: & safe until tomerrov: ...
text: Deane joins in the general laughter. His eyea neat Amy's
dialog: , EE end vhen he speaks it is to her. .
speaker_heading: ms (rustuliy)
dialog: ‘= ruefully .
dialog: ‘ = You vin. .
dialog: , (to the others)
dialog: ‘ Sut don't ever marry a Quaker.
dialog: = She'll bave you running « store...
speaker_heading: ne : FULLER :
dialog: be Pad Can't quite picture you doing that,
dialog: ' aur Lo ,
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Team...
speaker_heading: i ROWE
dialog: zs} (soberly) -
dialog: by So can I. And a geod thing, toc.
speaker_heading: AF
speaker_heading: AM
dialog: (smiling at him)
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: Deane looks at Howe quizzically.
speaker_heading: FA
speaker_heading: = DOANE
dialog: = You didn't talk that vay vhen
dialog: you were wearing a star...
text: -= He shakes bis nead with mock sadness, ani then a vicked
text: . glint comes into his eyes.
speaker_heading: og DOANE
dialog: = Alright, it's coming off, but
dialog: I got to be paid first.
dialog: =
text: Swittly be sweeps Amy off her feet and holds her aloft.
dialog: 54 High Noon
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Will, Let me down:
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Not till you kisa me --
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (Laughing)
dialog: Let me down, you fool:
text: Then she gives in, and Doane lets her down. Grinning, ne
text: takes off his badge emi ping it to his holster on the
text: wall. The street door opens loudly, and as they turn to
text: it, the Stationmaster hurries in.
speaker_heading: STATIONMASTER
dialog: (Coreathless)
dialog: Marshal -- | Telegram for you --
dialog: (as he hands it to Doane)
dialog: Tt's just terrible... ! It’s shocking!
text: The others stare as Doane reads it.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (unbelievingly)
dialog: They -~ they pardoned Guy Jordan. . .
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What is ts, Will?
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: ZT don't believe it!
dialog: {he takes the wire
dialog: fron Deane)
dialog: A week ago, too. . . Mice of them
dialog: to let you mow...
speaker_heading: STATIONMASTER
dialog: ‘That ain't all, Milt Jordan's
text: down at the depot with Jim Pierce
dialog: and Jack Colby. .. . They asked sbout
dialog: the noon train...
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (still dazed)
dialog: Noon train... 2?
text: He turns to lock at the wall clock, and the others folicv
dialog: s
dialog: n= 7 mA
dialog: ms
speaker_heading: ON ES
dialog: Biss
speaker_heading: Fa
speaker_heading: EEE
speaker_heading: P27)
speaker_heading: B
dialog: 
dialog: 38.
dialog: x.
dialog: High Noon 55
text: his gaze. It ts twenty to eleven.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: You get out of here, Will! You
dialog: get out of town this minuta!
text: The others join him as he “hustles Doane and Amy to the door.
speaker_heading: AME
dialog: What is it?) What's the matter -- 7
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Hever sind -= there's no time <=
text: The office empties. ‘There is « silence. Suddenly it is
text: troken by the Sound of a lusty score. CAMERA PANS TO the
text: cell et the rear of the office. A DRINK is sleeping it
text: off on the cell cot. He sleeps on.
text: Ext. MARSEAL'S OFFICE == aa the group emerges, and Deane
text: helps Amy up imto the buckboard at the hiteking rail.
text: He turns to the others.
speaker_heading: HENDERSOS
dialog: Go on ==
speaker_heading: FOLLER
dialog: Yea, go on, Will:
dialog: Mart Hove bas alresdy wmbitched the tvo horses and turned
text: them to the street. Deane hesitates, then turns ani
text: climbs up into the buckboard.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Geed luck, boy, end hurry!
text: He slaps one of the horses on the romp. They start end
dialog: move into « gallop. Hendersen emi the others vave
text: euricusly, as the wagon moves o.3.
text: EXD. STREET, Pedestrians react ag the buckboard rattles
text: by, Doane whipping the horses vith the reins. .
text: DVT. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM, arvey Pell is at the winiew,
text: staring into the street. There is the o.s. rush and
text: clatter of Deane's wagon rolling past.
dialog: 56 High Noon
dialog: ho.
dialog: aL.
dialog: (aloud )
dialog: That's funny. . -
speaker_heading: HELEN'S VOICE
dialog: Waat?
text: She comes into the scene and to the window.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: You can't see now, Doane and
text: his new wife took off in a big
dialog: hurry.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (not amused)
dialog: What's so funny?
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Imean a big hurry. ... Hey, you
dialog: don't suppose Deane's scared
dialog: of those three gunnies?
text: Helen looks at him skeptically.
speaker_heading: BARVEY
dialog: (irritated )
dialog: Well, you didn't see him. I
dialog: never sav him whip a horse
dialog: that way.
text: Helen stares at him. Obviously, he is telling the truth.
text: She frowns, then goes to the door, opens it.
text: INT. HALL -~- as Helen comes cut, gces to the room next
text: door, knocks.
speaker_heading: BELEN
dialog: Sam -- 7
speaker_heading: SAM'S VOICE
dialog: Come on in, Helen «=
text: She opens the docr and goes in.
text: INT. HALL. In his shirtsleeves, SAM is seated at a table,
text: cleaning a rifle. Ye looks up at Helen's entrance. °
dialog: aI ara
dialog: a3 Dona
dialog: =? =
dialog: nom
dialog: oo
dialog: ral
dialog: High Noon 57
dialog: -
speaker_heading: ak HELEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Milt Jordan's in town. He's
dialog: E got two of the old bunch with
dialog: - nin.
text: 2 Sam looks at her unwinkingly, then gets up slowly.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: = (stuply)
dialog: . & I guess I'll take a look around.
text: ' " He starts to put on his coat.
dialog: pet
text: : = ka, EXD. SUREET -- on the Stationmaster hurrying back to the
text: Station. As he reaches the Barter Shop, the Barber comes
dialog: 1 out, razor in hend.
speaker_heading: ‘ 1 bb
speaker_heading: me BARBER
dialog: h Se What's going om, Oliver?
dialog: =
speaker_heading: STATICNMASTER
dialog: } (aot without pleasure
dialog: + _ in his role)
dialog: \ Guy Jordan's been let go...
dialog: | e
dialog: | = (amazed )
dialog: . Boi. . . Taen that vas Milt I seen
dialog: = Just now <--
speaker_heading: BS
speaker_heading: STATICNMASTER
dialog: ‘ ~- Tt sure wes == and Pierce and
dialog: Ee Colby, tao...
speaker_heading: ‘ BARBER
dialog: } = You don't say! . . . Where's Doane?
dialog: te
speaker_heading: STATICNMASTER
dialog: He's left...
dialog: 
dialog: hi
speaker_heading: BARBER
dialog: That's a amart man...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
text: They part, the Statiommaster going on down the street, the
text: Barber returning into his shep.
dialog: hd
dialog: 4
dialog: ge re
dialog: 58 High Noon
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: PAR
dialog: (as be goes ta)
dialog: How, Me. Thompson, a@idn't I tell you ~~ 2
text: CAMERA HOLDS on window of the shop.
text: ExT, PRAIRIE -- MED, LONG SHOT -- on the buckboard 48 it
text: gareans over the uneven pais, Doane keeping the horses
text: at a wild gallop. put, then, gradually, 45 the vagon
text: approaches the CAMERA, Doane begins to rein Up.
text: wer. PRAIRIE -- BUCKROARD -~ a8 Doane brings it to @ halt.
text: He is frowning with thought, struggling with himself.
text: Amy stares at nim.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Woy are you stopping?
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (finally)
dialog: It's no good. I've got to go
dialog: pack, Amy. -
dialog: Ag
dialog: Way?
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: This is crazy: T haven't even
dialog: got any guns.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Then Lat’s go on “~ hurry!
speaker_heading: DOANE,
dialog: No. That's what I've been thinking.
dialog: They're waking oe Tun.
dialog: never run from anybody before.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (trantic)
dialog: Who? . . . I don't understand any
dialog: of this.
speaker_heading: DOABE
dialog: (taking out bis waten)
dialog: Thaven't got time to tell you.
dialog: uu
dialog: pmam ol
dialog: i
dialog: ewe
speaker_heading: mI
dialog: rs)
speaker_heading: ER
dialog: a
dialog: ab
dialog: “Fin =
speaker_heading: aA
dialog: Fas
dialog: =
dialog: =
dialog: u
dialog: =
dialog: 
dialog: 50.
dialog: 50A.
dialog: High Noon 59
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Then don't go tack, Will...
speaker_heading: DOAME
dialog: I've got to. That's the whole
dialog: thing...
text: He whips the horses and turns them back toward the town.
text: EXT. RAILROAD STATION. Milt Jordan, Pierce and Colby are
text: on the bench. Milt is drinking from an elmost depleted
text: whiskey bottle. He hands it to Colby, whe takes a swallow,
text: ami returns it. Milt offers it to Pierce, who shakes kis
text: head angrily.
speaker_heading: PIERCE
dialog: I thought you'd grew up by nov.
speaker_heading: . MILE
dialog: I thought your disposition aight've
dialog: sweetened a Little down in Abiline. .. .
dialog: Guess ve were both wrong.
text: He takes aucther drink.
text: ONT. SALOON. Six more Men have joined the others. Gillis,
text: Flushed with drink and anticipation, is in the centre of 4
text: group at the bar. He pounds cn it with hia open hand for
dialog: emphasis end attention.
speaker_heading: GILLIS:
dialog: Hit the ber, all of you! I'm
dialog: gettin’ 'em up:
text: They move to the bar in acceptance of bis largesse.
text: INT. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. Helen and Harvey are facing San.
speaker_heading: EELEN
dialog: Eow could they parton Guy? He
dialog: was in for life «-
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (abrugging)
dialog: He's cut...
speaker_heading: BARVEY
text: (a glint of trtudph
dialog: 7 oe
dialog: 60 High Noon
dialog: Su.
dialog: 513.
dialog: 52.
dialog: 53-
speaker_heading: BARVEL (canta)
dialog: in bis ayes)
dialog: go that's why Doane rum away. + +
text: Helen Looks at nim, starta to say something, then stops.
text: There is the o-4- CLATTER of hoofbeats in the streets.
text: They turn to the window.
text: ex, STREET -~ from Helen's point of view. Doane's puckboard
text: can be seen elattering PAST TOWARD nis office.
text: PACK TO SCENE 51. Helen turns to the ethers and Looks
text: quizzically at Harvey. He scowls under the amusement
text: in her eyes.
text: EXT, MARSHAL'S OFFICE -- as the buckboard pulls uP pyefore it.
text: TN?, BAREERSHOP. ‘The Barber ts finishing with his
text: Customer. An Elderly Man (FRED) hurries in.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (exetted)
dialog: Doane's back. - + :
text: The Customer sits up.
speaker_heading: SAREER
dialog: Don't believe it:
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Just seen him. --
text: The Barber locks at the clock. It is tex minutes to
dialog: eleven.
speaker_heading: BARBER
dialog: How many coffins ve got?
speaker_heading: FRED
speaker_heading: BAREER
dialog: We're gonna need at Least two
dialog: more, no etter how you figure
dialog: it. You datter get yusy, Fred.
text: Pred nods and nurries out through a reer door The Barber
text: remembers nis customer, and removes the eleth with @ flourish.
dialog: = wee eee
dialog: cee
dialog: =r
dialog: d
dialog: High Noon 41
speaker_heading: eS
speaker_heading: < BAREER
dialog: ALL finished, Mr. Thompson. “
dialog: frag You look just fines...
scene_heading: ae Sk-55. OUT. °
dialog: “=
text: Ee. 56~ UME. MARSHAL'S OPFICE, Amy and Doane come in, and Doane
text: 60. goes quickly to where his gune bang on the wall. Amy
text: oft watches bin as he buckles them on. His mimi is already
dialog: e in the future, and she knows it. Nevertheless, she
text: parseveres.
dialog: Aur
dialog: Please, Will -— !
text: & Deane looks at her, then goes on,
dialog: Ss
dialog: Aur
dialog: =n (desperately)
dialog: om Tf you'd only tell ne what this
dialog: ia all about...
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: . He vas supposed to hang,
dialog: 
dialog: - New he's tree -- I don't
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Cs know how. Amyway, it Looks like
dialog: & be's coming back.
dialog: ant
dialog: E T still don't understand --
dialog: \
dialog: = (choosing bis words
dialog: Ss carefully)
dialog: He'ea... be vas always wild --
dialog: = kind of crazy. . . . He'll probably
dialog: ee make trouble...
dialog: aur
dialog: & That's no concern of yours == not
dialog: & anymore!
dialog: =m
dialog: ik
speaker_heading: . DOANE
dialog: I'm the one who sent him up.
dialog: {l
dialog: I
speaker_heading: — —
dialog: - =r
dialog: 62 High Noon
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That ves part of your job. That's
dialog: finished sow. They've got a caw
dialog: marshal --
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Won't be here till tomorrev. Seems
dialog: to me I've got to stay a while.
dialog: (ne reaches for his star)
dialog: Anyway, I'm the same man -- with or
dialog: without this...
text: He pins it on.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That isn't so.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: I expect he'll come looking for
dialog: ma. Three of his old bunch are
text: waiting at the depot...
speaker_heading: Aut
dialog: That's why we ought to go...
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (still patient)
dialog: They'll just come after us... .
dialog: Four of then, end we'd be all
dialog: alone on the prairie...
dialog: auy
dialog: We've got an hour!
text: They beth leok at the clock. It shows nine minutes to
dialog: @leven.
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: What's an hour? . . .
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: We could reach -~
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: What's a hundred miles, even?
dialog: We'd never be able to keep that
dialog: ~y
dialog: 2 ©) 2
speaker_heading: J
dialog: m2 & -
dialog: a) oT) Tb 2 on
dialog: o 3
speaker_heading: mM]
dialog: _)
dialog: il
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Dosne's face
dialog: stops hin.
dialog: High Noon
speaker_heading: DOANE (Cont'd.)
dialog: store, Amy. They'd come after
dialog: us. We'd have to run again.
dialog: Long as we live. .~
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, we wouldn't -- not if they
dialog: didn't know where to find us:
text: tightens. He starts toward the door. Amy
speaker_heading: AMY .
dialog: WILL, I'm begging you -- please: .. -
dialog: fat's go... et
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Tean't..-
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Den't try to be a hero! You don't
dialog: pave to be a hero <= not for me!
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: (Losing bis temper)
dialog: I'm not trying to be « hero! ww
dialog: you think I Like this, you're crazy:
dialog: (ne casters himself)
dialog: Amy, look. This is my town. I've
dialog: got triexis here. Toty and Harvey'1i
dialog: pe hers, I'LL swear in « bunch of
dialog: special deputies. With « posse
dialog: pehind me, maybe there won't even te
dialog: any trouble...
dialog: A
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: You know there'll be trouble.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Then it's better to bave it bere... -
dialog: I'm sorry, honey. I know bow you
dialog: feel about it --
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Do you?
dialog: 64 High Noon
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (awewardly)
dialog: of course I do. tT mow it's ageinst
dialog: religion end all -~ Sure I know
dialog: how you feel about it.
speaker_heading: AME
dialog: (atscerty)
dialog: Bat you're doing de just the same.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (nelplessly)
dialog: Amy. +:
text: Amy comes to hin, her neart in her eyes: deliberately
text: throwing all she has of nagnetisa and sex at bin.
dialog: minutes ago “* doesn't that mean
dialog: whole Lives ahesd of Whee es
dialog: # + * Doesn't Shatmsed aeytning
dialog: seats.
text: with an effort, Deane gently pushes her aside. Any is
dialog: ghattered -
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Amy, you know Live only got 4m
dialog: hour. + qive got things to 40 wee
dialog: You stay at the potel till it's
dialog: over.
text: With bis hand at her elbew, he starts toward the door.
text: Amy holds ner ground.
speaker_heading: AME
dialog: No) You're asking me to wait an
dialog: nour to find out if Ita going to
dialog: be a vite or a widow, and I say
dialog: it's too long to wait; I won't
dialog: do itt
dialog: 80. {You want me, ‘Will, of you wouldn't have
dialog: married me. - TE you love me, Will~}
speaker_heading: J
speaker_heading: —) TT Ml
dialog: wl
dialog: om mp coe
speaker_heading: 771
dialog: <a)
dialog: prowmieo —
dialog: .
dialog: 4
dialog: ya
dialog: nos momo il
dialog: a
dialog: r
dialog: u
dialog: so
dialog: ao Ml
dialog: ti,
dialog: 61-
dialog: 63.
dialog: 65~
dialog: 6,
dialog: High Noon 65
dialog: (stunned )
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: IT know <= you think I’m just
dialog: Saying tt - because I'm engry.
dialog: But Iomean it: If you won't go vith
dialog: me now -~ I'll be om that train
dialog: when it leaves here...
text: Their ayes meet ami hold.
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: (finally)
dialog: I've got to stay, Amy...
text: Amy tries to mask her hurt. Chin high, she moves past
text: him to the door, and cut. Doane stares after her a
text: moment, then follows her out.
text: EXT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Judge Mettrick is tying his horse
text: to the hitching rail as Amy emerges. Too blinded by tears
text: of hurt and anger to see bim, she climbs into the buckbeard.
text: Mettrick looks on impassively, first at Amy end then at
text: Deane vhen the Marshal comes cut. The two men vatch as
text: Amy turns the horses toward the station and whips them
text: out of scene. Then, as Mettrick takes down his saddle-
text: bags, Deane comes toward him, his face Lightening with
dialog: vralisr.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: T'm glad you got here, Perce...
dialog: (Cevenly)
dialog: Are you?
text: Carrying the bags, he walks deliberately cast Doane and
text: tate the office. Surprised, Deane follows him.
text: I¥T. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Mettrick strides quickly across
text: the room inte the courtroom. Doane continues after hin,
dialog: puszled,.
text: INT, COURTROOM. Mattrick goes to the desk that serves
text: as the bench, and quickly begins to stuff the saddle-
dialog: 68 High Noon
text: bags with papers, nis gavel, and other belongings.
text: During the course of the scene, he will also pack bis
dialog: legal books, and vuen the bags ere full he vill stack
text: end tin the remainder of his books vith rawhide thongs.
text: Watehing from the doorvay, Doane stares at him vith
text: sick understanding. Mettrick is very much aware or
text: Deane's eyes on bin. Finally, he pauses in his work.
speaker_heading: METERICK
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Are you forgetting I'm the man who
dialog: pavsed sentence on Guy Jordan?
text: Deane shakes © mumbly. Mettrick resumes his
text: nurried pac’
speaker_heading: METTRICK
dialog: You shouldn't have come back. It
dialog: was stupid. --
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: I figured T ned to. I figured it
dialog: was better to stay.
speaker_heading: METIRICK
dialog: You figured wrong.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: I can deputize a posse. Ten,
dialog: twelve guns is all I'd need.
speaker_heading: METIRICK
dialog: My intuition tells me otherwise.
speaker_heading: DOAKE
dialog: Why?
text: Mettrick looks up at the well clock. It ta seven
dialog: minutes to eleven.
speaker_heading: METIRICK
dialog: (ettterly)
dialog: ‘There's no time for « lesson
dialog: in civics, ay boy.
text: On the wall behind the bench are an American flag of
dialog: the period and « picture ef Justice, with scales end
text: blindfold. The Judge goes to then and starts to
dialog: "]
dialog: }
dialog: ayn 3 Boa
dialog: mos) s 2a me eo
dialog: mi
dialog: 4
dialog: “4
dialog: av
dialog: “to mom
speaker_heading: ES
dialog: 4!
dialog: oe
dialog: High Noon 67
dialog: take down and fold up the flag. Almost helplesaly,
text: he begins to talk,
speaker_heading: METTRICK
dialog: (taking down the flag)
dialog: Tn the fifth century 5.C., the
dialog: citizens of Athens -- having
dialog: suffered grievously under a
dialog: tyrant -- managed to depose and
dialog: banish him. However, vhen ne
dialog: returned after some years vith
dialog: an army of mercenaries, these
dialog: same citizens not only opened
text: the gates to him, but stood by
dialog: while he executed the senbers
dialog: of the legal government. . . . A
dialog: similar thing took place about
dialog: eight yeers ago in a town called
dialog: Indian Falls. I escaped death
dialog: only through the intercession of
dialog: & lady of somewhat dubious reputa-
dialog: tion, and at the cost of « handsoue
dialog: Ting that once belonged to ay
dialog: mother...
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: Unfortunately, I have no more rings...
text: Ee has neatly folded up the flag by sow and hes placed
text: it im one of the saddlebegs. He turns to the picture
dialog: of Justice emi takes it down.
speaker_heading: DOARE,
dialog: But you're a judge -~
speaker_heading: METIRICK
dialog: T've been « judge many tines in
dialog: many towns. I hope to
dialog: be a judge again.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (giving up)
dialog: Tean't tall you what todo...
dialog: (nershiy)
dialog: Will, why must you be such a feol!
dialog: Have you forgotten whet he is? Have
dialog: you forgotten what he's done to people?
dialog: 68 High Noon
dialog: 69.
dialog: Ta-
dialog: Th.
speaker_heading: MEDTRICK (Cont'd. )
dialog: Have you forgotten that he's crazy?
text: He points to the vacant chair near the defense table.
dialog: Don't you remember vhen he sat in
dialog: that chair there and said «=
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- VACANT CHAIR
dialog: You'll never hang me! I'i1 be
dialog: back! I'LL kiln you, Deane!
dialog: T swear tt, I'll i212 you!
text: BACK TO SCENE. Doane and Mettrick stare at each other,
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Yeah... . Iremember . . ,
text: railroad track, end the shards and splinters tumble and
text: glitter in the sunlight. ‘Then the CAMERA TILTS UP to
text: REVEAL Jordan, Pierce and Colby in the b.g, Colby is
text: staring at the broken glasa vith childlike interest.
text: Pierce is scowling angrily at Milt, who is looking
text: innocently off.
scene_heading: Ont. STATIONMASTER'S OFFICE —- AMY AND THE STATTONMASTER.
text: Separated by the counter, they are both Staring through
text: the window at the three man on the platforn outside,
text: Amy vith fascinated loathing, the Stationmaster worried.
text: Then they exchange a quiet look, and the Stationmaster
text: goes back to what he has been doing. He stamps Amy's
text: ticket end hands it to her.
dialog: (soberly)
dialog: Here you are, ma'am. This'LL
dialog: take you to St. Louis...
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: —] 7] BH TT
dialog: Oo =) In
speaker_heading: wR
dialog: a4
dialog: ai
dialog: of
dialog: 17)
dialog: al
dialog: =a
dialog: 6
dialog: in ay) Gel
dialog: a
speaker_heading: KOON oe Ee RIK
dialog: al
dialog: all
dialog: High Noon 69
text: She starts to turn away to sit down, then realizes that
dialog: abe will have to share the station with Jordan, Pierce
text: end Colby for the next hour. The Stationmaster senses
dialog: her predicament.
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: Maybe you'd rather vait somewheres
dialog: else, ma'am? Like at the hotel,
dialog: maybe. We'll get three whistles if
dialog: the train's going to stop, and you'll
dialog: have plenty of time te get down here.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Te the train stops?
speaker_heading: STA:
dialog: (he 1s embarrassed)
dialog: Yes, ma'am. It don't always,
dialog: Little town Like this. I'd
dialog: hate to tell you how many tines
dialog: she's just run right through ay
dialog: flag, ‘specially if she's late.
dialog: But she will stop to let off
dialog: passengers. . -
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Tsee. .. . Thank you...
text: She turns and starts cut.
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: t'u awful sorry about thia, Mrs.
dialog: Doane. . . . Bat the Marshal can handle
dialog: himself alright.
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Thank you very much...
text: She goes cut of scene.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATFORM -- GROUP SHOT == JORDAN, PIERCE AND COLSY.
text: Milt ts looking off, and when Amy appears in the b.¢.
text: and goes to the buckboard, he follows her with bis eyes.
dialog: 70 High Noon
speaker_heading: MILT
dialog: (Lightly)
dialog: That wasn't here five years
speaker_heading: PIERCE
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: MILT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Rothing. ... Yet... . Maybe...
text: His smile broadens as Pierce's irritation mounts, and
text: he continues to vatch Amy until she is cut of sight.
text: INT, HELEN RAMIREZ’ SITTING ROOM. The table has been
text: set, and Helen and Harvey are eating breakfast. Helen
text: Looks at the clock. It is five ainutes to eleven,
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Don't you think Doane will ve
dialog: looking for you about now?
speaker_heading: EARVEY
dialog: (carelesaly)
dialog: Yeah...
text: He continues eating. Helen watches hin.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: You're really sore at him...
dialog: (paustog)
dialog: Wouldn't you te, if you vere ne?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I suppose I would -~ if I were you...
text: Harvey looks at ber, not quite certain of her meaning.
text: an he goes back to bis food. Helen resumes cating.
text: eat in silence for e vhile. Then an idea begins
text: grow in him, and be smiles suddenly. He wipes his
text: mouth and pushes away from the table.
speaker_heading: B
dialog: a8
dialog: am
speaker_heading: oN)
dialog: neo >
dialog: m7
speaker_heading: Tv
dialog: ™ 2
dialog: Sa)
dialog: a3
dialog: WY a oy oma
dialog: 
dialog: 1 3
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: TS.
dialog: 80-
dialog: 81.
dialog: High Noon 71
speaker_heading: BARVEY
dialog: T'lL be back in a while --
text: Grinning now, he gets his bet end goes. Helen Looks
text: etter him speculatively.
text: IVT. HALL. Harvey comes out of the reom, Down the
text: hall Sam's door ts open, and Sem can be seen sitting
text: quiet guard in the doorvay. He Looks at Harvey with-
text: out expression and without warmth or Liking. Sut
dialog: Harvey is too pleased with himself? to care, Whistling
text: softly, he goes to the stairs.
text: I¥T, STAIRWAY -~ as Harvey comes down the stairs.
text: INT. LOBBY. ‘The Hotel Clerc watches Harvey come down,
text: cross the Lobby end go cut.
text: EXT. HOTEL. Harvey comes out and walks down the street.
text: Two SMALL BOYS in their Sunday best run into the scene,
dialog: to Harvey,
speaker_heading: FIRST SOY
dialog: Hey Harvey -~ |
text: Harvey turns to see them, grins.
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: You gonna shoot it out with Guy
dialog: Jordan, Harvey? Are you?
speaker_heading: FIRST 2oOY
dialog: You gonna kill him, Harvey?
speaker_heading: BARVEY
dialog: (ruffling his hair)
dialog: T sure am.
text: Amy's buckboard clatters into the scene and past. Harvey,
text: puzzled, vatches her stop before she hotel and climb down.
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: (tugging at Hervey’s shirt)
dialog: Hey, Harvey -~
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Go on, go on, you ought to be -
dialog: in chureh += the both of you.
dialog: oe
dialog: 72. High Noon
text: He throws & final look at the hotel, which Amy has entered,
text: and walks off.
text: 82- tyr. HOTEL LOBBY <- at desk. ‘The Clerk is staring at Amy.
dialog: 7
dialog: 7) mi
dialog: 83.
dialog: Ay
dialog: May T wait here for the neon
dialog: train?
dialog: {as the Clerk continues
dialog: to stare at her)
dialog: t said may T wait in the Lobby
dialog: antil neon?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (unabashed)
dialog: Sure, Lady.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (sursing away)
dialog: ‘Thank you.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: You're Mrs. Doane, ain't you?
speaker_heading: AM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: And you're Leaving oD the noon
dialog: train?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CLERK.
dialog: (skepticably)
dialog: But your husband ain't?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (seudying bin)
dialog: Fo. Way?
speaker_heading: CLERK
speaker_heading: (eooLly)
dialog: No reason. But it's aignty
dialog: interesting. - + ¢ How me, IT vouldna't
dialog: Leave this town at noon for all
dialog: a
speaker_heading: H
dialog: ‘
dialog: ,onua moe
dialog: a
dialog: os
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: pamnwo 4
dialog: eee
speaker_heading: “ TS tl
dialog: ail
dialog: am
dialog: a,
dialog: it
dialog: 3 a
dialog: mo
speaker_heading: mJ
speaker_heading: Bi
dialog: Bigh Noon 73
speaker_heading: CLERK (Conc 'd.)
dialog: the taa in China.
dialog: (ne smiles vindictively)
dialog: Ro sir. It's going to be quite
dialog: e sight to see...
text: Amy stares at bim, puzzled by bis hostility, then goes
text: to a chair near the window.
text: gue EXT, MARSHAL'S OFFICE -- at hitching rail. Doane vatches
text: 86. the Judge make bis saddlebags and books secure. Mattrick
text: aives the strape a final tug, hesitates, then turns to
dialog: face Doane.
speaker_heading: METTRICK
dialog: Goodby, Will...
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: Goodby...
text: Mettrick is horribly ashamed. Ooane tries to hide his
text: own sick, still somewhat dazed, shock and disappointment.
scene_heading: MEYTRICK.
dialog: You think I'm letting you down,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MEYTRICE
dialog: Look, this is just a dirty little
text: village in the middle of nowhere.
dialog: Nothing that heppens here is
dialog: really important... . Get aut!
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: There isn't time...
speaker_heading: MEDTRICK
dialog: (staring at him)
dialog: What a vaste...
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Geed luck.
text: He turns, mounts, rides off. Doane locks after him a
text: moment, then turns to go into his office. He sees a
dialog: cee oe
dialog: ee ee
dialog: 74 High Noon
text: Boy of about fifteen who has been Lounging curiously
text: nearby, trying to overhear.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (calling bim)
dialog: Johnny -*
text: Johnny comes over to him. His wide eyes make it obvious
dialog: that he knows what (s going on.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Why aren't you in church?
speaker_heading: SORRY
dialog: Why ain't you?
text: Doane raises his arm in a mck threat, then drops it.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: De something for me. Find Joe
dialog: Henderson, Mart Hove and Sen
dialog: Fuller, amd tell ‘em T vant ‘em
dialog: here. And then go find Harve
dialog: Pall --
speaker_heading: HARVEY'S VOICE
dialog: Don't have to do that -~ here I
text: Deane's face Lights up ae he curns and sees Harvey
text: approaching thes. Johnny takes off. Deane senses
dialog: that Harvey needs 10 explanation.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (with gruff varnth)
dialog: Where you bean?
speaker_heading: HARVET
dialog: (Lightly)
dialog: psy.
text: Doane is able to smile. He knows what being ‘busy’
dialog: usually seans for Tarvey, and even at this moment
dialog: his paternal feeling for the younger man can break
text: through the situation. then he sobers.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: You know what's doing?
speaker_heading: “Y
dialog: co
speaker_heading: L
dialog: mm) Ca >
dialog: cn
dialog: a
dialog: i
speaker_heading: ~T
dialog: th,
speaker_heading: 73 Ww
speaker_heading: i441
dialog: ,auw one 1
dialog: to
dialog: \
speaker_heading: J
dialog: ~
dialog: ca my
speaker_heading: 18S ia
dialog: SS Tom bd 1.
dialog: hi
dialog: Ha starts to
dialog: High Noon 75
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Come on. Lots todo...
text: go into the office, but Harvey stops him
text: gently and leans against the door jamb.
text: He starts in
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Hold up a second.
dialog: {as Doane stares
dialog: at him)
dialog: This ain't really your job, you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (almost absently)
dialog: That's what everybody keeps telling
speaker_heading: MO. ee
text: again, but Harvey bars ois vay with his arm.
speaker_heading: BARVEY
dialog: Yeah, but when I tell you it
dialog: means something. So you can
dialog: Liaten a second.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (aumoring him)
dialog: Alright, I'm listening.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Now, the way I see it, if you'd
dialog: gone, and with the new marshal
dialog: not due till tomorrow, I'd be
dialog: in charge around here. Right?
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: BARVEY
dialog: Well, tell me this then. If I'm
dialog: goed enough to hold down the job
dialog: woen there's trouble, how come
dialog: the city fathers didn't trust me
dialog: with it permanent?
dialog: 78 High Noon
dialog: 87-
dialog: 89.
text: Doane stares at hin, veginning to be disturbed .
speaker_heading: DOASE
dialog: T don't know.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: (thinly)
dialog: Don't you?
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: (flatiy)
dialog: Ko.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: That's funny. I figured you
dialog: carried @ lot of veight.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Maybe they didn't ask me... - Maybe
dialog: they thought you vere too young.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: You think I'm too young, too?
text: Desne's irritation and bis Liking for Harvey struggle
text: with each other. His Liking wins.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: You gure act Like it sometimes!
dialog: Coma on:
text: Grabbing Harvey, he stoves him inside ehead of him.
text: TNT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Deane propels Harvey into the room.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: (ertumphantly)
dialog: Now here's what I want you to do,
dialog: WLLL. When the old boys come, you
dialog: tell ‘em you vant me to be Marshal,
dialog: amd tomorrow they can tell the new
dialog: man they're sorry but the job's
dialog: filled.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: You really mean it, don't you?
dialog: ~
dialog: iy
dialog: a
dialog: Ty
dialog: n =
dialog: a
dialog: a |
dialog: wil
dialog: ,aomMaamnoa hs
text: aT.
dialog: =) Bi
speaker_heading: AW =I
dialog: ~ sine 4
dialog: (on 7
speaker_heading: —
dialog: a
dialog: a 4
dialog: sas
dialog: ™
dialog: High Noon 77
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Well, Ican't do it,
dialog: Wey not?
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: If you don't koow, there's no
dialog: use me telling you.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: You mean you won't do it,
text: Doane locks at him helplessly, then turns avay from him
text: and goes toward the desk. The clock on the wall resda
text: One minute to eleven.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Have it your vay...
dialog: (flaring)
dialog: Alright. The truth ts you probably
dialog: talked against ne from the start.
dialog: You been sore ebout me and Belen
dialog: Ramirez right along, ain't you?
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You amt Helen Ramirez? [ don't --
dialog: (ne begins tc
dialog: understand )
dialog: T% so happens I didn't knew, and
dialog: it don't mean anything to me one
dialog: way or ancther. You ought to
dialog: lnow that.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Yeah? You been vashed up for
dialog: more than a year == you go out
dialog: and get yoursel? married -- only
dialog: you can't stand anybody taicing
dialog: your place there, can you?
dialog: Papecially ne!
dialog: 73 High Noon
dialog: ar
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (overwhelmed )
dialog: You're <=
text: He cannot find vords. He turns and looks at the clock.
text: a Tt ig two minutes after eleven.
dialog: oL.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: T haven't got time, Harvey...
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Okay: Then Let's get down to
dialog: business. You want me to stick,
dialog: you gut the werd in for me Like
dialog: I said.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Sure. I vant you to stick, tut
dialog: I'm not buying it. It's got to
dialog: be up to you...
text: They look at each other as if across a chasn. Harvey
text: sees that Doane means it, He cannot quite believe it,
text: but he {a committed now. He goes to the desk, takes
text: off his gun belt and badge, guts them down, turns and
text: goes cut. Doane stares after him, sick at heart.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE -- MED. LONG SHOT -- on Two Riders
text: galloping single-file toward CAMERA.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE. ‘The Two Riders near the CAMERA, The
text: Man in front (ED PETERSON) reins up. ‘he other rider,
text: who vears a star, pulls up beside him. This {s TOY,
text: Boane's second deputy. Toby Looks at Peterson warily.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: How about resting a minuta?
speaker_heading: TORY
dialog: I'm in a hurry.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: I ain't.
dialog: q
dialog: —_
speaker_heading: AMO mw
dialog: If 7) af! a ona
dialog: ma
dialog: r
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon 79
speaker_heading: TORY
dialog: Dimov. . . . Goldarn you, I ought
dialog: to be kissing « bride about
text: now instead of riding herd on
dialog: a ween old polecat Like you.
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: Come om °= how about @ smoke?
text: He raises bis arms, end ve see now that his wrists are
text: bound by a rawhide thong.
dialog: Tor
dialog: You gonna be @ good toy?
speaker_heading: PETERSON
dialog: You know ae, Toby.
speaker_heading: TORY
dialog: Sure, Iinew you...
text: He takes cut a knife ami cuts the leather strap. Feterson
text: -reaches for his tobacco.
speaker_heading: ‘TORY
dialog: Make it a quick one. I want to
dialog: get to that wedding before it's
dialog: over.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: DOME, ZELEN'S FRONT ROCM -- CLOSE SHOT -- EARVEY. He is
text: red-faced, baffled. ‘There is the o.s. soumi of Zelen's
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: What's so funny?
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to INCTODE Helen. She pulls herself
dialog: together somewhat.
speaker_heading: EeLey
dialog: You didn't really think you could
dialog: pot that over on Doane, did you?
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Why not?
dialog: 80 High Noon
speaker_heading: EeLay
dialog: When are you going to grow up?
speaker_heading: HARVEX
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I'm getting tired cf that cing
dialog: of talk.
dialog: seu
dialog: (Lightly)
dialog: Then grow up.
text: Harvey is ineressingly irritated ani cemfused under the
text: goad of the almost materwal pity in her Lacghter end
dialog: manner.
speaker_heading: SARVET
dialog: Cat 16 owt!
dialog: Sete
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Alright...
text: She pats bis cheek placatingly, tut Harvey shoves her
text: hand away. Under her level Look, he starts to pece
dialog: angrily.
speaker_heading: BAHVET
dialog: Way shouldn't be bave gone for
dialog: itt He needs oe. He'll need
dialog: me plenty when Jordan gets here.
dialog: (watehing him)
dialog: That's possible.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: He should've had se made marshal
dialog: to begin with. He's just sere, is
dialog: all. He's sore about you and ae.
speaker_heading: ERLaN
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: Is he?
dialog: Sore, ,,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Hb
speaker_heading: AWE
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: tad He
dialog: He AS Se
dialog: do fed
dialog: High Noon 81
dialog: 
dialog: a Senay
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: - You told him?
speaker_heading: # EARVEY
dialog: ~ (amaware of his danger)
dialog: if Sure.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: > (with controlled rage)
dialog: go Tou'te a fool.
speaker_heading: ¢ EARVET
dialog: C (reacting to her tone)
dialog: —_ Way? Didn’t you want him to knew? . . .
dialog: (with a blind impulse
dialog: & to burt ner)
dialog: _ Say, who did the valking out anyway,
dialog: you or hin?
speaker_heading: eC
speaker_heading: we EaLEy
dialog: (flatly) :
dialog: Get cat, Harvey. -
text: Harvey begins to reelize that he has meade a fatal blunder.
speaker_heading: — EARVEY
dialog: a Iomight just do that.
speaker_heading: SELEY
dialog: (amd she means it)
dialog: Taen do it.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: You don't mean that.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You think not?
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: (vegimning to
dialog: bluster)
dialog: You're going to talk different
dialog: when Guy Jordan. getz in. You
dialog: aight want somebody around you
dialog: when you're explaining to hin
dialog: about Deane.
dialog: 
dialog: 82 High Noon
speaker_heading: SELEy
dialog: TI can take care of aysalr.
speaker_heading: SARVED
dialog: Sure. Only from what I've heard,
dialog: you aight not be sco pretty when
dialog: he gata through with you.
text: Belen Looks at him vith cold disgust, then goes to the
text: the door amd opens it.
speaker_heading: BARVES
dialog: (nis Last attempt)
dialog: T won't be back.
speaker_heading: ELEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Good.
text: He slams the door as he gces. Alone, Helen paces the
text: Theor. Ske looks at the clock. It is five after eleven.
text: She comes to « decision, goes to the decr, opens it.
text: DWP. HALL. In his roca, Sam looks up as Helen's door
text: opens.
speaker_heading: EELEY
dialog: Sem <=
text: Te rises end goes to her.
speaker_heading: HeLa
dialog: IT think I have to talk to Mr,
dialog: Weaver...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're getting out?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yea.
text: He considers her answer, accepts it.
speaker_heading: gAM
dialog: You want me to give Doane a
dialog: band? .
text: Helen thinks it over, almost but not quite disguising her
dialog: fa
dialog: bea bed Us
dialog: Pig
dialog: sil
dialog: tt
dialog: fa
speaker_heading: wa BH. ee
dialog: a Gd
speaker_heading: LM
dialog: Led
dialog: mh
dialog: ere
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Cx
dialog: a
dialog: . "7
dialog: m1
dialog: rs
dialog: ar
dialog: 
dialog: _-—_—
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: LOL.
dialog: Bigh Noon
text: inner struggle. Then she cakes ber decision.
dialog: (ftatly)
dialog: Bo.
text: Sam neds, turns and goes.
text: DWT. HELEN'S FRONT ROGM, She shuts the door, stands there
text: @ moment, thinking, then valks unhurriedly toward her
text: bedroom. CAMERA PANS WITH her. Reflected in her dresser
text: mirror, we can see her beginning to change.
text: INT. MARSEAL'S OFFICE. Deane is at bis desk, lost in
text: thought. There is the SOUND of his door opening, end ~
text: he jerks {oto awareness and turns. A solidly~built,
text: normally pleasent-Llocking, Man now scowling with
text: indignation is coming in. His name is BAKER.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Will -- I just beard < |
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Hello, Herb ~~
speaker_heading: SAKER
dialog: You can count cn me. You know
dialog: that, don't you?
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (bis spirits rising).
dialog: I figured I could.
speaker_heading: TAEER
dialog: Wey, you cleaned this town up -~
dialog: you mmie it fit for women end
dialog: children to Live in, ani neither
dialog: Jordan or nobody else is going
dialog: to drag it down again:
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: T was hoping people'd feel that
dialog: way...
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Whaat other way is there?
dialog: {as Doane shrugs)
speaker_heading: VEY
dialog: we ww
dialog: 
dialog: 0
dialog: a 84 High Noon
speaker_heading: BAKER (Cont'd. )
dialog: How matty men you got lined up?
speaker_heading: | DOANE
dialog: . . None, yet...
dialog: c
text: : Baker looks at the clock. It is seven after eleven.
speaker_heading: . BAKER
dialog: , You tetter get gcing, aan.
dialog: oa (he starts out)
dialog: ’ T'lL be back in ten aimtes -—~
dialog: (he grins)
dialog: , ~~ loaded for bear. . -
text: ' Deane looks after him, touched and encouraged. He looks
text: , up at the clock, then frowns as be remembers bis scene
text: : with Herve Pell. He takes a wanted poster from « desk
text: drawer, and on its back he writes:
dialog: '
dialog: ' "RACK IN FIVE “-
text: 7 He props this up on his desk, end goes out.
text: : 102. EXT. SALOON. Hervey Pell, still seething, strides toward
text: ' the saloon. He passes Tro Indians lounging tefore the
dialog: ‘ - saloon, end ques in.
text: 103, TNT. SALOON. It 1s crowled now, with an almost holiday
text: atmosphere. Harvey comes in ent gces to the ber. His
text: entrance gains considerable ettenticn. Sowe of the Men
text: 4 ned, amd Harvey returns the gesture briefly. The Bar~
text: tender comes to him vith a bottle and glass, ani Harvey
text: pours himself ea drink. Gillis, the owner, leaves the
text: group he is vith end comes over to the ber next to
text: Harvey. Harvey ignores him es be drinks.
dialog: Hi, Harve =
speaker_heading: - HARVEY
dialog: ~ cris ~-
dialog: Where's the tin star?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: wT
speaker_heading: —
dialog: ar!
dialog: di
dialog: ti
dialog: aby
dialog: ea
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: pe
dialog: ry
dialog: ies
dialog: Ba
dialog: 3) tu
dialog: wut
dialog: a
dialog: * High Noon 85
dialog: =
speaker_heading: °e EARVET
dialog: IToturned tt in, I quit...
dialog: oe
speaker_heading: i GILLIS
dialog: | -_ Smart move,
speaker_heading: wad EARVED
dialog: I didn't ask for your opinion.
text: He takes the bottle and moves to a vacant table.
text: Gillis looks after him wisely.
dialog: 
text: 104. EXT, STREET. Doane walks steadily toward the hotel. ‘The
text: oF street seems empty except for him, but Doane has the feeling
dialog: ee that eyes are vatching hin.
text: SS 105. Dvt. ROOM OVERLOOKING STREET. A Men amd « Woman, tovaspecple,
text: be, are locking out of the window at Doane as he passes.
dialog: t
scene_heading: : o 106. Ext. STREST -~- TRUCK SHOT. WITH Doane. ‘The Two Little Boys
text: Gs we have seen before dash into the scene, one in pursuit
text: 1 be of the cther. The pursuer ertends his arm amd shoots.
dialog: - Bang: Beng! <= You're dead,
dialog: Doane! . . .
text: aa He turns end runs headlong into Doane, vio holds ani
text: ' steadies him. The Boy Looks up end recognizes Doane.
text: id His mouth goes wide in dazed panic. ‘Then he jerks out
text: ¢€ of Doane's grasp and runs svay, es the other ioy disappears
text: . es well. Deane continues up the street.
scene_heading: & LOT. Ext, DEPOI -- JORDAN, FIERCE AND COLSY. Colby is playing
text: = a western folk tune on his harmonica. Milt takes a deep
text: drag cf bis cigarette, then flipa the butt sway sharply
text: ‘ z amd gets to his feet. Pierce vatches hin narrowly.
dialog: sa Milt stretches.
dialog: = sour
dialog: aa You know what? Think I'll go
dialog: ~ get some Liquor.
speaker_heading: ee PIERCE
dialog: te You have to have it?
speaker_heading: - MELT
dialog: ee Yep.
dialog: |
dialog: 4
dialog: \' =
dialog: - 38 High Noon
dialog: If you're going after that
speaker_heading: MILT
dialog: I said I was going for liquor...
text: Ee starts to walk avay.
speaker_heading: PIERCE
dialog: t You keep away from Doane! ...
dialog: . Mar
dialog: Sure... . Dean wait...
text: He saunters cx.
dialog: 
text: 108. EXT HOTEL, 4s Deane nears the hotel, he sees the
text: - Duckboamt hitched before it. His face brightens
text: ami bis pace quickens.
text: 1L0g= DMT. HOTEL LOESY. Amy, sitting near the vindov, sees
text: iho. Doane apgreaching. Believing he is coming to her, she
text: is overjoyed. Rising, she hurries to the door, and is
text: there waiting for him when he comes in. Doane takes
text: har arms im his happily.
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: By
speaker_heading: : DOAZE
dialog: oC : Amy, you changed your mind --
text: Amy stares up at him, the Joy ebbing cut of her eyes as
text: she begins to understand him. She disengsges her arns.
dialog: . (duly)
dialog: I'd thought you had changed
dialog: yours... . Bo, Will, I have ay S
dialog: bdokeat 2... eS
speaker_heading: DOANE =
dialog: (Coreught down) -”
dialog: . Tae... -_
dialog: He locks at ber, bis disappointuent suldenly boiling =
text: over into anger, then turns from her and goes toward a
text: : the desk. The Clerk 1s leaning on it, watching hin .
dialog: come. There is no sympathy in bis eyes. As Doane =
text: nears the desk, an Elderly Chambermaid comes in with Bs
dialog: ta
dialog: High Noon &7 |
dialog: =
text: 7 mop and pail, and reaches the dask at the same tine
text: as he does. Ignoring Doane, the Clerk gets « key
text: ~— and tosses it on the counter toward the Chambermaid.
dialog: =
speaker_heading: = CLERK
dialog: Open 19, end clean it up goad.
dialog: ae (deltverately)
dialog: ioe Me. Jordan's very particular...
text: Ve Ag ahe takes the key end goes, be Looks at Doane calmly.
text: yoo Deane's face tightens.
dialog: al _
speaker_heading: ¢ DOARE
dialog: E Helen Ramirez in?
dialog: a
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Guess a. .
dialog: 
text: Doane looks at him, turns and goes to the stairs.
dialog: 9
dialog: sO (meaningly) |
dialog: Think you can find it alright?
text: Doane doemn't answer. He starts up the stairs. The -
text: Clerk grins. Amy 1s watching Deane as he goes, puzzled.
text: lu. TNT, STAIRWAY -- om Doene es he mounts the stairs.
dialog: 2
text: = . TT, HALL -- on Doane as he comes to the landing and
text: , = goes to Helen's door. He knocks.
text: ~ 13. THT, HELEN'S HEDROOM. She is packing as she hears
dialog: r Doane's knock.
dialog: be
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: rc Come --
text: Ls. ‘UND. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM -- as Doane enters, looks around,
text: sees no cme, waits.
text: us. ‘TT.. HELEN'S HEDROCH. She stops, puzzled, then goes
text: to the front reoa.
text: Lé- TY, HELEN'S FRONT ROCM, Helen enters the room, stops
text: 9. short as she sees Doane. ‘Their eyes mest and hold. The
text: silent tension grows, seeming to fill the room as with
text: le an explosive gas. It is Helen vho breaks the silence.
dialog: 
dialog: ~
dialog: 88 High Noon
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: Doane hes pean waiting patiently for the stern to subside.
speaker_heading: ‘DOANE
dialog: (gently) -
dialog: 5 came to tell you be was coming. -
dialog: I shoold've ftigared you'd know
dialog: about it.
dialog: etan wan poileh bereel togueber, angry eat aenenl TSE
dialog: nerself.
dialog: res
dialog: ZT ow about it.
dialog: (quietty)
dialog: Tia not efraia of bin.
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: t know you'rs not, but you kiow
dialog: now he is.
dialog: 
dialog: ea)
dialog: ba Bie
speaker_heading: RIA
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon 8
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (aully)
dialog: I mow how he is. . -
dialog: 
text: She turns away frou him, gees to the vindew. ‘They are
dialog: veth atlent for « moment.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: , (without hope)
dialog: Maybe be doesn't know. . -
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: He probably got letters.
speaker_heading: BELED
dialog: Probably...
text: (she smiles without
dialog: bumer) —*
dialog: Nothing in life is tree... - Ta
dialog: getting out -- I’m packing nov.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 1 DOANE
dialog: i - That's good.
text: He hesitates, then turns to the door. Hearing him, she
text: ‘corns. Again, their eyes ceet and hold. |
dialog: Tra rea.
speaker_heading: HELE
dialog: (45 Spanish)
dialog: Te's been more than @ year. - -
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (also in Spanish)
dialog: Yes. Iimmow...-
text: There is a pause. ‘Then, unable to help herself. Helen
text: goes on, still in Spenish.
speaker_heading: BELEN
dialog: De you vent to kiss me goedby?
dialog: (pat as Deane hesitates,
text: she cuts in sharply, io
dialog: English)
dialog: Never mind! Goodby...
dialog: rye yaa &
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Goodbye, Helen. - -
dialog: 90 Bigh Noon
text: Be turns to she door egain.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (flathy)
dialog: Doane =~
dialog: - (ag he Looks at her)
dialog: If you're smart, you'll get out
dialog: yourselt.
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: Tecan't.
dialog: Seay
dialog: T didn’t think you vould.
text: He goes cut. Helen stares after him. For a moment her
text: heart and soul are in her eyes, going efter hin.
speaker_heading: RELEN
dialog: (to herself, in Spanish)
dialog: De you vent to cise me goodby . . . 7
text: She grimaces with self-contempt. Then, herself again,
text: she turns ani goes to her bedrood.
text: 120. DMD, HOTEL LOBBY. Amy, back at the wimiow, end the
text: Clerk, bebind the desk, listen to Deane's footsteps
dialog: as be comes down th
dialog: 
text: Clers takes his vatch out, checks {t with the clock,
text: leoks at Rim, then turns end goes to the door. As he
text: passes her, Amy averts her heed. Without breaking stride,
text: Doane goes out.
text: Lal. WO, SALOON. Milt Jordan approaches the saloon and
text: goes inside.
scene_heading: 122. TR. SALOON. The mmm cf conversation and cards
text: stops as the oen recognize Milt. Unconcerned, be
text: gees to the ber, takes out a silver dollar.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (obsequicusly)
dialog: How are you, Milt?
speaker_heading: MILT
dialog: Alright. Give ae a bottle.
text: ateps. Ag he reaches the Landing,
text: his eyes go to the clock. It is Li:LL. Deliberately, the
text: apparently adjusts it and then starts to wim it. Dosne
dialog: 
dialog: Ves
speaker_heading: BM) i
dialog: 4
dialog: 4
dialog: y
speaker_heading: eh FP
dialog: pl
dialog: ies BA
speaker_heading: eB Be
dialog: iad
dialog: 7
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: thes
dialog: ae
dialog: \e
dialog: ‘ie
dialog: =o
dialog: es
dialog: 
dialog: 123.
dialog: High Noon 91
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Sure thing:
text: He turus avay to get one. Gillis has sidled up to
dialog: the bar.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: It's been a long time, Milt!
text: Milt looks at him dryly.
speaker_heading: GILLIs
dialog: Yes, sir! .. . How's Guy?
text: The Bartender returns vith the bottle.
speaker_heading: MILT
text: He's not complaining.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (jertally)
dialog: Well, there'll be a hot tine io
dialog: the old town tonight, bey, Milt?
text: Milt looks at him, then grins suddenly.
dialog: Mar
dialog: T wouldn't be surprised.
text: INT. HOTEL LOBBY. Amy is still at the window, her face
text: wirroring her inner struggle. Then, giving in, she
text: turna and goes to the desk. The Clerk waits ccolly for
text: her approach.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (trying to cover her
dialog: enbarrasnent)
dialog: May I ask you semething?
speaker_heading: CLERE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: AMT
dialog: Who is Miss Ramirez?
speaker_heading: CLERK.
dialog: (enjoying himself)
dialog: Mes. Ramirez. . . . She used to be a
dialog: 92 High Noon
dialog: 12k.
dialog: ws.
speaker_heading: CLERK (Cone'd.)
dialog: triem of your busbend's « while
dialog: back. Before that, she was a
dialog: friend of Guy Jordan's . . .
dialog: Aur
dialog: (att balance)
dialog: Tsee. .. . Thank you ~
text: (she starts to go back
dialog: to her place, stops)
dialog: You <= don't Like ay husband, do
dialog: yout
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: No.
dialog: ae
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Lota of reasons. . . . One thing, this
dialog: place ves elvays tusy vhen Guy
dialog: Jordan vas arouxi. I'm not the
dialog: . only one -- there's plenty pecple
dialog: arcund here think he's got «
dialog: comatippance coming. .. . You asked
dialog: me, ma'am, so I'm telling you.
dialog: ar
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: you.
text: She goes back to the window thoughtfully.
text: CLOSEUP-- CLOCK IN MARSHAL'S OFFICE. It reeds 11:16.
text: CAMERA PARS DOWN to reveal the empty room ami the
text: note still on Doane's desc. ‘Then Doane enters, looks
text: around end realizes that no one has come yet. He
text: looks up at the clock vorriedly. Then, frowning, he
text: gets the note, goes back to the door, spikes the
text: note on a omil on the cutside of the deor and goes
text: out, closing the door behind hia. -
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- TRUCK SHOT -~ DOANE -- as he comes out
text: and starts down the street. He approaches the
text: saloon, hesitates, then goes on. He changes his
text: uind, crosses the street ami goes to the saloon.
text: As he reaches the door and is about to go in, it
dialog: hey
dialog: rod
dialog: Py
dialog: od
dialog: WA obs
dialog: 4
dialog: ye
dialog: ia
dialog: 159
dialog: 
dialog: =
dialog: wh
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: Hg
dialog: aul
dialog: beg
dialog: 
dialog: |! High Noon 93
text: swings cut and Milt Jordan emerges. Both men are
text: ‘saken off balance for an instant, end then they
text: = achieve control. ‘Their eyes neld for a long moment.
text: ae een Milt's Lips curl in a confident grin. Shifting
text: nis grip om bis quart of whiskey, he turns and
text: oo deliberately valks away, whistling softly. Doane
text: i looks after him, tight-lipped, then takes a deep
text: News breath, and pushes the door open. There is a burst
text: — of laughter fron within.
text: 126- INT. SAIOGH. Doane's entrance 1s unnoticed at first
dialog: 130. except by those near the deer, Gillis is in e suall
text: group, his yack to the door.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (lewdly)
dialog: I'LL give you odds Deane's dead
dialog: five minutes after Guy gets ott
dialog: the train:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That's not mch time .. -
dialog: i . exis
dialog: ‘ That's all Guy'll need -~
dialog: because ~~
text: He becomes avare that everyone is locking past him to
text: the entrance, turns ami sees Deane standing there.
text: = The room has gone silent. Doane starts over slowly
text: Ped toward Gillis, bis face tight. He bas hed enough.
text: When he reaches Gillis, he stops, thes swings from
text: the Bip. Gillis goes down to the floor. No one moves
dialog: rae ~
text: i as he lies there a moment, then sits up dazedly, wiping
text: tm the blood from his Lips.
speaker_heading: v GILLIS
dialog: ae (thickly)
dialog: You carry a badge and a gun,
dialog: : Marshal. You had no call to
dialog: = é0 that.
dialog: 
text: - Doane slumps, suddenly and obscurely ashamed.
speaker_heading: — DOAKE
dialog: You're right...
text: He starts toward Gillis to help him up amd Two Men step
dialog: oe 94 High Noon
text: out for the same purpose. But Gillis shoves the Marshal's
text: Rroffered hand cut of the way, and lets himsel? be gelped
text: by the cthers on his feet and to a table. ‘The Bartender
text: pours a drink for him amd brings it to him. The customers
text: t wait silently for Deane to make bis move. Deana looks
text: at them. At his table near the vindov, Harvey is watching.
text: Doane’s eyas meet Harvey's, then nove away.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (to all of then)
dialog: I guess you ell know why I'n
dialog: here. Ioneed deputies. I'LL
dialog: 1 take ag many as I can get.
dialog: He waita, There is no response.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: - (mddenly)
dialog: ain't saying I'd've helped
dialog: before, but T sure ain't
dialog: now. -
dialog: ie
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (ignoring him) F
dialog: of you were special deputies
dialog: we troke this bunch. I need
dialog: egein -- now...
dialog: ‘The Men in the reow remiin silent. One or tvo seen
text: affected, but they lock at the cthers, waiting for
text: a lead. Doane veits, his heart sinking. The clock
text: ticks loudly in the silence. Doane looks at it.
text: Some of the other Men follow his eyes. It is 11:19.
dialog: anf
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: . (ttmally)
dialog: Well? 2. .
speaker_heading: MAN AT BAR
dialog: ‘Things were different then, Deane.
dialog: You hed six steady deputies to
dialog: start off vith ~ everyone a top
dialog: gua. You ain't got tut two new.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: You ain't got two, Harve Pell
dialog: here says he quit. Why?
text: Everyone turna to look at Harvey. He stares them down.
dialog: !
dialog: mod
dialog: ft
dialog: he
dialog: 4 tba
dialog: 4
dialog: fe
dialog: ob
dialog: ne
dialog: wl
dialog: s:
speaker_heading: PAM GAY 0] BY
dialog: fea By
dialog: a |
dialog: ai
dialog: Af
dialog: tt .
dialog: — High Noon 95
speaker_heading: rr DOANE
dialog: That's between the two of us.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: And vhere's Toby?
speaker_heading: DOANE
text: He's on his way in. He'll be
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: That's what you sey. You're asking
dialog: &@ lot, Deane, ell things considered . . .
text: He turns to look at a Man alone at a table, and the
text: others follow his glance. The Man at the table looks
text: up. He is bleary-eyed, an obvious alcoholic, and he
text: has a livid whipelash scar across one eye and across
dialog: bis face.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Alright, ve all know vhat Jordan's
dialog: Like. That's why I'm here. . . . How
dialog: L about it?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: £ (suddenly)
dialog: Le You must be crazy, coming in
dialog: here to raise a posse. Guy's
dialog: road got friends in this room <- you
dialog: ought to kmew that:
dialog: Bae
text: o Deane igneres him, waits. The room is silent. The
dialog: : ‘wo Men who have seemed to be disposed to join him
text: Se sbrink back among the cthers. Deane realizes there
text: a ds nothing bere. The Men watch him go in silence.
text: Es 132. 00, SALOON. The Tvo Indians have been listening from
text: the outside decor. They give vay for Doane. He cones
text: —_ out, locks across the street toward his office.
scene_heading: = 132. EXD. MARSHAL'S OFFICE-- from Doane’s point of view,
text: There are no horses at the rail, and Doane's note
text: = san be seen fluttering on the door.
dialog: Nowe
text: 133. EO? SALOON. Doane turns and starts down the street,
dialog: =
text: moving out of scene. The Indians watch bim go. The
text: Young Indian turns to the Older Indian and looks at
text: him inquiringly. The Older Man shrugs.
dialog: ta
dialog: +
dialog: 94 High Noon
speaker_heading: L3he
dialog: 136.
dialog: 139.
dialog: ibd.
dialog: wh.
text: TNT. CHURCH. [It is well-filled, and the choir -— composed.
text: of six Men and six Women -- is singing a hymm. Sam comes
text: in umebtrusively and unnoticed and searches che room with
text: nis eyes. Finally he sees the men he is Locking for,
text: WEAVER the storekeeper, singing in the choir. Their eyes
text: meet, and Weaver geta the almost imperceptible signal
text: Sam seris him vith his Lifted eyebrows. Weaver frowns with
dialog: emmoyance emi vorry, wut when the hymn ends and
text: while the rest cf the choir is finding its seats again,
text: he leans over to his pompous Wite, whispers to her, end
text: slips cut through the rear door. She, too, is puzzled
text: and amoyed, but she covers bis exit by dropping ant
text: retrieving her bymal. With his usual impassivity, Jam
text: turns and ‘gets out as quietly as he came.
text: EX. MART HOWE'S HOUSE, It is « small house, rather
text: shabvy in appearance, as if its owner is unwilling or
text: unable to keep its peint and trim end flower teis in
text: order, or perhaps just doesn't care. Doane enters the
text: scene and welts to the door, sweating freely under the
text: glare of the high sun. He knocks ami vaits. The decor
text: is opened ty a stout Indian Women well past aiddle ege.
text: he recognizes Doane vordlessly, end lets him in.
dialog: Dr.
text: , MART EOWE'S HOUSE, This main room of the house,
text: which serves as both Living end dining room, is fairly
dialog: clean amd vell kept, wot like the exterior it is barren,
text: unloved. ‘wo large, old-feshioned guns bang on the vall
text: beneath e badge mounted on « leather base. Mart Howe
text: is sitting in the one comfortable chair in the roca,
text: staring at the floor. The Indian Woman goes to the
text: chair at the eating table end resumes viat she ves doing
dialog: vefore Doane's interruption -~ rolling cigarettes oy band
text: and mouth end adding them to the small pile already co
text: the table. Doane goes toward Howe and stops, locking
text: down at him. Howe finally locks up et bin, bia face
text: vooten, his eyes hopeless.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: I sent « kid to find you. Didn't
dialog: he come?
speaker_heading: BOWE
dialog: (neavily)
dialog: He was here...
text: Doane stares down at him unbelisvingly, surms away
text: helplessly, then to bim again.
dialog: 
dialog: os
dialog: +
dialog: th
dialog: 
dialog: =
speaker_heading: mt
dialog: =
dialog: =m
dialog: =
dialog: =
speaker_heading: a ea Cee EON LB
dialog: 3
dialog: e
dialog: ts
dialog: Wis!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon 97
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: (finding words)
dialog: You been ay friend all my life. You
dialog: got me this job! You made then send
dialog: for mm. s+”
text: Rowe's bent frame drcops, but he recains silent.
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: Prom the time I ves a kid T
dialog: wanted to be Like you... -
dialog: Mart, you been a lew can your
dialog: whole Life -- °.
speaker_heading: BOWE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Yeah... yesh, ay woole Life.
dialog: A great life. You risk your
dialog: skin catching killers and the
dialog: juries Let them go so they can ~
dialog: come back and shoot at you again.
dialog: te you're honest, you're pocr
dialog: your whole lite, ant in the ext
text: The Indien Woman picks up the handful of cigarattes she
text: hes cada, comes over ani puts them on the small table
text: chair, takes sone vocden satches cut of a
text: of her apron end puts then down alongside, then
text: and shuffles cut of the roca. With digficulty,
text: cigarette in his gneried fingers end
text: mateh to it. Deane looks at bin.
dialog: 3
dialog: ‘a
dialog: b
speaker_heading: °t
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: S
dialog: »
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Listen! ‘The Judge left town.
dialog: Harvey's quit. I'm having
dialog: trouble getting deputies ..
speaker_heading: BOWE
dialog: Tt figures... - It's ald
dialog: happened too sudden. People
dialog: have to talk thenselves into Lav
dialog: and order before they do anything
dialog: about it... . They don't care.
dialog: They really don't care.
dialog: i A I
dialog: 98 High Noon
text: The room goes silent. ‘The two men look at each other.
dialog: All barriers ere down now. It ia a time for complete
dialog: honesty, for they vill never again be this close to
dialog: each other, this intimate.
speaker_heading: DOANE,
dialog: Weat should I de, Mart?
speaker_heading: HOWE
dialog: Iwas hoping you wouldn't come
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: Tou mew why I came back.
speaker_heading: HOWE
dialog: Bat not to commit suicide.
speaker_heading: DOANE:
dialog: Scmetimes prison changes a
dialog: man...
speaker_heading: HOWE
dialog: Not him... .
dialog: (despairingly)
dialog: Tt's all planned, that's why
dialog: they're all here. . . . Get
dialog: out, Will: Get cut! ...
text: Deane turns away; vrestling 1t out with himeel’. Howe
text: watches him for a moment, then averts ais eyes. Finally
text: Doane dravs a deep, almost shuddering breath, and shekes
text: his heed, Howe understands that Doene has fought back,
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Will, you go dewn to that station
dialog: vith me?
speaker_heading: ROWE
dialog: (aulty)
dialog: (nis cigarette drops
text: to the floor, and after
text: enly a momentary hesita-
dialog: tion he rubs it cut under
dialog: his shee)
dialog: You know how I feel about you, but
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GE
dialog: be
dialog: 
dialog: 3
dialog: ia beg
dialog: By
dialog: i] Ba Aa
dialog: 
dialog: 8 ee
dialog: Ing
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon
speaker_heading: rr nowE (Cont'd.)
dialog: I won't go with you.
dialog: = (he Looks at ais
dialog: i twisted fingers)
dialog: -~
dialog: f
dialog: ov
dialog: 
dialog: Seens like « wan that elresdy bad .
dialog: busted Knuckles didn't need ar
dialog: tharitia, too, don't 1?
dialog: (he shrugs hopelessly)
dialog: Wo. se T coulda’t do anything
dialog: for you. You'd be vwerried about
dialog: se me. You'd get yourself willed
dialog: ‘ about me. It's too
dialog: (= one-sided the way it is. +:
dialog: ca
speaker_heading: \ DOANS '
dialog: a (tdred)
dialog: Be So long, Mart. + -
dialog: aa
speaker_heading: ie BOWE
dialog: ie Se Long.
text: Deane turns and goes out.
speaker_heading: ‘ . BOWE
dialog: - 7 (nopelessly)
dialog: * It's for nothing, Fill. To's all
dialog: im’ for nothing .- -
text: Bert Doane's footsteps continue to fade in the distance.
text: Howe lcoks at the clock. It is 13:26.
dialog: 
text: 15+ EXD. HOWH'S HOUSE. Deane 1s valking steadily away from
dialog: Pd U7. the house.
speaker_heading: vORE
dialog: (0.8. )
dialog: Deane -- °
dialog: 
text: Doane stops, turns. The Scarred Drunk from the salocn
text: hurries inte the scene emi to the Marshal. Dcane waits,
text: surprise struggling with bis impatience.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: What's the matter, Jimny?
dialog: es
text: The Drunk is sweaty and breathless, tut he carries
text: pimssl? with the deceptive steadiness of the confirmed
dialog: alcoholic. +
dialog: Ait
dialog: c
dialog: ¥
dialog: ee eet te ee pe arene
dialog: eens tcc em
dialog: 100 High Noon
speaker_heading: CRONE
dialog: Nothing. . . . I been looking for
dialog: you... . Dvant a gum. I want
dialog: te be with you when that train
dialog: comes in...
text: Doane stares at him.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Can you handle a gun?
speaker_heading: DROnE
dialog: Sure Ican. I used to be good.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: But why?
text: ‘The Drunk is all too conscious cf Doane's eyes searching
text: hia face, seeing the patch. His own fingers go up to it.
speaker_heading: TeOMK is
dialog: Tt ain't just getting even, no)...
dialog: It's a chance, see? It's what I
dialog: need. . . . Please, Doane... let
dialog: me get inom this. .. 1
text: In bis urgescy he bes reached cut and clutched Dcane's
text: arn. Deane Looks down at the hand gripping bis forearn,
text: yaes the Drunk's fingers and arm trembling. ‘The Drunk
text: follows Doane's eyes. He pulls his hand eway ani tries
text: desperately to stop the trembling. Sut his fingers
text: comtinue to quiver until, in en agony of helplesmass,
text: he covers them with his other hand. ‘Then his eyes neet
text: Doatia's again, bleak, shamed and hopeless but with «
text: last tiny spark of pleading.
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Alvight, Jim... I'LL call you if
dialog: Tneed you. ...
text: (he reaches in his pocket
dialog: tor a silver doller)
dialog: Get yourself a drink, meanwhile --
text: Ee forces the coin into the Drunk's hand, tries to
text: bring sincerity into his smile, end turns and goes.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: &
speaker_heading: ea ER
dialog: cr ee
dialog: ey
dialog: baa
dialog: ica
dialog: west
dialog: (;
dialog: High Noon 101
speaker_heading: “iE /
dialog: | : (anlty)
dialog: I . Thanks - + - wil. « .
text: = yh8, CLOSE HOCK SHOT ~~ DOANE 2 as be continues ivay, bis face
text: + em still set in the expty, meaningless euile. ‘Then nis Lips
text: 1 a tighten with helpless anger.
dialog: \ hs. oor.
text: 180- Im. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. She is standing in the acorway
text: 151. to her bedroea ss Sam comes in and eloses the docr vehicd
dialog: hia.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: where is he?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Coaing, oF eee nasal ¢ os
dialog: ne allows bisself the
dialog: ghost of « satle)
dialog: at's a careful man + -
text: the soul of approaching footsteps in the pall,
text: and Sam nods. Ze turns and opens the door, catching
text: Awewartly, the storekeeper comes in, and Sem closes the
text: door efter bin. Mrenghout the scene the posiness man
text: is qoite respectful cowards Helen.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Anything wrong, Mrs. Ramirez?
dialog: Hed
dialog: Ie.
speaker_heading: WEAVER
dialog: Then why 44a you secd for se?
dialog: 
dialog: ow t'm leaving town. T went to sell
dialog: ay half of the store. You want
dialog: = to buy me out?
dialog: 4
dialog: a
dialog: 102 High Noon
speaker_heading: WEAVER
dialog: (covering bis surprise)
dialog: flow mich did you want?
speaker_heading: ELEN
dialog: ‘(wo thousand. 1 think that's fair.
speaker_heading: WEAVER
dialog: on, it's fair alright, Mrs.
dialog: Remires. But I couldn't praise
dialog: that much right sow.
speaker_heading: WEAVER
dialog: About « thousand . - -
speaker_heading: ELEN
dialog: Alright. You can pay Sam, here,
dialog: the rest in six months, and te'll
dialog: get it to me. A deal?
speaker_heading: WEAVER
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Well, Td Like to thenk you, Mrs.
dialog: Ramirez -- for everything. eee
dialog: I mean, when you first called ce
dialog: in end pot the deal to me <- about
dialog: staking me in the store and being 2
dialog: the silent partner “= ay wife thougot -- .
dialog: (ne realizes be is co
dialog: dangerous
dialog: Well, what I really seen is, you've
dialog: been real decent to se right along-
dialog: And T vant you to know I've bean
dialog: honest vith you.
speaker_heading: wELES
dialog: I mow you have. Goodby, Mr. Weaver.
dialog: eo) WD incl Ge keh toe
dialog: hi
dialog: i
dialog: ge
dialog: ny
dialog: at
dialog: e
scene_heading: cornet iad AEU WE ON BIE
dialog: ay eg ra
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PF y
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: my
speaker_heading: gy A EM
dialog: fey
dialog: a
dialog: 182.
dialog: 153-
dialog: 157.
dialog: High Noon
speaker_heading: WEAVER
dialog: Goodby . - -
text: He turns to the doar, stops and turns back to her.
speaker_heading: ‘WEAVER
dialog: (meaningly)
dialog: And good luck to you... -
text: Helen nods. Weaver end Sam go out.
scene_heading: MED. LOWG SHOT -- EXT. FULLER HOUSE. Deane is walking
dialog: steadily toward the house, @ larger, uore-imposing, better~
dialog: cared-for place than Mart Howe's. It has deen painted
text: recently, enti the picket fence and flower beds are in good
text: order. Doane nears the house.
text: DEP. FRONT ROOM -- FULLER HOUSE. Sam Puller is peering out
text: through the window.
speaker_heading: FOLLER
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: Milared “= | Mildred! . . -
text: Mes. Poller hurries into the roca. A simple voman, she
dialog: jnows the reason for his agitation, but she ta vewlldered,
text: ‘poubled.
speaker_heading: FOLLER
dialog: (Leaving the vindow)
dialog: He's coming. - - . T koew he would...
dialog: Yow you do Like I told you! I'a
dialog: not hone «+ don't let bin in: No
dialog: matter what he says, I'm not home! . . -
scene_heading: MRS. FULLER
dialog: Sem, he's your friend --
speaker_heading: FULLER
dialog: Don't argue with me: He'll be
dialog: here in a second:
scene_heading: MRS. FULLER
dialog: Be won't believe me. He'll know
dialog: I'm lying --
speaker_heading: FULLER
dialog: You do Like I tell you -- |
dialog: 103
dialog: ‘ a ce i mame a
dialog: cee ener ences meen
dialog: cr 104
dialog: High Noon
text: Deane's footsteps can be heard on the porch epproaching
text: the door. ‘Then he knocks. Fuller points « tense ° ager
text: at his vite, then tiptoes to the bedroom and closes the
text: door behind him. Doane mocks again. Frightened, wretched,
text: Mes. Puller goes to the door end opens it ebcut balivay.
scene_heading: MES. FULLER
dialog: (with tremendous effort)
dialog: Om... hello, WL...
text: Surprised at first by her manner and the unmistakable lack
text: of welcome in the partly opened door, Doane quickly sees ami
text: understands her tension.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Puller. Sam in?
speaker_heading: MRS FULLER
dialog: No... . No, he isn't...
text: Deane stares at her, convinced she is lying.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Do you kuow vhere he is, Mrs. _
dialog: Poller? It's important to me
dialog: that I find bin.
scene_heading: MRS. TOLLER
dialog: (42 agony)
dialog: I think he’s in chureh, WILL —
dialog: he's gone to church -~
speaker_heading: ‘DOARE
dialog: Without yout
scene_heading: MRS. PULLER
dialog: I'm going in a little while -- as
dialog: scan as I dress --
text: Por a moment anger surges up in Doane, ami then he checks
dialog: it. .
speaker_heading: DOAME
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Thanks, Mrs. Fuller... . Goodby .. -
text: He turns and lets her shut the door after him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: z
dialog: =
speaker_heading: 4 HOR eva
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: my ba HE
dialog: ye
dialog: 
dialog: fy
speaker_heading: RY
dialog: Ae
dialog: i
dialog: fei Pe
dialog: "i
dialog: et
dialog: ae
dialog: ea.
dialog: |
dialog: ce
dialog: te
dialog: cry
dialog: nag
dialog: 1s8.
dialog: 159.
dialog: 11.
dialog: 162.
dialog: High Noon 105
text: UXT. FULLER SOUSE -~ as Doane steps down the porch steps,
text: stops a moment to stare up at the merciless sun. He wipes
text: hia face wearily, then continues down the steps and along
text: the walk, bis face grin.
text: DWT. FRONT ROOM -- FULLER EOUSE, Mrs. Puller has crept to #
text: chair, where she slumps uisersbly. Fuller is at the window,
text: watching Deane go. He turns finally, ami looks at her
text: stricken face. ~
speaker_heading: FOLLER
dialog: (ahame-ridden)
dialog: Well, vhat do you want? You
dialog: want me to get killed? You
dialog: want to be « widow? Is that
dialog: vhat you want?
text: Mea. Poller raises ber eyes to his. She is torn,
text: bewildered, niserable.
speaker_heading: MRS. FOLLER
dialog: No, Sam. ... Ho...
scene_heading: EXP, RAILROAD STATION -~ CLOSE SHOT -- MILT -~ as he drinks
text: from the vhiskey bottle. There is the 0.S. MISIC of
text: Colby's harmonica, as he plays “Slue-Tail Fly." CAMERA
text: POLLS BACK to INCIOUDE Pierce and Colby. Milt vipes his
text: lips and then deliberately offers the bottle to Pierce,
text: and grins as the latter looks at him darkly. Milt extends
text: the bottle to Colby, who takes it and drinks. Pierce
text: turns and looks down the track.
text: EXT. RAILROAD TRACK, The perallel lines of the track cerge
text: in the hazy distance.
text: GROUP SHOT. Pierce frows to himself, takes out his watch,
text: and locks at the time. Colby finishes his drink, hands the
text: bottle beck to Milt, then resumes bis playing. Pierce gets
text: up and goes over to the vindow in the b.g. The Station~
text: master comes up to it.
speaker_heading: PIERCE
dialog: Anything on the train? .
speaker_heading: STATICNMASTER
dialog: It's on time, far as I know... .
dialog: (as Pierce turns avey)
dialog: If it don't stop, there's no gore
dialog: ce ee et ete ee re a a RR
dialog: 106
dialog: 163.
dialog: 165-
speaker_heading: LT5.
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon
speaker_heading: STATIONMASTER (Cont'd. )
dialog: southbounds till tomorrow --
text: Pierce Locks et him coldly, then turns and comes back to
text: the group, sita down and starts to roll a cigarette. Milt
text: whistles softly to Colby's playing.
scene_heading: QUIEX DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: Ext. PRAIRIE -~ MED. LONG SHOT -- on Toby and Peterson as
text: their horses gallop along the faint trail. ‘Toby keevs
text: Bis horse steadily at Peterson's flank.
text: MED. TRUCK SHOT -- on Toby and Peterson. Peterson's hands
text: ave still free. Toby aoves up alongside Peterson end
text: points o.s. They change direction and ride cut cf scene.
text: EXT. WATERHOLE. Toby and Peterson appear in the b.g., and
text: ride down to the waterkole. They are both tired, hot,
text: dusty. They dismount near the hole and lead their horses
text: to the water. ‘The horses drink greedily. Peterson Looks
text: over at Toby thoughtfully, then around him, sees a stone
text: near his feet. Sehind the cover of his horse, he bends
text: quietly ani picks it up. When Toby draws his herse frou
text: the water, then goes upstream a little way, Peterson
text: followe suit, hiding the stone behind his back. Toby
text: bends down and starts to drink. Peterson tenses and
text: starts to swing the stone down on Toby's bead. Almost in
text: time, but not quite, Toby sees bis reflection in the water,
text: end tries to dodge. Feterson's fist ami stone come down
text: im a glancing blow on Toby's head ami Toby goes face
text: forward inte the water. Feterson goes in after hin. Toby
text: manages to get to his feet before Peterson can vrestle
text: him down into the water, and the two men begin swinging
text: at each cther. The horses rear ani retreat from the
text: ‘waterhole. Toby ami Peterson fight fiercely and soundlessly,
text: except for their penting ani choking breath. When they are
text: on their feet they are vaist-deep, out sore often than not
text: both men are cut of sight in the roiling end threshing
text: water. Finally, Feterscn manages to mock Toby down, amd he
text: ts on top of him in an instant, hitting bim and ducking hin
text: umtil Teby gees limp end sinks under water. Peterson lets
text: him go amd scrambles breathlessly cut amd to his horse.
text: Toby comes to, ami with trememious effort takes cut after
text: him. Peterson has trouble getting his frightened horse to
text: stand still encugh to mount, ami Toby catches him from
text: behind and drags him down. They roll over and over into a
text: rocky growth and « right hand from Toby sends Peterson's
dialog: \
dialog: |
dialog: ik
speaker_heading: wEId
dialog: if
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: —
dialog: 
speaker_heading: E
dialog: CO tal
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 3
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Lf
dialog: 1 4
dialog: High Noon 107
text: head back against a rock. He is hurt. Toby continues to-
text: pang Peterson's bead against the stone umtil he caves in.
text: er Joby rolls off and lies there, trying tO recapture his breath
text: t amd strength. Finally, be is able to get up. He pulls
text: mal Peterson to his feet, turns him around, and kicks him toward
text: the waterhola. Peterson staggers forward end falls. Toby
text: a picks him up egain and kicks him all the vay to the hole,
text: we where Peterson finally falls face down at the edge of the
text: hole. ‘Toby looks down at the waterhole. The water is
text: on muddy and thick with silt.
dialog: Tost :
dialog: - (glaring et Peterson)
dialog: : Yow see vhat you vent and done:
dialog: me That water won't be fit to drink
dialog: for hours o~
dialog: ~
dialog: re
text: ze Disgusted, he whistles for bis horse.
dialog: t
scene_heading: La QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
text: 176. ‘DAD, HOTEL LOBBY. ‘The front door bangs open, and Harvey
text: strides in, Liquor-flushed. Again Amy has looked up hope-
text: fully. She recognizes Harvey, ‘out he is too full of his
text: errant to see her. Ignoring the Clerk as well, he goes
text: o across the lobby ami up the stairs.
dialog: im,
speaker_heading: ae (artiy)
dialog: re There's enother one of Mrs.
dialog: bs Ramizet's frienis .. .
speaker_heading: = AMY
dialog: = (puzzled)
dialog: On? 2.
dialog: ir
dialog: grinning)
dialog: Yep... . I'd say she's got some
dialog: explaining to do when that
dialog: train gets in. .-
text: Amy looks at him with increasing dislike, tut she is very
text: tuoughtful as she turns avey.
text: LTT- TRE, HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. She is potting the final touches
text: 82. to ber packing as « knock sounds on the door.
dialog: 
dialog: 108
dialog: High Noon
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Come in, Sam =~
text: The door opens emi Sarvey enters. He ig stunned vhen be
text: seas the soitcases. Then Helen Looks up and sees him,
text: She braces herself for the unpleasantness to come,
speaker_heading: SARVED
dialog: You leaving town -- 2
text: Helen looks at bim, but dees not pether to answer. ‘She
text: fastens the last buckle.
speaker_heading: BARVET
dialog: Woere you going?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: T don't know yet.
text: She moves past him, checking the room for things she cay
text: nave forgotten to pack. feffled and frustrated by her
text: nammer, Harvey follovs her.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
text: That doesn't make much sense.
text: Helen shrugs.
speaker_heading: HELES
dialog: (honestly)
dialog: To... os
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Sure you are, wouldn't
dialog: tac
dialog: ths
speaker_heading: ad AL
dialog: fi
dialog: wid
speaker_heading: ty sd
dialog: .
dialog: id 6
dialog: cay
dialog: ad
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Hy
dialog: Vaal
speaker_heading: ‘4
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4
dialog: Hee
dialog: tbh |
dialog: High Noon 109
speaker_heading: EELEN
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: I believe you. .:
text: She goes to the window now and looks out. Harvey stares
text: sullenly at her insolent beck, his rage mounting.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Then why ere you going?
dialog: (es Helen shrugs )
dialog: Are you cutting cut with Deane?
text: Helen turns end looks at bin. She smiles with veary
dialog: contempt.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ELEN
dialog: Oh, Hervey. - +
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Then why are you going?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: What difference does it make?
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: = It's Deane, it's Doane! 7 know
dialog: , it's Doane:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It isn't Deane:
dialog: (she stops, then
dialog: goes on)
dialog: Bot I'm going to tell you some~
dialog: thing about you and your friend
dialog: = Doane. You're a nice looking boy.
dialog: yer . You have big wide shoulders. Bat
dialog: ~_ he's acan... . It takes sore than
dialog: big wide shoulders to make «# man,
dialog: Harvey. And you've got @ Leng way
dialog: to go. - - . You mow something? I
dialog: don't think you'll ever make it. . -
dialog: 
text: She turns away from bin. Exploding, Harvey comes after
text: her, grabs her and turns her to him. Helen is passive
dialog: in bis emma.
dialog: 
dialog: 0 High Noon
dialog: 183.
dialog: 18s,
dialog: 185-
dialog: 19s.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: (Causketly )
dialog: Sow I'll tell you somathing.
dialog: You're ust going anywhere --
dialog: you're staying here vith me --
dialog: It's going to be just like before --
text: Ze kisses ber brutally. Helen remains completely and
text: coolly unresponsive, unresisting, untouched. Jarvey
text: lets her go uncercainly.
speaker_heading: BELEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You want to knew why I'm getting
dialog: oat? Then Listen. . . . Deane vill te
text: a dead man in half en hour, and
dialog: nobedy is going te do anything
dialog: about it. Den't ask ae how I know.
dialog: Tt cow. Ami when he dies, this
text: town dies, toc. It smells dead ta
dialog: me already. And I'n a widow. I'n
dialog: all alone in the world. I bave to
dialog: make @ living. So -- I'm going
dialog: . asonewhere else, That's all...
text: (she studies him a moment,
dialog: then gees on seftly)
dialog: Awd as for you — I don't Like
dialog: - anybody to put their bands on ae
dialog: unless I wact then to... . Andi I
dialog: - don't want you to. . . apymore =
text: Stung, Harvey reaches for her. She slaps him sharply,
text: viciously.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT -= EXT. CHURCH. Deane can be seen climbing
text: the bill toward the church. The distant strains of «
text: momll organ can be heard.
text: MED, SHOT -- EXT. CHURCH -- as Doane walks through the
text: ehurchyard to the church. ‘The organ music within comes
text: to a stop. Deane cpens the dcors.
text: TWT. CHURCH. The Minister is beginning his sermon.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Our text today is from Malachi,
dialog: chapter four...
dialog: 
dialog: =
dialog: im
dialog: nd
speaker_heading: Fa A
speaker_heading: EY
dialog: fey
dialog: ra
speaker_heading: Bal 1a
dialog: fan
dialog: 
dialog: a ee
speaker_heading: fd
dialog: - 74
dialog: . Bigh Noon 111
text: : Doane enters and stands near the doorway.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (reading from the bible)
dialog: + « » Por, behold, the day cometh,
dialog: that shell burn as an oven; and
dialog: all the proud, yea, and ell that
dialog: do wickedly shall be as --
dialog: 
dialog: He bas looked up, seem Doane, ami stopped. The congregation,
text: seeing him stare, turns toward the entrance. There is a
dialog: 
text: 1 See rustle, a shuffle, a whispering, and then silence.’ Some
text: cos of the people seem aware of Doane's mission, others are *
text: ‘ we porzled. Jo Henderson seems honestly surprised to see Doane.
speaker_heading: | MINISTER
dialog: ot (te Deane, frowning)
dialog: ez Tes? .
speaker_heading: ‘ _— DOANE
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: I'm sorry, parson. I don't vant
dialog: to disturb the servicas --
dialog: (izritated)
dialog: You already have...
dialog: (new be gives avay the
dialog: . Peal cause of his anger)
dialog: You don't come to this church very
dialog: often, Marshal. And when you got
dialog: martied today, you didn't see fit
dialog: to be married bere. What could be
dialog: so important to bring you here now?
speaker_heading: DOASE
dialog: I need help.
dialog: 
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: nm Fo
text: He strides up front to the pulpit.
speaker_heading: = DOARE
dialog: a (to Minister)
dialog: ‘ It's true I haven't been « church-
dialog: = going man, end that's meybe a bad
dialog: = thing. And I vaen't merried here
dialog: today because my wife's...
text: — (he suddenly remembers
dialog: a Amy with a pang of pain)
dialog: |
dialog: 112 High Noon
speaker_heading: DOANE (Cont'd. )
dialog: my wife's @ Quaker. . . . But I've
dialog: come here for help because there
dialog: are people hera . . .
text: ‘The Minister, a good mun who already regrets his display
text: of temper, haa been staring at bin with growing shame.
speaker_heading: MOYISTER
dialog: I'm sorvy, Marshal. Say what
dialog: you have to say.
text: Deane turns to the people.
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: Maybe soma of you alraady know.
dialog: Ty you don't, it looks Like Guy
text: Jordan's coming back on the nocn
dialog: train. I need as many special
dialog: deputies as I can get.
text: There is a momentary pause, as those to whom this is news
dialog: _ take it in. The Minister is shocked. Je bhaen't known. ~
text: Then a Man (SCOTT) in a rear pew rises.
dialog: sort
dialog: What ere ve waiting for? Let's
dialog: Gor ee .
text: Be starts toward the aisle and to Doane. There seems to be
dialog: @ fairly general ucvement to follow him. ‘Then Another Man
text: (COOPER) near the rear of church, rises and yells
text: through the jumble of voices.
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: Held it! Hold it a mingte! ...
text: The crowd is held.i They turn to him.
speaker_heading: : COOPER
dialog: ‘That's right —- bold it! Before
dialog: we go rushing out into some-
dialog: thing thet ain't going to te sc
dialog: pleasant -~ Let's be sure we know
dialog: what ithia ts all about...
text: The room is silent. Some of the Men sit down. Doane {s
text: watching Cooper, frowning.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: &
dialog: kathy:
dialog: it}
dialog: Ba
dialog: a4
dialog: ba
dialog: we
dialog: ry
dialog: aq
dialog: a
dialog: y
dialog: f
dialog: wa
dialog: 196.
speaker_heading: 1gT.
dialog: 158-
dialog: 208.
dialog: 
dialog: an
dialog: “4
dialog: High Noon 113
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: What I vant to know is this --
dialog: ain't it true that Doane ain't
dialog: the Marshal anymore? And ain't
dialog: it true that there's personal
dialog: trouble between him and Jordan?
text: Men jump to their feet. There is ea jumble of cutcries,
text: some in protest, some in agreement. But Cooper's charge
text: has hed its effect. Jo Henderson hurries up front and
text: comes beside Doane.
speaker_heading: EENDERSON
dialog: (over the crowd)
dialog: Alright, alright: . . . Quiet,
dialog: everybody -- |
text: Henderson commands the crewl's attention. The noise
text: subsides.
speaker_heading: EENDERSCO
dialog: If there's differance of opinicn,
dialog: Let everybody have his say. . . . But
dialog: Let's get all the kids out of
dialog: the Duilding ...
text: Men on their feet find seats. Parents push their children
text: toward the aisles. One Boy shout twelve, highly intrigued,
text: tries to hang back. Zia Father jerks him to his feet end
text: helps him elong with a slep cn the bebind. ‘There is a
text: movement of children to the dcors. Henderson puts his
text: bend on Deane's erm, ami Doane looks at him gratefully.
text: EXT. RAILROAD STATION. Pierce is pacing tensely. Milt is
text: soravled lazily. Colby is playing his harmonica. Pierce
text: stares cut into the distance.
text: EXT. TRACKS. ‘They streteh out emptily.
text: TNT. CHURCH, Scott is speaking.
dialog: Scorr
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I say it don't matter if there
dialog: is anything personal betveen
dialog: Jordan and the Marshal here.
dialog: We all iow who Jordan is and
dialog: — Se =
dialog: 
dialog: ” lid High Noon
speaker_heading: SCOTT (Cont'd.)
dialog: what he is! What's. more, ve're
dialog: wasting time! ...
text: . Doane, Henderson and the Parson are Listening and watching
text: ) intently. From outside, there is the SOUND of children's =
text: | voices, singing. Hands shoot up as Scott finishes. ‘el
dialog: ' Henderson recognizes another Man. a
speaker_heading: ‘ HENDERSON =
dialog: if Alright, Coy -- =
dialog: i cor =
dialog: (rising) =
dialog: Yeah, we all know vho Jordan is,
dialog: tl but ve put him sway once. Who
dialog: . saved him frou hanging? The S
dialog: - politicians up north. This is =
dialog: their mess -~ Let thea take care
dialog: : of it... m
text: ( He sits. There are core banis. Henlerson recognizes
dialog: 
dialog: another Man.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Savyer << m=
speaker_heading: ‘ SAWYER =
dialog: (rising) -
dialog: What I got to say is this -- ve've =
dialog: been paying good aoney right along a
dialog: for a marshal and deputies. But
dialog: the first time there's trouble, ve =
dialog: ‘ got to take care of it ourselves! =
dialog: What we been paying for all this
dialog: time? I say we're not peace officers =
dialog: here! This ain't our job... - HH
speaker_heading: eI
text: There are cries of assent and disagreement. A Man (LEWIS) ~
text: jumps to his feet. oe
dialog: (over noise) =
dialog: I been saying right along we cught
dialog: to have wore deputies! If we did,
dialog: we wouldn't be facing this now! ...
dialog: lang
dialog: d
dialog: -¥
dialog: ra
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: “ORM ER ETE
dialog: 
dialog: il
speaker_heading: a FT
speaker_heading: ca rT AR,
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: High Noon 115
speaker_heading: EENDERSON
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Just a minute now <= Let's keep it
dialog: orderly: Everybedy, quiet down! . . .
dialog: (as they do)
dialog: You head your hand up, Ezra...
text: The Men named Ezre gets up, quivering with indignation.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Tocan't believe I've heard some of
dialog: the things that've been said here.
dialog: Tou all ought to be eshamed of your~
dialog: selves. Sure, we paid this man, and
dialog: he was the best marshal this town
dialog: ever hed. And it ein't bis trouble,
dialog: it's curs. I tell you if we don't
dialog: do what's right, we're going to have
dialog: Plenty more trouble. So there ain't
dialog: but ome thing to do now, and you all
dialog: know what that is:
text: Another Man shoots his hand into the air. Henderson nods
dialog: to hin.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Go ahead, Kibbee —
speaker_heading: SIRE,
dialog: (svupidly)
dialog: Been a lot of talk about vhat our
dialog: duty is... . Well, this is Sunday,
dialog: and I don't hold with no killing on
dialog: the Sabbath...
text: He sits down, highly satisfied with himself. Doane stares
text: at him in amazement. Hendersen hides a wry smile.
text: EXT, CHURCH. Some of the older children are trying to
text: Peer in through a vindow. The rest are playing « game
text: brought out from Kentucky ani Tamnessee by the carly
text: pioneers. ‘They have formed a circle, and band in hand
text: they ere passing under a bridge formed by the raised
text: earns of tvo taller children, e Boy and a husky, rawboned
text: qicl. They are the Captains. As the circle revolves,
dialog: they sing these vorda:
dialog: - 116 High Noon
dialog: "The needle's eye that does supply
text: The thread that runs sco true,
dialog: Many « beau [I have let go
dialog: Because I vented you.
text: Many a dark and stormy night
dialog: When I went home with you,
dialog: I stumped ay toe and down I go
dialog: Because I vanted you... .”
text: The Captains Let their arns drop arcumd one of the Boys in
text: the circle, stopping it. They take him away from the circle.
speaker_heading: BOY CaPLAIN
dialog: What you going. to be, injun or
dialog: white man?
speaker_heading: LITTLE sor
dialog: Teajmm...
text: They return to the others. ‘The Boy and Girl form the bridge
text: again, the Little Boy standing bebind the taller Boy. The
text: children im the circle form hamis egain aod resume the game.
text: OMT, CHURCH, A Man (TRUMBULL) ts on bis feet, talking.
speaker_heading: TRUMULL
dialog: « « » Teds whole thing's been handled
dialog: wrong. Here's those three killers
dialog: walking the street told es brass.
dialog: Way didn't you arrest thes, Marshal?
dialog: Why ain't they behind bars? Then
dialog: we'd only have Jordan to worry ebout,
dialog: insteed of the four cf 'em) .. .
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (simply)
dialog: IT didn't have sothing to arrest ‘em
dialog: for, Mr. Trumbull. .. . They haven't
dialog: deue anything. There's no law
text: egeinst them sitting on a bench at
dialog: the depot . . .
text: _A Woean (MRS, SIMPSON) jumps to her feet.
speaker_heading: MRS. SIMPSON
dialog: (excited) :
dialog: I can't listen te any more of this!
dialog: “What's the matter vith you people?
dialog: A
dialog: =
dialog: v~
dialog: +
dialog: 
dialog: ar
dialog: 
dialog: ca be
dialog: ft
dialog: iy
dialog: =
dialog: =i
dialog: =
dialog: 
speaker_heading: eI
dialog: Wee
dialog: by
dialog: High Noon 7
speaker_heading: MES. SIMPSON (Cont'd.)
dialog: Den't you remember when « decent
dialog: woman couldn't walk down the street
dialog: in broad daylight? Don't you ree .
dialog: member when this wasn't « fit place
dialog: to tring up a child? How can you
dialog: ait here end talk -- and talk and
dialog: tabs like this?
text: Another Woman, (MRS. FLETCHER) older, rises.
scene_heading: MRS. FLETCHER
dialog: That's easy for you to say, Mrs.
dialog: Simpson -- your husband's a bun-
dialog: dred ailes away. .. . Still, I
dialog: ain't saying you're wrong. Only,
dialog: those fellows are mighty bad. We
dialog: need the strongest men ve've got ==
dialog: young men --
dialog: 
text: A Very Young Woman, sitting beside her Young Husband,
dialog: »: burst cut. -
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Sare, let the young men do it:
dialog: it's always the young cen vho
dialog: ES have to do it, have te go out
dialog: ’ and do the killing and get
dialog: killed before they do any living:
dialog: Why don't the old men do it for
dialog: ence? They're king of valk when
dialog: things are goed! . . .
text: There is an cutburst cf scund. A Men leaps to his feet.
speaker_heading: MAT
dialog: (over)
dialog: What are we all getting excited
dialog: about? How do we know Jordan's
dialog: om that train, anyway?
dialog: 
dialog: al
dialog: we
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: T think we can be pretty sure
dialog: he'son it. ...
dialog: (he takes out his
dialog: watch, locks at tt)
dialog: ‘a A
dialog: q
dialog: 
dialog: 4
dialog: 
dialog: hbo
dialog: 118 High Noon
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HENDERSON (Cont'd.)
dialog: Time's getting short.
dialog: (he tarns to the Minister)
dialog: Parson, you got anything to say?
dialog: a
dialog: ™
dialog: ml
dialog: 
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Idon’t mow. . . . The Commandments
dialog: aay: Thou shalt sot kill. . . . Sut =
dialog: ve hire men todo it forus. ... S
dialog: The right and the wrong seem pretty ~
dialog: clear here, but if you're asking se ~
dialog: to tell ay pecple te go out and kill 7a]
dialog: amd maybe get themselves killed -- aa
dialog: T'a serry -- I don't mow vhas to
dialog: say... I'm sorry...
dialog: eis
text: The room is quiet. Finally Exra raises bis heed.
dialog: (to Henderson) ad
dialog: Wheat do you say, Jonas?
speaker_heading: ” HENDERSON
dialog: Alright, I aay this <= What this
dialog: town owes Will Deane here, you
dialog: could never pay him with money,
dialog: amt don't ever forget it. Yes,
dialog: he is the best marshal ve ever
dialog: bad, maybe the best we'll aver
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EW RNY
dialog: have.
text: Deane listens gratefully. 4
speaker_heading: EENDERSON
dialog: (continuing) Zz
dialog: Remember what this tawn was like
dialog: before Will came here? Do ve vant
dialog: it to be like that again? Of
dialog: course ve don't! So Jordan's
dialog: coming back is cur problem, net his.
dialog: 
dialog: aq
dialog: by
dialog: 
dialog: ‘The Men and Women Listen intently.
dialog: 3s
speaker_heading: EENDERSCN
dialog: (continuing) z
dialog: It's our problem because it's our 33
dialog: town. We built it with our om
dialog: ko
dialog: High Noon 119
speaker_heading: HENDERSON (Cont'd. )
dialog: hands, from nothing. ... And if
dialog: we want to keep it decent, keep it
dialog: growing, then ve got to think
dialog: mighty clear here today -- and we
dialog: get to have the courage to do the
dialog: right thing, no astter how herd it
dialog: is... . Alright. There's going
dialog: to be @ fight when Deane and Jordan
dialog: meet, and somebody's going to get
dialog: hurt, that's for sure. . . . Now,
dialog: there's people up north who've
dialog: been thinking about this town,
dialog: aod thinking uighty hard. ‘They've
dialog: been thinking sbout sending money
dialog: down here -- to put up stores,
dialog: baild factories... . It'd mean a
dialog: let to this town, an awful lot.
dialog: Bat when they read about shooting
dialog: and killing in the streets, vhat
dialog: are they going to think then? I'1L
dialog: tell you. They'll think this is
dialog: Just another vide open town, that's
dialog: what. Amd everything ve worked for
dialog: is going to be wiped cut ip one day.
dialog: This town is going to be set back five
dialog: say we can't Lat that
dialog: mer
dialog: ¥
dialog: i
dialog: na ®
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: Pe
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EMA RA
dialog: 
dialog: he hadn't. Because if he's not here
dialog: . when Jordan comes in, ay hunch is
dialog: there won't be any trouble, not one
dialog: bit. Tomerrew ve'll have « new
dialog: marshal, and if ve all agree here
dialog: to offer our services to him, I think
dialog: we can handle anything that comes
dialog: along. To me, that makes sense. To
dialog: we, that's the only way owt of this...
speaker_heading: F
text: Almost without exception, the people are persuaded.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: (cumming to Will)
dialog: i Will, I think you ought to go while
dialog: _ there's still time. It's batter
dialog: 
dialog: 120 High Noon
dialog: 229.
dialog: 230.
dialog: 231-
dialog: 233.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON (Cont'd.)
dialog: for you ~~ amd better for us...
text: Deane {3 staring at bim, stunned. Then he Looks out at
text: the silent people, reads the answer in their eyes, in
text: their averted cr guarded faces. He turns from Semierson
text: and walks out of the church. .
text: =EX?. CHURCH. The game has reached its climax as Doane
text: emarges from the church. ‘There ere now two rows of
text: children, each with their arms aroumd the child iz front.
dialog: With the tvo Captains in the middle, e tug of war is going
text: on. Doane stares at the screaming children for e moment,
text: then goes wearily on, out of scene. ‘The Girl-Captain's
text: team pulls the cther line of children over until it breaks.
text: The gama ends in e melee of treathless laughter end shouting.
text: EXT, RAILROAD STATION. Jordan and Colby are removing their
text: spurs. Pierce looks at his watch, then follows suit.
scene_heading: CLOSHUP <= SALCON CLOCK. The time is 11:kk. CAMERA PANS
text: DOWN to Gillis ami Two Men at the bar, locking up at the
dialog: clock.
dialog: Giitis
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Well, I got no use fer him, but
dialog: T'lL say this - he's got guts...
text: The other Men nod their agreement. Hervey is alone at a
text: table near the window with a bottle amd glass. Drink has
text: ovviously not cooled his seething rage. Sow, he hears
text: what Gillis has said, ani reacts to it with a mixture of
text: enger and shame, He drinks. Of the Ivo Men beside Gillis,
dialog: we remember one of them as seeming sympathetic to Doane
text: im Ses, 126-130. He now picks up the conversation.
speaker_heading: SIMPATEETIC MAN
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: That's mighty broadminied, Joe...
text: Gillis looks at him dowbtfully, tut the Sympathetic Man's
text: face is blandly iumccent. Gillis’ look slides away fren
text: _ aim and focuses on Harvey. He goes toward Harvey's table.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Now you, Harve -~ I alweys figured
dialog: you for guts, but I never give you
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: oy
dialog: y
dialog: nf
speaker_heading: “aT
dialog: het
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: ty
speaker_heading: Fay ME
dialog: bey
dialog: ‘
dialog: hy
speaker_heading: FOF
dialog: rl Ba
dialog: 23h,
dialog: 235-
dialog: 237.
dialog: High Noon 12]
speaker_heading: GILLIS (Cont'd.)
dialog: credit Zor braing ... till now...
dialog: Harvey doesn't mow how to take this. Is Gillis accusing
dialog: him of cowardice?
speaker_heading: EARVET
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: Nothing... only it takes e -smart
dialog: man to know when to back away... .
speaker_heading: BARVEY
dialog: I can't pick my company vhen
dialog: drink in here, I ain't coming
dialog: ere anymore.
speaker_heading: THe
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: (losing his smile)
dialog: Owmy ss.
text: He gets up with bad grace ent goes angrily back to the bar.
text: Harvey vatches him go. Once beck among his friends, hov~
text: ever, Gillis' eplomb returns. He whispers something to a
text: Man at the bar, and the Man smiles quietly. Seething,
text: Harvey Looks at the other occupants at the bar and sees
text: only blank faces, wise faces, shrewd eyes, unspoken amise~
text: ment or contempt. But co one says anything. Furious,
text: Harvey turns awey and pours himself a drink with fingers
text: trembling vith rage. Then, as he drinks, bis glance moves
text: te the window, and be sees something far down the street.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT -- DOANE -- From Harvey's point of view. His
text: figure is tiny but recognizable as he walks slowly up
text: the quiet street.
text: INT. SALCON. Harvey, in the foreground, reacts with blind
text: rage to the sight cf Deane. PAST bim, the swinging decor
text: opens, and the Drunk comes in ami goes directly to the bar.
speaker_heading: DROME
dialog: (to Bartender)
dialog: IT want ea bottle.
text: The Bartender and those nearby stare at him.
dialog: 
dialog: 236.
dialog: 239.
dialog: au.
dialog: ake,
dialog: 2k3.
speaker_heading: L2 High Noon
speaker_heading: DEO
dialog: Igot the mney...
text: He opens his hand emi lets the silver dollar Doane has
text: given him fall on the tar. Surprised, the Bartender
text: gets « tottle and shoves it toward him, He takes it
text: and valks out.
speaker_heading: GILLIS
dialog: Well, Dlbbe...
text: Harvey, staring through the window, {3 unaware of the
text: incident. He continues to vatch Doane.
scene_heading: EXD. STREET -- MED. FULL SHOT. Doane is continuing up
text: the street. A man going in the opposite direction sees
text: hin, hesitates, then crosses the street to avoid meeting
text: bin, As the Man comes into CLOSER CAMERA VIEW, his face
text: reveals bis mixture of shame and relier.
text: MED. THOCK SHOT ~~ DOANE -- es he contims up the street,
text: pest the Tyo Cldsters, whom he passes in antual silence,
text: end then past the General Store. the window,
text: altho Deane does not pause to lock inside. Weaver acd
text: Sam can be seen at the safe in the rear. Doane contimes
text: te the end of the block. Almost without thinking, be
text: stops there, staring almost blankly up the quiet street.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE. He becomes conscious of the
text: eweat rolling down his forehead, and wipes his face
text: with bis handkerchier. Then, walking very slowly, be
text: turns the corner, the CAMERA THUCKING WITH hin.
text: ONT. SALCON. Harvey has been watching Doane through the
text: viniow. Now, he gets up suddenly, his face tight with
text: decision, and goes cut of the saloon.
text: EXT. LIVERY STABLE. Doane approaches the entrance to the
text: stable. It is closed. A crude sign on the decor reads
text: "GONE TO CHURCH.” Deane goes around toward the rear of
dialog: the stable.
dialog: 
dialog: be
dialog: Bed bull
dialog: 
dialog: =
dialog: i:
dialog: way es Ect
dialog: i]
dialog: Ui
dialog: 
dialog: =
speaker_heading: OBEY &
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PR Pail
speaker_heading: ARQ” RD AR
dialog: tn a ee a
dialog: i
speaker_heading: iT
dialog: 8
dialog: ee ee
dialog: ose
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: re
dialog: td
dialog: +.
dialog: yn
dialog: ”
dialog: akg
dialog: 255.
dialog: High Noon 123
text: Tmt. STAELZ. A half-dozen horses are standing quietly in
text: their stalls as Doane enters the stable. de stands there
text: & woment, accustoming his eyes to the cool, quiet semi-~
dialog: twilight after the harshness of the sunlight. ‘Then,
text: slowly, be goes cver to one of the stalls ami looks at
text: the horse in it. It is a strong, fast animal, and the
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Doane's eyes as they roam over the sleek
dialog: body amd powerful legs. This horse could make a race of
text: it across the plains.
speaker_heading: HARVEY'S VOICE (.s.)
dialog: Put a seddle on ois, Doane...
text: Surprised, Deane turms quickly, sees that Harvey bas
text: come ints the stable behind him. Harvey comes toward
text: him, his old confidence surging back {ato hin.
speaker_heading: EARVEY
dialog: Go on, saddle him. He'll goa
dialog: long way before he tires, . . . That's
dialog: whet you were thinking, ain't is?
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Kind of...
text: Harvey studies bis face with almost greedy curiosity.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: You scared?
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: EARVEY
dialog: (triumphantly)
dialog: Timew it. It stems to reason... .
dialog: (rushes past him)
dialog: Coma on, Ill help you --
text: He sees a saddle hanging nearby, takes it down and goes
dialog: te put it on the horse.
speaker_heading: HARVEST
dialog: {almest feverishly)
dialog: You've wasted « lot of time, but
dialog: you still got a start. Milt and
dialog: the others've been doing a lot cf
dialog: drinking. It might slow 'em up...
dialog: 
dialog: 124 High Noon
text: Doane has been watching Harvey as he throws the saddle
text: on the horse, He shrugs vearily.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (smiling wryly)
dialog: Seems like all everybody end his
dialog: wrother wants {3 to get se cut
dialog: of town.
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Well, nobedy wants to see you
dialog: get killed.
text: Tiredly, Doane turts end starts out of the stable. Barvay
text: hears him, amd turns quickly.
speaker_heading: HARVED :
dialog: Hold it -- vhere you going?
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (aully) .
dialog: Tdon't imow. Back to the office,
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: BARVEY
dialog: Oh, no: You're getting on that
dialog: horse amd you're getting cut!
text: Doane turns sway from him. Harvey grabe his arm and turns
text: bim back to face himself.
speaker_heading: EARVEY
dialog: at's the matter vith you? You
dialog: ready to do it yourself --
dialog: said so:
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Teck, Harve, I thought about it
dialog: because I vas tired. You think
dialog: about a lot of things vhen you're
dialog: tired -- when people cross the
dialog: street so they von't have to look
dialog: at your face... . Amd with everytody
dialog: calling se I ought te get out, for
dialog: a aimite there I began to vonder
dialog: if shey veren't right... . mitt
dialog: ean't do it...
dialog: age
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: x
dialog: Rie
dialog: a
dialog: 4
dialog: hv
speaker_heading: RUN BRtd
dialog: te thea
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: =
dialog: High Noon 125
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: (almost frantic)
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (honestly)
dialog: Idon't tnow...
speaker_heading: HARVEY
dialog: Get on that horse, Will,
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Why's it so important to you?
dialog: You don't care if I live or die.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EARVEY
dialog: Come on <<
text: He starts to shove Doane toward the horse. Doane stands
dialog: his ground.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: | Don’t shove me, Herve. I'm tired
dialog: cee eof being shoved. . . . I don't mow
dialog: what I'm going to do, but vhatever
dialog: ' it ts it's going to be ay vay.
speaker_heading: —_ HARVEY
dialog: (frantic cov)
dialog: ia You're gatting out of town if I
dialog: ot
dialog: have to beat your brains out and
dialog: tie you to that horse!
text: Doane jerks loose from him and starts out. Sarvey swings
text: at him and connects to the back and side of his jaw, ani
text: Doane goes face down to the stable floer. Harvey hurries
text: = to him, grabs him and starts to drag him toward the horse.
text: a He has started to lift Deane on the horse when Doane comes
text: to. He jerks cut of Harvey's grasp. Disappointed, Harvey
text: ~ launches himself at him. Doane sets himsel? as quickly as
text: a be can, but Harvey's momentum lets him gat the first blows
text: ad in, bard Dlows that semi Doene reeling. Then Doane fights
text: ~ back. They punish each other mercilessly, nothing tarred.
text: Le The horses, becoming nervous, rear and whinny in their
text: ee stalls. Doace goes dovn again, then Harvey, They roll
text: ami tumble under the rearing hooves ef the horses. Once,
text: = Doane is knocked down under a horse, and narrowly escapes
dialog: fad
dialog: 128 High Noon
dialog: 256.
dialog: 257.
dialog: 258.
speaker_heading: 259—
text: being trampled. As the fight reaches a climax, the horses
text: go completaly vild. Then, finally, Doane connects with a
text: series cf crushing blows, end Harvey goes down and cut.
text: Deane stands over him, panting and dazed. Then, almost
text: staggering, he goes to a bag of feed, slumps exhaustedly
text: down on it, and sits there, bis breach whistling through
text: his truised lips.
text: INT, HOTEL LOBBY. Amy is staring up at the clock. ‘The
text: time is ten to twelve. Behind bis desk, the Clerk is
text: whistling softly as he goes about kis work. Amy comes
text: te a decision. She rises ani goes to the desk.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Excuse te --
dialog: (then, as the Clerk
dialog: locks at her)
dialog: What ia Mes. Ramirez’ room
dialog: number?
text: The Clerk looks at her, Then « glitter of amsement cones
speaker_heading: AMT
dialog: (maintaining her poise)
dialog: Thank you.
text: She turns from him ami goes to the stairs.
text: TOT, HOTEL STAIRWAY <= on Amy as she counts the stairs.
text: TT, HALGWAY -- on Amy as she reaches the second floor and
text: leoks about uncertainly. Then she moves doubtfully down
text: the ball in the direction af Helen's rooms, and sees the
text: mumber cn Helen's doar. She pulls herself together ani
text: knocks.
text: UM. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM, Helen and Sam are facing each
text: other across the table, on which lies a small stack of
text: money. They react to Amy's knock.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Come in +=
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: =
dialog: =
speaker_heading: gH
dialog: =
dialog: A
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: a
dialog: ae
dialog: i
dialog: + 54
dialog: eed
dialog: el
dialog: “i
dialog: Ee
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EH bea bt
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Sy TOS
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: Aa Bay
speaker_heading: RY
dialog: a
dialog: Ba
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon 127
text: The door opens, and Amy stands in the doorvay. Helen
text: and Sam stare at her in surprise, and Amy remains rooted
text: there, comfused by Sam's presence and her first sight of
text: Helen. Helen recovers first.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yea ~~ 7
speaker_heading: AMT
dialog: Mes. Ramirez?
dialog: (as Helen nods)
dialog: I'm Mrs. Domne...
speaker_heading: SELEY
dialog: T mew.
dialog: Amy
dialog: May I come in?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Te you like...
text: Sam takes hig cue and gees cut silently as Amy comes into
text: the room. New that she has come this far, she is confused
dialog: ami uncertain again. The tvo vomen take each other in for
text: a long mowent. Finally, Helen breaks the strained silence.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Sit down, Mrs. Doane...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No, thank ym...
speaker_heading: HELEY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Weat do you want?
text: Amy reelizes that Helen has misunderstood her refusal,
dialog: - Aur
dialog: Fleawe . . . it's just that I'm
dialog: afraid if T sat down I wouldn't
dialog: be able to get up again.
speaker_heading: ELEN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Tt wasn't easy for me to come here...
dialog: = Ee
dialog: 128 High Noca
speaker_heading: HELEy
dialog: (unrelenting)
dialog: Way?
speaker_heading: . AMY
dialog: \ (meeting the issue)
dialog: Leek, Mrs. Ramirez . . . Will and ft
dialog: were tarvied an hour ago -- ve
dialog: 1 were all packed and ready to
dialog: . leave. . . . Then this thing happened,
dialog: a and he wouldn't go. I did every-
dialog: thing -- I plasded. I threatened
dialog: ' him —~ I couldn't reack kim.
text: Helen has been listening intently, watching Amy's face.
dialog: And sow?
dialog: ae
dialog: ‘ (quietly)
dialog: That ann downstairs — the clerk --
dialog: he said things about you andi Will... .
dialog: I’ve been trying to understand why
dialog: he wouldn't go away with ne. Now
dialog: 1 all, I can think of {3 that it's got
dialog: to be because of you.
speaker_heading: SELES
dialog: (deliberately)
dialog: What do you want from ae?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Let him go: He's still gota
dialog: chance = let him go!
text: There is a pause. Helen has 4 brier inner struggle, then
dialog: decides to te honest.
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: IT can't help you.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Flease . ..
speaker_heading: ELEN
dialog: He's not staying for me. I
dialog: af
dialog: bl ted
speaker_heading: M4
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: 
dialog: 3
dialog: =
dialog: =
dialog: s
dialog: 
dialog: bi
dialog: Ee!
dialog: Bay
speaker_heading: EX) Ral
dialog: 4
dialog: i
speaker_heading: Bg
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ra RA
dialog: j
dialog: Fey
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon 129
speaker_heading: RELES (Cont’d.)
dialog: haven't spoken to him for a
dialog: year -- until today. I told
dialog: him to go. I'm Leaving on
dialog: the same train you are...
text: Amy stares at her, believing her. But vith belief, her
text: econfusion returns.
dialog: Amy
dialog: Then vhat is it? Why?
speaker_heading: EELEN
dialog: If you don't knew, I can't explain
dialog: it to you...
speaker_heading: aMy
dialog: (aully)
dialog: Thank you... anyway. You've been
dialog: very kind.
text: She. turns and starts cut.
speaker_heading: BELEN
dialog: (lashing out at her)
dialog: What kint cf « wouan are you? Yow
dialog: can you leave aim like this? Does
dialog: the sound of guns frighten you that
dialog: much?
text: Amy has turned ant vaited her out.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (quietly, with great
dialog: dignity)
dialog: No, Mes. Ramiree. I've heard
dialog: guns. My father and ay brother
dialog: were killed ty guns. They vere
text: on the right side, but it didn't
dialog: help them when the shooting
dialog: Started. My brother was aineteen.
dialog: T watched bim die. . . . That's when I
dialog: became a Quaker <= because every
dialog: other religion said it vas alright
dialog: for people to kill eack other at
dialog: least cuce in a while. . . . 2 don't care
dialog: who's right or wrong! There's got to
dialog: be some bettar way for people to live! . oo
dialog: eee nein tenement tet ee
dialog: . 130 High Noon
text: Sue starts cut again.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ELEN =
dialog: (gently) Ss
dialog: Just a minute... .
dialog: (aa Amy turns)
dialog: Ava you going to wait for the train
dialog: downstairs?
dialog: (as Amy nods)
dialog: That man down there can’t be much
dialog: ‘ company. Why don't you vait here?
dialog: 
dialog: =
dialog: i
speaker_heading: 1 AMY
dialog: (reacting to the sympathy
dialog: : im her tone)
dialog: Thank you. Iwill...
speaker_heading: ‘sf
dialog: Ir
dialog: bed
text: 1 She comes forward into the room again, sees the chair Helen
text: has offered her before, hesitates an instant, then sits
dialog: 1 down. Helen takes another chair. For « nement the silence
text: ‘ is strained again. Amy looks down at the arms of the chair
text: she is sitting in, realizing that Will must have sat here
text: many times in the past. Her eyes go about the reca, amt
dialog: 
dialog: b
text: finally reach Helen. Helen 1s aware of vhat Amy is thinking. aa
text: 1° She nods in quiet affirmation. Amy takes it. =
text: t 263. INT. STABLE. Doane has recovered and is on his feet nov. =
text: ; His face is still marked and bloedstained, but he is a
text: attempting with his battered hands to bring some senblance
text: of order to his clothing. Finished, be looks down at his
text: bruised muckles and fingers, then starts cut. Seeing 4
text: backet of vater, he stogs, looks tack where Harvey is still
text: lying unconscious on the stable floor, picks up the bucket,
text: goes to Harvay end douses his limp body with it. ‘Then be a
text: tosses the bucket aside and goes cut. =
text: 264, EXT, STABLE —- TRUCK SHOT -~ on Doane as be comes out of the =
text: stable and moves vearily up the street to the cain street, =
text: and turns the corner into it.
text: 4 265. EXY. BARBER SHOP. Doane approaches it and goes in. id
text: 266- INT. PARHER SHOP. ‘The Server, alone in the shop, is putting =
text: 268. his instruments in a cupboard as Deane comes in. There is =
text: the SOUND cf hammering from the rear. —_
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: You got seme clean vater I can use?
dialog: }
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: j
dialog: £
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: a EY
speaker_heading: Fa 1 Wl
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon 131
text: The Berber turns and recognizes hin.
speaker_heading: . BARBER
dialog: Why, sure, Marshal --
dialog: (then, Looking at ~
dialog: him more closely)
dialog: Sure, sure...
dialog: (he motions to
dialog: the chair)
dialog: Sit down
text: Deane goes over to it ami sinks into it. The Barber draws
text: goue vater, staring over his shoulder at Doane. He gets a
text: towel and soaks it in the water.
speaker_heading: AREER
dialog: Run into some kind of trouble,
dialog: Marshal?
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: “No trouble...
text: He becomes conscious of the hammering. The Barber comes
text: over with the wet tovel.
speaker_heading: DOARE,
dialog: What are you building?
text: ‘The Barber is embarrassed and ashamed.
speaker_heading: BAREER
dialog: Just <= just fixing things up
dialog: oat back. 2.
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: Yow take it easy, Mr. Doane.
dialog: Just settle back =~
text: Doane relaxes and closes his eyes. The Barber carefully
text: wraps the wet towel about bis face, then burries to the
text: rear door.
speaker_heading: BAREER
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Pred e+ 5
dialog: (es the bammering
dialog: continues)
dialog: Pred! .. . Hold it e while,
dialog: will you?
dialog: 132 High Noon
text: ‘The hammering stops.
speaker_heading: FRED'S VOICE
dialog: (puzzled )
dialog: Hold it?
speaker_heading: BAREER
dialog: (eutting in)
dialog: You just stop until I tell you
dialog: to start egain -- |
text: He turns from the doorway, geta a basin and fills it
text: with water. Ze takes it to Doane, sets it in his
text: Lap, then takes Doane’s battered hands and puts then
text: in the basin, looking at the bruised knuckles vith
text: eurtosity es he doeg so. He stares et Doane's hidden
text: face for a moment, then locks up at the cleck. CAMERA
text: PANS UP to it. It is seven minutes to tvelve.
dialog: 26-270. gor
dialog: 27.
dialog: 272.
text: EX. RAILROAD STATION. Jordan, Pierce and Colby ere
text: ehecking their gums, carefully reloading then ani .
text: adjusting their belts and holsters. Beside Milt there
text: is an extra gum-belt holding two guns.
text: I¥f. STAELE. Harvey is straightening his clothes. ‘The
dialog: fine patina of confidence ami conceit is gone and be
text: looks utterly crushed end defeated. He goes wearily out.
text: INT. BAREER SHOP, ‘The Barber vatches Deane as he adjusts
text: Ris coat, takes a final look at his face in the airrcr,
dialog: and starts oot.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Thanks =
text: He goes on to the docr.
speaker_heading: BAREER
dialog: You're velcome, Marshal.
text: Deane stops at the door, reaches into a pocket, fishes
dialog: out a coin. *
speaker_heading: BARSER
dialog: Oh, no charge, Marshal -~
dialog: ted
dialog: thu
dialog: ll
dialog: 
dialog: =
dialog: is tit
dialog: t
dialog: a
dialog: ai
dialog: —_
dialog: aes
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: k
dialog: We kind
speaker_heading: EA
speaker_heading: fal A
dialog: 
dialog: Wed
dialog: é
dialog: 4
dialog: 
dialog: ae 8 ey
dialog: 4
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: A bea ey
dialog: =
dialog: e
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: 4 AR
dialog: &
dialog: 4
dialog: ve
dialog: [-
dialog: 7
dialog: vr
dialog: “4
dialog: 2TT-
dialog: 280.
dialog: High Noon 133
text: Deane looks at him, untouched by his eagerness so please.
text: Deliverately, he flips it to the Barber, who catches it.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (and he knows what be
dialog: is talking about)
dialog: Tou can tell your man to go back
dialog: to verk now...
text: He goes cut. The Zarber stares after him as he passes
text: the windew. Then he shrugs helplessly, and goes to the
text: rear door.
speaker_heading: BARBER
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Alright, Pred. Go ahead...
text: EXT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Doane approaches the office,
text: eyes narroved against the glare of the mm. He sees
text: that his note still flutters on the door. He rips it
text: otf, starts in, then stops end locks up at the sky.
text: FULL SHOT — SEY. The glaring vhite-hot ball of fire is
text: almost exactly at its tenith. If hangs there, beleful,
dialog: merciless,
text: MED, CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE. He squints, rubs his eyes,
text: goes into his office.
text: OWT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Saker, armed, is pacing the floor
text: tensely. Ine or the room, almost hidden in the
dialog: i
text: shadow, the Loy bad Sent to find the selectmen is
text: standing. Seker turns quickly es Doane comes in and
text: tries to accustom his eyes to the change in Light.
speaker_heading: BAZER
dialog: Will --
text: Doane stares at him with relief and remembrance.
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: I guesa I forgot about you, Herb.
dialog: I'm sure glad you're here.
text: He goes to his desk.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: I couldn't figure out what was
dialog: 14 High Noon
speaker_heading: BAKER (Cont'd. )
dialog: keeping you. Time's getting
dialog: short
text: Deane looks up at the vall clock. It ia five to twelve.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Sure is...
speaker_heading: BAKER.
dialog: When are the cther toys going to
dialog: get here? We got to make plans . . .
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: The other toys?
text: He realizes that Saker dces not crow. He turns to face hin.
speaker_heading: DQaKE
dialog: There aren't any other boys, Herb.
dialog: It's just you ani me...
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: You're joking...
speaker_heading: DOAZE
dialog: No. I couldn't get anybody.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Idon't believe it! This town
dialog: ain't that low -~
speaker_heading: OAR
dialog: To couldn't get amytedy . . .
text: - Baker stares at him. ‘Then, suddenly, full realization
text: of the situation comes to him.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Then it’s just you amt me?
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: I guesa so.
text: Ta kis corner, forgotten by Beker end unseen ty Doane,
text: the Boy locks om, fascinated.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: F.
dialog: _
dialog: «
dialog: 
dialog: ua
dialog: i
dialog: bu:
dialog: Sa
dialog: Be
speaker_heading: BE
dialog: =
dialog: 
dialog: be
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ’ : High Noon 135
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Tou and me, against Jordan and --
dialog: al. four of.'em...
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: That's right. . . . You want
dialog: out, Herb?
speaker_heading: PAKER,
dialog: (writhing inwardly)
dialog: Well, it's not that I vant out, no.
dialog: Bat. . . I'll tall you the truth... .
dialog: I didn't figure on anything Like this,
dialog: Deane. Nothing like this -~
speaker_heading: DOANE .
dialog: (amtling mirthleasly)
dialog: Neither did I...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: ~ (with growing terror)
dialog: I volunteered. You know I aid.
dialog: * ne You didn't have to come to oe.
dialog: ae . Twas ready. . . . I'm ready now!
dialog: ‘ Bat this-is different. ‘This
dialog: ain't Like what you seid it was
dialog: , going to be. . . . This is just plain
dialog: i . committing suicide, that's vhat
dialog: 
dialog: mae
dialog: it is! Amd for what? Why me?
dialog: v I'm 20 lewemen «» I just live here! . . .
dialog: a T got nothing personal against
dialog: anybody -— I got ne stake in this!
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (omrably)
dialog: I guess not...
speaker_heading: _ SARER
dialog: There's a limit how much you can
dialog: ask a can: -- I've got a vite and
dialog: kids! . . . Wast about oy kids?
dialog: Tt's not fair -= you ain't got the
dialog: right to ask it -=
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Go home to your kids, Herb...
text: Baker grabs up his rifle and starts towerd the door,
dialog: 
dialog: “
dialog: 136 High Noon
text: He stops, striving for a remnant of decency.
speaker_heading: BARR
dialog: You get some other fellows, and
dialog: T'LL stil. go through vith it,
speaker_heading: Doane
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Ge on home, Herb!
text: Saker hurries cut. The door slams loudly behind bim.
text: Doane stares into nothing for a moment, turns and sits
text: down automatically. ‘Then bis contrel gives way, and
text: the tide of bitterness ent anger overflows in him. He
text: pounds bis battered fista om the desk top brutally,
text: almost sobbing his outrage. ‘The surge of emotion abbe.
text: Gradually, Deane reclaims his hold on himself. In the
text: corner, the Boy locks on, wide-eyed and frightened.
text: Deane straightens, vipes his face and eyes, turns his
text: chai> and sees the Boy.
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: (vrusquely) ~
dialog: Woat do you vant?
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: IT found ‘em, Marshal, Like you
dialog: vented me to -~ all but Mr,
dialog: Henderson.
text: Doane is fully himself now.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: T found him. . . . Thanks...
dialog: mor
dialog: Oh, you're welcome --
text: He hesitates, efraid to say vhet he bas in aind, Doane
text: - leeks at him quizzically. fe comes to him.
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Marshal - Listen -- let me fight
dialog: with you! I'm not afraid!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 3
dialog: is
dialog: id
speaker_heading: BY
dialog: +
speaker_heading: A BEF
speaker_heading: L
dialog: High Noon 137
dialog: Be.
dialog: Bor
dialog: Please, let me, Marshal!
speaker_heading: DOASE
dialog: You're a kid. You're a baby...
speaker_heading: OY
dialog: I'm sixteen: Amd I can handle «
dialog: gum, too. You ought to see ne --
speaker_heading: DOARE :
dialog: You're fourteen. . . . What do you
dialog: want to lie for?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Well, I'm big for my ege. ...
dialog: Please, Marshal...
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: Ho!
dialog: (he rises and goes
dialog: to him)
dialog: You're big for your age, alright... .
dialog: Bat you get out of here -~
dialog: mor
dialog: Aw, please...
speaker_heading: DOARE
dialog: Gaon, goon...
text: He turns away, The Boy starts unhappily to the door.
text: Doane steps, turns back to him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TDOARE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Jommny .. .
text: Johnny turna to nim, his eyes brimming over.
speaker_heading: DOANE .
text: . He gives a little wave, as when a man says gocdby to a
text: c friem. Johnny manages to muster a kind of a smile and
text: returns the gesture. Then he is gone. Doane Looks after
dialog: e
dialog: SSE eter ec ney ee em eee neti ee se ae EES sneer
dialog: 
dialog: een tet Ee sand eee _——
dialog: 138 High Noon
dialog: 281.
dialog: 283.
text: him, elmest smiling, the rage and bitterness in hin
text: leavened a Little. ‘Then be goes ta his desk, sits down,
text: takes bis guns out of their holsters and checks then
text: methodically. His bruised fingers are clumsy. He puts
text: bis gum down ami locks down at bis hands ruefully. ie
text: rubs and kneads his fingers, then picks up the gun again.
text: CLOSEUP ~~ GUN IN DOANE'S HAND. It Locks deadly.
text: BACK TO SCEIE. Deane stares down at the gun. is hamt
text: turns the barrel upward, pointing towerd his face. For
dialog: an instant {t alnost seems an if he is Weighing the
text: benefits of a quick, more aereitul, self-inflicted death.
text: He presses the trigger. The safety catch is on. It
text: clicks harmlessly. Ze picks up the cther gun in his
text: lett hemi and vores the trigger on it. Then, putting
text: down both guns, be opens a draver, takes out a box of
text: bullets amt stuffs bullets into his ccat pockets.
text: EXT. RAILROAD STATION. Jordan and the others have acved
text: down to the track. Jordan is pacing tansely. Fierce
text: amd Colby are staring down the Gleaming trace. There is
text: no sign of the train in the distance.
text: INT. CHURCH. ‘The congregation is singing a byan.
text: Henderson, as he sings, takes cut his watch and looks
text: at. it. He shakes his head slightly, returns his wateh,
text: and keeps on singing.
dialog: 285-286. our.
dialog: 287.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT -- WOODEN SIGN. Weathertesten ani so Taded
dialog: that it is diffieul. to read, it says:
scene_heading: "STAGE STATION"
text: EXT. CORRAL. We see now that the Sign.is over the corral
text: gates. Near the gates, Toby bas Peterson tied hand and
text: foot in a sitting position, and he 13 now tying him to
text: ome of the fence rails, Ih the b.g., MARTINEZ, a middle
text: aged Mexican, tas tethered the horses. Ha comes out of
text: the corral and locks on as Toby finishes and straightens.
dialog: (interested )
dialog: What he do?
speaker_heading: TORY
dialog: Oh, he's a tad boy. .. . Very bad...
dialog: 
dialog: =o
dialog: 4
dialog: =
dialog: 2
dialog: a
dialog: ken
dialog: 14
dialog: fo G2 8) me aca
dialog: uf
dialog: Bled Bi
dialog: ie
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 289~
dialog: 293.
dialog: Righ Noon
text: Ee turns and starta for the low house past the corral,
text: acd Martinez falls in alongside, the CAMERA TRUCKING
text: WITH then.
dialog: Torr
dialog: How's the beer?
speaker_heading: MARTINEZ
dialog: Bow is ay cerveza?
text: Ze shrugs contemptucusly.
speaker_heading: ToRr
dialog: cola?
speaker_heading: MARTINEZ
dialog: Like weel water...
text: Toby smiles happily. ‘They heave reached the house.
text: EXD, MARTINEZ HOUSE. Toby sprawls on the porch step, es
text: Martiner goes om into the house. Toby lets himself go,
text: stretching his tired and aching muscles, then starts to
text: roll, a cigarette. Martine: comes out with a copper
text: pitcher amd two mugs. He starts to pour beer for Toby
dialog: amd himsel?.
speaker_heading: TwoH
dialog: How's business?
speaker_heading: MARTINEZ
dialog: It will be better when the stage
text: runs again.
speaker_heading: TORY
dialog: That stage ein’t never going to
dialog: ran agnin. Ain't you heard? We
dialog: got a reilread now.
speaker_heading: MARTINEZ
dialog: (abrugging)
text: Toby locks down at his beer vith delight, then takes «
text: lesg drink. He sighs happily.
speaker_heading: MARTINEZ
dialog: IT go to the horses now. You
dialog: wish your friend to drink?
dialog: 139
dialog: 140 High Noon
text: Toby hesitates, then kis good nature gives in.
speaker_heading: TORY
dialog: Give him beer. . . . Sut be careful.
dialog: May malo...
text: Martines shrugs again, pours « ougtul of beer, sets the
text: pitcher down and goes cut of scene. ‘Toby takes another
text: drink. A pretty young Mexican Girl comes out. She
dialog: recognizes hin.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN GIRL
dialog: Look who's bere. Wild 3111
dialog: Hickoek . . .
speaker_heading: TORY
dialog: Ah, Chicquita. .. . Come esta?
dialog: Tt is obvious that. they know each other well.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN GIRL
dialog: If you really vant to know, you
dialog: come by once in « while.
dialog: Tosr
dialog: Tbeen busy...
speaker_heading: MEXICAN Giw
dialog: Sure. You're « big mn. Very
dialog: _ busy. Very impertant ...
text: Grinning, Teby shoves over his empty mug. Caralessly,
text: she moves it back with her toe.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN GIRL
dialog: What happened to your clothes?
dialog: torr
dialog: T been swimming.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN GIRL
dialog: In your clothes?
speaker_heading: TORY
dialog: Sure...
speaker_heading: MEXICAN GIRL
dialog: You're crazy.
dialog: fol
dialog: bed tol
dialog: Kad
dialog: bed
dialog: [ep
dialog: Bid
dialog: ge
dialog: He
dialog: 1 a
dialog: et
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon ldl
speaker_heading: TOBY
dialog: I got a crazy job.
text: He flicks the aug closer to her. Again she inches. it
text: back to bim with an insolently provocative toe-nudge.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN GIRL
dialog: You going ta stay a while?
dialog: rear :
dialog: T got to go. T got « priscner.
dialog: Besides, I'm invited to a
dialog: wedding...
speaker_heading: MEXICAN GIRL
dialog: Tf you stay a while, I'LL wash
dialog: your shirt...
text: Their eyes meet and hold. Toby turns and looks out to
text: where Petersen is sprawled cear the fence. Then he -
text: takes cut his Large old-fashioned watch, Looks at it,
text: pots it to bis ear, shakes it, puts it to his eer again.
text: Ee shrugs.
dialog: i Torr
dialog: } What do you know. Must have
dialog: stopped when I went swimming --
dialog: 
text: He pats the vatch avay, his eyes meeting the Girl's again.
dialog: ef -
dialog: :
dialog: Ab -~ I probably aissed that
dialog: 4 wedding anyway...
dialog: pe
text: & Smiling, the Girl bends and gets his mg ani starts to
dialog: - Till it with teer.
text: & 29k, CLOSEOP ~~ CLOCK IN MARSHALS OFFICE. ‘he time is tvo
text: minutes to tvelve. CAMERA PANS DOW to Doane, writing
text: er at his desk.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ass. INSERT -- DOANE'S BAND -~ as: it writes:
dialog: =
scene_heading: mn LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT
text: ~ Aa he crosses the Last "T" he pauses. In the silence the
dialog: r lout ticking of the clock can be beard. Deliverately, he
text: =e draws a line under the words.
dialog: 4
dialog: 142 High Noon ~
text: 296. INT. SALCON. ALL the Men are silently vatching the clock. =
text: 2oT- INT. HELEN'S FRONT ROOM. Amy is still im the chair, lost _
text: 300. im her thoughts. Helen (s standing at the window, looking 3
text: down into the street.
speaker_heading: HELaY =e
dialog: Where are you going vhen you =
dialog: leave town?
dialog: os
dialog: Home. St. Louis... ”
dialog: mz
speaker_heading: HELEN =
dialog: (cumming to her) 3
dialog: All that way elone? —
dialog: =
dialog: - =
dialog: AM =
dialog: That's the vay I came... . My family
dialog: 
dialog: unhappy mo matter vhat Ide. ‘Back
dialog: home they think I'm very strange. -
dialog: I'm e feminist. You imow, women's s
dialog: Tights -- things Like that... . ‘
dialog: (she locks up at Helen)
dialog: Where will you go?
dialog: 
text: Helen shrugs.
dialog: Why are you going? Are you afraid Sat
dialog: of that man?
dialog: Not afraid, so... . There are —
dialog: very few sen who cannot be canaged, =
dialog: one way or another... =
dialog: =)
dialog: They each think cf Doane, amd Look at each other. —
dialog: Then Helen goes one Fa
speaker_heading: HELay =
dialog: I'm just tired... . =
dialog: (ashe starts to pace) a
dialog: IT hate this town. I've always bated
dialog: it. To be a Mexican voman in a town
dialog: like this... . Fi
dialog: (she shakes her head)
dialog: |
dialog: =
dialog: y
dialog: |
dialog: a mae
dialog: fey
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: fd) FF
dialog: =
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon 143
speaker_heading: HELEN (Cont'd. )
dialog: I married Ramirez when I vas sixteen.
dialog: Be was fat and ugly, foolish. When
dialog: he touched me, I vould teal sick.
dialog: Bat he had woney. When he died, I
dialog: hed money. . . . I sold the salooa.
dialog: I bought the biggest store in town.
dialog: Sobody knev. I hired « big citizen
dialog: to mm it for me. Mobedy knew that
dialog: either. Big citizens do many things
dialog: tor money. . . - And all the fine Ladies,
dialog: who never sav me vhen they passed ne
dialog: om the street, they paid ne their
dialog: money and they never mer... . I
dialog: enjoyed it for a vhile. But now...
dialog: (ake shrugs again)
dialog: Aur
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Toumderstand . . .
speaker_heading: HELEY
dialog: You de? That's good. I don't
dialog: understand you... .
dialog: (as Amy looks at ber)
dialog: No matter vhat you say, if Deane
dialog: was wy man, I'd never leave here.
dialog: I'd get a gon = I'd fight...
speaker_heading: Aue
dialog: (deliberately)
dialog: Wey doen't you?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: He's not my mn...
text: She turns suddenly end goes to one of her bags, opens
text: vummeges in it, comes up with ea gun.
speaker_heading: ELEY
dialog: Bere. Take this. You're his wife...
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Ho! If Idid I'd be saying oy
dialog: whole life up to now was wrong!
dialog: 144 High Noon
dialog: 30.
dialog: 32.
dialog: 303.
dialog: 30k,
dialog: 305.
dialog: 30T.
dialog: 308.
dialog: 309.
dialog: 310.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Right, wrong, vhat's the difference?
dialog: He's your aan --
speaker_heading: Aue
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Ts be? What made Sim symen? A
dialog: few words spoken ty a Judge? Does
dialog: that cake a marriage? . , . There's
dialog: too ach vrong between us -- {tf
dialog: doesn't fit! Anyway, this ts wheat
dialog: he chogea .. .
text: There is an instant of complete silence, vhich is
text: shattered suddenly by the distant but Loud, hoarse screen of
text: a train vbistle. Invelimtarily, both women react physically.
text: INT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. The train whistle continues OVER.
text: Deane has been sitting at his desk, writing. He sits
text: there, frozen.
text: EXT. STREET. The Tvo Old Men listen. The Train whistle
text: cemtioes OVER.
text: INT. SALOON. ‘Train weistle OVER, ‘The Men are rooted in
dialog: their places.
text: INT. ROGM. Harvey {* sprawled on the rumpled bed. there
text: is a bottle nearby. He hears the vhistle.
text: EXT, BAILROAD STATION. Train whistle OVER. Jordan,
text: Pierte ami Colby are standing at the tracks. The train
text: is not yet visible. ‘Then the whistle stops. They Look.
text: EXT, COUNTRYSIDE -- TRAIN TRACKS. In the distance a small
text: cloud of smoke can be seen.
text: INT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE -- on Doane -~ as he vaits. ‘Then
text: there is the scumd of the SECOND WHISTLE.
text: ONT, CHURCH, The Congregation is on its feet, Henderson
text: in the f.g., but no one is singing as the train vhistle
dialog: continues OVER,
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- ORGANIST. He is vorking the kays but
text: the music emerges with the sound of the whistle.
scene_heading: INT. FULLER LIVING 30CM. ‘Train whistle OVER, Fuller and
dialog: bis wife listen.
dialog: lial
dialog: 3
dialog: a8
dialog: 
dialog: iad
dialog: (ui
dialog: tity
dialog: 
dialog: =
dialog: —t
dialog: 
dialog: tha kb
dialog: 
dialog: Wey
dialog: ei
dialog: uw
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 
dialog: _
dialog: , = 312.
dialog: + Ss 343.
dialog: * ea
dialog: w= 3b,
dialog: ' & 25.
dialog: hig
dialog: ae né.
dialog: : | im 3uT.
dialog: ¢
dialog: E 318.
dialog: es
dialog: ,
dialog: = m9.
dialog: 320.
dialog: , Ez 322.
dialog: | 13
dialog: =
dialog: '- =
dialog: =
dialog: =. 323.
dialog: Baku.
dialog: 
dialog: High Noon 145
text: Xf. MARTIN HOWE'S HOUSE. ‘rain whistle OVER. Hove sits
text: im his chair, Listening.
text: DM. SALCON, ‘rain whistle OVER. The Men Listen.
scene_heading: DST. HELEN'S PRONT ROOM, Train vhistle OVER. Helen and
text: Amy listen. The vhistle dies.
scene_heading: DWT. DOANE'S GFFICE. He vaits.
text: Ext. STATION, Jordan, Pierce and Colby wait. There is
text: still no sign cf the train. They look at each other
text: tensely.
text: INT. STATIONMASTER'S OFFICE, He stands Footed, waiting.
text: INT. SELEY'S FRONT ROOM. Amy amt Helen look at each other,
text: their eyes asking the question they are afraid to speek.
text: THT. SALOON. ‘The Men tegin to look at each other wooder-
dialog: ingly.
text: DWT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Doane waits.
text: EXT, COUNTRYSIDE -- on the moving train.
text: TWT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, 02a Doane Weiting. Ee starts to
text: Pot down the pen he has been holding, end now, louder
text: than before, the third viristle blasts OVER the scenes.
text: Deane quivers. The breath he has been holding escapes
dialog: ine long scumtlass sigh.
text: ZXT. RAILROAD STATION. Jordan, Pierce and Colby look at
text: each cther in triumph. In the distance, the train becomes
text: visible.
text: ONT. SALOON, As the vhistle dies, the Men Stampede cut,
text: The saloon is empty. Pron outside, we hear the click of
text: Giliis' key in the lock, see the knob tums es he tries it.
text: UME, HELEN'S FRONT ROOM, Helen and Amy are both on their
text: feet, and Sam has Helen's bag. ‘They nove muably toward
text: the door.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Can I ride with you to the
dialog: Station?
dialog: a reremens earmene carat ee ee t=, rent geet
dialog: 148 High Noon
dialog: 330.
dialog: 331.
dialog: 332.
dialog: 333.
text: 33T.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Of course...
text: They start out.
text: Iff. MARSHAL'S OPPICE. Doane signs bis name to what he
text: hes written, folda it, then writes on it:
scene_heading: ‘30 BS OPENED IN TSE EVENT oF
text: Mt DEATH.
text: He places the folded testament in the center of tis desk,
text: and then puts the cartridge box on it for a peper-weight.
text: He rises, takes a deep breath.
text: EXT. HOTEL, The Clerk is closing the metal shutters.
text: They clang into place.
text: SERIES OF SHOTS -- cf shutters, windows ami doors being
dialog: closed all. cver town.
text: EY. RAILROAD STATION, Jordan, Pierce ami Colby watch
text: es the approaching train draws nearer. The noise cf
text: ita engine end wheels can be heard plainly now.
text: ‘DME. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Deane takes a last lock arcund
text: the office amd goes cut.
text: ‘EXT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE -= as Doane emerges into the sumlight.
text: He looks arcund.
text: EXY, SOIREE -- FROM DOANE'S POINT OF VIEW. It 1s completely
text: deserted. CAMERA FANS to other extreme of the street.
dialog: Tt, too, 1s eapty.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE. He miles mirthlessly. Suddenly,
text: there is the SOUND of horses’ hocves, and be turns.
text: EXt. STREET. ‘The tuckboard, Amy driving and Helen beside
text: her, comes down the street toward Doane.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE -~ as he sees and recognizes then.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -~ AMY AND HELEN -- as they see Doane.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE -= as he watches them approach.
text: CLOSEUP -= HELEN. ‘She is at her best. Her eyes are
text: looking directly toward Doane, and there is a faint
dialog: Bod
dialog: fraj
dialog: fe
dialog: bi Bey
dialog: é
dialog: La Bak ka Bed Gea
speaker_heading: LA
dialog: led
dialog: ba
dialog: ota
dialog: |
dialog: Wo.
dialog: ey
dialog: ki
speaker_heading: mn
dialog: 
dialog: \ Sa” AG
dialog: ea
dialog: ws
dialog: 
speaker_heading: reg BM,
dialog: rey’ re
dialog: €
dialog: wt
dialog: BL.
dialog: jhe
dialog: 343.
dialog: 35.
dialog: High Noon 147
text: smile cn her lips.
dialog: CLOSED? — AMY. She has never locked nore beautiful.
text: Her eyes avoid Doane's. .
text: CLOSEUP ~~ DOANE -- as he stares 0.8. at life itselr.
text: EXT, MARSEAL'S OFFICE «+ as the buckboard aveeps past
text: Doane. We see that Sam is sitting im the back among
text: the luggage. It passes cut of scene,
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- DOANE == as he locks efter the buckboard.
text: Then, with an effort, be pulls himself together, takes
text: out bis watch and locks at the time.
text: EXD. RAILROAD STATION. ‘The train pulls in. Conductors
text: alight. Jordan, Pierce and Colby wait impatiently. Then,
text: One of the car doors opens, and a moment Later GUY JORDAN
text: steps out inte the sunlight. He is « big man, pale, but
text: dangerous looking, implacable. ‘The three nen hurry to
text: Rim. Smiling, they extend their hanis to bim. Jorden is
text: not surprised to see then. He shakes hands unsmilingly,
text: then moves off to a nore seclided portion of the platform.
text: They follow hin.
scene_heading: EXT. QEATION -- ANOTHER ANGLE == as the buckboard drives
text: izto the.station yard ami stops near the tracks. Sam
text: Jwsps down and begins to unlcad the luggage, and Amy
text: and Helen climb down.
text: GROUP gHoT. Jordan extends his band inquiringly to
text: Milt. Sailing, Milt hands him two guns. Guy takes no
text: chances. He checks beth guns. ‘Then, locking up, ais
text: Glance goes 0.3, ant is caught there.
text: EXT. RAILROAD CAR. Sem is helping Amy up the steps,
text: Ag she goes in and he extents an arm to Helen, ake
text: looks off toward Guy.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- GUY JORDAN -< as his eyes meet Helen's.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- HELEN. Her eyes meet Guy's calmly.
text: Then, taking her tine, she climbs the ateps into the car.
text: GROUP SHOT. Guy watches her disappear without expression.
dialog: Nothing can interfere with the business at hami. He nods
text: to the others, and starts out of the station. They follow
dialog: him.
dialog: 148 High Noon
dialog: 350.
dialog: 351.
dialog: 352.
dialog: 353.
dialog: 354.
dialog: 353.
dialog: 356.
dialog: 357.
text: THT. RAILROAD CAR. Amy 1s sitting by the vindow, pale,
text: tense. Helen is beside her on the aisle, Sam pitting away
text: the last of the Luggage. He comes to Helen and they lock
text: at each other in silence. It is a difficult parting for
dialog: both of then.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (finally)
dialog: So long, Helen...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Geed-by, Sam. . . . You'll hear
dialog: from me...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (nedd tag)
dialog: Take care...
text: Sam's tight, weather~teaten face breaks into socething
text: like a smile, and he goes out quickly. ‘There is the
text: maiden o.8. blast of the train vhistle.
text: - EXT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Doane reacts to the vhiatle. Ee
text: teela for kis guns, then starts slowly but firmly down the
dialog: street.
text: EXT. QUREET -- on Jordan end the others as they come up the
text: middle of the street.
text: EXE, TOW -- HICH SHOT cf the cain street. We see the
text: ezall figures approaching each other, hidden from each
text: other by the bend of the street.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE TRUCE SHOT -- DOANZ. Aa he continues, keeping
text: along the sidewalk.
text: CLOSE TRUCKING GROUP SHOT -~ on Jorden and the others.
scene_heading: CLOSE TUCK SEDT -=- DOANE <= going on.
text: EXT. QREET -- on Jordan aod the cthers. Suddenly Milt
text: atops, his attention caught by a shop window. As he darts
text: over to it, the others stop, startled. Milt reeches the
text: shop. It has women's hats of the period on display.
text: Deliberately, Milt smashes the vindow with his gun butt,
text: Peaches in and takes cut a hat. Guy Jordan's grim face
dialog: tightens.
speaker_heading: ted td
speaker_heading: fd
dialog: tek
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: A ER
dialog: aby
dialog: le
dialog: fll
dialog: Piel
dialog: ei
speaker_heading: FAS pry
dialog: rn
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 359.
dialog: 360.
dialog: 362.
dialog: 362.
dialog: High Noon 149
speaker_heading: GUY JORDAN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Can't you wait?
speaker_heading: MILT
dialog: Just want to be ready...
text: He stuffs the bat under his shirt and hurries to rejoin
text: them. They continue up the street.
text: EXT. STREET -- on Doane as he continues. He reaches the
text: bend, patises, then takes shelter in the Space between
text: two houses. He vaits there.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT ~= DOANE. As he waits tensely.
text: EXT. STREET. Jordan end the cthers come into scene. They
text: Pasa Doane's hiding place and continue on. Doane lets
text: them go about twenty feet, then draws his guns.
speaker_heading: DOANE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Jordan -—
text: ‘The cther men turn, drawing es they do. Milt is the first
text: to shoot. His shot misses Deane, but Doane does not miss
text: Bim. Milt whirls and goes down. Bullets from the other
text: three pockmark the wall behind Deane. He returns the fire,
text: then rugs for it.
text: Ost. RAILROAD CAR =~ AMY AND HELEN. They sit tensely, as
text: the SOUND cf the gun fight comes OVER. ‘hen, suddenly,
text: the firing stops, and there is e dead silence. Helen
text: slumps a little, believing the fight is over end Doane is
text: dead. Amy stares at her, and then, beside herselt, leaps
text: to her feat, brushes past Helen and uns wildly to the deer.
text: EXT. RAILROAD STATION. Amy climbs down the steps and runs
text: wildly cut of the station. In the b.g., the Stationmaster
text: is the centre of a curious group composed cf the train crew
dialog: and passengers.
text: 2xt, MALY STREET. On Amy as she runs up the deserted street.
text: EXD. STREET -~- SHOOTING PAST Milt's bedy toward the bend in
text: the street. In the b.g., Amy's figure runs into view, then
text: Stops short as she sees the bedy.
dialog: 150 High Noon -
dialog: 365.
dialog: 3TT.
text: CLOSE SHOT =~ AMY as ahe sees Milt's bedy and thinks shat
text: 4t ts Domme's, CAMERA PANS vith her as she runs toward it.
text: EXD, STREET -~ Milt's body in the ?.g., the het he has stolen
text: lying beside him. Amy rune toverd CAMERA, finally crumples
text: to her knees at Milt's bedy. To her amazemant and relier,
text: abe sees that it is sot Doane. There is a fustlede of 6.3.
text: shots, and she realizes that the guntight is still going on.
text: EXT. BACK ALLEY =~ cn Doane as he vuns, bent low. There is
text: & shot frog ahead, and he ducks into the shelter of « shed.
text: He peers in the direction cf the shot.
text: EXT. ALLEY -~ FROM DOANE'S POINT OF VIEW, Colby is at the
text: other end cf the alley, behind shelter.
text: IN. sa=p. Doane goes to the other side of the shed, peers
text: through a crack, Tarough {t, the figures of Guy Jordan and
text: Pierce can be seen coming into the other end of the alley.
text: Deane fires at Jordan, wisses, and they duck cut cf sight.
text: There is a burst of shots from Colby end am ansvering burst
text: from the other tro, Doane throws himself on the ground. Ee
text: surveys bis situation, realizing te is caught in a cresa-fire.
text: EEl, STREET. Amy ts on her feet new, hearing the o.s.
text: SHOTS. She starts uncertainly up the street.
text: DPD. SHED. Deane crawls to the door of the shed, ami lecks
text: EXT. STAELE -= trou Doane's point or view. Tts wide door,
dialog: diagonmlly acreas the alley trea Doane, is open.
text: TNT. STAGE. Doane makes up his mind ta try for it. He
text: gets to his feet, crouches, launches himself out.
text: EXD. ALLEY «= as Doane's crouched body cannonbells across
text: the alley, untouched.
text: Dt. STASLE. Doene’s body hurtles into the stable end
text: bite the floor. He lies there, struggling for breath.
text: The horses whinny and reer nervously,
text: EXT, ALLEY. Jordan, Pierce ant Calby move cautiously
text: toward the stable.
text: DYE, STABLE. Deane gets up, looks around, climbs up to
dialog: the lott, . -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: —™ po
dialog: Ra HE?
speaker_heading: eR
dialog: *
dialog: yk
dialog: r
dialog: Fi
speaker_heading: F
dialog: ee
dialog: ha er
dialog: =
dialog: =
dialog: ee
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: B
dialog: a
dialog: “Ant
dialog: *
dialog: 383.
dialog: High Noon 151
dialog: Im, Lor. Doane goes tovard 2 Large opening in the lott
dialog: wall. Frew here, he and the CAMERA bave a good high riew
text: of the elley. Jordan ani Pierce at their end and Colby at
text: bis emt are both in riew. Deane takes aim at Colby, tut
text: misses. Colby ami the cthers duck out of sight. Ptarce
text: dashes across the alley, Doane firing but missing him,
text: EXT, STABLE -- as Pierce crawls arcux! to the rear of the .
text: stable and takes shelter. Ee begins to fire inte the stable.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY -- COLEY == as he fires.
text: EXT. ALLEY =~ GUY JORDAN =~ as he fires.
text: IME. LOFT -- as bullets from all three directions hit ato
text: the left. There is a scream cf pain from one of the horses
text: below, Ballets continue into the left. Doane crawls to
text: the ladder end climbs dom.
text: OFT. STARLE. Deane comes down into
text: are mad with fear. Doane goes to thea. In cue
dialog: one cf the horses had been hit amt is
text: to the stable door and slides it ahut.
text: shelter behind sone bags of feed, and peicfully begins to
dialog: load bis guns. -
text: EXT. ALLEY -- JORDAN. He studies the situation, as o.s.
dialog: ahota come from Colby and Plerce. Lacking around, he
text: sees that he is tehind the general store. He getz an
text: idea, goes to the rear door and deliberately kicks it .
text: in. He disappears inside emi returns in « moment carrying
text: three oil Lamps. Coming back to his Place, he takes ain
text: and throws cre.
text: EXT. STABLE -- as the lamp flies against the stable door
text: end smashes against it, spattering of] against tha door.
text: TNT, STAELZ -~ Doane as he reacts to the sound of the
text: lamp as it lenis. ‘Then he hears another lazp smashing
dialog: og the stable vall. .
scene_heading: EET, ALLEY -- ON JORDAN SHOOTING TOWARD STARLE -~ as Jordan
text: flings the third lamp toward the stable. Tt takes a high
text: ere and lands ceer the stable. Thes Jordan takes careful,
text: aim, ani fires. We see one of the lamps explode, bouncing
text: crazily egainst the stable ani splattering fire egainst it.
text: Jordan fires again, misses his target, fires again, hits it.
dialog: 152 High Noon
dialog: 39.
dialog: 390.
dialog: 39.
dialog: 392.
dialog: 393.
dialog: 304.
dialog: 395.
dialog: 396.
text: There {s another explosion, and another splash of oil and
text: fire on the stable door. *
scene_heading: EXT. STAELE -- LAMP IN FOREGROUND. ‘Thera is the SOUND or
text: JORDAN'S o.5, shot, end we see the Lamp explode and carom
text: off the ground againat the stable. Another sheet of flame
text: falls an the veoden stable wall. Flames begin to spread
text: along the front of the stable.
text: TNT. STAELE -~ ON DOANE -= as he realizes what is happening.
text: The horses are increasingly nad with fear,
text: ‘DWT, MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Amy comes in, sreathless, confused,
text: terrified. Zrhausted sow, she can go no further; indeed
text: she does not cow vere to go. She sees Deane's testament
text: on the desk, goes to it, reads the inscription. ‘here is
text: the o.s. WHISTLE of the train.
text: INT. STAELE. Fire is eating away at the door, and smoke
text: is beginning to fill the stable. Deane goes to one of
text: the stalls ami leeds cut the maddened horse. One by one
text: he leeds all the horses cut of their stalls, pulls then
text: toward the decor, manages vith a mighty effort to slide
text: the door open, ami then sends the rearing, screaming
text: herses out into the allay.
text: EXT. ALLEY -- ag the horses burst cut into the alley and
text: scatter wildly. At their opposite ends of the alley,
text: Jordan ami Colby take cover, Doane slips out of the
text: stable and around it.
text: EXT, RAILROAD STATION. ‘The train is pulling out, the
text: faces of the passengers pressed against the windows.
text: EXD. WOODED AREA -~ as Doane passes the CAMERA on the run.
text: A uoment later, the three cen enter the scene, fanned out
text: ami firing from cover. The fading train whistle comes
speaker_heading: OVER.
text: Ext. SURYING-GROUMD. Deane runs into the scene, ani takes
text: cover behind s marker. In the b.g., the three men enter
text: the scene, still famed out. SHOOTING FROM cover, they
text: gredually scve in on him.
text: OWT, CHURCH. ‘The congregation is buddled together in
text: terror, the Minister standing with heed bowed, praying
text: silently at the pulpit.
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: od
speaker_heading: bod Lab fd
dialog: ,
dialog: f
speaker_heading: —
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: E.
dialog: gE 397.
dialog: Ls
dialog: = 398.
dialog: =
dialog: oan 399.
dialog: 4
dialog: 
dialog: | = hoo.
dialog: | &
dialog: om hon.
dialog: ee wea.
dialog: oe ko3.
dialog: hob,
dialog: Ess
dialog: | oom
dialog: is 406.
dialog: | =
dialog: E:
dialog: |
dialog: =
dialog: | 7
dialog: 1 =
dialog: = hog,
dialog: High Noon 153
text: EXO. CEMETERY. On Deane as Colby exposes himselz. Doane
text: shoots, end brings him down.
text: TNT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Amy is slumped at Doane's desk,
text: past tears now, Doane's cpen testament crumpled in her
text: handa. The SCUND of o.s. firing begins to come closer.
text: Sensing it, she rises and burries to the window. Through
text: it, she now sees Doane running inte the street.
text: EXD. STREET. Deane is rigzagging dewn the street. Pierce
text: appears at the far end cf the street behind him, amd then
text: woddenly Jordan comes into view in the f.g. They have hin
dialog: ia a crossfire again.
text: EXt. SALOON. Deane heads for it, bangs against the door.
text: Tt {a locked. Bullets pockmark the door eroumd him. With
text: @ supreme effort, he charges the door end smashes it in,
text: falling inside.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- AMY -~ as abe sees what 12 happening.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- JORDAN -~ as he fires.
text: MED, CLOSE SHOT -- PIERCE -- as he fires. - ~
text: OMT. SALOON. Doane squats on the floor, athsusted.
text: EX. STREET. Pierce makes his vay carefully along the
text: street, firing es he goes. He reaches the Marshal's
text: office, and shoots toward the saloon.
text: TMT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Amy Locks cn in horror as she sees
text: Pierce through the windew, a scant few feet from her, shooting
text: at the salcen. She locks about wildly, beside herself, then
text: sees Harvey's guaa hanging on the vall. ‘Then, deliberately,
text: abe goes to them, takes dewn e« gun, amd goes to the window.
text: Pierce's back is only two or three feet eway past the vindow.
text: Amy lifts the gun, holds it steady with both hands.
text: EXT, STHEET -~ cn Pierce, with Amy visible in the -b.g.
text: Pierce shoots, takes aim egain. Then Amy's gun gces
text: off, and Pierce tumbles face forvard te the ground.
text: DMT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Amy reels ami clings to the
dialog: ahattered window for support.
text: TNT. SALOON. Deane, at the window, now, stares out into the
text: street in surprise. He cannot see into his office, but
dialog: 184 HighNoon ,
dialog: &Lo.
dialog: bu.
dialog: bia.
dialog: 413.
dialog: kuh,
dialog: kus.
dialog: ks.
text: 4LT.
dialog: 41g.
text: Pierce's bedy is plainly visible. Still, it may be « ruse,
text: EXI. STREET -~ ON JORDAN =~ az he stares off toward Plerce's
text: bedy. Then he dashes toward the elley.
text: Xt. ALLEY. Jordan runs up the alley.
text: EXT. REAR OF MARSEAL'S CPFICE. Jordan goes stealthily to
text: a window, sees Amy and that she is alone, Ze gees to the
text: door. It is open. He opens it quietly and leaps in.
text: INT. MARSHAL'S OFFICE. Amy Looks up vith a start as Jordan
text: Jumps into the roca, his gon ready. Exhausted, she can only
text: starml thers as Jordan darts across the Toom, dashes the gun
text: from her band amt grabs her. Holding her in tront of him,
text: be pushes her cut towerd the street.
text: DRE. SALOON. SHOOTING PAST Doane inte the street, as he sees
text: Jordan, with Amy as @ shield, come cut of the office and
text: toward hin.
scene_heading: EXD. STREET <= on Jordan end Amy.
speaker_heading: SCRDAN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: t, Deane, come on out!
dialog: Come cut -© or your friend
dialog: bere'll get it the way Pierce
dialog: did mt
text: DRT. SALOON. -~ es Doane stares gut, shocked.
speaker_heading: . , DOAME
dialog: T'LL come cut += Let her go!
text: EXt. STREET -- on Jorden end Amy.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Seon as you vale through thet
dialog: doer: Come on -~ I'll hold
dialog: my fires...
text: He waits, holding Amy tightly. Amy is balf-fainting vith
dialog: terror.
text: DMT. SALCON, Doane starts slowly toward the door, then
text: hesitates. He stops, picks up a Large chair and heaves
dialog: it threugh the doorway,
dialog: 
dialog: Lt bot bel
dialog: fod tua
dialog: lao tg
dialog: bod
dialog: = Se Se
dialog: \
dialog: id
dialog: 4]
dialog: “ar
speaker_heading: AT
dialog: enn
dialog: i
speaker_heading: Fa BE
speaker_heading: HORA OTA
dialog: oa
dialog: &
dialog: f
dialog: bry,
speaker_heading: S
dialog: =
dialog: Ee
dialog: &
dialog: 
dialog: hige
dialog: hal.
dialog: High Noon 155
text: EX. GISEET, As the chair hurtles through, Jordan fires
text: a burst of shots. Wildly, Amy reaches up vith her free
text: claws at his face and eyes. Jordan flings her
text: hin and sabe lands in the street. Dcane steps
text: it of the saloon, firing as he comes. Jordan
text: other gun up. Doane staggers from « bullet
text: shoulder, but keeps shcoting, and Jordan goes down,
dialog: slipping from his fingers. For «coment, Deane
text: iredly egainst the building. Then he goes to Amy.
text: ps her up, amd they cling to each other silently.
text: o- STRERT. Prom everywhere, people begin to
dialog: the street, core ami core of then. They look
text: and Amy in silence.
dialog: e
speaker_heading: ree Ha aE
dialog: aie
speaker_heading: ag 3
dialog: hh
text: Ext. STREET. Doane amit Amy become aware cf the pecple.
text: Deane pulls himself together. He drops his gums in the
text: street, takes off his gun-belt emi lets it fll. Deliberately,
text: off his badge and drops it to the dust. The Drunk
text: enters the scene, pulling the buckboart horses. Seeing the
text: Waekboeri, Doane guides Amy to it, helps her in, then clinbs
text: up after her. He nods to the Drunk, who steps away, then
text: takes the reins end starts the horses. The crow gives way.
text: the 0.g. The crow! remains silent. ‘The buckboard passes
text: out of view. . es
dialog: 
