speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE - NIGHT
text: It is raining. Far in the distance, we can just make out the low
text: London skyline.
text: We TILT DOWN. Below, a Volvo winds through a rain-slicked
text: suburban village. Nice, quaint, English.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON SUBURBS — NIGHT
text: We PAN with the Volvo as it eases down the street, where quaint
text: gives way to new. A middle-class housing development for the
text: upwardly mobile. We CRANE DOWN as...
scene_heading: EXT. NICE SUBURBAN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The car pulls into the driveway and suddenly stops short with a
text: slight SCREECH. We CONTINUE DOWN.
text: Inches from the bumper, headlights listening off of it, is a
text: little girl's new tricycle. The Volvo’s door opens and a man
text: rushes through the rain to retrieve it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NICE SUBURBAN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The man sets the tricycle down and shakes the rain off of him.
text: His name ig MICHAEL WHITTIER. Early forties, but still pretty |
text: good jooking, maybe a little tired around the eyes. He tosses his
text: eys onto the counter and reaches into his coat, but stops
text: noticing a note next to the fax machine.
text: CU NOTE: Which reads, “Daddy!", in crayon, with the drawing of
text: three little stick figures, obviously girls, and an arrow. We PAN
text: RIGHT. The arrow points to a full glass of milk and a chocolate
text: chip cookie with two small bites out of it.
text: BACK ON Mike, who grins. He pulls the holstered, 9mm. H&K from
text: his pants, sets it on the counter, and drops his Interpol badge
text: next to it. He then takes the glass and heads into his study.
scene_heading: INT. DARK STUDY ~ NIGHT
text: Mike walks in, silhouetted in the barest glow from the window. We
text: can hear him eating the cookie. He trips over something heavy.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Bloody hell.
text: He pulls the chain on the desk light and looks down, the cookie in
text: his mouth. A blanket, covering a large lump, is on the floor.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck...?
text: He takes the cookie from his mouth and looks around, confused.
text: Suddenly he drops the glass, instinctively going for his gun.
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: It's not there...
dialog: 2.
text: Mike realizes it’s not, almost tripping over the lump again.
text: On the other side of the desk, his desk, sitting in his chair, is
text: @ man. pagan wearing an expensive black suit with a red tie.’ The
text: man is bald.
speaker_heading: . MAN (CONT'D) .
dialog: It's in the kitchen, where you left it. On
text: the counter, next to the fak machine. Sit.
text: The Man, who we will call AGENT 47, lifts a stainless .45, a
text: silencer screwed onto it.
speaker_heading: . MIKE
dialog: How did you get in...?
text: He stops as he notices the picture in the man's other hand. The
text: picture of Michael‘s wife and three girls. 47 sets the picture on
text: he desk, facing Mike.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You have a nice family.
text: The Man slowly unscrews the silencer from the .45. Mike is about
text: . to freak, thinking the worst. But the man shakes his head,
text: \. placing the silencer on the desk as well.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: They're fine. Alive. Asleep.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (Very apprehensive)
dialog: If you‘re going to kill me...
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 :
dialog: If I was gonna kill you, I'd have done it
dialog: when you walked to your car this morning,
dialog: and been gone by the time your body hit the
dialog: sidewalk. But, right now all you can think
dialog: about is your family. And that is making
dialog: yeu desperate. Desperate men do stupid
dialog: hings. Without the suppressor, this
text: weapon will sound like a Howitzer going off
dialog: in here. And... I don’t leave witnesses.
dialog: MIKE . .
dialog: I understand what you’re implying.
speaker_heading: L AGENT er hn : ke
dialog: I'm not im ing am ing. If you make me
dialog: kill you, Bike, you won’t go alone. Sit!
dialog: Then
dialog: You are looking for someone. A killer. A
dialog: professional assassin...
scene_heading: EXT. SHANTY TOWN ~ NIGER -— DAY
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: SHANTY TOWN-NIGER
text: A beat up old Range Rover bounces along a dirt street in the
text: middle of town. The poverty here is oppressive. The Rover
dialog: t
text: doesn’t even slow as the filthy, hungry children roaming the
text: streets scatter like roaches.
dialog: There are men who believe
dialog: the reach of those that want
speaker_heading: AGENT, 47 (V-0;}
dialog: t ey, are beyond
dialog: hem dead.
text: The Rover rattles to a stop at a heavy iron gate: the only
text: entrance through a thirty-foot high, pockmarked concrete wall.
text: Four men with Kalashnikovs approach the SUV and peer inside. Two
text: of the men each hold massive hyenas on thick chains which punge
text: and scratch at the Rover's doors. Another guard leans in to the
dialog: iver.
text: After a few moments, the guard waves the others aside and the
text: heavy gate slowly grinds open, allowing the Rover to pass.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.0.) (cowr’D)
dialog: They go to extraordinary lengths to try and
dialog: protect themselves.
text: Inside, the Rover crosses an empty, forty-foot kill zone to .
text: another gated wall, a camera mounted above it. After a beat, this
text: gate slides open as well.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But no matter how hard they try, and they
dialog: do try, no one can hide forever.
scene_heading: INT. PALATIAL ESTATE - DAY
text: Inside the second wall lies another world. Lush green landscaping
text: surrounds a beautiful villa.
text: The Rover continues up a paved drive leading to the huge mansion.
text: A four-barreled, Russian-made 27mm. anti-aircraft gun tracks the
text: vehicle as it pulls up to the sweeping marble steps.
text: A small platoon of Kalashnikov toting, Hyena wielding men surround
text: the vehicle. Two porters in white uniforms run down the steps to
text: open the truck's doors.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 Ws0r}
dialog: Not from the man you're looking for.
text: Four more heavily armed men climb out_of the truck. Two of them
text: walk around to the back, open the tailgate, and yank a gagged,
text: stripped-—to-his-—underwear, and hog-tied man onto the ground.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But still they try...
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTIFUL VILLA - DAY
text: As they make their way through the mansion, scores of beautiful,
text: scantily clad women mill about, oblivious to the men and their
text: whimpering cargo.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.0.) |
text: They lock themselves away behind steel
dialog: doors.
text: At an open door they stop. One of the men, the leader, continues.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD POOL - DAY
text: We FOLLOW with him as he passes more beautiful women, some sunning
text: themselves in deck chairs, others splashing in the crystal blue
dialog: water of the pool.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.0.)
text: Behind legions of well armed guards.
text: He walks directly to a heavily muscled black man dying on a sofa
text: in the shade of a cabana, eating hungrily from a skewer of cooked
text: meat. This is BWANA OVIE. His pet, a feral Hyena, paces at the.
text: end of a heavy chain near him. wie tosses it the remnants of his
dialog: skewer.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (¥-0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: hey control governments. les.
dialog: Sophisticated intelligence networks.
text: The soldier leans down and whispers something to Ovie. Ovie looks
text: up at him, and smiles.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: All in a desperate effort to prolong the
dialog: inevitable.
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTIFUL VILLA ~- SAME TIME
text: Ovie enters the house, the Hyena tugging at the chain in his hand,
text: and removes his silk shirt. "He uses it to wipe the grease from
text: his hands and tosses it on the floor.
text: He walks by the group of men, pats the prisoner on the arm warmly,
text: and continues through the villa. His men follow, dragging the
dialog: erying man.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.0.)
dialog: But there is one thing they can never hide
dialog: from, no matter how hard ey try.
scene_heading: INT. BUTCHER ROOM ~- DAY
text: Ovie finishes tying on a leather butcher’s apron and picks up a
text: large machete.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.0.)
dialog: Themselves.
text: As Ovie sharpens the machete, the other men, with practised
text: precision, buckle a well used black leather harness around the
text: risoner’s shoulders. They then HOIST the man up and HANG the
text: arness on a meat hook.
text: Machete in hand, Ovie moves toward the man, staring up at him.
text: The man freaks, writhing about uselessly like a fish on a hook,
text: his incomprehensible screams muffled by the gag.
speaker_heading: _ OVIE
dialog: (Something in Pidgin.)
text: Tears pour from the man’s eyes as a wicked smile crosses Qvie’s
text: lips. He reaches out and grabs the man’s left arm, extending it.
speaker_heading: . OVIE (CONT’D)
dialog: (Something else in Pidgin.)
text: The man's muffled screams increase as he tries to wrest his arm
text: from Ovie’s vice-like grip, but to no avail.
text: Ovie’s smile broadens as he RAISES the machete, and CHOPS down.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER ROOFTOP - SAME TIME
text: Agent 47 stares out across the dilapidated city at Ovie’s compound
text: in the distance, his face devoid of emotion.
text: He holds a device in his hand with a black whip antenna protruding
text: from it. He twists the dials on the device.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.O.)
dialog: There are any number of ways to kill a man.
text: In 47's ear is a tiny receiver. As he calibrates the device, the
text: man's muffled screaming becomes audible, then gives way to Ovie’s
text: voice. 47 squints, listening.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUTCHER ROOM ~ SAME TIME
text: Ovie pitches the now severed hand onto the floor in front of his
text: pet. The Hyena quickly devours it.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.0.)
text: Some, more brutal than others.
text: The man clutches at the stump of his arm, which has been wrapped
text: in a dirty towel.
speaker_heading: OVIE
dialog: (Subtitled) .
dialog: You shouldn't have stolen from me little
dialog: brother. Knowing the consequences...
text: The prisoner, almost delusional from pain, desperately tries to
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: OVIE (CONT'D)
dialog: subtitled |
dialog: Please, do not beg. You made this
dialog: decision.
text: The man shakes his head violently, still trying to speak. Ovie
text: motions for the gag to be removed. The maimed man, staring at
text: Ovie, mutters, his voice nothing more than a hoarse whisper
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.0.)
dialog: But to someone like me, the only thing that
text: matters is the result.
speaker_heading: OVIE
dialog: What is wrong with his voice?
dialog: , (To the men)
dialog: What did you do to him?
speaker_heading: ; SOLDIER 1
dialog: Nothing, Bwana. He is exactly as he was
dialog: delivered.
speaker_heading: OVIE
dialog: Delivered? You did not find him?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1 ;
dialog: No Bwana. A contractor. American...
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHANTY TOWN ~ EARLIER
text: The soldier hands a mercenary, who wears the full-faced turban
text: typical of African mercenaries, a stack of cash. They look down
text: at the hog-tied prisoner at their feet.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUTCHER ROOM ~ DAY
text: Ovie uses the machete blade to lift up the man’s chin. There is a
text: tiny scab at his vocal cords.
speaker_heading: MAIMED MAN
dialog: (hoarse, subtitled)
dialog: I‘m sorry, Bwana. I tried...
speaker_heading: OVIE
dialog: (subtitled) .
dialog: What!?! What is it you say to me? Tried
dialog: to what?
speaker_heading: MAIMED MAN
dialog: (whisper, subtitled)
dialog: He made me swallow...
scene_heading: INT. AFRICAN SHACK - HOURS EARLIER
text: The Maimed Man, before he was delivered to Ovie, before he was
text: maimed, sits tied to a chair, gulping from a tin of water someone
text: holds to his lips.
text: We PAN TO the other man sitting in the room. The one holding the
text: cup. It is 47. He locks impaSsively at the first man, who
text: finally nods.
text: 47 holds out another clay ball for him to swallow. Easy for a
text: horse, difficult for a man.
speaker_heading: MAIMED MAN
dialog: (Exhausted)
dialog: How many more?
text: 47 looks left. On the table, next to him, is a small pyramid of
text: the clay balis. More than a dozen. The man closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUTCHER ROOM ~ DAY
text: Ovie looks at his men. They are as confused as he is.
speaker_heading: OVIE |
dialog: Swallow...? What is he talking about?
scene_heading: EXT. DISTANT ROOFTOP - SAME TIME
text: Listening intently, 47 thumbs up the safety on the device,
text: revealing a toggle switch.
scene_heading: INT. BUTCHER ROOM ~ CONTINUOUS
text: Ovie moves in closer and grabs the man by the face.
speaker_heading: OVIE
dialog: Swallow what!?!
text: He glances at the gag, and sees the tiny transmitter hidden
text: within. Realization washes over Ovie.
scene_heading: EXT, DISTANT ROOFTOP - SAME TIME
text: 47 keys the toggle switch.
scene_heading: INT. BUTCHER ROOM ~ CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: OVIE
dialog: (panicked)
speaker_heading: RUNIE!
text: BOOM! The pound of C-4, painstakingly swallowed by the maimed
text: man, erupts. A FIERY EXPLOSION rips the man in half and engulfs
text: Ovie, who screams.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47 (V.0.)
dialog: Certainty of that result, however, can be
dialog: somewhat more complicated.
text: The soldiers try to put out the fire searing Ovie’s flesh.
scene_heading: EXT. DISTANT ROOFTOP - SAME TIME
text: 47 turns, walking toward the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. BEAUTIFUL VILLA ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: The soldiers RUSH from the house, carrying a burned, bloody, but
text: still alive, Ovie.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47 (V.0.)
dialog: Man is a resilient species, capable of
dialog: surviving a lot.
text: A hapless porter runs to open the door to the Rover for them, but
text: one of the soldiers kicks him out of the way. They drag Ovie’s
text: body into the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANTY TOWN - STREETS — DAY
text: The Rover blasts through town, careening off of cars, sending
text: pedestrians diving for cover, hell bent’ for somewhere.
speaker_heading: ; AGENT 47 (V.0.)
dialog: Which in my line of work can be
dialog: problematic.
scene_heading: INT. ROVER - MOVING -— DAY
text: The interior of the Rover is filled with accusations, yelling and
text: the smoke of burned flesh. We PAN BACK to Ovie who screams, his
dialog: skin burning.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMSHACKLE HOSPITAL ~ DAY
text: The Rover SCREECHES to a halt in front of the hospital and the men
text: pile out, dragging Ovie's burned body with them.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.O.)
dialog: So you have to be smart.
text: As they reach the doors to the hospital, one of the men PUSHES
text: . another patient off of a gurney to make room for Ovie, whom they
text: \ gently set down and PUSH inside.
scene_heading: INT. RAMSHACKLE HOSPITAL ~- CONTINUOUS
text: They run to the triage desk. Kalashnikov’s express their urgency.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.O.)
dialog: You have to be patient.
text: The nurse yells as several orderlies grab the gurney pushing him
text: into a third-world triage room.
scene_heading: INT. TRIAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: The soldiers follow them. A nurse shouts at them.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (V.0O.) a
dialog: Often, success does not come from finding a
dialog: way to get to the target...
text: She then CLOSES the curtain and turns toward the doctor, his back
text: to us, checking Ovie'’s wounds.
speaker_heading: _. DOCTOR
dialog: (without turning around) .
dialog: Bring me 20 cc of ringers and morphine...
text: CU: OVIE‘S BURNED FACE as he watches her quickly leave. He turns
text: slowly back toward the doctor--
scene_heading: _...., AGENT 47 (V.0.)
dialog: But in finding a way to bring the target to
dialog: you.
text: -- It is Agent 47, wearing a doctor's white coat over his black
text: suit. He moves toward Ovie, a small insulin syringe in his hand.
text: 47 plunges the small syringe into Ovie’s neck.
text: CU: SYRINGE - The plunger drops.
text: Ovie looks at the empty syringe, then up at the “doctor”, who pats
text: him. Ovie’s eyes close.
text: Agent 47 nods at Ovie’s soldiers. It’s going tebe alright - The
text: ief. eaves the room.
text: soldiers sigh a collective feeling of re
scene_heading: INT. RAMSHACKLE HOSPITAL HALLWAY - DAY
text: We FOLLOW with 47 as he calmly strides down the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. TRIAGE - DAY
text: The heart monitor goes flat. The men rush from the room, looking
text: for the doctor. But he is gone.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - STUDY - NIGHT
dialog: . AGENT 47 ;
dialog: Other situations, however, can require a
dialog: more direct approach... Like this one.
dialog: But the end result is always the same.
text: A beat as the two men look at each other.
speaker_heading: , AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: How is Jenkins?
speaker_heading: MIKE ;
dialog: He’ll never play tennis again.
dialog: 47 nods.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I want to tell you a story. You can fill
dialog: in the blanks with what you already know.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
text: INSERT TITLE SEQ: The familiar red, stylized fleur-de-lis moves
text: toward us. It slowly changes. Into the title.
speaker_heading: HITMAN
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INSERT TITLE CARD: ONE MONTH EARLIER...
scene_heading: EXT. NICE SUBURBAN HOUSE - MORNING
text: Same nice, middle class house. A Volvo and a Rover sit in the
text: driveway. In the yard, that same red tricycle sits.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: MILLS CROSSING - LONDON - GREAT BRITAIN
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: EXT. KITCHEN - NICE SUBURBAN HOUSE - MORNING
text: Mike, looking less tired than when we_saw him before, is making
text: lunches for his three school-aged girls. fypical close-knit
text: family chaos is in progress. oO Of the girls, ages 6 and 8 are
text: watching TV and eating cereal. The third, who’s four, chases the
text: family cat through the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Without looking up)
dialog: Amber, please stop terrorizing the cat and
dialog: eat your breakfast.
speaker_heading: 8 YEAR OLD
dialog: (Byes fixed to the TV)
dialog: She isn’t listening, Father.
text: His wife comes in, on the phone. She is pregnant, maybe five
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: That sounds lovely.
dialog: (She covers the phone)
dialog: The Cantrels want to do dinner.
text: \ Mike shakes his head no. She smiles.
speaker_heading: WIFE (CONT'D)
dialog: Tonight around eight then. Toodaloo.
text: Mike sighs as she hangs up.
speaker_heading: WIFE (CONT'D) .
dialog: We have to, honey. We've been dodging them
dialog: for weeks.
dialog: MIKE.
dialog: Their kids are animals.
text: The cat Jumps onto the counter, just as the 4 year old raises up
text: from the other side and loudly growls at it. he cat freaks,
text: scampering across the slick tile counter in fear, and knocking the
text: 8 year old‘s cereal into her lap, milk spraying everywhere.
speaker_heading: 8 YEAR OLD
dialog: You little beast!
text: And she doesn’t mean the cat. She goes after the four year old
text: who runs screaming from the room. Not wanting to be left out, the
text: six year old follows after them.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: And their kids are animals.
text: Mike grins and nods, “OK”, Then his cell rings. Wife looks at
text: it, unhappy. Mike shrugs answering it.
speaker_heading: ; MIKE
dialog: Whittier.
dialog: Beat)
dialog: Again? hen?
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: 1l.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D) |
dialog: Have a car here in fifteen minutes, alert
dialog: Heathrow we're coming.
text: She sighs, picking up the phone.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: So much for dinner... |
text: (She kisses him on the check)
dialog: Be safe, honey.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: We HEAR the sounds of jet turbines screaming.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD TOWN - BUDAPEST - DAY
text: We are in a section of town that appears Gothic and Modern at
text: once. We CRANE DOWN to an ancient church that has been converted
text: into a decadent night spot.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: BUDAPEST - HUNGARY
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE BANQUET ROOM - DAY
text: Mike walks through a crime scene. It is a blood bath. He looks
text: at the details. “He bends down to a bloody body.
text: Mike’s two subordinates feed him information. CLARKSON, late 40's
text: hard English fella and JENKINS, late 20’s California dude, on loan
dialog: to Interpol from the FBI.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
text: Otto Loindyke. Cattle baron and all around
dialog: sketchy guy. Once a year the nasty fuck
dialog: threw a fetish ball in his own honor. You
dialog: know... Leather, whips, chains, candles
dialog: inserted into bums, that kind of thing.
dialog: But none of the party-freaks had access
text: into the private dining room.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: One of the prostitutes may be able to make
text: an ID. Once they recover from their opium
dialog: comas.
text: Mike examines a Glock, slide locked open, abandoned on the floor
text: by the door. He moves it around with the tip of a pen.
dialog: ook )
dialog: No ooking wu:
dialog: I doubt {Bet g NP
text: Several severe looking Federal cops walk up to them.
speaker_heading: FEDERAL INSPECTOR
dialog: We have not released this incident to
dialog: Interpol. Your jurisdiction here is a
dialog: courtesy at most.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Any theory?
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: FEDERAL INSPECTOR
dialog: Of course. It is well known Otto had
dialog: contacts with a Moscow crime syndicate. We
dialog: believe this was a business disagreement.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: {Nods} .
dialog: I see. was actually asking if you had
dialog: any theory as to how the assassin got in
text: here. Three dozen guards, metal detectors
text: at both entrances, a hand-wand at this
dialog: door, and what, eight dead men -~
speaker_heading: . JENKINS
dialog: -~- Ten sir.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: Ten dead men, all armed with machine
dialog: pistols. Doesn't seem like your average
dialog: Mafia hitter to me.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUDAPEST FEDERAL POLICE HQ - DAY
text: Mike talks to the HEAD GUY of the Agency, who smiles .
text: patronizingly. Behind them, Mike’s subordinates are putting up a
dialog: map of Europe.
speaker_heading: HEAD GUY
dialog: We have all heard your theories, Inspector.
dialog: . MIKE ;
dialog: This isn't a theory. No motive, no
text: evidence, no witnesses. He's a ghost.
speaker_heading: HEAD GUY ;
dialog: And how long have you been chasing
dialog: your..."ghost”?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Three years.
speaker_heading: HEAD GUY
dialog: I see. Three years. Well I am happy to
dialog: see our tax dollars at work. Than.
dialog: goodness we have the European Union to
dialog: inance for your persistence.
text: Mike wants to smack him. Instead he motions to Jenkins.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: These are descriptions from two different
dialog: prostitutes working that night who got a
text: good look at the assailant.
text: He hands the drawings to Head Guy. Both are of a bald man, but
dialog: besides that, they are completely different.
speaker_heading: HEAD GUY
dialog: You have solved the case inspector. Now we
dialog: only need to find a bald man...
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I believe based on the discarded waiter’s
dialog: jacket, he assumed the position of a
dialog: waiter. Which is in line with what we know
text: about his methods. And entered the room
dialog: unarmed.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: ; _, MIKE (0.8.) (cont ’D)
dialog: He is confident, efficient, and very
dialog: clever.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE DINING ROOM - MEAT KING‘S BALL - NIGHT
text: Loud music assaults us. 47 enters the room. Through the open
text: door a fetish party rages. In here, a small but more decadent
text: dinner is in progress, complete with naked prostitutes and leather
dialog: masked slaves.
text: 47 is frisked and allowed to enter with his tray of food, He
text: walks over to the table. At its head sits Otto, who is indeed a
dialog: nasty chap.
text: He places the tray in the middle of the table next to a steak
text: knife. 47 moves back, lingering a moment. A guard pushes him.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Move!
dialog: 47 nods ~-
speaker_heading: MIKE (0.S.)
dialog: The first one to go was stabbed. Probably
text: from one of the steak knives.
text: -- and turns to leave. 47 then takes the knife, the one he palmed
text: off the table, and plunges it into the impatient quard’s neck,
text: several times while his other hand yanks the guard’s Glock from
text: his shoulder holster.
text: The booming music slightly obscures the noise as 47 turns and
text: executes the other guards in the room. Saving Otto for last.
text: Byes wide with fear, he gets three rounds. One in the body, two
text: in the head.
text: 47 removes his waiter’s Jacket and lifts one of the shocked,
text: leather masked slaves from the floor onto his feet.
text: He drags the slave to the door, standing to one side, the Glock in
text: one hand, his other arm around the slave’s neck.
text: Three guards run into the room, weapons out. 47 drops them. He
text: waits a moment, holding out the weapon and pops the fourth guy,
text: the one with the wand, who sticks his head in the door.
text: He then turns to the guests in the dining room, who stare at him,
dialog: trying to reason through their drugged haze what the fuck is
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Got
dialog: 14.
text: He fires the Glock above their heads. They all get it and
text: stampede from the room. The Glock, its last shell spent, locks
text: open. 47 simply drops it.
text: He then tears the leather mask from the terrified slave, kicking
text: him away, and dons the mask.
text: Looking every bit the part, 47 rushes from the room, covering his
text: masked head in fear as more guards push their way in.
speaker_heading: MIKE (0.S8.)
text: And strolled out of the club’s back door...
scene_heading: INT. BUDAPEST FEDERAL POLICE HQ - DAY
text: Mike stares at Head Guy.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: But it was him, Our man.
dialog: (Pointing at the sketches)
dialog: That man...
text: He pulls out a four-inch thick folder from his briefcase and
text: tosses it down on the Head Guy’s desk. Hundreds of police
text: sketches spill out, dating back years, from many different cases.
speaker_heading: . MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: This man.
dialog: None of the sketches are ve good, but they all have one thing in
text: common. None of them resembles 47 at all, except for the lack of
text: hair. Mike tosses the two new pictures onto the pile.
speaker_heading: . MIKE (CONT’D) |
dialog: You beginning to get the picture? No?
dialog: Well let me show you.
text: Mike walks over to the now completed map of Europe and takes a red
dialog: push pin.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT’D)
dialog: This is Otto.
text: He pushes it into the map We PULL BACK and see the map is covered
text: with pins. 47 has been a busy guy. We PAN over to MIKE.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: How about now?
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIVE STAR HOTEL ~ DAY
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: ST. PETERSBURG - RUSSIA
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CU: AMBER LIQUID BEING POURED OVER ICE
text: The glass is taken from the frame and we PULL BACK...
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. BAR ~ FIVE STAR HOTEL ~ DAY
text: To Agent 47, sitting at the bar, sipping an expensive Scotch.
text: We PAN ALONG the bar and DOLLIE toward a woman. Pretty, thirties,
text: working through architectural photos and taking notes. She looks
text: up, noticing 47, stares a moment, then returns to her work.
text: ANGLE ON 47, who feels the look. His hand nonchalantly slides
text: into his coat, not taking his eyes off the Scotch.
speaker_heading: . WOMAN (9:8-)
dialog: They might kill you for that...
text: His eyes flick to her. She doesn’t look up from her work.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT "D) . .
dialog: For what you‘re doing to that Dalwhinnie.
text: 47 stares at her. Instantly he realizes she’s not a threat.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: These Russians consider it the best.
text: He looks at the scotch, then back at her. She is now off her .
text: chair and moving toward him. He shifts uncomfortably in the chair
text: as she sits down next to him.
speaker_heading: , WOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Barbaric, isn’t it? I was really hoping
dialog: for a nice Bowmore, but that wouid be too
dialog: much for a girl to ask, wouldn’t it?
text: He looks at his scotch again, then back at the girl.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: The Bowmore is better?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Well not that you could tell the difference
dialog: the way you’re brutalizing that perfectly
dialog: decent Highland with ice. But, much.
text: Awkward beat.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I like it cold.
text: She smiles again and does a strange thing. She reaches into his
text: glass and pulls out most of the ice with her hand.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Cold is fine, but never more than two
text: cubes. It waters down the scotch.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Wow, that was rude. I’m sorry; Aftermath
dialog: of my pretentious ex-husband I’m afraid.
text: She does this little laugh and flips her hair, one of the |
text: universal female signs of interest. She looks at him, waiting for
text: some response. Nothing.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I work for Architectural Digest. I’m here
text: doing a story on the Cathedral renovation.
dialog: I’m June. And you are...
text: She offers him her hand. 47 hesitates. She smiles.
speaker_heading: . WOMAN (SONr’D)
dialog: This’s where you tell me your name.
text: He smiles, noncommittal.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D) .
dialog: Okay... So I’m not ve. good at this.
dialog: It's been a while and I’m not in ny
dialog: twenties anymore. But, you have that sad,
dialog: detached look in your eyes that I see when
dialog: I look in the mirror every morning. So,
dialog: I’ll keep trying. For both our sake --
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: -- I’m sorry. I have to go.
text: He stands. She looks like he just shot her in the stomach. It'd
dialog: probably be less painful if he had.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: {Unhappy smile)
dialog: I seem that desperate, huh?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: (Quick beat)
dialog: Thanks for the advice. About the Scotch.
dialog: No...
text: And with that he walks out of the bar, leaving a very unhappy June
text: behind. She sighs, and drinks his scotch.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: The elevator opens and 47 casually walks down the hall. What
text: appears to be nonchalance is actually a lifetime of trained
text: awareness. His eyes never stop moving.
text: 47 opens up the ice-machine in the hallway. It is full. He
text: reaches in toward the back pushing his hand, elbow deep, into the
text: ice. He feels a moment, then...
text: Closes the ice-machine and moves back to the elevator, hitting the
text: “up” button.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM ~ DAY
text: We PAN ACROSS and TRACK through the room. It looks pretty much
dialog: like what you’d expect the penthouse of a 5 star hotel to look
text: like. The shower is running.
text: An open Powerbook sits on the desk. Plugged into it is _a tiny LCD
text: projectors the portable kind that business-types carry for out of
text: own meetings. Although this one is smaller and Chinese-made.
dialog: 17.
text: On the wall are the projected images of a man in his forties. We
text: see random images and footage of this man going about his life,
dialog: all edited together. He has that casual arrogance the powerful
dialog: usually do.
text: We PAN right and TRACK toward the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: 47 holds a razor in his hand, fitting ona blade. He then begins
text: ig shave. Not just his face, but his entire body, including his
dialog: ead. .
text: 47 has an unusual tattoo on the back of his neck, usually hidden
text: by his shirt and tie. It is a black barcode.
text: We PAN LEFT. Also in the shower with him, inside a sealed Zip-
text: lock bag, is a stainless .45.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - LATER
text: 47, now dressed in slacks, stands in front of the projected
text: images. There must be hundreds of hours on the laptop's hard—
text: drive. Right now, what appears to be a home movie is playing.
text: 47 watches as the man plays with his two children at a birthday
text: party. The man seems detached. A woman appears, smiles at the
text: man and takes the boy with a wink. As she leaves the man’s smile
text: fades, the detachment returning.
text: 47 hits pause on the tiny remote in his hand. The image freezes.
text: 47 hits the zoom and the man's face grows to a MEDIUM CLOSE-UP.
text: 47 moves to the image, looking into the man’s life-sized eyes. He
text: stares a moment, then reaches out and touches him.
text: CHIME! 47 looks right. Another CHIME comes from the open Laptop.
text: CU - LAPTOP SCREEN. A black window has opened,on the desk-top.
text: Words appear: “ABecept Connection?” 47 clicks accept. ‘Then,
dialog: “Connecting to secure network.” And “Decrypting.”
text: Almost like a DOS prompt, this seems very low tech considering
dialog: what we've seen. n fact, it is the opposite, micro-burst,
text: encrypted info-packets from a satellite.
text: 47 sits down on the bed and takes a magazine from the pile. This
text: one an Italian GQ. He thumbs through it, glancing at the screen.
text: The familiar fleur-de-lis logo appears, ghosted in the background.
text: Then, more text. It is DIANA, his contact, although he has no
text: evidence that she is actually female.
speaker_heading: DIANA (0.S.)
dialog: {No dialogue, just text) |
dialog: Budapest job confirmed. The monies have
dialog: been wired to your account.
text: The blinking white cursor seems to pause for a moment then...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice work, 47.
text: He continues to flip through the magazine.
speaker_heading: |. DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: We appreciate you breaking your normal
dialog: protocol and accepting the new assignment
text: so close to the last.
dialog: 18.
text: 47 comes across an ad in the magazine for a hand-built piece of
text: wheeled, carbon-fiber luggage. “The caption reads, “What do you
dialog: get the man who has everything?” The price tag, “20,000 pounds.”
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT’D)
dialog: Regrettably, the target date has been moved
dialog: up. At the client’s request. And...
text: 47 tears the ad from the magazine, placing it in a stack of
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: The client wishes it to be public.
text: 47 looks up. He speaks. His words transform into text on the
dialog: \ Screen.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I’ve planned something more... subtle.
text: The white cursor seems to pause again, blinking, then-~
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: We apologize for any inconvenience. At
dialog: 1700 hours, GMT, the subject will be
text: attending a business luncheon. Several
text: hundred supporters are expected to attend.
dialog: This is the location the client desires.
dialog: Do you accept the new parameters?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I've made preparations.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Again we apologize. Mikhail Belicoff is
text: gaining support in his quest to reestablish
text: a Marxist regime in his country. His
dialog: ideals verge on fascism. The Client needs
dialog: it to be public.
dialog: (Beat
dialog: Do you accept?
text: 47 thinks about it a moment.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DIANA,
text: The specifics are being uploaded.
text: And the logo disappears. The words, “Connection Terminated.”
dialog: 19.
text: 47 sighs. He lifts the .45 off the desk and moves to the door. A
text: small device is attached to the middle of the door, waist high.
text: Small wires run to either side of the jam.
text: 47 touches a switch on the device. The LED changes from red to
text: green. He unhooks the wire and, placing the gun behind his back,
text: unlocks and opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: It is empty 47 looks down. On the ground, on either side of the
text: door, are hundreds of tiny GLASS-BEADS. He glances at the “Do not
text: disturb” sign still hanging from the handle, and closes the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - MOMENTS LATER
text: 47 stands on the balcony, fifty floors up, and looks out at the
text: lights of St. Petersburg. He stares for a moment.
text: He then moves to a coiled climbing rope, secured to the balcony
text: rail. He tests it, then moves back inside.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM ~ CONTINUOUS
text: 47 picks UB the remote and keys the projected footage to life. He
text: Eben, ties lown on the bed, gun resting on his chest, and turns off
dialog: e light.
text: In the dim, electronic light of the room, 47 continues to watch
dialog: the man we now know as Mikhail Belicoff.
scene_heading: INT. BUDAPEST FEDERAL POLICE HQ - NIGHT
text: Mike sits at a desk, on his cell, flipping through files.
text: Clarkson sits at the next desk, taking a statement from a strung-
dialog: out hooker.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (Into his cell)
dialog: I love xe too honey « Did you do your
dialog: homework? And you brushed your teeth?
dialog: Good girl.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: She‘s four honey... I know, but she’s not
dialog: as grown up as you are. Good luck on the
dialog: spelling bee tomorrow. Let me talk to
dialog: mommy .
text: Clarkson’s phone rings, off-screen. He answers it.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON (0.S.)
dialog: Clarky...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: {Into phone) .
dialog: Hey, baby... How’re things?
dialog: (Smiles)
dialog: That sounds about right. You’re the one
dialog: that wanted three kids...
text: (His grin widens
dialog: Oh, that’s right, that was me.
dialog: 20.
text: eS Jenkins comes in. Mike looks up, raising an eyebrow, but Jenkins
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Into phone)
dialog: Hold on baby.
dialog: (To Jenkins.)
dialog: Nothing?
scene_heading: __ JENKINS .
dialog: Nyet. No fingerprints, no hair follicles,
dialog: no DNA of any sort. I spent all day going
text: over the crime scene behind the State
dialog: forensics specialist. We got zero.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON (0.5S.)
dialog: (Into phone)
dialog: You're fucking kidding me. And the wankers
dialog: bought it...?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: What...?° I dunno honey, they're just like
dialog: the other Eastern Europeans, ghey don’t
text: like Interpol mucking around in their back
dialog: yard. But, a couple more days at least.
text: Clarkson hangs up, rolling his chair toward them.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: Se We have a problem, gov‘nor...
text: And just then, Head Guy comes wheeling into the room, a big ass
text: grin’on his face, a bottle of champagne in his hand with a red
text: bow. He sets it on Mike’s desk, grinning.
speaker_heading: HEAD GUY
dialog: You solve the case yet?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Not quite. What’s with the champagne?
speaker_heading: . _ HEAD GUY
dialog: Little going away present for you boys.
dialog: Did I mention we found the killer?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: HEAD GUY
text: An hour ago. A Russian National. Arms
dialog: dealer. With ties to the Varinsky family
dialog: in Georgia. Had a meeting with Otto three
dialog: days ago. We're guessing they had a
dialog: falling out.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: You think this was the work of some chicken-
dialog: shit arms dealer?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: @ What makes you think he’s our guy?
dialog: 2i.
speaker_heading: HEAD GUY
dialog: He wouldn’t be our guy, he’s our guy.
text: He motions to himself and his men, who snicker.
speaker_heading: _. HEAD GUY (CONT'D),
dialog: Your guy is a figment of your imagination.
dialog: This guy is the killer.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: OK, what makes you think it is your guy.
speaker_heading: HEAD GUY
dialog: Just a hunch. Oh, and this...
text: He tosses Mike the black leather mask from the ball. The one 47
text: was wearing. Putting his phone down, Mike looks at it.
speaker_heading: ; HEAD GUY (CONT'D)
text: It was hidden in his hotel room, under the
dialog: mattress.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: Oh, bloody hell.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: How did you find him?
scene_heading: . HEAD CUY .
dialog: Got a tip; It's called old fashion police
dialog: work. It’s in our manual. Remind me and
dialog: I’ll send you a copy.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Pretty convenient he still had it with him.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: c'mon, dude, surely you don’t believe he
dialog: kept it? As a souvenir? This's a Fucking
dialog: set up, and you retards are buying it hook,
text: line and anvil.
speaker_heading: HEAD GUY
dialog: I‘li be holding a press conference later.
dialog: I‘d ask you to attend, but I look much
dialog: better on camera. You can catch it on TV
text: at the airport. Enjoy the champagne and
dialog: have a nice trip.
text: They laugh, leaving. Mike looks at his men.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: It’s not just me right? I’m not being
dialog: paranoid?
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: No gov’nor. You‘re dead on. It’s our boy
dialog: alright. And we’re being asked to leave.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Shown the door is more like it.
dialog: 22.
text: e@ Mike nods, dropping the champagne into the trash.
speaker_heading: JENKINS (CONT'D)
dialog: Assholes!
text: Jenkins kicks the map, and it teeters across the room.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: (fo the hooker)
dialog: Well sweets, you’re free to go. Unless you
dialog: fancy a_roll with a soon to be unemployed,
dialog: Interpol detective.
speaker_heading: PROSTITUE
dialog: (Subtitled)
dialog: Fuck you.
text: She leaves. We HEAR a tiny voice. Mike remembers his open cell.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Honey...? Looks like I’m coming home
dialog: sooner than we expected.
text: \ FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - ST. PETERSBURG - EARLY MORNING
text: 47 walks to a train locker, reaches behind, and pulls out the key
text: taped behind the lockers. He opens one of them and pulls out a
dialog: e@ iong black suitcase.
scene_heading: INT. SEEDY MOTEL - LATER BUT STILL EARLY
text: Light barely fights through the closed curtains, doing little to
text: dispel the gloom of this place.
text: 47 sits at the desk, his laptop open, a camera cabled to it, as is
text: the little projector which shows a map of the gity on one of the
text: walls. In the middle of the map, a tiny red circle is drawn.
text: More concentric circles ring the map, each denoting distance: 500
dialog: meters, 1000 meters, 2500 meters. 000 meters, etc.
text: 47 moves the cursor to a building at the edge of the map, almost
text: three miles, and CLICKS. The digital camera's hard-drive spins
text: and the building appears. It is very tall, but currently under
text: construction. Little more than superstructure and floors.
text: He CLICKS again. We now see the view from one of the top floors.
text: Far below, in the distance, we can just make a restaurant.
text: 47 looks at it a moment then moves to the bed. Where a Barrett
text: -50 Cal. Sniper rifle sits. He begins to disassemble the weapon.
text: We PAN back to the photo. We PUSH IN. The scan-lines DISAPPEAR.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - HIGH ANGLE
text: We HEAR a tiny CHING, and the diopter changes. Suddenly the
dialog: e
text: restaurant is much closer. Another CHING, and the diopter changes
text: again. We can practically make out the lines on the sidewalk.
dialog: e cur TO:
dialog: 23.
text: CU - TRIGGER as it is slowly depressed by a finger. Until_we HEAR
text: the SNAP of the bolt on an empty chamber. We TILT UP as 47
text: removes his eye from the scope. We are in...
scene_heading: INT. UNFINISHED SKY SCRAPER - DAY
text: 47 sits at the open window. Wind rushes in. The .50 cal on a
text: bipod in front of him.
text: He reaches down and works through figures on a ballistics table.
text: Adjusting the dial on the scope, slightly.
text: 47 then hefts the heavy five-round magazine from the floor, the
text: huge top bullet just visible. He inserts it into the weapon and
text: RACKS the bolt.
text: We PULL BACK as 47 leans forward, peering through the scope again,
text: and TRACK AWAY from him, through the huge, open wall.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL SHOT ~ CONTINUOUS
text: We MOVE away from one of the topmost floors, CONTINUING BACK
text: until the unfinished sky~scraper stands before us.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO (MOVING) - LATER
text: MIKHAIL BELICOFF signs documents in the back of a limo as a make-
text: up girl puts the finishing touches on his face.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF .
dialog: _. (In Russian, subtitled)
dialog: Is this really necessary?
text: Next to him, his PR WOMAN nods. She is on her cell.
speaker_heading: PR WOMAN
dialog: (In Russian, subtitled)
dialog: Are the news-crews there yet? Okay...
dialog: . (Hanging up)
dialog: Yergi, make the block... The CNN crew is
text: just setting up. They were delayed by the
dialog: crowd. Apparently you have a lot of fans.
text: Belicoff smiles at her. She shrugs.
speaker_heading: PR WOMAN (CONT’D) .
dialog: That’s what you pay me for. Besides, I’ma
dialog: believer. You do your job, and I‘1l do
dialog: mine.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT -— DAY
text: The street_is packed with over a thousand supporters, alt carrying
text: signs proclaiming their love and support. Camera crews line the
dialog: side-walk.
scene_heading: SOMEONE IN THE CROWD
dialog: He's here!
text: fhe crowd surges forward but begins to part as the limo pulls up
text: in front of the restaurant. It is flanked by two large SUVs.
text: Armed bodyguards swarm from the SUVs and surround the limo.
dialog: 24.
text: Belicoff and his group, ringed by a dozen bodyguards, move from
text: the limo. Like movie-stars mobbed by rabid fans.
text: Belicott takes a moment to shake a few hands. Someone throws rose
dialog: petals.
scene_heading: INT. UNFINISHED SKY SCRAPER - SAME TIME
text: Over two and a half miles away, 47 looks through the scope at the
text: scene. He depresses the trigger slightly.
text: 47'S SCOPED POV - We see Belicoff‘s guards shielding him. They
dialog: are skilled at their job.
text: BACK ON 47 who never takes his eye from the scope.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT ~ DAY
text: The reporters rush at him, but his bodyguards keep them at arms
text: length. More bodyguards continue to shield him.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF .
dialog: Gentlemen. Ladies. Thank you for coming
dialog: here today, despite the snow.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: You certainly have an overwhelming
dialog: contingency of grass roots support.
text: . BELICOFF .
dialog: Iam simply trying to represent the wishes
dialog: of the people.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CNN REPORTER
dialog: Do you believe that the Kremlin will begin
dialog: to take you seriously?
speaker_heading: BELICOFF
text: The whims of the old men in the Kremlin are
dialog: unimportant to me. I care about the
dialog: Russian people.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: There are some concerns over your political
dialog: views within the International community.
dialog: Some scholars are even comparing you to
dialog: Josef Stalin,
speaker_heading: BELTCOEF a
dialog: Exaggerations fed by my opponents. An
dialog: those in the West. “One only need to look
dialog: at the polls to...
text: Suddenly, one of Belicoff's bodyguards JUMPS out of the way.
text: Confused, Belicoff looks around.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF (CONT’D)
dialog: What are you doing!?!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 25.
text: ANGLE ON 47, looking through the scope, as he releases the
dialog: trigger.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: |. FEMALE REPORTER
dialog: I think it is beginning to snow.
text: Belicof£ looks at her. It isn’t snow on her face, but the spray
text: of blood. Belicoff freezes, looking up.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
text: AGENT 47’s POV as_a frightened Belicoff is looking directly at him
text: from two and a half miles away.
text: ANGLE ON 47, who squeezes the trigger again.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
text: ANGLE ON BELICOFF as his head transforms into a red mist.
text: We MOVE UP as his guards take him down. People panic. Then we
text: HEAR two tiny reports from very far away, as the SOUND of the
text: weapon finally catches up to them. BANG. BANG.
scene_heading: SERIES OF QUICK CUTS:
text: 47 breaks down the rifle. - 47 piles the two fired shell casings
text: and the disassembled rifle into a pile. - 47 pulis the pin on a
text: thermite grenade, drops it on the pile, and walks away. - The
text: Thermite Grenade IGNITES with a WHOOSH! The intense, 4000 degree,
text: white flame melts the metal. - 47 causally walks away from us,
text: across the huge floor, toward the waiting construction elevator.
dialog: - lescends.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN DEPOT - ST. PETERSBURG ~ DAY :
text: 47 walks through the train station. Behind him he pulls two,
text: newly purchased, sleek, carbon-fiber suitcases. We PULL BACK as
text: he moves toward the track. And to a waiting Bullet Train.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. NICE SUBURBAN HOUSE ~ NIGHT
text: Mike unlocks the door and moves quietly into his house. SQUEAK!
text: He steps on a rubber toy duck.
dialog: cquiel
dialog: uietly)
dialog: Shit...!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM ~ NICE SUBURBAN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mike walks quickly through the living room then notices that his
text: wife is asléep on the couch.
dialog: 26.
text: @ He kneels down, staring at her. He brushes the hair from her |
text: face. She is beautiful. He smiles, and begins removing his tie.
text: Just then, his cell phone rings.
speaker_heading: : MIKE
dialog: Shit!
scene_heading: INT. BULLET TRAIN - LATER
text: 47 sits in the rear of the first class cabin. He is staring at
dialog: pictures of a man. We shall call him “The Glasgow Assignment.”
text: Outside another train screams by the opposite direction. His
text: phone vibrates. A text message. “Please call the office.”
scene_heading: INT. LAVATORY - NIGHT
text: 47 locks the door and sets his laptop on the tiny sink.
text: CU - LAPTOP SCREEN. The black window opens and 47 goes through
text: the now familiar secure connection ritual. The white cursor
text: blinks, momentarily. Then...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (Text only)
dialog: We have a problem.
dialog: (a Secneaied
dialog: ext on
dialog: Yes? ¥
speaker_heading: @ DIANA ;
text: There was a witness. A prostitute observed
dialog: the transaction. Interpol is looking for
dialog: her now. Must handle immediately.
dialog: . AGENT 47 ;
dialog: Not possible, The Budapest authorities
dialog: should already have a suspect in custody.
speaker_heading: ; DIANA
dialog: Negative. Not Budapest. St. Petersburg.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 .
dialog: Highly unlikely. How reliable are your
dialog: sources.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Impeccable. As always.
text: The cursor blinks. 47 is not happy. He doesn’t make mistakes.
speaker_heading: ; AGENT 47
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: Frightened. Hiding. Has arranged a pickup
dialog: by Interpol. Tomorrow A.M. Will you
dialog: intercept?
text: 47 thinks about it a nanosecond, then...
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Yes. What about the Glasgow assignment?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: It will have to wait. Uploading data.
text: We PUSH into an unhappy CU of 47 in the tiny rest room’s mirror.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS CABIN - BULLET TRAIN - NIGHT
text: 47 pulls up the Russian Kommercheskiy Poezd train schedule. Ona
text: bev-nap he makes quick calculations.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE CAR - BULLET TRAIN - NIGHT
text: 47 moves through the packed car, and removes his luggage from the
text: stainless shelving. He then sits down on one of the cases, and
text: waits. Glancing at his watch.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: CU - WATCH, 20 minutes later. We PULL BACK as 47 moves to the
text: service hatch, leading to the roof of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF ~ BULLET TRAIN ~ NIGHT
text: 47 crouches on the roof, wind buffeting him. In the distance we
text: can see the lights of a town nearing. “To the left, a river.
text: 47 looks at the two pieces of luggage. He sighs.
text: He reaches into his bag, takes out a thermite grenade, pulls the
text: pin, and places it in one of the ungodly-expensive rolling bags.
text: With another sigh, he flings the bag off the train. It flies
text: toward the river below, flaring white briefly as it breaks the
dialog: surface of the water.
text: 47 feels the train begin to decelerate as it approaches the city,
text: in accordance with Federal regulations. He hefts his remaining
text: suitcase and begins to run toward the rear of his train.
text: Approachin from the other direction, another train leaves the
text: city’s “SLOW ZONE” and begins to pick up speed.
text: As it passes, 47 leaps across the distance between the two,
text: ianding deftly on the other train’s roof.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF — BULLET TRAIN #2 ~- NIGHT
text: He now must run in the opposite direction to keep from skipping
text: off like a stone. The rear of the train quickly approaches.
text: At the end of the last car, 47 slides off the edge, onto the
text: platform below, banging into the railing. He barely holds on to
text: is remaining suitcase which goes over the rail, handle extending.
text: He stands there a moment, the other train disappearing in the
text: distance. He withdraws the bev-nap, examining his calculations.
text: He shakes his head. He may have been a little off.
dialog: 28.
text: 47 straightens his tie, opens the rear compartment and casually
text: strides inside.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG TRAIN STATION ~ DAWN
text: The Bullet Train slides slowly toward the station. We CRANE UP,
text: HIGH ANGLE and PAN toward the city’s center.
scene_heading: EXT. GROZNYY — DAY
text: HIGH ANGLE. Soviet tanks traverse rubble-strewn streets in the
text: canyons of blackened, half-collapsed mid-rises. We HEAR the
text: steady pop of automatic gun-fire.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: GROZNYY, CAPITAL OF CHECHNYA, RUSSIA
text: We MOVE DOWN. A sniper, in urban camouflage, lays prone on a low
text: building, staring through the scope of a nasty silenced sniper |
text: rifle. “His face is hidden by a mil-spec camouflaged ski mask with
text: two eyeholes and a mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE ~- ONE MILE AWAY - DAY
text: A Rebel soldier runs quickly across a bombed out square. A bullet
text: tears through his hip, spinning him down.
text: BACK ON THE SNIPER
text: He stares through the scope, watching im assively as the man
text: bleeds. The man cries for help, trying to drag his body to cover.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - ONE MILE AWAY - DAY
text: Another rebel runs to the fallen man. He slides to the ground,
text: grabs the man by the shoulder and begins pulling him to safety.
text: INSERT CU - SNIPER’S FINGER on the trigger. Tightens.
text: The second rebel’s head explodes. The injured soldier screams as
text: the now dead man drops on him.
text: BACK ON THE SNIPER who pulls the trigger again. He then turns,
text: and with a piece of chalk adds two hash marks to the several dozen
text: already on the wall. He glances down.
text: BELOW, another camouflaged and masked soldier, holding a sat-phone
text: moves through the compound. These men belong to the most elite of
dialog: the Russian Special forces, Spetsgruppa Vympel.
dialog: Believed to be dismantled under Gorbachev due to their legendary
dialog: cruelty and predilection for blood-letting, the Vympel’s were in
text: fact simply reorganized. A military sledgehammer for the new KGB.
text: The other Vympel walks toward the remnants of an old apartment
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. OLD APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: Another man, E4, sits in the darkened room surrounded by several
text: Russian soldiers. He is holding an orange, and also wears the
text: Vympel’s signature ski-mask.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: B4
dialog: (Russian, subtitled)
dialog: Where are your terrorist brothers, now?
text: E4's ice clear eyes glance up at the man sitting across from him.
text: The man, a Chechen rebel, dried blood around his mouth, stares at
text: him with contempt. E4 nods.
speaker_heading: E4 (CONT'D
dialog: Are you right or left handed?
text: The man doesn’t speak. E4 stares at him a moment, then tries to
text: control the cruel smile tugging at his lips.
text: Suddenly, he throws he orange at the man. The man instinctively
text: catches it with his right hand. E4 swiftly lifts his silenced
text: Makarov and shoots through the orange.
text: PFFFT. The round tears through the orange and the man’s hand.
text: The man struggles not to scream.
text: The door opens and the other Vympel steps in from the light. He
text: lifts the sat phone to E4.
text: E4 stands and turns to the soldiers.
speaker_heading: E4 (CONT'D)
dialog: Cut off that hand with the torch. If he
text: doesn’t talk, remove his feet.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN SOLDIER
dialog: And if he still doesn’t?
speaker_heading: __E4
dialog: Bring his wife and daughters. Crucify
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: E4 takes the phone, walking across the compound.
speaker_heading: B4
dialog: Da?
text: He listens intently for a moment, moving by a dump-truck.
speaker_heading: E4 (CONT’D) .
dialog: I understand. How many men do you require?
text: He looks into the dump-truck. It is filled with dozens of Rebel
text: bodies. These men have been busy. He CLICKS off. E4 turns to
text: the man beside him.
speaker_heading: E4 (CONT'D) :
dialog: Moscow has requested a man for a special
dialog: assignment.
text: E4 points at the sniper on top of the low building.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: . E4 (coNrD)
text: Send him. A bird is in route.
dialog: (Turns)
dialog: And burn these bodies.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER ~- ST. PETERSBURG ~ DAY
dialog: We are in the heart of the city’s financial district. Tall .
text: buildings loom around us. Business people scurry to wherever it
dialog: is they are supposed to be. We PUSH through them. To a girl,
text: standing on the corner. Her name is Ekaterina Sytrovski, but goes
text: by the familiarized NIKA.
text: Just this side of eighteen, her long blonde hair is dyed bright
text: pink at the tips. She has the tattoo of a tiny dragon on her le
text: cheekbone, about the size of a dime, and her lip is pierced.
dialog: ft
text: None of this detracts from her beauty. She is stunning. And she
text: doesn’t look like a common prostitute, wearing one of those
text: expensive designer work-out suits, this one in pink, with the i950
text: on the ass. Nor does she look particularly frightened. More like
dialog: annoyed.
text: ANGLE ON 47, who moves calmly toward her, nonchalantly reaching
text: into his coat.
text: INSIDE HIS COAT is his stainless .45, silencer attached.
text: BACK ON THE GIRL, who looks up and down the street. A suited man
text: checks her out as he passes. She lifts her middle finger at him,
text: with a smile. The man moves on.
text: 47 takes this in as he approaches, thumbing off the .45’s safety.
text: She must feel him coming because she turns and glances at him.
text: They lock eyes, but oddiy, she doesn’t run. In fact, she isn’t
text: apprehensive at all. She just looks at him, quizzically.
text: She doesn't recognize him. No clue who he is. Quickly realizing
text: something is wrong, 47 rapidly steps right.
text: WHOOSH! A silenced sniper round misses him by inches. Bearing .
text: through the air where his head should be. FWACK!, the bullet hits
dialog: a bystander.
text: The crowd breaks into a panic as a moment later we HEAR the report
text: of the rifle. But 47 is already gone.
scene_heading: EXT. FAR DOWN THE STREET ~ DAY
text: 47 eases from an alley several hundred meters down the street,
text: hand still on that .45. His eyes scan the scene. Calculating.
text: He begins to push through the employees of an electronics store,
text: who are standing on sidéwalk like hungry vultures. And then 47
text: freezes. Sees something. He moves toward the glass front of the
dialog: Electronics Store. We PUSH IN.
text: Inside, televisions of every sort are set up for display. And on
text: them, is none other than Mikhail Belicoff, his head bandaged.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INT. ELECTRONICS STORE ~ DAY
text: 47 pushes his way inside. He stares at the broadcast.
text: ON THE SCREENS, Belicoff stands_in front of a crowd of frenzied
text: supporters. A CNN banner scrolls underneath: “Breaking News!”
speaker_heading: BELICOFF
dialog: The West... So afraid of my message that
dialog: cowardly violence is their response. If
dialog: they want a martyr, so be it. A thousand
dialog: assassins will not silence my voice if it
dialog: is echoed by Yous my countrymen. I for one
dialog: will not let their cowardice deter me.
dialog: Will you? Or will you raise your voice and
dialog: be heard?!?
text: The crowd begins chanting his name. Belicoff smiles.
speaker_heading: CNN CORESPONDENT
dialog: That was the scene outside a St. Petersburg
dialog: hospital just moments ago...
scene_heading: INT. BLACK MERCEDES ~ DOWN THE STREET -— DAY
text: Through the windshield we see 47 move quickly out and hurry down
text: * the street, through the crowd. We PAN TO a man in the back,
text: taking pictures with a telephoto camera, cabled to a laptop.
speaker_heading: MAN WITH CAMERA
dialog: {In Russian, subtitled.)
dialog: Stay with him.
speaker_heading: . DRIVER
dialog: Where sir?
text: The Man quickly looks up. The target has simply disappeared.
scene_heading: , MAN WITH CAMERA
dialog: (sighs) . . .
dialog: Blanket every hotel in the city with those
dialog: hotes. Call the Liteynyi. Inform them
dialog: he elimination failed... And the target
dialog: was lost. We have underestimated him.
scene_heading: INT. GULFSTREAM G-4 (MOVING) - DAY
text: Mike paces through the plane, on his cell. There are several more
text: members added to his team besides Jenkins and Clarkson.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I can’t be sure. He never works again so
dialog: quickly, but the Russians say Belicoff was
text: razed by a single bullet from over 4 .
text: kilometers away. It definitely sounds like
dialog: im...
dialog: (Beat) .
dialog: Yessir... We’ll be on the ground in less
dialog: than an hour. I'll keep you informed.
text: He CLICKS off. Clarkson looks at him.
dialog: 32.
text: . CLARKSON .
dialog: Doesn’t it bother you that he missed?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Everyone has a bad day.
text: Clarkson just looks at him. Mike nods.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Yeah, I know...
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: You need to see this.
text: hey move to the back of the plane, where Jenkins is watching the
text: footage from the assassination attempt on a large flat screen.
speaker_heading: . JENKINS (CONT’D)
dialog: Watch this. Whataya see boss?
text: He starts the footage again. We see Belicoff_talking to the
text: reporters, shielded by his bodyguard. Suddenly it looks as though
text: the’ guard jumps away.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: He shoots the bodyguard to get a clean shot
dialog: at Belicoff.
speaker_heading: . JENKINS
dialog: Right.
text: He backs it up and shuttles forward in SLOW MOTION. We see the
text: kinetic energy of the round impact the bodyguard, almost tearing
text: him in half.” Doubled over he just drops to the side.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: Nice shot.
speaker_heading: JENKINS .
dialog: Yeah, he split these two civilians here by
text: a couple of inches. Keep watching.
text: NORMAL SPEED. Belicoff responds to the reporter, who holds up her
text: bloody hand, and then turns. Just then, a blurry bystander moves
text: into rame so we can’t see Belicoff take the bullet. He just
dialog: Tops.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: For Christ's sake...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Back it up, again.
speaker_heading: INTERPOL AIDE
dialog: We have a fax.
text: Mike and Jenkins re-watch the footage. Clarkson moves to the fore
dialog: of the plane.
speaker_heading: INS
dialog: You see that?
dialog: 33.
text: Mike nods as Jenkins pauses the footage.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: Awful lot of arterial spray for a miss.
text: Jenkins grins, nodding. Mike replays it. Clarkson walks over,
text: fax in hand, nudges Jenkins, who reads it.
text: . JENKINS .
dialog: Sir... You need to see this.
text: Mike reaches over for it, without taking his eyes off the screen.
text: He sees the look on his mens’ faces. Mike looks at the fax. Then
text: reads it again. He looks at them.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Can this be right?
text: Clarkson and Jenkins both shrug. Mike falls back in the seat. He
text: sits there a moment, wheels turning. Then...
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Contact the FSB in St. Petersburg. Tell
dialog: them we have jurisdiction. No one moves
dialog: until we get there. No one. They just
dialog: keep him under surveillance.
dialog: (to the pilots)
dialog: And get this thing on the fucking ground!
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY HOTEL SUITE ~ DAY
text: Another hotel suite, this one with a more modernist twist but just
text: as nice. Set up as before. Little device on the door, rope on
text: the balcony rail, laptop on the desk.
text: 47 stares at the blinking white cursor, then...
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You set me up.
text: His words are transformed into type. A moment passes.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (Text)
dialog: I do not understand. Was the target not at
dialog: the location?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
text: The girl was there. But she was no
dialog: witness. She'd never seen me before. And
dialog: then an operative tried to kill me. A
dialog: sniper. One of your snipers...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Please wait.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Is Belicoff alive?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Yes. That is unfortunate. We will be
dialog: unable to transmit payment for the task as
dialog: the job was not completed --
speaker_heading: ; AGENT 47
dialog: -- Belicoff is not alive, It’s not
text: possible. He took a direct hit through the
dialog: nasal cavity. I watched it myself. Who
dialog: the hell is that on TV?
dialog: Blink, blink.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: X do not understand.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Is there a paper on me?
dialog: Blink, blink.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT‘D)
dialog: Angwer me! Is there an open contract on
dialog: me
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: We have no contract on you.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You had better be_sure. Because if you are
dialog: lying, whatever else happens I will find
dialog: you, and I will burn that building to the
dialog: ground around you.
dialog: Blink, blink.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Who was the client?
speaker_heading: __ DIANA ; .
dialog: I cannot give you that information.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Who was the client?
text: A long moment passes as the cursor blinks.
text: Suddenly, his hotel phone rings. Startled, 47 swings the .45
text: around, aiming at the phone. He stares as it rings again. He
text: lays the .45 on the desk and moves to it.
text: It continues to ring. 47 hesitates, then lifts the receiver.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello.
text: A strong, but sexy, British female is on the other end.
speaker_heading: ; DIANA
dialog: It is Diana.
text: This is a very odd moment for both of them.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: How did you know where to contact me?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I could be retired for breaking protocol
dialog: and contacting you directly. But I have a
dialog: certain fondness for you, 47. Your
dialog: location has been compromised...
dialog: eat
dialog: The cliests ihe client was Belicoff --
dialog: -- He doesn’t have time to process this information. From the
text: ether side of the door, 47 HEARS a faint CRUNCHING sound.
text: INSERT - ECU of a tactical boot-heel, CRUNCHING on the tiny beads.
text: 47 drops the phone and sprints toward the balcony, just as the
text: hinges are BLOWN off the hotel room door.
text: The door sags inward, pulling the wire on the little device
text: attached to it. Which EXPLODES.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: \ The shaped charge of the fist-sized device blows large ball-_
text: . bearings into the first three men of the Russian SWAT team lined
text: ‘ in the hallway.
text: The steel shot TEARS through their vests, dropping them.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY ~ DAY
text: Without hesitation 47 LEAPS over the balcony, grabbing the rope
text: tied to the railing, and swings to the balcony below.
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY HOTEL ROOM -— DAY
text: The Russian SWAT team storms into the room, weapons up.
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY ROOM BELOW ~ SAME TIME
text: 47 kicks through the balcony door to the room below as a business
text: man ges at it with a Russian prostitute. The prostitute screams
text: but 47 runs out the door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY BELOW — DAY
text: 47 runs down the hall, sliding to a stop at the ice machine. He
text: slams it open, digs down. in the back of the ice bin, coming up
text: with the 2 stashed stainless .45’‘s in a Ziplock with a silencer,
text: four extra clips and a strange flat, metal rod.
text: He tears the Ziplock away, pockets the clips and silencer, then
text: sprints toward the elevator.
scene_heading: ELEVATOR BANK — DAY
text: 47 jams one of the .45’s in his waistband, takes the metallic rod
text: and slips it into the crack between the elevator doors, prying
text: them open.
dialog: 36.
text: He then smashes the fire-alarm, pulling the lever and jumps onto
text: the elevator cables.
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY HOTEL SUITE - SAME TIME
text: The Russian Team leader speaks into his throat mike.
speaker_heading: TEAM LEADER
text: He has gone to the floor below. Teams 2
dialog: and 3, do you read -~
text: -~ The fire alarm screeches across the room.
speaker_heading: . TEAM LEADER (CONT‘D)
dialog: Say again...
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Five SWAT members ride up in the elevator. Suddenly it stops, and
text: begins moving down. They look at each other.
scene_heading: . RUSSIAN SWAT GUY
dialog: Sir, we are reversing direction...
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY HOTEL SUITE - DAY
speaker_heading: TRAM LEADER
text: The fire alarm. The elevators are .
text: programmed to move to the ground floor in
dialog: case of a fire.
text: The men all sigh, exasperated.
speaker_heading: TEAM LEADER (CONT'D)
dialog: Team two, what is your location?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY BELOW - DAY
speaker_heading: TEAM #2 GUY
dialog: Lt., there's no sign of him here. It’s
text: possible he has gone into the elevator
dialog: shaft.
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY HOTEL SUITE ~ DAY
speaker_heading: TEAM LEADER
dialog: Do you read, Team 3?
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR (DESCENDING) -— DAY
scene_heading: . RUSSIAN SWAT GUY
dialog: Sir, repeat that.
text: As the men glance around, we PULL BACK to reveal the barrel of a
text: stainless .45 inches from the split between his helmet and vest.
speaker_heading: TEAM LEADER (0.8.)
dialog: (Over radio) .
dialog: I_repeat, he may have gone into the
text: elevator shaft.
text: We TILT UP. 47 is the one aiming down from the access hatch.
dialog: 37.
text: BAM! 47 shoots him, acquires the man next to him. BAM! He then
text: opens fire with both .45‘s, the soft spots in their armor easy
dialog: targets at this range.
text: 47 drops onto the floor, still firing, now shooting up with both
text: weapons at the other two men. ‘They crumple.
text: 47 glances up. The elevator is passing the fifth floor. He grabs
text: one of the men‘s Glocks, slings an assault rifle, clips for both
text: and goes back up.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT - DAY
text: 47 stands on the elevator as it reaches the third floor. He grabs
text: the floor as the elevator continues descending, then jams the
text: metallic object into_the split between the doors, prying these |
text: open as well. He pulls himself up, glancing around, weapon moving.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - THIRD FLOOR - DAY
text: 47 runs toward the end of the hallway. The stairwell door opens
text: and 47 slows, lifting the weapon. A terrified maid drops her
dialog: cleaning supplies.
text: MAID’S POV ~ All she can see is .45, The weapon held up, obscuring
text: \ 47's face.
dialog: 47
dialog: (In Russian)
dialog: Down. Get Down!
text: REVERSE of the maid, frozen with fear. She mumbles. 47 pushes
text: her to the ground. Her eyes closed.
text: He turns the corner and keeps going. At the last room on the left
text: he kicks the door open, running in.
scene_heading: EMPTY HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: He runs through the room to the balcony.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - DAY
text: Never stopping he goes over the rail.
text: AERIAL SHOT as 47 drops the fifty feet into the freezing river
text: below. We HEAR helicopters circling.
scene_heading: INT. EMPTY ROOM — DAY
text: The SWAT team rushes in, to the balcony. But 47 is gone.
dialog: Fuck! TEAM LEADER
speaker_heading: ucK
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY HOTEL SUITE - LATER
text: Mike and his boys stand in the room, The Swat Leader and a St.
text: Petersburg Militsiya (Police) Captain stand in front of him.
text: Forensic specialists go over the place. Mike is pissed.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: What a bloody fucking mess.
text: The Swat Leader starts to say something but Mike’s look cuts him
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You were not to engage the suspect, only
dialog: observe.
text: TEAM LEADER , .
dialog: We were observing, sir. We had information
text: the suspect would attempt to flee.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: Attempt to flee?
speaker_heading: . TEAM LEADER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: : MIKE
dialog: Where is the suspect, now?
speaker_heading: TEAM LEADER
dialog: He fled, sir.
scene_heading: MILITSIYA CAPTAIN
dialog: We had orders...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: On who's authority?
scene_heading: MILITSIYA CAPTAIN
dialog: The FSB.
speaker_heading: , CLARKSON
dialog: Jesus fucking, tap-dancing Christ!
text: The Militsiya Captain seems as unhappy about this as Mike. Mike
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Wait, don’t touch that!
text: One of the forensic guys hovering over the laptop’s keyboard
text: touches the mouse. We HEAR a high pitched whine. The screen
dialog: blanks. A prom t states, “The hard-drive has been permanently
text: erased.” Then blinks out.
speaker_heading: JENKINS (CONT'D)
dialog: Where'd you get you’re fucking license, a
dialog: Fruit Loops box?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN FORENSIC
dialog: Fruit loops...
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: The hard-drive was key coded. You just
dialog: burned our only lead.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: That's it everyone out! Now! Out!
dialog: 39.
text: Slowly the room clears. Only our three boys are left.
speaker_heading: , MIKE (CONT‘D)
dialog: Give me a minute will ya?
text: Clarkson claps Mike on the back as they leave the room.
text: Mike, alone, slowly looks around. All of 47's stuff. His whole
text: life. Maybe it wasn’t a complete loss. He sighs.
scene_heading: EXT. EMPORIO ARMANI - NIGHT
text: 47, still dripping, walks into the store. His coat under his arm,
text: wrapped around the appropriated assault rifle and weapons. The
text: four salesman clustered around stare at him, noses wrinkled.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 .
dialog: I need a suit. And I need it tailored
dialog: before I leave.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN #1 .
dialog: I’m sorry, sir, we have a three week wait
dialog: for all tailoring.
speaker_heading: ; AGENT 47
text: Then find a seamstress.
text: 47 holds up a wad of wet, but very large Euros.
speaker_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN
dialog: Of course sir, right this way. May I take
dialog: your coat?
text: 47 just looks at him.
speaker_heading: , SWISHY SALESMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright then, right this way. Espresso?
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY HOTEL SUITE - SAME TIME
text: Mike walks through the suite, looking. He stares at 47’s
text: stainless .45, hefting it. He then moves to the suitcase.
text: We INTERCUT between the two scenes.
text: 47 looks at the salesman who has an armful of suits, holding them
text: out one by one. Pinstripes, greys, blues...
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Black.
scene_heading: . SWISHY SALESMAN
dialog: Might I suggest a man of your frame --
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: ~- Black.
speaker_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN
dialog: Alright then.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 40.
text: Mike opens the suitcase. Inside is all manner of killin
text: equipment. He pulls out a pack of syringes. And a small leather
text: case. Inside are several nasty looking ampules.
speaker_heading: cuUT TO:
text: 47 stands, being fitted for the suit. A seamstress pins the
text: cuits « gowishy Salesman holds out a selection of ties. 47 shakes
dialog: is head.
speaker_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Let me guess. You'd like a red one.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
text: Mike continues to go through 47‘s stuff. Looking, thinking,
text: trying to understand his adversary.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 47 sits on a chair waiting. A new suitcase stuffed at his feet.
text: Swishy Salesman brings him an espresso.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: How'd you like to make a couple of thousand
dialog: dollars? U.S.
scene_heading: , SWISHY SALESMAN
dialog: Grins)
dialog: I_get off in an hour. There’s a great new
dialog: clu
text: 47’s look shuts him down.
speaker_heading: _ AGENT 47
dialog: I need to find a girl.
speaker_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN
dialog: Oh. Well... Unfortunately that’s not
dialog: really my department.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
text: Someone specific. Blond, pink streaked
text: hair. Sexy. Small dragon tattoo on her
dialog: cheek bone. She has expensive tastes. You
text: have friends, call around the other shops.
dialog: I‘ll make it ten thousand if you find her
dialog: in the next two hours. I just need a name.
scene_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN _ .
dialog: Ten thousand?!? You’re not going to kill
dialog: her are you?
speaker_heading: __ AGENT 47
dialog: Do I look like the kind of guy who'd kill
dialog: someone?
speaker_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN
dialog: Of course not, darling. But for ten
dialog: thousand dollars, what do I care?
dialog: 4l.
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT
text: Mike sits at the desk thinking. Someone knocks at the door. Mike
text: opens it. Jenkins stands there.
speaker_heading: JENKINS ; .
dialog: Someone would like a word with you, sir.
dialog: The FSB.
text: In the hallway three men wait, calmly. They look like 50’s era
dialog: Soviet KGB guys, just in nicer suits. The biggest one, CHIEF
text: AGENT YURI MARKLOV smiles at Mike, like he has all the time in the
text: world. Mike sighs.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Jenkins, scrounge me up some cigarettes
dialog: will you?
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Your wife isn’t going to be happy, sir.
text: Mike smiles at Jenkins and moves toward Yuri.
speaker_heading: MIKE ;
dialog: I’m Captain Detective Mike Whittier,
dialog: Interpol.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Yes Michael, I_am aware who you are. |
dialog: Perhaps we would be more comfortable in the
dialog: Hotel’s cafe. They have excellent Blow
dialog: Fish this time of year. Or vodka if that
dialog: is more your taste
text: Mike nods, smiling. He looks back at Jenkins.
speaker_heading: ; MIKE
dialog: Hurry with those, would you?
scene_heading: INT. INTERNET COFFEE SHOP - NIGHT
text: 47 sits in the back, at_a terminal, wearing a new suit and a new
text: fur-lined, black, full-length coat. He is reading all the
dialog: articles on Belicoff.
dialog: “Belicoff Hard-line Stance - Anti American?” “Mikhail Belicoff
dialog: gaining Support with Russia's Working class.” “Belicoff
dialog: softening his Hard-line View?” Then another about his crazy |
text: brother. “Udre Belicoff arrested for murder in Minsk. Political
dialog: trouble for his older Brother?”
text: With his other hand, he is drawing on a torn out magazine ad with
text: a red pen. The ad is a CU of a beautiful model. With the pen he
text: has transformed the picture into a damn good likeness of the girl,
text: Nika. It seems as if he is doing both things simultaneously.
text: 47 logs onto a Forum. W.0.0.F. - Women Outraged Over Fur. A
text: message box opens. “Account Terminated Due to Technical Problems.
dialog: Do Not Attempt to Reconnect!” Then, “You are on your own, 47.”
text: He stares at the screen. He then logs onto a Secure Mail Server.
dialog: ayes an email address, then: “Need to call in a favor. Urgent.
dialog: Will come to you. 47." Hits send.
dialog: 42.
text: He glances over at the picture he’s been working on. But looks up
text: as Swishy Salesman and another similarly dressed YOUNG MAN enter
text: the cafe, moving to him.
scene_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN .
dialog: This is Joseph, He works at the Christian
dialog: Louboutin boutique. They sell very
dialog: expensive shoes.
text: 47 looks at him.
speaker_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Right. Well he knows the girl.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
text: She comes in occasionally and buys out the
dialog: shop.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: This her?
text: Showing him the picture he’s been working on.
speaker_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN
dialog: That’s pretty good.
text: It is a pretty good resemblance. Young Man nods.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You have a name?
speaker_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN
dialog: Better. He has her address.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Where we deliver her merchandise.
text: 47’s phone beeps. Text message. He looks at it. It reads.
dialog: “Tomorrow, 10PM. Belgrade. Kinky Cafe. Don’t be late.”
speaker_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN
dialog: Did I make the deadline?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Close enough. .
dialog: (Hands him a wad of cash)
dialog: Give me your shades.
text: Even though it is night, Swishy is wearing these cool black
text: shades. Swishy doesn’t even think about it, just hands them to
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT’D) .
dialog: Where can I buy some flowers? Expensive.
text: Swishy starts to tell him, then stops.
speaker_heading: SWISHY SALESMAN
dialog: One more thing, friend to friend. You
dialog: should be careful with her.
text: Agent 47 looks at them. Swishy nudges the other guy.
dialog: 
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: . YOUNG MAN
dialog: It’s just... Well, she doesn’t buy her
dialog: things. It’s her boyfriend. And he’s
dialog: connected,
speaker_heading: Maria? AGENT 47
dialog: alia?
speaker_heading: YOUNG _MAN .
dialog: No, far worse. Political. His name is
dialog: Mikhail Belicoff.
dialog: We PUSH into a CU of 47.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE’ - SWANKY HOTEL - NIGHT
dialog: To call this place a cafe is someone’s idea of humor. It’s like
dialog: calling the Burj Dubai a building.
text: Yuri sits slurping down oysters. He pours Mike another shot of
dialog: $300 dollar a bottle vodka.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You're expense account must be larger than
dialog: mine.
text: “ Yuri smiles.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: The assassin you are looking for. My
dialog: associates tell me you believe him to be
dialog: freelance?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I know he is. If you follow the pattern of
dialog: kills across Europe, the only pattern is
dialog: there is no pattern. Except the efficiency
dialog: of the work.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: So, you do not believe he is connected with
dialog: the erican Central Intelligence Agency?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No. There is nothing to suggest that. Why
dialog: do you ask?
speaker_heading: YURI /
dialog: No reason, It just seems to be a bit
dialog: naive.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (Smiles)
dialog: You think so.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Please, I am not trying to offend you. You
dialog: are a very capable police officer. But
dialog: that is what you are. A cop. A rock is
dialog: tossed through a window, you look for the
dialog: perpetrator. You try to reason a motive.
dialog: however am paid to look under that rock.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: To determine, what chain of events would be
text: triggered by it breaking that window, and
dialog: who would ultimately benefit, globally.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What are you suggesting?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Merely that, you are a very good
dialog: syshchik... Detective. Isn’t it odd that
dialog: after three years, you have been unable to
dialog: even put a face with your assassin, beyond
dialog: a vague description? Internally you even
dialog: refer to this man as a ghost.
text: Mike looks at him.
speaker_heading: _ YURI (CONT’D)
dialog: Perhaps it is not a single man you are
dialog: looking for. But a well financed
dialog: intelligence organization working for a
dialog: singular cause. The CIA for example.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: The CIA no longer has that kind of power.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: And the KGB no longer exists. Yet here I
dialog: sit.
text: Mike thinks a moment.
dialog: Yuri smiles,
dialog: _. ,. MIKE
dialog: Well, it is a theory.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Yes. A theory. But a theory shared by
dialog: Moscow. In accordance with Article 1764.3
dialog: of the EU Charter, any state matters which
dialog: deal directly with intelligence shall be
dialog: the sole jurisdiction of the host country.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Abh, And the light bulb comes on. Took me
text: a minute. Must be the jet-lag.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: You're telling us to leave.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: No, of course not. You are a good man,
dialog: Michael, enjoy the sights of Russia. But
dialog: leave the intelligencé work, and this
dialog: assassin, to the FSB.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Who informed you of the whereabouts of my
dialog: guy?
text: slurping down another oyster. Mike nods.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, here's an easy one. Who is Belicoff?
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I’m sorry?
text: He tosses Yuri a picture. It is a hard copy of the frame from the
dialog: shooting.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Two things are wrong with that picture.
text: One, that footage has been tampered with.
dialog: Someone inserted that civilian to cover up
dialog: what actually happened. What is it you’re
dialog: trying to cover up?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (Pouring a vodka)
dialog: And the second thing?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: My boy doesn’t miss.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: , gStams the shot) |
dialog: As I said, you are a very good policeman
dialog: Michael. Try the oysters. They are
dialog: lovely.
text: Yuri rises to leave.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Is the FSB trying to cover-up some sick PR
dialog: stunt to stir up support and raise Belicoff
dialog: in the polls? saw the speech. Is that
dialog: why you're trying to get rid of us? You
dialog: don’t want us to find the sniper?
text: Yuri grins, putting on his coat.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Well, the failed assassination has.
dialog: definitery siyvated Belicoff politically.
dialog: ea
dialog: I’m trying to protect you, Michael.
text: Mike looks at the two other Russian FSB agents who resemble
text: Gestapo, lounging at the periphery.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Is that_a threat? Is the FSB threatening a
dialog: senior Interpol detective?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (Chuckles) .
dialog: Please thank Interpol for such a fine, if
dialog: expensive, meal. | id enjoy the vodka, you
dialog: paid enough for it.
text: He motions to his men who follow him out. Jenkins walks over and
text: gives Mike the pack of cigarettes. Mike opens it. Lights one.
text: He glances at the untouched feast as Jenkins turns to leave.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Jenkins. Tell Clarkson to get down here.
dialog: Wo reason for this expensive dinner to go
dialog: to waste. You enjoy it.
text: Mike walks away.
scene_heading: INT. BAD ASS APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
dialog: One month’s rent_on this place would cost most Russians an entire
text: life’s salary. A bald homeless guy stares in at the warmth.
text: The Guy behind the front desk looks up-._In front of him stands
text: 47, wearing shades and a heavy jacket with the hood pulled up. In
text: his hand is a huge vase with about 4 dozen blue roses.
speaker_heading: DESK GUY
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Ms. Sytrovski. I have a delivery.
scene_heading: _ DESK GUY .
dialog: Just leave it with me. I'll sign.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: No, I need to deliver them personally. For
dialog: her boyfriend.
speaker_heading: DESK GUY
dialog: That is impossible.
text: 47 shows him a wad of cash.
speaker_heading: DESK GUY (CONT’D
dialog: Despite what most of the world thinks of
dialog: Russians. Some of us are above petty
dialog: bribes.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: That's two grand.
speaker_heading: DESK GUY
dialog: Yessir, she’s in the penthouse. Allow me
dialog: to key the elevator for you.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Lavish. The doorbell CHIMES, Nika moves toward the door. She is
text: dressed in a nothing of a dress, 4-inch heels, and made up like
text: she‘s getting ready to go out. Or stay in.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Russian, subtitled)
dialog: Yes, I hear you? What?
text: She looks through the peephole.
text: HER POV - We SEE the huge bouquet of blue roses.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT’D)
dialog: You’re supposed to leave those at the desk.
dialog: 
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (0.S.)
dialog: Mr. Belicoff sent them.
text: She thinks about it and sighs.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY ~ NIGHT
text: 47 stands to one side of the door, roses held in front of the
text: peephole with one hand, silenced .45 in the other.
text: We HEAR the door unlatch. Slowly it opens.
text: In a single motion, 47 drops the vase and quickly reaches through
text: the opening, yanking Nika out by the throat. He pulls her over,
text: placing the silencer against her eye.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: Who else is inside?
text: She can’t speak, her air cut off by his vise-like grip. Eyes wide
text: with fear she just shakes her head.
text: 47 glances around the jam and surveys the room. Satisfied, he
text: relaxes his grip, slightly.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: You are coming with me. Make a sound, I'll
dialog: end your life. Understand? No second
dialog: chance.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: afraid)
dialog: I can’t leave.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Then I’11 shoot you in the knee-caps and
dialog: drag you out.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I need a coat.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - MOMENTS LATER
text: 47 pushes Nika in front of him toward the door. The desk Guy
text: smiles at them.
speaker_heading: DESK GUY
dialog: Good night, sir, and madame.
dialog: (Quick beat)
dialog: Oh, Miss Nika, did you enjoy the flowers?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: They were fucking lovely, you prick.
text: The Desk Guy is confused.
scene_heading: EXT. LAVISH APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: 47 pushes Nika around to the alley where a big black Maybach 57S
text: waits. He pops the trunk. The bald homeless guy watches them.
dialog: 
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Where are you taking me?
dialog: (Realization hits) .
dialog: I know you. From the street. Earlier
dialog: today. You killed that man.
speaker_heading: / AGENT 47
dialog: Get in.
text: She looks at him. He looks at the open trunk.
speaker_heading: NIKA oo,
dialog: Fuck youl I’m not getting in there.
text: . AGENT _ 47 .
dialog: Bleeding or not. Either way, you go in.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Climbing inside)
dialog: You're a fucking asshole. My boyfriend
dialog: will have you castr--
text: ~~ 47 shuts the trunk and moves to the drivers seat. We HEAR her
text: muffled scream.
speaker_heading: NIKA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s a dead man in here...!
text: He CRANKS the car and hauls ass away. The tail-lights disappear
text: into the snowy, dark streets.
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY HOTEL SUITE - SAME TIME
text: Mike sits on the bed, smoking. His cell rings, he looks at it and
text: puts out his cigarette.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hey babe. You're up late.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN ~ SUBURBAN HOUSE — MORNING
speaker_heading: WIFE .
dialog: It’s early, sweetheart. How are things?
text: We INTERCUT BETWEEN THEM...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Shitty. How ‘bout you?
speaker_heading: WIFE
text: Fat, cranky. Horny.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: That’s how you got fat, honey.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Then we don't have anything to worry
dialog: about... Did you just call me fat?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (Smiles)
dialog: I love you, honey.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: I_love you too, and I miss you. It’s
dialog: almost Christmas. I’m gonna have to put an
dialog: add in the eeper for a surrogate husband...
dialog: (Beat °
dialog: Michael. Have you been smoking?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: How do you do that?
speaker_heading: WIFE ; ,
dialog: I’m amom. I have ESP. Quit smoking.
text: We HEAR a key sliding into the lock. Mike pulls his H&K.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I love you. Gotta go.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: seme home! And try to keep from getting
dialog: shot --
text: ~~ He hangs up as the door opens. He lifts the weapon. It is
text: four FSB thugs with chopped-down AKMs.
speaker_heading: FSB THUG .
dialog: You are required to leave this area
dialog: immediately, pursuant to European law and
dialog: those of the Russian Federation... Sir.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY ~ NIGHT
text: Mike watches as two workmen fit pad-locks to the door, while one
text: gf the thugs stretches yellow sticky tape across it. The rest eye
dialog: e.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: What the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: We're being booted.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: This is becoming a habit.
speaker_heading: FSB THUG
dialog: Your cooperation will be noted.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER SEEDY MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Nika sits in a chair in the middle of the room, roughly four feet
text: away from the bed where 47 sits. Even in the gloom, she is
text: magnificent. And obviously terrified. Tries to remain calm.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Are you going to kill me?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: (Thinks a beat)
dialog: Probably.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: WNIKA
dialog: When my boyfriend finds out what you've
dialog: done, he will find you, and do things you
dialog: can’t even imagine.
dialog: (Long silence)
dialog: If you‘re going to kill me anyway, why
dialog: should I do anything you ask?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Because if you don‘t, I will hurt you.
speaker_heading: WIKA
dialog: You aren't the first man to hurt me.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: No... But I will be the last.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Resigns herself)
dialog: Would you mind if I smoke before you start?
text: He watches her as she takes a pack of cigarettes out of her
text: jacket, lights one. Then notices his confusion.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Exhaling smoke)
dialog: Before you rape me.
speaker_heading: _ AGENT 47
dialog: I’m not going to rape you.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Then... Why did you kidnap me?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I want to ask you some questions.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: There’s no need to hurt me. I’11 tell you
dialog: whatever you want to know.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 .
dialog: Let’s start with an easy one. Why did you
dialog: do that to your face?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: That’s none of your business. Ask me
dialog: something else.
text: He places the tip of the silenced .45 against her perfect knee.
text: She clenches her teeth, defiant.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: That one’s free. You're a prostitute?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: No. I’m a whore.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47
dialog: Pretty high class for a whore.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Gilded cages... As they say.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Before today, on the street, have you ever
dialog: seen me before?
text: She shakes her head, no.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: Why were you there?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: My boyfriend. He told me to meet his
text: driver on that corner. At that exact time.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Belicoff?
text: She is beginning to realize this is not some simple kidnapping.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: You know him?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Better than he knows himself. Men like
dialog: Belicoff don't have girlfriends. They have
dialog: oys.
speaker_heading: NIKA .
dialog: Okay. I’m his a cum receptacle. But it
dialog: beats the alternative.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: How is it after taking a bullet in the head
dialog: yesterday, he was able to give a speech
dialog: oday
text: She shrugs, not knowing what to say.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Then you're of no use to me.
text: He lifts his .45. She thinks quickly.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Wait...! There is something... If
dialog: Mischa...Mikhail finds out fT told you,
dialog: he'll have me dismembered.
speaker_heading: _ AGENT 47
dialog: My guess is he already knows. The cameras
dialog: in the lebby of your apartment.
text: Now she really is frightened. Desperate. She is out of options.
speaker_heading: NIKA
text: Mischa... Mikhail is sick. Raskolnik.
text: Divided mentally.
text: 47 smiles at her, not believing.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47
dialog: Multiple personalities...?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: It's true. Why would I lie?
dialog: 47 can think of about a thousand reasons.
text: 47 smiles.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Why do you think that?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Because I’m a woman. Things. Pet~-names.
dialog: Personality traits. One of them, who I
dialog: called Mischa, is a_ sadist. He Liked to
dialog: hurt me. Got him off. Took me a while to
dialog: figure it out. I’d just fuck whichever one
dialog: showed up. They take me shopping, we go to
dialog: dinner, whatever. To excite the paparazzi.
dialog: But T haven't seen Mischa in months. Just
dialog: Mikhail... Who is actually very sweet...
text: Things are starting to make sense.
speaker_heading: what? NIKA (CONT‘D)
dialog: at?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 .
dialog: Belicoff hired me to kill him. Then he
dialog: used you to set me up to kill me. But you
dialog: were hever meant to survive our meeting.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I don’t believe you. Why would he do that?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Because...
text: He then shakes his head, doesn’t matter.
text: She shrugs.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT‘D)
dialog: Tell me about Udre Belicoff.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Mikhail’s brother? I don’t know...
text: (She looks at 47) . .
text: Mikhail and Udre don’t speak much. Mikhail
dialog: called him Mudak. A fuck-up. Had him
text: exiled. He runs slave girls, drugs,
dialog: weapons. Anything to keep up his lifestyle
dialog: since Mikhail cut him off, Udre’s
text: completely paranoid, convinced that both
dialog: the CIA and the FSB want him dead. He's a
text: drug addict and a psychopath.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: That‘s it?
dialog: She’s told him all she knows.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Now what?
dialog: 53.
text: e@ They look at each other for a long beat. Then 47 gets up and
text: walks behind her. She sighs. She knows.
speaker_heading: _— _ NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a nice enough place I suppose...
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
text: The honeymoon suite.
dialog: (Then gently, but serious)
dialog: Close your eyes.
text: She does. He lifts the silenced .45 to the back of her head. A
text: single mascara stained tear rolls down her face.
text: 47 looks at himself in the large mirror on the wall above the bed.
text: Her in front of him, eyes closed, teeth clenched. Waiting for the
dialog: bullet. Which doesn’t come.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT‘D)
dialog: Get up.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Confused
dialog: You change your mind about raping me?
speaker_heading: _ AGENT 47
dialog: You're coming with me.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: No... Ican’t. He'll...
speaker_heading: @ AGENT 47
dialog: Your other choice is the morgue. The dead
dialog: man in the trunk, your driver, was carrying
dialog: this.
text: 47 pulls out a small, silenced Russian handgun.
speaker_heading: _. AGENT 47 (CONT'D) |
text: A .22 caliber Makarov, with an integral
dialog: silencer. Used to be a favored weapon with
dialog: the KGB. Not much use for protection, but
dialog: exceptionally good for killing, especially
dialog: if you aim for the soft spots, like your
dialog: eye. Your driver was going to use it on
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Staring at him)
dialog: Why are you helping me?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You‘re my only connection to Belicoff. And
dialog: because I need to get out of St. Petersburg
dialog: and every oop in the city is looking for me
dialog: right now. ut they aren’t looking for us.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY ~ DAWN
text: Mike stands on the balcony, smoking. Watching as dawn creeps up
text: e@ over the city. Suddenly realization hits him.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Shit...!
text: He runs into his room, grabbing his cell. Dials.
speaker_heading: . MIKE (CONT'D) ;
dialog: Get Jenkins. He’s leaving the city.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM ~ MIDDLE CLASS FLAT - EARLY
text: The Militsiya Captain, asleep with his wife, rolls over. He puts
text: on his glasses, looking at the clock. Someone BANGS on his door.
scene_heading: INT, MIDDLE CLASS FLAT - MOMENTS LATER
text: He opens the door. Outside stands Mike and his two men.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I need to talk to you.
text: Standing behind the Captain is his wife.
scene_heading: MILITSIYA CAPTAIN’S WIFE
dialog: I'll make coffee.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN ~- MIDDLE CLASS FLAT ~ EARLY
text: Mike, drinking his coffee, unfolds a map of the city.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Put roadblocks here, here and here. We
dialog: need men at both airports. But my guess,
text: he‘1ll try and leave by train.
scene_heading: MILITSIYA CAPTAIN
dialog: Wait. You are asking me to blatantly
dialog: undermine the FSB. This is not England.
dialog: At_best I'll lose my position, at worst
dialog: I’1l end up in Siberia.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I dunno. If it was me, I‘d want to catch
dialog: the man that killed my officers. I’m sure
dialog: their families would want that.
scene_heading: MILITSIYA CAPTAIN | ,
dialog: How do you know he’s even leaving the city?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Because I know.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET ~- MORNING
text: The Maybach is parked on the street, the bulk of the St. Pete
text: Train Station dooming overhead. To one side a scruffy vender
text: sells Chinese knockoff cameras, as 47 taps on the glass.
scene_heading: INT. MAYBACH — MORNING
text: oTs of Nika who sits in the drivers seat. 47 looks at her.
dialog: 
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Don’t move until I tell you.
text: He hands her a fifth of vodka then moves away from the car as the
text: window rolls up.
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE - ST. PETERSBURG RAIL STATION — LATER
text: HIGH ANGLE beneath the huge dome, below the open expanse of the
text: ancient station, ass-packed with travellers. Mike stands off to
text: one side, searching.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (Into his radio)
dialog: Jenkins? Anything?
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - ST. PETERSBURG RAIL STATION ~ DAY
text: Scanning a bank of monitors, Jenkins picks up his radio.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: BACK ON MIKE
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Stay sharp.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Clarkson?
text: Glarkson stands by the entrance, surveying the scene from ground
dialog: evel.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: Not a peep, Gov‘nor.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What‘s with the clown?
text: In the middle, a clown hands out helium balloons.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON |
dialog: Dunno, It’s a clown sir. You want me to
dialog: get rid of him?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No. How’re the Russians?
text: Russian Militsioners (Police Officers), looking more like soldiers
text: than cops with their uniforms and automatic weapons, are spread
text: throughout the room and checking IDs at the door.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: They’re Russian. You know, Gov'nor, these
dialog: chaps aren’t exactly subtle. He’1ll know
dialog: we're here.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: He already knows.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE - ST. PETERSBURG RAIL STATION - AN HOUR LATER
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: C’mon, c'mon. Where are you?
text: Militsiya Captain walks up to him, looks at Mike.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT’D)
dialog: He'll be here.
scene_heading: MILITSIYA CAPTAIN
dialog: I hope so, Inspector. For both our sakes.
text: Mike sighs. Something isn’t right.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Clarky. Get rid of that fucking clown.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: With pleasure.
text: Mike watches as Clarkson moves to the clown, having to push
text: through a group of Provodnik, Russian train conductors, in long,
text: yellow slickers and fur hats, walking toward their trains.
text: ANGLE ON_ CLARKSON, walking up to the clown, The dude is wearing a
text: rubber clown mask, which is particularly hideous even for a clown.
speaker_heading: (ri CLARKSON {cont ’'D)
dialog: Flippin is badge
dialog: Beat it. Now! 9
text: The clown, not wanting any trouble, holds uy ,his hands, letting
text: the balloons go. They drift toward the ceiling.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON (CONT'D)
text: The other way. Outside.
text: The clown nods, moving in the direction of Clarkson's finger.
text: BACK ON MIKE as he looks around. Train passengers move at him
text: from every direction. He pushes through them.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: He's here, I can feel it. I’m coming down.
dialog: (Seeing something) | .
dialog: Jenkins, check out that guy in the jacket.
text: Near the stairs.
text: The man is wearing a fur coat with the hood pulled up. His face
text: invisible. He is with a_woman pushing a stroller. The woman
text: stops to fix her heel. It is Nika.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT’D)
dialog: You clever bastard...
speaker_heading: . JENKINS (0.8.)
dialog: Sir, what is that clown doing?
text: Mike looks. The clown is making a bee-line for the man in the
text: coat. The woman stops to ask a Militsioner directions.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Clarkson! The clown!
text: Clarkson moves, but is too far from the coated man, or the clown.
text: ANGLE ON THE MILITSIONER, looking at the schedule Nika is holding.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Does this train go to Vladivostok?
text: She turns, just as the Clown strides up to them. The Clown
text: reaches out and spins the man in the jacket to face him.
text: We PUSH QUICKLY across the terminal, past a food vender slicing
dialog: cooked meat with a butcher knife, to...
text: 47 standing by a column. He is wearing the heavy yellow slicker
text: and fur hat of a Provodnik. He casual. ¥ turns, his hand inside
text: his jacket, to position the small raised dimple beneath his other
text: arm.” The only evidence of the silencer pressed against it.
text: BACK ON THE CLOWN. Confusion in the Clown’s eyes as the man
text: doubles over, dropping to the ground.
text: ANGLE ON MIKE, who breaks into a run.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: That fucking clown!
text: cU - CLOWN, very confused. He didn’t shoot him. We PAN to...
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Screams, pointing)
dialog: He’s got a gun! You killed him!
text: The Militsioner next to her looks at the Clown. There is indeed a
text: fun in the Clown‘’s hand, silenced, but un-fired. The Militsioner
text: ifts his weapon as the Clown shoots him.
text: ANGLE ON MIKE, now on the GROUND LEVEL. Mike raises his weapon,
text: but due to the crowd in full panic, he can’t get a shot.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Stop him!
text: WIDE ANGLE as the Clown moves the gun to shoot Nika, but instead
text: fires at the more immediate threat. Two Russian cops. He turns
text: as they fall, and he runs.
text: ANGLE ON 47, who lowers the weapon inside his coat. He watches
text: the Clown a moment then looks at the station map in his hand.
text: 47 moves quickly between the columns, past the food vendor ducking
text: behind his cart, the knife forgotten on the cutting board.
text: The Clown sprints across the terminal, shooting another |
text: Militsioner. He ducks into a side passage. Automatic fire from
text: the cops drop several of the passengers.
text: ANGLE ON MIKE, who runs to the fallen, coated man. He turns him
text: over. Clarkson at his side.
dialog: 58.
text: The man in the coat is the beggar from outside Nika’s Apartment
text: Building, re-dressed all in Armani, and BABBLING in Russian. A
text: stupid, and quite drunk, grin on his face.
text: Mike sighs, dropping him, and looks up.
speaker_heading: . MIKE (CONT’D) . .
text: All_ units pursue the target. He is wearing
dialog: a Clown mask --
text: Just then Yuri appears, Militsiya Captain in tow.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Disregard that order. All units stand
dialog: down. This is FSB Chief Agent Yuri
dialog: Marklov. Repeat all units stand down
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I believed I explained to you that _your
dialog: cooperation is no longer needed. This is
dialog: an FSB matter now.
text: FSB thugs swarm the train station. Mike sees Nika disappearing
text: through the terminal.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Fuck...! Jenkins.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Got her, boss.
text: Jenkins runs after her and past the food vendor, who looks up,
text: confused. The butcher knife is gone.
scene_heading: INT. SIDE PASSAGE ~ MORNING
text: The clown runs. A boy points at him. His father, clueless, grabs
text: the clown’s arm for a balioon. The clown shoots him, never
dialog: stopping.
scene_heading: INT. DESERTED PLATFORM - MORNING
text: The clown jumps off the platform and runs down the tracks. He
text: passes the end of a train.
text: PFFFT, A bullet tears a huge hole through his knee, spinning him
text: to the ground, In huge amounts of pain he scrambles for his
dialog: weapon, gets it.
text: PFFFFT. Another bullet tears through the Clown's bicep, snapping
text: the bone. His arm goes limp, dropping the weapon.
text: 47 steps out from behind the train, glances quickly around, then
text: grabs the clown by the bad arm and drags him into the empty train
dialog: car.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. EMPTY TRAIN CAR ~ MORNING
text: 7 pulls the Clown up onto his feet by the throat, pinning him
text: agaenae the aluminum wall of car.
text: The clown starts to fight. 7 presses the silencer against the
text: soft spot between his arm and shoulder.
text: PFFFFT. The man howls in pain., places the silencer under the
text: Clown’s chin. We see the Clown's eyes through the holes in the
dialog: mask.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: Shhh. Sto} ony
dialog: Who hired yo you bo kill me? Was it Belicoff?
text: The Clown is silent. 47 thinks about shooting him again. Instead
text: he peels up the mask.
text: The two men look at each other a moment, then the man spits
text: something at him. 47 moves, the thing missing him. 47 looks at
text: the ground. He realizes the man just bit out his own tongue.
text: \ ANGLE ON 47 drops the man to the ground. The man smiles at him,
text: * blood pouring from his mouth, and pulls the Clown mask back down.
text: 47 stands over him, gun outstretched.
text: Suddenly, 47 pulls his other .45 and leans out of the train just
text: as Nika steps out.
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY TRAIN CAR - MORNING
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I followed him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 .
dialog: You were supposed to wait for me in the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I didn’t want you to leave me.
text: 7,97 2mages : returning his attention to the Clown. He steps down
text: sti i holding the other .45 on him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Wait... You said you followed him?
text: She nods, smiling, but 47 quickly pushes her against the exterior
text: wall of the train, and places his finger to her lips. He turns,
text: his back to the metal. “Waiting.
text: Jenkins, gun first, comes around the train.
text: 47 grabs the guny twisting it up, and places his .45 in the crook
text: at Jenkins’ elbow. Pfffti denkins screams.
dialog: 60.
text: 47, still in motion, yanks Jenkins forward, grabbing him from
text: behind, and wrapping his arm around his neck,.45 to his head. 47
text: turns as we HEAR gravel crunch.
speaker_heading: REAR OF TRAIN
text: Mike crouches toward him, H&K raised, as 47 steps out, Jenkins in
text: front of him. 47’s weapon is now on Mike,
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Drop the weapon.
text: Jenkins, going into shock, is a shield. Mike has no shot.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D) ,
dialog: Now! You've got nowhere to run. Russian
text: Militsiya has the terminal locked-down.
text: Nika steps next to 47. He glances at her, his decision already
dialog: made.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: No!
text: 47 fires before Mike can react. But Nika pushes 47’s arm down.
text: The round hits Mike in the chest, his own shot going wide as he
text: falls, gasping for air.
text: 47 stares at Nika a split second then walks over to Mike, taking
text: the H&K. All Mike can do is try to breathe.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: She just saved your life.
text: 47 bends down to him, thinking, staring into Mike’s eyes.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: You’re the one who’s been tracking me.
dialog: You’re smart. You almost had me. Maybe
dialog: next time.
text: Mike doesn’t understand why 47 doesn’t kill him. But he doesn’t.
text: 47 moves back to the Clown, who stares at him through the train‘’s
text: open door. 47 is not happy.
text: Nika starts to say something, but 47 holds up his finger, pissed.
text: She decides not speaking is an excellent idea.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Take off your coat.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Take off your coat.
text: He turns her_so he can pull off her coat. As she faces the other
text: direction, 47 fires three silenced shots, up the train steps, into
text: the clown’s head.
dialog: 61.
text: Nika turns to look at him as the shell casings BOUNCE and ROLL
text: down to her feet. She looks at them, confused.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's go. Now!
text: She hugs herself, cold in an outfit more skin than dress. Not
text: moving. 47 grabs her by the hand and yanks her along behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED PLATFORM - MORNING
text: Three FSB thugs stand there, looking around with silenced HK UMP’s
text: raised. | 47, essed in the Provodnik uniform, steps out dragging
dialog: e girl.
speaker_heading: FSB THUG #3
dialog: Stop! Your papers...!
text: 47 doesn't run, instead drags the girl directly to them, yelling
text: at her in Russian. Then...
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: She has no ticket.
text: The three Thugs now stare at her. She is hot and not wearing
text: much. They smile at each other, lowering their weapons.
speaker_heading: ; AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
text: She tried to sneak onto a train.
dialog: Freeloader.
speaker_heading: FSB THUG #3
dialog: We'll handle her from here.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Very well.
text: He slings her roughly to them, or’into them actually.
speaker_heading: FSB THUG #3
dialog: Easy --
dialog: -- but we never hear what else he has to say. 47 has the vender's
text: butcher knife in his hand and drives it under the chin of FSB Thu
text: #3. He steps back half a step as his other hand WHIPS out the .4
text: LONG SHOT as 47 fires two silenced shots into the face of each of
text: phe other two, their weapons never even coming back up. The three
dialog: ies fall.
text: ANGLE ON THE GIRL'’s blood splattered face. She screams.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47
dialog: Be quiet.
text: 47 snatches the blade from the falling man before he even hits the
text: ground. He wipes it on the man’s uniform and holsters his weapon.
text: He then takes a silenced UMP, several clips, and wraps them in her
text: coat. He then grabs her hand.
speaker_heading: ; AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Wipe your face.
dialog: 62.
text: Without looking at her, 47 drags Nika to the steps, leading down
dialog: to the metro.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: You killed those Militsiya...
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Those men weren’t cops. They were FSB.
dialog: And for what purpose do you think they
dialog: would need suppressors on their weapons?
text: She thinks about that as he pulls her down the steps.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Wait, the trains are the other way!
scene_heading: EXT. STATION PARKING LOT - LATER
text: Mike sits in the back of an ambulance, in pain. A Russian EMT
text: examines the nasty black bruise that has appeared on his side.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: For God's sake. Yes it hurts.
text: The EMT says something in Russian. Mike doesn’t get it.
speaker_heading: : ORT (0.8)
dialog: He said, your ribs are broken.
text: The EMT nods, raising two fingers. Mike winces as Yuri walks
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT’D)
dialog: Unlucky...
text: Yuri takes out a pack of cigarettes and hands Mike one, lighting
text: it for him. Smoking hurts but doesn't stop him.
dialog: MIKE .
dialog: You seem awfully calm, considering.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: (Smiles, shrugs)
dialog: I have reason to be calm. You on the other
dialog: hand, do not.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Calm? You let him get away.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: On the contrary. We apprehended your
dialog: assassin. After he shot your subordinate.
dialog: And you...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: The clown? You know that isn’t the
dialog: assassin. Why are you covering this up?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: As I told you before, Inspector, this is no
dialog: longer your affair. Now there are two ways
dialog: in which we may proceed.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: One, my men will accompany you to the
dialog: hospital. And when you and your ,
dialog: subordinate are able’ to travel, they will
dialog: escort you to the airport. Then, I will
dialog: write a report extolling Interpol for it’s
dialog: help. There will probably be medals
dialog: involved.
text: Mike starts to say something. But Yuri cuts him off.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT’D)
dialog: Or, I can report your incompetence and
dialog: disregard for my nation’s laws to your |
dialog: superiors. This will undoubtedly find its
text: way to the State Prosecutor in Moscow.
dialog: Five men are dead today because of you.
dialog: Russian men. I believe it is calle
dialog: complicity.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Complicity?1?
speaker_heading: YURI |
dialog: Now, how do you think we should proceed?
text: Mike looks at him.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Go fuck yourself.
text: A moment passes as Mike thinks about it and slowly grins.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You are smiling?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah. Cause the question that you should
dialog: ask yourself is, if the clown was the
dialog: assassin, who is his killer? But more
dialog: importantly, where is he?
text: Mike stands up, looking around at the buildings surrounding them.
text: He smiles again at Yuri, claps him on the back, and walks
text: painfully to where Clarkson waits.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's get out of here.
text: We PULL BACK, CRANING UP.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - PARKING GARAGE - DAY
text: 47 stands at the edge of the roof, looking through the scope of
text: the combat rifle from the hotel.
text: 47'S POV. Far away we see Mike walking away from Yuri.
text: ANGLE ON 47 who places the lens of the Chinese knock-off camera to
text: the scope, pressing the shutter several times.
text: 47 then turns and walks to the Maybach sitting off to one side.
text: Opens the trunk. Nika gets out aS 47 walks to the driver's door.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I’m getting real fucking tired of being in
dialog: that trunk.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - GULF OF FINLAND
text: A Hydrofoil Ferry knifes a fast, angry trench across the blue
dialog: Baltic waters. We PUSH DOWN to...
scene_heading: EXT. HYDROFOIL FERRY - DAY
text: 47 stands on the bow of the hydrofoil, coat whipping in the wind,
text: red tie fluttering. We MOVE into a CU of 47 as he stares outward.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTOR DECK ~- HYDROFOIL FERRY - DAY
text: 47, coffee and a sandwich in hand, magazine under his arm, walks
text: around to the back of the Maybach. From inside someone pounds on
text: the trunk.
text: ANGLE ON THE TRUNK. Opens. Inside is Nika, pissed. She swears
text: non stop in Russian. j@ PULL BACK. 47 smiles.
speaker_heading: NIKA .
dialog: You cocksucker. I was running out of
dialog: oxygen in there.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Don't be dramatic.
text: Looking around, he helps her out.
dialog: . NIKA .
dialog: Dramatic! I've been in there for hours.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I brought you breakfast.
text: He moves to the front as she stands there, cursing in Russian.
scene_heading: INT. MAYBACH ~ DAY
text: 47 sits in the drivers seat flipping through the magazine, as Nika
text: wolfs down the sandwich.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Damn this is good. It probably really
dialog: isn't but I'm’so fucking hungry. I’d thank
dialog: you if I wasn’t so mad at you.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: At least I got rid of the body.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: That's very clever.
text: They sit for a moment.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: We have to talk about something. Look at
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Look at me.
text: She stops eating and does.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Back there, at the train station. You
dialog: almost got me killed. I plan, I calculate,
dialog: then I do not deviate. You are a random
dialog: equation in my calculations. I can’t allow
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: ___NIKA
dialog: (Sincere)
dialog: I‘m sorry.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I’m sure you are.
text: ‘ She now notices the weapon he is holding in his lap. She suddenly
text: becomes very afraid.
speaker_heading: _ NIKA_ | .
dialog: Are you going to kill me? I swear it will -
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: -- Stop talking.
text: He looks down at the gun in his lap. Lifts it.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve thought a lot about it. The entire
dialog: drive. I know I should. Right now.
text: Staring at the gun, she unconsciously braces herself against the
text: door. “Not trying to run. Just waiting.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: Give me a reason not to.
text: She thinks about it. After a moment-~
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I... I don’t have one.
dialog: . (Beat, then)
dialog: I think a lot about death. My death. I
dialog: dream about it. I’ve even tried a couple
dialog: of times.
text: She shows him the scars on her wrists.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: They always found me. Took me to the
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT?) .
dialog: God how I prayed for death when he punished
dialog: me for it. But as it turns out, I don’t
dialog: have the constitution for it. | You’d think
dialog: Killing myself wouldn’t be so hard.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You made your choice to do what you do.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: {Seq smile)
dialog: You really don’t know... I’m not a whore
dialog: by choice. Belicoff owns me.
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Not metaphorically. He owns me. I am
dialog: Mikhail’s property. When I was fourteen
dialog: soldiers came to my village and took me. I
dialog: lost my virginity o six men in the back of
dialog: a transport truck. Then I was sold into
dialog: slavery. Don’t look so surprised. it’s
dialog: common in Eastern Europe. Russian Mafia
dialog: kidnap lots of young girls every year. Or
dialog: they buy them from théir parents for food.
dialog: Gasoline, extt bullet. Don’t you watch CNN?
dialog: Bea
dialog: Anyway three years ago I was sold to
dialog: Belicoff. Would you like to know how much
dialog: he paid for me?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Three hundred dollars. American.
text: He doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: / NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: So if you‘re looking to me for a reason not
dialog: to kill me. I don’t really have one.
text: They stare at each other. Then...
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you? Going to kill me?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: hy? (Beat)
dialog: He doesn’t know.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't want to fuck me and you don’t
dialog: want to kill me. I‘ve never felt so much
dialog: indifference in my entire life.
dialog: why? (Beat)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: @ AGENT 47
dialog: I don’t know...
text: (His tone hardens) .
dialog: But I promise you this. If you ever again
dialog: interfere with me like you did at the train
dialog: station. I will drop you that instant, and
dialog: never think of you again.
dialog: Beat)
dialog: Are we clear?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Yes.
text: He thinks about it. Then holsters the weapon.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Eat your sandwich. I need to get some
dialog: sleep.
text: She takes his hand.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I am truly sorry... Oh my god, your hand
dialog: is so soft. .
text: (She looks at his hand) .
dialog: They're smooth. Your heart-line is gone.
dialog: You don’t even have any fingerprints.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
text: I burn them off. With a slow acting acid.
text: e He takes back his hand. She doesn’t know what to say to that. 47
text: leans the seat back, putting on his shades.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT‘D)
dialog: Wake me in two hours.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: That‘’s not a name, it’s a number.
text: . AGENT 47 .
dialog: I was raised in an orphanage They didn’t
dialog: give us names, just numbers.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Wow, that explains a lot. In a Freudian
dialog: kind of way.
text: She sits there for a minute as he tries to sleep.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Does it hurt. Burning your hands?
dialog: e Yes.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: You know --
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: ~~ Nika.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Quit talking, I need to get some sleep...
dialog: Or you’re going back in the trunk.
text: He's not kidding. But she smiles anyway.
scene_heading: INT. FSB BUILDING — DAY
text: Yuri strides up the wide stairwell. We move with him as he enters
text: a large office.
scene_heading: INT. LARGE OFFICE ~— DAY
text: It is stacked with FSB agents. Too many even for an office this
text: size, Yuri walks to a secretary. He sticks out his hand. The
text: oung woman places a stack of P one memos into it. He smiles at
text: er. WNervously she smiles back. A suited agent moves to him.
speaker_heading: SUITED AGENT
dialog: Pardon me, Chief Agent. Will you be
dialog: returning to Moscow soon?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Today. Why?
speaker_heading: SUITED AGENT
dialog: Colonel Gurnesky would like to know when he
text: may have his office back.
dialog: YURI . . . .
dialog: Tell him when I am through pissing in it.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE OFFICE ~ DAY
text: Yuri rifles through the messages, hanging up his overcoat. Three
text: men sit around the office reading through the boxes of files.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT’D
dialog: Well that was a royal fuck mess.
text: The three agents look at him.
speaker_heading: YURI (coer Dh
dialog: Did you dispose of the soldier's body?
speaker_heading: YURI‘S GUY #1
dialog: Yes. Cremated, sir.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Send a message to his family. Explain that
dialog: with the State’s overwhelming sorrow...
text: Yuri reads a message that stops him, raising an eyebrow.
dialog: 
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: Get me a secure line.
text: One of the men dials the phone on the desk. Yuri sits behind it,
text: lighting a cigar. He turns to the window.
speaker_heading: . YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: Has this office been swept today?
speaker_heading: YURI'S GUY #3
dialog: An hour ago sir.
text: Yuri nods. We PUSH OUT the window --
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: We CRANE DOWN five stories to one of the parked cars.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSIAN CAR (PARKED) - DAY
text: Mike and Clarkson sit in the front. Listening. A receiver sits
text: between them. Over it we HEAR the conversation from above.
speaker_heading: YURI'S GUY #1 (0.8.)
dialog: You have a secure line, sir.
speaker_heading: YURI (0.S.)
dialog: Wait outside.
speaker_heading: | CLARKSON
dialog: I gotta give it to you, Gov’nor, pretty
dialog: light on your feet.
speaker_heading: ; MIKE
dialog: You realize, in America, that means gay.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON .
dialog: However you want to take it, sir.
scene_heading: SWANKY HOTEL SUITE - FLASHBACK
text: Mike looks through 47's case. He pulls out a tiny transmitter. |
text: Stares at it. The FSB agents knock on the door. He puts it in his
dialog: pocket.
scene_heading: ANOTHER HOTEL ROOM ~ CONTINUE FLASH BACK
text: Jenkins looks at the tiny receiver.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Where does he get this stuff?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Can you make it work?
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Probably. Why?
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: AMBULANCE ~ OUTSIDE TRAIN STATION - CONTINUE FLASHBACK
text: Mike claps Yuri on the back and walks painfully away to where
text: Clarkson waits. We PUSH INTO where he clapped him. To an ECU of
text: the TINY TRANSMITTER, stuck to Yuri’s coat.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSIAN CAR (PARKED) ~ DAY
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: It was a pretty stupid idea, actually. If
dialog: we get caught, we'll be making snow-cones
dialog: in Siberia for the next 20 years.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: Yet here we sit.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Well, the damage is already done.
text: They both smile, We HEAR a phone ringing on Yuri’s speakerphone.
text: Mike puts his finger to his lips as it picks up.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (0.8.)
dialog: I am surprised you could figure out how to
dialog: dial the phone.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Perhaps you are confused. This is the
dialog: Senior Chief Agent of the Ministry of
dialog: Intelligence...
speaker_heading: _ MALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I know who it is, Comrade Yuri. All those
dialog: bodies you have buried and yet a single man
dialog: eludes you. Your ineptness is
dialog: disheartening. I am unhappy. This could
dialog: make your family unhappy.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Best you remember your place, young man. I
dialog: was making threats when you were still
dialog: suckling On you mother’s tit. It is
dialog: because of me, and men like me, out of love
dialog: for our country, that you have risen -~
scene_heading: INT. RUSSIAN CAR (PARKED) - DAY
speaker_heading: ongiAhe VOECE (9-8: )
dialog: -- I am gaining momentum in the polls. It
dialog: would be wise to consider your future,
dialog: Comrade Yuri.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: . {Looks at Mike)
dialog: Belicoff?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (0.S.) .
dialog: And please... Leave the speech making to
dialog: me. I'm far better at it.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: That lying son of a bitch... Never trust a
dialog: Russian. Gov’nor, what have we gotten
dialog: ourselves involved in?
speaker_heading: MIKE |
dialog: . (shakes his head)
dialog: Nothing. We can’t use any of this. It’s
dialog: illegal. But it does piss me off.
text: WHIRP, WHIRP! A black mercedes is behind them, blue lights
text: flashing. FSB agents get out of the car.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit... Hide that thing.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIAN CAR (PARKED) - DAY
text: Mike steps out. He looks at the driver who is holding his
text: submachine-gun a little to aggressive for comfort.
speaker_heading: FSB DRIVER
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: We came to see Chief Agent Yuri. What’s
dialog: the problem -—-
speaker_heading: FSB DRIVER
dialog: The Chief Agent is a busy man. He asked,
dialog: you to go directly to the airport. We will
dialog: escort you there immediately.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: What about our luggage?
speaker_heading: FSB DRIVER
dialog: We will ship it to you.
scene_heading: EXT. GROZNYY, CHECHNYA - DAY
text: CU_LON E4. He moves inches away from the face of another Rebel
dialog: soldier.
speaker_heading: E4
dialog: I want you to give Allah a message when you
dialog: see him.
text: The man looks at him, frightened.
speaker_heading: E4 (CONT'D)
dialog: For every one of the school children you
dialog: murder, I will send ten of yours to him.
dialog: Tell him for me.
text: The CAMERA SPINS 90 DEGREES and we PULL BACK. We now see the man
text: is lying on the ground.
dialog: 72.
text: The Rebel’s hands are tied to the bumper of a Russian truck, while
text: his feet are tied to another truck, both facing way from each
text: other, and running. The rebel screams.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VYMPEL
dialog: Sir. A call.
text: E4 stands and motions to the drivers. The trucks grind into gear,
text: slowl rolling forward. The man is lifted horizontally off the
text: round a few feet. He screams as his body is stretched to the
dialog: imit.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: E4 (0.8.)
dialog: Da.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Your boy fucked up. Your elite, highly
dialog: trained soldier was killed.
speaker_heading: E4 (0.8.)
dialog: That's unfortunate.
speaker_heading: YURT
dialog: Yeah, that’s one word for it. He bit out
dialog: his own tongue. I want you to come claim
dialog: the body. Personally. I need to speak to
dialog: you. Today.
scene_heading: EXT. GROZNYY, CHECHNYA -— DAY
text: CLICK. E4 looks at the phone. He pitches it to the other vympel,
text: then nods, walking off. “Both trucks gun forward and the man’s
text: scream suddenly silences.
text: We CRANE UP as he walks away. Dozens of other Chechen rebels are
text: tied up and forced to watch as another one of them is selected for
dialog: ie trucks.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL SHOT - NICE SUBURBAN HOUSE — MORNING
text: We PUSH DOWN to Mike’s house. 2 days later.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NICE SUBURBAN HOUSE - MORNING
text: Mike stands at the island counter eating cereal out of his 4 year-
text: old’s bowl as she colors. The TV is on:
text: ON THE TV, a BBC reporter talks.
scene_heading: BBC REPORTER .
dialog: A political bomb was dropped in Moscow
dialog: today when Russian hard-line candidate
dialog: Mikhail Belicoff accused_his opponent |
dialog: Viadimir Trevestky, the Russian Federations
dialog: incumbent president, of being behind the
dialog: failed attempt on his life several days
dialog: ago. Belicoff has risen dramatically in
dialog: the polls since the attempted
dialog: assassination.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: BBC REPORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: In the last six-months he had softened on
dialog: his leftist Communist views, but since the
dialog: shooting, he has taken his most hard-line
dialog: stance to date. Trevesky denies any
dialog: involvement in the attack.
text: Back on the BBC reporter.
speaker_heading: . BBC REPORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: No official comment from the American State
dialog: Department. But a source inside the White
dialog: House says Belicoff has surprising large
dialog: support on Capital Hill --
text: -- The TV goes black. His wife stands there holding the remote.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hey, I was watching that.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: I don’t like Amber seeing that sort of
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What do the Americans think they are
dialog: fucking doing? Don’t they remember the
dialog: Goddam Cold war? Has the whole world gone
dialog: mad?
text: Their black cat jumps up onto the counter.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Yes. Including my husband, who was
dialog: recently shot. Perhaps you heard?
dialog: (Continuing)
dialog: And Michael, please don't curse in front of
dialog: our 4 year-old. Also if you would like
dialog: breakfast, I'll be happy to make it. Don’t
dialog: eat hers.
dialog: MIKE .
dialog: I know you are angry with me...
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Mike, I'm pregnant. Don’t argue with me.
dialog: I’m sorry that it causes me grief that you
text: were the recipient of an assassin’s bullet.
dialog: I’il work on that.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Baby, I was this close to him. I had him.
text: The cat starts lapping the milk in Mike’s cereal bowl.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: So did you arrest him before he shot you or
dialog: after? “Get the cat off the counter please.
text: Mike picks up the cat.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Get down, Spooky.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: That's midnight, Mike, not Spooky.
text: Spooky’s outside.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I gan't tell them apart, they look exactly
dialog: ike...
text: He stares at the cat in his arm.
speaker_heading: ‘MIKE (CONT'D) . .
dialog: Well, maybe if you spent_more time with
dialog: your family...I suppose I should be pleased
dialog: you can tell our daughters apart. Mike?
text: Mike is still staring at the cat.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Mike?
text: Mike tosses the cat down onto the counter and grabs his keys.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I gotta go.
text: He rushes from the room. He then rushes back in and kisses his
text: wife and his baby then hurries out the door.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D) .
dialog: Sorry, baby, I gotta go to the office.
text: The door SLAMS. His Wife just shakes her head, and reaches down
dialog: to pet the cat.
scene_heading: INT. INTERPOL ~ INSPECTOR’S DIVISION ~ DAY
text: Mike reads through the stacks of newspaper printouts and reports
text: littered around his desk. We HEAR a knock. Mike looks up.
text: Jenkins is standing there.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Jenks. How do you feel?
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: My pride hurts worse than my arm. I almost
dialog: got you killed.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Don’t worry about it, we’1ll get him.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: I heard they are reassigning us.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: There’s talk from upstairs, but... Don’t
dialog: worry about that.
text: JENKINS . .
dialog: Mike, I think they did tried to kill him.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Who?
text: He hands him
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: The Russians. Whoever.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Kill who?
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Our assassin. Check these out...
dialog: autopsy photos.
speaker_heading: JENKINS (CONT'D)
dialog: Those were taken of the dude on the street
dialog: they say he shot. Before those Russian |
dialog: OMON guys raided the hotel. The ballistic
dialog: report Said it was a handgun caliber. But
dialog: look at_this wound channel. my guess is,
text: it’s a 1i2.7mm bullet. That caliber is only
dialog: used in the VSSK Vychlop, anew, |
text: articularly nasty Russian sniper rifle.
dialog: ntegrally silenced and capable of sub-1_
text: MOA at 1000 meters. And Mike, the VSSK is
dialog: only issued to special FSB anti~terrorist
dialog: units working out of Chechnya. How would
dialog: they know he would be there’
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: They set him up.
dialog: Beat
dialog: 2
dialog: Look at agg"? This is every appearance
dialog: Belicoff has made in the last 12 months.
dialog: This is from a speech he made in London on
dialog: May 7. And this is from some shitty
dialog: olitical luncheon he had in Northern
dialog: orgia. What’s that dated?
speaker_heading: JENKINS .
dialog: May 7. How is that possible?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I got the idea from my cats... I think
dialog: Belicoff has a double. Like Saddam Hussein
dialog: had before the invasion. He’s paranoid
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: And you think they hired our boy to kill
dialog: off some unsuspecting double?
dialog: . , MIKE
dialog: To gain political support.
text: They stare at each other a moment, both nodding their heads.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT’D)
text: Explains the arterial spray.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Fuck... You think he had health benefits?
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: EXT. BELGRADE - NIGHT
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: BELGRADE, YUGOSLAVIA
scene_heading: INT. CAFE - NIGHT
text: SMITH JAMISON, CIA, walks inside. He looks around. Seated at a
text: table in the corner, smoking, and facing the door, is Nika. She
text: motions to him. Smith, smiles, makes his way to her.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I‘m looking for my friend.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I have a message from him.
text: Smith looks around for a beat, then smiles.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: After all these years he doesn’t trust me?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I wouldn't know. He sent me in here in
dialog: case it was a trap. Where does that put me
dialog: on his list of friends? Sit.
text: She motions to the chair. He sits, his back to the door, and
text: looks around, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Now what?
text: And like magic her cell phone rings. She holds it out.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: It’s for you.
text: He takes it, clicking it open.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (0.S.) ;
dialog: If you have anyone tailing you, this would
dialog: be a good time to send them away.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I’m untrustworthy, not stupid.
dialog: (beat, smiles) , .
dialog: Of course, there’s always the ossibility
dialog: I'm being followed by someone that doesn’t
dialog: work for us.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP ~ HALF A BLOCK AWAY - SAME TIME
text: 47 is aiming a sniper rifle through the glass storefront. Smith
text: looks like he’s the center of a buils-eye from this vantage.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: That would be your problem. Not mine.
scene_heading: e@ INT. DINER -
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: SAME TIME
text: We CUT BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN THEM.
dialog: e@ He waits for
speaker_heading: SMITH :
dialog: I thought we were friends. I’m not feeling
dialog: a lot of trust, here.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I‘m not in the trusting mood. What is the
dialog: Agency’s position on me?
speaker_heading: SMITH .
dialog: Officially, the Agency never had a position
dialog: on you.
dialog: beat) ;
dialog: But unofficially, I think they're waiting
dialog: to see this thing shakes down, The
dialog: usually like to be on the side of whoever
dialog: wins.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: And Belicoff?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Belicoff sees you as a threat.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: He should. I killed him a week ago.
dialog: 47 to say something else.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I have a proposition for you. Take the
text: envelope from the girl.
text: Smith reaches out and takes the manila envelope from under the
text: girl's hand.
text: He smiles at
text: He opens it and pulls out a picture.
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: Ahh. Udre Belicoff. Mikhail’s psychotic
dialog: younger brother. A real piece of work. No
dialog: regard for human life.
text: Nika, who blows smoke at him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Unlike us. Rumor is the CIA would like him
dialog: to vanish. Why?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Udre's lifestyle requires lots of cash, and
dialog: he's desperate: Russian intel indicates
dialog: he‘s gotten hold of a couple hundred pounds
dialog: of surplus Uranium-235 from Chelyanbisk 70,
dialog: a nuclear storage site in the Ural
dialog: Mountains. Could be a bullshit Udre
dialog: shakedown scam. But the possibility
dialog: exits... It would be nice if he just
dialog: disappeared. But, he’s a complete
text: paranoid. Hard to get to discreetly.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: And there can‘t even be a hint of US
dialog: involvement due to political
dialog: considerations.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Meaning Belicoff. What if I could help you
dialog: make him disappear?
text: Then he gets it. Smiles. Nika looks at him curiously.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Ahh. Well that might be worth something -
dialog: But I don’t see how killing Udre Belicoff
dialog: is going to help you.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You don’t have to. Do we have a deal?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Yeah, I think I can seil this to Virginia.
dialog: What do you want for the trouble?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: My normal rate. And a small favor.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (0.S.)
dialog: Reach under your seat.
text: Smith reaches under his seat and pulls out a large envelope.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Open it.
text: Smith opens it and starts to flip through the pages, his smile
text: quickly fades.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Tell me this isn’t what I think it is.
speaker_heading: _. AGENT 47 (0.S.)
dialog: If you think it’s a detailed account on
dialog: eve: job I’ve ever taken from you, then
dialog: ou’ @ right. Look at the last page.
dialog: hat’s the favor.
text: Smith does. He reads, then looks out the window, trying to see
text: where 47 could be, though he knows that’s impossible.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I don't know if I can do this. Not in your
dialog: time frame.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (Oy }
dialog: Well, I’d try very hard if I were you. I
dialog: expect the last thing you’d want is for me
dialog: to get arrested with that file.
text: Smith thinks about it, then nods.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You know, all this wasn’t necessary. All
dialog: you had to do was ask.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP ~ HALF A BLOCK AWAY ~ SAME TIME
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47
dialog: I am asking. Just in my own way. You can
dialog: keep that copy, I have another. Give the
dialog: girl back the phone. Wait fifteen minutes
text: after she’s gone. 1‘11 be in touch.
speaker_heading: SMITH .
dialog: Hey... I’m happy you’re still alive.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP ~ HALF A BLOCK AWAY - SAME TIME
text: The slightest of smiles creeps across 47's face.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT ~ ISTANBUL ~— DAY
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: ISTANBUL, TURKEY
text: With one foot in Europe and one in Asia, the beautiful city, once
text: Constantinople, is a schizophrenic combination of ancient and
text: modern on the banks of the Bosphorus.
speaker_heading: SMITH (V.0) .
dialog: Okay. There's a German arms dealer meeting
dialog: Udre in two days. Someone he’s never
dialog: met...
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - EARLY MORNING
text: 47 watches as a Turkish boy, far across the terminal, approaches a
text: bank of lockers. He reaches behind the lockers, un-tapes a hidden
text: key, then finds the right locker. He withdraws a long duffle bag.
text: 47 moves to intercept him, takes the bag and hands the boy some
text: cash in exchange for the duffle bag.
speaker_heading: TURKISH BOY
dialog: Thank you sir! There was also this...
text: The boy hands 47 a note. It reads, “BOOM! Just kidding. Happy
dialog: hunting.” It’s signed, “Smith.”
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM MODERN HOTEL - A LITTLE LATER
text: Nika opens her eyes. She is in bed wrapped in the sheets. The
text: balcony doors are open for a high, breathtaking view of the
text: Bosphorus. 47 sits at the desk, studying photographs.
speaker_heading: _. NIKA
dialog: Good morning. Have you slept at all?
text: She reaches for a pack of cigarettes on the night-stand.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Some.
dialog: 80.
dialog: e nx
dialog: . Ir
dialog: You know, you could sleep in the bed.
dialog: won't bite you...
text: She lights the cigarette, then exhales smoke, smiling.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT’D)
dialog: Unless you pay me.
text: He turns to look at her.
speaker_heading: _ NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry. A little whore humor...
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
text: There’s coffee on the table.
text: She slides out of bed, unconcerned with her nakedness. 47 averts
text: his eyes. She pours herself a cup of coffee, smiling.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: For such a badass, you are awfully shy
dialog: around women.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Some of them.
text: She moves out on the balcony. 47 glances at her, standing there,
text: leaning over the balcony.
speaker_heading: e@ NIKA
dialog: God this is beautiful. I read in the guide
dialog: this is the world’s second oldest city.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Perhaps you should...
text: He sees her from behind. Dozens of white scars horizontally criss-
text: cross her ass, all fighting for room.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: It's not polite to stare.
text: frying not to, he returns to his work.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Pretty aren’t they? Souvenirs from
dialog: Belicoff, for trying to kill myself. or
text: forgetting to pick up a towel off the
dialog: bathroom floor. Whatever. Being (RUSSIAN
dialog: word for naughty).
dialog: en
dialog: I thought about having them removed, but
dialog: what was the point.
text: She turns and walks into the bathroom. He doesn’t look up. She
text: calls to him from inside the bathroom.
speaker_heading: NIKA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: e What’s on the agenda for today?
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I have to go out.
text: She sticks her head out, now wrapped in a towel.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Please don't leave me by myself. Let me go
dialog: with you. Please!
text: A geli-phone rings. 47 looks at it. The incoming call number
text: keeps changing. He answers it. She continues to stare at him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: What time?
text: 47 glances up. She's still looking at him. He nods to her,
text: “okay”. She smiles, happy. He closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: (Into phone)
dialog: Hold on.
dialog: _ (Mutes it, then to her)
dialog: One thing. You can’t stay with me much
dialog: longer. I'll give you some money, but
dialog: that’s it. You_can’t be part of my life.
dialog: I'ma killer. I am not your savior.
text: She nods, stepping back into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MODERN HOTEL ~ DAY
text: She leans her back against the wall, her eyes wet.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (0.8.)
dialog: Are we clear?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Teax rolling down her face)
dialog: Yes,
speaker_heading: BACK ON 47
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Get dressed.
dialog: (Un~mutes, then into cell)
dialog: What does he drink?
scene_heading: EXT. NISANTASI SHOPPING DISTRICT - DAY
text: Champs Elysees of Istanbul, packed with the rich and idle. 47 and
text: Nika walk down the street. They pass an upscale restaurant.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: This place looks nice, don’t you think?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47
dialog: Dinner.
text: She smiles at him and nods.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait here.
text: Her smile fades as 47 walks into the nice restaurant. Nika tries
text: to see him inside, through the window. No luck.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE RESTAURANT ~ MINUTES LATER
text: Nika leans against the building, smoking. 47 walks out.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: What‘d you do, eat without me?
text: He looks at her, thinking.
speaker_heading: wnat? NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: at?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: If we're going to eat here, we need to buy
dialog: you a new dress.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Smiles, taking his hand)
dialog: You’re really quite charming when you
dialog: aren’t killing people.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MODERN HOTEL - NIGHT
text: CU ~ NIKA’S EYE, as she puts eyeliner on. We PULL BACK as she
text: finishes. She looks at herself. We can only see her face, but
text: she is beautiful. She looks at her cheek.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: You asked me about my tattoo. Still want
dialog: to know?
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM ~ MODERN HOTEL - NIGHT
text: 47, on the edge of the bed, stares at the photographs.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM ~ MODERN HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Nika puts on the final coat of lipstick in the mirror.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Mikhail's mother was a controlling old
dialog: bitch. He told me, when he was younger, he
text: ot a tattoo on his arm, A dragon. She
text: ad_her men remove it with a belt sander.
dialog: So I 75 one just like it. My own little
dialog: act of defiance. I knew my face was the
dialog: one place he‘d never hurt.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MODERN HOTEL ~ NIGHT
text: 47 doesn’t look up, but this affects him. He hardens.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Well, unfortunately, that really doesn’t
dialog: help me.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: You asked. Well... How do I look?
text: She is standing in the goorway. He looks up at her. We RACK to
text: her. Perhaps the word beautiful doesn’t do her justice. She
text: smiles. He is staring.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You look nice.
text: She walks over to the dresser and lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: NIRA.
dialog: Nice. Nice is an adjective Americans use
dialog: when they can’t figure out what to say.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You look very nice.
text: She smiles again and moves directly in front of him.
speaker_heading: . NIKA
dialog: Do you mind?
text: She lifts her dress up, revealing her thigh highs. The ends of
text: her garter belt dangle down.
text: He stares up at her. Then sighs, leaning down.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: So very good with firearms. Not so good
text: with ladies undergarments.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Do you really think these are necessary?
speaker_heading: NIKA .
dialog: America has robbed women of their
dialog: femininity.
text: After a bit of fumbling, he has the first one done. He lifts her
text: dress to get to the other side.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Careful. I’m not wearing any panties.
text: 47 looks up at her. She grins, exhaling smoke.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. SWANKY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: The restaurant is very elegant, if a little trendy. Nika sits off
text: to the side, enjoying what remains of a world-class dinner. She
text: pours the last of thé Bordeaux into her glass.
text: 47 sits back down. A white-coated Sommelier follows with a wine
dialog: bottle.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I got us another. A Latour ‘91.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: You've barely touched yours.
text: He smiles. The Sommelier uncorks the bottle. A waiter appears,
text: with a glass of Scotch. 47 takes it. Swirls the straw. Does it
dialog: fizz slightly?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Excuse me. I think you have the wrong
dialog: table. I ordered a Bowmore.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: The wrong table?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Yes. This is Johnny Walker Blue. I
dialog: believe it belongs to that gentleman over
dialog: there. Table 26.
text: The Sommelier motions the waiter along. The waiter takes the
text: drink to the German man seated at table 26. He is surrounded by
text: body guards. The German takes the glass, sipping.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: You know what table that is?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I saw the table layout when I made our
dialog: reservation.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: And you remember?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I have an eidetic memory. I remember
dialog: everything I see.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Really..,? Over there. The guy in the
dialog: green suit. What’s he eating
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I’m not sure ~-
speaker_heading: NIRA
dialog: -- See, you lie...
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 ;
dialog: No, I’m not sure if you’re asking about his
text: appetizer of snails or the lobster entree.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Smiles, impressed)
dialog: What about the girl two tables behind you.
dialog: What's she wearing? Don’t cheat,
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
text: There’s no girl at that table. Two men,
dialog: wey and probably on their second date.
text: he younger, who is eating with his left
dialog: hand, has been to the restroom three times
dialog: in the last hour, to keep his coke buzz
dialog: going.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Wow. Impressive...
dialog: (Smiles, taking his hand)
dialog: Okay last one. What color underwear am I
dialog: wearing?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You aren't wearing any underwear.
text: They stare at each other a moment. He gently takes back his hand.
text: She chews slightly on her lip.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: (To a waiter)
dialog: The dessert menu, please.
text: We PAN TO the German man, PRICE, with the Scotch. He is having
text: stomach problems. He holds himself. They intensify. He seems
text: unable to control his bowels.
text: He excuses himself, followed by three thugs, moving to the
text: restroom. We PAN to 47, who stands.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Ask for the check.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I’m not done.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Then hurry.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Scratch what I said about you being
dialog: charming.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SWANKY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: We PAN with 47 as he walks by us and down the hall to the rest-
text: room door, into a LONG SHOT.
text: Two angry iooking men stand guard outside the rest room. We can’t
text: HEAR them, but obviously they don’t want_47 to go in. He seems to
text: explain to them he’s having stomach problems. Finally they frisk
text: him, and not finding any weapons, step aside.
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM — SWANKY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Inside the restroom, another thug stands guard outside a stall.
text: It is obvious by the sound coming from inside the stall that Price
dialog: is having a rough time.
text: 47 looks from the guard to the next stall. An OUT OF ORDER sign
text: is taped to it. 47 shrugs and moves into the stall. We SLOWLY
text: PUSH toward it.
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM STALL ~- NIGHT
text: 47 opens the toilet tank. From inside he removes a Zips lock bag.
text: Inside is a .45, a silencer, and a small, filled, insulin-type
dialog: syringe.
dialog: 86.
text: 47 screws the silencer onto the .45 and stands next to the stall
text: door. And he waits.
text: Finally, we HEAR the toilette flush. 47 uncaps the syringe and
text: holds it in his teeth. The SOUND of the other stall’s lock being
text: unlatched, sends him forward.
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM ~ SWANKY RESTAURANT ~— NIGHT
text: 47 steps out of the stall and POPS the thug in the head with the
text: .45, just as the stall opens.
text: Price looks at the falling guard as 47 SMACKS him, grabs him |
text: around the neck, covering his mouth. With the other hand he jabs
text: the syringe into his neck, plunging it. Price’s eyes roll back,
text: and he goes limp.
text: 47 steps to one side of the door and CALLS OUT, in German, to the
text: thugs outside the restroom.
text: The two thugs move ickly in, guns drawn, but 47 ickly shoots
text: them both ia the back of the head. ’ a
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY ~ SWANKY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: \ 47 tapes the OUT OF ORDER sign on the door, picks up Price and
text: moves the opposite way down the hall.
text: AT THE REAR EXIT
text: A waiter looks at him. 47 puts his hand in his coat.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Too much wine?
text: 47 nods, smiling, as the waiter holds the door for him.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - SWANKY RESTAURANT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Back at the table, Nika waits impatiently, smoking.
text: 47 warks in from the front. She puts her hands up like, “What the
dialog: ack?”
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47
dialog: It’s time to go.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: What. .?
text: He pulls her up from her chair and hands her her coat. He tosses
text: a wad of bills onto the table. She grabs the bottle of wine.
speaker_heading: ' AGENT 47
dialog: Now!
text: She is obviously irritated and a little drunk, but allows him to
text: pull her out to the car, waiting at the curb.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MODERN HOTEL - A LITTLE LATER
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Tossing her coat) .
dialog: Well that was lovely. Right up to the time
dialog: oe. dragged me out of the restaurant by my
dialog: air.
text: 47 sits down on the bed. He thinks about explaining.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT’D)
dialog: Unhook me.
text: She lifts her leg, placing it on the bed, between his knees. He
text: starts to, but she presses her leg into him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Nika... You're drunk.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: And...
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: And this is a very bad idea.
speaker_heading: _ NIKA
dialog: You mean this?
text: She lifts her skirt higher flashing him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Yes, that.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Oh. How bout this?
text: She straddles him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: And that.
text: She leans in, kissing him. He kisses her back. For a moment,
text: they aren‘t a hitman and a whore, they are just a couple. She
text: lifts his hands to her breasts. He’s about to give in, but
text: catches himself.
text: She leans back, smiling at him. And pulls down her dress,
text: exposing her breasts.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: What? Are you afraid of these?
text: She leans down to kiss him again, lifting one of his hands to her
text: nipple. For a moment it seems...
text: 47 swiftly inserts a tiny syringe into her neck. She jerks back.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oww! What the...
text: She can't understand what's happening, then her eyes roll back in
text: her head. She collapses into his arms.
dialog: 
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: EXT. LAVISH HOTEL ~ NIGHT
text: We see this huge hotel sprawling before us on the edge of the
text: Bosphorus. We MOVE AROUND IT and CRANE DOWN to...
text: 47, carrying a briefcase, walking toward the entrance.
scene_heading: INT. LAVISH HOTEL — NIGHT
text: 47 walks up to the front desk. A desk clerk smiles at him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I‘m here to see Mr. Belicoff. He's a
dialog: guest.
text: Nervously she points to a group of Russian Gangster types,
text: lounging by the elevator.
text: 47 moves to the men as they lift themselves from the couches, the
text: bulk of the submachine-guns beneath their coats obvious.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D) ;
dialog: I have an appointment with Mr. Belicoff.
dialog: My name is Price.
text: \ One gangster speaks Russian into his earpiece, then...
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN GANGSTER #1
dialog: Your appointment is tomorrow. Come back
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Yes, well I was attacked tonight. Several
dialog: of my men were killed. Tomorrow I plan to
dialog: be safely back in Luxemburg.
dialog: . furning to leave)
dialog: Give Mr. Belicoff my apologies.
scene_heading: wait! RUSSIAN GANGSTER #1
dialog: ait:
text: The Russian speaks quickly into the mike. A heated exchange
text: follows. Then...
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN GANGSTER #1 (CONT‘D)
dialog: What is Udre’s cat’s name?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: He doesn’t have a cat. He did have a dog,
text: Stalin, a wolfhound, until it bit him. And
dialog: he ate it.
text: Satisfied that this is indeed Price he nods toward the elevator.
text: 47 moves toward it, followed by two guards.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: 47 vides up the elevator. One of the gagsters pulls the stop
text: button. Suddenly they slam him hard into the wall.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: There is no need -—
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN GANGSTER #1
dialog: -- Shut up.
text: They run a security wand over 47, then frisk him. Another points
text: to the briefcase.
scene_heading: RUSSIAN GANGSTER #2
dialog: Open it.
text: 47 keys the lock. The Gangster dumps the contents and bundles of
text: cash fall to the floor. He kicks through it.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN GANGSTER #1
dialog: Pick it up.
scene_heading: INT. TOP FLOOR PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Techno music assaults us as the doors open. Seven or eight Russian
dialog: Gangstex types stand around the room. ut that was to be
dialog: expected. at was not expected are the girls.
text: In the living room, a naked woman hangs limp from the ceiling by
text: chains. She has been whipped unconscious very recently. Probably
text: by the man standing behind her with the whip. He turns, smiles.
text: It is UDRE BELICOFF. (Pronounced: oodray)
text: Udre is well dressed, and quite charming. He's also a psychopath.
speaker_heading: UDRE .
dialog: , (Yelling over the music)
dialog: Mr. Price. Come in.
text: He tosses down the whip and moves to the large coffee table.
text: Actually moves is incorrect, Udre dances to it. Grinding to the
dialog: music.
text: The table is littered with vodka and a huge pile of coke. Udre
text: cuts a huge line and sticks his nose in it.
text: Wiping his face, a_sad, good-looking girl, barely dressed, hands
text: him a vodka. He slams it.
text: 47 is pushed toward him. Udre stands up, grinds a little more,
text: then smiles, walking over to 47, his hand extended.
speaker_heading: | UDRE (CONT'D) .
dialog: So you decided to change our appointment.
dialog: How forward of you.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I was attacked tonight. Common sense
dialog: dictated -- .
text: Udre drops onto the couch.
speaker_heading: UDRE
dialog: Common sense should have dictated you not
dialog: abuse my good nature. Sit...
dialog: 90.
text: Udre, rubs the leg of the girl next to him. His men pull down the
text: girl hanging from the ceiling. They drag her through a door. We
text: can barely make out... Cages? But the door shuts in out face.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I apologize. I have the down payment. Do
dialog: you have the sample?
speaker_heading: UDRE
dialog: What, you don't believe me? He doesn’t
dialog: believe me. So you want proof?
text: He leans forward snorting some more coke. The music builds.
speaker_heading: . UDRE (CONT'D) ;
dialog: Then I will give you proof... Wait! I
dialog: love this. It was remixed by DJ Kaos in
dialog: Liverpool. He sent it to me himself.
text: He stands, dancing to the music.
speaker_heading: UDRE (CONT'D)
dialog: You! , ,
dialog: (He points to another girl)
dialog: Dance with me!
text: “ Another sad girl jumps from another couch and runs to him. He
text: drags her to him grinding.
speaker_heading: UDRE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait for the break. Here it comes.
text: He grinds.
speaker_heading: UDRE (CONT'D)
dialog: There.
text: The music breaks.
speaker_heading: UDRE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dance!
text: He and the girl continue to groove, but then Udre, the sadistic
text: fuck, slaps her to the ground. He looks at 47.
speaker_heading: UDRE (CONT‘D)
dialog: Show me the cash.
text: 47 opens the case. The girl on the floor whimpers. He kicks her.
speaker_heading: UDRE (CONT‘D)
dialog: Do you want a piece?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: No. I want to conduct our business.
speaker_heading: UDRE
dialog: Of course, you don't. Because these
dialog: bitches are used.
dialog: 91.
text: Udre stands, dancing to the music. Behind them another girl
text: screams, being gzagged to the now empty ceiling chains. “She
text: fights as they lock her in.
speaker_heading: UDRE (CONT'D)
dialog: You are my guest, I’11 let you have this
dialog: one first. “She is brand new.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: The Uranium...
text: Udre removes his shirt. He is well built and tatted. He takes
text: the whip. The girl in the chains pleads.
speaker_heading: ; AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: Sir, we have business.
speaker_heading: ; UDRE
dialog: This is my business.
text: CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Udre lashes her savagely with the whip. The
text: girl cries from the pain.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: (Stands, calculating)
dialog: Perhaps I will come back tomorrow.
speaker_heading: UDRE
dialog: (Sweating, he turns)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Then let’s conduct our business in private.
dialog: Yes private! I have an idea.
text: He motions and his men bring the crying girl down, dragging her
dialog: toward the bedroom. y ,
speaker_heading: UDRE (CONT’D
dialog: We will both take turns fucking the girl.
dialog: You_will watch while I fuck her, then I
dialog: will watch while you fuck her. ‘Then, when
dialog: we are done, maybe I will fuck you. Yes?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I don’t think so.
text: Udre holds out his hand. A big and nasty, stainless 500 Magnum
text: Smith & Wesson revolver is tossed to him.
speaker_heading: UDRE
dialog: But I do. It is the least you can do for
dialog: interrupting my party. Move!
dialog: (To his men
dialog: Hurt them, so they will not miss me while
dialog: I'm gone.
text: Udre dances toward the bedroom. 47 glances behind him. Four
text: guards stand there holding automatic weapons.
dialog: 
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The loud music bleeds through the closing door.
text: The girl is tied to the bed, naked, gagged, and very frightened.
text: Udre’ stands there holding the 44.
speaker_heading: UDRE
dialog: Strip. Or I will kill you.
text: Udre cocks the 500 Smith. 47 begins removing his Jacket.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Yes of course.
text: CU - HIDDEN in 47's HAND, is a length of nylon cord.
text: ANGLE ON 47 who turns, holding his hands in front of him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (cont ’D)
dialog: Before we get started, I was hoping you
dialog: help me with your brother.
speaker_heading: UDRE
dialog: (Confused) .
dialog: My brother? How... Did he send you?
dialog: Impossible. Who are youl?!
text: Udre moves toward him holding the gun up. Lightning fast, 47
text: holding the ends of the cord in both hands, whips it around the
dialog: revolver.
text: CU - REVOLVER. The cord is wrapped between the cocked hammer and
dialog: the frame.
text: Udre pulls the fragger but it pst SNAPS, the hammer stopped _b
text: the cord. 47 SMACKS Udre in the throat with his elbow, YANKIN
text: the gun from his hands.
text: 47 strikes again with the elbow, this time to Udre's face. Then
text: 47 wraps the length of cord twice around Udre’s neck, lifting him
text: off the ground.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Make a sound and I’1l snap your neck.
text: The girl's eyes are wide with fear. But not as wide as Udre's.
text: 47, behind Udre, drags him out onto the balcony. Udre digs at the
text: cord, unable to breathe.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - PENTHOUSE BEDROOM ~— NIGHT
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47
dialog: Stop moving. That’s why the proper way is
dialog: to wrap it twice. You’ll just pull it
dialog: tighter.
text: 47 SMACKS Udre’s face into the railing.
speaker_heading: UDRE
dialog: (Gasping)
dialog: Let me go, you cocksucker!
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Okay.
text: 47 hauls Udre over the balcony, hanging him by his neck. Udre
text: grasps backwards at the railing, glancing below. At the Bosphorus
dialog: and certain death.
speaker_heading: ; UDRE
dialog: Wait! What do you want? Money? Women?
text: 47 pulls him up a little. Udre holds desperately to the rail.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: You know, of all the men I‘ve killed, for
dialog: the first time, I'll enjoy it.
speaker_heading: UDRE
dialog: No, wait! Tell me what I can do...
text: 47 takes a tiny device and places it in Udre’s pocket.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47
dialog: Just this...
text: And he pushes Udre from the balcony. We TRACK OVER THE RAIL as
text: Udre falls. And far below, he dies.
text: ANGLE ON 47 as he grabs his coat and walks back to us. Grabbing
text: the rail above he pulls himself up. 47 glances through the glass
text: door, at the tied girl, still staring at him.
text: He shakes it off and continues upward, disappearing. A moment
text: passes. Then 47 drops back onto the balcony.
speaker_heading: , AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: (Sighs, to himself)
dialog: What has that woman done to me?
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM ~ LAVISH PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: 47 steps out of the bedroom, the S&W 500 behind his back. A guard
text: smiles. 47 shoots him in the head. BOOM!
text: 47 moves. The nearest ard tries to bring up his weapon, but 47
text: grabs the fore-stock, while shooting another guard. Then this
text: one, taking the subgun. Mayhem ensues, as the guards scramble for
dialog: thelr weapons.
text: 47 is a pro. The others are in full panic mode, most never ina
dialog: fire fight. The whole thing is kinda one-sided. The last man
text: runs for the door, but 47 goes over the couch and catches him.
text: Several seconds, ten dead bodies. 47 moves to the cages, opening
text: them. He hears screaming, turns. Sad Girl begins savagely,
text: beating one of the dead guards. 47 moves to her and lifts her up.
text: She hugs him crying.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: 47 stands in the middle of the dozen gizis, holding one up. He
text: opens the briefcase full of cash, nodding to it.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Take the money. Go home.
text: The girls do, grateful. Sad Girl kisses him on the cheek. Fourth
text: floor, the elevator stops. DING. Opens. A Middle-age tourist
text: couple looks at the scene in the elevator, which must be quite a
text: sight. 47 stares at them.
scene_heading: TOURIST HUSBAND
dialog: We'll... We'll wait.
text: 47 nods as the doors shut. They descend.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET ~ MUCH LATER
text: A rental Mercedes drives slowly down the street, next to the sea.
text: It stops.
text: The door opens and 47 steps out, looking around. He has a locator
text: in his hand, PINGING. He moves to the water, and the PINGING
text: grows louder. A body floats there.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIAN CONSULATE - EARLY MORNING
text: “ ‘The Mercedes slows in front of the embassy. A door opens, closes,
text: then che gar speeds off. We PUSH toward the shape in the middle
dialog: 9 e road.
text: After a moment, Russian soldiers run to it. One of the soldiers
text: turns it over. It is Udre’s Corpse.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM ~ SUNRISE
text: Nika’s eyes open. She lifts the covers and sees that she is
text: undressed. 47 is next to her on the bed, but not under the
text: covers, and still wearing his suit. She grins, shaking her head.
text: And then she begins to scream.
text: 47 wakes up instantly, lifting the .45 and glancing around. He
text: slowly puts his hand over her mouth.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Shhh.
text: She points. We PAN with her hand, It is the real Price, from the
text: restaurant, very dead, lying on the sofa.
speaker_heading: _ NIKA
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: There’s a dead man in our room!
speaker_heading: __AGENT 47
dialog: I know. I killed him. Come on. Get
dialog: dressed. We have to go.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON - DAY
text: A pre-war building sits comfortably next to the Thames.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: LONDON, GREAT BRITAIN
scene_heading: INT. INTERPOL ~ INSPECTOR’S DIVISION - DAY
text: Clarkson hands Mike a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Sir, 3 hours ago, Belicoff's brother Udre
dialog: was found dead outside the Russian
dialog: consulate in Istanbul.
text: Mike stares at him, thinking, accidentally spilling his coffee.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: It's him...
text: Mike moves quickly to a huge map on the wall.
speaker_heading: JENKINS ;
dialog: The Russians are saying it was a drug-
dialog: induced suicide. Sir, the consulate is
dialog: eight miles from his hotel. That's a hell
dialog: ofa bounce.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: He's trying to lure Belicoff out. Udre,
dialog: dammit, I should have thought of that!
dialog: He's going to Moscow.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He‘ll rent a car out of Istanbul.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: I thought he preferred trains.
text: Tracing a route with his finger.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: He does, but it’s too risky to catch one in
dialog: Istanbul. He‘ll backtrack West. Bulgarian
dialog: border’s easy to cross. He’ll pick up a
dialog: train there and go North through Romania.
text: Mike looks at his watch, calculating. He turns.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT’D)
dialog: I need the train schedules for Northern
dialog: Bulgaria. All of the stations.
dialog: (guick beat) |
dialog: And get General Vladimir Kormarov on the
dialog: phone. He’s a high ranking member of the
dialog: opposition party in Moscow and has no love
dialog: for Belicoff. “mon!
scene_heading: EXT. OLD WORLD ROAD - DAY
text: A tiny Smart Car speeds down the road winding through the
text: countryside as fast as its little engine will push it.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: NORTHERN BULGARIA
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. SMART CAR - DAY
text: 47 drives the tiny rental car. Nika reads through the printouts
text: stuffed into a magazine.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: It says here the closest passenger train
dialog: station is 200 kilometers to thé South...
dialog: (Beat) . .
dialog: That's the other direction.
dialog: {She looks at him)
dialog: You’re not listening.
speaker_heading: _ AGENT 47
dialog: I am listening, but I already read those.
text: She sighs, and flips through a magazine.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Why do you buy these magazines? These
dialog: writers are full of shit...
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: For the advertisements.
text: . She stops on an add for a very nice watch. She looks over,
text: realizing 47 is wearing the same watch.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: You know, buying expensive stuff won’t make
dialog: you whole.
text: He turns and stares at her. Then back at the road. She continues
text: to flip through the magazine.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey...! If you really want to buy
dialog: something lasting with your money, you
dialog: should buy this.
text: She holds out the magazine. It is a real estate broker's ad for a
dialog: 6 million Euro winery in the South of France.
text: She continues to hold it out. He turns and looks at it, returning
text: his gaze to the road.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47
dialog: Very nice.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Nice? It‘s beautiful. When I was a little
dialog: girl, my father raised grapes. Little
dialog: pathetic things. I told him one day I'd
dialog: own a vineyard and he could work with me.
dialog: It was a silly dream.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: But dreams are all little girls have...
dialog: (smiles thinking)
dialog: So here’s the pian. You buy this vineyard
dialog: and retire. Together we raise grapes, make
dialog: wine and have lots of children.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: @ AGENT 47
dialog: Lots?
speaker_heading: NIKA . ,
dialog: At least a dozen. And we'll live happily
dialog: ever after.
text: He doesn’t say anything. Irritated, she tosses the magazine into
text: the floorboard.
speaker_heading: NIKA (ene)
dialog: Yes, I know, there is no happily ever after
dialog: for us. Hitmen and whores don’t get that.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Nika...
speaker_heading: NIKA_
dialog: (More irritated) .
dialog: How do you even know we’re on the right
dialog: road?
text: And as they crest a rise, before them, is a freight sub-station.
text: She glares at him.
speaker_heading: NIKA (CONT'D)
dialog: (More irritated)
dialog: I need to pee.
scene_heading: e INT. INTERPOL - INSPECTOR’S DIVISION -— DAY
text: Mike sits on his desk, on the phone. Jenkins, across the room, is
dialog: on his as well.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yes I understand General Kormarov is_a_busy
dialog: man. He and I spoke earlier... Hello?
dialog: Dammit!
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: (Covering his phone)
dialog: Mike. Our sourcés in Romania are telling
dialog: me that Moscow just requested ermission
dialog: for a terrorist extraction within their
dialog: borders. A military extraction. So far
dialog: they are refusing. But the request came
dialog: from the FSB, specifically from the Office
dialog: of Chief Agent Yuri Marklov.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Fuck! They’ve found him? Goddamit, Yuri
dialog: must have Someone inside General Kormarov’s
dialog: office. Call Heathrow...
speaker_heading: . CLARKSON
dialog: On it, Govinor.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL SHOT - MOLDOVA COUNTRYSIDE ~ DAY
text: A bell jet ranger flies low over fields of sunflowers.
scene_heading: @ SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: EDINET REGION, MOLDOVA
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: e@ INT. BELL JET RANGER (MOVING) - DAY
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (To the pilot
dialog: Why are we going down?
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: We have no authorization to fly into
text: Ukraine airspace. A car and a diplomatic
dialog: envoy are waiting for you, sir.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What‘s the ETA on our H.R.T. Team?
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: They were flagged crossing the Russian
dialog: border. Could be hours.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: This’1l be way over by then...
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD ~- MOMENTS LATER
text: Mike and his men move from the chopper, blades still turning, toa
text: Mercedes G-wagon. A BUREAUCRAT stands by the truck. He puts out
text: is hand.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BUREAUCRAT
dialog: Inspector, very glad to meet you. The
text: Ukraine extends a warm welcome to Interpol.
dialog: e@ As you know we have applied for EU status --
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: ~-- Tell me in the car!
text: Mike jumps in the drivers seat, Clarkson next to him. The G-Wagon
text: hauls ass away.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN (MOVING) -— DAY
text: We TRACK DOWN toward the train.
text: CU - WINDOW. 47 stares out at the countryside from the first
text: class compartment. Nika is asleep on his shoulder, He reaches
text: over and moves a strand of hair out of her face. He turns back to
dialog: the window.
text: We CRANE BACK to an AERIAL shot as the train speeds through
dialog: Eastern Europe.
scene_heading: EXT. UKRAINE BORDER - DAY
text: The G-wagon is stopped at the border check point. Three soldiers
text: stand at the car. ike holds out_his badge. Jenkins is talking
text: on a cell. A guard taps on the glass.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: We are with Interpol.
text: e The guard looks suspiciously at him. The Ukrainian Bureaucrat
text: hands Mike an official looking document. Mike hands it to the
text: guard, who pulls out his radio.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Sir, the train has just crossed the border
dialog: into the Ukraine.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: C'mon, mate. Hurry.
text: The Guard glances at him, then returns to the radio, reading the
text: document into it. And the air is suddenly RIPPED by the sound of
text: rotors. They all look as we TILT UP.
text: Three Soviet helicopters tear across the sky just overhead.
speaker_heading: shit MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: 1te
text: He jams the G-wagon into reverse. Backing up.
speaker_heading: BUREAUCRAT
dialog: Wait! What are you doing!?!
text: Mike shifts into drive and HAULS ASS through the check point,
text: SMASHING through the wooden crossing arm. The border guards
text: SCREAM at him and run to their cars.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST CLASS CABIN —- TRAIN (MOVING) ~ DAY
scene_heading: INSERT TITLE CARD: NORTHERN ROMANIA NEAR THE UKRAINE BORDER
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS CABIN - TRAIN (MOVING) -— DAY
text: 47 looks down at her. He gently runs his fingers down her face.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Nika...
text: She smiles. The opens her eyes.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (cont ’D)
dialog: Nika... You and I have to split up.
text: She looks up at him for a beat, sad. She slowly nods, tears
text: running down her cheeks.
speaker_heading: NIKA ;
dialog: So much for happy endings... It was a nice
dialog: fantasy.
speaker_heading: (AGENT 47
dialog: I’m not leaving you. Things are about to
dialog: get bloo I’ know how to’end this... But
dialog: dy.
dialog: T don’t think clearly when you’re around.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: (Quietly, urgently)
dialog: You don’t have to do this. We could forget
dialog: about Mischa. Just forget him. we
dialog: could be together. Why does it matter now?
speaker_heading: _, AGENT 47
dialog: Because, Nika... Belicoff needs to die...
dialog: For what he did... To you.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I don’t care about that. Not anymore.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: But, I do.
text: She looks up at him. He turns his face from the window. She
text: moves up to him, kissing him. Things begin to heat up when...
text: suddenly he sits up.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ; AGENT 47
dialog: Helicopters.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - SKY
text: The Russian military helicopters drop into frame. SWAT types hang
text: off the sides, as the birds descend on the moving train.
scene_heading: INT. G-WAGON ~ DAY
text: . Mike speeds along. In the distance the sirens of the Ukrainian
text: y politia can be heard, while the Bureaucrat speaks furiously into
dialog: . his cell.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: There, Gov'nor!
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD — DAY
text: The G-Wagon flies across the road, which runs parallel to the
text: train tracks. In the distance, the train moves East.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS CABIN ~ TRAIN (MOVING) -— DAY
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: That Interpol Detective knows me better
dialog: than I had thought...
text: 47 writes on a small piece of paper.
speaker_heading: a ACENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a secure e-mail server. Contact me
dialog: in one week.
text: She nods, tears flowing down her face. He hands her a duffle bag.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (eonr’D
dialog: Take this money. One week. nderstand?
dialog: I’ll find you. Go to the rear of the train
dialog: and get off as soon as it stops. Move with
dialog: the crowd. And stay out of Russia.
text: She hugs him, holding tightly. He kisses her on the forehead,
text: then pushes her toward the door.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: Go! And stay down!
dialog: 
dialog: iol.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: What I do.
text: And he closes the door on her. He turns, opening up the suitcase
text: and pulling out weapons.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN (MOVING) - ROOF ~— DAY
text: The helicopters hover above the moving train, ropes dangling from
text: them. Russian SWAT begin fast-roping from the helicopters. | At
text: least a dozen men, wearing body armor and armed with automatic
dialog: weapons.
scene_heading: EXT. G-WAGON (MOVING) - DAY
text: The truck rockets along, catching up to the speeding train.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - FIRST CLASS CABINS ~ TRAIN -— DAY
text: 47 has his .45 to the head of a Provodnik. The conductor holds
text: out a ring of keys.
text: \ 47 takes them, lowering the weapons as the Provodnik runs off
text: through the train. 47° looks out the window.
text: Outside, we see the shadows of the helicopters on the ground. We
text: then see something else. The G-Wagon, F HING its lights,
text: hauling ass next to the train.
text: 47 looks a moment, then turns, walking off through the car. We
text: can now see he is carrying the H&K UMP, with the SWAT assault
text: rifle slung across his back.
text: He moves through the car, locking the doors into the First Class
dialog: Cabins.
scene_heading: INT. G-WAGON (MOVING) - DAY
text: Mike looks at the speedometer. They are going close to 60.
speaker_heading: BUREAUCRAT
dialog: Look out!
text: Mike swerves around the slow moving car in front of him, and WHIPS
text: back in, inches from getting clipped by a car going the other way.
text: This road is fairly busy.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Jenks, get Kormarov on the phone!
text: JENKINS . .
dialog: I'm trying, he’s in a cabinet meeting!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Get him out!
text: Clarkson points. Mike follows his finger. Russian SWAT teams
text: scramble across the roof of the train.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: ; MIKE (CONT‘D)
dialog: shit!
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF TRAIN (MOVING) - DAY
text: The TEAM LEADER is motioning directions to his men, who ready
text: their weapons. Then, WHAM! A bullet tears through his neck, he
text: rolls off the train. The men look around.
speaker_heading: UP THE TRAIN
text: 47 stands on the rail of a platform between two cars, staring
text: through the scope of the assault rifle. BLAM, BLAM! Two more
text: SWAT guys go down.
text: qhe Swat team scrambles for cover, trying to move down, into the
dialog: vain.
text: BLAM! Another goes down. A Russian returns fire, but takes a
text: round in the face. BLAM!
text: A final Russian jumps, dropping down between the cars. BLAM! He
text: twists, falling on the steel platform. WE TILT DOWN. He’s dead.
text: The SWAT guys yell into their throat mikes, and move quickly
text: through the train door.
speaker_heading: BACK UP TOP
text: ANGLE ON 47, as a round pierces the roof, next to him. The last
text: helicopter moves toward the front, a sniper hanging from it. 47
text: picky turns, tracking the helo with the assault rifle. BAM!
text: @ sniper jerks, hanging limp from his harness.
text: 47 drops back below as another 7 SWAT members rope down at the
text: front of the train.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN (MOVING) ~ DAY
text: The eight remaining members of the first two teams move through
text: the passenger cars, as Russians cower in their seats with visions
dialog: of the old Soviet Union.
text: We TRACK THROUGH the train, TO THE FRONT
text: Where the 7 members of the 3rd team move toward the center.
speaker_heading: TEAM 3 LEADER
dialog: {into radio, in Russian)
text: Press the target toward us.
text: We TRACK BACK toward THE REAR.
text: 47 looks out the window. The G- Wagon has lost some ground. It
text: is several cars back. 47 glances left.
text: A_little boy, about 8, stares at him, then the weapon in his hand.
text: 47 looks at the boy, who is not afraid. The boy makes a gun with
text: his fingers and points.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Pow.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 103.
text: He grins. 47 smiles, and winks at the boy. The hysterical mother
text: grabs her boy, pulling him down. 47 moves off through the train.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS CABINS - TRAIN (MOVING) - DAY
text: Teams 1 and 2 work their way to us, into the First Class hallway.
text: One of the men pushes on a door. It is locked. He looks through
text: the window. Nothing. They move toward the middle of the cabins.
text: Suddenly, 47 leans out from one of the cabins directly in front of
text: them, low, and opens fire up through them.
text: Rounds tear through the SWAT teams. They return fire and try to
text: take cover in the cabins. But they are of course, locked. Men
text: drop. It is a killing box.
speaker_heading: TEAM LEADER #2
dialog: Move back! We need support!
speaker_heading: FRONT OF TRAIN
text: Team 3 runs through the train toward the other teams.
text: BACK ON 47. Who crosses the hall into another cabin. Two SWAT
text: men remain. They crouch, moving slowly.
scene_heading: SWAT GUY .
dialog: We are taking heavy casualties. Need
dialog: support immediately --
text: ~- Something comes at them. They fire. Too late, they see a
text: teddy bear, obliterated by their automatic fire. 47 leans out and
text: shoots them both.
text: 47 HEARS three more running toward him. He quickly moves toward
text: the rear, glancing out the window.
scene_heading: INT. G-WAGON (MOVING) - DAY
speaker_heading: ; __ JENKINS
text: Sir, gunships are in route.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Dammit! What about Kormarov?
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: We have company, Gov’nor.
text: Behind them, six or seven Politia Cars are fast approaching. Mike
text: hits the accelerator.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN (MOVING) ~ DAY
text: 47 runs through the train, eyes scanning out the window. Rounds
text: tear past him. He runs out, between the cars, going up.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN (MOVING) - ROOF — DAY
text: 47 runs across the top of the train, staring at the G Wagon.
text: Behind him, Team 3 is following him up.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: INT. G WAGON (MOVING) - DAY
text: Right next to them 47 is running across the train, looking
text: directly at them.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What the fuck is he doing?
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN (MOVING) ~ ROOF — DAY
text: 47 slings the automatic weapon, running toward the edge. And
dialog: jumps.
scene_heading: INT. G-WAGON (MOVING) - DAY
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Fuck!
text: CRASH! ‘The front window shatters, and Mike hits the brakes,
text: unable to see.
scene_heading: EXT. G-WAGON (MOVING) - DAY
text: 47 is on top of the car, holding on for his life. We PULL BACK as
text: Mike skids.
text: An approaching car swerves around the careening G-— anagon and SLAMS
text: into a police car, head on. Another hits it. “WHAM!
text: The G Wagon screeches to a stop, in the middle of the road.
text: Oncoming cars swerve, sliding.
text: 47 is off the car. In pain but alive. He raises the automatic
text: weapon at the G Wagon’s occupants.
scene_heading: INT. G-WAGON (STOPPED) ~ DAY
text: Clarkson starts to go for his weapon.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Don’t!
scene_heading: EXT. G-WAGON (STOPPED) ~ DAY
text: We see Mike put his hand on Clarkson. We PULL BACK to 47, who
text: stares at them over the assault rifle. He lowers it, firing full-
text: auto into the tires and undercarriage.
scene_heading: INT. G-WAGON (STOPPED) ~— DAY
text: They duck as the bullets tear through the tires.
text: Mike looks up. Down the road, 47 is pulling a middle-aged
text: seorgien out of his stopped BMW 7 series. Mike jumps out of the
text: truc gun in hand, going after 47.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: What the hell, G --
dialog: 
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You never would have made it. He'd have
dialog: killed us.
scene_heading: INT. BMW (MOVING) - DAY
text: 47 SLAMS the accelerator. In the rearview mirror he sees more
text: Politia Cars fast approaching. Ahead is a tunnel. He shifts,
text: speeding quickly into the triple digits.
scene_heading: EXT. OTHER SIDE OF TUNNEL ~ DAY
text: The BMW exits the tunnel, hauling ass away y the road meandering
text: around a drop to the river below. Down the road it hits the |
text: breaks. Approaching from the other direction are more Politia
text: Cars. 47 power-slides the car around, heading back.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -— DAY
text: Mike looks at the mess.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: Look.
text: He glances up. Two Soviet fast attack gunships approach, missiles
text: bristling.
scene_heading: INT. BMW ~- DAY
text: 47 exits the tunnel again, looking up. He sees the gunships. He
text: SLAMS the brakes, SPINS the car again.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: The BMW hauls ass back into the tunnel, directly at the
text: approaching police.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL — DAY
text: 47 hauls ass at the approaching Politia Cars.
scene_heading: INT. BMW (MOVING) - DAY
text: 47 shifts, then pulls on his seat belt.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL ~ DAY
text: The BMW swerves around the first car, careens off the second, but
text: 38, SLAMMED by the third, which SPINS. Another Politia Car SMACKS
scene_heading: INT. BMW (MOVING) - DAY
text: 47 regains control and shifts down. He ZIPS through the opening.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: Gun ships fast approaching over head, 47 exits the tunnel. At 100
text: m.p.h., he hits e guard rail, tearing through it.
dialog: 106.
text: We FULL BACK as the BMW falls 60 feet toward the fast moving river
dialog: elow.
scene_heading: INT. BMW (MOVING) - DAY
text: 47 lifts his hands off the wheel as the car SLAMS into the river.
text: WHAM! The airbag deploys.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Mike runs toward the guard rail, as the car, upside down, slowly
text: bobs under the water, caught in the current.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - LATER
text: The place is in chaos. Mike yells orders.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: We need divers. Hurry.
text: Clarkson touches his shoulder. Mike turns. A helo has touched
text: down. And our old buddy Yuri moves from it. He is followed by a
text: man carrying a silenced assault rifle. A man wearing a
text: camouflaged mask. E4.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What are you doing here?.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: zZ have authorization to observe.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Observe! Once again you helped the
dialog: assassin escape!
speaker_heading: ee MIKE
dialog: This is a fucking mess!
text: E4 surveys the mess. He looks at Yuri.
speaker_heading: E4
dialog: Your men need better training.
text: He turns, walking back to the chopper.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What do you advise?
speaker_heading: BA
dialog: Net the river upstream. That’s the way I'd
dialog: go.
text: He continues away. Yuri is furious.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: This is the last time you interfere! At
dialog: least this time the assassin did not get
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I thought you got him last time?
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Do not trifle with me. One call, the
dialog: Ukrainians will have you ina cell. TI
dialog: doubt you'll see your wife by next
dialog: Christmas.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Sir. Phone.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: . {into cell)
dialog: Mike Whittier, Interpol.
dialog: _ (Beat)
dialog: Yes sir.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: No sir I can’t tell you that. It was sent
dialog: to me anonymously. jut Chief Agent Marklov
dialog: is right here.
text: Mike holds out the phone.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's for you.
scene_heading: INT. CABINET OFFICE ~ SAME TIME
text: \ We CUT BACK and FORTH between the two men.
speaker_heading: GENERAL KORMAROV
dialog: I’ve heard some grave accusations about
dialog: your loyalties, Chief Inspector.
speaker_heading: | . YURI
dialog: Fabrications, General, I assure you.
speaker_heading: GENERAL KORMAROV
dialog: Of course. Although I received a tape this
dialog: morning. Let me play it for you.
text: He pushes play on the tape recorder. We HEAR the conversation
dialog: Yuri had with Belicoff.
speaker_heading: ; GENERAL KORMAROV (CONT‘D
dialog: I might be mistaken, but it sounds like zou
text: are engaged in political maneuvering wit.
dialog: an opponent of this current administration.
dialog: Were that true, the result for you would
dialog: be... Unfortunate. You must return to
dialog: Moscow immediately.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: General, first you have no evidence that is
dialog: me. And I don’t know where you got that
dialog: tape but it is irrelevant. Because,
dialog: secondly, you have no authority over the
dialog: FSB. Nor in truth, does the President.
text: Yuri hangs up the cell, then tosses it into the river. He stares
text: at Mike who walks back toward the train.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: What do you think the chances are that our
dialog: boy is at the bottom of that river?
text: Mike looks at him. Zero.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: He's going to take Belicoff at his
dialog: brother‘s funeral. Get us a chopper to
dialog: Moscow.
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - MOSCOW
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: MOSCOW, RUSSIA
scene_heading: EXT. CATHEDRAL OF CHRIST THE SAVIOUR - DAY
text: WE MOVE DOWN toward the beautiful, newly finished cathedral which
text: sits on the Moscova river in the center of the gity ,The largest
text: church in Europe, it rises over 100 meters and is lominated by a
text: gigantic gold dome.
text: We CONTINUE DOWN. CLOSER we see a half-dozen news trucks, sat
text: dishes raised, ready to transmit the funeral, or more importantly
text: Belicoff’s speech to the world in real time.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL OF CHRIST THE SAVIOUR - DAY
text: The place is standing room only with Belicoff supporters, fighting
text: for a glimpse. Soldiers in gas masks and body armor are
text: positioned in every conceivable place.
text: In front of the pulpit, a platoon of camera reporters are ready to
text: gapture eve angle of Belicoff’s eulogy. This scene is the very
dialog: definition of media circus.
text: WE CRANE OVER up to the top most balcony, more decorative than
text: functional. #4 kneels at the rail. His VSSK Vychlop 12.7mm
text: silenced sniper rifle scans the cathedral.
speaker_heading: E4
text: In position. No sign of the target.
text: We continue DOWN toward the back of the cathedral, Mike stands
text: next to General Kormarov and is not happy. Behind Mike, waiting
text: for orders, is a squad of Interpol HRT guys, dressed in blue SWAT
text: uniforms and holding automatic weapons.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I understand general. But yeu don't know
dialog: this assassin. I've spent the last 3 years
text: learning how he thinks. He will be here.
scene_heading: GENERAL KORMAROV .
dialog: Yes. I understand your concern with this
dialog: elusive assassin. My anxiety, however, is
dialog: much more direct ~-
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: -~- General.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: GENERAL KORMAROV
dialog: Please. I am not diminishing your
dialog: commitment. Your service to the EU is
dialog: exemplary. But.., There are almost 400
dialog: Russian soldiers in this cathedral.
dialog: Spesnatz, Alfa, Moscow OMON --
text: An aide walks up to the General, who holds up a finger.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: ~-, General, everything he has done leads
dialog: right here. I’m convinced he killed Udre
dialog: Belicoff to put this in motion. He has to
dialog: take Belicoff here. It must be public. I
dialog: know I sound paranoid... But they can’t
dialog: cover this up. It'll be on every
text: television from Los Angeles to Kaliningrad.
speaker_heading: GENERAL KORMAROV
dialog: (Smiles)
dialog: I am Russian, Inspector, not American. In
dialog: this gountry we find paranoia to be a
dialog: virtue. But please, trust us to handle
dialog: this. It would be foolish to attempt any
text: type of violence in this arena. A man as
dialog: highly trained as your assassin would
dialog: realize this. Now if you’1l1 excuse me.
text: He walks off with the aide. Jenkins and Clarkson move to him.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: He doesn't believe a word I say.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: If things do go wrong, all these jacked ul!
dialog: soldiers, this is going to be a blood bath.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Oh no. Anything happens, they plan on
dialog: gassing everyone.
text: Jenkins and Clarkson stare at Mike.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Well, you got to admire Russian efficiency.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: _ (To himself) |
dialog: He’s right, it'd be suicide for our boy to
dialog: try to take Belicoff here...
speaker_heading: / JENKINS
dialog: Sir...
text: Mike thinks about it. Knowing he's missing something.
text: Thunderous applause drowns Mike out as Belicoff strides to the
text: polpit On his way, the Orthodox Catholic Arch Bishop stands and
text: ugs him. More applause.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: . CLARKSON
dialog: This is a political rally, and not a
dialog: funeral, correct? Tossers...
text: Mike looks at him, nods, then turns his attention to Belicoff as
text: the bright lights hit him.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF .
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen. I’d like to start by
dialog: Ghanking you for your sympathy and prayers.
dialog: We are deeply grateful. And i in
dialog: particular am moved.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Something‘s not right.
dialog: Tuooks around)
dialog: Where the fuck is Yuri?
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT, LAVISH APARTMENT HOUSE ~ EARLIER THAT MORNING
text: An entire caravan of limousines drives out_of an underground
text: parking structure. They are flanked by Militsiya cars and several
text: armored personnel carriers. We MOVE IN.
text: Through the window we see Belicoff and his wife being driven to
text: the Cathedral. He looks up as two helicopters fly in over him,
text: providing air support. Belicoff smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. YURI’S HOME — SAME TIME
text: Yuri walks from his home to the waiting limousine. Several guards
text: move with him as he gets in the back.
text: Behind him, an armored suburban follows.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MORNING
text: Yuri’s limousine stops at a stop light. Cars whiz past.
scene_heading: INT. YURI'S LIMOUSINE ~ MORNING
text: A bodyguard pours Yuri a vodka. Yuri keys his radio.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What is your status?
speaker_heading: E4 (0.8.)
dialog: Over the radio}
text: In position. No sign of the target.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Keep vigilant. The fool will be there.
text: Suddenly the car shoots forward into the approaching cars, despite
text: the red light. It swings left, violently into the traffic.
text: Yuri’s vodka splashes.
dialog: ili.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: ( ooking around)
dialog: You are going the wrong way!
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION - MORNING
text: Suddenly, the suburban, waiting to follow, EXPLODES.
scene_heading: INT. YURI‘S LIMOUSINE - MORNING
text: The limo pulls quickly away from the burning wreckage.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: We are under...
text: The driver grops the RF detonator and yanks his silenced,
text: stainless .45 from his coat. It’s 47. He turns, shooting the |
text: three guards in the limo. Blood splatters Yuri. 47 looks at him.
speaker_heading: YURI (CONT'D)
dialog: ».-Attack.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 :
dialog: Touch your weapon I‘ll shoot you in the
dialog: stomach. Understand?
scene_heading: INT. YURI’S LIMOUSINE — PARKING LOT - MORNING
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Put out your hands.
text: Yuri does. 47 cable ties them. He retrieves the weapons and
dialog: Yuri‘s radio.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: What do you want from me?
speaker_heading: __ AGENT 47
dialog: You’re going to help me.
text: 47 pulls out a small syringe. He depresses it, squirting out 3/4
text: of it into the air. He hands it to Yuri.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: Put that in your arm.
speaker_heading: YURI ;
dialog: You are out of your mind.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 .
dialog: Either that goes in, or something a good
dialog: deal more permanent.
text: 47 moves the tip of the barrel, lower. Yuri injects himself.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT’D)
dialog: Sit back, we‘ll be there in a moment.
scene_heading: WE CUT BACK TO:
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL OF CHRIST THE SAVIOUR — PRESENT
text: Mike stands at the back, still trying to figure that one piece
text: he’s not seeing.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY GUY (0.5.)
dialog: {in Russian) .
dialog: Delivery for Inspector Michael Whittier?
text: Mike looks at him. He is holding a huge bouquet of flowers.
text: We PUSH PAST him to Belicoff, who stands at the pulpit. Behind
text: him, a giant diamond-vision screen has been erected. It flares to
text: life as Belicoff looks seriously at the audience.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF .
dialog: Before we begin. I would like to say a few
dialog: things about Udre. As much as I lament the
dialog: loss of my brother...
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - MOSCOW SUBURB - SAME TIME
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: SEREBRYANY BOR, MOSCOW
dialog: The most expensive and exclusive area in Moscow. More country
text: estates than cottages. Quaint, but sell for millions.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ESTATE ~ DAY
text: We PAN left, to a lovely, if a little large, cottage. A Fed Ex
text: truck sits near the end of the upscale street.
text: We CRANE UP. A bodyguard stands on the roof of the cottage,
text: scanning the street.” We PULL AWAY. The image changes. We
text: realize we are seeing the soldier through a sniper scope. The
text: scope PANS right, to the other guard standing on the roof.
text: ANGLE ON 47, lying on top of the Fed Ex truck, prone, looking
text: through the silenced sniper rifle‘s scope.
text: 47'S POV. The SCOPE CLICKS. Now the guard’s head is full in
text: frame. The scope PANS again, to the other guard's head, then
dialog: ack.
text: INSERT CU ~- TRIGGER, as it is depresses.
text: PFFFT! The first Guard drops from frame. The scope PANS quickly.
text: PFFFT, the second guard drops.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL OF CHRIST THE SAVIOUR - SAME TIME
text: Mike opens the card on the vase. Inside is a note, which reads:
text: “Enjoy the funeral.” Mike looks quickly around.
text: We CRANE UP and AWAY toward the stage, to a Medium of Belicoff.
speaker_heading: BELICOFP
dialog: My brother was a troubled man. It was not
dialog: always that way. He had forgotten his
dialog: traditional values. But I loved him.
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE ~- SAME TIME
text: Yuri, naked to the waist, is chained to a metal chair, bolted to
text: the concrete floor. One hand is behind his back, the other, duct-
text: taped to a military radio, in front.
text: Yuri depresses the talk button on the radio. Nothing. He presses
text: it over and over. Still nothing. Angry, he violently yanks at
text: the handcuff on his wrist, only managing to hurt himself.
text: Yuri looks down at the C-4 taped around his torso. There is a lot
text: of it. He glances up at the clock. Sweat pours down his face.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY ESTATE ~ DAY
text: BUZZ. The side servants doorbell goes off. Five soldiers sit at
text: a large kitchen table listening to the speech. One slowly gets up,
text: walks to the door, and looks through the peephole.
text: HIS POV - Outside a Fed Ex guy holds up a package.
text: The Guard opens the door just as two more soldiers move into the
text: kitchen. They push him aside, moving out the door.
speaker_heading: MORE GUARD #1
dialog: fRussian, subtitled
dialog: We have lost contact with the look out.
text: The Fed Ex Guy hands_him a package. The guard signs for it. And
text: closes the door in 47's face. Hé walks toward thé table. He
text: slows, looking oddly at the package. A weird brown spot appears.
text: He realizes, something inside is burning. Too late.
text: The fast dispersion, aerosol neurotoxin barely glistens in the
text: air. All five soldiers are dead before they even smell it.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: 47 turns. He is now wearing a small oxygen mask. The two other
text: soldiers move quickly down the sidewalk, calling up to the roof.
text: 47 lifts his silenced .45. PFFFT, PFFFT! Both fall. 47 tosses
text: the Fed Ex hat and slips quickly into the house.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL OF CHRIST THE SAVIOUR - CONTINUOUS
dialog: MIKE .
dialog: Suicide. It would be suicide...
text: Mike drops the vase. They all look at him.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Clarky, get the car!
dialog: (fo the HRT Leader)
dialog: You, bring your men...
text: And they rush from the church.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY ESTATE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: 47 quietly moves through the kitchen. Toward the back stairs.
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL OF CHRIST THE SAVIOUR - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: . BELICOFF
dialog: But sometimes love needs to take the form
text: of strength. Demanding change.
text: We PUSH to a FOX NEWS camera man, standing very close, and into
text: the lens of his camera. INTO an ECU of the LENS holding
text: Belicoff‘s reflection.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF | cont’).
dialog: Now, as you see, I failed with my brother.
scene_heading: EXT. MASTER SUITE - HUGE BALCONY - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BELICOFF (0.S.)
dialog: Because of that love. I failed to do what
dialog: was necessary.
text: A man in a thick bathrobe prunes his prize-winning roses. He
dialog: takes great care with these roses, BELOW, in the estate’s back
text: yard, two children, a boy and a girl, play in the enormous
text: sculpted maze of giant rosebushes. We HE. them laugh.
text: From the radio on the patio table, we HEAR the funeral service.
text: Belicoff is giving the speech his all.
speaker_heading: . BELICOFF (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: And what is necessary is sometimes very
dialog: hard with the things we love. We confuse
dialog: compassion with kindness.
text: We MOVE TOWARD the man, and he smiles. And we now see... It is
text: Belicoff. Another one. He mouths the words as the other Belicoff
text: says them. As if he knows what the other is going to say before
text: he’ says it. Because, of course, he does.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF (0.S.) (CONT‘D)
dialog: gafortunately, kindness killed my brother.
dialog: A man I loved dearly.
text: He continues pruning his roses and mouthing along with the speech.
text: He seems very proud. But, the children’s laughter annoys him.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL OF CHRIST THE SAVIOUR ~ CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BELICOFF |
dialog: Russia is very much like my brother. She
dialog: is broken...
scene_heading: INT. BALCONY - CATHEDRAL — CONTINUOUS
text: E4 scans the crowd below, searching for 47.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF (9-83)
dialog: She has lost her traditional values.
dialog: Should we choose to be kind? And let her
dialog: die, much like my brother?
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY - COUNTRY ESTATE - DAY
text: 47, the mask gone, silently moves up the stairs, pressed to the
text: wall, his outstretched .45 leading the way.
text: Above, a soldier stands on the mezzanine. We think he might see
text: 47, but he is busy trying to light a cigarette.
text: His weapon trained on the soldier, 47 continues quietly up the
dialog: stairs.
text: ANGLE ON GUARD, as he smiles, finally getting it lit. We PAN
text: RIGHT slightly as 47 quickly transfers the .45 to his left hand
text: and withdraws a large combat knife.
text: Reverse, 47 crouches up behind the guard. He JAMS the jarge blade
text: into the soldier’s neck and pushes him over the balcony. he
text: man’s gurgling stops before he hits the marble floor. " SMACK.
text: Against the wall, 47 moves stealthily down the hallway, weapon
text: raised. At the end, he looks around the corner.
text: 47'S POV - Four Soldiers stand outside a thick metal door.
text: \ ANGLE ON 47, as he pulls his head back. He calculates quickly,
text: . then moves out of frame around the corner toward them.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - SAME TIME
text: Yuri looks. The clock ticks down. 9 seconds, 8...
speaker_heading: FLASH BACK:
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE ~- ONE HOUR EARLIER
text: Yuri opens his eyes. He is naked and tied to that chair. 47 sits
text: in front of him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Look down.
text: Yuri does. C-4 is taped all around his torso. A lot.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47 (CONT'D) .
text: That is C-4. About forty pounds of it.
dialog: Much more than is necessary but I know your
text: fondness for overly dramatic theatrics.
text: When it detonates, it will not only liquefy
dialog: your torge, et level this entire building.
dialog: ea
text: The C-4 is rigged to a cell phone. At.
dialog: exactly 1:15, that radio in your hand is
dialog: programmed to activate. It will remain
dialog: active for only 15 seconds. You have ten
dialog: seconds to help me. If you don’t, I will
dialog: detonate the C-4 and you along with it.
speaker_heading: YURET
dialog: You have gone to a great deal of trouble.
dialog: I am just a bureaucrat. There is nothing I
dialog: can do for you I‘m afraid.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I disagree.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE — PRESENT
text: The clock continues to click. 2... 1...
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: aT (Yells, frustrated)
dialog: Pucki! .
text: The red light on the radio blinks on. Yuri just stares at it.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - LITTLE LESS THAN ONE HOUR EARLIER
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Not
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: This is not a request. The situation is
dialog: fixed, and you know both possible outcomes.
dialog: Live or die. Your choice.
dialog: _ (Standing) .
dialog: Here is something to keep things in
dialog: perspective. I picked it up last night
dialog: while I was in your home. If you care so
dialog: little for yourself...
text: 47 places the picture of a college age girl on the table, next to
text: a large analog clock.
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: You bastard.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: At one fifteen, you will have fifteen
dialog: seconds.
dialog: (He_moves_to the door)
dialog: And yell all you like, we are miles from
dialog: where anyone can hear.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE -— PRESENT
text: Yuri looks at the clock. His fifteen seconds are zipping bye He
text: is covered in sweat. He glances at the picture of his daughter.
text: He keys the radio.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL OF CHRIST THE SAVIOUR - BALCONY - ONE SECOND LATER
text: E4 stares through the scope, scanning. His radio CHIRPS.
speaker_heading: E4
dialog: Da?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Are you sure?
dialog: 
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH ANGLE - MOSCOW ~ DAY
text: Two SUV's haul ass through the streets below.
scene_heading: INT. LEAD SUV - DAY
text: Mike and his men rush through the streets. Over the radio:
speaker_heading: BELICOFF (0.S.)
dialog: Or should we do what is necessary? What is
dialog: hard? To save what we love.
text: Belicoff is really bringing it home now. People cheer.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hurry!
speaker_heading: CLARKSON |
dialog: Doing my best. Traffic.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: The SUV jumps the curb and HAULS ASS down the median.
scene_heading: \ EXT. MASTER SUITE - HUGE BALCONY - SAME TIME
text: / The other Belicoff listens. Pruning.
speaker_heading: BACK ON YURI
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: Just fucking do it! Now!
scene_heading: INT. BALCONY ~ CATHEDRAL
text: ANGLE ON E4, who squeezes the trigger.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL OF CHRIST THE SAVIOUR ~- CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: __BELICOFF
dialog: {Building volume) | .
dialog: I for one will not fail again! Not with
dialog: this country! Not with our children’s
dialog: future! Not with you -~
text: -- SMACK! E4'’s round TEARS through Belicoff‘s skull.
text: We PAN LEFT. A moment's delay shows the assassination again, in
text: graphic detail on the 100’ screen.
text: Pandemonium. Soldiers swarm the area.
scene_heading: INT. LEAD SUV - CONTINUOUS
text: The men in the SUV are stunned. They can HEAR the crowd panic.
dialog: Shit! MERE
text: His men look at him, confused.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: . MIKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Keep going!
scene_heading: EXT. MASTER SUITE ~ HUGE BALCONY - SAME TIME
text: On the radio, we hear the chaos. Belicoff drops the pruning
text: shears and turns, staring at the radio.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - SAME TIME
text: Yuri lowers the radio, and sighs.
scene_heading: INT. BALCONY - CATHEDRAL ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: Soldiers rush to the balcony. But it is ty. Only the sniper
text: xifle remains. The soldiers look at each other. We MOVE OVER and
text: CRANE down.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL OF CHRIST THE SAVIOUR -— CONTINUOUS
text: Soldiers, in gas masks, swarm everywhere. Terrified guests are
text: dragged from the cathedral.
scene_heading: EXT. MASTER SUITE - HUGE BALCONY - SAME TIME
text: Belicoff continues to stare at the radio a moment.
speaker_heading: RADIO REPORTER (0.S.)
dialog: Mikhail Belicoff was just shot right before
dialog: our eyes! Again, Mikhail Belicoff is dead!
text: Anger and disgust are barely evident on his face. But then they
text: are gone. He picks up the Shears and moves to another potted rose
text: bush, getting on his ees, clipping.
text: We PAN and PUSH IN TO A CU of the RADIO. A hand reaches into
text: frame and turns it off.
text: ANGLE ON BELICOFF. He doesn’t turn around. He just continues
dialog: pruning those rose bushes.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF
dialog: Seems I underestimated you.
text: We PAN RIGHT. 47 stands next to the radio.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47
text: Consistently.
text: 47 adjusts his jacket, to cover the blood splatter from the
dialog: soldiers.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF
dialog: A miscalculation on my part.
scene_heading: _. AGENT 47_—
dialog: So...? Did the hard-line Communists make
dialog: you an offer? Or was killing Mikhail your
dialog: idea... Mischa.
text: Belicoff stares at 47.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Show me your arm.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF
dialog: Why? Does it matter?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47)
dialog: To satisfy my own curiosity.
text: Belicoff unties the robe. He slowly lowers one side. When he
text: does, we can see the welt of scars and skin-grafts below his neck.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: No scar on your arm...
speaker_heading: BELICOFF
dialog: , _, (Smiles)
dialog: Mikhail could have very well returned
dialog: Russia to her former glory. All the people
dialog: needed was a push to make him a hero, But
dialog: he stopped short. Then I realized the
dialog: right push would solve two problems.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 |
dialog: But then you tried to kill me. And you
dialog: forced the people I worked for to abandon
dialog: me. You placed me into an impossible
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF .
dialog: Do you have any idea of the pain I endured
dialog: to look like Mikhail? The others were
dialog: fine, but I_got an infection under the
text: steel facial structure. The skin-grafts
dialog: never completely healed. I am in constant
text: agony. Not to mention the excruciating
dialog: ache I endured spending time with his
text: dilettante wife and whining children. Of
dialog: course, I found ways to divert my
dialog: attention. But then Mikhail decided that
dialog: perhaps returning to the old ways was not
dialog: such a good idea. Support within the party
dialog: was waning. They removed my face for the
text: cause and” then he decides to become an
dialog: idealist? I think not.
speaker_heading: _ AGENT 47
dialog: If you had just left me alone, you could
dialog: very well be sitting in the Kremlin this
dialog: time next year.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF
dialog: So it seems. We will never know. You and
dialog: the whore were the only ones who knew the
dialog: truth. And where is she now? Do you have
dialog: fantasies of a life with her?
text: 47 looks at him.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF (CONT’D)
dialog: If you only knew the depraved things I made
dialog: per 24 you would not be so eager to share
dialog: er bed.
dialog: 120.
text: e 47 is going to kill him now. Suddenly men start BANGING on the
text: bedroom door. Belicoff slowly lifts his hand from his pocket.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF (CONT’D
dialog: But you’ll never have that chance...
text: Mischa holds out a tiny remote from his robe pocket.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF (CONT’D
dialog: Panic button. I pressed it when you came
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
text: The door is steel. We have a few moments.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF
dialog: Perhaps. But you will never escape from
dialog: here alive. There are over a hundred
dialog: soldiers here. You are a dead man. Some
dialog: consulation I suppose...
text: 47 just smiles, glancing at his watch. Mischa stares at him,
dialog: stoic.
speaker_heading: . BELICOFF (CONT'D)
dialog: There is nothing more I have to say to you.
text: Then a thought brings an evil grin to Mischa’s face.
speaker_heading: BELICOFF (CONT’D) .
dialog: eo Just_know, the whore is broken. I did it
dialog: myseif. She has no chance at a real life.
dialog: With you dead, she’1l return to the only
text: thing she knows. And flat on her back, all
dialog: she will have to dull the pain, is a dim
dialog: memory of you. Pathetic.
dialog: {Hts grin fades)
dialog: Get on with it then.
text: We PULL BACK into a wide as 47 lifts his silenced .45.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - DAY
text: We HEAR a slight PFFFT. The boy looks up as birds fly up from the
dialog: balcony.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER SUITE - DAY
text: 47 looks at Belicoff’s body on the floor. From outside the door,
text: men batter at the steel. he CLINGING echoes through the room.
text: He can HEAR men gathering below the balcony outside as well.
text: 47 walks over to the desk and checks his watch again. He doesn’t
text: look happy. He unslings the automatic rifle from under his coat,
text: leaning ed against the desk and sits, facing the door. He calmly
text: laces one “98 on the desk, lays the other next to it, and checks
text: is watch once more.
dialog: 121.
text: We TRACK toward the room’s entrance. BLAM, BLAM. Splinters fly.
text: Someone is shooting at the wall holding the steel door. We PUSH
dialog: through it.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Soldiers crowd the hall. We TRACK ABOVE them, and DOWN the
text: stairs. Which is e mally packed with men. It is obvious that 47
text: is completely outn ered and outgunned. We continue TRACKING to
text: the bottom of the stairs and across the main room.
text: And then, through the glass door, we see flashing red and blue
dialog: ights.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER SUITE ~ DAY
text: The hinges to the door are blown off and the door sags inward. 47
text: snatches up his .45’s, one in each hand. And then we HEAR YELLING
text: from the first floor. No one rushes in.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM ~ DAY
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Interpol! Drop your weapons!
text: \ Mike, his men, and the Interpol HRT team storm the stairs. The
text: Russians point their weapons at the HRT team who aim back, but
text: clearly Belicoff’s men are confused about what to do.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: Drop your bloody weapons!
text: Mike, his badge held high, makes his way toward the bedroom.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: We have an arrest warrant for that man!
dialog: Stand down!
text: The Russians have no choice but to allow Interpol to move into the
dialog: bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER SUITE - DAY
text: 47 places his weapons on the desk and raises his hands just as
text: Mike and his boys swarm into the room.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Don’t move! On your knees, hands on your
dialog: head!
text: 47 complies. Mike looks at him as an HRT Guy frisks him.
dialog: MIKE .
dialog: Don‘t do anything stupid.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I wouldn’t dream of it.
speaker_heading: HRI GUY
dialog: He’s clean, sir.
text: Clarkson pulls out his handcuffs.
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I’ll do that, Clarky.
text: Mike puts the cuffs on 47. He looks at him.
speaker_heading: MIKE (CONT'D)
dialog: You almost had me, you know.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Almost...
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM — DAY
text: They lead 47, in cuffs, through the main floor, through all of the
text: RusSian soldiers, who just stare in confusion.
scene_heading: EXT. COTTAGE - DAY
text: Mike follows behind 47 as his boys lead him to the SUV. He
text: watches 47 as Clarkson and the HRT Guy put 47 in the rear seat of
text: the SUV. They close the door, but still Mike stares at 47 through
text: the window. 7 glances up at Mike for a moment, then back down.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON ,
dialog: Congratulations, Gov’nor. You got him.
text: Jenkins slaps Mike on the back. Mike can’t suppress a smile as he
text: gets into the vehicle.
text: Clarkson powers the SUV away from Belicoff’s country house.
scene_heading: INT. LEAD SUV - DAY
text: Mike looks at 47 in the visor mirror. 47 looks up at him.
speaker_heading: ; AGENT 47
dialog: Something you want to know?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Just one thing. Knowing how this ends, was
dialog: it worth it? “Killing Belicoff?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47 .
dialog: Knowing how this ends? Definitely.
text: Mike nods, turning around. Clarkson is looking in the rearview
dialog: mMLrror.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: What do you make of that?
text: Mike looks out the back glass.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What the hell?
text: 47 seems calm as he can be, like he’s on his way to church.
dialog: 
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADWAY ~ DAY
text: Suddenly, they are set upon by four, blacked out, armored SUVs.
text: The vehicles surround them and drive them off the road.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF ROAD - DAY
text: Mike’s SUV slides to a stop. He starts to get out, but both
text: vehicles are quickly surrounded by men in dark suits, Of course
text: these men are wearing armored vests and wielding serious
text: firepower. All of Mike’s men, including the HRT guys, are
dialog: freaking out.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
text: A man walks over from one of the suburbans. Despite his shades,
dialog: we easily recognize him as Smith.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I’m Agent Smith with the U.S. Central
dialog: Intelligence Agency. I need all of your
text: men out and to the rear of that vehicle.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: You don‘t have jurisdiction here.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We aren’t here. Which means when we open
dialog: up on you, and shred your bodies with
dialog: automatic-fire, then this will never have
dialog: happened...
text: Mike sighs as he is moved to the back of the second vehicle, where
text: his men, hands up against the vehicle, are being relieved of their
text: weapons. They are quickly joined by ail the rest of his men.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: I'd like to know what in God’s fucking name
dialog: you think you are doing.
speaker_heading: SMITH .
dialog: We have reason to believe you are involved
dialog: in terrorist activities.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: We are with Interpol, and in accordance
dialog: with Section 3578.9A, we are transporting
dialog: an international criminal. You are
dialog: seriously overstepping your job here, mate.
text: Mike tosses him his badge. Smith casually looks at him.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What criminal?
text: Mike looks over. There is no one in the back. It is empty.
speaker_heading: ; CLARKSON _
dialog: You stupid American shit!
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (To his men)
dialog: Watch them.
text: smith goes to look in the car. He picks up a card off the back
text: seat, pocketing it.
text: He walks back over to Mike, handing him his badge back.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT‘D)
dialog: You know what, I’m sorry, Man. My mistake.
dialog: I thought you were someone else.
speaker_heading: CLARKSON
dialog: You cocksucking prick! You let him get
dialog: away!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Load up boys.
text: Smith and his men walk back toward their blacked-out suburbans.
text: Smith turns around to Mike and his men.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: On behaif of the United States government,
dialog: I'd like to extend to you our sincerest
dialog: apologies.
text: Smith winks at them, smiles, and gets into the truck.
text: As the suburban speeds away we PAN back around to Mike, who just
text: stands there for a moment.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I need a cigarette.
text: We CRANE UP moving away from them as Mike just stands there taking
text: a moment.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN ~ DAY
text: Smith stares out the window at Moscow. He reaches into his pocket
text: and withdraws the white card he found on the back seat of Mike's
text: suv. It is one of Smith’s own business cards. He flips it over.
text: On the back is written, “We are even.”
text: Smith smiles, letting the card fly out of the window.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. MIKE’S STUDY ~ NIGHT
text: We are now back where we started. 47 sits across from Mike. Rain
text: clatters on the window as they look at each other.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: So now what?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I want to be left alone.
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Just like that?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Yes. Just like that.
text: 47 stands. Pulls the blanket off the mound on the floor.
text: Underneath is a man. We recognize him as the man 47 spoke to
text: Diana about on the train from St. Petersburg. But he is dressed
text: in a black suit with a red tie. And his head has been shaved.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47 (CONT‘D) .
dialog: That is the man you have been looking for.
dialog: Seems besides drug running and kidnapping,
dialog: he has also been assassinating people al.
dialog: over Europe.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I don’t follow.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: Yes you do. I‘m finished. More accurately
dialog: I never existed. This is the man you have
dialog: been searching for. The man who killed so
dialog: many.
dialog: 
text: \ a7 places Mike’s weapon on the desk. The H&K.
speaker_heading: . AGENT 47 (CONT'D)
dialog: Ballistics will confirm he was shot by your
text: weapon. The magazine is in the night’ stand
dialog: next to your bed. Don’t forget it before
dialog: you call your superiors.
dialog: Then)
dialog: He broke into your house. And you were.
dialog: forced to defend yourself. He died. Right
dialog: here on your rug. You're a hero.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You killed him here...?
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: It's five. If you wait a few hours, until
dialog: the girls ge to school, then you won't have
dialog: to expose them to this. And it explains |
dialog: why you waited so long before you called it
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: MIKE | /
dialog: I can’t go along with this...
text: 47 moves to the french doors, then stops. Staring at him.
speaker_heading: AGENT 47
dialog: I truly hope you can. Because the |
text: assassin, the hitman, is dead. Finished.
dialog: It’s time we both move on. Let the dead
dialog: stay dead. For both our sakes. And for
dialog: your family’s.
dialog: (Opens the door)
dialog: Goodbye Michael. I hope I never see you
dialog: again.
dialog: 
dialog: 126.
text: And with that 47 is gone, disappearing into the night. Mike
text: sighs, thinking.
scene_heading: INT. PARISIAN POSTAL STORE - DAY
text: Nika hands the clerk a couple of Euros then takes the Fed Ex
text: envelope to a side counter. She tears it open and pulls out the
text: contents. A single page. Nika smiles.
text: It is the real estate ad from the magazine. For the winery in the
text: South of France. An address has been written on it in marker.
scene_heading: EXT. WINERY - HIGH ANGLE
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE TITLE CARD: BORDEAUX PROVENCE, FRANCE
text: We PAN LEFT, across the 72 hectares of prime growing fields, past
text: the wineries, the stables and out-buildings, to the huge 17th
dialog: Century chateau.
text: A private drive winds through the trees, up to the steps where a
text: taxi_is parked. Nika gets out of the taxi, looks around and
text: giggles. She starts to run inside.
scene_heading: REAL ESTATE BROKER
dialog: (In French, subtitled)
dialog: Wait, wait, hold that taxi!
text: A chic 30ish Frenchman, dressed in a nice suit, hurries down the
text: steps. He leans in to the cabbie, speaking.
speaker_heading: REAL ESTATE BROKER (CONT‘D)
dialog: Parlez-vous Francais?
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: A little...
scene_heading: . REAL ESTATE BROKER
dialog: Nevermind. You are a little late. My
dialog: partner already went back.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: I'm sorry.
scene_heading: REAL ESTATE BROKER
dialog: No problem. Here, sign this please.
text: He puts papers on the roof of the taxi, handing her a pen.
text: Confused she signs her name. He points to another sheaf of
text: papers. He smiles, folding the two documents.
speaker_heading: REAL ESTATE BROKER (CONT'D)
text: Merci. The staff are waiting inside.
speaker_heading: _ NIKA
dialog: (Grinning, excited)
dialog: Where is he? Inside?
scene_heading: REAL ESTATE BROKER
dialog: I'm sorry?
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: NIKA |
dialog: The man who owns this place.
scene_heading: REAL ESTATE BROKER
dialog: Madame... You own this chateau.
text: He hands her one of the folded documents.
speaker_heading: REAL ESTATE BROKER (CONT’D)
dialog: Merci.
text: He gets into the cab. She runs to the window.
speaker_heading: NIKA
dialog: Wait! I’m meeting someone.
text: He slaps his forehead. Then pulls an envelope from his coat.
scene_heading: REAL ESTATE BROKER
dialog: I forgot... I am supposed to give you
dialog: this. Au revoir.
text: She’ stands back, holding the envelope as the taxi speeds away,
text: through the gate and down the private road.
text: Nika opens the envelope and pulls out a card. We PUSH IN as she
text: reads. She glances at the taxi as it disappears, then back at the
text: card. Tears begin rolling down her face.
text: She slumps down, sitting on the steps, Reading it again. We PULL
text: BACK, CRANING UP as Nika cries. We CONTINUE UP and BACK, MOVING
text: QUICKLY away. The image CHANGES. We are now seeing the scene
text: from far away, through a sniper scope.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL - DAY
text: 47 lowers the scope, not attached to a rifle. He is not happy.
text: He lifts the scope again.
text: 47’s POV - OF THE CHATEAU. A servant comes out of the chateau,
text: moving down the steps, She rests her hand on Nika’s shoulder, who
text: looks at her. The maid motions her inside, a compassionate smile
text: on her face. Together they move into the chateau.
text: BACK ON 47 who lowers the scope. Through the stoic exterior, we
text: feel the sadness. The loneliness.
text: We CRANE UP as 47 walks off toward the waiting Mercedes.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 
