dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOPE AND GLORY
speaker_heading: HOPE AND GLORY
dialog: An Original Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: John Boorman
dialog: Fourth Draft. 1986
dialog: Copyright (c) 1986 John Boorman.
dialog: All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - BACK GARDEN - SEPTEMBER 1939 - DAY
speaker_heading: COLOUR
text: Raking down a line of suburban gardens lit by a late-summer
text: sun. Heads move back and forth above the fences that divide
text: the narrow strips of land, moving to the sound of unseen
text: lawn mowers.
text: In one of these gardens two children, BILL (aged eight) and
text: his sister SUE (aged six) disport themselves. They are
text: sprawled out on the lawn, heads and hands intent on
text: something hidden from view in the lush vegetation of a
text: rockery garden. Beneath those flowers and plants is a dark
text: and mysterious forest, shaded by huge leaves, and broken up
text: by towering boulders. Mounted figures of medieval knights
text: ride in, guided by BILL'S gigantic hand. A wizard appears
text: in the path of the riders who draw up sharply. BILL gives
text: an impression of neighing horses. SUE'S face looms up
text: between large leaves. She makes the sound of spooky wind.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DINING/LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: In the penumbra of the room, the mother, GRACE, in droopy
text: flowered frock, crosses, floats towards the walnut wireless
text: and, with trembling hand, switches it on. Its green dial
text: glows with stations like Droitwich and Hilversum. She
text: glides back and drapes herself behind an armchair in which
text: her husband, CLIVE, sits solemn and motionless.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - GARDEN - DAY
text: The sound of the lawn-mower ceases abruptly. BILL looks up
text: sharply. The neighbours' heads come to rest on top of the
text: garden fences. They turn, listening. BILL inclines his head
text: towards the french windows, sensing the dread moment. He
text: walks towards the door and is framed there. He regards his
dialog: parents.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DINING/LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: They look back with unseeing, inward-turned eyes. Young
text: BILL gathers confused fragments of the fateful
dialog: announcement.
speaker_heading: CHAMBERLAIN (V.O)
dialog: ...those assurances... by eleven
dialog: o'clock... a state of war... that
dialog: this country... at war with
dialog: Germany.
text: The boy catches his mother's eye. She smiles en embarrassed
text: smile. The boy is embarrassed by her embarrassment. His
text: father's glassy solemnity angers him. In the garden, SUE
dialog: sings.
speaker_heading: SUE (O.S.)
dialog: (singing)
text: Flat foot floogie with a Floy
dialog: Floy.
text: BILL turns to his sister.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Stop that, Sue!
text: CLIVE is startled out of his funereal reverie.
speaker_heading: BILL
text: She just sings it. She doesn't
dialog: know what it means.
text: An older sister, DAWN, a tumescent fifteen, stumbles into
text: the room in a nightdress.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Where are my stockings? I can't
dialog: find my stockings!
text: Her mother, GRACE, interrupts her with outstretched arms.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Dawn, darling. They've started a
dialog: war again.
text: GRACE says it as though announcing that dinner is served,
text: but her voice is torn by a sob as she holds DAWN in her
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (Whispering and sobbing)
dialog: We mustn't frighten the little
dialog: ones.
text: DAWN is appalled by her mother's display of sentiment. She
text: wrenches free.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I don't care! I want my
dialog: stockings!
text: CLIVE get's up, blazing. He seizes DAWN and shakes her.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Stockings? War! Don't you
dialog: understand! War!
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I don't care!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: War! War!
text: GRACE inserts herself between them.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Clive. Don't. Dawn, please.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - GARDEN - DAY
text: BILL calls out from the garden. He is jumping up and down,
text: pointing at the sky.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: German planes! German planes!
text: They run out. GRACE sweeps little SUE into her arms, buring
text: her face in her bosom and rushing back into the shelter of
text: the house. DAWN and CLIVE scan the sky for planes, There
dialog: are none.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I did see them. I did.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: He's the worst liar.
text: DAWN swings a fist at BILL and chases him inti the room,
text: raining savage blows upon him.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DINING/LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Father is white with rage. He seizes them, one in each
text: hand. Mother cowers with SUE.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: These are the fruits of my loins?
text: DAWN lunges at BILL. The GRANDMOTHER enters, tall, frail,
dialog: elegant, ga-ga, deaf.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: Is it peace in out time?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: No, Mother! It's War! War!
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: Or what?
speaker_heading: GRACE:
dialog: War! War! War!
text: The wireless begins to play 'God Save the King'. Father
text: immediately lets go of the children and stands rigidly to
dialog: attention.
text: The others simmer down and shuffle into stiff and still
text: poses. GRANDMOTHER, who perhaps cannot hear the Anthem, is
text: baffled, shakes her head.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEHILL AVENUE - DAY
text: The sirens sound. A shocking blast of noises, the sickening
text: ululations of the air-raid warning. They call out over the
text: rows of bow-fronted semi-detached, lower-middle-class
text: houses. Some of the occupants, more daring or more confused
text: than their neighbours, burst out of their front doors,
text: turning in frenzied circles, craning at the heavens.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DAY
text: The rigid family once more jerks into movement at the sound
text: of the siren, looking forcefully out of the french windows,
text: hiding under the table, clutching each other. The siren
text: stops. They wait, anxiously. Silence. Even the birds
text: stopped singing at the wailing of the first siren. This was
text: perhaps the worst moment of the war, the first moment, when
text: war was still an unknown dread thing. The siren again, but
text: this time, a long sustained note.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: That's the all-clear. Testing.
dialog: They were just testing.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - GARDEN - DAY
text: CLIVE walks tentatively into the garden, looking up,
text: shielding his eyes against the sun. The others join Him,
dialog: one by one.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Such a beautiful day too.
text: All search the clear blue sky. The sound of the lawn-mower
text: starts up again where it left off before the war.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Flat Foot Floogie with a Floy
dialog: Floy.
scene_heading: INT. CINEMA - DAY
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE
text: A Ministry of Information film advises and demonstrates how
text: to glue strips of paper to windows to avoid flying glass,
dialog: and how to construct an air-raid shelter. On the
text: soundtrack, in addition to the patronizing commentary
text: voice, is the sound of hundreds of screaming children.
text: BILL and SUE sit among the children's matinee audience. The
text: children pay no attention to the screen, but fight and
text: shout, throw things at each other, jump over seats, cry,
text: wander up and down the aisles.
text: The soundtrack changes to dramatic music and a
text: transformation takes place. All movement and talking
text: ceases. Hundreds of rapt faces stare at the screen where
text: Hopalong Cassidy rides into action.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - GARDEN - DAY
speaker_heading: COLOUR
text: CLIVE has put an Anderson shelter at the end of the small
text: garden, He is shovelling earth on to its humped corrugated
text: metal roof. His friend, MAC, is watching him.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Going to put a rockery garden
text: over it, Mac.
text: BILL's voice echoes from inside the shelter.
speaker_heading: BILL (O.S.)
text: Dad. It's full of water again.
text: CLIVE and MAC peer in to see the boy splashing up and down,
text: water over his ankles. He clutches his submerged foot in
text: mock agony.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Crocodiles! Aah!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: The sodding water table.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Could you seal it over with hot
dialog: pitch, Clive? Caulk it like the
text: hull of a ship.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (caustic)
dialog: Thanks. I hope you can come for
dialog: the launching.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - KITCHEN/GARDEN - DAY
text: The windows are criss-crossed with brown paper. Beyond, in
text: the garden, MAC has taken off his jacket and is shovelling
text: earth onto the shelter. BILL walks barefoot towards the
text: house, carrying his wet socks and shoes in his hands.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: It's not fair on them. It's
dialog: selfish to keep them with you.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: My aunt in Australia has
dialog: offered..
text: BILL sits on the steps at the half-open kitchen door and
text: wrings the water from his socks. SUE comes in and GRACE
text: signals MOLLY to be circumspect, but she blunders on.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Snap it up. Great chance for
dialog: them. Lot more future out there.
text: BILL listens, talking it all in. GRACE Watches little SUE
text: waddle out carrying planes.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It's so far way. I couldn't bear
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Kids don't care. You're thinking
dialog: of yourself.
text: GRACE turns away. Fighting back tears. MOLLY impulsively
text: takes GRACE in her arms.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I didn't mean it like that,
dialog: Grace. Why does it always come
dialog: out wrong?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I know you mean well.
text: MOLLY laughs and holds her at arms length.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: There you go again. You're so
dialog: bloody nice. I want to shake you.
text: She does, mock serious.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Nothing will ever be the same
dialog: again, Molly. And the funny thing
dialog: is, I'm glad.
text: MOLLY looks at her, surprised.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Now you're talking.
text: SUE listening to this, sees BILL on the steps and gives him
text: a questioning look. He shrugs, trying to conceal his
text: anxiety from his sister.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DAWN'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: DAWN lies in bed, head buried in pillows in that deepest of
text: all sleep, the Sunday morning adolescent lie-in. BILL
text: shakes her, jumps on top of her, imitates an air-raid
text: warning, tries to pull off the bedclothes but she holds
dialog: them tight.
speaker_heading: BILL
text: There's a soldier at he door,
dialog: looking for you.
text: She whips back the sheet, wide awake. One look at his face
text: is enough to see that he is lying.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: You're the biggest fibber.
speaker_heading: BILL
text: It's dinner time. It really is.
dialog: Cross my heart.
text: She snakes out an arm and pulls him into bed. She rolls on
text: top of him, tickling him and smothering him with kisses.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: If there's no solider, I'll have
dialog: you instead.
text: He giggles and struggles, gets into a panic, but she is
text: merciless, won't stop. Finally he starts to cry. She leaps
text: out of bed, disgusted with him.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Cry baby Bunting.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - GRACE'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: CLIVE rummages in the wardrobe, chuckling to himself. He
text: finds his Sam Browne belt and Army cap from the First Wold
dialog: War.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: MOLLY and GRACE and GRANDMA have 'gin and its', the men
text: brown ale. They are in high spirits. SUE is doing a puzzle
text: on the floor. MOLLY shouts into GRANDMA'S ear.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Few bombs might wake up this
dialog: country.
text: GRACE fills MAC'S glass in a tender gesture. A look passes
text: between them. MOLLY is a friend and wife, they love and
text: suffer in common. DAWN appears, wearing a defiant slash of
dialog: lipstick.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I doubt if a few bombs would wake
text: up Dawn on a Sunday morning.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: This phoney war get's on my
dialog: nerves. If we're going to have a
dialog: war, I wish they'd get it
dialog: started.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Just ignore her, Mac.
text: CLIVE appears having stripped to the waist but wearing his
text: Sam Browne from the First Wold War. They all shriek with
text: laughter. CLIVE, encouraged by this response, does drill
text: movements and then demonstrates how to salute.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: There are many ways of saluting..
dialog: (He demonstrates.)
text: ..An old soldier insulting a
text: young subaltern.
text: His hand flies to his forehead, gouging the air, the salute
text: transformed into an obscene gesture. More laughter.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: As an officer, you counter that
dialog: with one of these.
text: He raises his arm slowly and languidly until his limp hand
text: just brushes his temple. A faraway look in his eyes
text: disdains any acknowledgement of the insulting salute. A
text: tiny skirmish in the class war.
text: BILL and SUE swing on the leather straps of the Sam Browne.
dialog: They want him to stop. They sense something dangerous,
text: alien, their father in an unfamiliar role, another person.
text: The wireless has been on all this time, playing music and
text: now come the chimes of Big Ben. It is news time. The adults
text: are suddenly stock-still and serious, leaving the children
text: stranded in an excited state..
speaker_heading: NEWSREADER (V.O.)
dialog: Here is the news and this is
text: Alvar Lidell reading it.
text: The children are told to be quiet. The room becomes a
text: frieze of portentous concentration.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - GARDEN - DAY
text: BILL slips into the garden, looks up at the leaden sky
text: imploringly.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Come on. Come on.
text: The news bulletin filters out into the garden. Norway has
text: fallen, perhaps, or Churchill become Prime Minister.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: The meal has been eaten. They are animated again, but more
text: reflective, DAWN is winding wool with GRANDMA. BILL and SUE
text: have also left the table. BILL is looking at the Sam
text: Browne, now slung over the armchair, with its tangy smell
text: of deep polish like shiny milk chocolate, a mysterious icon
text: of war. The conversation at the table drifts over to him.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...It was a toss-up. His company
dialog: went to India, mine went to
text: France. Flip of a coin.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: ...two Indians to fan me all
text: night. The heat.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ....buried In a shell-hole for
dialog: thee days, while he's out there
text: playing polo and sticking pigs.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It was the best time of his life.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: How many of our class left? You
dialog: and me out of twenty-eight.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And Jim.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What's left of him. He'll never
dialog: see outside of the Star and
dialog: Garter.
text: BILL sinks his teeth into Same Browne. He bites hard and is
text: pleased to see that his teeth marks go quite deep into the
dialog: leather.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I rode into battle...
text: DAWN, winding wool, knows this speech by heart and mimes it
text: silently with her father.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: ...On horseback, with a drawn
text: sword, leading a battalion of
dialog: Gurkhas against the Turks.
text: GRANDMA watches DAWN'S moving lips and strains to hear.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: I can't hear you.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: And where were the Turks?
text: She also knows the story.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: No Turks.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We didn't know that. It was a
text: suicide mission. Machetes against
text: artillery. Volunteers only.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: They'd gone.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Saw Clive coming.
text: They all have a good laugh at CLIVE'S expense and he takes
text: it well enough. BILL drifts over to his lead soldiers
text: spread out in a corner of the room. They are an eclectic
text: mix of cowboys, Indians, the Medieval Knights, as well as
text: modern militia and a few farm animals.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We all had to write a last letter
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: And it was the last. Hasn't
dialog: written a letter since. Not even
text: a birthday card.
text: BILL sets a mounted knight against a clutch of modern
dialog: infantry.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: It's not like when you're in it.
text: Just young boys spilling their
text: guts in the mud.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: What were they like, the Germans,
dialog: when you were a prisoner of war?
text: BILL looks up with interest. The others fall silent.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Most of them were very decent to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I wish you wouldn't go saying
dialog: that. You'll get into trouble.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: You can speak German, can't you?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: A bit.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Say something. I want to know
dialog: what it sounds like.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Certainly not!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: In den ganzen Welt die meisten
dialog: Leute sind dumm.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Not so loud!
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Later. The two men are in post-prandial sleep in the
text: armchairs on either side of the fire. Sounds of washing up
text: and women's voices come from the kitchen. BILL walks up
text: very close and examines the two warriors from the Great
dialog: War, or the First Wold War, as it was now coming to be
text: known. Their mouths are open, slack. His father's false
text: teeth click up and down as he breathes. MAC shifts his
text: backside in his sleep to let a fart up from the side of the
text: leatherette armchair. BILL looks at CLIVE's mottled skin,
text: the stubble, the sagging epidermis around the eyes. He goes
text: to the mantelpiece and takes down a silver-framed picture
text: of his father as a baby-faced second lieutenant wearing
text: that same Sam Browne. BILL holds the picture next to his
text: father's snoring face. Once again, a new bulletin begins on
text: the ever-playing wireless.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Dad, the News. It's the News.
text: CLIVE stirs.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Go off and play, son.
text: BILL shakes him.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: But Dad, It's the News.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Thanks, son. I can hear it. I'm
dialog: not sleeping, just closing my
text: eyes.
text: BILL is confused. He still feels it is his duty to wake
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: The Germans! They've landed!
text: GRACE and MOLLY appear at the door, alarmed. The men sleep
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Only joking.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - CHILDREN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: BILL and SUE are in two beds, side by side. Between them is
text: a crystal set and they are sharing the earphones listening
text: to Itma or Much Binding in the Marsh. Their door is half
text: open and a gust of shots and cries rises from below. BILL
text: gets up and goes to the door.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - HALLYWAY AND LANDING - NIGHT
text: BILL and SUE venture out on to the landing and peer through
text: the banisters to the hallway and front door below.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: MAC and MOLLY are leaving, as CLIVE and GRACE help them on
text: with their coats. They have had a few more drinks, and are
text: making sentimental farewells.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Bloody gin. Always makes me cry.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Got some wires crossed. Only
text: weeps when she's happy.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You're making me start now.
text: MAC embarrasses her.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Now, now Grace.
text: He turns to CLIVE and takes him by the shoulders. They are
text: both quiet drunk.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Root it out Clive... the thought
text: of it, before it takes hold.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Weeds will grow, Mac.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Consider Grace, the kids. I love
dialog: them like my own. And you.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Kiss me Hardy.
text: As he mentions the children Molly wails anew.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Why couldn't I have the kids? Is
dialog: he sitting up there... saying...
dialog: "Grace, yes; Molly, no?"
text: GRACE holds her tight.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Better off, Molly. What's to
dialog: become of the poor mites!
text: SUE'S face creases and tears well up. BILL puts a
text: protective arm about her.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You're a mug, Clive. We did our
text: bit in the Last Lot.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: If King and Country call, Mac,
dialog: you go as soon as I will.
text: MAC'S face goes white with anger.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What did we know? We were
dialog: seventeen.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (with a far-off look)
dialog: I heard the drum and fife
text: yesterday, Mac, marching past.
text: Made my hair stand on end.
dialog: I thought, I've been asleep for
dialog: twenty years.
text: MAC wants to hit him. He turns away, trembling.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Go the Hell.
text: He puts an arm about MOLLY and plunges into the blacked-out
text: dark-winter-night. As GRACE turns back, she glimpses the
text: children on the landing above.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Do you know what time it is? Go
dialog: back to bed, this instant.
text: They dart out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - CHILDREN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: BILL and SUE slide under the bedclothes. SUE is whimpering.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: We're not going to be like them
dialog: when we grow up. We're not even
dialog: like them now.
text: He picks up the earphones and twiddles with the crystal
text: wireless. It is the News again. BILL fiddles with the lead
text: soldiers, his eyes getting heavy.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE
text: Infantry advance as shells bust all about them. CLIVE and
text: MAC push forward, side by side. MAC is hit, goes down,
text: cries out for help, but CLIVE does not seem to notice.
text: A muddy field. Silence. Aftermath of battle. BILL searches
text: among the dead. They are half-buried, covered in mud, all
text: one texture with the earth. BILL finds CLIVE and MAC, lying
text: side by side, dead. He is quite unconcerned, pulls his
text: father's Sam Browne which slips off easily. He wipes the
text: mud away and starts to eat it. It seems to be made of
dialog: chocolate.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY
speaker_heading: COLOUR
text: A 1938 Vauxhall 12 is parked outside a recruiting centre. A
text: boisterous crowd of young men mills about, passing in and
text: out, encouraging each other, cheering each new man who
text: steps out a soldier.
text: Next door is a pub and there is a continuous exchange of
text: customers between the two establishments. BILL and SUE wait
text: inside the car. She is whining in the back, sucking her
text: thumb. BILL sits in the driving seat, pretending to drive,
dialog: making all the right noises.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: He's never going to come back.
text: He's gone off to be a soldier and
text: Mummy doesn't even know.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It doesn't matter, I can drive
text: the car home.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: You wouldn't.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Would.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: You couldn't.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Could.
text: CLIVE, arm in arm with a PAL, comes out of the pub and over
text: to the car. He gets in after much handshaking and back
dialog: slapping.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Sorry, kids. Joined up. I needed
dialog: some Dutch courage to tell your
dialog: mother.
text: The PAL opens the passenger door and leans in.
speaker_heading: PAL
dialog: Never say die!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Steady the Buffs.
speaker_heading: PAL
dialog: Up the Arsenal!
text: CLIVE leans across and slams the door closed. The PAL waves
text: at the window. CLIVE pulls away. The PAL runs alongside,
text: waving. CLIVE laughs and waves back.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: He's one of the best.
text: Still the PAL keeps up with the car, running frantically.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Daddy you shut his hand in the
dialog: door.
text: The PAL jumps on the running board and crouches there, red
text: faced, eyes bulging. He waves desperately at the window.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: The silly bugger.
text: He pulls up the and opens the door. The PAL clasps his hand
text: and writhes in agony.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You silly bugger. We're trying to
dialog: win a war and you start off by
dialog: shutting your fingers in the
text: bloody car door.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - GARAGE - DAY
text: CLIVE is putting the car on blocks, taking off the wheels.
text: BILL helps him.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: That's it for the duration.
text: (runs a duster over the
dialog: bodywork)
dialog: I shall miss the old girl. Pop in
dialog: and give her a polish, Billy boy.
dialog: Just now and then. A car needs to
dialog: be cherished.
text: GRACE has appeared at the door and heard some of this.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Has Sue got it right?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You joined up.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Oh, that.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I wish you could have told me
dialog: yourself.
dialog: (he takes Grace in his
dialog: arms.)
dialog: Oh, Grace, it's not for long.
dialog: They say it'll be over by
dialog: Christmas.
text: CLIVE laughs and tickles her, trying to get round her, keep
text: it light. GRACE laughs despite herself. BILL makes a face,
text: disgusted by the show of sentiment.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Don't be so daft. Act your age.
dialog: (extricates herself)
dialog: I can't cope on my own. I'd
dialog: better let the children go.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - GARDEN - DAY
text: CLIVE leads BILL out on to the lawn, goes down on one knee
text: and puts his hand on the boy's shoulder. He looks solemnly
text: into his son's eyes.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Billy boy. Before I go, there's
dialog: something I want to tell you.
dialog: You're old enough now. It's time.
dialog: (produces a cricket ball
dialog: from his pocket.)
dialog: The Googly. Your hand is too
dialog: small to master it, but not to
dialog: start practising. Anyway, I'm
dialog: going to pass on the secret now,
dialog: father to son, in case anything
dialog: happens to me.
dialog: (demonstrates)
dialog: You know the off-break, right?
text: He flicks the ball out of his wrist. BILL nods.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And the leg-break?
text: BILL knows that too. The ball comes out of his hand,
text: spinning the other way.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: Now, the googly looks like a leg
dialog: break, but it's really an off
dialog: break. Got it? Like this.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It's like telling fibs.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: That's it. When you tell a lie,
dialog: you hope to get away with it.
dialog: When someone else does, you want
dialog: to find them out. A good batsman
dialog: will spot a googly. A good bowler
dialog: will hide it. Always remember
dialog: that, son.
text: BILL flicks the ball this way and that, experimenting.
text: CLIVE watches him tenderly, a moment of perfect harmony. He
text: folds BILL in his arms, holding him fast.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - DAY
text: BILL swings on the front gate looking back at his mother,
text: SUE and DAWN bidding their farewells to CLIVE in a
text: confusion of tears and forced gaiety.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - FRONT GARDEN - DAY
text: CLIVE finally strides away, head high, a military spring
text: already in his step. Behind him GRACE shuts the door as
text: though closing a chapter of their lives.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Dad! Dad!
text: CLIVE, now some twenty yards away, looks back. BILL throws
text: the cricket ball and CLIVE catches it neatly. He smiles and
text: marches down Rosehill Avenue. BILL is puzzled as CLIVE
text: shows no sign of returning the ball. He calls after him.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Dad!
text: CLIVE is now eighty yards down the street. He suddenly
text: turns smiling broadly, and with a prodigious throw he send
text: the ball in a high arc towards his son. BILL juggles his
text: position, cups his hands, gets under it as the hard, heavy
text: ball hurtles downwards. At the last moment he loses his
text: nerve and jumps back, letting the ball thump onto the lawn.
text: He looks towards CLIVE, full of shame. BILL is relieved to
text: see that CLIVE has turned the corner.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: BILL winces as he and SUE are passed from hand to hand,
text: hugged and kissed by many female members of the family -
text: DAWN, GRANDMA and GRACE'S three sisters, FAITH, HOPE and
text: CHARITY. MOLLY is on hand with MAC, the only male. On the
text: table are the remains of the farewell party, an iced cake,
text: balloons, gaudy wrapping paper. Encouraging cries fly
dialog: about. "Aren't you lucky?" "Isn't it exciting?" "I wish I
text: could hide in your suitcase." From the smothering embraces,
text: BILL casts a pleading look to MAC who reaches out and hauls
dialog: him from the women.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You survived that. The war should
dialog: be no problem.
text: GRACE ties a label to BILL'S lapel. It declares his name
dialog: and other details.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Time to go.
text: She leads the children out MAC follows, carrying two
text: suitcases.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERLOO STATION - DAY
text: MAC and GRACE lead BILL and SUE into the concourse where
text: hundreds of children are assembled, each wearing an
text: identification label. The noise is overwhelming. The
text: organizers shout into megaphones. One buy has fainted and
text: is put on a stretcher by St. Johns Ambulance men and, to
text: get through the crowd, they hold the stretcher above their
text: heads. The boy recovers, sits up and waves to his friends.
text: The parents throng behind the barrier and they follow him.
scene_heading: WOMEN'S VOLUNTARY SERVICE (W.V.S) Volunteers stand by.
speaker_heading: W.V.S. WOMAN
dialog: Australia?
text: GRACE nods. The W.V.S WOMAN examines the labels on SUE and
text: BILL and checks them against her list. The steam ad noise
text: have suffocating effect on GRACE.
speaker_heading: W.V.S. WOMAN
dialog: Say goodbye and pass them
dialog: through.
text: GRACE weeps as she embraces SUE. BILL fights back the tears
text: and turns away embarrassed when his mother wants a kiss
dialog: from him.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I'm going to miss the war and
dialog: it's all your fault.
text: They are sucked into the enclosure and quickly disappear
text: among the throng of refugee children. GRACE tries to follow
text: with her eyes, searching for them hungrily. They disappear.
text: MAC flinches at the pain he sees in her face. She lunges
text: forward, and tries to push through the barrier.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I can't do it. What's the point?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: It's just the wrench, Grace. It's
dialog: for their sake.
text: He tries to restrain her, but she breaks free.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Let me through, I want my
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: W.V.S. WOMAN
dialog: No one goes in there. You signed
dialog: the forms, didn't you?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Yes, I did. And now I want them
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: W.V.S. WOMAN
dialog: Too late. Plenty of others
dialog: would've been glad of their
dialog: places.
text: The W.V.S. WOMAN and an ARP MAN are forcibly holding her.
text: MAC cannot bear to watch her pain. He leaps over the
text: barrier, grans SUE and BILL and hoists them out of the pen.
text: BILL is acutely embarrassed at the scene his mother is
text: making. He struggles to get free of MAC.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Let me alone. I want to go. I
dialog: want to go.
text: MAC swings them over to GRACE. She snatches up SUE and hugs
text: her. Over the child's shoulder her eye is drawn to a poster
text: depicting a ghostly Hitler hovering over a mother and her
text: children. He whispers in her ear "Take them back".
speaker_heading: BILL
text: In front of everybody. They were
dialog: all looking at us. Why did you
dialog: have to do it?
text: GRACE is shattered, drained. She becomes calm almost
text: dreamy.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Please yourself.
dialog: (turns to Mac)
dialog: Let them go, if they want.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Grace!
text: GRACE turns back to the barrier, which is still defended by
text: the W.V.S WOMAN with the clipboard.
speaker_heading: W.V.S. WOMAN
dialog: Changed your mind?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: W.V.S WOMAN
dialog: Well, you're too late. Apply
dialog: again. On your head be it.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: BILL glues balsa wood wings on to a model Spitfire.
text: Opposite him, across the dining-room table, GRACE is
text: cutting something out of the newspaper. DAWN'S school books
text: are spread out on the table, but she has abandoned them in
text: favour of a dancing lesson by Victor Sylvester on the
text: wireless. She steers her imaginary partner between the
text: furniture, her face concentrates, trying to follow the
dialog: steps.
speaker_heading: VICTOR SYLVESTER (V.O.)
dialog: Slow, quick, quick, slow. Right
dialog: forward.. left together.. Three,
dialog: four.. Back together.. Turn..
dialog: One, two.. Quick, quick, slow.
text: GRACE crosses the room towards the kitchen. DAWN passes in
text: from of her and she falls into step partnering her daughter
text: in the dance.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: You know it? It must be an old
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Ancient. Have you finished your
dialog: homework?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: After this dance.
text: She mouths the steps, "Forward..quick, quick, slow"
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: GRACE pins the newspaper cutting to a bulletin board which
text: also displays a 'war map' with pins in it showing the
text: progress of hostilities. The cutting is a David Low cartoon
text: showing a soldier standing defiantly on a rocky promontory
text: looking across a stormy sea towards France, saying 'Very
text: well alone.' She is deeply moved by it. BILL enters and
text: watches her, sensitive of her mood, but he has a mournful
text: duty. He takes out the pins, representing the German Army
dialog: in Russia.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I've got to move the Germans to
dialog: Minsk. They've taken Minsk.
text: GRACE lays a restraining hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Tomorrow. Give them one more
dialog: night of freedom. Move them in
dialog: the morning.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Swirling to the dance music, DAWN comes face to face with
text: the clock on the mantelpiece and registers the hours. She
text: dives for the wireless and searches for another station.
text: She is satisfied when she hears the stenorian tones of Lord
text: Haw-Haw's nightly propaganda broadcast from Germany.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Quick! Lord Haw-Haw! He's
dialog: starting.
text: BILL scampers in. GRACE hovers by the door.
speaker_heading: LORD HAW-HAW (V.O.)
dialog: ..the soldiers like to wager
dialog: among themselves, what day will
dialog: the German army enter Moscow? One
dialog: thing is certain: much sooner
dialog: than anyone thought. From here in
dialog: Berlin, listeners in Britain, I
dialog: can give some very definite news.
dialog: There will be a bomber raid on
dialog: London tonight, the fourteenth
dialog: night in succession. Look out for
dialog: bombs if you live in Carshalton
dialog: or Croydon. There will be
dialog: incendiary attacks if you live in
dialog: Fulham and Hammersmith. And watch
dialog: out in Kew; be alert in
dialog: Walthamstow.
text: BILL looks at his mother, DAWN gets up and goes over to the
text: wireless, staring at it.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: That's us.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It's just German Propaganda.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: He always knows.
speaker_heading: GRACE
text: Half the time he's bluffing.
text: A moment of dread hangs over the room. GRACE summons her
text: resolve and bustles over to the wireless and snaps it off.
speaker_heading: GRACE
text: Bill, off to bed.
text: She gives him a shove towards the door to silence his
text: protest. She takes DAWN by the shoulder and presses her
text: into a chair and pushes her head into her homework.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - CHILDREN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Sirens are sounding, one after the other, some distant,
text: some close, then the one at the end of the street, like
text: dogs howling in the night waking other dogs. Three German
text: bombers, a Heinkel, a Dornier and a Stuka, fly in formation
text: across the black sky. GRACE appears behind the model
text: planes, which hang on threads from the ceiling, wakes BILL
text: and SUE and they stumble out of bed.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN'S HOUSE - STAIRS - NIGHT
text: GRACE leads BILL and SUE down the stairs. They sleep on
text: their feet in this familiar routine. DAWN is still dressed
text: below, playing dance records on the gramophone and
text: finishing homework.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: We better go to the shelter.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: They open the French windows and fierce wind cuts into the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: DAWN
text: It's freezing out.
text: GRACE hesitates, then closes the windows.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: They squeeze themselves into the tiny space under the
text: stairs, close the door and light a candle. BILL and SUE
text: complain irritably as they try to arrange their limbs. The
text: shoving and pushing wakes them up.
text: GRACE gives each of them a biscuit from a tin.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: What would we do if a German came
dialog: into the house?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Don't be silly, Dawn.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Well, why do you always bring the
dialog: carving knife in here?
text: DAWN picks up the knife, pretending to hear someone outside
text: the cupboard door. She presses her ear to the thin wooden
text: partition. BILL'S eyes bulge. He is half convinced. Even
text: GRACE looks uneasy. SUE, reacting automatically to crisis,
text: pulls on her red and white 'Mickey Mouse' gasmask. Suddenly
text: DAWN thrusts the knife through a crack in the boards. She
text: makes a blood curdling cry.
text: GRACE slaps her, amused, despite herself. BILL seizes DAWN
text: from behind and pulls her back on top of him. They writhe
text: and giggle. BILL cocks an ear.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Flak!
text: They are stock-still, straining to hear. He is right. The
text: anti-aircraft guns have started up. Their crisp 'crump'
text: sound gets closer and more frequent. Another separate sound
text: intrudes - falling bombs. The explosions are at regular
text: intervals, each one louder than the last.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Basket bombing
dialog: Counts between the bombs
dialog: Two and three and four and five
dialog: and six and..
text: The next bomb falls closer.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Why didn't I take you to the
dialog: shelter?
text: Her hands tough and caress the children, as though weaving
text: a protective charm over them.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: ...four and five and six and...
text: Another, louder still. They sit tense and straining every
text: muscle, willing the bombs away.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: If only I'd let you go to
dialog: Australia.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: ...and five and six and...
text: It is deafening, shaking the house.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: The next one is ours. Either it
dialog: hits us or it goes past us.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: ...and four and five...
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Please God. Not on us. Drop it on
dialog: Mrs. Evans. She's a cow.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: ...and six...
text: It drops, some way past them. They slump exhausted against
text: each other. A fire-engine bell approaches. The flask goes
text: on. DAWN gets up, untangles herself from the others.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I'm not going to die like a rat
dialog: in a trap. Let me out of here.
text: Staggers out of the cupboard.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I'm going outside.
text: BILL scrambles after her.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Wait. Don't.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: DAWN runs out. Searchlights criss-cross the sky. Anti
text: aircraft shells make little white puffs in the black sky,
text: the sound coming much later. Up the road, a house is
text: blazing. A fire engine swings by. ARP MEN run in the
text: street. DAWN dances in the tiny front garden.
speaker_heading: DAWN
text: Quick, quick.. slow, quick, slow.
text: BILL hesitates in the porch.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: It's lovely. Lovely. Does little
dialog: Billy want to see the fireworks?
text: BILL runs out, sees something by the kerb and picks it up.
speaker_heading: BILL
text: Shrapnel! And it's still hot.
text: He tosses it from hand to hand. At the far end of the
text: street, the skyline of central London is silhouetted
text: against a burning sky. GRACE suddenly laughs at the sight
text: of the burning house down the street. She is shocked at her
dialog: own reaction.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Come in at once, or I wash my
dialog: hands of you.
text: A shell bursts right overhead and they duck into the open
text: doorway. The four of them are framed there, looking up at
text: the savage sky where the Battle of Britain rages. BILL
text: watches enraptured.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CITY OF LONDON - NIGHT
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE
text: St. Paul's sites at the heart of the blazing city.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
speaker_heading: COLOUR
text: DAWN, in school uniform, rides off on her bicycle. BILL and
text: SUE come out with satchels and gasmasks. GRACE watches them
text: making their way along the street scarred and damaged by
text: the night's bombing. PEOPLE scratch in the rubble to
dialog: salvage their belongings.
text: BILL'S eyes are fixed on the ground searching from
text: shrapnel. Now and then he stops to retrieve a piece. SUE
text: dawdles along behind him, one foot in the gutter, the other
text: on the kerb.
text: BILL looks up as he hears a voice groaning from a bomb
text: site. SUE is now some way ahead. The street is suddenly
text: deserted. He looks back at the bomb-scarred house. The
text: front of the house is gone and flowery wallpapers are
text: revealed. The voice cries out again, a panting, rasping
text: moan. BILL ventures forward. Now a WOMAN'S VOICE, groaning.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Oh fuck... oh fuck... oh fuck...
text: A white hand and forearm stretch up from the debris. BILL
text: shifts position until he can SEE TWO HEADS, a MALE and
text: FEMALE, pressed against a mattress which is leaning against
text: a broken wall. He darts back on the street and looks for
text: help. The street is still deserted. He hesitates, then runs
text: up the street for all he is worth.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLYARD - DAY
text: BILL and SUE are late. They run into the yard where the
text: other children are already lining up in their respective
text: classes. The HEADMASTER is a wizened Welshman, too old for
text: military service. He struts up and down.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Dressing from the right!
text: He points an accusing finger at BILL.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Late! My study before prayers.
text: They shuffle into their correct spacing.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Eyes front! Keep still down
dialog: there, you little ones. It's
dialog: discipline that wins wars.
text: Inspects his troops.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Now quick march. Left... right...
dialog: left... right. Swing those arms.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: INT. HEADMASTER'S STUDY - DAY
text: BILL flinches and winces as the cane strikes his hand.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL ASSEMBLY HALL - DAY
text: The children are praying, eyes closed, hands joined. On the
text: dais, the teachers, mostly women, are lined up.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Oh God, bring destruction to our
dialog: enemies. Make these young one's
dialog: true soldiers of the Lord. Guide
text: Mr. Churchill's hand in the
text: cunning war.
text: Some of the boy's covertly swap pieces of shrapnel and
text: cigarette cards as the HEADMASTER'S tirade grows in
text: passion, but BILL is mesmerized and fearful of this daily
text: rhetoric. He blows on his hands, shakes them to alleviate
text: the pain inflicted by the caning.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Let our righteous shells smite
dialog: down the Messerschmitts and the
dialog: Fokkers.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: INT. HEADMASTER'S STUDY - DAY
text: BILL'S face, twisted in anxious anticipation, awaits the
dialog: next blow.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL ASSEMBLY HALL - DAY
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Lord, send troublesome dreams to
dialog: Herr Hitler. Let him not sleep
dialog: the sleep of the innocent. And
dialog: comfort our warriors at the
text: fronts. Brighten their swords,
dialog: burnish their bullets with your
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: INT. HEADMASTER'S STUDY - DAY
text: BILL jerks convulsively and grins as the cane connects.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL ASSEMBLY HALL - DAY
text: The HEADMASTER reaches a climatic peak, then is silent,
text: head sinking to his chest. He continues, very quietly.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: We beseech Thee, Oh Lord, to have
dialog: mercy on these Thy children.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: INT. HEADMASTER'S STUDY - DAY
text: BILL suffers another whack.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL ASSEMBLY HALL - DAY
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: We dedicate our studies this day
dialog: to the war effort.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY
text: BILL covertly shows the welts on his hands to his neighbour
text: as he and thirty other nice-year-old children are harangued
text: by a large red-faced woman, their TEACHER. She sprays a lot
text: of saliva as she speaks. A coloured linen projection of the
text: world is hung over the blackboard. She slaps it with her
text: cane, pointing to many countries .
speaker_heading: TEACHER
text: Pink... pink... pink... pink...
dialog: What are the pink bits, Rohan?
text: BILL stands up, still seeking balm for his hands - he has
text: them tucked under his armpits.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: They're ours, Miss.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Yes, the British Empire.
text: A boy, HARPER, sits in front row and is in saliva range.
text: Each time the TEACHER turns back to the blackboard, the boy
text: wipes his desk flamboyantly with a cloth, much to the
text: spluttering amusement of his classmates.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Harper, what fraction of the
dialog: earth's surface is British?
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Don't know, Miss.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Anyone?
text: A girl shoots up her hand. JENNIFER BAKER.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Two-fifths, Miss.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Yes. Two-fifths. Ours. And that's
dialog: what the war is all about. Men
dialog: are fighting and dying to save
dialog: the pink bits for you ungrateful
dialog: little twerps.
text: The pinched little faces find this notion difficult to
text: absorb. They stare back blankly at the British Empire. A
text: SIREN SOUNDS an air raid warning.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Books away! Scramble!
text: They grab their gasmasks and run from the class, cheering.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLYARD - DAY
text: The children swarm to the shelters, which are long narrow
text: concrete structures in sandbags to absorb blast.
scene_heading: INT. SHELTERS - DAY
text: The children file in mostly, laughing and chatting. There
text: are clattering duckboards on the ground affording cover
text: from an inch or two of water. Along each side of the
text: shelters are narrow benches. The children sit facing each
text: other. The HEADMASTER'S steel-studded boots hammer noisily
text: down the steps. He raises his arm high.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Gasmasks on!
text: They open up their cases and pull on their masks. The
text: HEADMASTER conducts their breathing,. Moving his arms up
text: and down to indicate a rhythm.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Slowly... in... out...don't
dialog: panic... in... out...
text: There is a HISSING SOUND as they inhale, then a RASPING
text: comic RASPBERRY as the air is pushed out of the sides of
text: the rubber masks.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: In... out... These masks are
dialog: given to us to filter away
text: abominations of the enemy.
text: He marches up and down in the narrow gap between the scabby
text: knees of children.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Now, nine times table. One times
dialog: nine is nine...
text: The children's muffled voices chant the multiplication
text: table rubbery GURGLING SOUNDS merge from the gasmasks.
text: Hidden behind his mask, BILL finally gives was to angry
text: tears. He sticks out his tongue as the HEADMASTER passes
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: HEADMASTER
dialog: Two times nine is eighteen...
dialog: (And so on)
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEHILL AVENUE - DAY
text: BILL and SUE turn into their street on their way home from
text: school, looking lifeless and dull, but their faces lights
text: up with excitement as the fifty-foot length of a BARRAGE
text: BALLOON suddenly rises from behind the houses to the
text: distant SOUND of CHILDREN CHEERING. They sprint into their
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DAY
text: BILL and SUE run through the hallway and into the living
text: room, scattering satchels, hats, gasmasks in their wake.
text: Their excitement is far too intense to explain to the
text: startled GRACE. They burst out through the French Windows
text: into the Garden.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - GARDEN - DAY
text: They run to the back fence. In the waste ground beyond the
dialog: garden, where a further row of house was to be built when
text: war intervened, BILL and SUE witness a TEAM of mostly
text: AIRWOMEN, (WRAFS) intent on launching the BALLOON Some
text: twenty WOMEN, each holding a tether, are paying out their
text: lines under the rhythmic commands of their LEADER. There is
text: a c able attached to the winch mounted on a TRUCK, and this
text: is wound out as the balloon rises. The balloon has a
text: comforting, humorous aspect, and the children laugh and
text: giggle as they watch.
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE
text: Like a school of basking whales, barrage balloons fill the
text: sky. It Is a newsreel of the Battle of Britain. A dramatic
text: scene follows: A DOG FIGHT between SPITFIRES and GERMAN
text: BOMBERS. A patriotic, punning commentary, pulsating music.
scene_heading: INT. CINEMA - DAY
speaker_heading: COLOUR
text: GRACE and her three children are glimpsed in their seats,
text: watching. BILL is totally engrossed, enthralled. Out of
text: habit, he simulates the engine noise of the planes and the
text: clutter of cannon fire.
text: Suddenly a caption is superimposed on the screen:
scene_heading: AIR RAID IN PROGRESS - YOU ARE ADVISED TO TAKE SHELTER.
text: GRACE leads them out. They shuffle up the aisle, dragging
text: their feet, watching over their shoulders as they go.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Can't we just see the end?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: They've got the real thing
text: outside.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It's not the same.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEHILL AVENUE - DAY
text: A number of PEOPLE have come out of their suburban gardens
text: and look up at the pale-blue-winter sky. GRACE, SUE and
text: BILL are among them.
text: A SQUADRON OF SPITFIRES is attacking a formation of GERMAN
text: BOMBERS. They are distant black dots high above the barrage
text: balloons. The planes WHEEL and DIVE and give a splendid
text: display of AEROBATICS. Being so high, there is almost no
text: sound of engines or cannon and the feeling of unreality is
dialog: heightened.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - FRONT GARDEN - DAY
text: One of the GERMAN PLANES is HIT as the PILOT leaps from his
text: burning plane and a PARACHUTE blossoms and checks his fall.
text: GRACE draws the children back into the corner of the house
text: as the PLANE CRASHES. They creep out again. The dog fight
text: continues but the German planes have lost formation and
text: dispersed. The battle has become straggly and is rapidly
text: disappearing from view. Meanwhile, the PILOT'S PARACHUTE
text: drifts ever CLOSER as he descends, causing great
dialog: excitement.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEHILL AVENUE - DAY
text: NEIGHBOURS run in the direction of the FALLING AIRMAN. Some
text: WOMEN carry garden forks and others pick up rocks on the
text: way. GRACE and the children hurry back into the house.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - GARDEN - DAY
text: They go out through the back gate to join an excited throng
text: of NEIGHBOURS.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING SITE - DAY
text: The PILOT drifts on to the wasteland where the barrage
text: balloon bravely flies. People rush in from all sides, as he
text: makes an elegant landing and gathers his parachute. A crowd
text: of women, children and OLD MEN encircle him. He looks no
text: more than twenty-years old. The crowd watches every move he
text: makes. They edge back as he reaches into his pocket. But it
text: is only a silk handkerchief that he pulls out. He wipes his
text: hands, puts it away. He moves to an empty oil drum and sits
text: on it. He crosses his legs and carefully lights a
text: cigarette. His affects the greatest nonchalance as he
text: smokes. A little way off a huge hoarding gives the
dialog: impression of the houses that were to be built on this
text: site, an idyll of suburban bliss. The PILOT looks at the
text: idealized family group on the poster and then at GRACE and
text: her children. He smiles ironically.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: England is so beautiful, and he
dialog: had to land here of all places.
text: Finally, a rather aged POLICE CONSTABLE arrives on the
text: scene. The onlookers thrust him forward. He advances a few
text: paces, the stops. Hesitating, quite at a loss. He looks at
text: the PILOT then back to the crowd. They egg him on.
text: Resolutely, the CONSTABLE pulls out his truncheon and steps
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE
dialog: Now then. Now then.
text: The German PILOT gets languidly to his feet. The POLICEMAN
text: Retreats a pace. A TITTER or two ripples through the crowd.
text: Encouragingly, the PILOT half raises his hands in the
text: 'stick-em-up' position, the cigarette held delicately
text: between the pale fingers. It is a taunting but oddly gentle
text: gesture. The CONSTABLE takes him by the arm and leads him
text: off. The crowd opens up to let them pass. As he does, DAWN
text: catches his eye and he winks at her. She gives him a
text: flirtatious smile. GRACE is horrified. She seizes DAWN and
text: forces her face against her own breast, hiding her gaze
text: from the lewdness of the enemy.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DAWN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: DAWN is bent over, looking between her legs at BILL as he
text: tries to draw a stocking seam up the back of her calf. He
text: must continuously lick the brown crayon. She holds a hand
text: mirror in such a way that she can see the progress of his
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: DAWN
text: It's crooked. Rub that bit out
dialog: and do it again.
text: She cuff's him and he resumes. He stops halfway up her
dialog: thigh.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Well, keep going. Don't stop now.
text: He goes higher, then hesitates again.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Nobody is going to see this far
dialog: up.
text: She leers at him.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Don't be so sure.
text: He blushes. She stands up and pirouettes, her flared skirt
text: swings out, exposing her knickers.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: When I jitterbug.
scene_heading: INT. DANCE HALL - NIGHT
text: DAWN, swinging as she jitterbugs with a young CANADIAN
text: SOLDIER, BRUCE. They are good. He hoists her over his
text: shoulder. They whirl and swirl. The music changes to a slow
dialog: waltz.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It was great for me, how was it
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: A bit too quick.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well. Now we can do it slow. Are
dialog: those some kind of stockings
dialog: you're wearing?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: They might be.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I mean, no suspenders. They just
dialog: kinda' disappear up your ass.
text: She slaps his face. He Holds up his hands in mock horror
text: and backs away.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Quit it. Help me someone. The
text: girl's beating on me.
text: Jeers and laughter from fellow CANADIANS on the dance
text: floor. DAWN turns and walks off, head in the air, but not
text: forgetting to wriggle her bottom as she goes. BRUCE grins
text: admiringly and stalks after her on tiptoe. His pals love
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE
text: A SPITFIRE is attacked by a GERMAN PLANE. The pilot twists
text: and turns away, trying to escape. The pilot is BILL! His
text: eyes bulge with fear as the enemy bullets rip into his
text: fuselage. The rat-a-tat of the gunfire wakes him up.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN'S HOUSE - CHILDREN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: COLOUR
text: BILL opens his eyes, and they alight upon his MODEL
text: SPITFIRE suspended on a thread over his bed. The cannon
text: fire gradually resolves into a TAPPING on the WINDOW.
text: Blearily he gets up and unlatches it. A Dishevelled DAWN
text: climbs through, threading her way between the model
text: airplanes hanging from the ceiling and stepping down over
text: the table on which BILL has his shrapnel collection spread.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Mind that shrapnel
text: DAWN thrusts a brass regimental hat badge in BILL'S face.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I'm starting my own collection.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: It's Canadian. Where'd you get
dialog: it?
text: She pockets it and creeps out of the door, smiling smugly.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DAWN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: DAWN pulls back the covers and slides into bed, fully
text: dressed. She is asleep as her head hits the pillow. A
text: distant SIREN starts-up,warning of an air-raid.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - GRACE'S BEDDROOM - NIGHT
text: GRACE is instantly alert as the SIRENS call to one another,
text: coming CLOSER. She throws on her dressing-gown, pulls on
text: her fur-lined boots, picks up the ever-packed bag at her
text: bedside and hurries out of the door.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - CHILDREN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: GRACE shakes BILL and SUE awake.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bill, Sue. Air-raid!
text: They tumble out of bed and into their dressing-gowns like
dialog: automata.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DAWN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: GRACE enters, shakes DAWN who does not respond. GRACE pulls
text: back the covers and is surprised to see DAWN fully dressed,
text: wearing make-up and with slightly crooked seams down the
text: back of her legs.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Dawn, what have you been up to?
text: DAWN murmurs her protest. GRACE pulls her out of bed, but
text: DAWN crawls back in.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I'm not going to that shelter.
dialog: I'd sooner die.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - STAIRS - NIGHT
text: BOMBS are already falling. GRACE switches on a light and
text: hurries down the stairs leading her two children through
text: the familiar routine. She calls back. BILL bumps down the
text: stairs, on his bottom, half asleep.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Dawn! Come down here!
text: Shew starts back up the stairs, but is halted by a BOMB
text: dropping close by. She runs down again, scoops up the two
text: little ones and heads from the living room.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: As they approach the French windows, another BOMB EXPLODES
text: very close by.
text: Before its sound is heard, there is a tremendous BLAST,
text: which rips off the blackout curtains and sends them
text: floating into the room. The WINDOWS are TORN OUT and most
text: of the fragmented glass hangs limply from the brown paper
text: that criss-crosses the panes for just this eventuality.
text: Every loose object is hurled inwards. The room light
text: flickers on and off and shell-bursts illuminate the room
text: from without. GRACE and the children are thrown back
text: against the wall, but before they hit it the process is
text: reversed and the blast is sucked out again. They are pulled
text: back towards the windows together with the glass and loose
text: fragments of the room. This all happens slowly as though
text: the room is filled with water and the windows were a
text: reversible sluice gate. SUE'S long blonde-hair is first
text: blown, then sucked across her face. Then comes the SOUND of
text: the EXPLOSION itself, Which seems to have the effect od
text: draining water from the room. The People and the bric-a
text: brac all drop to the floor, dead weights once more.
text: The children clutch their ears, SCREAMING. GRACE has one or
text: two cuts. She gathers up the children, spreading her blood
text: on them, and frightens herself, confused as to whom the
text: blood belongs. She wipes it away, crying out a desperate
dialog: prayer.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Please, God. Take me, but spare
dialog: them.
text: She carries SUE and drags BILL through the shattered French
text: windows, out into the garden and towards the Anderson
dialog: shelter.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - GARDEN - NIGHT
text: Two more BOMBS EXPLODE, further way, but still close enough
text: for the blast to force them off balance. They stumble and
text: fall, covering their ears against the pressure. They tumble
text: into the SHELTER, stepping into several inches of water.
text: The ack-ack keeps up the barrage, and the EXPLODING SHELLS
text: intermittently LIGHT UP the SKY. GRACE, mumbling Dawn's
text: name, clambers out of the shelter to fetch her.
text: GRACE sees DAWN coming down the garden. She looks dazed as
text: she staggers quite slowly with one arm wound around her
text: head. As she gets closer, GRACE sees that her eyes are
text: glazed and she is MOANING. GRACE leads her into the SHELTER
text: and covers her with a blanket. SUE is fast asleep already
text: in spite of everything. DAWN looks at her mother
text: accusingly.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: You don't care if I die. How
dialog: could you leave me there? Even if
dialog: you don't love me?
text: DAWN desperately wants her mother to take her in her arms,
text: but GRACE sits stiffly upright, unyielding.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Tell me the truth. You had to get
dialog: married, didn't you? Because of
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: The ideas you get in your head.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: That's why you never liked me.
dialog: I'm different from you. Well,
dialog: everything's different now, so it
dialog: doesn't matter. So there.
text: Finally DAWN bends forward and puts her head on her
text: mother's lap and cries, at first softly, the more bitterly.
text: GRACE holds her and rocks her at last. BILL watches this,
text: perplexed, as perhaps he always will be, by the complex
text: emotional interplay that passes between women.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: GRACE and DAWN are cleaning up the debris. Some plaster has
text: fallen and there is a pall of dust. They are singing
text: merrily, glad to be alive, to have survived the night.
text: Outside the front window, BILL and SUE can be seen, having
text: ventured out, eager to explore the damage done to Rosehill
dialog: Avenue.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEHILL AVENUE - DAY
text: BILL picks up shrapnel. Several houses have been damaged,
text: one heavily so. Outside this house, a handful of people has
text: gathered watching the ARP MEN as they comb through the
text: smouldering ruins. Two of them are working a stirrup pump
text: as they extinguish a small fire in a corner of a room. Some
text: children come up to BILL and SUE. They are flushed and
text: excited, bursting with news. One buy, ROGER, blurts it out.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Pauline's mum got killed.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: No, she didn't.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yes, she did, didn't she?
text: He appeals to his companions, particularly to a GIRL, JANE,
text: a little older than the others.
speaker_heading: JANE
text: Yes, she did. Killed stone dead.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You can ask her. Ask Pauline.
text: He points over at the ruined house, and sure enough there
text: is PAULINE, a girl of twelve. From time to time, a
text: silicosis NEIGHBOUR goes over to her, offering help, but
text: PAULINE shakes her head and looks away. She just's stands
text: there as though her mother has told her to wait on that
dialog: spot and not to talk to any strangers until she got back.
text: The children drift across towards her and stop a few feet
text: away. They stare intently, studying her face.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Isn't that right? You're mum got
dialog: killed last night?
text: PAULINE nods affirmatively. A BOY throws a miniature
text: parachute into the air. It opens up and drops neatly at
text: PAULINE'S feet.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: There you are. I told you.
text: He jabs BILL in the ribs, finding a physical vent for his
text: excitement. BILL lashes back at him with a violent anger
text: that scares and quells the other boy. The group falls
dialog: silent.
text: PAULINE steals glances at them out of the corner of her
text: eye. She is not a popular girl, careful and self-conscious,
text: and she cannot help enjoying this situation. She flushes.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Do you feel rotten, Pauline?
text: PAULINE shakes her head. The children move away from her
text: and start to fool around, scrapping and laughing, but when
text: they get back within a certain distance of PAULINE, they
text: grow quiet and move away again. BILL nudges SUE.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Go and ask her if she wants to
dialog: play.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Ask her yourself.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You do it. You're a girl.
text: SUE edges slowly towards her, not without nervous glances
text: back at her brother.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Pauline.
text: PAULINE does not deign to answer the little girl.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Pauline. Do you want some
dialog: shrapnel?
text: She has fragments in her hand. She offers then to PAULINE.
text: It is possibly part of the bomb that killed her mother.
text: PAULINE shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Do you want to play?
text: PAULINE shakes her head again. SUE goes back to BILL who
text: has been watching carefully at a distance. After a moment,
text: they turn back and walk home. ROGER sees another newcomer
text: approaching. He calls out.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Hey, Terry. Pauline's mum got
dialog: killed last night.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: She never.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: She did too.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: BILL and SUE enter, bursting with their news. GRACE'S
text: sister, HOPE, has come to help and so have MOLLY and MAC,
text: and a Neighbour, MRS. EVANS, on whom DAWN wished a bomb.
text: GRACE'S arm is bandaged, MAC is scoring panes of glass with
text: a diamond cutter. He has a dollop of putty. BILL is
text: immediately distracted and cannot resist kneading the
text: putty. DAWN brings in a tray of tea. They are all in high
text: spirits, almost festive. SUE tugs at her mother's skirt.
speaker_heading: SUE
text: Pauline's mummy got deaded.
text: GRACE'S attention is elsewhere. She does not hear.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You're lucky up here. The East
dialog: End's been burning for three
dialog: nights. Incendiaries.
text: DAWN hands the neighbour her tea.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Still not been hit, Mrs. Evans?
speaker_heading: MRS. EVANS
dialog: Touch wood.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: You had a near-miss the other
dialog: might.
speaker_heading: MRS. EVANS
dialog: I hear they're dropping diseased
dialog: rats on bomb sites.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: BILL found this tiny little
dialog: parachute. So that's what it was
dialog: for.
text: They all slurp their tea and talk at once. HOPE is dusting
text: the piano.
speaker_heading: HOPE
dialog: Is the piano all right, Grace? It
text: was knocked clean over.
text: GRACE goes over to it and opens the lid, runs her fingers
text: over the keys.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It seems to have survived.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Play something, Grace.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: We never used to sing much before
dialog: the war, did we? Not in daytime
dialog: anyway.
text: DAWN starts to sing 'Mareseatoats and Doeseaboats and
text: Littleambseativy' and GRACE picks it up on the piano. DAWN
text: dances around the room. There is something wild and
text: abandoned about her.
speaker_heading: MRS. EVANS
dialog: Dawn's come on fast.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: That's the war for you. Quick,
dialog: quick, quick.
speaker_heading: MRS. EVANS
dialog: Didn't I see you with a soldier,
dialog: Dawn?
text: It is just a teasing guess. She roars with laughter.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I'm just doing my bit for the war
dialog: effort.
text: GRACE stops playing.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I won't have this vulgar talk in
dialog: my house.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: It's only a joke, Mummy. I'm
dialog: fifteen. I'm still at school. I
dialog: want to be a nun when I grow up.
text: MAC goes over to GRACE. He picks up some sheet music from a
text: pile scattered on the floor. He selects a piece and props
text: it on the music stand.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Try and few bars of old Fred,
dialog: Grace.
text: GRACE is softened by his tone. Their eyes meet for a
text: moment. She turns the stool back to the keyboard and plays
text: Chopin, particularly poignant since the fall of Warsaw.
text: They listen with teary eyes. 'Mareseatoats and Doeseaboats
text: and Chopin. It is the spirit of the Blitz.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (whispering to Bill)
dialog: Tell them about Pauline's mum.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Not now. They wouldn't believe
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: STOCK FILM
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE
text: The Chopin continues over a scenes of bomb-ruined London,
text: desolate and devastated.
scene_heading: EXT. BOMBED SITE - EVENING
speaker_heading: COLOUR
text: A surreal landscape: a flight of stairs leading nowhere, an
text: exposed bathroom; a house entirely destroyed but for one
text: fragment of wall jutting up, and on it still hangs a
text: picture. BILL wanders among these wonders, scavenging. A
text: marauding gang of boys approaches. They spread out and move
text: up on BILL from all sides, trapping him. ROGER, the boy who
text: told of Pauline's mother's death, is among them and appears
dialog: to be their leader.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What are you doing here? This is
dialog: our territory
speaker_heading: BILL
text: Looking for shrapnel.
speaker_heading: A BOY
dialog: What you got?
text: Two of them grab BILL and wrench his fist open, extracting
text: a piece of metal.
speaker_heading: A BOY
dialog: Look, a detonator.
text: The others gather round, scrapping and shoving for a better
text: look, BILL'S arms are twisted behind his back and his eyes
text: are covered with a very dirty handkerchief. They take him
text: to a ruined house.
scene_heading: INT. RUINED HOUSE - DAY
text: The room has a brazier, table and chairs. They remove the
text: blindfold and he sees a wondrous sight, a collection of
text: bullets, shells and bomb fragments. ROGER slaps the shell
dialog: proudly.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Unexploded.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: You were spying.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I never was.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yes, you was. Make him talk.
text: They twist his arm. Several of the boys are smoking. One
text: takes a .303 Bullet and tightens in into an old vice fixed
text: to the table. BILL is fighting back the tears. ROGER leans
text: over BILL.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I know a secret.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: BILL
text: The Germans are dropping men on
dialog: bomb sites.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Who told you that?
text: They loosen their grip on his arm.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: My uncle's in the War Office. He
dialog: said, Don't go on the bomb sites.
dialog: "Boys are going missing all the
dialog: time."
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: They're not.
text: BILL has captured their attention. They release him.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: If you find them hiding, they cut
dialog: your throat. They have to, or
dialog: they'd get found out.
text: The boys begin to get nervous, glancing about them. The BOY
text: on the vice aims a nail at the top of the bullet,
text: brandishing a hammer in the other hand.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I wish one would come through the
dialog: door now.
text: He hammers the nail and the bullet EXPLODES, embedding
text: itself in the door. They jump out of their skins.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You want to join our gang?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I don't mind.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Do you know any swear words?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Say them.
text: BILL is stubbornly silent.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Well go on then. You can't join
dialog: if you can't answer.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I only know one.
text: They laugh derisively.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Well say that one then.
text: BILL cannot get himself to say it, try as he will. They
text: groan and jeer. BILL forces it out, the one that he heard
text: on the bomb site.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Fuck!
text: They fall respectfully silent, exchange covert looks.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: That word is special. That word
dialog: is only for something really
dialog: important. Now, repeat after
dialog: me... Bugger off.
speaker_heading: BILL
text: Bugger off.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Sod.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Sod.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Bloody.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Bloody.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Now put them together. Bugger
dialog: off, you bloody sod.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Bugger off, you bloody sod.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: OK. You're in.
text: He gets up, leading them out of the room.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Let's smash things up.
text: They go into a newly bombed house and, armed with stout
text: sticks and iron bars, indulge in an orgy of destruction.
text: ROGER has an air-gun and specializes in picking of light
text: bulbs. BILL is tentative at first, but the violence is
text: infectious. Pent-up aggression bursts and his is wilder and
dialog: worse than the others.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDER'S YARD - DAY
text: ROGER leads the way, clambering over a damaged wall and
text: dropping into an enclosed yard. The others tumble after him
text: and ROGER raises a warning arm and addresses the gang
text: solemnly.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: This is top secret.
text: He points to a corner where dozens of sign-posts, uprooted
text: from crossroads, have been piled against each other, their
text: arms spread out forlonly announcing the names of towns and
dialog: their distances.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: They pulled them up from all the
dialog: crossroads, so when the Germans
dialog: land they'll lose their way.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Won't they have maps?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: They'll have to go to a shop to
dialog: buy a map, stupid. Then they'll
dialog: give zemselves avay viz ze vay
dialog: zay tork.
text: One BOY starts to goose-step and sing.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Ven der Fuhrer says
dialog: Vis iss der master race,
dialog: Ve vart, vart, vart,
text: Right in der Fuhrer's face.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LANDING AD STAIRS - NIGHT
text: DAWN, watched by BILL, tiptoes down the stairs. She opens
text: the front door as silently as possible. Vera Lynn dispenses
text: sexy sentimentality on the wireless ('Sincerely Yours').
text: GRACE appears. DAWN is caught in the act.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: And where do you think you're
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Out.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You go to bed this minute and
dialog: take off that lipstick.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: No, I won't.
text: GRACE files at her, enraged, and slaps her head and face.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You wouldn't dare defy me if your
dialog: father was here.
text: DAWN covers her head with her arms until GRACE stops,
text: exhausted.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: If you've finished, I'm going.
text: She steps out of the door. GRACE grabs her, tearing her
text: blouse, and swings her back inside. They wrestle wildly,
text: both whimpering and moaning. BILL watches from above as the
text: fight imperceptibly transforms and mother and daughter are
text: finally hugging each other and crying.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I want him. I want him so much.
dialog: I'll kill myself if I can't have
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: There, there, my baby.
text: GRACE lets go and turns towards the living room where Vera
text: Lynn wails a lament.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Go if you want. What does it
dialog: matter? We might be all dead
dialog: tomorrow.
text: DAWN'S make-up is smudged, her clothes torn.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I can't go like this.
text: GRACE turns back and takes DAWN'S hand.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You better bring him home, if you
dialog: really love him. Don't kill love.
dialog: You'll regret it for the rest of
dialog: your life.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Who said anything about love?
scene_heading: EXT. BOMBED SITE - EVENING
text: The gang's H.Q. is even further improved. They have put in
text: some expensive furniture.
text: They have a wireless and a cocktail bar that opens to reveal
text: a nest of mirrors reflecting the bottles within. The gang
text: fool's around, in and out of the room, smoking and drinking
text: beer. A girl walks past, throwing them a flirtatious look. It
text: is PAULINE the girl who lost her mother in an air-raid. They
text: whistle and shout at her.
speaker_heading: BOY #1
dialog: Want to see our den?
speaker_heading: BOY #2
dialog: We got a bed.
text: They laugh bawdily and she turns up her nose. One of the boys
text: starts to wrestle with her. She starts to struggle. They pin
text: back her arms and try and kiss her. Her breasts push up
text: against her blouse like little apples. ROGER whispers
text: something in her ear. She protests.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Go on, Pauline. Be a sport.
speaker_heading: PAULINE
dialog: No, I won't. There's too many of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: One at a time.
speaker_heading: PAULINE
dialog: No, I won't.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I'll give you something.
text: He gets a box, opens it and shows it her. It is full of
text: looted jewelry, brooches, cheap bracelets. PAULINE is
text: delighted. She pokes around and chooses a necklace, puts it
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: PAULINE
dialog: All right. Line up.
text: They form a n orderly queue and PAULINE pulls up her skirt.
text: She holds her knickers open by the elastic so that it is
text: possible to look inside. The boys file past, each peering
text: inside her knickers for a second or two.
speaker_heading: BOY 2
dialog: I seen better.
text: BILL is on the end. As his turn approaches, his face is tense
text: with apprehension.
speaker_heading: PAULINE
dialog: It won't bite you.
text: They all laugh at his expense. Hi swings punches, flying in
text: all directions and they hits back. One or two land. They hurt
text: the recipients and they hit back. ROGER calls a halt.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Pack it in. It's time to smash
dialog: things up.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER BOMBED SITE - EVENING
text: The gang loot and pillage, smashing as they go. Behind a
text: piece of broken wall, BILL discovers a soldier and a girl
text: clasped together, the girl is pressed against a door. BILL
text: moves closer. The soldier fumbles with her clothing, but she
text: is so wild with passion that his efforts are impeded. BILL
text: registers the familiar gasps and cries that he is becoming
dialog: accustomed to hearing from the injured, the dying and the
text: coupling. The girl moves her head and her face becomes
text: visible over the soldier's shoulder. It is DAWN. She sees
text: BILL as he sees her. She mouths the words: 'Go away'. He
text: turns to shake and cry. He moves away, then on an angry
text: impulse picks up a stone and throws it. The soldier lets out
text: a cry. He turns revealing himself as BRUCE.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Fuck!
text: Hearing the sacred cry, the gang come running. They see BILL
text: hurling stones and quickly join in. BRUCE protests angrily
text: and throws a couple of rocks himself, but he is overwhelmed.
text: He protects DAWN from the onslaught and they flee.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Teach him a lesson. Think they can
dialog: come over here and take our women.
speaker_heading: BOY 2
dialog: Wasn't that your sister, Rohan?
text: BILL shakes his head, denying her.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: GRACE is cutting down a coat for SUE; BILL is reading a
text: comic, the Dandy; DAWN is darning stockings. The doorbell
text: SOUNDS and DAWN catapults from her chair to greet the
text: visitor. She returns with BRUCE, now evidently a welcome and
dialog: regular guest.
text: BILL throws friendly punches, one wild one catches him in the
text: crotch. He takes it bravely. He distributes largesse, a tin
text: of corned beef and a packet of tea for GRACE, chewing gum for
text: SUE, a model barrage balloon for BILL and a pair of nylons
speaker_heading: for DAWN.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You need suspenders for this kind.
text: She laughs, then holds the stockings against her skin in a
dialog: transport of sexual delight.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I'm going to cross my legs and make
text: that rustling noise.
text: Finally and dramatically, BRUCE pulls out a package in a
text: brown-paper bag. He gives it to GRACE. She opens it. It is a
text: piece of beef steak. GRACE is overcome.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Steak! I can't remember the last
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: crooning ironically
dialog: 'The last time I saw sirloin...'
text: GRACE holds the raw meat in her two hands and impulsively
dialog: kisses it.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Take it away. I know your husband's
dialog: been away a long time, but....
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Don't be so cheeky, Bruce.
text: He holds up his hands in supplication.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sorry, sorry. Too long in the
text: barrack room.
dialog: Itma has just ended and a programme has started up about the
text: evacuation of Dunkirk. Its tone is quasi-religious -
text: patriotic as it tells of the armada of little boats
text: heroically snatching the remnants of the British Army out of
text: the jaws of the Nazis. Churchill's voice booms out of the
dialog: wireless.
speaker_heading: CHURCHILL (V.0.)
dialog: If the British Empire lasts for a
dialog: thousand years, men will say, this
dialog: was their finest hour.
text: BRUCE has been horsing around with BILL, and all the time
text: DAWN devours him with her eyes.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Oh, do let's listen to this. I
dialog: never tire of listening to it. I
dialog: gives me goose pimples.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You haven't been taking your orange
dialog: juice.
text: The insolent sally gives DAWN the excuse to jump on him and
text: force him on to the sofa and into a respectful silence.
text: Stirring music punctuates the dramatic narration, which
text: celebrates the bravery of the soldiers fighting their last
text: ditch stand. BRUCE giggles.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Don't sound the Dunkirk I was at. I
dialog: saw no fighting. We did a lot of
dialog: running backwards, though. Then we
dialog: got to the beach and we couldn't
dialog: run no more. And Jerry just sat
dialog: there and let us alone. If he'd
dialog: come after us, boy
text: shakes his head and laughs as though it would have been the
dialog: funniest moment of the war.
dialog: We were beat so bad, discipline was all to Hell. We told the
dialog: soldiers to jump in the briny. There was no grub but we broke
dialog: into the wine stores, and everybody got smashed. When the
text: boats came, a lot of guys threw away their gear and filled
text: their kitbags with loot. One buddy of mine burst into a
text: jeweler's, his backpack was full of gold and silver. We had
text: to wade out to the boats and he was so heavy he couldn't haul
text: himself up. He slipped and sank like a stone.
text: He laughs again. The broadcast comes to its moving climax.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: How can you say such things? Can't
dialog: you hear what happened?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I was there.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: God laid his hand upon the waters
text: and they were still. The armada of
dialog: little boats brought their precious
dialog: cargo into safe havens. They lived
dialog: to fight another day.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: He who turns and runs away lives to
dialog: fight another day.
text: The inspiring, patriotic music, Elgar, wells up.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I don't care what you say. It
dialog: filled our hearts that day. The
dialog: little people stood up for once
text: against the tyrant. Stood up and
dialog: said no!
text: BRUCE impressed, despite himself. DAWN is quite affected too,
text: by her mother's deep feeling.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: That's how we put up with the
dialog: bombing and the rationing, because
dialog: of Dunkirk. Because of the spirit
dialog: of Dunkirk, and because of that we
dialog: shall never give in, never.
dialog: The Elgar continues into:
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL
scene_heading: BACK AND WHITE
text: A shot of troops being ferried from Dunkirk beaches by the
text: little boats. An open fishing boat is packed with soldiers,
text: mostly standing, while two men row. The soldiers begin to
text: sway and 'la-la' to the Elgar soundtrack. They are serious
text: and sombre, except for one, BRUCE, who is grinning.
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT:
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - CHILDREN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: COLOUR
text: BILL in bed, smiling and in his sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNKIRK - DAY
text: Back to BRUCE singing and smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEHILL AVENUE - DAY
text: CLIVE, leather helmet and goggles iced up, rides to the Rohan
text: House on a Norton motorbike. The street is snow-covered and
text: the road is covered in brown slush. BILL and SUE run out to
text: greet him. He dismounts painfully, his huge army greatcoat is
text: also rimmed with frost. His face is so stiff with cold that
text: he cannot crack a smile and presents an intimidating figure
text: to the children, who draw up short. When he speaks, he can
text: hardly form words. He staggers alarmingly from the stiffness
text: as he walks, and cramp in one leg makes him hop up and down.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: On the bike for five hours. Only
dialog: got a thirty-six hour pass.
text: He holds out his arms. They cower back, then turn on their
text: heels and scurry into the house, calling their mother.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CLIVE has changed into civvies and is soaking his feet in a
text: bowl of hot water. Tea has been laid and the family
text: assembled. They watch CLIVE warily. They have learned to live
text: without him and his reappearance has upset the new ballance.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Hand me my backpack, Bill.
text: BILL hands it to him and CLIVE proudly pulls out an un
text: labelled can and plants it firmly on the centre of tea table.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: And what's that?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Jam.
text: BILL and SUE jump for joy.
speaker_heading: BILL AND SUE
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: Jam! Jam! Jam!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Jam? What kind of jam? It's not
dialog: like any jam I know.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: German jam. It's German jam.
text: The table falls deathly silent. They stare at the can as
dialog: though it was a time bomb.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: It's all right. It came from a
dialog: German chip. It got sunk, and this
text: stuff washed ashore, crates of it.
dialog: Jam. Our fellows found it on the
text: beach, by the rifle range.
text: GRACE picks it up gingerly, turns it, searches the blank
text: silver-grey metal for a sign, a clue, a portent.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: We don't know anything about it
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Well, it's off ration. We know
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: How do we know they didn't plant it
dialog: there? They know we're mad on jam.
dialog: They could poison half the country.
text: CLIVE surveys the suspicious hostile faces. Angrily, he
text: seizes the can and jabs it clumsily with the paper opener.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Come away, children. I don't want
dialog: you to stand too close while he's
text: opening it.
text: They retreat to the corner of the room. CLIVE has it opened
text: and bends back the top to reveal a deep-red jam. GRACE
text: ventures forward and peers at it.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It looks....foreign.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Jam is jam! It's just jam!
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Well, I'm not having any. Even if
dialog: it's not poisoned. I don't think
dialog: it's right. It's not patriotic.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You don't like jam. You hate jam.
dialog: You never eat jam.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: That's not the point.
text: There is an impasse. They stare at it gloomily. CLIVE waves
text: grandly at the jam.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Taste it. Why don't you taste it?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You taste it.
text: The eyes turn on CLIVE. The situation forces their resentment
dialog: for one who has not shared in their hardships, who abandoned
text: them, in fact. The jam has become a test. He looks into the
text: faces of his family. Resolutely, he takes up a teaspoon,
text: picks up the can and begins to eat. Grimly and steadily he
text: ladles the jam to his mouth. They watch him carefully for
text: signs of pain. Before their doubts are dispelled, he has
text: consumed a third of the can. BILL is the first to crack.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Give us some, Dad.
text: CLIVE stops eating, puts the can back on the table and they
text: all dig in. The tension is dispelled. SUE climbs on CLIVE'S
text: lap and he feeds her himself. They laugh and chatter and
text: stuff bread and jam in their mouths.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You mean they let you go through
dialog: the officer training course and
dialog: then said you were too old for a
dialog: commission?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Why didn't they say that before you
dialog: started?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I wasn't too old when I started the
dialog: course. I was too old when it
dialog: finished.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What are you going to be then?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
text: A clerk. I'm doing a typing course.
dialog: I'll be typing for England.
text: GRACE goes to him, puts an arm around him.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Poor Clive. You wanted it so much.
text: He looks up at her, beaten, uncomprehending. She kisses him.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You're such a baby.
text: The DOORBELL SOUNDS. DAWN scoots out to answer it.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It's lovely jam. It's nearly as
dialog: nice as English jam.
text: CLIVE grins, quickly recovered from his bad moment.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You know what I always say? Jam is
text: jam, the world over.
text: DAWN reappears with BRUCE. CLIVE darts a querying look at
text: GRACE. He winces at the sight of his little girl looking up
text: adorningly at a Canadian soldier.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Bruce, this is my father. Dad, this
dialog: is Corporal Bruce Carey.
text: CLIVE laughs awkwardly, outranked.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Bruce, look! Dad got some German
dialog: jam.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: We thought it was poison.
text: They laugh. BRUCE looks at it with mock suspicion, then
text: tastes it with his fingertip. His eyes bulge and he clutches
text: his throat.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: The poison was at the bottom.
text: He falls to the ground in the most agonized convulsions. The
text: children scream with laughter and jump on top of him.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - KITCHEN STEPS - DAY
text: The kitchen door is open, admitting thin winter sunlight.
text: GRACE works within. Outside, CLIVE is cleaning his kit,
text: helped by BILL. Belt and gaiters are balanced and laid out to
text: dry. CLIVE is sitting on the steps, putting dubbin on his
text: boots, BILL polishing his father's hat badge, totally
text: absorbed in its beauty. GRACE appears, outs a hand on CLIVE'S
text: shoulder, closes her eyes, let's the sun caress her face.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: When do you think you'll get leave
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Not till Christmas, I don't
dialog: suppose.
text: SUE appears and sprawls herself across her father's lap.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I'm glad you didn't send them to
dialog: your aunt.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I've had a letter from her. They've
dialog: moved house.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Where to?
text: She smiles, eyes still closed.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Woolamaloo.
text: CLIVE splutters with amusement.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Not Woolamaloo?
text: BILL looks up, grinning.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Woolamaloo? We would have lived in
dialog: Woolamaloo?
text: CLIVE starts to sing the old music-hall song.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (singing)
scene_heading: W-O-O-L-A-M-A-L-O-O, oo.
dialog: Upon my word, it's true.
dialog: It's the way to spell
dialog: Woolamaloo.
text: They join in, in a ragged way, knowing it well.
speaker_heading: EVERYBODY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I bet you a dollar,
dialog: There isn't a scholar,
dialog: To spell it right first go, O,
scene_heading: W-O-O-L-A-M-A-L-O-O, Loo-O
text: DAWN comes through the kitchen with MAC and MOLLY, who find
text: the Rohans in good spirits. There are arm greetings all
dialog: round.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEHILL AVENUE - DAY
text: BILL is giving his father and MAC a tour of the bomb damage.
text: He picks his way expertly through the rubble, and they
text: clamber after him.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What kind of war is this Mac? Up
dialog: there in Cumberland, we never see
dialog: an air-raid. The worst problem I
dialog: have is getting a new typewriter
dialog: ribbon. When I rode in against the
dialog: Turks, I knew what it was about.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Did you? You thought you did. We've
dialog: been gypsed, all our lives. Look at
dialog: your street.
text: They pause, looking out of a shattered window on the street.
text: It is a monotonous row of semi-detached houses, lying between
text: other identical rows, now pocked with bomb damage, drab and
dialog: dreary.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Rosehill Avenue. No roses. No hill.
dialog: And it's certainly not an avenue.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You need trees for an avenue.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: There was talk of planting some
dialog: when we first came.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Propaganda. We've been had.
text: They fall silent, watching BILL as he greets some other boys.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: How's your war, Mac?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Never done better. On the fiddle.
dialog: Like everyone else.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Except the servicemen.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Naturally.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I don't understand. Is there any
dialog: point to it?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: There is all right. This Hitter
dialog: fellow. We've got to winkle him
dialog: out. And get shot of some of our
dialog: lot at the same time.
text: They watch BILL rooting about in the rubble.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Look at how wild the boy's got. As
text: for Dawn. Sixteen, going around
text: with a soldier.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Keep and eye on them for me, Mac,
dialog: there's a pal. I've made a mess
dialog: of it all.
text: (his voices cracks. A
text: sob wells up.)
dialog: I've been such a bloody fool.
text: BILL has come up behind them and watches covertly. MAC clasps
text: CLIVE in his arms.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You always were, Clive. Steady the
dialog: Buffs.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Bugger the Buffs.
text: Cries and shouts come from the street. BILL swings across a
text: crater on a dangling electric cable and scrambles into the
text: road. There is panic and pandemonium. The local barrage
text: balloon's fins have punctured and it has lost stability. It
text: is careering wildly like a kite out of control. CLIVE and MAC
text: clamber into the street as the balloon skims across the sky,
text: its steel cable shearing a chimney stack which tumbles down
text: onto the front garden sending people scattering in all
text: directions. BILL runs up, mad with excitement, as SUE and
text: DAWN come out of the house with GRACE and MOLLY and look up.
text: CLIVE sprints across to them.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Take cover! We're being attacked by
dialog: our own balloons!
text: They take no notice of his entreaty, curiosity getting the
dialog: better of them.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: It's having a nervous breakdown.
text: She giggles. The balloon bumps on the rooftop then shoots up
text: into the sky again. GRACE starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It's so wonderful.
text: CLIVE earnestly dashes back and forth, wanting to do
text: something, but completely unable to decide what.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Don't panic!
dialog: (goes over to Mac)
dialog: Keep your head!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I will if you will!
text: The balloon does a fat little waltz in the sky. CLIVE
text: suddenly explodes with laughter. DAWN has SUE in her arms.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: He just got fed up with all the
text: other boring old barrage balloons
dialog: and decided it was time to have
dialog: some fun.
text: Two ARP MEN run down the street, urging people to go inside.
text: The family retreat grudgingly towards their house, but hover
text: in the front garden watching and laughing. Six HOME GUARDS
text: march into Rosehill Avenue at the double. The balloon has
text: risen into the sky and the people are drawn out again into
text: the street, looking up. The HOME GUARDS come to a halt and
text: raise their rifles.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Boo! Leave it alone!
text: The balloon suddenly plunges down towards the street,
text: scattering the HOME GUARDS. Women SCREAM and everyone dashes
text: for cover again. BILL laughs derisively.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: They're scared of old fatty.
text: The GUARDS form up again and fire at the balloon. It bursts
text: into flames. The shreds of burning cloth, followed by the
text: spiralling cable, plunges into the street. There are cries if
text: regret and the family and others step forward to inspect the
text: smouldering remains with the same sadness that is felt at the
text: end of a firework display.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Why did they have to go and do
dialog: that?
scene_heading: INT. W.V.S CENTRE - DAY
text: A make-do-and-mend session, where clothes are exchanged,
text: repaired, altered and cut down. It is swarming with women and
text: children. MOLLY and GRACE rummage among the racks of
text: clothing. SUE and BILL, bored and resigned, are obliged to
dialog: try on items of used clothing.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: God, how I hate all this scrimping
dialog: and squalor.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I don't mind it. It was harder
dialog: before the war. Trying to keep up
dialog: appearances. Now it's patriotic to
dialog: be poor.
text: In the absence of men, women are everywhere stripping down to
text: their underwear to try on the clothes. BILL tries not to
text: watch, acutely embarrassed.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I don't know how you cope, Grace.
dialog: Three kids, army pay. On your own.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You know something, Molly? I like
dialog: it on my own. I never got used to
dialog: sharing a bed, not really.
text: MOLLY pulls of her dress and suddenly, inches from BILL'S
text: face, are those mysterious few inches of white suspendered
text: leg between the stocking-tops and the camiknickers.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I love a man in bed, the smell of
text: him, the hairiness rubbing against
dialog: you, the weight of him. And when
dialog: they do it to you in the middle of
dialog: the night and you don't know if
dialog: you're dreaming or it's really
dialog: happening to you. That's the best.
dialog: No guilty feelings. Not that I
dialog: should have any, wide awake.
text: MOLLY pulls on a flowered silk dress that clings to her
text: figure. She smooths it out.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Molly!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Well! I'm not talking about Mac. He
dialog: hasn't toughed me for ages. And not
dialog: often ever. My life started when
dialog: Mac went on nights.
text: She dissolves in a fit of giggles. GRACE helps SUE with a
text: sensible navy-blue coat. It is heavy and dull. SUE doesn't
text: like it. Her face creases and tears well up.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You're having me on, Molly.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Am I? Maybe I am.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You've been drinking. Your tipsy.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Tipsy, topsy, turvy.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - CHILDREN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: BILL and SUE each have a torch, which serve as a searchlight.
text: BILL smokes a woodbine and he blows the smoke around the
text: suspended model aircraft.
text: Spitfires, Hurricanes, Messerschmitts, Heinkels are picked
text: out in turn. As they appear,BILL simulates their engine
text: noise. With considerable dexterity, he uses his free hand to
text: fire his ack-ack guns, and papier-mache pellets, pre-soaked
text: in ink, fly through the air. BILL animates a distressed plane
text: plummeting to earth. His triumph is interrupted by a TAP at
text: the window. Expertly he dogs his Woodbine then goes to the
text: window. He opens it and DAWN steps through. He is about to
text: close it after her when BRUCE'S face appears. BILL lets fly
text: an ink pellet catching BRUCE square on the forehead. DAWN
text: holds up a threatening hand and the children shrink back as
text: BRUCE clambers in. The two of them tiptoe into the next
text: bedroom, DAWN throwing a warning glance over her shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LANDING - NIGHT
text: BILL and SUE share the keyhole, which affords a partial view
text: of Dawn's bed. Complicated combinations of limbs cross the
text: field of view, offering a tantalizing version of events
text: within. The children give up and return to their room,
text: whispering.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I suppose they're still learning,
dialog: that's why they keep moving about.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It's easy. I've done it.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Who with?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Pauline.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Liar. Mummy keep still and Daddy
text: moves on top of her. That's what
dialog: they do when they know how.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DAWN'S ROOM - NIGHT.
text: BRUCE turns on his back with a deep sigh of satisfaction.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Boy, that was some air-raid.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Air-raid?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Didn't you feel the house rock? You
dialog: must have seen all those shell
dialog: bursts.
text: She sticks the pillow in her mouth to stop laughing. BRUCE
text: turns and whispers in her ear.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Let's get married. We'll live in
dialog: Montreal. I'll teach you French. Je
dialog: t'aime, mon petit chou.
text: Even when he's serious, his manner is teasing.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Don't get smoochy. You'll spoil it.
text: She is genuinely irritated.
speaker_heading: FILM EXTRACT
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE
text: A scene from a forties romantic movie. The couple on the
text: screen are deeply in love, but he must go off to the war.
text: Their parting is bitter-sweet, prolonged and accompanied by a
text: symphony orchestra playing its heart out.
scene_heading: EXT. CINEMA - NIGHT
speaker_heading: COLOUR
text: MAC sits between MOLLY and GRACE. He looks from one to the
text: other. They are both weeping,
text: lost in the movie, and oblivious of him. SUE sleeps, lying
text: across her mother's lap. BILL squirms with embarrassment as
text: the screen lovers kiss. He turns his face away. When he looks
text: back, he is disgusted to see that they are still at it.
scene_heading: EXT. NATIONAL GALLERY - DAY
text: BILL leans over to the balustrade of the pillar portico
text: looking out on to Trafalgar Square. The strains of a
text: passionate piano recital reverberate from inside the Gallery.
text: Soldiers and their girls, hand in hand, listen enraptured.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAFALGAR SQUARE - DAY
text: Barrage balloons hang over Admiralty Arch and garland Nelson
text: astride his column.
scene_heading: EXT. NATIONAL GALLERY - DAY
text: BILL threads his way through the crowd, past signs announcing
text: Dame Myra Hess's lunchtime concerts (SOLD OUT) and into the
text: marbled hall.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL GALLERY - DAY
text: BILL slides back into his seat next to GRACE as DAME Myra
text: concludes the WARSAW Concerto. The audience rises to its
text: feet, applauding, GRACE, he eyes shining, is among them. MAC
text: watches her pleasure with pleasure.
text: BILL is disturbed by the music, by the eruption of emotion
text: and some wearing blue uniforms demoting the war wounded. They
text: clap and clap.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Mac, that was wonderful. I haven't
dialog: been to a concert since...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: ...since I used to take you to the
dialog: Proms?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: That's right. Not since then Not
dialog: since I got married.
text: Their eyes meet. The audience is drowning in it own applause.
text: Everyone is crying, or laughing, or both. GRACE and MAC among
text: them. In the emotional tumult they reveal more than they
text: intend. The audience falls silent. BILL'S gaze drifts to the
text: wall where huge paintings by special war artists hang. GRACE
text: tears her eyes away from MAC. She senses BILL watching her
text: and turns her attention to Dame Myra's fingers flying over
dialog: the keys.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: The table has been stretched to embrace the Rohan family,
text: including GRACE'S SISTERS. They wear paper hats, have
text: finished their Christmas dinner, and are listening
text: attentively to King George VI stuttering painfully through
dialog: his Christmas message.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEHILL AVENUE - DAY
text: It is raining. BRUCE hurries along the street, and as he
text: enters the Rohan's front gate, he pauses, pulls an old silk
text: stocking over his head and takes two glass eyes from his
text: pocket. They look as though they once belonged to a stuffed
text: stag. He pushes them inside the stocking and positions them
text: just under his own eyes so that he can peek over them. He
text: crawls under the bow window.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: The King falters to a conclusion.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: He was a lot better this year.
text: MAC and the others mumble agreement.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You said that last year, Dad.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: The land and the King are one, my
dialog: son. If he stutters we falter. He's
dialog: getting batter, and so are we.
text: The National Anthem strikes up on the wireless. They all rise
dialog: and stand to attention.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - DAY
text: BRUCE raises his head and presses his grotesque face to the
text: window. He taps on the glass. He is startled to see the
text: assembled family standing upright and staring back at him
text: without expression. He cavorts and waves his arms, but still
text: gets no response. Sheepishly, he slinks into the porch and
text: pulls off the stocking. The door opens to reveal DAWN.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Dad's furious. It was 'God Save The
dialog: King'.
text: He goes inside and she closes the door. He pushes the stag's
text: eyes into his own sockets and scrunches up his face to grip
text: them into place. DAWN turns back and he lunges, trying to
text: kiss her. She squeals wit laughter.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: A charade is in progress. CLIVE and MAC are got up as
text: prostitutes, wearing their wives' clothes. GRACE and MOLLY
text: are dressed as men. There is a lot of salacious flirting and
text: an argument breaks out over the price of whores. MOLLY says
text: the word 'tart' emphatically and BILL jumps out of his seat,
dialog: yelling:
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Jam tart! Jam tart! I got it! I got
dialog: it!
text: The four actors abandon their characterizations and applaud
text: young BILL. BRUCE watches in amazement.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Jesus Christ! This is Christmas?
text: GRACE'S father rises, his glass held aloft.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: The for my annual toast. Charge
dialog: your glasses.
text: There are groans and mutterings of disapproval. He cuts an
text: impressive figure,white hair, drooping moustache, waistcoat
text: and watch-chain. His eyes take on a faraway look, sombre and
text: serious. His wife, pointedly leaves the room, slamming the
text: door behind her.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: To Mary McDonald, Thelma
dialog: Richardson, Bobo Hinds, Lily
dialog: Sanderson...
dialog: (savours each name,
text: smiles, shakes is head,
dialog: has a special emphasis
dialog: or tone of voice for
dialog: every one of them.)
dialog: ...Little Sarah Whats-it, now
dialog: there was a spirit. And Marjorie
dialog: Anderson.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Father, that's enough now
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: And...and...Henry Chapman's girl,
dialog: was it Thelma? No, I can see those
dialog: cornflower eyes...I've lost your
dialog: name, my sweetness.
text: Tears come to his eyes. He falters. There are cries of
text: 'shame'. HOPE, GRACE'S sister, jumps to her feet.
speaker_heading: HOPE
dialog: Do we have to listen to this
dialog: nonsense every year? You're drunk,
dialog: Dadda. Sit down.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: ...Betty Browning...Betty, let me
dialog: tell you something. I'm seventy
dialog: three years old, I've seen half the
dialog: wonders of the world and I never
dialog: laid eyes on a finer sight than the
dialog: curve of Betty Browning's
dialog: breasts...
text: raises his glass again
dialog: My girls Dead you may be, or old and withered. But while I
dialog: live, I will do you honour to the last. Bless all of you.
text: He drinks and slumps down into his chair, overcome with
text: melancholy. Only MOLLY applauds and only DAWN looks
text: sympathetic. BILL taps his grandfather's knee.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It was Sheila, Grandpa.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE looks up sadly.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Henry Chapman's daughter. It was
dialog: Sheila. I remember her from last
dialog: year.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: So it was. Sheila. This boy will go
dialog: far.
text: BILL turns away to DAWN, stifling his giggles.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I made it up!
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: DAWN and BRUCE kiss goodbye in the porch. She pulls away,
text: sensing something amiss.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: What's wrong?
text: He looks away, unhappy and awkward.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: We're not supposed to say, but
dialog: we're being shipped out tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I don't know?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: You do, you do. You're just not
dialog: saying.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I swear I don't know.
dialog: (offers her a little
dialog: box)
dialog: Here's your Christmas present.
text: She opens it. A diamond ring. She gasps, then trusts it back
text: at him angrily.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: You expect me to spend the rest of
text: the war sitting at home staring at
dialog: a ring? And you'll meet some French
dialog: girl who can speak your own
dialog: language. No thank you!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Please yourself.
text: BRUCE hurls the little box into the next-door bomb site and
text: storms off into the night. DAWN slams the door.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: DAWN buries her head in a cushion, crying and wailing. Only
text: MAC and MOLLY of the guests remain, and they are playing
text: cards with CLIVE and GRACE. GRACE goes to comfort DAWN.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What is it, pet?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: He's being posted. I was terrible
text: to him.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Don't leave it like that. Go after
dialog: him. Swallow your pride.
scene_heading: EXT. ARMY CAMP - DAY
text: CLIVE and DAWN riding pillion, pull up at the Guard House on
text: his old Norton. DAWN slides down and hurries to the Guard
text: House. CLIVE props up the bike and follows her. A convoy of
text: trucks pulls out of the gate. Soldiers lean out of the back
text: of the lorries, cheering and whistling when they see DAWN.
scene_heading: INT. GUARD HOUSE - DAY
text: The SERGEANT of the Guard sits toasting his toes on a coke
text: stove. DAWN addresses CLIVE as he enters.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: We've missed them. They've gone.
dialog: (turns back to the
dialog: Sergeant)
dialog: Can't you tell me where? You can
dialog: see I'm not a spy.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: I would if I could, but I can't.
text: He points to a wall on which two posters are pinned. One
dialog: says 'Careless talk costs lives, the other, ' Walls Have
text: Ears'. DAWN is shattered. CLIVE puts his arm about her.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: He'll write as soon as he can.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Sure, he will. You'll meet again
dialog: (sings)
dialog: don't know where,
dialog: don't know when.
dialog: But in the meantime, I am free
dialog: tomorrow night.
text: CLIVE leads her out. A sprig of mistletoe hangs over the
text: door. DAWN rips it down and flings it back at the SERGEANT.
text: It hits him square in the face.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - PORCH - DAY
text: CLIVE is packed up, ready to go. The family has come to bid
text: farewell, all except BILL, who suddenly appears with a
text: triumphant whoop.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I found it! I found it!
text: He hands the little ring box to DAWN. She opens it and looks
text: at the ring, but does not put it on her finer. CLIVE and
text: GRACE watch tenderly.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: You needn't have bothered, Bill.
text: They watch CLIVE as he rides away. Behind them, the Christmas
text: tree can be seen in the window. As they turn to go in, GRACE
text: looks warily at DAWN.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: That letter this morning, was it
dialog: from Bruce?
speaker_heading: DAWN nods.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: He said I was right. I shouldn't
dialog: wait for him. I was better to make
text: a clean break.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I think it's very sensible in the
dialog: circumstances.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Now he's gone and made me fall in
dialog: love with him, which I never wanted
dialog: to do. I told him that.
text: She runs into the house and up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. SEASIDE RESORT - DAY
text: GRACE, MAC, BILL and SUE are finishing a frugal picnic on the
text: beach. They are muffled up against the nip of early spring.
text: The sand is criss-crossed with pointed iron spikes and coils
text: of barbed wire. Curt signs warn against mines and other
text: hazards. BILL and SUE start to play happily and messily in
text: the sand. In the distance, they hear MUFFLED, deep-throated
scene_heading: EXPLOSIONS.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: MAC
text: Big Berthas, shelling France.
dialog: Twenty-five-mile range, they have.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Wow!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: They send over a few every day, to
dialog: let them know we're still here.
dialog: Each shell costs as much as a Ford
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Who pays for them?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We will, you will, for the rest of
dialog: our lives?
text: BILL gets out a rubber ball, and spins it in is fingers.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Remember this beach, Mac? All those
dialog: summers. Out two families,
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Happy days.
dialog: (watches Bill's efforts
dialog: with the ball)
dialog: When you're bigger, Bill, I'll
dialog: teach you the googly.
text: BILL smiles a secret smile.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Thanks.
text: GRACE starts to sing.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: There'll be blue birds over,
dialog: The white cliffs of Dover...
text: MAC and the children join in. BILL practices his spin, finger
dialog: and wrist.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ...tomorrow.
dialog: Just you wait and see...
text: Another CRUMP from Big Bertha.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: There goes another Ford 8, Uncle
dialog: Mac.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILWAY - NIGHT
text: The train is unlit to comply with the blackout, the only
text: illumination being as the fire-box door of the loco opened.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Moonlight flickers intermittently into the compartment,
text: lending a jerky, monochrome quality to the scene. SUE sleeps,
text: thumb in mouth. BILL dozes in the corner of the compartment.
text: GRACE and MAC sit side by side.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Mac, did you ever find out who
dialog: Molly went off with?
speaker_heading: MAC
text: A Polish pilot. It's like one of
dialog: those jokes on the wireless.
text: He stares out of the window, the pale broken light making
text: patterns on his face.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You miss her. I know you do.
text: He smiles ruefully.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: She said, 'I know you love me, Mac,
dialog: but you've never loved me enough.'
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Not loving enough. That is a
dialog: terrible thing to do to someone. I
dialog: suppose I did it to Clive. Always
text: held something back.
text: BILL stirs and fidgets, half hearing, squinting through
text: drooping lids. MAC and GRACE lower their voices further
text: whispering.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: It's all better left unsaid, Grace.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You were never apart, you and
dialog: Clive. He kept asking and asking.
dialog: And I waited and waited for you to
dialog: say something. And you never did.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Clive had a job. I didn't. I
dialog: couldn't.
text: They fall silent. GRACE smiles ruefully.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: He could always make me laugh.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We did the decent thing.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: This war's put an end to decent
text: things. I want to close my eyes and
dialog: jump and give myself for once, hold
dialog: nothing back.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We can't change what's past. Not
dialog: even the war can do that.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: We did all the proper things, and
dialog: we lost love. That's sad, Mac.
text: Their eyes meet and acknowledge what might have been, of
text: happiness accidentally missed.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: If I saw this at the pictures, I'd
dialog: be crying my eyes out, but I can't
dialog: shed a tear for myself.
text: In the pale half-light, they seem young and innocent. He
text: takes her hand. They almost kiss. But for children, they
text: would. Finally, MAC turns away and looks out at the dark,
text: heavy shapes of the approaching city.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEHILL AVENUE - NIGHT
text: As GRACE, MAC, BILL and SUE turn into the avenue, they see a
text: house burning. It is theirs. When they get closer, they see
text: it is gutted and the roof has collapsed. The firemen have
text: hoses trained on it, but it is too hot to get into the front
text: door. GRACE'S first thought is for her Daughter.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Dawn! Dawn!
text: DAWN is with a knot of neighbours, watching the blaze. GRACE
text: is so relieved to see her that she smiles and becomes quite
text: tranquil.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Thank God you're safe.
text: The FIRECHIEF approaches her.
speaker_heading: FIRECHIEF
dialog: Was this your house, madam?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I didn't know there was a raid.
speaker_heading: FIRECHIEF
text: It wasn't a bomb, just afire.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What do you mean, a fire?
speaker_heading: FIRECHIEF
dialog: It happens in wartime as well, you
dialog: know.
text: MAC is shattered. He puts an arm round GRACE. She throws him
text: a look, haunted with guilt, and she moves away to console her
text: children, who watch the blaze impassively.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I just wished I'd worn my nylons.
text: GRACE suddenly seized by a dread thought. She runs to the
speaker_heading: FIRECHIEF.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: My ration books are in there.
text: She makes a wild dash at the house, but MAC and the
text: neighbours restain her. BILL remains next to the FIRECHIEF.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: My shrapnel collection should be
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: FIRECHIEF
dialog: Oh yes, I should think so.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHAN HOUSE - DAY
text: Mac's car drives up to the charred ruins of the house. GRACE
text: and the children get out. ROGER and his gang are already
text: looting. BILL charges ROGER and punches him in the face. They
text: fall and roll in the wet ashes. The bigger boy is so taken
text: aback by BILL'S ferocity that he cannot gain an advantage.
text: MAC stops GRACE from interfering, understanding the boy's
dialog: need.
text: PAULINE has appeared and smiles knowingly as she watches.
text: Other children gather. ROGER picks himself up and the gang
text: beats a retreat.
scene_heading: INT. ROHAN HOUSE - DAY
text: GRACE, MAC, DAWN and SUE join BILL in the house and scratch
text: among the debris to see what can be salvaged.
scene_heading: EXT. ROSEHILL AVENUE - DAY
text: They ferry bit and pieces to the car. GRACE discovers the
text: charred remnants of a photo album. There are pictures with un
text: burnt fragments and she carries it carefully to the car.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Mac, look! Some of the snaps are
dialog: saved.
text: It is open at the picture of the two families at the very
text: beach they visited yesterday. It is burned around the edges,
text: only MOLLY and CLIVE are unscathed and they smile happily.
text: GRACE and MAC look at it then at each other. It feeds their
text: guilt. The neighbours gather and awkwardly try to express
text: their sympathy. MRS. EVANS arrives with some clothes.
speaker_heading: MRS. EVANS
dialog: This coat should fit you Grace. And
dialog: here are some things for Dawn. And
text: a few bits for the kitchen.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Thank you, Evelyne.
text: BILL is acutely embarrassed. He catches PAULINE'S smirking
text: look. He fights to hold back the tears, but finally fails.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It's only a house. We still have
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I don't care about the house, I
dialog: just hate all these people watching
dialog: us and being nice.
scene_heading: EXT. THE THAMES RIVERSIDE - DAY
text: Carrying GRACE and the three children, MAC's car draws up on
text: the towpath facing an island on which is a number of wooden
text: bungalows with verandas decorated in fretted scroll work.
text: Neat lawns slope down to the river's edge where varnished
text: punts and skiffs like sleekly tethered. GRANDFATHER GEORGE
text: has spotted them and he rear-sculls his dinghy across the
dialog: water to fetch them.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
text: Coming. Coming. Deliverance is at
dialog: hand. All will be well.
text: GRANDMOTHER comes down from the bungalow to the edge of the
text: river and waves encouragingly. BILL is captivated by the
text: river. Moorhens thread through the tendrils of weeping
text: willow. As electric slip launch is moored where they wait. He
text: strokes its glassy varnish. MAC unloads the boot of the car.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Another world, eh Billy? And not
text: twenty miles from Picadilly.
text: GRACE comes alongside DAWN and waves her mother on the far
text: bank, only forty yards away. DAWN glances nervously at GRACE.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Are you strong enough for another
dialog: shock? You're going to be a
dialog: grandma.
dialog: (waves across the river
dialog: at her own
dialog: Grandmother.)
dialog: Hello, Grandma.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE docks his craft expertly and lassoes a
text: mooring post. GRACE lets out an hysterical cry.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I don't believe this is happening
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: It's not. It's happening to me.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
speaker_heading: responding to GRACE
text: It's only a house, and a ghastly one at that. They should all
text: be burned and bombed and the builder hanged.
text: MAC and GRANDFATHER GEORGE load the family's few possessions
text: on the boat.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What did I do to deserve this?
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: You married that fool, Clive,
dialog: that's what. Never mind, you can
dialog: stay with us.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (to Dawn)
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Three and a half months.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: As long as that? Well, all right.
dialog: Why not? It's nearly summer. Let
text: the nippers run wild.
text: The children have got into the boat. GRACE turns to MAC and
text: kisses him awkwardly.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bless you, Mac. What would I have
dialog: done without you?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: You might still have a house.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: I wish it could all have been
dialog: different.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Look after yourself, Grace.
text: He watches them as they cross the river, conscious of the gap
text: widening between himself and GRACE.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Everything I have left in the world
dialog: is in this little boat.
text: BILL studies GRANDFATHER GEORGE's sculling technique.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Can I try?
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Put your hand on mine, get the
dialog: knack of it.
text: BILL holds the gnarled old hand and moves in unison.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: I shall teach you the ways of the
dialog: river. Another year in that awful
dialog: suburb and you would be past
dialog: saving. Look, they're coming this
dialog: way! The future on the march. I
dialog: curse you, Volt, Watt and Amp.
text: Looming over GRANDFATHER GEORGE's bungalow is a newly
text: constructed electric pylon.
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW - BILL'S AND DAWN'S BEDROOM - DAWN
text: BILL wakes, looks at the river.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - DAWN
text: A grey dawn light touches the mist lying over a glassy river.
text: BILL comes down out of the house and stands at the edge of
text: the water: not a breath of wind, not a soul stirring. He
text: slips out of his grandfather's voluminous pajama pants.
text: Delicately, he lowers himself into the river, careful not to
text: crack the perfect smoothness of the water. He slides slowly
text: in until only his head is showing. He swims out into the
text: centre of the stream, without disturbing the water. He stops,
text: takes a breath then submerges, leaving not a ripple, never a
text: trace. The dawn river is once more unobserved, its secret
dialog: self again.
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW - BILL'S AND DAWN'S BEDROOM - DAWN
text: BILL comes in wet from bathing, to find DAWN half dressed
text: contemplating her slightly swollen nave. They share a small
text: room in which are two bunk beds.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Have a listen. See if you can hear
dialog: anything.
text: With some reluctance, BILL puts an ear to her stomach. His
text: cold wet hair gives her a shock. She slaps him.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: You're icy cold. A shock like that
dialog: could give me a miscarriage.
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: That's an idea, do it again.
text: DAWN giggles and it is BILL's turn to be shocked.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA (O.S.)
dialog: Breakfast, all!
text: DAWN leaves the room while BILL climbs into his clothes.
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: The room lets out, through open French windows, on to a back
text: garden sown with vegetables for some yards and then giving
text: way to orchard and pasture. The morning sun streams in.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE sits at ne end facing the garden. GRACE,
text: SUE, GRANDMA and DAWN flank him. GRANDFATHER GEORGE is not
text: the best in the morning. He glares at BILL as he enters and
text: slips quietly into his seat.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: Did they say how long it would take
dialog: to get new ration books, Grace?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (shouting and
dialog: emancipating)
dialog: Up to six weeks, I think.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: How are we going to cope?
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Nettle soup, like we did in the
dialog: Great War. Very nourishing. Bill
dialog: and I will catch fish. The river
text: fowl will be laying eggs soon.
dialog: We'll hunt, We'll forage. We'll
dialog: overcome.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: What about tea and sugar. Clever
dialog: Dick?
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE holds up a warming hand.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Keep still! Nobody move!
text: His aspect fills them with dread. His eyes are boring holes
text: in the cabbage patch, outside the French windows, where a rat
text: is crouching.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: (dramatic whisper)
dialog: Mother!! Fetch my gun.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: What's that, dear?
text: He points urgently at where the gun stands against the wall.
text: GRANDMA creeps on tiptoe over to the gun and hands it to him,
text: resuming her place without making a sound. He raises the
text: shotgun, aiming along the length of the table. The children
text: are statues, only their eyes darting from him to the rat and
text: back. The barrel is inches from their faces. He fires. They
text: jump. Smoke fills the room, He curses under his breath, as
text: the rat escapes. He puts down the gun and readdresses his
text: boiled egg, as an afterthought, he turns to BILL.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Never let a rat creep up on you.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I think you hit him, Grandpa. He
text: was limping when he ran off.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE gives him a searching look, but BILL is
text: all innocence. DAWN stifles a giggle. GRACE sees what goes on
text: and suppresses a smile herself. BILL suddenly coughs and
text: splutters to hid his laughter.
text: DAWN goes red in the face, tears come to her eyes and her
text: shoulders shake. SUE suddenly tinkles with innocent mirth and
text: the suppressed laughter bursts out of them all. They roar and
text: gasp and shudder and cannot stop. GRANDMA, quiet perplexed,
text: smiles, happy to see them all so happy. GRANDFATHER GEORGE,
text: eyes blazing with anger, glares at them disdainfully, but the
text: dam has burst and, fear him as they do, the laughter pours
text: out unabated and their eyes are filled with tears.
scene_heading: INT. RIVER - DAY
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE poles the punt up the river. GRACE,
text: GRANDMA and SUE lounge in the cushions. BILL stands alongside
text: the old man, learning the way of it.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Up, two, three. Throw the pole
dialog: forward, let it slide through your
dialog: fingers. Don't push until it hits
dialog: the bottom.
text: BILL takes it all in.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Now check that spinner.
text: BILL crawls along the shiny deck and hauls in a fishing line.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: No luck, Grandpa.
text: He lets it out again. A wood-fired steam launch, all polished
text: brass, with an elegant canopy, chugs past them. An elderly
text: couple occupies it, seated in wicker armchairs.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: (raises his cap to them)
dialog: Good day, ma,am. Greetings
dialog: Edward.
text: They are beguiled by the smell of the afternoon. GRACE trails
text: her fingers dreamily through in the water. Willows,
text: bulrushes, glides past.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: ...such nice boys with straw
text: boaters and blazers. All the punts
text: lit up with Chinese lanterns. Like
text: fireflies. And the gramophone going
dialog: on one of the boats. Always the
dialog: Charleston, the Charleston, the
dialog: Charleston. Oh, you girls.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Wasn't it lovely?
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE entrusts the pole to BILL. He struggles
dialog: with the technique, does quite well. The the pole sticks in
text: deep mud. He cannot extricate it.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Let it go. Let it go.
text: But BILL hangs on to the pole and the punt moves on until he
text: is stretched between them. Finally, he hops on to the pole
text: and clings to it.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Stay put. Hang on.
text: He takes a paddle and drives the boat back to where BILL is
text: stranded. The pole starts to topple in a small arc.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE renews his efforts and BILL is able to
text: step neatly on to the rear decking. The old an eases the pole
text: from the mud.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Now there's a lesson for life.
dialog: Never give up the punt for the
dialog: pole.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANDFATHER GEORGE'S RIVERSIDE GARDEN - DAY
text: Tea is being laid on the lawn by GRANDMA, GRACE and DAWN;
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE reclines in the faded swing-seat. BILL
text: ferries FAITH, HOPE and CHARITY (his three aunts) to the
text: island in the dingy. He rear-sculls with some difficulty, but
text: well enough. GRANDFATHER GEORGE examines his daughters with
text: binoculars as they 'ooh' and 'aah' greetings on their
text: approach. They disembark and there is much hugging and
text: kissing. They have all brought clothing for the family and
text: dresses and blouses are held up, examined and admired.
text: The daughters clearly disapprove of GRANDFATHER GEORGE and
text: only offer perfunctory kisses, HOPE ignoring him completely.
text: SUE is held up and passed from hand to hand as though she
text: were a frock herself. They take it in turns to shout
text: clarification to their mother. They flutter around DAWN, who
text: is now showing her pregnancy.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: No word from Bruce, my pet?
text: It was meant well, but it makes DAWN bristle.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: All men are beasts, darling.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: That's what I like about them.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Dawn! Really!
text: BILL slides over to his grandfather.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: All hens and no cocks. Too many
dialog: women in the family. They're a
dialog: different species from us, Bill.
dialog: Love them, but don't try to
dialog: understand them. That road leads to
dialog: ruin. Let's make a nuisance of
dialog: ourselves.
text: He mingles among the women, deciding to goad his daughter
text: HOPE.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: You look frustrated, Hope. That
dialog: husband of yours still can't rise
dialog: to the occasion?
text: HOPE flares up, but bites her tongue and turns away.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE turns to BILL, confidingly.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: I won't have the husbands here. All
dialog: four married duds, including your
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: HOPE
dialog: He's a menace. He ought to be
dialog: locked up.
speaker_heading: CHARITY
dialog: Don't let him get his claws into
dialog: you Billy, Grace.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE continues his advice to BILL.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: They'll tame you if they can, cage
dialog: you and feed you tidbits. Better
text: retreat to prepared positions.
text: He leads BILL round to the back garden away from the river.
text: All the bungalows are built up on piers against flooding. He
text: reaches under the house and retrieves an old cricket bat and
text: ball. He thrusts the ball at BILL.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Bags I bat first.
text: He takes guard against the trunk of an old apple tree. BILL
text: twists his fingers around the ball and bowls a spinner to
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE who waits for it to break, then plays it
text: back. The next ball breaks the other way and clean bowls him.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE looks back at BILL with astonishment.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: That was a googly!
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: You're a dark horse, bowling
dialog: googlies at your age. Toss me up
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: No, you're out, Grandpa. It's my
dialog: turn.
text: With ill grace, GRANDFATHER GEORGE surrenders the bat and
text: offers a harmless arthritic delivery which BILL thumps into
text: the gooseberry bushes. GRANDFATHER GEORGE curses and pricks
text: his fingers as he tries to retrieves the ball. He looks up
text: irritably at the sounds of laughter from his daughters. He
text: snarls in their direction.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Want to know why they're called
dialog: Faith, Hope, Grace and Charity?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Why?
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Your grandmother. She named them
dialog: after virtues I lack. That's
dialog: marriage for you.
text: He bowls again. BILL hammers it away. GRANDFATHER GEORGE
text: glares at him, trembling with fury.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It's only a game, Grandpa.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE gets himself under control and trots off
dialog: to find the ball.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: BILL and SUE are in the dingy, pushing a stand of reeds. BILL
text: hangs over and bows, hauling the boat along by pulling on the
text: reeds. The parting rushes reveal a moorhens nest, neatly
text: suspended above the water on bent-over reeds meshed together.
text: There are some dozen speckled eggs. BILL carefully extracts
text: one of them ad places it in a little basket in the boat,
text: which already contains a number of eggs which he has
text: presumably taken from other nests.
text: Further upstream, BILL steps out of the boat into some
text: shallows.
text: He gropes under the water and hauls up a night fishing line.
text: SUE shares his disappointment when there is no catch.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - DAY
text: The dingy pulls up at the landing stage. GRANDFATHER GEORGE,
text: using a stick, limps down the garden to meet them. SUE hands
text: him the basket of eggs.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Where's the fish? No fish, no
dialog: supper. Be off with you and don't
text: come back empty handed.
text: He gives the boat a shove with his stick and turns back to
text: the house. SUE looks weepy. BILL mouths some of his
text: repertoire of swear words. From the dormer window, DAWN
text: witnesses their humiliation. She laughs and waves. As
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE turns back to the house, she ducks out of
dialog: sight.
scene_heading: EXT. WEIR - DAY
text: They row up to the head of the weir. BILL casts a line and
text: fixes the rod to the gunwale, He ties up the boat and slips
text: over the side. He checks a net arrangement he has fixed at
text: the base of the waterfall to snare unwary fish swimming over
text: the weir. It is empty. SUE paddles in the soft weed that
text: grows on the steps of the weir, letting it seep between her
text: toes. BILL kneels and runs his fingers through the same
text: luminous-green weed. They become absorbed in it. BILL lowers
text: his body into the water and lets himself slide over the weed.
text: SUE follows suit. Soon they have discovered a glorious game,
text: sliding like eels down the weir and plunging into the pool
text: below. Back and forth they go. In the far distance, an air
text: raid siren wails, They pay no attention, so caught up are
text: they in their pleasure. SUE checks the fishing line fixed to
dialog: the boat. Nothing.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I'm scared of going back without
dialog: any fish. I hate Grandpa.
text: They look up at the SOUND of 'ack-ack' fire. BILL spots a
text: German plane high above them.
speaker_heading: BILL
text: Looks like a stray bomber. He's
dialog: lost his squadron.
text: Suddenly there is a BLAST OF AIR and a BOOMING EXPLOSION. Two
text: hundred yards up the river, a great plume of water spurts up.
text: They drop flat on the steps of the weir. BILL peers
text: cautiously over the rim of the waterfall. SUE seems his
text: astonishment turn to a broad grin. Floating towards the weir
text: are dozens of fish stunned by the blast. Joyously, they
text: gather them up and throw them into the boat.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - DAY
text: GRACE, dawn and the GRANDPARENTS all look amazed admiration
text: at the boat laden with fish.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: This is going too far, young man.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: But Grandpa, you said...
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: I concede I was insistent, but how
dialog: the Devil...
text: DAWN looks sharply at the smug faces of her brother and
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: It looks a bit fishy to me.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Could we salt them, or smoke them,
dialog: do you think?
text: They fall to unloading the fish.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA
dialog: It's like feeding of the five
dialog: thousand. It's a miracle.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Well,lad. So it's miracles now, is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: They'll stink the place out by
dialog: morning. Why not invite all your
dialog: friends to supper, Grandpa.
text: He looks up darkly from his task.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: I have no friends, only relations.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: BILL, now wielding the pole with great aplomb, send the punt
text: gliding up river. DAWN heavily pregnant and languidly
text: melancholic, lies in the cushions, bare foot dangling in the
text: river. DAWN stiffens as the figure of a man in uniform comes
text: running along the riverbank. As he catches up with them, he
text: is revealed as BRUCE and the uniform of a Canadian soldier.
text: He waves and calls them.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Ignore him, the bastard.
text: BILL hesitates, but a withering look from DAWN keeps him on
text: course. BRUCE levels with them. He calls across thirty yards
dialog: of river.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Dan! It's me!
text: She refuses even to acknowledge him. Under her breath, she
text: instructs BILL.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Keep going. Stay on this bank.
text: BILL whips up speed, keeping to the opposite side of the
text: river from BRUCE, who wades out up to his knees and holds out
text: his arms, pleadingly.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Give me a chance to explain.
text: SUE waves at him. DAWN glowers at her.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I'm going to kill you, Sue Rohan.
text: Fully clothed, his khaki cap perched on his head, BRUCE swims
text: out towards the punt. By the time he reaches the middle of
text: the river, they are fifty years upstream. BRUCE swims back to
text: the shore. Dripping wet, he runs up the riverbank until he is
text: well ahead of the punt and plunges in again. This time, his
text: course coincides with the punt. He grabs the side of the boat
text: and hangs on, out of breath.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Couldn't write...secret
dialog: posting...came as soon as I heard
dialog: about the baby.
text: DAWN grabs a paddle and forces him under the water. He pops
text: up further down the boat.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I went AWOL to be with you. I'm a
dialog: deserter.
text: She cracks the paddle over his head. He sinks under the
text: water, his cap floats away. BILL rescues it. BRUCE does not
text: reappear. They wait, become alarmed. DAWN kneels down, peers
text: into the water.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Oh, Bruce, Bruce. What have I done?
text: His head pops up inches from her face. Levering himself up on
text: the boat, he kisses her on the mouth. She grabs his hair
text: smothering him with kisses.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I missed you so much.
text: BILL and SUE exchange disgusted looks.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: They are all gathered together. GRANDFATHER GEORGE, GRANDMA,
text: GRACE, HOPE, CHARITY, BILL and SUE. CLIVE, in uniform, gives
text: his daughter way. MAC and MOLLY are together again All
text: witness the quiet, subdued marriage of DAWN and BRUCE. The
text: only guests are two military POLICEMEN sit in the back. They
text: appear to be ordinary soldiers until they step outside the
text: church and put their red caps on.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: The bridal pair come out and the VICAR, considerably
text: embarrassed, makes his excuses and backs away. A picture is
text: taken. The REDCAPS seize BRUCE by each arm. DAWN clings to
text: him, a last kiss, and he is borne away. They all stand at the
text: church doors waving to him as he is driven away in a jeep.
text: There is some dutiful sniffing from the women, but since DAWN
text: seems quite happy, there is no need for sympathetic tears.
text: GRACE impulsively hugs MOLLY.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'm so glad you could come. Here we
text: are, all together again.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Happy as can be. In the old groove.
text: CLIVE shakes MAC's hand warmly.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: So you're going to be a
dialog: grandfather.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And I'm still just a lad myself.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Don't bother to grow up. It's no
dialog: fun at all.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - DAY
text: The party is on the veranda. BILL and SUE sit on the steps.
text: GRANDFATHER is alone on the swing seat. GRACE and her three
text: sisters are a sting quartet. They finish a piece. The others
text: clap. It leaves them a little melancholy.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: What can you do with four
dialog: daughters, I asked myself, A string
dialog: quartet was all I could come up
dialog: with. They hated me for making them
dialog: learn.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: And now we're glad you did.
text: CLIVE raises his glass. He is tipsy.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Here's to music. And absent
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: And absent bridegrooms!
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And the bride.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: The bride.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And here's to my CO. He's wangled
dialog: me a posting close to home. He said
dialog: your house burns down, your
dialog: daughter gets married, you're
dialog: always on compassionate leave. You
dialog: might as well stay down there!
text: There are cries of congratulations and encouragement.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I've found a bungalow to rent up
dialog: the towpath, Clive. I never want to
text: leave the river again. The children
dialog: have had such a wonderful summer.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Fair enough.
dialog: (raises glass)
dialog: The river.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: The river.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And loyal friends.
text: He tips his glass at MAC, who squirms a little. The drink has
dialog: made CLIVE sound excessively sincere and sentimental, so much
text: so that if he were sober, it might seem like irony.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: ...and good and faithful wives.
text: He points his glass at MOLLY and GRACE and waves it at the
text: sisters and DAWN.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: We hope, and trust.
text: He laughs, and the others join in, an awkward moment. GRACE
text: and MOLLY catch each others eye.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And grumpy grandfathers.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Since you are shortly to join our
text: ranks, I throw down the gauntlet. A
dialog: cricket match. You and Mac against
dialog: Bill and me. Back garden.
text: The three men and one boy rise to the challenge and file down
text: the side of the house to the lawn at the back.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: You know Mac played for Surrey
dialog: Seconds, and I opened for the
dialog: Indian Army. Are you sure...
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE waves his objection aside.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: (to Clive, an aside)
dialog: It's an olive branch. Take it.
dialog: It's the best he can do.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - GARDEN - DAY
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: We're putting you in to bat.
text: He hands CLIVE the bat, and flips the ball to BILL with a
text: broad wink. CLIVE takes guard against the apple tree, which
text: is now heavy with fruit. BILL bowls. The ball turns, beats
text: the bat. MAC pats down the grass where the ball bounced.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Fine delivery, Bill, Good length.
dialog: Turned a bit too.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE hands the ball back to BILL and nudges
dialog: him.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Give him the you-know-what.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Very well, Grandpa.
text: BILL delivers his googly. It bamboozles is father who pops up
text: caught and bowled. CLIVE is startled. As MAC takes the bat,
text: CLIVE offers a warning.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I think it was a googly.
text: MAC takes guard. BILL Bowls. He plays forward, smothering the
text: spin. Still no run. The next ball is pitched short. MAC plays
text: back, waits for the ball to break in from the leg which it
text: does more sharply than he expects. He just manages to dig it
text: out. The next is the googly. MAC does not spot it. It cuts i
text: from the off and clean bowls him. GRANDFATHER GEORGE cackles
text: triumphantly.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Googly. You didn't spot it either.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I taught him how and now he turns
dialog: it against me.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: The law of life. Cruel, isn't it?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: The wicked old bugger.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: This boy will make his way in the
dialog: world.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE slaps BILL on the back with such
text: enthusiasm that he sends the boy sprawling. CLIVE catches
text: him, holds him close and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I'm proud of you.
text: Cries of alarm come from the house. CLIVE hears his name
text: called. They hurry back.
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The men arrive to find the women in a state of alarm. They
text: are gathered in a knot around DAWN. BILL pushes his way
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Clive, go for the doctor. It's
text: Dawn. She's in labour.
text: BILL peers between the women and catches a glimpse of DAWN
text: standing arched against a chair, one hand supporting the
text: baby's head which has appeared between her legs.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Hot water! Lots of hot water!
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I don't know. They always say that
text: at the pictures.
text: He rushes out.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - VERANDA - DAY
text: CLIVE runs down to veranda steps.
speaker_heading: HOPE
text: She just went to the toilet, and it
dialog: came out.
text: MAC joins CLIVE and they run to the boat and fumble awkwardly
text: with the oars.
scene_heading: INT. BUNGALOW - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: GRACE tries to be calm. She holds DAWN gingerly.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Now take deep breaths, and push.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Why? It's coming on its own. It
dialog: doesn't hurt.
text: BILL comes to SUE's side and they catch another glimpse of
text: the baby's head. SUE wrinkles her nose.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: It's all sticky.
text: BILL passes clean out and crumples to the floor.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS OF A GREAT HOUSE - DAY
text: BILL is running flat out, running for his life. He passes a
text: blurred orchard, a garden, a park.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW BUNGALOW - DAY
text: BILL, still running hard, looks over his shoulder and turns
text: in to a bungalow that faces on to the river.
scene_heading: INT. NEW BUNGALOW - DAY
text: The living room is cheerful and spacious. Out of the window,
text: the sun sets over the river. DAWN breast-feeds the baby, now
text: a week or two old. GRACE knits a tiny pair of leggings. SUE
text: is drawing a picture. CLIVE snoozes in an armchair. They are
text: listening to Churchill on the wireless.
speaker_heading: CHURCHILL (V.O.)
dialog: ...it is not the end. It is not the
dialog: beginning.
text: BILL enters, flushed and panting. His eyes are bright with
text: excitement. He goes to DAWN and, reaching inside his shirt,
text: pulls out a peach and hands it to her reverentially.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I scrumped it. I nearly got caught.
dialog: They chased me for ages.
text: DAWN take's it. It looks pretty miserable. Most of the furry
text: skin has rubbed off during its hazardous journey next to
text: BILL's skin. DAWN's first impulse is to make a sarcastic
text: comment, but in her new maturity, she bites it back and
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: You did that for me, and on the
dialog: last day of your holidays?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: Well, for the baby, really.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Thank you Billy, from the baby and
dialog: me.
scene_heading: INT. GRANDFATHER GEORGE'S CAR - DAY
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE drives his old Armstrong Siddeley Sapphire
text: along the river towpath. Beside him sits a very morose BILL
text: wearing a school cap, with a satchel, gasmask, and a
text: suitcase on his lap. GRANDFATHER GEORGE adjusts the
text: advance/retard lever and glares at the sullen boy.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: You miserable little tripe-hound.
dialog: I'm the one who should be fed up,
dialog: sacrificing my last sup of black
dialog: market petrol to take you to
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I have to live in Rosehill Avenue
dialog: as well.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Only till they get you into the
dialog: local school.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: With Mrs. Evans. I hate her.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: You'll be at home for the weekends.
dialog: Now shut up, or walk.
text: They pass a film unit setting up equipment on the river bank.
text: Extras dressed as soldiers - Germans, British, American -
text: lounge, smoke and drink tea.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Strapping fellows playing silly
text: buggers with a war on. Outrageous.
text: BILL cranes back watching as long as he can.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - DAY
text: The car draws up outside the school entrance. A grim wall
text: surrounds the institution and BILL gets out, head hung low,
text: and walks towards the gate as though to the gallows.
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE watches from the car. He grips the
text: steering wheel angrily. A teacher strides past. GRANDFATHER
text: GEORGE shouts after him out of the window.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: All you do is knock the sense out
text: of them and fill them up with muck.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLYARD - DAY
text: As BILL enters, he is astonished to see hundreds of children
text: in a state of delirious celebration. Boys fling their caps in
text: the air. They cheer. They whoop. They run amok. Behind them
text: lie the smouldering ruins of the school. BILL cheers louder
text: than anyone. He remembers his grandfather, turns on his heel
text: and runs back to the road.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - DAY
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE is awkwardly turning the car in the road.
text: He drives off. BILL runs flat out and comes up to the window,
text: shouting.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Grandpa! There's no school! It's
dialog: been hit by a bomb!
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE slows up.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: I have to hand it to you, Bill,
dialog: you come up with some good ones.
dialog: Go back and take your medicine.
text: He drives off leaving BILL stranded. A fire engine and ARP
text: vehicles race up to the school. They pass GRANDFATHER GEORGE
text: and doubt shows in is face. He stops, gets out. Boys are
text: spilling out of school, cheering. BILL runs up to him.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: It's true.
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: You're much more convincing when
dialog: you're making it up.
text: They get into the car.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Grandpa, if you think of something
dialog: hard enough, can you make it
dialog: happen?
scene_heading: GRANDFATHER GEORGE
dialog: Apparently so.
text: A barking laugh wells up and escapes his throat. It bursts
text: forth in great waves like a flood that has been dammed up for
dialog: years.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: GRANDFATHER GEORGE's laugh, and BILL's too, ring out over the
text: autumn river which beckons to BILL with the promise of stolen
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: THE EN]D
dialog: 
