dialog: 
dialog: Hostage
dialog: by
dialog: Robert Crais
dialog: based on his novel
dialog: March 29, 2002
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. A HYPERBLUE LOS ANGELES SKY -- DAY
text: The sky is overlaid with the slow whup-whup-whup of an LAPD
text: helicopter flashing through the frame, here and gone.
text: LAPD radio transmissions crackle like static electricity
text: around a dirty clapboard bungalow that looks like the
text: puckered asshole of Eagle Rock.
text: A man's terrified voice screams invisibly from the house --
speaker_heading: MALIK'S VOICE
dialog: I'm gonna kill this dog! You make my
dialog: wife talk to me or I'm gonna shoot this
dialog: fuckin' dog!
text: A five-member SWAT tactical team appears out of nowhere--full
text: black assault gear, M5s, gloved and masked--hustling into
text: position on either side of the front door. Only now do we
text: get the full picture: Helicopters overhead, radio cars
text: surrounding the house, an army of cops itching the pull the
dialog: trigger --
text: When the tac team is good to go, the team leader gives a
dialog: thumbs-up to --
scene_heading: SERGEANT JEFF TALLEY AND LT. MURRAY LEIFITZ
text: Talley and Leifitz are hunkered behind the LAPD Command and
text: Control van. Leifitz is the Crisis Response Team SWAT
text: commander; Talley, the primary negotiator. It's so hot out
text: here that Talley has stripped down to a tee-shirt and vest.
speaker_heading: LEIFITZ
dialog: They're good to go, Talley. Your word,
dialog: and we're in the house.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: No one's going anywhere, L-T. We can
dialog: talk this guy down.
text: Talley lifts a dedicated crisis phone that's been hardlined
text: into the house, his tone reasonable and friendly --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Hey, George? George, don't kill the dog,
dialog: okay? We don't want to hear a gun go off
dialog: in there.
text: A phone crashes through the window and lands in the front
dialog: yard --
speaker_heading: MALIK'S VOICE
dialog: (screaming from the house)
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: LEIFITZ
dialog: I don't think he wants to talk.
text: Frustrated, Talley slumps back against the van as the SWAT
text: Intelligence Officer, Lloyd Keith, scuttles up to them --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Where's the guy's wife?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: She didn't take the kid to her sister's.
dialog: The neighbors were wrong.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Goddamnit, you said we had her. I told
dialog: him we had her!
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: We got bad information, Talley. I can't
dialog: pull her out of my ass!
text: Up at the house, George Edward Malik steps into the window.
text: Malik is a forty-year-old freaked-out loser who has turned
dialog: the corner on insanity --
speaker_heading: MALIK
dialog: (shouting at Talley)
dialog: You said my wife was gonna talk to me,
dialog: you lying fuck! I'm gonna kill her dog,
dialog: then shoot myself! I mean it!
text: Talley stares at Malik, thinking, then abruptly grabs Keith
dialog: by the collar --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Keith)
dialog: Pull the dog's name out of your ass. Get
text: the dog's name.
text: Talley steps out from behind the command van so that Malik
text: can see him.
speaker_heading: LEIFITZ
dialog: (alarmed by Talley's move)
dialog: Talley! You're in the line of fire!
text: Talley ignores Leifitz; he is totally focused on Malik and on
dialog: defusing the situation --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I didn't lie to you, George. You scared
dialog: your wife pretty good last night. We're
text: having a hard time finding her.
speaker_heading: MALIK
dialog: She better talk to me! I'm gonna kill
dialog: her goddamned dog!
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You and I have been talking for, what,
dialog: sixteen hours? Keep talking. Is that
dialog: your dog, too?
text: Malik steps away from the window --
speaker_heading: MALIK'S VOICE
dialog: I don't know whose dog it is. She lied
dialog: about everything else, so she probably
dialog: lied about the dog.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I know you're hurting. You lose your
dialog: job, you find out your wife's fucking
dialog: another guy . . . but don't give up.
dialog: We'll have her talk to you.
speaker_heading: MALIK'S VOICE
dialog: Then why won't she open her mouth?! Why
dialog: doesn't the bitch say something???
text: Something about Malik's statement bothers Talley. The
dialog: wording is odd, suspicious --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: George? Come back to the window.
speaker_heading: MALIK'S VOICE
dialog: STOP LOOKING AT ME!!!
text: Talley grows even more concerned. Was Malik talking to him?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: George? Leave the dog alone and come to
dialog: the window.
text: Talley sees Keith rejoin Leifitz --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Leifitz)
dialog: What's the dog's name?
speaker_heading: LEIFITZ
text: The neighbors say he doesn't have a dog.
text: The pieces fall into place for Talley: The wife that no one
dialog: can find, the dog that doesn't exist....
speaker_heading: MALIK'S VOICE
text: OPEN YOUR GODDAMNED MOUTH OR I'M GONNA
text: SHOOT THIS DOG!
text: In a single terrible moment, Talley realizes that Malik is
text: not talking to him; he's talking to his wife --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Murray!! They're in the house! His
dialog: wife's in the house!
text: Even as Talley screams, a gunshot echoes from the house,
text: freezing the moment. A second shot follows the first as the
text: tactical team breaches the front door --
text: Talley sprints forward, running as hard as he can in
dialog: nightmare slow motion --
scene_heading: INT. MALIK'S HOUSE -- DAY
text: Talley shoulders inside on the heels of the tactical team
text: through drifting gun smoke and lancing sunlight. SWAT cops
text: are cuffing Malik even though he's already dead of a self-
text: inflicted gunshot wound; Malik's wife is sprawled on the
text: couch where she has been dead for fourteen hours; two tac
text: officers are trying to stop the geyser of arterial blood that
text: sprays from the neck of Malik's nine-year-old son even as one
text: of them screams for the paramedics --
text: Talley is numb; it's all too much, too heavy, too horrible.
text: He kneels between to the tactical cops and takes the boy's
text: hand. He stares into the boy's eyes, and the boy stares
text: back. The child's face grows pale as he drains of blood. We
text: hear his heart beating. We hear it slow. We hear it stop.
text: Talley stares at the dead boy. The dead boy's lifeless eyes
text: stare at nothing.
speaker_heading: TITLES
text: Another hyperblue sky, but now we're in an upscale bedroom
text: community in the sun-scorched high desert north of LA --
text: A legend appears: One Year Later.
scene_heading: EXT. KIM'S MINIMARKET AND GAS STATION -- DAY
text: A rotted-out Toyota pickup lurches to a stop alongside the
text: minimart, white-boy hip-hop booming on the radio which dies
dialog: with the engine --
text: Dennis Rooney is driving; twenty-three years old, working-
text: class desert trash with a high opinion of his own brooding
text: good looks. In the middle: Kevin Rooney, nineteen, scared
text: shitless at what they're about to do. Riding shotgun: Mars
text: Krupchek, twenty-four, a large pasty guy with a shaved head
text: and faraway eyes.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: C'mon, Dennis, this is stupid. I thought
dialog: we were gonna go to the movies.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (grins past Kevin to Mars)
dialog: Mars?! Whattaya think, dude? Out here
dialog: on the edge, no one around, it's perfect,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: I'll check it out.
text: Mars slides out of the truck. He has a tattoo on the back of
text: his tattoo that says: BURN IT.
text: As soon as Mars is gone, Dennis frowns at Kevin --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Try to act cool, okay? He's gonna think
dialog: you're a dick.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Robbing this place is gonna put you back
dialog: in prison.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Not if they don't catch us, Kevin.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: We got jobs, man; we're working. Why
dialog: even take the chance?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Because if you don't take the chance,
dialog: you're already dead.
text: Dennis pulls a pistol from his pants to check the magazine.
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Thirty seconds, we'll be down the road.
dialog: Thirty seconds. Then we'll go to the
dialog: movies.
text: Mars returns and nods his approval --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: It's perfect.
dialog: That's all it takes.
scene_heading: INT. KIM'S MINIMART -- DAY
text: Junior Kim, Jr., is short, squat, and forty-two years old.
text: He's reading a magazine behind the counter when Dennis and
text: Mars enter; Dennis trying to disarm him with a smile --
text: As Dennis reaches the counter, he lifts his tee-shirt to
text: reveal the butt of his pistol --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: A pack of Marlboros for my friend and all
dialog: your cash, you gook motherfucker!
text: But Junior Kim is ready. He lurches to his feet, bringing up
dialog: a pistol of his own --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: He's got a gun!
text: Dennis lunges across the counter, grabbing Kim's gun, and the
text: two men are suddenly locked in a ferocious death-struggle for
dialog: possession of the weapon --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Mars, help me --
text: Dennis and Kim bounce from the counter to the Slurpy machine,
text: the Glock locked between them, pointing first one way, then
text: the other, their eyes meeting as -- BAM -- the gun goes off.
text: Junior Kim's eyes widen. Dennis and Junior both look down at
text: the red blossom that grows on Junior Kim's chest --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (screaming in the background)
dialog: Dennis! Dennis, someone's coming!
text: Kim falls into the Slurpy machine, then slides to the floor.
text: Dennis scrambles over the counter and sprints for the door.
text: But Mars hesitates. Instead of running, he picks up Kim's
text: gun, then leans over the counter to look at Kim's body. We
dialog: cannot see his face --
scene_heading: EXT. THE MINIMART -- DAY
text: A forty-something soccer mom named Margaret Hammond is about
text: to enter the minimart when Dennis and Kevin burst out,
text: knocking her on her ass. Mars follows a moment later --
text: Margaret watches their red pickup lurch away, then rushes
dialog: into the store --
scene_heading: INT. THE TRUCK -- DAY
text: Dennis power-shifts into gear, clashing tortured metal as he
text: pushes the Toyota as hard as it will go. No one is talking;
dialog: they're screaming --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: There's fuckin' blood all over you!
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I didn't know he would have a gun! It
dialog: just went off!
text: Dennis sees himself in the rearview mirror. His face is
text: splattered with red dew, the sight of it freaking him out --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus! Fuckin' Jesus, it's on my face!
text: The trunk careens crazily off the road. Mars calmly runs a
text: hand over Dennis's face --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Relax. It's only blood.
text: Dennis upshifts hard again, the truck lurching as the tranny
dialog: howls --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: FUCK you, Mars! I got it all over me!
text: -- whereupon the tortured transmission gives with a loud BANG
dialog: and the truck loses power --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: MotherFUCKING piece of SHIT!!!
scene_heading: EXT. FLANDERS ROAD -- DAY
text: Flanders Road is lined with trees, hedges, and the exclusive
text: housing developments that dot the countryside around Bristo
dialog: Camino.
text: The Toyota jerks to a stop well off the road, and Dennis,
text: Mars, and Kevin pile out, stuffing pistols and bullets into
dialog: their pockets --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That woman's gonna call the cops.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Shut up, goddamnit! Just calm down!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What if he's dead? What if you killed
dialog: him?
text: Dennis grabs him by the throat; Mars steps between them --
speaker_heading: MARS
text: People are looking.
text: Dennis sees that Mars is right; people in passing cars are
text: looking. He releases his brother --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: That's why we gotta keep going. I'm not
dialog: gonna go in for murder.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: We're on foot. We can't get away.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
text: We're surrounded by houses, dumbass.
text: Every house has a car in the garage.
dialog: All we have to do is take one.
text: Dennis and Mars take off for the wall, Kevin reluctantly
dialog: following --
scene_heading: EXT. WALTER SMITH'S HOME -- THE CUL-DE-SAC -- DAY
text: The camera reveals a two-story California Mediterranean home
text: in the exclusive housing development known as York Estates.
dialog: You can't get in the door for less than one-point-five, and
dialog: this house costs more: Eight thousand square feet of used
text: brick and custom tile set on a lushly landscaped acre --
scene_heading: WALTER SMITH'S VOICE
dialog: You can pick them up whenever you want.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER SMITH'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Walter Smith is at his computer behind his desk. He's forty
text: and fit, casually dressed with thinning hair and glasses,
text: currently leaning back as he talks on his phone --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: I have his corporate and personal on two
text: disks, labeled Marlon and Al.
text: As Smith talks, he ejects a Zip disk from his computer,
text: attaches a label reading Al, then places it in a palm-sized
text: case beside the first disk, Marlon --
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: What, you don't have a sense of humor?
dialog: He's going to love it.
text: Walter's ten-year-old son, Thomas, suddenly charges around
text: the desk and pulls at his father's arm --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: My stomach is eating me!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Yeah, that's Thomas, the human piranha.
dialog: I have to feed the animals while Pam's in
text: Florida with her sister.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: My stomach has teeth! It's eating my
dialog: guts!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (still with the phone)
dialog: Listen, is Glen on his way? Great. The
dialog: paper's bagged and ready to go. Bye.
dialog: (hangs up; then)
dialog: All right, all right, all right--it's
dialog: feeding time!
text: Walter allows his son to pull him around the desk to --
scene_heading: EXT. THE SMITHS' BACK YARD -- THE POOL -- DAY
text: A boom box blasts the latest teendiva megahit as Walter's
text: sixteen-year-old daughter, Jennifer, stretches out in cutoff
text: shorts and a bikini top, working on her tan.
text: Walter and Thomas appear in the French doors that open from
dialog: the back of the house --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Jen! Come feed your brother! He's
dialog: wasting away!
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Can't we send him to Florida?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Jen, c'mon, chop-chop! I've got to
dialog: finish my work!
text: Jennifer rolls her eyes, rises from the chaise longue, and
text: pads to the house. As she clears the frame, the camera
text: swings toward the overgrown wall at the edge of the property.
text: Dennis silenty drops into the bushes --
scene_heading: EXT. BRISTO CAMINO PATROL CAR -- DAY
text: A sky blue Bristo Camino patrol car cruises along Flanders
dialog: Road --
scene_heading: INT. THE CRUISER -- OFFICER MIKE WELCH -- DRIVING
text: Welch is a young officer with an innocence to his eyes that
dialog: you don't find in urban cops. He keeps a photo of his wife
text: and toddler son taped to the dash.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Four, base. You there, Mike?
text: Welch picks up the radio microphone --
speaker_heading: WELCH
dialog: Four. I'm gonna hit the Krispy-Kreme.
dialog: You want a dozen?
speaker_heading: RADIO
text: Armed robbery, Kim's Minimart on Flanders
text: Road, shots fired with a man down.
text: This is so unexpected that Welch waits for the punchline --
speaker_heading: WELCH
dialog: Are you kidding me?
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Ah, suspects are three white males
text: driving a red pickup last seen eastbound
dialog: on Flanders.
text: Welch turns on his lights just as he sees the red Toyota
text: pickup abandoned on the side of the road and stands on his
dialog: brakes --
scene_heading: INT. THE SMITHS' KITCHEN -- A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: The Smiths' home sports an open floor plan with the kitchen
text: centrally located between a large family room, a hall that
text: leads to the front of the house, and the French doors that
text: open onto the pool area.
text: Jennifer is putting the finishing touches on three tuna
text: sandwiches as she calls to her brother --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Tell Daddy that lunch is ready.
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Thomas, don't be a turd. Tell --!
text: She turns to find herself face-to-face with Dennis, who
text: clamps a hand over her mouth --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'm not going to hurt you.
text: Mars is holding Thomas. Kevin is by the French doors --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop fighting. Relax, and I'll let go.
text: Jennifer struggles until she sees that Mars is holding a
text: pistol to Thomas's head --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: That's better. Be cool and we'll be
dialog: outta here in five minutes. Understand?
text: Jennifer nods, and Dennis removes his hand. He has her
text: pinned to the counter, his body pressed into her's; she is
text: suddenly very aware that she is almost naked --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Who else is here?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: My father.
text: Dennis grabs her hair and pulls her away --
scene_heading: INT. SMITHS' OFFICE -- DAY
text: It happens fast: Dennis shoves Jennifer into the room, and
text: Mars and Kevin follow with Thomas --
text: Walter is feeding a computer print-out into a paper shredder
text: as they burst through the door --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Get your ass in the chair! Sit down!
text: Dennis shoves Jennifer to the floor and stalks directly
text: across the room, his gun trained on Walter.
text: Walter freezes, hands motionless, letting the paper feed into
text: the shredder. Strangely, he has little outward reaction --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Jen? Are you all right?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: She'll be dead if you don't put your ass
dialog: in that chair!
text: Walter carefully sits. He is amazingly calm in the face of
dialog: this invasion.
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Kevin! Don't stand there, asshole, close
dialog: the windows! Mars, keep him covered,
dialog: dude!
text: Mars pushes Thomas down beside Jennifer, then aims his gun at
text: Walter. Kevin closes the shutters as Dennis rips the
dialog: electric cord from a lamp --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Who sent you?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Don't go Rambo and you'll tell'm about
dialog: this on the back nine. I'm gonna tie you
dialog: up, then we're gonna take your car.
text: Walter glances toward the shredder; the final page of paper
text: emerges as spaghetti and then the shredder stops --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: The car. All you want is the car?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Am I talkin' raghead?! I want your car!
dialog: Gimme the goddamned keys!
text: A strange smile flickers at the corner of Walter's mouth as
dialog: if there's a joke within all this, then --
speaker_heading: WALTER
text: The keys are on the wall by the garage.
dialog: Take it. The tank's almost full.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Dennis! The cops!
text: Dennis rushes to the window --
scene_heading: EXT. THE SMITHS' HOUSE -- CUL DE SAC -- DAY
text: Mike Welch climbs out of the patrol car and keys his shoulder
text: mike as he appraises the house --
speaker_heading: WELCH
dialog: (into his radio mike)
dialog: They had to go through the yard at 455
dialog: Castle Way. I'm going to approach.
text: Welch slowly moves up the walk toward the front door --
scene_heading: INT. THE ENTRY -- DAY
text: Dennis shoves Jennifer to the door --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Open it! You remember I'm right here!
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE -- WITH WELCH
text: Welch is halfway up the walk when the door opens and
text: Jennifer, clearly terrified, peers out. Welch hesitates --
speaker_heading: WELCH
dialog: (into his mike)
text: Teenage female opened the front door.
dialog: (to Jennifer)
dialog: Miss, I found an abandoned vehicle on the
dialog: other side of your wall. Did three young
dialog: men run through the area?
text: Jennifer doesn't answer. Her eyes fill until two huge tears
text: roll down her cheeks. Welch grows uneasy. Something is
text: wrong, but he doesn't know what. He stays where he is --
speaker_heading: WELCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Miss?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I didn't . . . see anyone.
text: Welch stares into Jennifer's eyes, pointedly shifting his
dialog: gaze to ask the silent question: Are they here?
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S OFFICE -- MARS AND KEVIN
text: are peering out the shutters when --
text: Mars suddenly shouts --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: He's going for his gun!
text: Mars opens fire, shooting through the window as --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
text: kicks the door closed and fires through the door, Jennifer
dialog: screaming, as --
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE -- DAY -- MIKE WELCH
text: tumbles backward, struggling weakly to pull his gun as blood
text: bubbles in his mouth. He tries to rise, but can't --
speaker_heading: WELCH
dialog: (into his radio)
dialog: Officer down. Jesus, I've been shot.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: Mike? Mike, what did you say?!
text: Mike Welch blinks at the sky, but cannot answer --
scene_heading: INT. BRISTO CAMINO POLICE DEPARTMENT -- DAY
dialog: It's the kind of small-town police facility you might expect:
text: A general room with desks and computers, a coffee machine,
text: and a desk officer who thinks that crime is two teenagers
text: egging a house.
text: The camera establishes the low-key atmosphere, during which
text: it finds a glass door labeled J. Talley, chief of police --
scene_heading: INT. TALLEY'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Jeff Talley is behind the desk, his voice muted because he is
text: locked in a painful phone conversation --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: It's really hard, Jane. This isn't the
dialog: way I want it.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S KITCHEN -- DAY
text: Jane Talley is an attractive woman in her mid-thirties. She
dialog: has the efficient manner of a registered nurse, which she is,
dialog: and right now she's using all of her professional detachment
dialog: to keep herself together --
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No? Then whose idea was it for you take
dialog: a job in the middle of nowhere?
text: Intercut Talley, who considers the photographs that decorate
text: his wall: Shots of Talley in happier times with Jane and
text: their teenaged daughter, Amanda; Talley as a young SWAT
text: officer; the framed headline from the Bristo Weekly Standard
text: proclaiming: EX-SWAT COP NEW BRISTO CHIEF!
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I need to work out some stuff.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You're hiding, Jeffrey. You're hiding
dialog: from the job and you're hiding from me.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
text: I still see that boy's eyes.
text: Jane softens; she knows that a part of him is in terrible
text: pain. But she's in pain, too --
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That happened a year ago. You've been
dialog: gone for almost six months. How long do
dialog: you have to punish yourself for something
dialog: that wasn't your fault?
text: Talley studies the picture of his wife and daughter. He
dialog: focuses on Amanda --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Is Amanda there?
text: Jane cups the phone and calls to her daughter. Amanda enters
text: and goes to the refrigerator. She's fifteen and carrying the
dialog: weight of a seriously bad attitude --
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to Amanda)
dialog: It's Dad. He wants to speak with you.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (doesn't even glance over)
dialog: I'm gonna see him later.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (back to Talley)
text: She has to go to the bathroom.
text: Jane turns away and lowers her voice, not wanting Amanda to hear --
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not only punishing yourself, Jeff.
dialog: Amanda and I are in this, too.
dialog: Talley knows, and he hurts like hell because of it --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Can we talk some more when you get here?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: We'll see you in a couple of hours.
text: Jane hangs up without waiting for a response, then closes her
text: eyes, trying hard to keep herself together.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I don't wanna go up there. I want to
dialog: stay here with my friends.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Pack your things. You're going.
text: Jane stalks away without a glance back, and Amanda angrily
text: flips off her mother --
speaker_heading: WITH TALLEY
text: He is clearly shaken by the call, but his thoughts are
text: interrupted when his assistant, an older woman named Louise
text: Vance, bursts in --
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Mike's been shot! Someone shot Junior
dialog: Kim, too --
text: Talley comes around his desk --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: What are you talking about, shot? What
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Three white males shot Junior. Mike
dialog: followed them to York Estates --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: York Estates. Four-five-five Castle Way.
text: Anders and Jorgenson are on the way.
dialog: Talley charges out --
scene_heading: EXT. YORK ESTATES -- CASTLE WAY -- DAY
text: Talley wheels into a wide, spacious cul-de-sac lined with
text: expensive estate homes, and pulls up behind another radio
text: car. Anders and Jorgenson are crouched in the street --
text: Bullets snap into Talley's windshield, starring the glass --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Sonofabitch.
text: Talley scrambles out of his car --
scene_heading: EXT. THE SMITHS' HOUSE -- TALLEY'S CAR -- DAY
text: Talley takes cover behind his front wheel. Anders and
dialog: Jorgenson are young guys; they've never worked a high-crime
dialog: area; they've never made a felony arrest; and right now
dialog: they're scared shitless.
text: Mike Welch lies on the Smiths' front lawn, forty feet away --
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: Welch is down! They shot him!
speaker_heading: JORGENSON
dialog: We think it's the three guys who robbed
dialog: Kim's.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Are civilians inside?
speaker_heading: JORGENSON
dialog: He said something about a girl --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Holster your guns!
text: Another shot cracks from the house as we hear the faint wail
text: of approaching sirens. Talley edges around his car, trying
dialog: to see Welch --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Mike! Mike, can you hear me?
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: I think he's dead!
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Don't shout, Larry. I'm three feet away.
text: Talley considers the situation and comes up with a plan --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: We have to cordon off the streets, then
dialog: evacuate these houses.
speaker_heading: JORGENSON
dialog: What are we going to do about Mike?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Keep your head down.
text: Talley scrambles back into his car. He backs up, then powers
text: the car up the drive and onto the front lawn --
speaker_heading: WITH WELCH
text: Talley roars to a stop between Welch and the house, using the
text: car as a shield. More shots ping off his car as Talley
dialog: climbs out --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: How you doing, buddy? You still alive?
text: Welch moans. His shirt is soaked with blood where the
text: bullets caught him beneath his vest. Talley can't waste
text: time. The siren is closer now --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus. You hang on.
text: Talley hoists Welch into the backseat, then dives behind the
text: wheel. He fishtails off the lawn and up the street --
scene_heading: EXT. THE CUL-DE-SAC INTERSECTION -- DAY
text: The ambulance waits as Talley powers to a stop --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: He's in the backseat!
text: Paramedics pull Mike Welch from the car as Talley gets out.
text: He can see into the cul-de-sac from here, where Anders and
text: Jorgenson still hunker behind their car. Talley keys his
dialog: radio --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is Talley. Who's on?
text: His radio crackles with overlapping voices --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: One at a time! Clear the air!
dialog: (as they settle)
dialog: Louise? Talk to me. What do we have?
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
text: Junior Kim was DOA at the hospital.
text: Frantic voices once more overlap --
speaker_heading: COP VOICES
dialog: What about Mike? Is Welch alive? What
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (forcefully)
dialog: Quiet! I want radio discipline.
dialog: (as they quiet)
dialog: Mike's hanging in. Larry, Jorgy? Listen
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JORGENSON'S VOICE
dialog: Go, Chief.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Find out who lives at four-five-five. We
dialog: gotta know who's in there.
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: Chief? Mike said a young girl answered
text: the door.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Did he say if she was shooting at him?
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: He didn't say.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Then we don't know if she's part of this
dialog: or not. Mickey, you up?
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON'S VOICE
text: We're out two minutes, me and Dreyer.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
text: Mike found a red pickup abandoned on
dialog: Flanders. You see it?
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON'S VOICE
text: It's right in front of us.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
text: Run a DMV on the plate for the owner's
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: I pulled Mickey and Dreyer off the
dialog: minimart.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Jesus Christ, Louise, we can't leave a
dialog: crime scene like that. Put a unit out
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: We only have eight officers on duty,
dialog: Chief.
text: More sirens are approaching, but their help seems too little,
text: too late. Talley stares up the cul-de-sac at the Smiths'
dialog: house as if this was a terrible nightmare --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: That's not enough.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: What's that, Chief? Say again.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Get everyone out here. Then call the
dialog: Sheriffs. Tell them we have a possible
dialog: hostage situation.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER SMITH'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Gunsmoke fills the air. Kevin is freaking. He throws a
dialog: magazine at Mars --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: We could've gone out the back! You
dialog: didn't have to shoot!
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Stop it! They found the truck, Kev!
dialog: They're already behind us!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: We should give up. All we're doing is
dialog: making it worse.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Get out of our house!
text: Her voice cuts through the din.
text: Jennifer and Thomas are huddled with their father on the
text: floor, Jennifer's arms crossed to cover herself --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Quiet, Jen.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Why don't they go?! Why don't they leave
dialog: us alone and go?!
text: Dennis charges up to her, screaming and waving his gun --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Shut up! Shut the fuck up!
text: Walter Smith slowly stands --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: None of you will get out of this.
text: Dennis spins toward Walter, leveling his gun --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Stay down! Stay down, goddamnit!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I'm going to my desk.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You're not goin' anywhere! Get on the
dialog: fuckin' floor!
text: Dennis raises the gun to Walter's face. Walter is in
text: complete command of himself and nowhere near scared, but
text: Jennifer grabs his legs --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Daddy, don't!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (casually; to Dennis)
dialog: Take it easy, son. I'm only going to my
dialog: desk.
text: Walter eases past Dennis, who doesn't know what to do --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Get on the floor!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I have contacts in Los Angeles. Lawyers
dialog: and judges who can help you.
text: Walter slips open the center drawer. Dennis thinks that
text: Walter might go for a gun. He screams louder and aims
dialog: between Walter's eyes --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I'll fuckin' kill you!
scene_heading: JENNIFER AND THOMAS
dialog: Daddy! Please!
text: Walter checks that the computer disks are in the disk case.
text: We can see their names clearly: MARLON and AL. He drops the
text: case into the drawer, then lifts out a thick booklet --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: This is every criminal lawyer in
dialog: California. If you give up now, right
dialog: now, I'll buy you the best lawyer in the
dialog: state.
text: Dennis slaps the book aside, even more angry --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: We just killed a cop! We killed a fat
dialog: chinaman! We'll get the death penalty!
text: Dennis suddenly screams at Mars and Kevin --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Mars, watch the cops! Kevin! Watch the
dialog: back of the house!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You won't die if you let me help.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Bullshit!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: But if you stay in this house, I can
dialog: promise you this --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (shouting over him)
dialog: Shut up! Shut up and get on the floor!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You can't imagine the fucking you're
dialog: going to get.
text: Dennis snaps. He swings the gun hard and smashes Walter on
text: the temple. Walter drops like a rock.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Leave him alone!!
text: Jennifer rushes to her father's side, but Walter's out cold --
scene_heading: EXT. TALLEY'S CAR -- THE INTERSECTION -- A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Talley is at his car with Anders and two other officers,
text: Leigh Metzger, a woman in her early thirties, and Cliff
text: Campbell, a slender guy who looks like a retired security
text: cop. Talley is getting information reports both in person
dialog: and over the radio --
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: (referring to notes)
dialog: The house belongs to Walter and Pamela
dialog: Smith. They've got two kids, a girl
text: about fifteen and a boy younger, Jennifer
dialog: and Thomas.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: That would be the girl who opened the
dialog: door. Are the others inside?
speaker_heading: ANDERS
text: The mother is in Florida visiting her
text: sister. The father works at home, so
text: he's probably inside.
text: Talley keys his mike --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into his mike)
dialog: Louise?
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: Go, Chief.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Get a phone number for the Smiths.
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON'S VOICE
dialog: (from the radio)
dialog: Chief, Mikkelson.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Go, Mickey.
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON'S VOICE
dialog: The truck is registered to Dennis James
text: Rooney, white male, twenty-two. He has
dialog: an Agua Dulce address.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Contact the landlord. I want to know
dialog: employment, friends, family, anything we
dialog: can find out about this guy.
text: A news helicopter swoops overhead in a tight turn. The cops
dialog: look up --
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: What in hell is that?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: News hawks. There'll be more. They
dialog: monitor our frequencies.
text: Talley realizes that his officers are staring at the
dialog: helicopter as if they've never seen one; these people have
dialog: never dealt with a crime this large, and have probably never
text: even seen a felon. Talley keys the mike again --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone be cool. That's our job right
dialog: now--stabilize the situation and don't
dialog: let things get out of hand. All we have
dialog: to do is hang on until the Sheriffs take
dialog: over. That's all we have to do.
dialog: No one looks particularly convinced --
speaker_heading: METZGER
dialog: How do we do that?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: That's my job, Metzger. That's why I get
dialog: the big bucks.
text: Talley puts away his mike --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Jennifer and Thomas are bent over their father, wanting to
text: help but not knowing how. Walter's eyes flicker as if he's
text: dreaming, and the lump on his head is bleeding --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: He's not waking up. He should be awake.
text: Jennifer abruptly stands and faces Dennis --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: He needs a doctor.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Shut up and sit down. You think
dialog: someone's gonna make a house call?
text: Jennifer is scared--really, really scared--but she doesn't
text: sit down. Both Dennis and Mars are staring at her. She
text: feels naked and vulnerable. She crosses her arms again --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: At least let me get some ice for his
dialog: head.
text: Dennis finally relents and shrugs at Mars --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Make sure Kevin isn't fucking off back
dialog: there.
text: Jennifer hurries out as Mars follows --
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN -- DAY
text: Jennifer goes to the counter. Kevin is at the French doors,
text: nervous and scared; Mars is a dark shadow behind her --
text: She kneels to a low cabinet when Mars kicks it shut --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: I thought you wanted ice.
text: Mars towers over her, his groin inches from her face --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I'm getting a wash cloth for the ice.
text: Mars gazes down at her, enjoying his size and power. He
text: steps closer, bringing his groin closer to his face.
text: Jennifer stands, holding her arms across her breasts --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: Please get away from me.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (from the background)
dialog: Mars? What are you doing?
text: Kevin's intrusion shatters the moment. Jennifer quickly
text: snatches a wash cloth from the cabinet, then takes an ice
text: tray from the freezer and brings it back to the counter --
text: As Jennifer puts ice in the wash cloth, she sees the paring
text: knife that she used for the sandwiches partially hidden by
dialog: paper towels --
text: She glances at Kevin, but cannot see Mars; he's at the
text: refrigerator behind her. Jennifer slowly reaches for the
dialog: knife --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Hey.
text: Jennifer freezes, terrified. She pushes the knife behind the
text: Cuisinart to hide it, then turns. Mars is offering her a
dialog: beer.
speaker_heading: MARS (CONT'D)
dialog: Want one?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I don't drink beer.
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Mommy won't know. You can do anything
dialog: you want right now. Mommy won't know.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What I want is to help my father.
text: Jennifer hurries past him and disappears down the hall. Even
text: as she leaves the phone starts ringing --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: The phone seems to ring louder here. Dennis stands over it,
text: watching the phone as if it's alive. The phone rings again
text: and again. Finally, he answers --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: EXT. TALLEY'S CAR -- IN THE CUL-DE-SAC -- DAY
text: Talley is once more behind his car. He's on his cell phone,
dialog: with Jorgenson nearby --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: My name is Jeff Talley. Is this Dennis
dialog: Rooney?
text: Intercut Dennis on the phone in Walter's office --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You with the cops?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: The Bristo Police Department. Look out
dialog: the window. You see the car?
text: Dennis peers through the shutters --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Yeah. I'm Rooney.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: We had an awful lot of shooting. You
dialog: need a doctor in there?
text: Dennis shoots a guilty glance at Walter, then lies --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: We're cool.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Let me speak to Mr. Smith. I want to
dialog: hear it from him.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Fuck you. I'm running this shit. You
dialog: talk to me.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: How about your two friends? You don't
dialog: have a man dying in there, do you?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: They're fine.
text: Talley cups the phone to tell Jorgenson --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
text: All three subjects are confirmed inside.
dialog: Call off the house-to-house.
dialog: (back to the phone)
dialog: Okay, Dennis, I want to explain your
dialog: situation --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You don't have to explain shit! That
dialog: Chinaman pulled a gun. We wrestled for
dialog: it. That Chinaman shot himself.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Mr. Kim didn't make it, Dennis. He died.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: How about the cop?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Dennis? I want you to release those
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Fuck that. They're the only thing
dialog: stopping you from blowing us away.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: We're not coming in there by force, okay?
dialog: No one wants to hurt you.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I got these people! You try to come get
dialog: me, I'll kill every fuckin' one of them!
text: The phone clicks in Talley's ear as Dennis slams down the
dialog: phone --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S OFFICE -- AT THAT MOMENT
text: Dennis is livid with fear and rage. He paces through the
dialog: office like a trapped cat --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: That fuckin' Chinaman is dead! That's
dialog: murder-one, dude. That's the needle!
text: Kevin appears in the entry, drawn by Dennis's raving --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Get back where you belong, asshole!
dialog: Mars, keep and eye on the cops; I gotta
dialog: find a way out of here --
text: Dennis shoves Kevin out of the office and stalks after him --
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL -- DAY
text: Kevin dogs along beside Dennis, speaking softly so that Mars
dialog: doesn't overhear --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I have to tell you something --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: We gotta find a way outta here is what we
dialog: gotta do!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It's about Mars --
text: They reach the master bedroom suite, a huge room with sliding
text: glass doors that overlook the pool --
speaker_heading: KEVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: That cop didn't pull his gun. Mars lied.
dialog: He just started shooting!
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Bullshit. Why would Mars do that?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I was there, Dennis! I saw! It's like
dialog: he wanted to shoot that cop.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You're being stupid. Check out the
dialog: bathroom. Maybe we can sneak out a
dialog: window --
text: Dennis shoves Kevin toward the bathroom, then steps into --
scene_heading: INT. THE SECURITY CLOSET -- DAY
text: One side is filled with racks of clothes, but the opposite
text: side is an industrial bank of video monitors showing a dozen
text: views of the house, both inside and out --
text: Dennis sees this stuff and stops in his tracks, awed --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Kev.
text: Kevin steps in beside him.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Jesus. What is this?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Are you totally stupid? What does it
dialog: look like?
text: One monitor shows Mars and the Smiths in the office, another
text: the kitchen, another Jennifer's room, another the front of
text: the house, the rear, the sides--every room and most of the
dialog: exterior can be seen --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, that's the master bedroom out here.
text: Dennis goes out into the master, looking for the camera, and
text: appears on the bedroom monitor --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I can see you!
text: Dennis steps back into the closet, and this time he examines
text: the door. He closes it enough to reveal thick throw-bolts --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Dude, this is solid steel. They gotta be
dialog: hiding something.
text: Dennis glances over to his brother, and finds Kevin on his
text: knees with two black travel bags beneath the clothes --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Dennis --
text: Kevin pushes the clothes aside to reveal an open bag. It's
text: filled with hundred dollar bills. Dennis kneels beside his
text: brother and opens the second bag. It's filled with hundred
dialog: dollar bills, too --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Go get Mars.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. PENA'S FAMILY ROOM -- DAY -- ON A TELEVISION
text: We're watching a grainy black and white security tape of
text: Junior Kim's robbery/homicide. It shows Kim behind the
text: counter as Dennis and Mars enter --
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON
text: One in front is Dennis James Rooney.
text: Talley, Mikkelson, Dreyer, and Anders are watching the tape,
text: which is currently being played in the home of Mrs. Estelle
text: Pena, who lives two blocks from the Smiths.
text: Mikkelson is a tall, strong woman; Dreyer is her opposite, a
dialog: short, dumpy man --
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Dennis has a younger brother, Kevin Paul--
text: that's him entering now, the third guy.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Has Dennis done time?
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON
dialog: Just pulled thirty days for misdemeanor
text: burglary. He shows car theft,
text: shoplifting, and DUI.
text: Talley steps closer to the television, and taps Mars --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Who's this?
speaker_heading: DREYER
dialog: We don't know.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
text: Have still prints made from the tape.
dialog: Show the landlord. Maybe we can get a
dialog: fast ID.
text: Talley looks closer. With the way Mars is positioned, we can
text: see part of the tattoo on his head --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
text: Here on his head. Is that a tattoo?
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON
dialog: I can't make it out.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Says...burn it.
text: On the tape, Kim slumps to the floor. Dennis vaults across
text: the counter and runs to the door. Mars, however, calmly
text: picks up Kim's gun and leans across the counter. We couldn't
text: see this before, but now we see a strange smile play over his
dialog: face --
speaker_heading: DREYER
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
text: He's watching Kim die.
text: Talley watches Mars, and knows that this guy is seriously
text: disturbed. He is still watching the tape when Leigh Metzger
dialog: calls from the door --
speaker_heading: METZGER
dialog: Chief?
text: Talley turns. Metzger is with Amanda and Jane --
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. PENA'S HOUSE -- DAY
text: Talley, Jane, and Amanda are walking to the street. Amanda
dialog: is excited; she thinks this is cool --
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Are men with guns really barricaded in a
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
text: Just around the corner and up that
dialog: street. See the helicopters?
text: Five news choppers now hover high over the house. The crime
text: scene is only two blocks away. Close.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Wait by the car, Mandy. Give me a minute
dialog: with Dad.
text: They wait until Amanda is gone, then --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (apologizing)
dialog: I should've called. This thing broke
dialog: right after we spoke, then everything
dialog: happened so fast --
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Don't worry about it. How are you doing?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: The Sheriffs will take over when they get
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: But they're not here yet. Tell me about
dialog: you.
text: Jane touches his arm --
speaker_heading: JANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus, you're shaking.
text: Self-conscious, Talley moves away so that he's out of reach --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Why don't you guys grab some dinner at
dialog: the Thai place? I'll meet you there as
dialog: soon as I can.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I don't know how long I'll be stuck here.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'm in no rush. Maybe later we can talk.
text: Talley gives her a gentle nod, then watches her walk away
dialog: until --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Jane?
text: She turns back, her eyes asking 'what?'
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm scared shitless.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That's okay. I love you anyway.
text: Talley and Jane share the moment, and then she walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. YORK ESTATES -- DAY
text: A news chopper swings by overhead bringing us to the main
text: entrance of York Estates. The entrance has been blocked, and
text: cars are being turned away, so traffic is backed up both ways
dialog: along the street --
scene_heading: INT. GLEN HOWELL'S CAR -- DAY
text: Glen Howell is a nice-looking man in his early forties:
text: Sport coat, gold Rolex, deep tan. He hammers the horn of his
text: Mercedes S600 sedan, but it does no good; traffic is frozen --
text: A news van trying to work up the line pulls alongside, then
text: gets jammed by the crunch like everyone else. Howell rolls
dialog: down the window --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Hey, you guys know what's going on?
text: An attractive Asian-American reporter leans from her window
dialog: to answer --
speaker_heading: REPORTER
text: Three men took a family hostage.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Jesus, no shit? My client lives in
dialog: there.
text: The reporter checks her notes --
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: It's a family named Smith, Walter and
dialog: Pamela Smith. Do you know them?
text: Howell stares at her emptily, then shakes his head --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: No. No, I don't know them. Thanks for
dialog: your time.
text: Howell pulls a U-turn to get out of traffic. He flips open
text: his cell phone and presses the speed dial --
speaker_heading: HOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: We have a problem out here.
scene_heading: INT. SONNY BENZA'S OFFICE -- PALM SPRINGS -- DAY
text: We're in a palatial home on the ridge overlooking Palm
text: Springs. On the cut, Sonny Benza, Phil Tuzee, and Charlie
text: Fischer are watching TV news coverage of the situation in
dialog: Bristo Camino --
speaker_heading: TUZEE
dialog: Worst case, it's a bloodbath. The
text: detectives come out with Smith's
dialog: computer, and we go directly to jail, do
dialog: not pass Go.
speaker_heading: BENZA
text: Maybe Glen already picked up the disks.
speaker_heading: TUZEE
dialog: I took the call from Glen personally.
text: They're still in Smith's house.
dialog: Fischer tries being positive --
speaker_heading: FISCHER
dialog: Maybe we're getting too dramatic. It's
dialog: three kids. They'll give up, the cops
dialog: will arrest them, and that's that. Why
dialog: would they search the house?
speaker_heading: BENZA
dialog: You think we should take that chance?
speaker_heading: FISCHER
dialog: (on the spot)
dialog: I guess not.
speaker_heading: BENZA
dialog: I guess not, too. How much information
dialog: is in the house?
speaker_heading: TUZEE
dialog: Smith was cooking the books for the IRS.
dialog: That means he has it all: The cash flow,
dialog: where it comes from, how we launder it,
dialog: our split with the East.
speaker_heading: FISCHER
text: It's on two computer disks he calls
dialog: Marlon and Al.
speaker_heading: BENZA
dialog: What, he's cute? That's his idea of
dialog: humor?
speaker_heading: FISCHER
dialog: If the Feds get those disks, the East
dialog: Coast is gonna take a hit, too. You
dialog: should let them know.
speaker_heading: BENZA
dialog: No way. I tell them, that Old Man is
dialog: gonna handle this from back there.
speaker_heading: TUZEE
dialog: You should warn them, Sonny.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BENZA
dialog: Fuck them! Now get your head in the
dialog: game, Phil--we have to handle this.
text: Benza turns back to the television --
speaker_heading: BENZA (CONT'D)
dialog: Put our people on the scene. Smith might
dialog: talk just to cut a break for his kids.
speaker_heading: TUZEE
dialog: He knows better than that.
speaker_heading: BENZA
dialog: Bullshit--a man will do anything to save
dialog: his family. Who's running the show up
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: FISCHER
text: They have a chief of police, a guy named
dialog: Talley. I saw him being interviewed.
text: The television suddenly shows Talley making a statement. He
text: looks tired and haggard --
speaker_heading: FISCHER
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Hey, that's him. That's Talley right
dialog: there!
text: Benza studies Talley, then looks at his lieutenants --
speaker_heading: BENZA
dialog: Find out how we can hurt him. By the end
dialog: of the day, I want to own him.
speaker_heading: TUZEE
dialog: It's happening right now.
dialog: That's exactly what Benza wanted to hear.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT ROSE MOTEL -- DAY
text: A low-rent motel on the road between Bristo Camino and
text: Newhall. Glen Howell's Mercedes is parked on the side, along
text: with several other cars.
text: It's late-afternoon going into evening. The sun is sinking
dialog: fast --
scene_heading: INT. HOWELL'S ROOM -- DAY
text: Howell is being briefed by his operators, four men and two
dialog: women. There's a minimum of bullshit; these people are
dialog: professionals --
text: Ken Seymore is an intense, compact man who talks fast --
speaker_heading: SEYMORE
text: L.A. County Sheriffs are inbound from a
dialog: bank robbery in Pico Rivera.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Give me an ETA.
speaker_heading: SEYMORE
dialog: An hour, tops. Might be sooner.
text: Duane Manelli speaks up --
speaker_heading: MANELLI
dialog: When the Sheriffs get here, how many we
dialog: looking at?
speaker_heading: SEYMORE
dialog: (checking his notes)
text: A command team, a negotiating team, a
text: tactical team--the tac team includes a
dialog: perimeter team, the assault team,
text: snipers, and breachers--thirty-five new
dialog: bodies.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: How many locals?
text: Gayle Devarona, one of the women, leans forward --
speaker_heading: DEVARONA
dialog: Fourteen officers and two civilians. I
dialog: have their names and most of their
dialog: addresses.
text: She tosses a yellow legal pad onto the table --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: And Talley?
speaker_heading: DEVARONA
text: Married but separated, ex-LAPD. The fam
dialog: doesn't live here, but they're coming up
dialog: today. I got his address there.
speaker_heading: MANELLI
dialog: The cops I talked to, they said Talley
dialog: was a hostage negotiator in LA.
speaker_heading: DEVARONA
dialog: His last three years on the job. Before
dialog: that, he was SWAT.
dialog: Mike Ruiz joins in --
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: How's a SWAT negotiator make it up here
dialog: to this shithole?
speaker_heading: DEVARONA
dialog: I make him for a stress release.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Good work, Gayle--everybody. Now stay
dialog: ahead of the curve. I want to know
dialog: everything that happens before it
dialog: happens. I'll cover Talley.
text: Howell tears Talley's address off the yellow pad. This
dialog: meeting is over --
speaker_heading: SEYMORE
dialog: What if it goes south?
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: SEYMORE
dialog: If things get wet, we're going to need
dialog: someone who can handle that end.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: You worry about your end. I got my side
dialog: covered.
text: Howell tucks the address in his pocket and goes to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. DONUT SHOP -- NEWHALL, CALIFORNIA -- NIGHT
text: The sun has set. The donut shop glows greasily at the end of
text: a strip mall. It is empty except for the overweight woman
text: behind the counter and a lone man seated at a window booth --
scene_heading: INT. THE DONUT SHOP -- NIGHT
text: The man in the booth is named Marion Clewes. He's an average
text: looking guy, more or less, except for the strange cant to his
text: right eye and the thin black tie he wears over his white J.
text: C. Penney shirt. His jacket doesn't fit quite right, but not
dialog: so much as you'd notice. Marion could disappear into a crowd
dialog: just by being so ordinary. That's the point.
text: A fat black desert fly, heavy with juice and thorny with
text: coarse hair, buzzes past --
text: Marion watches it, only his eyes moving --
text: The fly lands in the sprinkles of sugar on the table --
text: Marion watches it, then, suddenly, with no warning, his hand
text: flashes out, slamming down on the table.
text: He holds his hand in place, feeling for movement, then slowly
text: peeks under his hand --
text: The fly oozes sideways, legs kicking, trying to walk. One
text: wing beats furiously; the other is broken --
text: Marion examines his hand. A smear of fly goo and a single
text: black leg streaks his third finger. Marion touches his
dialog: tongue to the smear --
text: The woman behind the counter watches this, her eyes widening
dialog: with disgust --
text: Marion holds the fly in place with his left index finger, and
text: uses his right to break away another leg. He eats this leg,
dialog: too --
text: The woman disappears into the rear --
text: Headlights flash across the glass, and Marion swivels around
text: to see Howell's Mercedes pull up --
text: Marion carefully pushes the still-alive fly aside as Glen
text: Howell takes a seat across from him. Howell puts the yellow
dialog: slip with Talley's address on the table --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Talley lives here. I don't know if the
dialog: place has security or not.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It won't be a problem.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: He has a wife and kid. That's how
dialog: we'll get to him.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Okey-doke.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: We have to own this guy, Marion. We
dialog: don't want him dead; we need to use him.
text: Marion puts Talley's address into his pocket.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Can we make him dead after we use him?
text: Glen Howell slides out of the booth without answering.
dialog: Marion creeps him out --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Whatever you want. Page me when you're
dialog: done.
text: Howell starts away, then turns back --
speaker_heading: HOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Donuts here any good?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I don't eat junk food.
text: Howell frowns like he might've known, then walks away.
text: Marion turns back to the fly --
text: It lays there, still, until Marion prods it. The remaining
dialog: wing flutters --
text: Marion breaks off the remaining wing and eats that, too.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMAND STREET -- NIGHT
text: Talley and Leigh Metzger stride through a pool of street light
dialog: as she reports --
speaker_heading: METZGER
text: PacBell shows six lines into the house.
dialog: They blocked all six like you wanted.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I have the only number that can call into
dialog: the house?
speaker_heading: METZGER
dialog: Yes, sir. They'll only accept calls from
dialog: your cell.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Way to go.
text: They arrive at Larry Anders, who is waiting at his car with a
dialog: slim, nervous cement contractor named Brad Dill --
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: Chief, this is Brad Dill. Dennis and
dialog: Kevin work for him.
speaker_heading: DILL
dialog: I didn't know anything about this. I
dialog: didn't know what they were gonna do.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Mr. Dill, these pricks didn't know what
dialog: they were going to do until they did it.
dialog: I want you to take a look at something.
text: Metzger holds out a still picture that was made from Junior
dialog: Kim's security tape --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you identify this man?
speaker_heading: DILL
dialog: That would be Mars Krupchek. Jesus, he
dialog: works for me, too.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Metzger)
dialog: Have Louise run the name 'Mars Krupchek'
dialog: through DMV and NCIC. Tell her to list
text: the tattoo as an identifier.
text: Metzger hurries away as Talley turns back to Dill --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Is Krupchek an aggressive guy? Hot-
dialog: tempered? Anything like that?
speaker_heading: DILL
dialog: Keeps to himself, more like.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You have his address?
speaker_heading: DILL
dialog: Pretty sure I do. Yeah, here we go --
text: Dill pulls out a tattered address book. Talley hands the
dialog: book to Anders, who copies the address --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Anders)
dialog: Call the Palmdale City Attorney for a
dialog: telephonic search warrant. When you get
dialog: the warrant, have Mikkelson and Dreyer
dialog: search his house.
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Anders turns away as Metzger calls from Mrs. Pena's door --
speaker_heading: METZGER
dialog: Chief! The Sheriffs are ten minutes out!
text: Talley has wanted to hear that, but now his sense of relief
text: is tempered by something he did not expect: Loss.
text: Talley keys his shoulder mike --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into his radio)
dialog: Louise?
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: Go, Chief.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Call Jane for me. She's at the little
dialog: Thai place.
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: I know the one.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Tell her I'm almost home.
scene_heading: INT. SMITH'S SECURITY CLOSET -- NIGHT
text: Dennis is on the floor with the money, touching it, feeling
text: it, smelling it. Mars is standing over him, profoundly
dialog: unmoved --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: There's gotta be a million bucks here.
dialog: Maybe two million!
text: Mars turns away from the money to consider the monitors and
dialog: the door --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: It's a safety room. If anyone breaks
dialog: into your house, you can hide.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Who gives a shit, Mars? Check out the
dialog: cash! We're rich.
speaker_heading: MARS
text: We're trapped in a house.
dialog: Mars walks away --
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL -- NIGHT
text: Dennis and Mars are returning to the front of the house,
dialog: Dennis irritated at Mars's lack of enthusiasm --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: We can take it with us.
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: You can't run with suitcases.
text: Dennis grabs Mars by the arm, stopping him --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Then we'll stuff it up our asses. This
dialog: is the payoff. This is every dream you
dialog: ever had, all in those two bags.
text: Mars continues on without responding, Dennis angrily
dialog: following --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Kevin is grimly watching news coverage of their standoff as
text: Mars and Dennis enter. A female anchor is reporting on the
text: events at York Estates with Dennis's booking photo cut into
dialog: the picture --
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: (from the tube)
dialog: -- thought to be Dennis James Rooney.
dialog: Rooney was recently released from the
dialog: Antelope Valley Correctional Institute
dialog: where he served time for robbery.
text: Dennis spots himself on television and breaks into a big
dialog: smile --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (thrilled)
dialog: Check me out! I look like fuckin' Jon
dialog: Bon Jovi.
dialog: Kevin is anything but thrilled --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Everyone knows what we look like, Dennis.
dialog: We won't be able to hide.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Jesus, first Mars, now you. You two need
dialog: anti-depressants.
text: Across the room, Walter Smith shudders and moans; his face is
text: swollen and covered with clammy sweat --
text: Jennifer is sick with worry and can't stand seeing her father
dialog: like this --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: My father needs a doctor. Please.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Hey, I've got a situation here, in case
dialog: you haven't noticed.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: All you're doing is watching yourself on
dialog: TV. Look at him.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Use more ice.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I'm getting a doctor!
text: Jennifer lurches to her feet and runs toward the front door.
text: Dennis catches her in two steps and backhands her exactly the
dialog: way his old man used to smack his old lady, knocking her to
dialog: the floor --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Jen!!!
text: Thomas charges into Dennis like an angry midget. Kevin jumps
dialog: between them --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Stop it! Stop it, Dennis! Jesus!
text: Mars steps forward and jerks Thomas into the air. Mars'
text: physical presence is suddenly so imposing that everyone stops
dialog: fighting --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: We should tie them. We can put them
text: upstairs out of the way.
text: It takes Dennis a moment to come up to speed with that, but
dialog: then he nods --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: That's right. That's a good idea, Mars.
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: (to Kevin)
dialog: Find something: Extension cords, rope,
dialog: wire--we'll have to tie them tight.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Find something, Kevin. Don't just stand
dialog: there.
dialog: (waves at Walter)
dialog: And tie this bastard, too. I don't want
dialog: him waking up and goin' Rambo on us.
text: Mars nods his approval. Subtly, there is the beginning of a
dialog: shift in power --
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Mars pushes Jennifer inside. Kevin follows her with duct
text: tape and a couple of extension cords. Mars, holding Thomas,
dialog: pauses in the hall --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Tie her to the chair. I'll take care of
text: the windows when I finish with the boy.
text: Mars disappears with Thomas down the hall. Jennifer stands
text: by the chair, arms once more crossed over her breasts.
text: Kevin can see that she's scared. He takes a T-shirt from
text: where she's left it on the floor and hands it to her --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Here. Put this on.
text: She pulls it over her head --
speaker_heading: KEVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You gotta pee?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I don't see why you can't just lock me
dialog: in. It's not like I can go anywhere.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Either I'm going to tie you or Mars will
dialog: tie you. Which do you want?
text: Jennifer sits. Kevin pulls her hands behind the back of the
text: chair. As he ties her, Jennifer decides that if any of them
dialog: can be reached, it's Kevin --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Thanks for the shirt.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Kevin, my father needs a doctor.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: He's just knocked out. I've been knocked
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: If my father dies they'll charge you with
dialog: his murder. Can't you make Dennis see
dialog: that?
text: Kevin leans back. He knows she's right, but he doesn't
dialog: believe he can do anything about it --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I can't make Dennis see anything.
text: A shadow moves behind Kevin. It's Mars, standing in the
text: door. He holds up a wicked claw hammer --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Look what I found.
text: He enters and tests at Jennifer's binds --
speaker_heading: MARS (CONT'D)
dialog: You tied her like a pussy. Make it
dialog: tight.
text: As Kevin reties the bindings, Mars rips the phone from the
text: wall. He smashes the phone jack with the hammer, crushing
text: it. Then he goes to the window and drives a heavy nail into
text: the sill, nailing the window closed --
text: Mars returns to Jennifer and once more checks her binds --
speaker_heading: MARS (CONT'D)
dialog: Better.
text: He tears off a strip of duct tape and presses it over her
dialog: mouth --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Make sure she can breathe.
text: Mars rubs his fingers hard over the tape covering her mouth.
text: He massages the tape into her skin, slow, sensual --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Go downstairs, Kevin.
text: Jennifer looks at Kevin, her eyes pleading that he not leave,
text: but Kevin is cowed; he leaves --
text: Jennifer looks back at Mars --
text: Mars leans close to her. She is terrified that he is going
text: to kiss her, but, instead, he sniffs, smelling her --
speaker_heading: MARS (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to show you something.
text: Mars hooks the claw hammer under his shirt and lifts to
text: expose his chest. A large tattoo in flowing script is lined
text: across his body: A Mother's Son.
speaker_heading: MARS (CONT'D)
dialog: It cost two hundred forty dollars, but I
dialog: was happy to spend it. I love my mom.
dialog: You see these?
text: Mars points out hard gray knots that speckle his chest as if
text: he were diseased. He fingers the lumps sensuously as if
dialog: touching them excites him --
speaker_heading: MARS (CONT'D)
dialog: My mom burned me with cigarettes.
text: Jennifer is both disgusted and terrified. Mars stares at her
text: emptily for another moment, then lowers his shirt and leaves
dialog: without another word.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: The room is dark. Thomas is tied firmly to the bed. The
text: cords cut into Thomas's wrists and Thomas can't reach the
dialog: knots, but Mars made one mistake: He tied Thomas to the
text: headboard posts, and one of the newels has been loose for
dialog: years --
text: Thomas stretches against the ropes to reach the newel, then
text: twists it back and forth. He works it harder and harder
text: until the newel slides off its pin, and suddenly his hand is
text: free, though still tied to the newel --
text: Thomas peels the tape from his mouth, then unties the
text: remaining binds and frees himself from the newel. He slips
text: off his bed and crawls along the wall to his closet --
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS'S CLOSET -- NIGHT
text: A service hatch that opens into the attic crawlspace is built
text: into the wall beneath Thomas's clothes. Thomas prys open the
text: hatch, then reaches inside for a small flashlight. He flicks
text: it on, then climbs into the eaves of the roof --
scene_heading: INT. CRAWLSPACE -- NIGHT
text: The crawlspace is a long triangular tunnel that follows the
text: edge of the roof. It was built for plumbers and air
text: conditioning technicians, but Thomas has taken the space for
text: his own: Witness the stack of Penthouse, pictures of sports
text: heroes tacked to the rafters, and old soda cans strewn
dialog: between the joists --
text: Thomas scurries quietly through the tunnel, heading for --
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S CLOSET -- NIGHT
text: Thomas pushes through a hatch identical to the one in his own
text: closet, then creeps to the door --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Jen!
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Jennifer twists around to see him, mumbling through the tape --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Sit still! If they're in the security
dialog: room, they can see you on the monitors.
text: Jennifer quiets. Thomas slips out of the closet and creeps
text: toward her along the wall --
speaker_heading: THOMAS (CONT'D)
dialog: I figured out what these cameras can see
dialog: last year when Mom and Dad went to Lake
dialog: Arrowhead. It can't see me over here,
dialog: but it's looking at you, so don't move!
text: Thomas reaches up from behind Jennifer and jerks the tape off
dialog: her mouth --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Ow! Shit!
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Be quiet! Listen!
text: Thomas is hiding behind Jennifer so that the camera cannot
dialog: see him --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No one's coming.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: That big asshole nailed my windows.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Mine, too.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: We can use the crawlspace to get
dialog: downstairs. Then we can run for it.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No! I'm not going to leave Daddy with
dialog: them!
text: Thomas thinks about that and decides that he can't leave
dialog: their father, either --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: We can't carry him.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You go, Thomas. You get out, and I'll
dialog: stay with Daddy.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I'm not gonna leave you!
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Go! If you get out, maybe you can help
dialog: the police!
text: Thomas suddenly realizes what he has to do --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: We'll all go, Jennifer. All of us or
dialog: none of us. I know where Daddy keeps a
dialog: gun.
text: Jennifer jerks so hard that she almost tips over the chair --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (loud)
dialog: You leave that gun alone!
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Shh, they'll hear you!
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Better than you getting killed! Don't
dialog: touch that gun! Daddy says --
text: Thomas slaps the tape back over her mouth. Jennifer
text: struggles helplessly as Thomas slips back into the closet,
dialog: and is gone --
scene_heading: EXT. YORK ESTATES -- STREET -- NIGHT
text: The Sheriff's Crisis Response Team rolls through the streets
text: like an invading army: A brown sedan leads a huge van known
text: as the Mobile Command Post, which is followed by a Sheriff's
text: SWAT support vehicle, two SWAT Suburbans, and four radio
dialog: units.
text: Pools of light from the helicopters follow their progress --
scene_heading: EXT. COMMAND STREET -- NIGHT
text: Talley walks out to meet the lead vehicle as the convoy
text: stops. Up and down the row, uniformed Sheriffs pile out of
dialog: their vehicles and off-load their gear --
text: Two people climb out of the lead car: Will Maddox, a
text: bespectacled African-American Sheriff's SWAT negotiator, and
dialog: Captain Laura Martin, the CRT commander --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'm Talley. Who's in charge?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Laura Martin. This is Will Maddox, the
dialog: primary negotiator --
speaker_heading: MADDOX
dialog: Is the perimeter around the house secure?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I've got fourteen officers on my
dialog: department including me. We're as secure
dialog: as we can be.
speaker_heading: MADDOX
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Permission to deploy the line?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Do it.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Maddox)
dialog: Don't crowd the house. The alpha's a kid
text: named Rooney. He's amped up and
dialog: volatile.
text: Maddox turns away to bark orders into his shoulder mike --
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Sounds like you know the job.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I've done it once or twice. I blocked
dialog: their phones to incoming calls, so you'll
dialog: have to cut in a hard line to talk to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (over her shoulder)
dialog: Maddox! You got that?
speaker_heading: MADDOX
dialog: Doing it now!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (back to Talley)
dialog: I'd like you to brief my supervisors
text: before we take over the scene.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Whatever you want.
text: Talley and Martin hurry toward her troops --
scene_heading: INT. THE SMITHS' GARAGE -- NIGHT
text: The garage is dark, lit only by the light that comes from the
text: kitchen's open door, as Dennis, Mars and a reluctant Kevin
dialog: enter --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Someone should stay with Mr. Smith. What
dialog: if he wakes up?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: That's why we tied him, dumbass. Now
dialog: come here and see this --
text: Dennis shows them a small casement window, and pushes open
text: the window to reveal a thick hedge --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (excited)
text: These bushes follow the wall into the
dialog: neighbor's yard. All we need is some
dialog: kind of diversion and we're home free.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That's crazy, Dennis. The cops will see
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
text: Not if they're looking at something else.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Let's burn the house.
text: Mars says it so simply that the moment is frozen. Mars is
text: holding the big claw hammer, kneading it as if it was a
text: living thing. His face is masked by shadows, but his eyes
text: both glow as if already reflecting flame --
scene_heading: INT. CRAWLSPACE ABOVE THE LAUNDRY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: We see Dennis, Kevin, and Mars through a slit overhead as
text: they emerge from the garage and move back into the house --
text: Thomas is watching them. He has cracked open the service
text: hatch in the laundry room ceiling to make sure that his way
dialog: is clear --
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: The room is dark. When Dennis and the others are gone, the
text: ceiling hatch lifts, and Thomas lets himself down. He slides
text: onto the washing machine and then to the floor --
text: Thomas cups one hand over his flashlight and turns it on. He
text: lets light leak through his fingers so that he can see. The
text: beam cuts across a door to the garage, car keys on key hooks,
text: and Jennifer's purse hanging from one of the hooks --
scene_heading: INT. HOBBY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: This is a small room off the end of the laundry with a work
text: bench, a stool, and shelves above the bench for Walter's
dialog: hobby supplies --
text: Thomas shines the light over the shelves, spotting the hard
text: plastic pistol case on the highest shelf. That's the target;
dialog: that's the goal --
text: Thomas uses the stool to climb onto the bench --
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Dennis is in the doorway to the security closet, handing out
dialog: one of the money bags to Kevin --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: We can't carry all this. It's too heavy.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I've been carrying you our whole fuckin'
dialog: lives.
text: Kevin drops the bag and tries to reason with his brother --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Everything we're doing is making it
dialog: worse. You can't let him burn this
dialog: house.
text: Dennis abruptly grabs Kevin by the throat, his face hard with
dialog: fury --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Nothing's worse than listening to you.
dialog: I'm warning you, Kevin--stop holding me
dialog: back. Now you pick up that fuckin' money
dialog: and get ready to go.
text: Dennis glares at Kevin another moment, then lets go and steps
dialog: back into the closet --
scene_heading: INT. THE CLOSET -- NIGHT
text: Dennis lifts the second bag of cash when the monitors catch
text: his eye: The Sheriffs SWAT unit can be seen moving into
dialog: position. Dennis totally freaks --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: They're coming! Kev, Mars, they're
dialog: coming!!!
text: Dennis drops the cash and bolts out of the closet --
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: Mars is placing two buckets of gasoline in the hall as Dennis
text: and Kevin pound down the hall --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: The cops are comin'!
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: I got the gasoline --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: We don't have time!
text: Dennis runs to the French doors. He sees lights at the rear
text: of the property and SHOOTS through the glass --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Get the kids! They're our only chance!
text: Dennis FIRES AGAIN and runs for the stairs --
scene_heading: INT. HOBBY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Thomas is straining to reach the pistol which is a fraction
text: of an inch beyond his grasp when he hears Dennis shouting --
text: Thomas glances helplessly at the gun case--so near, yet so
text: far--then scrambles off the bench and --
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Thomas is climbing onto the washing machine when he once more
text: sees Jennifer's purse hanging on a key hook --
text: Thomas jumps from the washer, grabs the purse, then scrambles
text: into the ceiling as GUNSHOTS ECHO through the house --
scene_heading: EXT. COMMAND STREET -- NIGHT
text: Martin, Maddox, and her supervisors are gathered around
text: Talley when the gunshots crack across the neighborhood --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Who's that shooting? Martin, what's
dialog: going on?
text: Radio transmissions crackle over Martin's radio --
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICES
text: Shots fired! We are taking fire on the
dialog: back wall!
text: Talley immediately knows what's happening, and he knows why --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: They're too close! I told you not to
dialog: crowd him! Pull back your people; do not
dialog: breach that house!
text: Talley sprints toward the cul-de-sac --
scene_heading: INT. CRAWLSPACE -- NIGHT
text: Thomas races through the narrow black tunnel. He slips off
text: the rafters and almost falls through the ceiling. He's
dialog: losing precious time --
scene_heading: INT. THE STAIRWELL -- NIGHT
text: Dennis and Mars pound up the stairs, getting closer to his
dialog: room --
scene_heading: INT. THE CRAWLSPACE -- NIGHT
text: Thomas pushes his way into his closet --
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALL -- NIGHT
text: Dennis and Mars reach the second floor --
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Thomas scrambles into bed just before Dennis jerks open the
text: door. Dennis drags him off the bed and carries him out of
dialog: the room --
scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC -- NIGHT
text: Talley, Martin, and Maddox run into position behind a
text: Sheriff's unit where a deputy has set up the dedicated crisis
dialog: phone --
text: Talley grabs up the phone --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to the deputy)
dialog: This thing good?
text: Talley doesn't wait for the confused deputy to answer; he
text: presses the button in the handle that dials the phone --
speaker_heading: MADDOX
dialog: What in hell are you doing? He's
dialog: shooting at my men!
text: The phone rings in Talley's ear --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Maddox)
dialog: Then get your men off the wall!
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: You breach that house, we're gonna have a
dialog: bloodbath! I know this guy, Captain --
dialog: I can talk to him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to Maddox)
dialog: Order your men to stand down.
text: The phone is still ringing. Talley pulls the mike from the
text: deputy's car and speaks over the public address --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (over the p.a.)
dialog: Look out the window, Dennis. We are NOT
text: entering the house. We're pulling back.
scene_heading: INT. SMITH'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Dennis is holding Thomas around the neck, using the boy as a
text: shield. Kevin is cowering on the floor and Mars is holding
text: Jennifer. Dennis snatches up the phone --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (screaming into the phone)
dialog: You fuck! I got a fuckin' gun to this
dialog: kid's head! I'll kill'm, you fuck!
dialog: Intercut Talley outside --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: It's over now, Dennis! Don't hurt
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (still screaming)
dialog: We'll burn this fuckin' place down! I
dialog: got gasoline all over in here!
text: Talley takes a deep breath; he forces himself to speak
dialog: quietly, calmly --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
text: No one's coming in. A couple of guys out
dialog: here got carried away.
text: Dennis peers out the front. Talley's careful manner is
dialog: calming him --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Goddamned right they got carried away.
text: It looks like an army out there.
text: Talley mutes the phone to speak to Martin --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Martin)
text: It's over. He's cooling off.
text: Talley glances at Maddox. Maddox nods, his expression saying
dialog: that Talley was right --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Talley?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (back into the phone)
dialog: I'm here.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I want a helicopter to take us to Mexico.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: That's not going to happen, Dennis. They
dialog: won't give you a helicopter.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I'll give you these people.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: The Mexican police would arrest you as
dialog: soon as it landed. There's only one way
dialog: out and you're doing it right now--just
dialog: keep talking to us.
dialog: (mutes phone; to Martin and
dialog: Maddox)
dialog: I think we could make the transition now.
dialog: Maddox, you good to go?
text: Maddox nods at Martin; he's good to go --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Dennis)
dialog: Hey, Dennis? Can I let you in on a
dialog: personal secret?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I gotta piss real bad.
text: Dennis can't help himself; he laughs --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You're a funny guy, Talley.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'm going to put on an officer named Will
dialog: Maddox. You talk to him for a while.
text: Talley hands the phone to Maddox, who moves past Talley for a
text: better view of the house. Talley looks grimly at Martin --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
text: He says he has gasoline set to burn the
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Jesus. He must've siphoned it from the
dialog: cars.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: If you go in, you can't use tear gas or
text: flashbangs. The whole place would go up.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (not without humor)
dialog: Looks like you're bailing out at the
dialog: right time.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (returns her smile)
dialog: That's why you get the big bucks,
dialog: Captain.
text: Talley is moving away when his radio pops --
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: Chief, base.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (keying his shoulder mike)
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
text: I couldn't find Jane. She wasn't at the
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You have her cell number?
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
text: She didn't answer.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: They might be at the house. Keep trying
dialog: and let me know. I'm going to be here a
text: little while longer.
text: Talley closes his phone and continues away --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Dennis and Kevin are at the television, watching an aerial
text: view of the Sheriffs deploying around the house. Jennifer
text: and Thomas are huddled by their father --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
text: We're surrounded. They're all over the
dialog: neighborhood.
text: Mars enters carrying candles and flashlights. He lights a
dialog: candle and place it on a table --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: What the fuck is that?
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: They'll cut the power.
text: Mars tosses a flashlight to Dennis --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What about my father?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Aw, Jesus, not more of this.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Look at him! I think he's dying!
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (to Kevin and Mars)
dialog: Take'm back upstairs, but don't tie'm
dialog: like before. That little fuck untied
dialog: himself anyway.
text: Dennis returns to the shutters as Mars and Kevin take the
dialog: kids --
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Mars shoves Thomas into the room, then lifts the claw hammer.
text: For an instant, we think he's going to hit the boy--but he
text: smashes off the door knob, instead.
text: Mars glares at Thomas, then pulls the door closed. The knob
text: on Thomas's side is gone; there's no way for Thomas to open
text: the door.
text: But that's okay by Thomas. He waits until he's sure that
text: Mars is gone, and then he hurries back to his closet --
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' CLOSET -- NIGHT
text: Thomas pulls open the hatch, fishes out his flashlight, then
text: dumps the contents of Jennifer's purse on the floor.
text: He picks up her cell phone.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. PENA'S BATHROOM -- NIGHT
text: Talley closes his eyes with a blissful expression as a
text: familiar sound fills the bathroom; he's taking a piss.
text: His radio crackles --
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: Chief, base.
text: Talley finishes his business, and keys his mike --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Did you find Jane and Mandy?
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: Could you call me back on your phone?
dialog: Right away.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: What's wrong with the radio?
speaker_heading: LOUISE'S VOICE
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: Other people can hear us. Just call.
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Stand by.
text: Now Talley is worried. He pulls out his phone and punches
text: the speed dial. It rings only once --
text: Intercut Louise, at her desk outside Talley's office --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Is something wrong with Jane?
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: We have a boy on the line. He says he's
dialog: Thomas Smith and he's calling from the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: It's a crank, Louise. C'mon, don't waste
dialog: my time with that!
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: His cell number belongs to the Smiths. I
dialog: think it's real, Chief. I think this boy
text: is inside that house.
text: Talley worries it only for a moment --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Put him on.
text: Talley pushes out of the bathroom into --
scene_heading: INT. MRS. PENA'S FAMILY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: He flags Leigh Metzger as he cups the phone --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Metzger)
dialog: Get Martin. Right away.
text: As Metzger hurries away, we intercut Thomas, hiding in the
text: shadows on his bed, whispering so as not to be overheard --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: This is Chief Talley. Tell me your name,
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Thomas Smith. I'm in the house that's on
dialog: TV. Dennis hit my dad and now he won't
dialog: wake up. You gotta help him.
text: Talley can tell by the tremor in the boy's voice--this is for
dialog: real --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Slow down, Thomas. Take it easy and talk
dialog: to me. Was your father shot?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
text: Dennis hit him. His head's all big and
dialog: he won't wake up. I'm really scared.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: How about you and your sister?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: We're okay.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Where are you right now?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: In my room.
text: Talley hurries to a large sketch of the Smiths' floor plan
text: laid out on the dining room table --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: That's on the second floor. Could you
dialog: climb out your window if we were
dialog: downstairs to catch you?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: They nailed the windows. I can't get'm
dialog: open.
text: Martin enters with Leigh Metzger. Talley cups the phone to
dialog: give her the headline --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: I've got the boy on the phone. He's
text: using a cell phone.
dialog: (back to Thomas)
dialog: What was that, son? I didn't hear you.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: If I try to climb out they'll see me on
dialog: the security cameras. They would see you
dialog: outside, too --
text: Thomas hears someone outside his door --
speaker_heading: THOMAS (CONT'D)
dialog: They're coming!
text: Thomas hangs up, jamming his phone behind the bed --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Thomas? Thomas...?
text: Talley lowers the phone --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
text: He says that his father's hurt.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: If we have a man dying in there, we'll
dialog: have to go in.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: They have security cameras. Rooney would
dialog: see you coming.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Did the boy say that any of them are in
dialog: immediate danger?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: No. He said that his father's
text: unconscious; he didn't say he was dying.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Then I think we should wait. Do you
dialog: agree?
text: Talley finally nods --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You want me to stick around, I could --
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You've been here all day, Chief. Take a
dialog: break. See your family. If I need you,
dialog: I'll call.
text: Talley looks like the most tired guy in the world. He nods
text: his good-night, then turns away --
scene_heading: INT. TALLEY'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Talley slides into his car outside Mrs. Pena's home. He's
dialog: got a lot on his mind, and not all of it centers around 455
text: Castle Way. He punches a number into his cell phone --
text: He listens to ringing, and then his own voice answers --
scene_heading: TALLEY'S VOICE MESSAGE
dialog: This is Jeff Talley. Leave your name and
text: number after the beep.
text: We hear the beep, then --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: Jane? If you're there, pick up, okay?
dialog: Mandy?
text: No one answers. Talley closes his phone, his apprehension
dialog: increasing --
scene_heading: EXT. YORK ESTATES FRONT GATE -- NIGHT
text: The Bristo officers manning the gate swing the blockade aside
dialog: and wave Talley through --
scene_heading: EXT. MEDIA AREA -- NIGHT
text: The assembled television microwave vans, radio newsvans, and
text: reporters are parked together in an empty lot one block from
text: the front gate.
text: Ken Seymore steps into the street, speaking into a cell phone
text: as he watches Talley drive away --
speaker_heading: SEYMORE
dialog: (into his phone)
text: He's leaving now.
scene_heading: EXT. RED LIGHT INTERSECTION -- DAY
text: A traffic light on the outskirts of town, deserted until
text: Talley's car pulls to a stop --
scene_heading: INT. TALLEY'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Suddenly, two masked men point guns at his head, one from the
text: driver's side, one from the passengers. They're wearing
text: jackets, black ski masks, and gloves. The man on the
text: passenger side sports a big gold Rolex, so we'll call him the
dialog: Watchman --
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: (meaning the gun)
dialog: Do you see the fuckin' gun?! Look at it!
text: Talley freezes. He's been blindsided by this insane shit,
dialog: but he knows better than to move --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Take it easy.
text: The man on the driver's side gets into the backseat, then the
text: Watchman gets into the passenger side. The man behind Talley
text: hooks an arm around Talley's throat while the Watchman
dialog: searches for Talley's gun --
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: Where's your gun?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'm the Chief. I don't carry it.
text: The Watchman nods at the backseater, who releases Talley.
text: A dark green Mustang roars up ahead of Talley's car. A
text: second car tucks in tight on Talley's rear --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: Follow the Mustang. We won't go far.
text: The Mustang pulls out, and Talley follows.
scene_heading: EXT. A DESERTED ALLEY -- NIGHT
text: The three cars turn into the alley. They stop, the first and
text: last cars bumper-to-bumper with Talley's. The cars are so
text: close to Talley that his own vehicle is pinned; he couldn't
dialog: drive away now even if he wanted --
scene_heading: INT. TALLEY'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: The Watchman puts Talley's car in park, turns off the
text: ignition, and takes the key.
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: I know you're scared, but unless you do
dialog: something stupid we're not going to hurt
dialog: you. You understand?
text: Two more masked men approach from the other cars, one coming
text: to Talley's window, the other getting into the back seat
text: behind the Watchman.
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't just fuckin' sit there, dumbass.
dialog: Do you understand?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: These guys are going to take hold of you.
dialog: Don't freak out. It's for your own good.
text: The three men take hold of Talley, the man behind again
text: looping his arm around Talley's neck, the other two each
dialog: twisting Talley's arms --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: What is this?
text: The Watchman holds a distinctive white cell phone to Talley's
dialog: ear --
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: Say hello.
speaker_heading: JANE'S VOICE
dialog: Jeff? Is that you?
text: Talley goes berserk. He bucks and tries to pull away, but
text: the three men hold tight --
text: The Watchman closes the phone --
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: (trying to calm Talley)
dialog: I know, I know--she's all right. Your
dialog: kid's all right, too. C'mon, now, relax.
dialog: From this point on, you control what
dialog: happens to them.
text: Talley can barely breathe, they're holding him so tight --
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Can we let go? You past your shock and
dialog: all that, we can turn you loose and you
dialog: won't do something stupid?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You can let go.
text: The Watchman glances at the men; they let go --
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: Here's the deal--Walter Smith has two
text: computer disks like this in his house.
dialog: They're labeled 'Marlon' and 'Al.'
text: The Watchman holds up a thick black Zip disk. Talley's
dialog: expression tells us that this is the weirdest shit he's ever
dialog: heard --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Marlon and Al....
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: We want them. You will not let anyone go
dialog: into that house--or anything come out--
dialog: until my people recover these disks.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I can't control what happens. The
text: Sheriffs are running the scene.
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: You will re-assume command. In two
dialog: hours, a group of my people will arrive
dialog: at York Estates. You will tell the
dialog: Sheriffs that they are an FBI tactical
dialog: team.
text: The Watchman puts the white cell phone into Talley's hand --
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: When this phone rings, you answer. It
dialog: will be me. I'll tell you what to do.
dialog: When I have what I want, you get your
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You want . . . Marlon and Al.
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: I have people in York Estates right under
dialog: your nose. If you do anything except
dialog: what I'm telling you, you'll get Jane and
dialog: Amanda back in the mail. We clear on
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: These disks . . . where are they?
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
dialog: Smith will know.
text: The Watchman and the others get out of Talley's car. The
text: doors slam shut. The Watchman leans in --
speaker_heading: THE WATCHMAN
text: When it rings, answer.
text: The Watchman tosses the keys into Talley's lap. We hear car
text: doors open and close; the cars, front and back, roar to life
dialog: and speed away --
text: Talley focuses on the Mustang's license plate, frantically
dialog: scratching down the number --
scene_heading: INT. BRISTO CAMINO POLICE DEPARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: The place is deserted except for Louise, currently at her
dialog: desk to monitor radio communications.
text: Talley enters, looking as if he's stricken. Louise can't
dialog: help herself but to react --
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: You look terrible. Chief, are you all
dialog: right?
text: Talley barely glances at her, going directly to his office --
scene_heading: INT. TALLEY'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Talley steps inside and peels off his uniform shirt. He
text: takes a bullet-resistant vest and a black sweatshirt from his
text: closet. He straps on the vest, then pulls on the sweatshirt.
text: Talley sits at his desk and lifts out a ballistic nylon
text: pistol case from the lower drawer.
text: He takes out his old SWAT combat piece: This isn't a pussy
text: 9mm; it's a finely tuned .45-caliber Colt Model 1911. One
text: shot, one kill. Talley ejects the empty magazine, then loads
text: it with a deadly efficiency. He slams home the magazine --
text: Talley clips the gun to his belt under his sweatshirt. He's
text: ready to rock. The camera finds the photograph of Talley
dialog: during his days as a SWAT tactical officer --
dialog: He was one bad motherfucker.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAIN ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Talley heads for the front door --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'm going back to York. Have Larry meet
dialog: me at the front gate.
text: Talley exits without a backward glance --
scene_heading: EXT. YORK ESTATES FRONT GATE -- NIGHT
text: The helicopters orbit in the distance; the empty lot with the
text: news vans is in the background.
text: Talley turns into the development, then stops at the side of
text: the street where Larry Anders is waiting --
scene_heading: INT. TALLEY'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Anders slides into the passenger seat. He sees a different
text: Talley now, focused and grim --
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: What's up, Chief?
text: Talley stares at Anders, trying to decide: Can I trust him?
dialog: Will he rat me out to the Watchman and cost the lives of my
dialog: wife and child?
speaker_heading: ANDERS (CONT'D)
dialog: Did I do something wrong?
text: Talley gives him a slip of paper --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I want you to run this license plate and
dialog: phone number. Then I want you to find
dialog: out everything you can about Walter
dialog: Smith.
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: The guy in the house?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Go back to the office. Run his name
text: through the FBI and the NLETS database.
dialog: I think he's involved with illegal activity
dialog: or he associates with people who are.
text: Anders glances at the slip again, then tucks it away --
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: Wow. Sure, right away, Chief.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Don't tell anyone what you're doing, not
dialog: Louise, not the other guys, not the
dialog: Sheriffs. You understand me, Larry?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Fuck guessing. You keep your mouth shut.
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: I will, Chief. Absolutely.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Get to work.
text: Anders climbs out and Talley rockets away --
scene_heading: EXT. COMMAND STREET -- NIGHT
text: Talley pulls up behind the Sheriffs' command van. Martin,
text: surprised to see Talley, steps from the van --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'm re-assuming command of the scene.
dialog: 
text: Martin is surprised and angry --
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Excuse me? You requested our help. You
dialog: turned over command --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: And now I'm taking it back. We're
text: getting Smith out of the house.
text: Talley heads for the cul-de-sac --
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Jennifer is on her bed in the darkness, groggy with fear and
text: fatigue. She hears someone outside in the hall --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Thomas?
text: The door knob rattles. Jennifer slides out of bed and goes
dialog: to the door --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: Thomas, is that you?
text: The door suddenly opens, and Mars is framed in the dim light.
text: Jennifer jumps back, terrified --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: We can't make the microwave work.
text: That seems so outlandish that Jennifer is confused --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: We're hungry. You're going to cook.
text: Mars grabs her hair, and pushes her out the door --
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: Mars shoves Jennifer into the kitchen. Two frozen pizzas are
dialog: waiting on the counter --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Make the pizza. I want scrambled eggs
dialog: and hot dogs on mine.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: How about dog shit?
text: Mars takes a carton of eggs and a package of hot dogs from
dialog: the refrigerator --
speaker_heading: MARS
text: With hot sauce and butter.
text: Jennifer takes a bowl from the cupboard. When she sets down
text: the bowl, she sees the handle of the paring knife by the food
text: processor. Jennifer breaks eggs into the bowl --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I need a frying pan. Would you get one?
text: Over there, under the range.
text: As soon as Mars turns away, Jennifer palms the knife and
text: pushes it into the waist of her shorts --
scene_heading: EXT. THE CUL-DE-SAC -- NIGHT
text: Talley joins Maddox behind the car --
speaker_heading: MADDOX
dialog: What put a wild hair up your ass?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I changed my mind. That's all you need
dialog: to know.
text: Talley picks up the dedicated crisis phone that's been cut
text: into the Smiths' telephone line. He lifts the receiver and
text: presses a button. The phone inside the house rings --
text: Intercut Dennis inside Smith's office. He answers --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: That you, Talley?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: The one and only. We got a little
dialog: problem out here, Dennis.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You oughta try on the problem I got in
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I need you to let me talk to Mr. Smith.
text: Dennis shoots a nervous glance at Walter, who's twitching and
text: shuddering on the couch --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: We been through that. Forget it.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: We can't forget it. The Sheriffs think
dialog: you won't let me talk to Smith because
dialog: he's dead. They think you murdered him.
dialog: Maddox can't believe that Talley is saying this --
speaker_heading: MADDOX
dialog: (low, so that Dennis can't
dialog: hear)
dialog: What in hell are you doing?!
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: That's bullshit! The guy's right here!
dialog: He's alive!
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (pressing Dennis harder)
dialog: If you don't let me talk to him, they're
text: going to attack the house.
text: Maddox grabs Talley's arm, his voice a low hiss --
speaker_heading: MADDOX
dialog: You're gonna set him off, goddamnit!
dialog: That's crazy!
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: They better not!
text: Talley pushes Maddox away and amps the pressure on Dennis --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Help me keep them out! Let me speak to
dialog: Smith, Dennis. Let me speak to him right
dialog: now.
text: Dennis is freaking. He believes that the Sheriffs are about
dialog: to crash through the doors --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: SHIT!!!!
text: Now Talley throttles back; he senses that Dennis is at the
text: breaking point and wants to coax him back from the edge --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (calmer; coaxing)
dialog: Talk to me, Dennis. Help me help you.
dialog: Why can't you put Smith on the phone?
dialog: Dennis finally makes the admission --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (quietly)
text: He got knocked out. It's like he's
text: sleeping. He just lays there.
text: Talley gives a thumbs-up to Maddox, who sits back in awe.
dialog: This crazy shit is working --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Dennis)
dialog: Now I understand. That helps. I can
dialog: make them understand that.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Let me come get him.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Fuck that! You bastards will jump me!
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: If you won't let me come in, then put him
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You'll cap my ass as soon as I step out
dialog: the door!
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You've already helped yourself once,
dialog: Dennis; be smart again. If you save his
dialog: life, it'll help when you get to court.
text: Dennis is at the edge; he's looking straight down into his
text: deepest fears. He finally relents --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Fuck you, Talley, fuck you! You and one
dialog: other guy, but that's it! I want you
dialog: stripped! I gotta know you don't have
dialog: guns!
text: Dennis slams down the phone --
text: Talley lowers the crisis phone, then looks at Maddox --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Bring up the ambulance.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CUL-DE-SAC -- A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Mobile banks of flood lamps illuminate the front of the
text: house. The ambulance waits behind the lights; tactical
text: officers with M5s and M16s hunker in position in case the
dialog: program goes south --
text: Talley and a paramedic named Bigelow emerge between the
text: lights, wearing only shorts and shoes. Bigelow is carrying a
dialog: collapsable stretcher --
text: They stop in the mouth of the drive with a full view of the
text: front door. Talley lifts his cell phone --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Okay, Dennis, we won't approach the house
dialog: until you've closed the door.
text: The front door opens, a crack at first, then wider. The line
text: of officers behind the lights shifts --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Easy....
text: Kevin and Mars waddle out with Walter Smith between them.
text: They put him down about six feet from the front door, then
dialog: return to the house --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Bigelow)
dialog: Let's do it.
text: Talley and Bigelow move forward. When they reach Walter,
text: Bigelow opens the stretcher and locks out the frame. He
text: peels back Walter's eyelids and flashes a penlight --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: How's he look?
speaker_heading: BIGELOW
dialog: He's got a concussion for sure. I'm
text: going to brace him.
text: As Bigelow sets a cervical neck brace, Talley gets the creepy
text: feeling that he's being watched. He turns toward the
text: shutters, and finds a pair of eyes only inches from his own.
dialog: It's Mars.
text: Talley stares at Mars, and Mars stares back. It's as if
text: they're locked in a contest of wills until --
speaker_heading: BIGELOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's get him on the stretcher.
text: Talley turns away to help Bigelow --
speaker_heading: BIGELOW (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll support his head and shoulders. You
text: lift his hips and knees. On three.
dialog: Three.
text: As they carry Walter away, Talley glances back at the eyes.
text: Mars is still watching him --
scene_heading: IN THE CUL-DE-SAC--TALLEY AND BIGELOW
text: are surrounded by cops as soon as they step into the shadows
text: behind the lights. Another paramedic takes the stretcher
text: from Talley. Maddox is waiting with Talley's clothes --
speaker_heading: MADDOX
dialog: You ready to tell me what's going on?
text: Talley pulls on his pants --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: No.
text: Talley stalks straight to the ambulance, pulling on his
text: sweatshirt as he goes --
scene_heading: INT. THE AMBULANCE -- NIGHT
text: A young physician named Klaus is examining Walter as Talley
text: steps up into the ambulance --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'm the chief of police here. I have to
dialog: talk to him.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Ain't gonna happen. We've got unequal
dialog: pupilation. He could have an
text: intracranial hematoma or a fracture or
dialog: both.
text: Talley ignores the doctor and shakes Walter by the face --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Smith! Wake up!
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: What are you doing?! Stop that!
text: Walter's eyes flutter, one more open than the other. Talley
dialog: leans closer --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Smith)
dialog: Wake up, goddamnit. Who are you?
text: Klaus tries to shove Talley away, but it's like pushing a
dialog: wall --
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: This man needs a hospital! Stop it!
text: Talley grabs Klaus by the arm, trying to make him see --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Use smelling salts, give him a shot,
dialog: whatever. I just need a minute.
text: Bigelow climbs behind the wheel and starts the ambulance.
text: Talley pounds on the wall, shouting --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop the fuckin' engine!
text: Klaus and Bigelow are both staring at Talley. Sheriffs and
text: Talley's own officers have gathered at the open rear of the
dialog: ambulance to see what all the shouting is about --
text: Klaus pointedly looks at Talley's hand gripping his arm. He
text: speaks slowly, trying to make Talley understand --
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: I'm not going to wake him. I don't even
dialog: know that I can.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Just one question. Please.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: He. Can't. Answer.
text: Talley stares at Walter Smith. So close. So damned close.
dialog: Walter knows about the disks. Walter might even know who has
dialog: Jane and Amanda. But now Walter can't talk --
text: Talley turns away and climbs out of the ambulance --
scene_heading: EXT. THE CUL-DE-SAC -- NIGHT
text: As Talley emerges from the van, he pulls Metzger aside --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I want you waiting in Smith's lap. I
dialog: want to know the second--and I mean the
dialog: second--that he wakes up.
text: As Metzger hurries after the ambulance, a phone in Talley's
text: pocket rings. He's startled and scared; it might be the
text: Watchman. Talley takes out the Watchman's white phone, but
text: it's not ringing.
text: He answers his other phone --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Talley.
speaker_heading: ANDERS' VOICE
dialog: It's me, Chief. Can you talk?
text: Talley notices that Martin, Maddox, and the others are
text: staring at him. He turns away --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: What'd you find out?
speaker_heading: ANDERS' VOICE
text: The cell phone is registered to a jewelry
dialog: store in Beverly Hills. The phone
dialog: company shows no unusual --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Dead end--it's a clone. What about the
dialog: Mustang?
speaker_heading: ANDERS' VOICE
dialog: It was stolen.
text: Talley lowers the phone in frustration, then --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You get anything on Smith?
speaker_heading: ANDERS' VOICE
dialog: Chief...it's like none of this exists.
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Keep trying.
text: Talley pockets his phone. He watches the ambulance pull
text: away, then strides back through the banks of lights to the
text: nearest patrol car. He grabs the dash mike and keys the
dialog: public address --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (through the p.a.)
dialog: Call me. If you're safe, call me.
text: Talley's voice echoes across the neighborhood. Every cop in
text: the cul-de-sac stares at him. He has addressed the house
text: for, apparently, no reason. Dennis shouts from his window --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I'll be safe when I'm outta here, you
dialog: asshole! I'm not talking any more!
text: Talley drops the mike without a word and walks away --
scene_heading: INT. GLEN HOWELL'S MOTEL ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Howell is on the phone with Ken Seymore, watching the
dialog: televised news coverage with increasing alarm --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Was Smith talking?
text: Intercut Seymore, who is reporting from the York front gate
text: as the ambulance roars away, siren wailing --
speaker_heading: SEYMORE
dialog: I heard he's fucked up. They're taking
text: him to the hospital.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Goddamnit, tell me what you know. Did
dialog: the cops go in? Did Smith have the
dialog: disks?
speaker_heading: SEYMORE
dialog: I don't know. Talley talked those punks
dialog: into letting Smith out. He's fucking us
dialog: over, Glen. That guy is fucking us over.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: What hospital?
speaker_heading: SEYMORE
dialog: Canyon Country.
text: Howell slams down the phone. He breathes deeply, taking a
text: moment to center himself. He lifts the phone and punches a
dialog: number --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: I have another job for you.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMAND STREET -- NIGHT
text: Talley is by himself, pacing at the curb well away from the
text: other officers. He is holding his cell phone. Waiting.
text: Finally, it rings. Talley answers, listens, then --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Put him on.
text: Intercut Thomas, phoning Talley in his room --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Is my daddy okay?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: The doctors are taking care of him right
dialog: now. Thomas . . . are you safe? Can you
dialog: talk?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I need your help with something. But if
dialog: you think those guys could catch you,
dialog: then I don't want you to do it, okay?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'm serious, Thomas; I don't want you to
dialog: get hurt.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: What do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Your dad has two computer disks. They
dialog: have funny names: Marlon and Al.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: He has lots of disks.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I think he was working on them today, so
dialog: they're probably in his office. Could
dialog: you find them and see who they belong to?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Dennis won't let me go to the desk. He
text: makes me sit on the floor.
text: Talley absorbs the bad news like his last best hope of saving
text: his family is circling the drain --
speaker_heading: THOMAS (CONT'D)
dialog: But I might be able to sneak into the
dialog: office if they're not around. Then I
dialog: could open the disks here in my room.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I thought they locked you in your room.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I can get into the crawlspace from my
text: closet and climb all over the house.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Can you get into the office?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I can get into the den. The office is
text: right across the hall.
text: Talley thinks about what the boy is saying, and what he'll
dialog: have to do to get Marlon and Al --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: If I get Rooney into the back of the
dialog: house, can you find the disks without
dialog: being caught?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Talley glances toward the SWAT Command Van as he comes up
dialog: with a plan --
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMMAND VAN -- NIGHT
text: Martin, Maddox, and several of her supervisors are gathered
text: outside the van as Talley approaches --
text: Martin sees him coming and steps away to meet him. She's
dialog: pissed off and she wants answers --
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I want to know what in hell you're doing.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'm looking for you. I need your
dialog: tactical unit.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm not stupid! You can't get out of
dialog: here fast enough, then you take back
dialog: command; you agree to wait on Smith, then
dialog: you risk everything in a stupid stunt to
dialog: get him out --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Don't question me, Captain! This is my
dialog: crime scene!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (shouting over him)
dialog: -- then when you get him, you damn near
dialog: assault the man in the ambulance! What
dialog: is going on?
text: Talley glares at her, half-a-heartbeat from going off, and
text: then he throttles back --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I'm a negotiator, Captain. I negotiate.
dialog: That's all you need to know. Now are you
dialog: going to help me or not?
text: Martin weighs the determination in his eyes. She's angry,
text: she's resentful, and she wants to knock Talley onto his ass--
text: but, instead, she glances back to her van --
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Maddox! Let's give the man a hand!
scene_heading: INT. SMITHS' DEN -- NIGHT
text: Dennis steps through the double doors that open from the
text: entry and admires the room--rich paneled walls, soft leather
text: couches and chairs, and a lush beaten-copper bar. Walter
text: Smith's office is directly across the hall.
text: Dennis saunters behind the bar, letting his fingers play over
text: the copper, then pours a stiff Ketel One on the rocks.
text: Kevin appears behind him, watching, as Dennis takes a seat on
text: one of the leather bar stools, then peels a hundred off a
text: thick roll and drops it on the bar --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (to an imaginary bartender)
dialog: Keep the change, m'man.
text: Dennis takes a deep drink of the vodka as Kevin approaches --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: We're fucked.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: We're fucked until we think of a way out;
dialog: then we're rich.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: There is no way out.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: For chrissake, please! Help me
dialog: celebrate! I figured it out!
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Celebrate what? Going to prison?
dialog: Dennis enjoys another stiff belt --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: No, dumbass--Talley. Talley's the guy
dialog: who keeps us in here, and Talley's the
dialog: guy who can let us out.
text: Dennis grins as if he's discovered the wisdom of the ages --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Cops want to be rich like everyone else.
dialog: All we have to do is share.
text: (leans closer and lowers his
dialog: voice)
dialog: And if he wants someone to swing for the
dialog: Chinaman, we'll give'm Mars.
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Dennis.
text: Mars is standing in the doors, large and ominous. For an
text: insane moment Dennis thinks that Mars has heard, but then --
speaker_heading: MARS (CONT'D)
dialog: The food's ready.
text: Dennis grins, then shoves Kevin out of the room ahead of him,
text: the three of them disappearing toward the kitchen as --
text: The camera drifts up to an air vent in the ceiling, through
text: the slats in the grate to --
scene_heading: INT. CRAWLSPACE -- NIGHT
text: Thomas watches them leave through a hole in the air duct.
text: When he's confident that they are gone, he continues along
text: the crawlspace to a service hatch that opens down into --
scene_heading: INT. WINE CELLAR - NIGHT
text: The "wine cellar" is a climate-controlled closet behind the
text: bar fitted with floor-to-ceiling wine racks.
text: The ceiling hatch lifts, and Thomas climbs down the racks to
text: the floor. He eases open the door and peeks out behind the
text: bar. The den is bright with light, and empty --
text: Thomas lifts his cell phone --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (whispers into the phone)
dialog: It's me, Chief. I'm in the den.
scene_heading: EXT. SMITHS' REAR WALL -- NIGHT
text: Talley, Maddox, and several tactical officers are lined along
text: the rear wall, watching the house. Talley, with a phone to
text: his ear, is looking through a night-vision scope --
text: He can see into the kitchen through the French doors. Mars
text: and Jennifer are inside, and, as we watch, Dennis and Kevin
dialog: enter --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: Okay, bud, here we go.
text: Talley hands the scope to Maddox, then keys his radio mike --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into his mike)
dialog: Captain? Kill the lights.
scene_heading: INT. SMITHS' KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: Dennis and Kevin are digging into plates of pizza and eggs
dialog: when the house goes dark --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Shit! It's the cops!
text: The backyard ERUPTS; explosions from Starflash grenades JUMP
text: and CAREEN over the swimming pool like New Year fireworks.
dialog: It sounds like World War III --
text: Dennis throws himself behind the kitchen counter --
scene_heading: INT. THE DEN -- NIGHT
text: The house now dark, Thomas scurries to the double doors. He
text: peeks around the corner to see if the coast is clear, then
text: darts across the hall to --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: The office is lit only by the flickering candles. Thomas
text: checks his father's computer--no disks. He searches through
text: the papers scattered over the desk, but finds nothing --
text: Then he opens the drawer --
text: The disk case that his father put there earlier is waiting.
text: Thomas opens the case --
dialog: Marlon. Al.
dialog: He found them.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: The Starflash grenades burn out as Talley's amplified voice
text: echoes into the house --
speaker_heading: TALLEY'S VOICE
dialog: It's time to talk face-to-face, Dennis.
dialog: Come out, just you, and we'll talk.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What's he doing? What's going on?!
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Mars! They're trying to blindside us!
dialog: Check the front!
text: Mars lurches to his feet and hurries to the office --
scene_heading: INT. THE OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Thomas is heading for the door when he hears footsteps coming
dialog: fast toward the office --
text: Thomas reverses course and ducks under the desk. He pulls
text: himself into a ball and tries not to breathe --
text: Mars is in the room.
text: The desk is a great oak monster, big as a boat. It sits on
text: curvy legs that leave a gap between the desk and the floor.
dialog: Thomas can see feet --
text: The feet go to the windows --
speaker_heading: DENNIS'S VOICE
dialog: What's going on out front?
text: The feet turn toward the desk. Thomas tries to squeeze
dialog: himself smaller --
speaker_heading: DENNIS'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mars?! What the fuck are they doin'?
text: The feet come to the desk --
speaker_heading: DENNIS'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mars! Something's happening! Get back
dialog: here!
text: The feet hesitate, then, finally, walk away --
text: Thomas scrambles from under the desk and darts across the
dialog: hall --
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD -- NIGHT
text: Talley approaches the house. He can see flashlights moving
dialog: in the kitchen --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Come on, Dennis. Talk to me.
text: Dennis doesn't answer, so Talley moves closer. He spreads
dialog: his hands wide --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm unarmed. I'm looking at you. Get
dialog: out here and let's talk.
text: Dennis comes to the French doors. He stuffs his pistol into
text: his pants, and opens the doors --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You got a sniper out there, gonna shoot
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Only if you try to grab me. We could've
dialog: shot you from the wall.
text: Dennis considers that and accepts it. He steps out of the
text: house and walks over to Talley --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You've been in there a long time.
dialog: What're you waiting for?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Would you be in a hurry to go to prison
dialog: for the rest of your life?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'd be trying to get the best deal that I
dialog: could.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Maybe that's what I'm doing. Can I reach
dialog: in my pocket, show you something?
text: Dennis Rooney steps closer because he doesn't want anyone
dialog: else to see the wad of money he pulls out --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: That's fifty hundred-dollar bills. Five
dialog: grand. They got money in this house,
dialog: Talley, more than you've ever seen.
text: Dennis pushes the money back into his pocket.
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: How much would it be worth to you,
dialog: getting me out of here?
dialog: So that's what keeps Dennis in the house--money. This is the
dialog: first that Talley has heard of the money --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You picked a bad house to hole up in,
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Two hundred thousand cash, right in your
dialog: pocket, no one needs to know.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Give up.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: There's a million dollars in there, maybe
dialog: two million. I'll give you half.
text: Talley stares at Dennis, wondering how much to tell him and
dialog: whether or not it will do any good --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: The man you sent to the hospital is a
dialog: criminal. He has partners. This is
dialog: their house and their money and they want
dialog: it back.
text: These simple facts settle on Dennis like a funeral shroud--
dialog: everything that Smith said earlier now makes a horrible
dialog: sense: You can't imagine the fucking you're going to get.
text: Dennis's eyes fill with defeat and helplessness --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: It ain't been a good day, Chief.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Give up, Dennis. Let these people go.
dialog: At least you'll have your life.
text: Dennis steps inside and pulls the door closed, the darkness
text: in the house swallowing him like dirty water.
text: The power is turned on. The house comes to life --
text: As Talley turns away, his phone once more rings --
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS' ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Thomas is hunkered with his computer behind his bed so that
text: the camera can't see him.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I got'm!
text: Intercut Talley, now back in the cul-de-sac --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Can you open them?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I opened Marlon. I think it's somebody's
dialog: taxes.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Look for names. Does it say whose taxes
dialog: they are?
text: Thomas scrolls through a spread sheet --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I don't see any people names. It's all
dialog: businesses.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Try Al. See if you can open Al.
text: Thomas changes disks and opens Al --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Yeah! Here's a name. This is somebody's
dialog: personal tax --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Charles G. Benza.
dialog: (then; noise in the hall)
dialog: They're coming!
text: Thomas abruptly hangs up and the line goes dead in Talley's
dialog: ear.
text: Talley recognizes the name as easily as an East Coast cop
text: would recognize John Gotti, and realizes the stunning import
dialog: of Smith possessing Sonny Benza's financial records --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Sonny Benza. Oh, fuck.
text: Talley sprints across the cul-de-sac to his nearest officer,
text: Jorgenson, and keys Jorgenson's shoulder mike --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into the mike)
dialog: Leigh? Metzger, answer me!
speaker_heading: METZGER'S VOICE
dialog: I'm at the hospital.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Put a guard on Smith! I want you with
dialog: Smith until I get there!
speaker_heading: JORGENSON
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Get in the car. Now.
text: Talley drops the mike and shoves Jorgenson toward the car --
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON COUNTRY HOSPITAL -- NIGHT
text: Marion Clewes is stepping from his car as Talley's police
text: unit rips into the parking lot with flashing lights --
text: Marion watches Talley and Jorgenson rush into the ER, then he
text: frowns and punches the speed dial on his phone --
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: We're too late. The police are here.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM CORRIDOR -- NIGHT
text: Talley and Jorgenson huddle in the hall with Klaus and the ER
text: supervisor, Dr. Estelle Reese. Metzger is outside Walter's
text: room in the background --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'm posting a guard outside his room, but
dialog: we'll need help from hospital security.
speaker_heading: REESE
dialog: Is my staff in danger?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Not with my officers here, no, ma'am.
text: Metzger steps into Walter's room, then reappears --
speaker_heading: METZGER
dialog: Hey! He's waking up!
text: Talley and Klaus press for the room --
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Walter's eyes flutter open. His voice is slurred, but
dialog: understandable --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Where am I?
text: Klaus peels open Walter's eyes, passing his penlight over
dialog: one, then the other --
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Canyon Country Hospital. Do you remember
dialog: your name?
text: It takes Walter a few moments to answer --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Walter Smith.
text: All of Walter's memories come flooding back, and he tries to
text: sit up. Klaus forces him down --
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Where are my children?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
text: They're still in the house.
text: Walter looks at Talley. He has never seen Talley and has no
dialog: idea who he is --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm Jeff Talley, the Bristo chief of
dialog: police. So far as we know, your children
dialog: are okay.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Chief Talley is the one who got you out.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Klaus)
dialog: I need to talk to him. Alone.
text: This time, Klaus is hard-pressed to refuse. He nods, then
dialog: steps away --
text: Talley turns back to Walter Smith, and lowers his voice --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sonny Benza has my wife and daughter. He
dialog: wants the disks, Marlon and Al. He took
dialog: my family to make me help.
text: Talley's eyes fill. His tears drip on the sheets. Walter
dialog: looks away --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: He's going to kill you. Don't you know
dialog: that? He can't take the chance that
dialog: you'll talk.
text: Klaus returns and places a hand on Talley's shoulder --
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: That's enough.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Another minute. Please --
text: But when he looks back at Walter, he realizes that another
text: minute will do no good: Walter's eyes are once more closed.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL PARKING LOT -- NIGHT
text: Talley is pacing by his car in the deserted parking lot. He
text: pounds the hood, cursing, awash in rage and frustration --
text: And then a phone rings.
text: Talley takes out the phones. The white phone is ringing.
dialog: The Watchman's phone --
text: Talley answers furiously, the two of them instantaneously
dialog: screaming at each other --
scene_heading: THE WATCHMAN'S VOICE
dialog: You dumb fuckwad cop, you fucked up bad!
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Do you think I'm going to let you murder
dialog: someone?!
scene_heading: THE WATCHMAN'S VOICE
dialog: You want a blowtorch on your daughter's
dialog: pretty face?!
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'll go in that fuckin' house right now!
dialog: I'll give those disks to the real FBI,
dialog: you COCKSUCKINGMOTHERFUCKER!! And I've
dialog: got Smith! I've got Smith!!
text: A profound silence fills the parking lot, both men now
text: purged. When the Watchman speaks again, his voice is
dialog: measured --
scene_heading: THE WATCHMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I guess we each have something the other
dialog: wants.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I guess we do.
scene_heading: THE WATCHMAN'S VOICE
dialog: My people are good to go. You know who I
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Your phony FBI assholes.
scene_heading: THE WATCHMAN'S VOICE
dialog: We're almost home, you and me. Keep your
dialog: shit together. This isn't L.A.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: What do you mean by that?
scene_heading: THE WATCHMAN'S VOICE
dialog: You don't want another dead child on your
dialog: conscience.
dialog: The line goes dead --
scene_heading: INT. THE SMITHS' DEN -- NIGHT
text: Dennis is pouring another stiff glass of Ketel One --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I shouldn't have told him about the
dialog: money. Now Talley is gonna keep it for
dialog: himself.
text: Kevin joins him at the bar. Mars is by the doors --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: He said that?
text: Dennis downs a big hit of vodka, then moves to the couch --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: If we don't escape, we gotta get the word
dialog: out about the cash. That's how we'll
dialog: stay alive.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: The only way he can keep the cash is if
dialog: nobody knows about it. He's gotta cap
dialog: all three of us before they even read our
dialog: rights. He's probably planning it right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That's crazy. He's not going to kill us.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Kevin, you're so fuckin' stupid...
text: Kevin follows his brother to the couch and stares at him;
text: Dennis has clearly lost his mind, and Kevin has reached the
dialog: end of his rope --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It's over. We have to give up.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Fuck it's over. That money's mine.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: That money's fucked up your brain.
dialog: Talley's going to get tired of waiting
dialog: for us to give up, and we'll all be
dialog: fuckin' killed!
text: Dennis tips his glass, like a toast --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Then we might as well die rich.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I'm not going to die for this!
text: Kevin slaps the glass away. Dennis boils up from the couch.
text: He grabs his brother and the two of them fall over the coffee
text: table, Dennis hammering Kevin in a furious rage until he runs
dialog: out of gas --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You're my fuckin' anchor, Kevin, the
dialog: fuckin' lead around my life that I've
dialog: been draggin' like a cripple leg!
text: Dennis gets up and steps back --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Get this into your stupid head, Kevin.
dialog: We're not leaving without the money.
text: Beaten and whimpering, Kevin crawls away. Dennis watches him
text: crawl out of the room, then looks at Mars --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You got something to say?
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: I like it here, Dennis. I'm never going
dialog: to leave.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Fuckin' A.
text: Dennis returns to the bar. When he looks around again, Mars
text: is gone--melted into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Jennifer is hiding in her shadows when her doorknob moves. She
text: reaches pulls the knife from her shorts, keeping it hidden as
dialog: she backs away --
text: Kevin steps inside, leaving the door ajar --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Keep your voice down. I'm taking you and
dialog: your brother out of here.
text: Jennifer now sees the marks and cuts on his face --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Do you want to go or not? I'm offering
dialog: you a way out of here.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I can't go without Thomas.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: All three of us will go, but we have to
dialog: move fast. Mars and Dennis don't know
dialog: I'm doing this.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: How can we get out?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Dennis and Mars are in the den. I'll get
dialog: your brother, then come back for you.
dialog: We'll go down the stairs and out the
dialog: front door, you understand?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Yes.
text: Kevin goes back to the door, then considers her. Maybe he
dialog: wants to apologize for all this, but the best he can manage
dialog: is --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Put on some shoes.
text: Kevin slips out and pulls the door closed.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALL -- NIGHT
text: As Kevin emerges from the room, he comes face-to-face with --
dialog: Mars.
text: Mars is a great black shadow in the dark, only inches away.
dialog: Kevin steps back --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: You scared the shit out of me. I was
dialog: looking for you. Dennis wants you to
text: watch the monitors.
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: I heard you with the girl.
text: Kevin takes another step back, but Mars follows him, staying
dialog: uncomfortably close --
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It's over, Mars. If we stay the cops
dialog: will kill us. Don't you get that?
text: Mars seems thoughtful, steps aside --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: I get it. If you want to go, go.
text: Kevin expected Mars to stop him, but Mars is letting him go.
text: Kevin turns away and hurries down the hall --
scene_heading: EXT. YORK ESTATES MAIN ENTRANCE -- NIGHT
text: Talley is returning to the hospital. As he turns into York
text: Estates, he's stopped by one of his officers, Dale Cooper.
text: Talley rolls down his window to see what Cooper wants --
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: Come FBI guys showed up, Chief. They
dialog: said you were expecting them.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: They here now?
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: You'll see'm up the street.
text: Talley nods, and continues through the gate --
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- NIGHT
text: Two gray Econoline vans are parked at the curb beneath a
text: street light, four men in the lead van, two in the rear.
text: Talley pulls up behind them, then gets out of his car. He
text: walks up the middle of the street to the lead van, eyeballing
text: the men in the vans: They all have short haircuts and are
text: wearing black tactical fatigues. Some of them wear ball caps
dialog: that say FBI.
speaker_heading: THE DRIVER
dialog: You Talley?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Yeah.
text: The man in the passenger seat, Mr. Jones, gets out. He looks
text: the part of FBI SWAT: black tac fatigues, jump boots, buzzed
text: hair. A pistol hangs under his left arm in a ballistic
dialog: holster --
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: Let me see some ID. Something with a
dialog: picture. I don't give a shit about your
dialog: badge.
text: Talley takes out his wallet and flashes his photo ID. Jones
dialog: does the same in return --
speaker_heading: MR. JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, here's mine. My name is Special
dialog: Agent Jones.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Are all of you named Jones?
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: Don't be funny, Chief. You can't afford
dialog: it.
text: Jones slaps the side of the van. Doors open, and the
text: remaining five men climb out. They strap into vests with FBI
text: emblazoned on the back, then pass out load-bearing gear, knit
text: masks, and flash-bang grenades.
speaker_heading: MR. JONES (CONT'D)
text: In a few minutes the white phone is going
dialog: to ring. So let's get our shit straight
dialog: before that happens.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You used to be a cop. All of you used to
dialog: be cops. I can tell by the way you move.
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: Don't worry about what we used to be.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: How do you people expect this to work?
dialog: The Sheriffs have a Crisis Response Team
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: What's my name?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: I asked you my name. You just saw my
dialog: commission slip. What's my fucking name?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Special Agent Jones.
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: Think of me that way and you won't fuck
dialog: up. I'll handle the Sheriffs.
text: The men at the second van are now passing out MP5s, CAR-15s,
dialog: and loaded magazines --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: What are you people going to do?
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: You and I are gonna straighten this out
dialog: with the Sheriffs, and then we'll wait
dialog: for the man to call. When he gives the
dialog: word, we move.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: What does he have on you? I know why I'm
dialog: doing this, but what does he have on you?
text: One of the other men hands an MP5 to Mr. Jones. Jones
text: jacks the bolt to chamber a round. He slings his gun without
dialog: answering --
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: Let's go, Chief. Time to get real.
text: Jones walks away, and all Talley can do is follow --
scene_heading: EXT. MARS KRUPCHEK'S TRAILER -- NIGHT
text: We're at the end of a gravel road in the low foothills of
text: Pearblossom, a farm community of fruit orchards in the low
dialog: foothills.
text: A Bristo Camino police car pulls up outside a thirty-foot
text: Caravan trailer, and Mikkelson and Dreyer get out. Mikkelson
text: lights up the trailer with the radio car's spotlight --
speaker_heading: DREYER
text: Krupchek lives in a shithole.
text: The trailer is dark and silent. They walk to the door
text: carrying their Maglites. Mikkelson tries the knob --
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON
dialog: I guess we could jimmy it.
speaker_heading: DREYER
dialog: I don't want to pay for breaking it.
text: Mikkelson pulls hard and the door pops open. Both officers
text: cringe as a smell like simmering mustard greens rolls out at
dialog: them --
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON
dialog: Christ, that stinks.
scene_heading: INT. THE TRAILER -- NIGHT
text: Mikkelson switches on the lights as they step inside. Dreyer
dialog: sees it first --
speaker_heading: DREYER
dialog: Mickey? Look at this shit.
text: Mikkelson joins Dreyer in the trailer's tiny kitchen where
text: teetering stacks of folded cereal boxes fill the counters and
text: sink and floor. Hundreds and hundreds of Captain Crunch and
text: Count Chocula boxes, all neatly folded and stacked --
speaker_heading: DREYER (CONT'D)
dialog: He's burned them.
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON
dialog: What?
text: Dreyer shows her a box. The nose of each character has been
dialog: burned with a cigarette --
speaker_heading: DREYER
dialog: He burned their noses.
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON
dialog: Okay, this is creeping me out.
text: Mikkelson opens the oven. It's empty. She opens a cupboard.
text: It's filled with large glass jars. She opens another
text: cupboard. More jars. Shapes float in the jars, suspended in
text: yellow fluid. Mikkelson and Dreyer examine the shapes --
speaker_heading: DREYER
dialog: What are those, rats?
text: Mikkelson opens the fridge, then slams it, looking like she
dialog: wants to puke --
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON
dialog: Ohmigod. We gotta call Talley.
text: Dreyer sees the expression on her face, then looks at the
dialog: fridge, wondering --
scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC -- NIGHT
text: Talley, Jones, and Jones's phony "FBI" team are moving down
text: the cul-de-sac toward the house with Martin at their heels --
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: Walter Smith is in the Federal Witness
dialog: Protection program. When Washington
dialog: learned about the situation here, they
dialog: asked Chief Talley for his cooperation.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This is bullshit. I should've been
dialog: notified.
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: I'm sure you will be, Captain, but it's
dialog: after midnight. Now, if you'll pull your
dialog: people off the perimeter, I want to get
dialog: my people in position.
text: Martin looks like she wants to spit bullets --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Let it go, Captain.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Goddamned small town bullshit.
text: Martin relents and stalks away just as Talley's phone rings.
text: Both Talley and Jones tense at the ring, thinking it might be
dialog: the white phone, but it's not --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: It's mine.
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: Talley.
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON'S VOICE
dialog: Chief, it's Mikkelson.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Go, Mickey.
scene_heading: EXT. KRUPCHEK'S TRAILER -- NIGHT
text: Both Mikkelson and Dreyer are leaning against their car.
text: They look shellshocked. Mikkelson is making the call --
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON
dialog: Chief, we just found Krupchek's trailer.
dialog: We just went in there.
text: She trails off and looks at Dreyer for help: How do I say
text: this? Dreyer, at a loss, looks away --
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON (CONT'D)
text: He has human body parts in his
text: refrigerator. He has five human heads.
text: Mikkelson can't handle it any more. She lowers the phone --
speaker_heading: WITH TALLEY
text: The shock that Mikkelson is feeling sweeps over Talley as
text: well. He takes a moment to get his head around this --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: Mickey? Call the state Homicide Bureau.
dialog: Don't touch anything, just sit back and
dialog: wait.
speaker_heading: MIKKELSON'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Talley lowers the phone as he stares at the house, wondering
text: what sort of monster is in there with Thomas and Jennifer.
text: His gaze shifts to Mr. Jones, who is watching him --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: We're getting those kids out of there.
scene_heading: INT. THE SMITHS' DEN -- NIGHT
text: Dennis is sprawled on the couch, sucking the last few drops
text: of Ketel One from the bottle. He frowns at the empty bottle,
text: then lumbers to his feet --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Kev? Key, Kevin, c'mon back. I'm sorry
dialog: I hit you.
text: Dennis weaves through the door, carrying the empty bottle
dialog: like his dearest friend --
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: Dennis staggers into the kitchen --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: C'mon, Kev, don't fuckin' pout! You're
dialog: right. It's time to call it a game.
speaker_heading: MARS'S VOICE
dialog: Kevin left. He didn't want to be here
dialog: anymore.
text: The voice from the other side of the kitchen startles him.
text: Mars steps out of the shadows --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You mean he left, as in went out the
dialog: front door?
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: I overheard him with the girl.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Shit! That fuck! Even when I want to
dialog: turn myself in he screws it up! Did he
dialog: take the kids with him?
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Jesus, get upstairs and find out! If he
dialog: took those kids, we're fucked!
text: Mars cross the kitchen and goes for the stairs without
dialog: another word --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: KEVIN!!! You ASSHOLE!!!
text: Dennis throws the bottle across the room --
scene_heading: INT. THE HOBBY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Thomas is scared by all the shouting, but he waits in the
text: darkness until Dennis quiets, and then we notice that he is
text: no longer in his room; he's in the hobby room, once more
text: trying to reach the gun --
text: Thomas stacks two phone books on the bench, then uses the
dialog: phone books as an extra step to reach the high shelf --
text: He can finally reach the gun case! He puts it on the bench,
text: then climbs down, and opens the case. Thomas is bouyant with
dialog: confidence; now, he can protect himself and his sister!
text: Thomas shoves the gun into his pants and creeps back into --
scene_heading: INT. THE LAUNDRY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Thomas is climbing onto the washing machine when his foot
text: slips and he bangs his head --
text: It's so dark in ehre that Thomas can't see what made him
text: slip, but he tests the floor. His shoe makes a tacky sound.
text: Thomas cups his hand over his flashlight like before, and
text: turns it on. A dark liquid like oil is spreading on the
dialog: floor.
text: Thomas follows it with his light to the broom closet. He
text: lets out more light and sees that the oil is red.
text: Thomas knows that something terrible is behind the door, but
text: he is drawn to it. He reaches out --
text: Kevin's lifeless body topples out, collapsing in a heap at
text: Thomas's feet. His neck is cut so deeply that his head is
dialog: almost severed --
text: His eyes are open.
dialog: Thomas screams!
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Jennifer is anxiously waiting for Kevin. When she hears
text: someone in the hall, she thinks that it's Kevin, but when the
dialog: door opens --
dialog: It's Mars.
text: He steps inside, tall, wide, and massive as a bear. He's
text: carrying the claw hammer. Jennifer backs away --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Kevin left without you.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
text: Mars turns off the lights.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't do that. Turn on the lights.
text: Jennifer grows even more frightened. Mars follows her across
text: the room until she backs into the window --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: You'd better get out of here! Kevin's
dialog: coming back!
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Kevin's gone, your daddy's gone,
dialog: everybody's gone.
text: When Mars reaches her, he touches the hammer to the chest,
dialog: pressing to make it hurt --
speaker_heading: MARS (CONT'D)
dialog: Now we can do whatever we want.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Stop it.
text: Mars rakes the claws slowly between her breasts as Jennifer
text: finds the knife in her shorts. She jerks free the blade and
text: stabs blindly burying the knife high in his chest, but Mars
dialog: doesn't even step back --
text: He grips the handle, moaning hideously as he pulls out the
text: knife. A red flower blossoms from the wound.
text: Jennifer tries to get past him, but he grabs her throat and
text: pins her to the wall --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: You're going to enjoy this.
text: He raises the knife to her face --
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: The scream from the laundry room having scared the shit out
text: of Dennis, he has his gun out --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Who's that? Goddamnit, who's there?
text: Dennis turns on his flashlight and sweeps the beam across the
dialog: kitchen --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Kev? Is that you? Talley?
text: Dennis weaves across the kitchen, pushing the gun ahead of
dialog: him --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Kevin, if that's you, say something.
dialog: Mars said you left.
text: Dennis steps through the door into --
scene_heading: INT. THE LAUNDRY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Dennis shines the light on the floor and sees the red ooze.
text: He follows the blood to Kevin's body, but even then doesn't
dialog: realize what he's seeing --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Kevin, what the fuck? Get up.
text: Dennis steps closer, and now he sees the open neck, the
text: grotesque white bone within the flesh --
dialog: Only one other person in the house could have done this --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: MARS?!?!
text: Dennis hears Jennifer screaming upstairs --
speaker_heading: DENNIS (CONT'D)
dialog: MARS!!!
text: Dennis rushes from the room --
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Dennis slams through the door so heard that the door crashes
text: into the wall. Mars is across the room, still holding
dialog: Jennifer by the neck --
text: Dennis aims his gun --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: You're dead, you fuck.
text: Mars calmly pulls the girl in front of him, blocking Dennis's
dialog: aim.
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: What's wrong, Dennis? Why're you so
dialog: pissed off?
text: It's weird the way Mars is acting, so calm and all. But
text: Dennis can see the feat in Jennifer's face and her swollen
text: eyes. She manages one word --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Please...
text: Dennis tries to aim past her --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: This fuck killed Kevin. There's blood
dialog: everywhere down there --
text: Jennifer sobs. And when she does --
text: Mars charges across the room holding Jennifer like a shield.
text: Dennis hesitates only a heartbeat, and then it's too late --
text: Jennifer crashes into him, the full force of Mars's weight
text: behind her, knocking Dennis backward into the hall --
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALL -- NIGHT
text: They fall through the door into a tangle on the floor. Mars
text: raises the hammer, then brings it down, smashing Dennis over
dialog: and over --
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Thomas emerges from the closet to see the carnage in the
text: hall: Mars over Dennis, grunting like a pig as he turns
text: Dennis into pulp, and Jennifer crawling away, splattered with
dialog: blood --
text: Thomas pulls the gun from his pants and darts past Mars into
dialog: the hall --
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALL -- NIGHT
text: Thomas grabs Jennifer's arm and pulls her toward the stairs --
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: C'mon, Jen! Run!
text: Mars heaves to his feet and turns after them --
text: Thomas jerks up the pistol with both hands --
speaker_heading: THOMAS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll shoot you!
text: Mars stops, blood dripping from his face and hands and the
text: hammer. Jennifer pulls her brother --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Keep going!
text: They back toward the stairs, Thomas trying to hold the gun
text: steady. Mars follows, spreading his arms wide as if to
dialog: embrace them --
speaker_heading: MARS
dialog: Everyone's gone. We can do whatever we
dialog: want. We can do anything.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I'll shoot you! I'm not kidding, you
dialog: better stay away!
dialog: Mars keeps coming --
text: Thomas pulls the trigger. Click.
text: Mars stops, frozen by the sharp sound --
text: Thomas pulls again. Click click click --
dialog: No bullets.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Run!!!!!
text: Thomas and Jennifer sprint for the stairs --
scene_heading: INT. FRONT ENTRY -- NIGHT
text: Jennifer and Thomas crash down the stairs and spill into the
text: entry. Thomas goes to the front door but Jennifer pulls him
dialog: away --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: No! They have everything nailed!
text: They race away down the hall just as Mars reaches the bottom
dialog: of the stairs --
scene_heading: INT. THE SMITHS' BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Mars is closing. Jennifer and Thomas scramble through the
text: bedroom only paces ahead of him. They run straight into --
scene_heading: INT. THE SAFE ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Jennifer and Thomas slam the door and throw the bolts just as
text: Mars crashes into the door --
text: Jennifer and Thomas have made it. They are shaking and
text: scared, but they are safe.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: He can't reach us in here. We're safe.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I know.
text: Mars pounds on the door with the hammer. They can see him on
text: the monitors. Slow rhythmic pounding. Then he walks away --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: What's he doing?
text: They can see him on the monitors--moving through the hall,
dialog: going into the entry....
text: Mars picks up a bucket of gasoline. He splashes gas on the
text: walls and floor all the way back to the bedroom, and then he
text: empties the bucket on the security room's door --
text: Mars looks up at the camera again and takes out a match. He
text: flicks it with his thumbnail and it flares --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: Ohmigod, he's going to burn us!
text: Mars tosses the match, and the room erupts into flame --
scene_heading: EXT. THE CUL-DE-SAC -- NIGHT
text: Talley is arguing with Jones, trying to convince the man that
dialog: they need to move into the house now --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: We've got to get those kids out of there!
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
text: Not until the man calls.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Those kids are in there with a fucking
dialog: psychopath! He kills people!
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: They've been in there all day.
text: Talley's phone rings. Again, they both think that it's the
text: white phone, but instead it's Talley's personal phone --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: Talley.
text: It's Thomas. His voice cuts in and out, broken by static --
speaker_heading: THOMAS'S VOICE
dialog: Mars killed Kevin and Dennis! We're in
text: the security room. He's burning the
dialog: house --
text: Thomas' phone cuts out. Talley turns toward the house and
text: sees a growing column of smoke. He looks back at Jones --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You do what you have to do; I'm getting
dialog: those kids.
text: Talley hurries away. Jones stares after him, then comes to
text: his own agonized decision. He catches up --
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: Talley! We'll secure the house, but then
dialog: we get the disks.
text: Talley accepts that; they move toward the house --
scene_heading: EXT. THE SMITHS' HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: The banks of floodlights abruptly shut off, plunging the
dialog: house and grounds into darkness --
scene_heading: INT. THE MASTER BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: The fire is spreading, following the gasoline trail through
text: the hall and the rest of the house; a thick layer of smoke
dialog: covers the ceiling --
text: Mars sees that the outside lights have been turned off, and
dialog: senses that the cops are making their move. That's all right
dialog: with Mars--he's been waiting to die for most of his life --
text: Mars checks the load in his pistol, then melts away into the
dialog: dark --
text: A moment later, throbbing music pounds the house --
scene_heading: EXT. SMITHS' HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Talley and Jones slip up to a side window at the front of the
text: house. Both are carrying fire extinguishers. They peer
text: inside, then Jones uses a pry bar to lift the window --
scene_heading: INT. FRONT GUEST ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Talley enters first, followed by Jones. The air is thick
text: with smoke, and the music is confusing; the hall outside the
text: room is filled with flames --
text: Talley points toward the bedroom, then uses hand signals to
dialog: countdown the launch--three...two...one --
text: Jones keys his throat mike to launch the strike --
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: Go --
text: They blast the flames with their fire extinguishers, then
text: plunge into the hall --
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: The sliding glass doors shatter as one of Jones's men
text: breaches the door. As he rolls to his feet, Mars shoots him
dialog: from the flames --
text: A second man rolls through the door, and Mars shoots again,
text: laughing as the man writhes in flames --
scene_heading: INT. HALL -- TALLEY AND JONES
text: fight back the flames with their fire extinguishers, working
dialog: their way into --
scene_heading: INT. THE MASTER BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: It's an inferno as Talley and Jones come through the door.
text: They spot the two men on the floor just as --
text: Mars rears up behind the flames. He is shirtless and
text: glistening, screaming maniacally is he fires his gun --
text: Talley and Jones fire in unison, pounding Mars with bullets
text: and knocking him into the fire. Mars thrashes and screams,
dialog: burning alive --
text: Talley hears pounding inside the safe room: Jennifer and
text: Thomas! He fights his way to the security door, which is
dialog: covered with flames --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: The kids are in here!
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: Where's the office?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Help me, goddamnit, we can get the disks
dialog: later!
text: Talley expects that Jones will help, but Jones is aiming his
dialog: gun --
speaker_heading: MR. JONES
dialog: We don't need you any more, Chief. We
dialog: can get the disks on our own.
text: But before Jones can kill Talley, Mars heaves himself up from
text: the flames, firing wildly. He hits Jones in the head --
text: Talley fires reflexively, his powerful .45 kicking Mars
text: across the room and out the glass doors. Talley turns back
text: to the burning door and douses the flames with his fire
dialog: extinguisher --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Thomas! Thomas, it's me!
text: Thomas and Jennifer jerk open the door, but shrink from the
text: heat. Talley uses the last of his fire extinguisher, then
text: pulls them into his arms --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay close. We're going to move fast --
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL -- NIGHT
text: Talley shepherds Jennifer and Thomas past the flames --
scene_heading: INT. THE ENTRY -- NIGHT
text: They reach the entry, and Talley uses his pry bar to break
dialog: open the door --
text: A wall of cops are out on the street, waiting --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (to Thomas)
dialog: Are the disks still in your room?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: No! They're right here --
text: Thomas pulls Marlon and Al from his pocket --
text: Talley clutches the disks and pulls the boy close in a
text: spontaneous hug. They run out the door as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WALTER SMITH'S HOSPITAL ROOM -- LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Walter is resting comfortably when Talley steps up beside his
text: bed. Talley is a mess--smokey, dirty, greased with sweat --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Smith.
text: Walter opens his eyes, then Talley steps away. Jennifer and
text: Thomas are standing behind him. They rush to their father --
speaker_heading: JENNIFER/THOMAS
dialog: Daddy!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Thank God! Are you guys all right?
dialog: You're not hurt?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Our house is on fire! We almost burned!
text: Both children burst into tears, and Walter hugs them. He
text: looks up at Talley, then gently eases his kids away --
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (to Jennifer and Thomas)
dialog: You guys step out for a second. I have
dialog: to talk to the Chief.
text: Walter waits until his children are gone, and then --
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you find the disks?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Then you have everything. You can put
dialog: them away.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (touches his wrist)
dialog: A man has my family. Gold watch here.
text: Dark tan.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: That would be Glen Howell. He was on his
dialog: way for the disks.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: How do I reach him?
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL PARKING LOT -- NIGHT
text: Talley is alone in his car, his phone to his ear, listening
text: to the ring at the other end of the line. A familiar voice
dialog: answers --
speaker_heading: HOWELL'S VOICE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Two words: Glen Howell.
text: Intercut Howell in his motel room. He is thrown by getting
dialog: this call --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: How did you get this number?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
text: Mr. Jones is dead. So are two of his
dialog: men. The other three are in jail. I
dialog: have the disks. I have Walter Smith.
dialog: And you know what, you motherfucker? I
dialog: have you.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: I have your fucking family. Don't forget
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I also have a couple of million in cash.
dialog: Call Sonny Benza. Ask if I can keep it.
text: This throws Howell, too. He didn't expect anything like
dialog: this; not from Talley --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: My wife and my daughter and the money.
dialog: I'll bring the disks to the mall by the
dialog: freeway, you bring my family. We'll
dialog: trade.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Fuck that! You think I'm crazy?!
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I think you got no choice.
dialog: Howell thinks about it. It's a tough call because Talley
text: might be setting him up, but they're playing even hands--
dialog: Talley still has the disks --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Fuck the mall. You know that motel on
dialog: the road west of town?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: You got ten minutes. If you're one
dialog: minute late, we won't be here to find.
text: Talley tosses his phone aside, then drives away --
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY -- NIGHT
text: A graphic identifies our location: New York City.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR CASTELLANO'S BROWNSTONE -- NIGHT
text: Victor Castellano is "the old man" that Benza's people have
dialog: mentioned. He is not a happy man in the best of
dialog: circumstances and is even less happy now --
text: Castellano's assistant, Jamie Beldone, is briefing him on
dialog: events in the West --
speaker_heading: BELDONE
text: The house is in flames, Benza's
dialog: accountant is with the cops, and they're
text: stacking the bodies like cordwood.
speaker_heading: CASTELLANO
dialog: Jesus Christ, it's a clusterfuck.
speaker_heading: BELDONE
dialog: You wanted to let Sonny handle it. I
dialog: would've moved in when we first found
dialog: out.
text: Castellano scowls at the younger man --
speaker_heading: CASTELLANO
dialog: And by doing so, he would've known we
dialog: have spies in his organization.
speaker_heading: BELDONE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Yes, sir. But what about the disks? If
dialog: the cops end up with the disks, we're
dialog: gonna see a whole lot of heat.
speaker_heading: CASTELLANO
dialog: I hate that Mickey Mouse bastard. I
dialog: hated his father, and I hate Sonny, too.
dialog: Always with the tan.
speaker_heading: BELDONE
dialog: What do you want to do?
speaker_heading: CASTELLANO
dialog: Our people out there, they good people?
dialog: People in the right place?
speaker_heading: BELDONE
dialog: The best.
speaker_heading: CASTELLANO
dialog: Sonny's a fuckup. If he pulls this off,
dialog: fine--life goes on. But if the cops end
dialog: up with those disks, we cut our losses.
speaker_heading: BELDONE
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: CASTELLANO
dialog: I want a message sent: No fuckups
dialog: allowed.
speaker_heading: BELDONE
dialog: I'll make the call.
text: Vic Castellano watches Beldone depart as he considers what is
dialog: about to come --
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL -- NIGHT
text: The motel floats like an island of light in the middle of
text: nowhere. A few cars are scattered throughout the quiet
dialog: parking lot --
speaker_heading: MIKE RUIZ
text: is hiding in weeds across from the motel, keeping an eye on
text: the road for Talley's approaching vehicle. A radio
text: transmission crackles quietly --
speaker_heading: MANELLI'S VOICE
dialog: You see anything?
dialog: Ruiz keys the mike --
speaker_heading: RUIZ
dialog: Not yet.
text: Talley steps silently behind him and presses his gun to Mike
dialog: Ruiz's ear --
speaker_heading: LOU BUSTER
text: Buster is on the dark side of thge parking lot, standing watch
text: outside the pool of light in the shadows --
text: Gravel crunches behind him; Buster turns, and --
text: Talley cracks him across the face with his .45 --
speaker_heading: WITH TALLEY
text: He edges along the perimeter of the parking lot, working as
text: close as he can to a Fat Man who is leaning against the green
dialog: Mustang --
text: The door to a ground floor room opens, and Glen Howell steps
text: out. Talley recognizes Howell from the big gold watch --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: (to the Fat Man)
dialog: Keep your eyes open. He should've been
dialog: here.
text: Howell returns to the room. The Fat Man steps away from the
dialog: Mustang, and --
text: Talley slams into his blindside, using the .45 as a club.
text: The Fat Man staggers, and Talley wraps an arm around his neck
text: in a choke hold, running him at the door --
text: Talley rams the Fat man into the door, knocking it open and
dialog: shoving the Fat Man through --
scene_heading: INT. HOWELL'S MOTEL ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Talley explodes through the door with the Fat Man in front of
dialog: him like a shield --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Police!
text: Glen Howell jerks out his pistol as he drops behind the bed.
text: Duane Manelli rolls out of a chair, aiming from the floor in
dialog: a two-handed grip --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Don't shoot! Don't shoot him!
text: Talley shifts his aim back and forth between the two men. He
text: has his back to the wall and the Fat Man in front of him --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Where's my family?! Where's my family,
dialog: you fuck?!
text: All three men are sucking air like freight engines. No
text: one is shooting, but if one person fires, everyone will fire.
dialog: Everybody has something the other guy wants. That's the only
dialog: thing holding them back --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Take it easy. Just take it easy. We're
dialog: here to do business.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You said they would be here, goddamnit!
dialog: Where are they?
text: Howell releases his grip on the gun, and lets it swing free
text: on his finger. He's trying to cool Talley --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: They're close. Let me make a call. You
dialog: can see they're okay.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You said they would be here!
text: Howell takes out his phone and presses a number. Talley
text: shifts his aim from Howell to the Fat Man to Manelli --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Put on the woman.
text: Howell offers the phone, but Talley is wary--he can't let go
dialog: of the Fat Man and he won't put down his pistol. Howell
text: carefully holds the phone to Talley's ear --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Jane?
speaker_heading: JANE'S VOICE
dialog: Jeff, we're --
text: Howell backs away with the phone --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: You have the disks?
text: Talley takes out a single disk. It's the one labeled
text: 'Marlon.' He tosses it onto the bed --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: You get the other one when I have my
dialog: girls. Not talk to them; have them.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Close.
text: Howell considers the disk. If Talley has the second disk in
dialog: his pocket, Howell could just shoot him. But Howell can't be
dialog: sure --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: I have to see if it's real.
text: Howell brings the disk to a lap top computer set up in the
text: corner. He inserts the disk, and waits for it to read. He's
dialog: satisfied with what he sees --
speaker_heading: HOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: All right. Now the second one.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: First my girls. I get my girls, you get
text: the other disk.
text: Howell stares at Talley again, then picks up his phone --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Bring them. Stop the car outside the
dialog: room, but don't get out.
text: The car pulls up directly outside the door. It was only
text: seconds away. Marion Clewes is driving; Jane and Amanda are
text: wedged into the front seat beside him, Jane next to Marion,
text: Amanda on the far side. They are bound tight with their
text: mouths taped, immobile and helpless, their eyes wide with
dialog: fear --
speaker_heading: HOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: Aim your gun at the woman's head. If he
dialog: doesn't give me the disk, kill her.
text: Marion presses a gun to Jane's temple --
text: Talley jerks his gun toward Howell --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'll kill you! You won't get the other
dialog: disk!
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: If you shoot me, he'll kill your
dialog: daughter. Do you want to lose both of
dialog: them?
text: Talley aims at the man in the car; he aims at Howell. He
text: tried so hard to save his family, and now Howell has him
dialog: boxed --
speaker_heading: HOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: The negotiation is over, Talley. I won.
dialog: Now give me the disk or he'll put her
text: brain on the glass.
text: Talley looks at Jane and Amanda, and his eyes fill. He
dialog: mouths the words --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I love you.
text: He's saying good-bye.
text: Talley drops his gun and releases the Fat Man, who stumbles
text: away. Talley tosses a second disk onto the bed. Manelli
text: scoops it up and tosses it to Howell as Mation appears in the
dialog: door --
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I gave the other one to the Sheriffs and
dialog: they're giving it to the real FBI. This
dialog: one's a fake.
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: You'd better be kidding.
text: Howell anxiously pushes the disk into his lap top --
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: I'm a cop, you asshole! What did you
dialog: expect me to do? Pretend all this never
dialog: happened?
text: Howell stares at the lap top with the withering face of a man
dialog: reading his own death sentence. There is nothing on this
dialog: disk.
speaker_heading: TALLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Benza's over. You're over. I just want
dialog: to take my family home.
text: Howell stands like a mechanical man; incredulous --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Are you out of your mind?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You fucked up, Glen.
text: Howell looks over as if seeing Marion for the first time, and
dialog: gives him the order --
speaker_heading: HOWELL
dialog: Kill them.
text: Marion aims his gun directly between Talley's eyes, then
dialog: points it at Howell --
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No fuckups allowed.
text: Marion shoots Howell in the head, then the Fat Man, then
dialog: Manelli--bambambam--one shot, one kill.
text: He lowers his gun, considers Talley. Talley doesn't
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: MARION (CONT'D)
dialog: It's like a storm, isn't it? This raging
dialog: force that you can't control does
dialog: whatever it wants, and the best you can
dialog: do is survive. A winner survives.
speaker_heading: TALLEY
dialog: Why...?
dialog: The question being: Why aren't I dead? Why aren't you
dialog: killing me?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What good would it do to kill you? The
dialog: police already have the disk.
dialog: Marion considers Talley another moment --
speaker_heading: MARION (CONT'D)
dialog: Your wife is a very nice lady.
text: Marion goes to his car. He helps out Jane and Amanda, then
text: gets into his car and drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PARKING LOT -- SUNRISE
text: Talley stumbles out of the room and runs to his family. He
text: scoops up Jane and Amanda, hugging them tightly as the camera
text: pulls up and away, rising, leaving this reunited family as
text: Marion Clewes disappears like a passing thunderhead --
speaker_heading: CLOSING CREDITS
text: The credits roll to black, then--
scene_heading: EXT. SONNY BENZA'S HOME -- DAWN
text: The garage door slides up. Benza backs out in his Mercedes,
text: then roars to the front door. He pops the trunk, then gets
text: out and hurries to the front door. He sticks his head inside
dialog: and calls to his wife --
speaker_heading: BENZA
dialog: The fucking jet's waiting! Would you get
dialog: your shit out here?!
text: He picks up two bags from inside the door and brings them to
dialog: the car --
text: AT THE TRUNK
text: Benza steps behind the raised trunk to put away his bags.
text: When he steps back around again, a nondescript sedan is
dialog: waiting in the drive --
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: No fuckups allowed.
text: Gunfire erupts on the quiet ridge above Palm Springs.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
