dialog: 
dialog: "House on Haunted Hill", production draft, by Dick Beebe
dialog: 
text: House on Haunted Hill
dialog: By
dialog: Dick Beebe
dialog: Story by
dialog: Dick Beebe & William Malone
dialog: Adapted from the screenplay by
dialog: Robb White
dialog: Blue Revisions: 13 Jan 1999
dialog: Production Draft: 2 December 1998
text: NOTE: THE HARD COPY OF THIS SCRIPTS CONTAINED SCENE NUMBERS.
text: THEY HAVE BEEN REMOVED FOR THIS SOFT COPY.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
text: And in the darkness, a TICKING sound is heard. Soft and
text: steady -- soothing -- and then a BANG!
dialog: SMASH UP ON:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - BASEMENT NURSE'S STATION - NIGHT
text: A HAND punching a CARD into the huge, ticking TIME CLOCK on
text: the wall: 7:00 a.m.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL - A bleary-eyed MALE NURSE beginning
text: his day. Alone inside a small wood and glass cubicle, he
text: rips off yesterday's day-at-a-time calendar page, revealing
dialog: today's date: October 11, 1931.
text: Goes to the Victrola inside the cubicle. Cranks the turntable
text: up to speed. Puts the huge needle down on a spinning 78: we
text: hear the song crackling through the empty halls of the
dialog: hospital -- depression-era Muzak: Horace Heidt & His Musical
dialog: Knight's "Keep Your Sunny Side Up"
text: The Nurse sharpens the last of a half-dozen pencils to needle-
text: points, sits down at his desk, and begins the tedium of
text: jotting entries into a tall stack of Patient Records.
text: Beat. And then he hears a soft, almost paw-like tapping on
text: the glass. He looks up: a PATIENT with a heavily bandaged
text: head is standing there, his eyes as dull and lifeless as
dialog: marbles.
text: The Nurse waves the Patient away. Goes back to his work.
text: Beat. And then the tapping is heard again. The Nurse snaps
text: his head up, about to bark at the man -- but the words stop
dialog: dead on his tongue:
text: Standing on the other side of the glass are now two dozen
text: patients. Likewise bandaged, staring silent and dead-eyed at
dialog: him.
text: Unnerved, the Nurse's finger slowly stretches towards a
text: buzzer-button just below the desk-top. It never makes it.
dialog: Because --
text: A HAND - lashes into frame and grabs the Nurse's fingers. The
text: Nurse looks up.
text: In addition to the mass of Patients outside the cubicle,
text: there are now six of them inside it, surrounding him. The
text: Nurse's eyes shoot to the still-locked doors of the cubicle,
text: and he utters one confused word --
speaker_heading: MALE NURSE
dialog: -- how -- ?
text: -- and then someone rams all six of his needle-sharp pencils
text: eraser-deep into his throat.
text: The Nurse gurgles and staggers -- falls back against the
text: Victrola, hitting the turntable crank as he goes down,
text: causing it to start spinning like a pinwheel.
text: "Keep Your Sunny Side Up" now blares through the halls triple-
text: time, sounding like a thousand manic chipmunks. And to the
text: beat of that tune, the Patients smash the CONTROL PANEL
text: inside the cubicle until it shorts-out and explodes! Which
text: pops open
scene_heading: INT. PATIENT CELLS -
text: - and sends dozens more wild, raving Humans rampaging through
text: the hospital, while EVERY ELECTRIC LIGHT in the place strobes
text: maniacally, and ORDERLIES & OTHER NURSES are chased down like
text: rabbits by Patients and beaten to pulp, and
scene_heading: INT. "THERAPY" ROOMS -
text: - filled with devices that look straight out of the Spanish
text: Inquisition are trashed to toothpicks, and some of the STAFF
text: are forced into devices and tortured as PATIENT RECORDS are
text: spindled and ignited -- flaming torches used to set
text: everything in the place ablaze, and A WOLFPACK OF PATIENTS
dialog: kamikaze down-
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: -- fling open a set of double doors marked "Cerebral
text: Hygiene," shouting: "Vannacutt!" And we see --
scene_heading: INT. CEREBRAL HYGIENE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: -- two people in surgical scrubs: the moustached Doctor
text: named VANNACUTT and a FEMALE NURSE wielding a 16mm camera. As
text: the two whip around, startled by the shouts, we see the
text: object of their ministrations: A PATIENT on a gurney being
text: filmed as his internal organs are slowly and methodically
dialog: extracted -- while still alive.
text: And then all hell breaks loose as the WOLF PACK descends:
text: DR. VANNACUTT manages to yank down a LEVER on the wall
text: labeled "Lockdown" before he's swallowed by the Mob;
text: From somewhere in the house, we hear heavy gear, cables and
text: doors loudly shutting down the house.
text: The NURSE is clubbed to the floor with her own camera. And
text: amidst all the vengeful shouts and wails, a curious thing
dialog: happens:
text: As one of the Patients picks up the Nurse's blood-spattered
text: camera and puts it to his eye, the image on screen abruptly
speaker_heading: SMASHES TO:
scene_heading: INT. CEREBRAL HYGIENE ROOM - CONTINUED - GRAINY BLACK & WHITE
text: -- and dead silence -- and we find ourselves watching old
text: soundless 16mm footage of what happened next: a blur of
text: scalpels and saws as the Patients viciously vivisect
text: Vannacutt and Nurse, who've been crammed together on that
text: same gurney. The B&W CAMERA PUSHES IN TIGHT on Vannacutt's
text: screaming maw -- and suddenly we hear SOUND AGAIN --
text: -- but, for some reason, it's not a human cry, but the
text: CROWING OF A ROOSTER -- and when we PULL BACK OUT we see that
dialog: what we're now watching is the Crowing Rooster and four
text: blazing camera lenses that was the logo of the old PATHE
text: NEWSREEL. The stentorian VOICE OF PATHE booms OVER:
speaker_heading: VOICE OF PATHE
dialog: October 11, 1931: Los Angeles!
text: Dithering, Bernard Herrmann-like strings swell up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO (B&W)
text: A PATHE NEWS HEADLINE CARD: "HOSPITAL OF HORROR!"
speaker_heading: CUT TO (B&W)
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT - NEWSREEL FOOTAGE
text: A WHIPLASH PAN from the ocean to a GRANITE BUILDING high atop
text: the Pacific Palisades. Smoke and flames shoot from every
text: window and door as Firemen look on helplessly.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF PATHE
dialog: A conflagration of Biblical
text: proportions incinerates nearly
dialog: everything and every one inside
dialog: what was once Tinsel Town's most
dialog: celebrated psychiatric facility:
dialog: The Vannacutt Neuropathic
dialog: Institute. But the secret this
dialog: inferno burned free was far more
dialog: frlghtening than any picture that
dialog: Hollywood could ever produce!
speaker_heading: CUT TO (B&W):
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - MORNING - NEWSREEL FOOTAGE
text: L.A. Sheriff's and Coroner's Investigators poking through the
dialog: Institute....
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - VARIOUS ROOMS - MORNING - NEWSREEL FOOTAGE
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS OF GRUESOME IMAGES:
text: -- BODIES manacled to walls; rows of SKULLS riddled with
text: drill-holes; a huge VAT filled with blood
speaker_heading: VOICE OF PATHE
dialog: -- a Sanitarium of Slaughter supervised
dialog: by a surgeon gone mad --
speaker_heading: CUT TO (B&W)
text: ECU -- a formal PHOTOGRAPH of the man himself, mustache
text: waxed, eyes intense as a mesmerist's, seeming to stare a hole
dialog: right through us --
speaker_heading: VOICE OF PATHE
dialog: -- Richard Benjamin Vannacutt --
dialog: and --
scene_heading: INT. LIMBO SET -
text: -- suddenly, stepping right through VANNACUTT'S FACE and
text: strolling solemnly towards us in bright video-taped color is:
text: CHRISTOPHER LEE. He addresses the CAMERA:
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER LEE
dialog: -- murdered by his own patients before
dialog: every one of them perished in the
dialog: blaze. Ironically, the only humans
dialog: to escape the conflagration --
text: -- behind him, we see SILENT NEWSREEL FOOTAGE of five
dialog: people.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - MORNING (CHYRON INERT)
text: -- three ORDERLIES, two NURSES -- clothes and faces sooty
text: and singed, each coughing up a storm as they're treated at
dialog: the scene --
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER LEE
dialog: -- were five of Vannacutt's equally
text: sadistic Staff, all of whom, until the
dialog: day they died, insisting that they were
dialog: only following "Doctor's Orders."
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: The SCREEN behind him goes black.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER LEE
dialog: But our story doesn't end there. For,
text: some years later, the gutted interior
dialog: of the Institute was refurbished as a
dialog: private residence. It has yet to be
dialog: inhabited. Many say because the spirits
dialog: of the vile Vannacutt and his Victims
text: still walk the long corridors inside
dialog: this place now known, simply, as: "The
dialog: House On Haunted Hill."
text: A sudden SMASH of shrill, discordant HORNS scares us out of
text: our skin -- and behind Mr. Lee, an IMAGE is seen again:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT (TO BE SHOT AS PART OF A LATER SCENE)
text: ...high atop a bluff, swaddled in shadows cast by a full moon
text: that seems to have one of Vannacutt's eyes piercing down on
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Charming.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLS ROYCE LIMOUSINE - TRAVELING - DAY
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK FROM A SMALL WALNUT SHROUDED TELEVISION
text: SET... revealing a savagely beautiful young woman, EVELYN
text: STOCKARD-PRICE, sitting like the queen of fucking-England in
text: the back of her limousine. She's been watching all this on
text: the 12" TV set inside the limousine, a look of perverse
text: amusement on her face.
text: ON THE TV: Mr. Lee smiles for the CAMERA.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER LEE
dialog: I'm Christopher Lee. More of
dialog: "Terrifying, But True" in just a
dialog: moment --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No need, baby.
text: She zaps the TV dead with a button on the armrest.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You just gave me exactly what I needed.
text: She reaches for the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - DAY
text: A beeping CELL PHONE is retrieved from a coat pocket, punched
text: to life, and brought up to the lips of
text: STEVEN PRICE - a 30ish bespectacled man.
text: While not handsome in the classical sense, he still exudes an
dialog: incredible appeal -- the kind that comes from incredible self-
dialog: confidence, more money than God, and the most maniacal
dialog: imagination in recorded history.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Price.
dialog: (listens; sarcastic)
dialog: Evelyn, how nice...
dialog: (beat, listens)
dialog: Well, that is fascinating -- but I'm
dialog: gonna have to get back to you -- they're
dialog: trying to shoot me here.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL - Price buttoning the phone dead as a
text: NEWS CREW of two videotapes him: an ENG Cameraman named
text: BENNY and a 20-something Katie Couric wannabe with a
text: microphone in Price's face -- KIRSTEN SAVAGE.
text: They're all standing amidst a sprawling landscape of
text: futuristic-looking buildings and rides: a spanking new theme
text: park. We see the great steel arch that bears the place's
dialog: name:
scene_heading: TERROR-INCOGNITA
dialog: A New Adventure From Steven Price
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Business or pleasure, Mr. Price?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: My wife. Where were we?
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Your roller coaster that is, quote:
dialog: "unlike any that has ever come before
dialog: it."
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Absolutely. No cheap thrills. A genuine
dialog: Journey To The Brink Of Madness.
text: He gestures grandly towards the huge and extremely tall
text: expanse of steel girders and tracks in front of them.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Sorry, but it just looks like a generic
dialog: roller coaster to me. What's the
dialog: gimmick?
text: Price beckons them to an elevator at the base of the ride.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Ever seen one that starts at the
dialog: top? 20 stories worth of top?
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: And then what happens?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I think it's something better
dialog: experienced then described.
text: The Elevator door whooshes open. He bids them enter.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: After you.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS
text: The DOORS CLOSE and the elevator starts up. Through small
text: ports in the sides they see the beams of the roller coaster's
text: superstructure dropping down past them as the cabin rises.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Sources have told this reporter that the
dialog: real reason your Park's opening has been
dialog: delayed was a near-fatal accident on one
dialog: of the rides here. Comment?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I wouldn't be opening this place
dialog: tomorrow if every single thing down to
dialog: the beheaded Beanie Babies hadn't tested
dialog: 100% safe.
text: -- he's cut off by a loud GROANING sound like metal under
dialog: stress.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (all confidence)
dialog: Growing pains: new steel's gotta bend
dialog: and stretch a little before finally
dialog: settling in.
text: Another GROAN. A yelp escapes from Kirsten's mouth.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Don't worry. In the fifteen year history
dialog: of Price Amusements we've yet to lose a
dialog: single customer.
text: The GROANING stops. But Kirsten and Benny remain nervous.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: First time for everything.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I've designed and built six of these
dialog: places -- take my word for it,
dialog: everything's fine.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: How long 'til we're out of this thing?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Five, ten seconds, we're almost to
dialog: the top --
text: -- the elevator LURCHES to a DEAD STOP.
text: Kirsten and Benny look at each other -- anxiety on overdrive.
text: Price tries to reassure them, but he's not looking real
dialog: relaxed anymore, either.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Look: even if, God forbid, something
dialog: ...unexpected...should happen, there's
dialog: always the safety cable --
text: -- and now the cabin is rocking: sharp and nasty spasms that
text: are buffeting them into each other --
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: -- that does what?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Keeps the cab from just --
text: -- he sees something out the window --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- oh, shit --
text: A loud CRACK! The cabin starts dropping -- fast. All three of
text: them scream.
text: OUT THE WINDOW: we see the SUPERSTRUCTURE of the roller
text: coaster flying by. The sound of cables screeching free of
dialog: pulleys.
text: Benny's camera is wrenched from his hands and bounces around
text: the cabin. Kirsten's eyes are crazed with terror.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Do something!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Like what?? This isn't supposed
dialog: to be happening!!
text: The scenery outside the window is a blur.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: OhJesusohChrist!
text: The ground is coming up to meet them; the noise inside the
text: cabin is deafening.
text: Benny starts jumping up and down; Kirsten is pounded to the
text: floor. Price braces himself for impact.
speaker_heading: KIRSTEN
dialog: Please! Something! Oh-God!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Maybe if I --
text: With all his strength, Price throws himself across the cabin
text: and stabs an unmarked button on the elevator control panel --
text: -- the cabin suddenly stabilizes --
dialog: -- the elevator door opens --
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - DEPARTURE DOCK - DAY
text: -- revealing the cabin to be just where it should be: high
text: atop the roller coaster, right across from the dock where the
text: cars depart. They never fell so much as an inch -- all an
dialog: illusion.
text: The expression on Price's face has changed to a wicked grin.
text: He looks at the two terrified souls on the elevator floor:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: From here on, it gets really scary.
text: A MAN IN OVERALLS (SCHECTER) stands on the dock, waves the
text: News Crew towards a rear car.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: Room for two more.
text: The front car is already full with People strapped in so
text: tight they're immobile.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AMUSEMENT PARK - DEPARTURE DOCK - DAY
text: Price still on the departure dock, punching up a number on
text: his cell phone. In the b.g. we can see the cars containing
text: Kirsten, Benny and the others, zooming at incredible speeds
text: on 45 degree banks, upside-down loop-de-loops, the works. All
text: with screams of sheer pleasure accompanying.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Alright, Princess: now what were
dialog: you babbling?
text: He listens for a moment -- then his eyes crimp shut with
dialog: disgust.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Congratulations: on a scale of one-to-
dialog: ten, you just hit a 73 on the Perversity
dialog: Meter. I don't suppose for once we could
dialog: just celebrate at some nice, quiet
dialog: little restaurant --
text: Schecter taps Price on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: Houston, I think we may have a problem.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Evelyn, go stir your cauldron or
dialog: something for a sec.
text: Price turns and watches in the distance as the coaster car
text: takes a screaming hair pin turn.
scene_heading: EXT. ROLLER COASTER - MOVING - DAY
text: Kirsten and Benny in the rear car, wild with delight --
text: -- until they see the front car derail, snap free from
text: theirs, and go hurtling into mid-air. Screams of panic heard
text: from the People in that car as they plummet to their deaths.
text: Kirsten screams with horror, Benny retches, as their car
text: continues to zip along the track and out of our sight.
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - DEPARTURE DOCK - DAY
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Problem where? Looked good to me.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
text: "Dummy 6" keeps losing his arm.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: So disengage his Flail Arm Mechanism
dialog: and just make him a screamer.
speaker_heading: VOICE ON PHONE (EVELYN)
dialog: Steven!!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: (back into phone)
dialog: Here, dear -- with a suggestion --
scene_heading: INT. ROLLS ROYCE LIMOUSINE - TRAVELING - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Evelyn is livid, as she listens to Price on the phone:
speaker_heading: PRICE (V.O.)
dialog: -- forget it. Last birthday the Manson
dialog: Family Ranch, the year before that:
dialog: Jonestown.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh. You think this is a request. Well,
dialog: think again. I'm telling you: "Haunted
dialog: Hill" is exactly where we're having my
dialog: party this year. You'll find the guest
dialog: list on your desk by the time you get
dialog: back --
scene_heading: INT. PRICE'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON a two-page document with the title "Guest List."
text: It's being turned into spaghettini by a large document
text: shredder.
text: PAN OVER TO - Steven Price typing mile-a-minute on a
text: computer, talking to himself as he inputs his own Guest
dialog: List.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: You want it, Precious, you got
dialog: it: the party of your very short
dialog: goddamn life.
text: A tentative DOOR-KNOCK heard O.S. behind him:
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Uh, Mr. Price? The Dreamworks people
dialog: are getting a little...antsy.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Tell 'em I'm right there.
text: He mouses his cursor up to a box marked "SEND", the list
text: disappears, his hard drive starts chugging, and he gets up
text: from his chair and exits. CAMERA remains on the working
dialog: screen.
text: Beat. And then a SHADOW flashes across the screen for a
dialog: moment.
text: Another beat. And the sound of clicking computer keys is
text: heard. A "message box" appears on screen:
dialog: ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO DELETE guestlist.doc?
text: The Cursor clicks on YES. ZAP! A blank screen. And then the
text: keys start clicking again, and we see a new Guest List being
dialog: typed in.
dialog: Starting with the name:
dialog: Ms. Jennifer Jenzen
dialog: Executive Vice-President of Marketing
dialog: Paragon Pictures
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FILM SET - DAY (WE NEED TO RE-WORK THIS SCENE FOR
speaker_heading: LOCATION)
text: The name "Ms. Jennifer Jenzen" etched in gold-leaf cursive on
text: the top of a small CHROME AND ONYX-INLAID CUBE.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Gorgeous.
text: PULL BACK - and we see MS. JENZEN -- a rodent-eyed, thin
text: lipped 30-something Exec who only needs "Screaming Bitch"
text: stamped on her forehead to complete the picture. She's
text: sitting staring at the Cube, the elegant paper it came in
text: torn to shreds on her desk.
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: So what the fuck is it?
text: She's addressing her "assistant," a lovely, but harried-
text: looking young Woman of 19, SARA WOLFE.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't know, Ms. Jenzen.
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: Well, who's the damn thing from?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Messenger just dropped it off.
dialog: No return address.
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: You didn't think to ask?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I was in the middle of --
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: -- being utterly fucking useless,
dialog: what else is new.
text: Sara's face flushes with anger, but she keeps her cool.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: There's something there on the side --
text: She's pointing to a small, SILVER CRANK jutting out of one of
text: the Cube's sides. A legend is etched beneath it:
dialog: Rotate Once To Operate
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: I'm aware of that.
text: Well, she is now, anyway. She twists the crank and a tinkling
text: music box-like TUNE begins to play: Lennon/ McCartney's
text: "Birthday," but in 3/4 time, like some schizoid Viennese
dialog: waltz.
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: It's not my goddamn birth --
text: -- and she stops herself in mid-word as, suddenly: the top
text: of the Cube pops open like a jack-in-the-box! And, slowly,
text: like it's on some mini-hydraulic lift, ANOTHER CUBE,
text: identical to this one, starts to inch up into view --
text: -- which has its own tiny SILVER CRANK in its side. But
text: etched beneath this one is a warning:
dialog: Do Not Rotate Under Any Circumstances!
text: Without a nanosecond's hesitation, Jenzen reaches out her
dialog: hand --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- I wouldn't --
text: -- and turns the smaller crank. Beat. Nothing happens.
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: -- no kidding: that's why you're
dialog: making ten bucks an hour and I'm --
text: -- and BANG! A SKELETAL ARM comes FLASHING OUT from the
text: smaller cube and SLASHES HER FINGER with a RAZOR!
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: Jesus!!
text: -- it's no more than a paper cut, but it's bleeding and it
text: hurts -- and then they both see written on the tiny razor:
dialog: Learn To Follow Instructions!
text: Sara can't help herself -- lets loose a little snort of
text: laughter. Jenzen goes ballistic, smashes the lid shut on the
dialog: Cube.
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: You think this is fucking funny??
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No, no, it's just --
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: -- well, here's a better one: you're
dialog: fired.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JENZEN
dialog: And here's your goddamn severance!
text: She slams the Cube hard into Sara's hands.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARA'S CUBICLE - JUST AFTER (WE NEED TO RE-WORK THIS
scene_heading: SCENE FOR LOCATION)
text: The Cube sits in a wastebasket next to the desk that Sara's
text: angrily cleaning out. She's SLAMS her entire blotter into the
text: trash -- which hits the Cube's crank and starts the music
text: playing again. Sara, startled, looks over -- and sees:
text: AN ORNATE IVORY-COLORED CARD - begin to ascend from the
text: Cube. It starts with the words:
dialog: Now Try And Follow These:
text: And then all we see are Sara's wide, growing-wider, eyes as
text: she reads the rest.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: ...wow....WOW! Hey, Ms. Jenzen -- ?
speaker_heading: JENZEN (O.S.)
dialog: Are you still fucking here??
text: Sara starts to flush with anger again -- and then stops, a
text: small smile coming to her lips as she continues to stare at
dialog: the card.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: On my way out. Thanks for the
dialog: valuable parting gift.
text: She snatches the ivory card and stuffs it in her purse.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. HEARSE #1 - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Where Sara Wolfe sits, decked out in near-dead-ringers
dialog: clothes and hair-do as we last saw on Jennifer Jenzen: black
text: silk suit, stiletco heels and an up-sweep -- holding that
text: same ivory-colored card in her hand:
dialog: Steven K. Price
dialog: COMMANDS YOU TO ATTEND
dialog: A Very Unique Birthday Celebration For
dialog: Mrs. Evelyn Stockard-Price
text: And then the CAMERA WHIPLASH CRANES BACK from Sara and the
text: vehicle in which she's sitting, to reveal the grand vista of:
scene_heading: EXT. WINDING ROAD - NIGHT
text: which snakes crazily up the Pacific Palisades, the crashing
text: waves of the ocean seen in the background. We see that the
text: vehicle Sara is riding in is the lead car of a MOTORCADE
text: comprised of four '50's vintage HEARSES.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
text: The man's insane.
text: And we whip back towards the source of this voice:
scene_heading: INT. HEARSE #2 - MOVING - NIGHT
text: where we see this Man's well-tanned hand holding the same
dialog: ivory card, which continues:
dialog: Terror, Humiliation, Perhaps Even
speaker_heading: MURDER
dialog: Will Be The Entertainment
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Don't get much better than that.
scene_heading: INT. HEARSE #3 - MOVING - NIGHT
text: where we see the well-manicured hands of this Woman, her left
text: holding an 8mm Camcorder; her right, the same card:
dialog: With ONE MILLION DOLLARS Paid
dialog: To Those That Survive The Entire Night
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Terrific: what's the catch?
scene_heading: INT. HEARSE #4 - MOVING - NIGHT
text: where we see hands of a Man barely out of his teens, his
text: muscular right hand holding that same card as well:
dialog: Inside the Walls Of
text: THE HOUSE ON HAUNTED HILL
text: Suddenly the screech of brakes is heard -- Hearse #4 jolts to
text: a halt. The invitation flies from the Young Man's hand and to
text: the floor, the rest of its text unread.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE HOUSE" - NIGHT
text: We see the reason for the sudden stop of the cortege. An
text: ancient CHRYSLER K CAR is parked clear across the road,
text: barring the entrance to the gate of a razor-wire security
text: fence that encircles the premises. Beat. And then a short,
text: slight MAN steps out of the vehicle. In the glare of the
text: Hearses' headlights his features look cadaverous. Between
text: that and the fact he's jittering like a hummingbird on speed,
text: he makes a pretty unsettling presence.
text: The Man walks slowly towards the hearses, beckoning the
dialog: riders out.
speaker_heading: MAN (PRITCHETT)
dialog: This is the end...by car anyway.
dialog: What with the '94 quake and El Nino,
dialog: the driveway's been pretty much
dialog: destroyed. 'Shame. Have to hoof it
dialog: from here.
text: The well-tanned Man from Hearse #2 steps out: DR. DONALD W.
text: BLACKBURN -- he could be anywhere from 19 to 90. The only
dialog: thing that's clear is all the cosmetic surgery he's had makes
text: him look like George Hamilton, circa 1962. He asks the
dialog: obvious:
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: If you don't mind me asking... Who are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
text: Name's Pritchett. Watson Pritchett.
dialog: I own the house, my father built it.
dialog: And now I just need to get you into
dialog: it. So...
text: The Camcorder Woman steps out of Hearse #3: a Jenny Jones-
text: clone named MELISSA MARR, 27.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Where's Steven Price and his huge,
dialog: throbbing checkbook?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Not with you, is he? Well, I'm sure
dialog: he'll turn up any second now... If
dialog: you'll just come along...
text: The Muscular Young Man from Hearse #4 steps out: a good-
text: looking specimen named EDDIE MOSES, 23.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I wanna know first: to what do I
dialog: owe this honor? I mean, I never
dialog: even heard of this guy.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I'm just the Greeter -- and
dialog: in that capacity, I now urge you
dialog: all strongly to --
text: And then Sara-as-Jenzen regally alights from Hearse #1.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: But the million bucks each, that's
dialog: for real?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: (a forced chuckle)
dialog: It better be -- he still owes me
dialog: $25 grand for renting the place
dialog: for the night! Here, let's get
dialog: you some illumination so you
dialog: can make your way safely!
text: He grabs a flashlight from his car and shoves it in Sara's
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Just point and walk, sis -- the
dialog: place is right up --
text: -- and as if on cue, a battery of magnesium floods suddenly
text: light up the night like high noon, revealing the House in all
dialog: its glory.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: (startled)
dialog: ...there.
text: Sitting high atop a bluff over the Pacific, a sprawling
text: grey-stone structure. One-third Eames, to one-third Wright,
dialog: to one-third Bauhaus.
text: It might look innocuous in the daylight, but right now it
text: looks like Albert Speer's Playhouse. And underscoring the
text: creepy ambience is MUSIC now blaring from speakers perched
text: atop the gate: Marilyn Manson's screeching Goth-metal cover
dialog: of "Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of These)".
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Nice touch, Pritchett: subtle.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: As a tumor.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Wish I could take the credit, but --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- guess we know where Mr. Price is
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: He must've beaten us all here!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: 'Less the place really is haunted.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Nonsense! Just bad press. All the
dialog: deaths that occurred inside --
dialog: my own father's included -- all
dialog: perfectly normal fatal accidents.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: You better be wrong. I didn't
dialog: come all this way for "normal."
text: She starts making her way up the disaster of a driveway. Dr.
text: Blackburn and Sara look at each other and shrug.
text: They start likewise walking towards the house. The only one
text: left is Eddie. He stares at the little man.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You're totally full of shit, aren't you?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: You'll never know 'til you walk
dialog: through that door!
text: Eddie dismisses him with a flap of his hand and sprints to
text: catch up with the others. Pritchett yells after him:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: You wouldn't consider getting my check
dialog: and running it back down here?
text: No response. Beat. Pritchett gets out of his car.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Didn't think so. Asshole.
text: He starts jittering his way up the drive.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND FOYER - SOON AFTER
text: Cold. Flinty. Two stories high and domed, with a stained
text: glass skylight topping it. Despite their varied states of
text: confusion, the four Guests stop in their tracks as they
text: enter, struck dumb with awe.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: ...Jesus H. Christ.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: So where's the party?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Looks like we're it.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: More to the point. Where's our host?
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: More to the point: what in the
dialog: name of fuck is that?
text: She's pointing up at the stained glass skylight. It seems to
text: depict a Man with dozens of hideous creatures hovering round
text: his head. And above them all looms a huge something with
text: wings and flaming claws.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
text: More of Price's spook-house bullshit.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT (O.S.)
dialog: Not at all!
text: They turn to see Pritchett's head poking through the doorway
dialog: -- putting as little of himself as possible inside the house
dialog: proper.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
text: Part of the original structure. When it
dialog: was still an asylum. Guy who ran the
dialog: place -- Dr. Vannacutt -- found it
dialog: "inspirational." From some German
dialog: cathedral a million years ago: "Driving
dialog: the Demons From the Mind."
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: I'm moved beyond words.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: The hint of still weirder shit
dialog: to come, I can only hope.
text: She whips the Camcorder to her eye and starts recording every
text: detail of the skylight. Dr. Blackburn rolls his eyes.
text: Pritchett starts calling loudly:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Mr. Price? Mrs. Price? Somebody? Hello??
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Pritchett, take it down a couple
dialog: hundred decibels, what is your
dialog: problem?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Problem? No problem -- just want to get
dialog: my money and get on home -- you know,
dialog: things to see, people to do?
text: He laughs weakly; starts shouting again:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Mr. Price?? Mrs. Price??
text: Melissa Marr continues to shoot up a storm of tape in the
text: room, as overexcited as a five-year-old who's lost her
dialog: Ritalin.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: I knew this whole place'd be pure gold!
dialog: Pritchett, point me in the direction of
dialog: the goddamn ghosts! If I can get
dialog: something bizarre enough on tape, I
dialog: think I can parlay it into getting me
dialog: some kind'a Robert Stack "Unsolved Most-
dialog: Wacked-Out Home Videos" gig. No more
dialog: five afternoons a week of sex-change-
dialog: Nazis-and-the-lesbos-that-love-'em.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You've got your own TV show?
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: The guy whose hair I do has his own TV
dialog: show. All I've got is a blow-dryer and a
dialog: dream.
text: Sara's staring at something that's making her more nervous by
dialog: the second:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Uh, excuse me -- but does anybody know
dialog: any logical reason why those little
dialog: demons would be moving?
text: She's pointing to the skylight.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Where?
text: She whips her camera up at the stained glass. Zooms in. Tense
text: beat. And then lowers the camera, sighing in disappointment:
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: ...birds. Just seagulls or something
dialog: walking on the glass, goddammit.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Cheer up: before the night's through,
dialog: I'm sure one of us'll get hacked to
dialog: pieces by somebody or something.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: I may start right now.
text: All heads turn again -- standing in the open front doorway,
text: dressed absolutely to kill is a not-terribly-pleased-looking
scene_heading: EVELYN STOCKARD-PRICE.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Who the fuck are all of you??
text: -- and right on that beat: the huge dome of STAINED GLASS
text: above them all EXPLODES!
text: All heads whip up -- as time seems to stand still -- and it
text: begins raining COLORED SHARDS in the foyer.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Oh...my...God....
text: IN SLOW MOTION -- We see the rest of the Guests
text: instinctively start to duck and cover against the deluge --
text: all except EVELYN who's staring up at the descending
text: projectiles with a profound look of annoyance on her face.
text: EDDIE - notices that a huge DEMON-HEADED GLASS SHARD is
text: hurtling, razor-point-down, for Evelyn's head! With an
text: athlete's reflexes, he hurls his body at hers --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- Jesus, lady! --
text: -- tackling her to the floor, the giant SHARD missing her
text: skull by literally a hair. It plunges six inches deep into
text: the parquet, THWANGS like an arrow into a target.
text: Beat of absolute sheer STUNNED SILENCE. And then:
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Wow.
text: Everyone else stares at Evelyn, who's not moving.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Is she...alright?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I thought she was dead. For sure.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Not even fucking close.
dialog: (seething; to Eddie)
dialog: Get...off...of...me.
text: It's like being spit at by a cobra; Eddie doesn't have to be
text: told twice. Leaps off her, and Evelyn slowly, angrily gets to
text: her feet, a trickle of blood coming down her cheek from a
text: small cut there. A VOICE is heard from somewhere O.S.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
text: Not dead now, but soon.
text: All eyes look up to see: STEVEN PRICE perched on the balcony
text: rail above them in formal wear, legs crossed, cigar in hand,
text: blowing out smoke through highly bemused lips.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: She's been marked for it. The House does
text: that. Happened to Pritchett's father.
dialog: Likely happen to you all. Isn't that
dialog: what you told me, Mr. Pritchett?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: (looking away)
dialog: I can't remember at the moment.
text: Blackburn applies his handkerchief to Evelyn's bleeding
text: cheek. She recoils:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Don't touch me!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I'm impressed: I don't think Evelyn's
dialog: ever said those words to anything with
text: genitalia.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm not laughing, Steven.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: You shouldn't be -- you were nearly just
dialog: killed, sweetheart.
dialog: (to the guests)
dialog: And now that our birthday girl is
dialog: finally here, let the games begin!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Haven't they already?
text: Price just smiles.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Sure is a funky old house, ain't it?
text: She glares back at him, steaming.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Could we have a word?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Oh, I think we're going to have several.
text: Evelyn doesn't have to be invited, she's already stomping
text: halfway up the stairs. Price smiles down at the Guests:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: This'll just take a moment -- you'll
text: find food and booze in the main salon,
dialog: knock yourselves out.
text: Evelyn grabs him hard by the arm and yanks him back into the
text: shadows; they disappear from sight. The Guests just stand
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: So, what? The thing with the glass?
dialog: Price did that?
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: I hope not.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Of course he did, for God's sake.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Didn't he, Mr. Pritchett?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I can't comment until I get paid.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: I'm surrounded by idiots.
text: Blackburn walks off into the Main Salon near the Foyer. The
text: others shrug and follow him, except for Pritchett, who shouts
dialog: upstairs:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Mr. Price???
text: No response from anyone. Pritchett's eyes jitterbug all
text: around him -- he sees he's standing there alone. As
text: nonchalantly as he can, he quick -- steps towards the Salon
text: and the others -- passing right by a barely perceptible
text: black dot in the wall, no larger than a dime --
text: TRAVELING THROUGH WALLS
dialog: -- and we PUSH IN on this DOT, until we're inside it, on
text: the OTHER SIDE OF THE WALL and see that's it's connected to a
text: COAXIAL CABLE, which we FOLLOW past ancient, decaying beams
text: and mortar, past VERMIN -- rodent and insect, both -- that
text: skitter maniacally right in our faces -- and then right
text: into the innards of the multi-wired CABLE itself -- emerging
dialog: out near...
speaker_heading: A VIDEO MONITOR
text: -- that's atop a table with several other monitors and a
dialog: literal Circuit City's worth of electronic and computer
dialog: equipment, all of it inside a --
scene_heading: INT. SMALL GRIMY ROOM
text: -- in which sits Steven Price's engineer SCHECTER, in his
text: coveralls, eating a sandwich, as he mans Haunted House
text: Central Control. He hits a combination of keys on the
text: computer. On one of the Monitors we see a door somewhere
text: inside the House rapidly open-and-shut, open-and-shut.
text: Nods with satisfaction, then YELPS! as he spots a MILLIPEDE
text: wriggling out of his tuna salad, straight into his mouth.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: Jesus!
text: He flicks the insect away, nearly gagging. It lands on
text: another VIDEO MONITOR that is trained on a room on the upper
text: floor of the place. Some space that looks like it was going
dialog: to be a bedroom, once upon a time: a lot of strange, ultra-
text: modern furniture: all of it metal and of bizarre angles and
text: shapes. And then into that room storms Evelyn and Price.
text: PUSH IN on that video screen and suddenly we're there:
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: As Evelyn slams the door behind her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I gave you a goddamn guest list two
dialog: pages long -- where the hell are they?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Shredded. Sorry. Decided to whip up one
dialog: of my own: a group so hungry for money
dialog: that they'd be willing to do anything. I
dialog: thought you'd be more comfortable with
dialog: your peers.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I guess it was stupid of me not to
dialog: expect something this twisted from you.
dialog: Well, congratu-fucking-lations, Steven:
dialog: Round One, you win.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Well, not quite. See, those people down
dialog: there: they aren't the ones I invited.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Then who are they?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: You tell me. I don't know how you
dialog: managed to hack into my Mac, but: bravo.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What are you talking about? You
dialog: think I invited them?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Sure know it wasn't me. And if you say
dialog: it wasn't you -- then who the hell did,
dialog: Evelyn?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It you really loved me, Steven, you'd
dialog: find a way to drop dead in the next
dialog: three seconds.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Finding ways for me to die at these
dialog: things is really your deal, isn't it?
text: The "O.J." knife with the not-quite-
dialog: retractable blade? Your "Jim Jones Kool-
dialog: Aid" that was exactly that?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: All accidents until proven otherwise.
text: He goes to her and begins brushing her hair with his
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: You know how happy I'd be if that was
dialog: really true, Evelyn? And how positively
dialog: goddamn delirious if you weren't fucking
dialog: every living thing in our area code at
dialog: the same goddamn time!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Which part of that fantasy turns you on
dialog: most: me with other men -- or just the
dialog: other men?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: You know everything you do gets me hot.
text: His grip on her hair suddenly tightens and twists.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- just not always in the sexual sense.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You're hurting me.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I know.
text: She jabs his hand with a plasma-red, Dragon Lady-length
text: thumbnail. He lets her go and sucks on a knuckle -- she's
dialog: drawn blood.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Now, there's the simple country gal I
dialog: married. Let's go back down and greet
dialog: your guests -- show them the real you:
text: corny as Kansas on the Fourth of July.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: My guests were shredded. It's your sick
dialog: little scene now, Steven: enjoy. I'm
dialog: going to go run scalding water on the
dialog: places you just touched me, and then I'm
text: calling a cab.
text: She storms into the bathroom adjoining and slams that door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON - JUST AFTER
text: Just off the foyer. The furniture, though dust-caked and
text: rotting is antique Deco and sumptuous. Liquor and a lavish
text: buffet have been set out on a sideboard that looks like one
text: of Dali's limp pocket-watches. As Price enters the room
text: grimly, he's descended upon by an angry Pritchett:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Mr. Price: I've done everything we
dialog: agreed on, your guests are all here and
dialog: in one piece -- my 25 thousand now,
dialog: please.
text: Price produces an envelope froa his jacket and taps it.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Right here, Mr. Pritchett. As well as
dialog: five other bona fide, bank drafts for
dialog: one million dollars each. Made out to
dialog: cash.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And we get this money when?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: The second the sun hits tomorrow
dialog: morning. Assuming you have stayed the
dialog: entire night - and you're still alive,
dialog: of course. Any other questions?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yeah. Why's there five checks?
dialog: There's only four of us.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: You're forgetting my lovely wife; she's
dialog: part of the same winner-take-all as the
dialog: rest of you.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What're you talking about?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Oh, sorry. Detail I guess I forgot to
dialog: mention. You die, you lose. Your check
dialog: gets divvied-up by those still amongst
dialog: the living.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: What are you playing here, Price?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: A very, very scary game. But then look
dialog: at the bright side: if there's only one
dialog: of you still upright at dawn, you'll be
dialog: leaving here with five million dollars
dialog: in your pocket.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: This is nuts.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Yeah. But, hey, anybody who's not
dialog: "comfortable" with the rules, you're
dialog: free to walk, anytime. Seven digits
dialog: poorer, goes without saying.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I'm ready now.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Alright, Mr. Pritchett, let me just
dialog: sign the damn thing.
text: Price sits at a rusting octagonal wire-and-steel desk, knifes
text: open his envelope, and produces a pen.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
text: Two "T"s at the end of the name.
text: Price looks up, puts the pen down.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Just for the record: what are the rest
dialog: of your names?
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Donald W. Blackburn, M.D.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Melissa Margaret Marr, Celebrity.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Eddie Moses, Communications Attache --
dialog: which translated from ancient bullshit
dialog: means: I work for a Messenger service.
text: Beat. All eyes have now turned to Sara, who's just standing
text: there nervously.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: And you, young lady?
text: She blurts out the lie as one word:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Jennifer-Jenzen-Executive-V.P.-
dialog: Paragon-Pictures.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Very good. Well, I think I can say with
dialog: complete honesty: I've never heard of
dialog: any of you.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Then what the hell are we doing here?
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: How'd you make your guest list, Price:
dialog: throw darts at a phone book?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: You're not my list.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: I got an engraved -- literally --
dialog: invitation -- with my name --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- I'm sure you did.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: This is all maybe getting a little
dialog: too strange --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- I wouldn't worry, Ms. Jenzen: the
dialog: unexplainable will probably explain
dialog: herself before too long. In the
dialog: meantime, let's all relax, have a drink,
dialog: the evening's young --
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
text: -- it's getting older by the second.
dialog: Mr. Price, if I could just please have --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Sorry, Pritchett, here you go.
text: He signs the check and hands it to Pritchett who spins on his
text: heels and starts quickly for the foyer.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I think you're gonna miss the bash of
dialog: a lifetime --
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: -- my loss --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- even if I give you a million as
dialog: well?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Wouldn't know what to do with it all --
text: -- and then, suddenly, we hear the distant sound of heavy
text: MACHINES at work. Pritchett freezes for a moment.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Oh, no.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GEAR ROOM -
text: Heavy rusted GEARS somewhere in the house, CRUNCHING as
text: they begin to turn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAND FOYER -
text: Where Pritchett is sprinting like a madman to the exit.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Please -- God-in-Heaven, no --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON
text: The NOISE inside the room, inside the entire house, is
text: deafening. Price senses something:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: The windows --
text: Pritchett makes the long run across the huge room towards:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GEAR ROOM
text: The ancient LEVERS snapping down like punches.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON
text: BAM! The windows being sealed off by heavy IRON PLATES
text: slamming into place.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAND FOYER
text: BAM! The front door being likewise sealed by a descending
text: IRON PLATE -- nearly decapitating Pritchett.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: You can't do this to me!
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS (NOTE: TBA)
text: BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! Every window, door, and portal of
text: any kind in the house likewise being slammed-sealed shut.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON
text: -- where everybody stands silent, breathless, and not a
text: little afraid, as the sound of SLAMMING IRON is heard echoing
text: everywhere in the distance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAND FOYER
text: Pritchett making a literal last dive for the one window in
text: the foyer that is still partially unsealed, its iron plate
dialog: closing fast --
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
scene_heading: -- NOOOOOOOO!!! --
text: -- BAM! The ancient LEVERS smashing down all the way to the
dialog: concrete floor: mission completed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON
text: That final BAM! resounding in the Main Salon. And then
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Now that is enter-fucking-
dialog: tainment!
text: Eddie Moses tries to yank up one of the plates -- all he gets
text: for his efforts is two handfuls of rust.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: This thing's going nowhere.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: If this is someone's idea of a
dialog: joke --
text: -- an agonized SCREAM in response; it's coming from the
dialog: Foyer --
speaker_heading: PRICE
text: -- Pritchett's not laughing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAND FOYER
text: Price & Guests entering and greeted by the sight of:
text: Watson Pritchett - Hair wild, clothes torn, SCREAMING as he
text: tries to pry the cast-iron plate off the Foyer window with
dialog: his bare hands --
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: -- NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! --
text: -- he's ripping his fingernails off, blood coursing down his
text: arms. PRICE runs to him, yanks him from the window and to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Pritchett!!
text: Pritchett stops screaming, looks up at Price in utter terror.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Blackburn! His hands, do something!
text: Blackburn races over, takes one look. Yells to Sara:
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
text: Bottle of vodka on the sideboard:
dialog: get it!
text: She races into the other room. Blackburn takes his
text: handkerchief and puts it on Pritchett's wounds. Pritchett
text: doesn't so much as whimper, keeps staring at Price. In a
dialog: daze:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Pritchett, what the hell just
dialog: happened here?
text: Pritchett looks up at him, eyes not quite focused.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Lockdown.
text: Sara dashes back in with the bottle of vodka.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What does that mean?
text: Blackburn takes the liquor and begins cleaning/disinfecting
text: Pritchett's wounds.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: A mechanism. From the old Asylum. For
dialog: Emergencies. Sealed the whole place
dialog: shut. Top to bottom. That's how come
dialog: they all burned to death in '31. Dr.
text: Vannacutt threw the switch. If he was
dialog: gonna die, they all were gonna die,
dialog: and so they were toast.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: No wonder they're still pissed off.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: The only ones who survived were five of
text: Vannacutt's staff butchers.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Why in God's name wasn't this thing
dialog: removed years ago??
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: It was on my Dad's list of "things
dialog: to do." But the House did him first.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You said that was an accident.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I lied. The House is alive and
dialog: we're all gonna die.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Oh, for chrissake --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- uh, excuse me, just one quick
dialog: question? How long before this damn
dialog: thing unseals itself?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Don't know that it does.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Well, then, how 'bout maybe we
dialog: call someone?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Hasn't been a telephone in this
dialog: House in over 60 years.
text: Blackburn, Price and Melissa Marr all chime in unintentional
dialog: unison:
scene_heading: BLACKBURN/PRICE/MELISSA
dialog: I've got my cellular.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Well, flip a coin and somebody dial 911!
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Won't do any good.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Why not?
text: And then, simultaneously, we hear the same beep-beep-beep
text: from the three cellular phones and see the same flashing
text: message on their LED screens: "No Service - No Service - No
dialog: Service."
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Must be those plates -- interfering
text: with the signal somehow.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Not the plates: the House. Why is no one
dialog: listening to me?? It's alive! And once
dialog: it's made up its mind, it won't let
dialog: anything out.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: So, what? You're saying we're stuck
dialog: here the rest of our lives?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
text: A cleaning crew's supposed to arrive
dialog: at 9:30 tomorrow morning -- I think
text: the power of the house fades at dawn.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- well, let's hear it for small
dialog: miracles --
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: -- but I imagine we'll all be mutilated
dialog: beyond recognition by then.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Goodbye, bad times -- hello, Prime Time!
text: She starts shooting tape again -- everything and everybody.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: There is something seriously screwed-up
dialog: going on here, and I don't believe it's
dialog: about ghosts --
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: -- oh, it sure ain't, sweetheart.
text: Heads turn: walking slow, smug and regal down the great
text: staircase into the foyer is EVELYN STOCKARD-PRICE, her coat
text: discarded, her neckline loosened -- she realizes she's here
dialog: for the night.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Take a bow, Steven, you've outdone
dialog: yourself tonight -- scared holy hell
dialog: out of even me.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: If that's the fact, Price, okay, you've
dialog: had your fun -- now open the goddamn --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- asking the wrong guy -- wasn't me
dialog: who closed it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Sure it wasn't. Hey, anybody else here
dialog: make their living with thrills'n'chills
dialog: for the kiddies? Don't raise your hands
text: all at once.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Huh. And here I had a completely
dialog: different theory.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Really? Well, let it rip.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Oh, no-no-no -- much more bang for
dialog: everyone's buck to nail the bitch --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- the sadistic prick --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- in the act.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Uh, excuse me? Don't think I'm not
dialog: having the time of my life watching
dialog: this train wreck that's your marriage --
dialog: but this isn't what I had in mind... I
dialog: want to know that we can get out of here
dialog: if we need to.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Believe me, we need to.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Pritchett, this "lockdown" thing --
dialog: it's gotta have like a master control
dialog: -- you know machinery, gears, whatever --
dialog: somewhere in this place?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: The basement -- but, believe me,
dialog: you don't want to go down there.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No, you don't want to go down there. I
dialog: am going down there. And I'm going to
dialog: find reverse on this thing and floor it.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: You'll never find it, it's a maze down
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Well, that leaves you with two options
dialog: then, doesn't it: either show me where
dialog: and maybe we get out of here -- or it's
dialog: spend-the-night-sleep-tight.
text: Pritchett leaps to his feet.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: It's actually very easy when you
dialog: know the way.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: A word of advice, honey? God knows what
dialog: kind of freak-outs Steven's got set to
dialog: spring in this place. If I were you, I'd
dialog: bring something to protect yourself
dialog: with. Baby, don't you think now's the
dialog: time to I break out your "party favors?"
text: Price suddenly looks uneasy.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Must be getting old, Stevie -- you're
dialog: repeating yourself -- this is the exact
dialog: same set-up you used for the Son-Of-Sam
dialog: Hunt back in '94.
dialog: (to Sara)
dialog: Girlie, open up that casket there
dialog: and see what you find.
text: Sara glares at her, but does as she's told: goes to the large
text: ebony casket that supports Evelyn's BIRTHDAY CAKE. Sara looks
text: back at Evelyn suspiciously... then sets the cake aside and
text: lifts the lid.
text: Inside that, seemingly free floating in space, are SIX MINI-
text: COFFINS -- no more than eight inches long, their doors
text: likewise propped open, revealing inside each a gleaming new
text: GLOCK 9mm AUTOMATIC. Each pistol black gunmetal in color, of
dialog: course.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ooooh, nice: firearms this time.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: The warped factor here just gets
dialog: bigger and bigger.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Steven's sense of humor just makes you
dialog: want to bust a gut, don't it?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm in stitches.
text: Sara takes one of the guns and attempts to eject the
text: magazine. Nothing happens. She looks:
speaker_heading: SARA
text: The clip's been welded shut.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: On all of them, probably.
text: Evelyn takes one of the pistols and points it at her husband.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: So how's a girl to know if these
dialog: things are loaded, baby?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Only one way I can think of, Sweetheart.
text: Tense beat, ala Eastwood and Hackman staring each other down
text: at the end of "Unforgiven." Then Evelyn lowers the gun.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No. I think we'll let the young
dialog: lady have first crack.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't want a gun, I just want
dialog: out. Let's go, for God's sake.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I'll meet you down there.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to Sara)
dialog: Take the gun.
text: Sara takes the pistol from Evelyn, and Pritchett
text: unenthusiastically beckons Eddie and Sara towards a hallway
text: leading to the basement. Price trots towards another door off
dialog: the Salon.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And where are we off to, Mr. Price?
text: Check the wiring on the animatronic
dialog: Mummies?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: A simple leak, if it's okay with you.
text: And he disappears down the hall. Melissa Marr jams a
text: cigarette in her mouth.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Wow...
text: She flicks her lighter, sparking a flame to life --
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT STAIRWAY - JUST AFTER
text: -- a flurry of crackling SPARKS showers Watson Pritchett as
text: he twists the '20's vintage knob light switch. He leaps back
text: with a frightened yelp.
text: We see a brief BURST OF LIGHT from the ancient sconces on the
text: walls, revealing a series of moldy, cobwebbed and rubble-
text: strewn basement gallery, and a series of five glass cases
text: filled with the mummified remains of human bodies... One very
text: odd human figure rides upon a mummified horse.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GALLERY
text: An odd multi-walled gallery from which five corridors lead
text: out, extending like the spokes of a wagon wheel --
text: -- and then every LIGHT down there SHORTS OUT with one loud
text: SIZZLING POP! Total darkness. Beat.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT'S VOICE
dialog: Y'know, this'd actually be funny -- if I
dialog: didn't know for a fact I'd be pleading
text: for a quick, painless death in the next
dialog: few seconds.
speaker_heading: SARA'S VOICE
dialog: Could somebody please just gag him
dialog: or something?
text: Sara reaches into her bag and pulls out the flashlight
dialog: Pritchett gave her earlier.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You're a handy little thing to have
dialog: around.
text: Suddenly, a terrible cracking sound is heard above Sara's
text: head. She aims her light at the large beam overhead. Just
text: then, the beam gives way. Eddie pulls her away just in
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: And you're not really as large and
dialog: useless as you seem.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm better than that.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Don't push it.
text: She thrusts the flashlight into Pritchett's hand.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Now take us where this damn thing's at.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL GRIMY ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Price bursts through a hinged panel and whisper-shouts to
text: Schechter behind the computer/video console.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- hey! Next time give me a couple
dialog: seconds notice before you wing a gag
dialog: like that!
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: The lockdown thing.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I mean, not that it didn't give Evelyn
dialog: the kind of coronary I had in mind,
dialog: just...
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: -- it wasn't me.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Rewind that.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: I was just sitting here -- it happened.
dialog: I had nothing to do with it.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Then who did??
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: No idea. I didn't even know the damn
dialog: thing still worked!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: It works.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: Maybe it was just its time to finally
dialog: fall apart.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: No. Somehow -- I don't know how --
dialog: she did it.
speaker_heading: SCHECTER
dialog: Pretty amazing feat: all that shit
dialog: down the basement and your wife's
text: up in the bedroom the whole time.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Don't take your eyes off her for a
dialog: second. I think she just declared War.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Evelyn, a huge drink in her hand, holding forth to a not
text: terribly interested Dr. Blackburn. Melissa Marr's oblivious,
text: Camcorder to her eye, slowly dollying herself out of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We'd've been splitsville years ago, with
dialog: me the richest single woman in recorded
dialog: history -- but Steven doesn't "believe"
dialog: in divorce.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Not too big on it myself -- but then
dialog: again, not on marriage either.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh, he's got no problem with that:
dialog: I'm his fourth.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: I'm confused.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No need for divorce and that messy
dialog: division-of-assets thing when they kick
dialog: before you do.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: All three of his previous wives
dialog: just up and died?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Damnedest thing: each one, freaky little
dialog: "accidents" --
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Sara, Eddie and Pritchett continue searching.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You should really open this place to the
dialog: public, Pritchett -- a spa for people
dialog: without enough stress in their lives.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I said we shouldn't come down here. Very
dialog: treacherous -- physical and metaphysical
dialog: levels, both. There've been no
dialog: refurbishments to this part of the house
dialog: -- it's exactly as it was in 1931.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Is that a fact, Mr. Pritchett?
text: They all whip around -- spooked to the max. Pritchett shakily
text: trains the flashlight on who or what's behind them: Price.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Good way to get your head blown off.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I'll try not to remember to warn Evelyn.
text: They soon pass a broken wall. Rubble and debris litters the
text: floor. Pritchett moves them quickly past the spot. This
text: doesn't go unnoticed.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What's in there?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: (too quickly)
dialog: Nothing.
text: Sara takes the flashlight from Pritchett's hand and aims it,
text: into the dark hole beyond.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE DOOR
text: The light glints on a HUGE STEEL DOOR. A grime-covered
text: WINDOW is set at eye-level. A black mold corrodes away the
dialog: edges.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Nothing? That seems like quite a door
dialog: to hold back "nothing".
text: Pritchett just stares at the door for an uncomfortably long
dialog: moment...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What is it? What's in there?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: (finally)
dialog: The Soul of the House. Everything that's
dialog: corrupt about it... My father trapped it
dialog: in there just before he died. You see,
dialog: he purchased the house to restore it...
dialog: We were going to live here... Nothing
dialog: can live here. I was just a kid... The
dialog: first time I saw it, I thought it was
dialog: beautiful... It was just a dark mist
text: turning into the corner of the room...
dialog: then it started to move... then death
dialog: started to happen... First the workers..
dialog: six in all... then my father...
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Ghosts killed your father?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Not ghosts... at least not what you're
dialog: thinking... Vannacutt used to dump the
dialog: bodies of his failed experiments
dialog: somewhere in the house...
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: And you think it's in there?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
text: Accumulated evil... festering for
dialog: decades...
dialog: (switching gears)
dialog: But I'm a drunk... so don't listen to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: So you're saying as long as that door
dialog: stays locked, we're okay?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Hell NO!! The House will kill ya!
text: Pritchett's oblivious: he's shining his light back down the
text: corridor -- at its terminus it splits into four new
dialog: corridors.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I think we go down there and take a
dialog: right.
text: The trio follow Pritchett. WE remain staring at the STEEL
text: DOOR. Almost imperceptibly -- or is it the darkness playing
dialog: tricks on us? One of the streaks of mold seems to have grown
dialog: longer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Pritchett leading the three others down a new corridor,
text: clearly clueless as to where the hell they are. Shines the
dialog: flashlight up to find they're in --
scene_heading: INT. ELECTRO-SHOCK ROOM
text: a small room containing a large leather table with a myriad
text: of mildewed buckle-straps attached. Behind the table: a
text: monolithic brass and wood DYNAMO that looks powerful enough
dialog: to keep Orange County lit for a year.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Electro-shock therapy. There's several
dialog: of them hooked together... Dr. Vannacutt
dialog: liked to zap his patients in multiples
dialog: of ten. More enerqy-efficient or
dialog: something. Let's try a left.
text: They turn left. A small, barely noticeable arc of electricity
text: zaps from a dangling, half-severed wire.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SATURATION CHAMBER ROOM
text: Pritchett dead-ended in another room.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Damn-it-all! This is the Saturation
dialog: Chamber! Left again!
text: He all but yanks Price along with him, Price blurting as he
dialog: disappears from frame:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: What's a "Saturation Chamber"?
text: EDDIE and SARA linger, staring at the big, cast-iron capsule-
text: shaped contraption. We hear Pritchett's Voice in the
dialog: distance, explaining:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT (O.S.)
text: New wrinkle on an old theory for
dialog: treating schizophrenia. 19th Century, I
dialog: think: what would drive a sane man mad
dialog: should make a madman sane. The Vannacutt
dialog: version was: bombard the patient with
dialog: aural and visual stimuli far more
dialog: frightening than any hallucination they
dialog: could ever produce, it'd traumatize 'em
dialog: back to "normalcy."
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Did it work?
text: Eddie looks up: Pritchett and Price are nowhere to be seen.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hey! Where'd you guys go?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT (O.S.)
dialog: Left, goddamnit!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (grabbing Eddie's arm)
dialog: C'mon -- I've got like zero interest
dialog: in getting lost down here.
text: He guides her out of the room and down --
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: -- to his left.
text: PULL BACK -- And we see, simultaneously, Pritchett, Price
text: and flashlight walking down the corridor that was to their
text: left -- Eddie and Sara walking down the one that was to
text: their left: a long, snaking passage going in the completely
text: opposite direction.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Eddie and Sara navigating the various twists and turns in the
dialog: darkness.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hey, Price! Pritchett!
text: Sara's gaze falls on: A RAGGED HOLE above their heads,
text: broken into the wall of the corridor. CABLES and WIRES can
text: be seen inside the hole.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Lemme try something. Gimme a boost.
text: Eddie grabs her by her butt. She bristles.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- hey, pal, that wasn't code for --
text: -- and with his considerable strength, lifts Sara in the air
text: so she's sitting on his hands like a chair --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- where you need to go?
text: As much as she tries to stifle it, Sara lets loose a giggle.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Three steps forward -- I want to get up
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: This whole place can't be wired
dialog: to just one circuit --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Pritchett and Price taking a hard right into --
scene_heading: INT. GEAR ROOM
text: We recognize the rusted gears from the "lockdown" sequence.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Bingo!
text: He shines the light through the cavernous space: an immense
text: mechanism of cams, pulleys and counterweights. Price stares
dialog: in absolute awe -- this is something straight out of the
dialog: Industrial Revolution.
text: He eyes the bank of long-handled, mother-of-pearl tipped
dialog: levers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WALL - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara with her hands deep in the recess behind the wall
text: sconce, yanking and re-connecting wires until -- she gets
dialog: a spark.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - SIMULTANEOUS
text: It burns her fingers and she yelps -- but the lights in the
text: corridor FLICKER ON for a moment. And then again. And again.
dialog: It's a lousy source of illumination, but...
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- better than nothing. Down, big
dialog: fella'.
text: Eddie lowers her back down to earth -- his hand lingering for
text: a moment on her bottom. Their eyes meet for a nanosecond.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Most fun I've had all day.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You need to get out more.
text: They start walking down the weirdly pulsing corridor.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: So, who are you really?
text: Sara stiffens for a second. Then, calmly:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What? Deep down inside?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Start with the name you were born with,
dialog: and we'll work forward from there.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I told you already: Jennifer Jenzen,
dialog: Executive V.P. of --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I don't think so...
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Most of my business is making deliveries
dialog: to high rollers. And I have yet to meet
dialog: one Executive who could tie their own
dialog: shoes -- let alone rewire an entire
dialog: house. You don't fit the bill -- not
dialog: even close.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: There's always exceptions.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Not in the movie biz. So, c'mon,
dialog: gimme the truth.
text: Ahead of them, Sara sees the corridor splits into two.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: The truth is, if we keep taking rights,
dialog: we're going to have to end up where we
dialog: started.
text: She beckons him to follow her, starts walking down the
text: corridor to the right.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Look, we're all gonna be out of here in
dialog: a little while and go our separate ways,
dialog: all a million bucks richer. What's it
dialog: matter who I am or who I'm not?
text: There's no response from Eddie.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Okay... So let's say, hypothetically,
dialog: I'm not exactly who I should be -- okay,
dialog: so you're right, you're a genius, I
dialog: don't know anybody who could've ever
dialog: seen right through me like that --
dialog: does that end the discussion?
dialog: No response from Eddie.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Alright, look: my real name is Sara,
dialog: and I'm a secretary -- was, anyway -- to
dialog: the real Jennifer Bitch who was invited
dialog: here, and now you know and I'm begging
dialog: you don't tell anybody, 'cuz I'm out of
dialog: a job and could really use even a tenth
dialog: of that money, okay?
dialog: No response from Eddie.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Can I just get a "yes" or a "no"??
text: She turns: Eddie's nowhere to be seen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GEAR ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Pritchett and Price stand in the "Lockdown" control room,
text: staring at a rusted lever that Price has snapped off.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: We may have to...look for other
dialog: means to get out of here.
text: Price looks around the room.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: What happened to what's-their-names?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara trotting down one CORRIDOR --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Eddie...?
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - ANOTHER CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara moving and picking up speed:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: If this is your idea of funny, think
dialog: again!
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - ANOTHER CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara moves even faster:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: In fact, you're really starting to
dialog: piss me off!
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - ANOTHER CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: And suddenly, she slams on the brakes -- because at the far
text: end of this Corridor, she spots:
text: EDDIE - quick-stepping right-to-left through the
text: intersection ahead.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Hey, pal: game called on account
dialog: of boredom, let's go --
text: And then she sees: in the strobe-flicker of light, his EYES
text: look devoid of pupils, as though replaced by something
speaker_heading: METALLIC.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Eddie...??
text: Eddie keeps walking, turns into another corridor and
text: disappears from sight.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What is your problem?
text: She runs after him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - ANOTHER CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara again spots Eddie at the other end.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Hey!
text: He keeps on walking, turns into a room, disappears from
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You know, I was actually starting to
dialog: like you, you creep!
text: Nonetheless, she chases after him into --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE ROOM
text: Sara stops, scared. God-knows what this room's purpose was
text: long ago, now it's just a space filled with enormous glass
text: tanks, vat-like things filled with BLOOD. But no Eddie. She
text: shouts to the air:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Okay, you win. You've successfully
dialog: creeped me out.
text: -- and then her EYES GO WIDE as she spots
text: EDDIE -- perched above a Vat -- he's teetering, his
text: equilibrium like a marionette's -- in danger of dropping
dialog: right into the Vat!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What are you doing --
text: -- Eddie drops like a stone into the Vat.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- Eddie!!
text: She scrambles up to the top of the Vat, looks down into it:
text: nothing but that thick opaque muck -- but there's SOMETHING
text: ROILING beneath it. Sara plunges her arms down into it --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- Eddie! Eddie! Oh my god!
text: -- BAM! Something does -- yanking her down hard into the Vat
text: -- and continuing to pull -- she's to her shoulders in it --
text: and her head's about to go in --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- Eddie!!
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Over here.
text: Sara darts the one eye still above the muck-line behind her.
text: EDDIE MOSES -- is standing in the doorway, a completely
text: baffled expression on his face.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What's going on, you lose something
dialog: down there?
text: SARA -- looks back down into the Vat in horror. Lets out
text: a scream. Whatever's in there releases her arms and she
text: goes tumbling ass-over-teakettle down to the floor, her
dialog: arms released.
text: Eddie runs to her, takes her in his arms, sopping himself in
dialog: the same blood.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What are you doing? Are you okay?
text: Sara has no answer.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAIN SALON - SHORTLY AFTER
text: Pritchett enters the room. The blood-caked Eddie and Sara
text: stumble in, right behind them. Pritchett grimaces...
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Now it's marked the two of you.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I suppose it's too much to hope that
dialog: all that blood means --
text: A grim-faced Price enters.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: -- nope, he's still alive.
text: She pours herself another huge drink.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Evelyn, could you just zip it for a
dialog: moment? It looks like we're stuck here
dialog: 'til morning -- let's make the best of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Best of a nightmare.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: There is something very not
dialog: normal going on here!
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: This? This is nothing. You've only been
dialog: dealing with the House itself. You have
dialog: no idea what you're tinkering with.
text: Sooner or later, the darkness that is at
dialog: the core will get out... One of you
dialog: will release it... Not meaning to, of
dialog: course... then...
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ...Bye, bye, Miss American Pie...
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Pritchett, what is this "core of
dialog: darkness"?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I thought you understood.... It's the
dialog: souls of Vannacutt's dead... The
dialog: insanity... The horror... Victims burned
dialog: alive... All that pain percolating
dialog: somewhere in the house for seventy-some
dialog: years...
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ...singing this will be the day that I
dialog: die... This will be the day that I....
text: He makes a beeline for the sideboard.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: There must be some other way out.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Well, until that's found, I think it's a
dialog: good idea we all stick together.
dialog: (turns to his wife)
dialog: Or wouldn't that fit into your plans,
dialog: baby?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Fine with me. Just somebody then better
dialog: go and round up Melissa Marr.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Stalking the wild poltergeist.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SIMULTANEOUS
text: VIDEO IMAGE: A DARKENED HALLWAY rife with grainy shadows.
text: The image cruises down the corridor, peering into the
text: twisting passageways that intersect our path as we drift
dialog: like some Flying Dutchman.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SIMULTANEOUS
dialog: and we see that we've been watching from the POV of Melissa
text: Marr's CAMCORDER. She's gliding up and down the hallway,
text: eye glued to the viewfinder, taking in every square inch of
dialog: the place.
speaker_heading: POV CAMCORDER
text: The bumps and pits in the carved-stone CORRIDOR walls are
text: becoming more vivid.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Melissa seen taking a left into ANOTHER HALLWAY.
speaker_heading: POV CAMCORDER
text: an ODD SHADOW plays in the corner at the end of this new
text: hallway. The CORRIDOR appears to grow smaller, more
text: claustrophobic.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Melissa letting loose a half-uneasy, half-exhilarated gulp.
text: She stops walking. Slowly lowers the Camcorder, scans the
text: end of the hall with her naked eye:
text: Other than having the creepy ambience as the rest of the
text: house, the hall appears normal again: large and long without
text: a trace of anything extraordinary. She returns her eye to the
text: viewfinder.
speaker_heading: POV CAMCORDER
text: the SHIFTING SHADOW she saw before disappears into an OPEN
text: DOOR at the end of the hall.
speaker_heading: MELISSA (O.S.)
dialog: Curiouser and curiouser. We're talking a
dialog: fifty share, minimum.
text: -- just then: a murmur of MANY VOICES heard around her.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Melissa lowers the CAMCORDER, eyes darting everywhere,
text: scared -- but she sees nothing. CAMERA back up to her eye.
text: She moves to the doorway. As she turns the corner, we see
text: the PATTERN ON THE WALL. It is really a painting done in
text: ANAMORPHOSIS - it has now become a terrible Gothic demon,
text: ready to strike.
speaker_heading: POV CAMCORDER
text: We reach the vault-like door and peer down the steps that
text: disappear into a pool of darkness. The VOICES heard again.
text: Indistinct basso. Emanating from somewhere below. We
text: descend down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: MELISSA comes to a stop at the bottom of the stairs: her eyes
text: go wide at the sight before her.
text: WILD IMAGES painted by some long-dead madman, start on the
text: floor, sweep up across the wall and onto the ceiling.
text: SHE PEERS CLOSER, sees: that they're images of torture and
text: death painted in blood. MELISSA stares at them, wide-eyed.
text: She puts the camera back up to her eye.
speaker_heading: POV CAMCORDER
text: the IMAGES come alive: WRITHING in AGONY, what passes for
text: their mouths open wide in silent screams. Melissa is awe-
dialog: struck:
speaker_heading: MELISSA (O.S.)
dialog: Fuck me bald.
text: She moves down the corridor to a room at the end. A sign
text: proclaims "CEREBRAL HYGIENE". As she nears, the voices grow
text: louder. And now mixed in with them are terrible MOANS.
scene_heading: INT. CEREBRAL HYGIENE ROOM -
dialog: Melissa enters --
speaker_heading: POV CAMCORDER
text: A strange room filled with odd devices is laid out before us.
text: Clearly left over from another era, quack electric machines
text: and bizarre instruments line the walls.
text: In the middle of the room, a small group of PEOPLE in white
text: stand huddling urgently around something, their backs to us.
text: A MAN in white, off to the side, is filming whatever it is
text: going on with a spring-wound 16mm CAMERA.
speaker_heading: MELISSA (O.S.)
dialog: Jesus...
text: And then the Huddled Group whips around, revealing the
dialog: objects of their-activity:
text: TWO HUMANS -- crammed together on one gurney: a Woman in
text: a savaged Nurse's uniform; a Man, in what little is left of
text: his surgical scrubs, a name plate pinned right into his
dialog: flesh: "Vannacutt."
text: Both SCREAMING like banshees as they're being VIVISECTED.
text: It is the identical image we saw on the B&W footage from 1931
text: at the beginning of the movie.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: With a GASP, MELISSA pulls the camera from her eye.
text: She looks at the room: the equipment is all there but the
text: room is completely EMPTY of anything living.
text: She lets out a small sigh of relief and TURNS to leave --
text: -- and suddenly in front of her is... THE PATIENT... that
text: Vannacutt and Nurse had originally been dissecting. He's
text: jittering so fast he's a blur. And then he lunges at her.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON - SIMULTANEOUS
text: The SCREAMS of Melissa Marr echo wildly in the room -- long,
text: agonized HOWLS that just grow louder and louder. Everyone
text: looks up in alarm -- with the exception of Evelyn, whose sole
text: focus is on pouring herself a new drink.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Could be old Melissa found what she was
dialog: looking for.
text: As the SCREAMS grow even more hideous, Price and Guests dash
text: out of the room. Pritchett downs the rest of his huge tumbler
text: of Scotch, then proceeds very halfheartedly after them --
text: and then the SCREAMS stop. Pritchett sits back down in his
text: chair, pours another drink.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
text: She's dead. Chalk up one for the House.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Price and Blackburn striding down a long hallway, eyes
text: darting everywhere, shouting:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Melissa!
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Ms. Marr!
dialog: And then hearing from down in the basement:
speaker_heading: EDDIE (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, Jesus: down here!
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Price and Blackburn arrive to see Eddie and Sara standing
text: outside the door labeled "Cerebral Hygiene."
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Is she alright?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: ....I don't...know.
text: The two men follow their gaze. To the FLOOR. Lying there is
text: MARY'S CAMCORDER the lens shattered, the hand-grip broken
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Something just must've...frightened
dialog: her, that's all.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yeah...something.
text: Sara holds up her finger: it's drenched with fresh blood. And
text: with it, she points into the empty room. On the tile is a
text: wide, red and glistening DRAG MARK leading from the doorway
text: to the foot of the half-rotted... OPERATING TABLE.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Jesus.
text: Price and Blackburn run into the room. Blackburn kneels down,
text: examines the drag mark. Utterly baffled and not a little
dialog: unnerved:
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: It just...stops here.
text: Sara sticks her head in the door, nervously:
speaker_heading: SARA
text: Maybe....maybe she went up on the table.
text: Price runs a finger along the table bed; he's able to dig a
text: trench the entire length of it through the three-inches-deep
text: worth of dust.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Nobody, nothing's been on this in...67
dialog: years.
text: Eddie stomps into the room, frightened and frustrated, trying
dialog: to make sense of it all:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well, she went somewhere! She didn't
text: just up and disappear into thin air!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No...not air --
text: The three men turn to look at her -- Sara's staring at
text: something above them: a spot on the... CEILING directly over
text: the Operating Table, where the bloody DRAG MARKS resume,
text: continuing all the way to the point where concrete ceiling
text: meets equally solid wall, and then vanish altogether.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- into the House.
text: They just stare at the sight in dead, scared-shitless
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: HEARD OVER:
speaker_heading: EDDIE (V.O.)
dialog: There's gotta be some way out --
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON - SOON AFTER
text: Eddie seen haranguing a near-dead drunk Pritchett:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- of this place, goddamnit, Pritchett!
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Yes.
text: Pritchett drains the last drops of his tumbler of Scotch.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Alcoholic coma, if you hurry.
text: He starts to pour another --
text: -- Eddie swats both glass and bottle out of his hand; they
text: SHATTER on the floor. In this tension-packed room, the sound
text: is magnified a hundred-fold. Blackburn all but jumps out of
text: his skin.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Jesus H. Christ!
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Oh dear.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: (to Eddie)
dialog: If you don't calm the hell down I'm
dialog: gonna strap you in for electro-shock!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (waving his pistol)
dialog: How you gonna manage that with a new
dialog: blow-hole in your dome?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Hey, if everybody's gonna kill each
dialog: other, could you do it in another room?
dialog: I'm trying to get something accomplished
dialog: here.
text: We see that Sara's sitting at a desk in the room, fiddling
text: with the innards of Melissa Marr's camcorder.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What the hell good is fixing that
dialog: gonna get us?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: An answer, I hope: exactly what -- or
dialog: who -- Melissa was taping.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And then where are we?
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Put it this way: if it's your face on
dialog: that tape, Mr. Moses, we're one gunshot
dialog: away from solving all our problems --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- fuck you!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I got it! Something, anyway...
text: The room goes silent -- on the PLAYBACK SCREEN on the side of
text: the CAMCORDER, an erratic, wildly rolling IMAGE can be seen.
text: Everyone present, Pritchett included, starts gravitating
text: towards Sara and the desk. She hits the STOP button on the
dialog: Camcorder.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: The motor's working, but the tape's
dialog: pretty much D.O.A. -- I could only
dialog: rewind it back a couple of feet. Don't
dialog: blink, this is probably the first and
dialog: only showing.
text: She punches PLAY. And we see on the
scene_heading: CAMCORDER'S PLAYBACK
text: soundless: a vision of free flight -- the lens capturing
text: what it saw as it dropped to the ground: a wild, herky-
text: jerky, ass-over-teakettle melange of --
text: WALL/CEILING/MARY'S HAIR -- and, finally: FLOOR as the
text: lens smacks TILE, fractures into a starburst of cracks,
text: topples onto its side. And through this veil of JAGGED,
text: SPIDERY LINES, we see:
text: MARY'S HAND drop into frame -- lie still for a moment --
text: and then start VIOLENTLY SPASMING, as a BLOODSTORM starts
text: spattering it from O.S. Until the color of her flesh can
dialog: no longer be seen --
text: A METAL CRUNCH is heard from inside the CAMCORDER, and the
text: image on the screen goes to BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON - CONTINUOUS
text: No one moves -- they're all frozen there, staring at the dead
text: screen. Beat. And then: the sound of light APPLAUSE is heard.
text: Heads turn towards its source, and we see:
text: EVELYN STOCKARD-PRICE leaning against one of the walls, her
text: hands slowly, almost angrily CLAPPING. She doesn't speak,
dialog: she seethes:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Game, set and match, Steven. You've
dialog: outdone yourself. And I know it's not
dialog: good manners to ask the magician how he
dialog: did it, but inquiring minds are
dialog: desperate to know: just what did really
dialog: happen to Ms. Marr?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Asking the wrong person again.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I mean, did she stage it all for you and
dialog: then go hide -- or did you just flat out
dialog: kill the little bitch --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- I pose you the same question --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- and who's next on your list?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: If I had one, Evelyn, I think you know
dialog: who'd be first and last --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- oh, for chrissake, that's a given;
dialog: we all know that knocking me off is the
dialog: bottom line here --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- that wasn't my original plan, but it
dialog: is starting to look more attractive --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- thank you! All the cards finally
dialog: on the goddamn table!
text: She produces one of the Glocks and points it at him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Just know I'm not gonna make it
dialog: easy for you. We still don't know the
dialog: answer to the Million Dollar Question --
text: -- Evelyn fires the gun into the wall just to the left of
text: Price's head. It smashes a hole there the size of a fist.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Question answered.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: They weren't loaded when I put
dialog: them in there!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Funky little house, ain't it?
dialog: (turns to the Guests)
dialog: Friends, your hostess is now going to
dialog: retire for what's left of the night. If
dialog: you need me, I'll be in the bedroom
dialog: upstairs -- but try and fight that need:
dialog: the door'll be locked, I'll be trying to
dialog: sleep, and if anyone so much as breathes
dialog: in the keyhole, I'm gonna empty this
dialog: thing into their fucking head. Thank you
dialog: all for the bestest birthday a girl
dialog: could have.
text: She walks away and begins climbing the stairs. Price turns to
text: the guests to see that every eye in the room is staring at
text: him -- and not without fear. Price is astonished, then just
text: shakes his head with disgust.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Even if I were inclined, I've had better
dialog: -- and a lot safer -- opportunities to
dialog: kill off a wife.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Three times, to be exact.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Accidents. Fatal. Each of your
dialog: prior wives, so we've been informed.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Can't imagine by who. I don't suppose
dialog: the truth would interest you: that I've
dialog: never had another wife but Evelyn.
text: No response, just looks of confusion.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Married. Once. Same woman. All these
text: years. She just slithered up the stairs.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Prove it.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Prove it how?
text: Sara strides to the coffin-cabinet and withdraws one of the
dialog: Glocks.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: And what are you planning on doing
dialog: with that?
text: She cocks it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I just decided a million bucks is
dialog: worthless if you ain't around to spend
dialog: it. There is a way out of this place,
dialog: and I'm gonna either find it or create
dialog: it.
dialog: (to Eddie)
dialog: Coming or staying?
text: Eddie looks at his options: Price, Blackburn & Pritchett --
dialog: or Sara.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah, what the hell, I'll go.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Yeah, me too.
text: Blackburn takes a gun from the coffin and cocks it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: More the merrier.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: No. I'm going back to try and find Ms.
dialog: Marr. If she's hurt, I'll tend to her.
dialog: Dead, then I'm coming back for him.
text: He glares at Price and exits in the opposite direction.
text: Long beat. Price stares at the befuddled Pritchett who seems
text: to be having a quiet conversation with himself.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I think...I may have the answer.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I remember...it was a long time ago...my
dialog: father said: when the House was finally
dialog: completed, make sure...we-christen-it-
dialog: with-this-bottle-of-dirt-cheap-champagne-
dialog: that-should-still-be-in a cupboard
dialog: somewhere!
text: Pritchett is out of his chair extremely fast for someone with
text: a near-lethal blood alcohol level. As he makes his exit, he
text: grabs one of the last Glocks. Turns sheepishly to Price:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Nothing personal.
text: He chambers a shell and exits. Beat. Price is alone in the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Evelyn, goddamnit -- !
scene_heading: INT. SMALL GRIMY ROOM - JUST AFTER
text: -- and bursts through the hinged panel into computer
dialog: central, shouting:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- Schecter, how is she pulling
dialog: this off!?
text: Schecter doesn't turn, all his attention focused on the
text: computer screen, his fingers stopped dead in the their tracks
text: upon the keys as though suddenly terrified by something.
text: Price looks at the computer screen. Two words typed there:
dialog: Someone Else
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: What does that mean?
text: Schecter stays frozen. Price is beside himself:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Schecter, what the hell does it mean??
text: He whips Schecter around in his swivel chair -- and comes
text: literally face-to-face with -- a Man who no longer has a
text: face! It's like someone took a giant melon-baller to
text: Schecter's head, scooping out everything -- just leaving the
dialog: rind that's the interior wall of his skull. Well, mostly
text: everything: there's still bits of bloody brain pulp hanging
text: from the bone. Needless to say: he's dead.
text: Price turns away, gagging in horror -- and his eye is
text: caught by a flash of motion in a --
text: VIDEO MONITOR -- the one trained on the Main Salon
text: A FIGURE (VANNACUTT) DRESSED ALL IN WHITE standing by the
text: sideboard, looking up into the CAMERA -- a strange
text: stainless-steel device in his hands that looks half-
text: surgical saw/half-speculum. Something dark and wet dripping
text: from its knife-sharp edges.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Someone else. Not Evelyn --
dialog: Price's Eyes jump to --
scene_heading: VIDEO MONITOR - THE ONE TRAINED ON THE BEDROOM
text: -- plain as day, there's Evelyn under the covers.
text: Price's eyes dart back to the SALON MONITOR -- the Figure in
text: White is no longer there. But Price catches a flash: the door
text: to the corridor just swinging shut! Price jumps to his feet
text: and tears-ass out of the small room, screeching:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: There's someone else in the House!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - MAIN FLOOR - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Eddie and Sara pulling with all their might on the iron grate
text: to one of the windows. Eddie stops.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You hear somebody?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No -- keep pulling, it's moving!
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Dr. Blackburn, armed with Sara's flashlight and his medical
text: bag, strides with determination through the labyrinth. Then
text: stops when he hears a faint VOICE in the distance:
speaker_heading: DISTANT VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Blackburn!
text: Blackburn finds he's stopped right by the door to the
dialog: "Cerebral Hygiene" room.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: (suddenly nervous)
dialog: Ms. Marr...?
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN'S BEDROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: We see the locks on the door, deadbolt and knob-lock both,
text: SNAP OPEN simultaneously. Beat. In the distance, a VOICE:
speaker_heading: DISTANT VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Someone else -- !
text: The door SLAMS. WHIP-PAN to Evelyn's bed: clearly it's been
text: slept in -- but now it's completely empty.
scene_heading: INT. VANNACUTT'S STUDY - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Pritchett on his hands and knees going through a large
text: cabinet, tossing books and papers over his shoulder in a
text: frenzy of frustration.
speaker_heading: DISTANT VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: -- in the House!
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I know, I know -- it's gotta be
dialog: here somewhere!
scene_heading: INT. GRAND FOYER - CONTINUOUS
text: Price tearing down the stairs:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: You sonovabitch, where are you,
dialog: I saw you!!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - MAIN FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Eddie and Sara drop their arms from the window, exhausted.
text: But there is now a space about two inches wide between IRON
text: GRATE and OPEN WINDOW.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: We can do it...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sure, with three days and a
dialog: blowtorch.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's a thousand years old -- we just
dialog: need a crowbar or something to get
dialog: leverage -- the sucker'll pop!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No prob: I'll just hop down the
dialog: hardware store --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- no. The basement -- the room with
dialog: all the controls to this thing: big long
text: iron levers just lying there --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- not a chance -- there's too much
dialog: weirdness down there I don't think even
dialog: bullets are gonna stop.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You're starting to sound like Pritchett.
text: -- and then the LIGHTS zap to BLACK and Sara SHRIEKS --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: -- Pritchett shrieks as the LIGHTS ZAP BACK ON -- blinding --
dialog: then OFF AGAIN -- then ON --
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: -- the lights in the wall sconces are strobing like an
text: epileptic's worst nightmare. The sheer schizo-psychedelia of
text: it all has Dr. Blackburn frozen in his tracks --
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT STAIRWAY - CONTINUOUS
dialog: -- as is Price.
text: -- then the SOUND starts. Price is first to hear it -- it
text: puts an expression on his face like someone is ramming both
text: eardrums with icepicks over and over again:
text: A LOUD CRACKLING ELECTRIC SURGE -- on-again, off-again,
text: in direct sync with the dimming of the lights. What makes
text: it so especially unsettling is the noise that accompanies
text: each Sledgehammer Surge: a straining, strangulating CRY. A
text: noise like a calf would make as its throat is slit.
text: The light-show be damned, Price leaps down the stairs,
text: sprinting towards the Noise.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
dialog: -- likewise Dr. Blackburn --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: -- likewise Sara and Eddie, running as fast as they can --
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GALLERY - CONTINUOUS
text: Price spies Blackburn at the other end of a Corridor, shouts
dialog: over the Noise to him:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Where is it??
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: I don't know!!
text: Sara and Eddie appear, spot them; Sara shouts:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What is it??
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Something with the power, I don't know!!
text: And then Pritchett is seen at the far end of another
dialog: Corridor.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: It's down there!
text: He's pointing to a long corridor - a light strobes at the
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What's down there?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: (awe-struck)
dialog: The...Fourth of July.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: What are you babbling, you lunatic??
text: And then clarity comes to Price's eyes.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Electro-shock.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY/ELECTRO-SHOCK THERAPY ROOM - BASEMENT
text: -- and the Noise suddenly stops. The lights stop pulsing.
text: Pitch dark and dead quiet.
text: Eddie squints and points at something deeper in the room.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: There's something --
text: -- MOVING inside the Room. Blackburn lashes his arm out,
text: stopping anyone from going any further into the room. He
dialog: whispers:
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Don't move, don't make a sound...
text: In the darkness, in the distance, they can make out
text: AN ANIMATE PRESENCE at waist level. Pale. With something
text: flowing from its sides, almost wing-like. And it's
text: squirming, undulating like a snake -- and then, softly
text: this time, that calf-like cry. High-pitched, almost female-
dialog: sounding.
text: Price ducks under Blackburn's arm and starts walking slowly
text: into the room, towards it. No one tries to stop him.
text: ON PRICE as he gets closer, and can see that whatever it
text: is, it's perched atop one of the TABLES --
text: -- the CRY -- and Price steps closer, and he can make out
text: to the side of the table, something that looks like....a
dialog: hand?
text: -- the CRY -- closer now: a hand discerned -- human -- with
text: rings on the fingers, polish on the nails --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: ...Ms. Marr...?
text: -- no response -- just the CRY -- Price reaches out to
dialog: touch that hand --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Is it Melissa??
text: -- a look of horror comes to Price's face:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: OH JESUS NO!!
text: -- and then lights flash BLINDING WHITE -- and the bug-eyed
text: face of EVELYN STOCKARD-PRICE is seen -- screaming that CRY
text: through the RUBBER BITE-DOWN that's been taped tight to her
dialog: teeth --
text: -- her head, her torso, her limbs BUCKING like they're jet-
text: propelled against the leather straps restraining her --
text: -- as the MASSIVE VOLTS of electricity from the DYNAMO she's
text: wired to punch into her like ten thousand razors at once --
text: -- and Price reaches for her instinctively --
text: -- only to have Blackburn lunge in and yank his hand away --
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: -- are you crazy!?!
text: -- and for a moment all anyone can do is watch as Evelyn
text: gets jolted and slammed again and again and again -- and
text: sparks fly from the electrodes on her head and smoke starts
dialog: to billow --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Turn it off!! Somebody turn
dialog: the damn thing off!!
text: En masse, the Guests charge into the room, scrabbling
text: everywhere around the DYNAMO, looking for a wire, anything
dialog: they can use to stop the current ripping through her body --
text: -- and Price is near-insane, smashing buttons, yanking
text: switches off their moorings as he watches the pupils
text: disappear from the eyes of his bucking, jerking wife --
text: -- and Sara pulls a cord from a socket in the wall and
dialog: nothing happens --
text: -- and Blackburn spies something running down the table
dialog: leg --
dialog: -- and Price is literally SCREAMING --
text: -- and Blackburn yanks the table-leg wire with all his
dialog: might --
text: -- and everything stops. The light show. The screaming. The
dialog: smoke.
text: -- and Evelyn, too. Her body drops back down on the table
text: with a horrible THUD. Her eyes stare sightlessly. Blackburn
text: leans over her. Head to her chest, a finger to her neck.
text: Beat. And then he stands back up straight.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: I'm sorry --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- she's not dead! Just have to
dialog: get her heart pumping aqain!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Mouth-to-mouth!
text: Price yanks the bite-piece from Evelyn's mouth -- a plume of
text: purple ARTERIAL BLOOD spews from her lips and cascades all
text: over her face.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Oh, Jesus....
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Adrenaline -- in your bag, Blackburn,
dialog: you must have --
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: -- even it we were in the E.R.,
dialog: Price: it's too late -- her heart's
dialog: burst!
text: Price puts his ear on Evelyn's chest -- listens -- his face
dialog: falls.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: No...
text: Sara puts two fingers to Evelyn's wrist pulse. Feels.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: She's gone.
text: Even Pritchett gets into the act, taking the flashlight and
text: shining it into Evelyn's fixed pupils.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: They don't get any deader.
text: Price strokes his wife's hair, tears begin to form in his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: No.
text: With his other hand, Price begins to unbuckle the restraints.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I...don't think...anybody should be
text: touching the body.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I think I'll do what I damn well please.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: She's right, Price. It's a matter
dialog: for the police.
text: He takes Price's hands firmly and removes them from Evelyn.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: It is in-fucking-deed. At the risk of
dialog: stating the obvious: this wasn't exactly
dialog: a goddamn suicide.
text: He smacks the now-loose steel-and-leather restraint with his
text: hand -- in the tense silence of the room, the buckle BANGS
text: like a GUNSHOT against the table, over and over again.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: House 2, Guests 0.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I think, Pritchett, we've got a
dialog: situation here that even you can't
dialog: explain away as "ghosts." This is ice-
dialog: cold homicide by person -- or persons --
text: He glares furiously at his Guests.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- not entirely unknown.
text: She cocks her pistol and aims it at Price.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Convenient place to point blame, hon',
dialog: but this time, the only wrong one: for
dialog: all I know, somebody should be pointing
dialog: that gun at you.
text: She shakes her head and keeps the gun where it is.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I was upstairs with Eddie --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- that's the fact, bud --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- where the hell were you?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Upstairs, too. Come with me, I'll show
dialog: you another body, a friend of mine named
dialog: Schecter --
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: -- what was he doing here?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Running all the bells and whistles we
dialog: set up to scare hell out of everybody --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- the stained glass --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- yeah, we did that --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- the window and door grates --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- no -- that's when everything went
dialog: ragtime -- whoever else is in this house
dialog: has been doing everything since -- I
dialog: thought it was Evelyn --
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: -- which is why you killed her.
text: And now he takes his pistol and cocks it at Price.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I was upstairs!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I never saw you --
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: -- I did: down here.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And I think that's case --
text: -- likewise producing his gun and chambering a shell.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- closed.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Pritchett, you're not joining
dialog: this necktie party?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I was upstairs looking for... well,
dialog: uh... moral support. I don't know
dialog: what's going on down here, but I like
dialog: you, and if you say the house didn't
dialog: kill your wife --
text: Pritchett fumbles out his pistol.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: -- then I guess then it had to be
dialog: you. Sorry.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Thank God -- I was afraid I'd be
text: lynched without a quorum.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: If you've got a gun on you, Price,
dialog: I'd hand it over now.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Not just yet. Would any of you be
dialog: interested in knowing exactly why I
dialog: ended up here in the basement?
speaker_heading: SARA
text: Fascinated.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I was chasing after somebody I saw
text: in the salon.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Oh, really: who?
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Didn't catch his or her name, just
dialog: followed them down here. Somebody all in
text: white surgical gown.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: (suddenly terrified)
dialog: Vannacutt!!
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Or somebody wanting me to believe that.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Well, I don't.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Then just wait -- maybe this whoever's
dialog: got you next on the Asylum's equipment-
dialog: test list. Maybe a literal mind-blow
text: inside the "Saturation Chamber."
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'll take my chances.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Well, I can't, sweetheart.
text: And now Price produces his gun.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: If there really is someone else in this
dialog: house, I think the four of us can handle
dialog: the situation.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I think one of you has been part and
dialog: parcel of making this situation!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: The gun, Price; hand it over: now.
text: Price cocks his pistol.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Don't test me, I'm real prepared to
dialog: use this to stay alive --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- confirming everything we already
dialog: know --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- I'll take the chance, come morning
dialog: and cops, I'll be proved right --
dialog: -- Sara advances --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: -- you lose either way, Price --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- listen to the man --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- listen to me, goddamnit --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- no more --
text: -- she reaches for his gun --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- no!
text: And Price pulls the trigger right in her face!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: NO!!
dialog: Only...there's no explosive report, no whine of bullets --
text: just this CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! from Price's gun.
text: The room freezes for a moment -- wide-eyed shock all around.
text: Price looks down at his Glock: the weld on the clip's been
dialog: broken.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Who fucked with my gun??
text: Freeze broken: Eddie lunges for him.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You sonovabitch!!
text: And he tackles Price to the floor, punching the gun from
text: Price's grasp and nailing him in the face a few times for
text: good measure. Price is down for the count.
text: Pritchett walks towards the stairs. Blackburn looks to Sara:
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Now what do we do? We've got to
dialog: hold him somewhere 'til the police --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- the "Saturation Chamber." Where
dialog: he wanted to put me.
text: Pritchett stops in his tracks on the stairs, alarmed.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: What would drive a madman sane would
dialog: drive a sane man mad.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I need a drink. Anyone wants me, I'll
text: either be upstairs or dismembered.
scene_heading: INT. SATURATION CHAMBER ROOM - JUST AFTER
text: Price lets out a scream as Eddie SLAMS the door to the
text: "Saturation Chamber". Price's face appears in the small
dialog: porthole.
text: Sara twists the WHEEL that seals tight the cast-iron, capsule-
text: shaped device. Asks Blackburn:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Pretty old and rusted out -- you sure
dialog: this thing'll hold him?
text: Through the single small window on the side, we can see a
text: furious, panicked Price slam his full weight against the
text: inside of the door. It doesn't budge a millimeter.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Don't think it'll be a problem.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (to Eddie)
dialog: C'mon.
text: Through the Chamber window, we see Price make another futile
text: CRASH against the door.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shouldn't somebody like, stand guard
dialog: or something -- just in case?
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: I'll stay, if it'll ease your mind.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You sure? You'll be alright by yourself?
text: Blackburn pats the gun in his jacket pocket.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: I'm not worried.
text: Sara nods, takes Eddie's hand and disappears up the stairs.
text: Blackburn and Price stare at each other on opposite sides of
text: the tiny window. Price is screeching something at him, but we
dialog: can't hear a word through all that iron.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Can't quite make that out -- what?
text: Price silently bellows.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: You want to see how this thing
dialog: works? Weird request, but okay...
text: Blackburn leans over and starts twisting dials and flipping
text: every switch he can find on the CONTROL PANEL of the capsule.
text: We see Price look up in alarm: a CIRCLE OF PULSING LIGHTS is
text: dappling down on him. It looks almost quaint: like a
text: Victorian carousel at night.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: You've got to let me know how it all
dialog: turns out. Professional courtesy and all
dialog: that.
text: And with Price seen yelling and pounding through the window,
text: BLACKBURN walks away and disappears into the dark of the
text: basement. He passes right by the huge, sealed STEEL DOOR
text: where Vannacutt stashed his corpses. The tendrils of mold on
text: the metal have expanded to the length of a man's arm.
scene_heading: INT. SATURATION CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS
text: Price is down on the floor of the capsule, a look both of
text: fear and an engineer's curiosity on his face, as he stares up
text: at the CIRCLE OF LIGHT that has begun to spin faster and
dialog: faster --
text: -- and then whatever anxiety he has abruptly drops from his
dialog: face. Aside from a little eye-strain, absolutely nothing's
text: happening to him. He stands and examines the source of the
text: light. Sees on the ceiling of the capsule: it's nothing more
text: than a spinning mirror ball-like apparatus flecked with
text: colored glass. He's unimpressed:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Technology by Fred Flintstone.
text: He turns away from it, braces himself against a wall,
scene_heading: SEE STORYBOARDS FOR THIS SEQUENCE - WHICH SHOWS STEVEN PRICE
text: BEING TORMENTED BY LIGHT, SOUND, FURY AND HALLUCINATIONS.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Where we view Price from outside the Capsule. Through its
text: tiny window we see him silently jerk, spasm and scream -- all
text: while standing inside the utterly empty Saturation Chamber.
text: OVER we hear almost bestial-sounding grunts.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Sara and Eddie move through the corridor - stopping at
text: every junction. They're hopelessly lost.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I think we should have taken a right
dialog: back there.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Back where?
text: They scan the maze of interconnecting passageways behind
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Good point.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (pointing to another hallway)
dialog: Let's try down here...
text: They move in that direction, turning a corner and passing
text: several doorways. Eddie glances at the door they're about
text: to pass and stops.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hey, check it out.
text: Sara stops and looks at the wire glass door. A nameplate
scene_heading: reads: DR. RICHARD B. VANNACUTT
speaker_heading: SARA
text: Vannacutt's office.
text: She tries the door handle. It's unlocked. They move inside,
dialog: slowly.
scene_heading: INT. VANNACUTT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Inside is an amazing collection of debris, partially
text: ransacked.
text: File cabinets are open and the floor is littered with
text: papers. On shelves are bottles of specimens of body parts
text: and dead sea life, floating in formaldehyde.
text: Sara moves over to Vannacutt's desk and begins going
text: through the drawers. Eddie stares at the specimens.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Maybe there are notes or drawings of
dialog: this place, showing how those plates
dialog: work.
text: Eddie pulls a picture from the wall... The glass is
text: cracked. Sara looks back at Eddie and moves to him.
speaker_heading: SARA (cont'd)
dialog: What've you got?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Class of 1931.
text: ECU - THE PICTURE shows the various doctors and nurses in
text: resident. The banner above the corroding image states:
text: THE VANNACUTT INSTITUTE STAFF FOR 1931. Below each face is
dialog: a name and position.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: Cheery looking bunch.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Better living through electricity.
text: Sara notices something about the photo.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Holy shit! Now we know how the guest
dialog: list was made up. Look, these names...
dialog: Head Nurse, Ruth-Ann Stockard... Bjorn
dialog: Jensen, Electro Therapy... Jasper Marr,
dialog: Thomas Steven Price... They're all here!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Wait a minute... What are you saying?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Everyone that was invited is related to
dialog: one of the staff who was here when the
dialog: place burned. There are five of us...
text: Suddenly, another voice is heard...
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: And five that didn't die.
text: Sara and Eddie just about jump out of their skins!
text: Pritchett is standing in the doorway in his usual sloshed
dialog: condition.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shit, Pritchett!!!
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Price didn't make the guest list... The
dialog: house did. It wants vengeance.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: How's a goddamn building gonna send out
dialog: invitations?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: What's life, anyway? Waves...? Sound...?
dialog: Light...? Electricity...? I don't
dialog: know... Phone lines...?
speaker_heading: SARA
text: Or an on-line computer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That's crazy!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What about that other guy?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Schechter? Wrong place at the wrong
dialog: time... like you.
text: Eddie stares at the photo.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I don't see Blackburn's name on here...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELECTRO-SHOCK ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Dr. Blackburn opens the door to the room and walks grimly
text: into it, staring at Evelyn's dead body, still strapped to the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: The late Mrs. Steven Price.
text: From his medical-bag, he removes a scalpel.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
text: Tragic, tortured Mrs. Steven Price.
text: With a blur of quick slashes, he cuts her limbs and torso
text: free of their moldy restraints.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Lovely Mrs. Steven Price.
text: Now accessible, he parts the top of her nightgown. Runs a
text: finger slowwwwly from the tip of her chin down to her bare
dialog: breasts.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Creamy, cool...and now very
dialog: cooperative Mrs. Steven Price.
text: His tongue darts from his lips and he begins planting long,
text: lingering kisses all over her neck --
text: -- FLASH: of a hypodermic being pulled from Blackburn's bag --
dialog: -- Blackburn kissing everywhere around her breasts --
text: -- FLASH: of the air bubbles in the needle being plunged out
dialog: of the tip: squirt! --
text: -- bubbles of Blackburn's saliva dampening her nipples, his
text: tongue swabbing concentric circles within her aureole --
text: -- FLASH: the needle into the crook of Evelyn's elbow --
text: -- Blackburn's mouth dancing down to her belly -- he's begun
text: to hyperventilate with excitement -- and
text: A HAND comes languidly into frame, begins stroking his lush
dialog: dyed locks --
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: I've missed you.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: I've missed this.
text: And Dr. Blackburn tosses the hypo away and hoists himself to
text: meet the eager, waiting mouth of the now very alive EVELYN
text: STOCKARD-PRICE -- who starts to vigorously respond to
text: Blackburn's touch. He reluctantly pulls himself away.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Easy. You've got to keep still for a
dialog: bit, the last thing we need is a
dialog: coronary.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You're the Doctor, sweetheart. 'Guess
dialog: the atropine worked, then.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Convinced all those that needed
dialog: convincing: you're an official dead
dialog: lady.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And what's Steven's status?
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Still alive, but it's just a matter
dialog: of time. And then will come your
dialog: miraculous resurrection --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- "oh, no, Officer, I'm very much
dialog: alive -- just a joke to beat my
dialog: husband at his own clever game --
dialog: What? What do you mean he's dead?
dialog: It's all my fault, I may as well
dialog: have killed him myself!"
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: "But you didn't, Ma'am. We have all
dialog: these witnesses that saw..." well,
dialog: whoever it ends up being that finally
dialog: shoots him --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- the James Dean wannabe with the hair
dialog: trigger --
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: -- or might turn out to be -- very big
dialog: surprise -- that Jenzen girl. The little
dialog: bitch has the right stuff. She nearly
dialog: put a bullet in Price right after your
dialog: "demise."
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: So what stopped her?
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: It's complicated. But don't worry --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- there's already been way too many
text: complications for a very simple plan.
dialog: You ever find out what happened to
dialog: Melissa Marr?
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: So we don't even know if she's
dialog: alive or dead --
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: -- Price killed her, there's no
dialog: other explanation --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- there's plenty: for all we know,
dialog: Steven's got her spying on us right
dialog: now --
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: -- bullshit --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- the whole thing is falling apart!
text: Blackburn starts stroking her, trying to calm her.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: It's not, baby. Just a matter of
dialog: minutes now, before somebody
dialog: pulls the trigger --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- but nobody has yet, Donald. They
dialog: just haven't been brought to that
dialog: breaking point. They have to believe
dialog: proof-positive that their lives
dialog: are in danger.
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: How much more do they need than
dialog: your death at his hands?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: But they didn't see it happen, they
dialog: still have doubts. What we need is
text: another body, and Steven's bloody
dialog: hands right next to it!
speaker_heading: BLACKBURN
dialog: And how the hell are we going
dialog: to do that?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Okay: this may sound crazy, but --
text: -- and in one savage blur of motion, Evelyn drives
text: Blackburn's scalpel right into his chest!
text: Blackburn just stands there motionless, looking at her
text: confused. She clears up any gray areas: thrusting deep and
text: yanking down, gutting him like he's a trout.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON - UPSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: Eddie trots into the room, carrying the thick base of a
dialog: wrought-iron floor lamp. To Sara:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: This is the best we're gonna do.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It'll have to do.
text: They start out of the room. Watson Pritchett remains morosely
text: sitting in his chair.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You coming, or are you waiting
dialog: for Blackburn?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
text: Blackburn's dead.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: He would have been back by now.
text: Beat. Eddie and Sara look at each other: nahhhh. And then:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Hey: Dr. Blackburn...?
text: Nothing in response. Sara grabs Pritchett and they head for
text: the basement.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CORRIDOR - SIMULTANEOUS
text: -- the beautiful blood-caked FEET of Evelyn Stockard-Price
text: seen walking across the concrete.
text: Her gore-sopped HAND seen, traveling upwards -- we follow it --
text: -- as it undoes the lock on the door of the now pitch-dark --
scene_heading: INT. SATURATION CHAMBER ROOM
text: Beat. And then the inert body of STEVEN PRICE slumps out.
text: Evelyn walks out of frame. Beat. Then a WHIMPER is heard.
text: It seems to be coming from the throat of Steven Price.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CORRIDORS - SIMULTANEOUS
text: The lights have begun strobing again. Sara, Eddie and
text: Pritchett move quickly down corridor after corridor --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Dr. Blackburn??
dialog: -- finally stumbling into:
scene_heading: INT. SATURATION CHAMBER ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: -- where the circle of pulsing lights inside the Chamber
text: itself are as bold and blinding as looking into the sun.
text: Lighting up the entire room, they can barely make out a thing
dialog: -- except:
text: A FACE -- frozen in a scream that's pressed against the
text: capsule's window.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well, at least Price is still
text: under wraps.
text: Sara squints. And then her eyes grow wide --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's Blackburn.
text: -- the FACE in the window comes into focus:
scene_heading: DR. DONALD W. BLACKBURN
text: The trio moves to the Chamber amidst the blinding lights,
text: shield their eyes and throw the door open -- A BODY --
text: comes tumbling out, the door closing shut behind it.
text: The three of them are in shock. Blackburn's face is still
text: pressed against the window. And then Sara re-opens the door.
text: And they see: there's nothing attached to Blackburn's head,
text: it's just propped in the small sill of the window. And the
text: body on the floor just happens to be missing same.
text: And then Sara sets her teeth, and pulls out her gun.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CORRIDORS - JUST AFTER
text: Sara and Eddie on a mission, Glocks in hand and ready,
text: stalking like cats through the maze of corridors.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Price!!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: He's gotta still be down here.
text: Pritchett is less enthused.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: You know, that crowbar, that window?
dialog: Maybe we should just call it a --
speaker_heading: SARA/EDDIE
dialog: -- Pritchett, shut the fuck up.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Oh, dear.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Price!
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Oh, dear.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Pritchett -- !
text: And then he sees that Pritchett's staring slack-jawed into
dialog: the:
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE ROOM
text: -- the table where the body of Evelyn Stockard-Price once
text: lay is now empty and blood-soaked.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Price, what the fuck did you do?
text: Eddie turns, enraged, to Sara. She's nowhere to be seen.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Sara is wending her way down a passage, gun now lowered
text: slightly. For what she's in pursuit of is something that
text: seems not only non-threatening, but familiar: a soft, high-
text: pitched VOICE that sounds in pain, crying:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Please.....anyone....help me?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Melissa...?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: For the love of God....please...?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Melissa, it's Sara -- is that you?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Sara...?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Keep talking, I'll find you!
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Something....happened --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- I'm coming --
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: -- something horrible...I don't
dialog: understand --
text: The Voice is somewhere close now -- within just a few feet of
text: her -- but Sara can see no one.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: If you can stand, if you can just
dialog: raise your arm --
text: -- and then, from behind a tall pile of stone and mortar
text: rubble, rises a bloody and absolutely terrified
text: STEVEN PRICE -- so freaked-out his Voice is just a squeak.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: I woke up on the floor....there
dialog: was Dr. Blackburn...I don't know
dialog: what happened!
text: Sara's surprise quickly fades -- replaced by cold, stone
dialog: anger.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I do.
text: Price rises and starts to slowly approach her, hands in front
text: of him, stretched in supplication.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Then tell me, please -- help me...!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Don't think so. Stay the fuck back.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Please! I need your help.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Not even for a million dollars, Mr.
dialog: Price.
text: -- and Sara squeezes the trigger --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- no!! --
text: -- the first shot splits a brick right next to his ear --
dialog: pieces flying everywhere --
text: -- the next six are all right on torso-target. .45 caliber
text: slugs that make a nice round black hole as they hit him --
text: huge ragged explosions of blood and meat as they exit.
text: Hideous. Bonnie and Clyde died in their sleep in comparison.
text: Pritchett and Eddie enter on the run.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What the hell are you shooting --
text: -- and then he sees the riddled Price on the ground.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Oh. Jesus.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Poor Mr. Price --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- fuck Mr. Price! --
text: He takes the shaking, wild-eyed Sara in his arms. She doesn't
text: weep, just stands there spasming with shock.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It's okay, everything's okay now.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: He's dead...?
text: Eddie takes one more look at the carnage...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Don't think it's even an issue.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: We're safe?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Uhhhh...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Okay -- I'll admit it: I'm totally,
dialog: clinically insane. But I'm still the
dialog: only one who actually got a check
dialog: tonight. It's yours -- if you just get
dialog: me the hell out of here now.
speaker_heading: EDDIE/SARA
dialog: You got yourself a deal.
text: They exit the room, heading for the stairs, not looking back
text: at Price's corpse for a second. Beat. And then, emerging from
text: the shadows, strolls EVELYN who walks over to her husband's
dialog: body, talking to it:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Steven, you poor, absolutely clueless
dialog: geek. All it would've taken was a simple
dialog: divorce -- and ripping our pre-nup to
dialog: little pieces.
text: She kneels down next to the bioody corpse, whispers:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: But no matter how it ended, please know
dialog: just one thing: from that first moment I
dialog: set eyes on you, I've always loved...
dialog: your money. You, personally -- well,
dialog: frankly just the sight of you has always
dialog: turned my stomach.
text: A HAND suddenly lashes out and grabs her hard by the
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Is that a fact, Princess?
text: EVELYN'S EYES widen in horror as she chokes out a GASP: The
text: hand belongs to STEVEN PRICE, and he literally picks her up
text: by her neck and brings her to her feet.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Well, you could have saved us all a
dialog: great deal of time, not to mention
dialog: money, if you'd just let me in on it
dialog: years ago.
text: With his free hand, he rips off his shirt -- and the blood-
text: squibbed Kevlar vest underneath it.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: This kind of special effects crap
dialog: doesn't come cheap -- and I had to pay
dialog: out of pocket! No write-offs here!
text: He begins moving toward her. She instinctively backs away,
text: slowly being cornered in an alcove.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How --
text: In the alcove is a door -- a very familiar door -- the sealed
text: steel portal leading to Vannacutt's body dump. The metal is
text: so corroded its surface is misshapen with rust.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- you must be kidding. You're talking
dialog: to Steven Price -- every place you've
dialog: gone, every person you've seen, every
dialog: word you and Blackburn ever said to each
text: other: bugged, taped, seen and heard as
dialog: it happened!
text: He squeezes tighter, now with both hands; she can barely
dialog: breathe.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Steven --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- anything, sweetheart, you need only
dialog: speak --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- what...are...you...going...to --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- just what you wanted everyone here
dialog: to believe in the first place: I'm going
dialog: to murder you, Evelyn, with the greatest
dialog: of pleasure --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: -- wit...nesses --
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: -- witnesses to what? You're already
dialog: dead, Evelyn! Happy Birthday, baby --
text: -- and before Evelyn can even let out a gasp, he's SLAMS her
text: up against a door.
text: Her body smacks against the rusted metal with a rotted CRACK!
text: The "solid" door EXPLODES inward in a shower of rust. The
text: rest of the door drops with a thud from its moldy hinges,
text: sending Price and Evelyn hurtling down with it, into the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. DECAYING ROOM
text: Stunned for a moment Evelyn and Price suddenly become aware
dialog: that there is another presence in the room:
scene_heading: something DARK -- CHURNING -- TERRIBLE.
text: EVELYN'S EYES look across the floorboards: the DUST on the
text: floor stands up on end and starts to move like metal filings
text: being pulled by a magnet.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Steven...? Are you doing that?
text: A dazed Price pulls himself to his feet, he can only hold the
text: cut that the fall has opened on his forehead and stare at the
text: movement on the floor.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No. OhmyGod, Pritchett was right --
text: The house IS haunted.
text: EVELYN tries to right herself. Price's EYES fix on the wall
text: behind her, trembling.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: Evelyn... Get up... NOW!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Steven??
text: She turns and follows his gaze:
text: A CREEPING DARKNESS is gathering on the wall behind her.
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: It's the Patients -- the Evil -- we've
dialog: released it --
text: Price tries to move, but he can't -- just stands there,
text: paralyzed with the surreal horror of it all.
text: EVELYN scrambles to her feet. Price backs up in horror.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: NO -- !!
text: Evelyn BOLTS for the door. She doesn't get far. Because,
text: suddenly THE CHURNING SHADOWY MASS springs forward! Grabbing
text: Evelyn and SLAMMING her back against the wall.
text: She tries to cry out -- but the dark shape on the wall has
text: begun to ENGULF her, literally corroding her flesh!
text: BLACK TENDRILS like acid-tipped vines, scuttle all over
text: her, eating every inch of her body: Her TEETH drop from
text: their gums, her EYES rot out of their sockets, her RIBS
text: sizzle from her chest -- until she no longer has solid
dialog: human form --
text: She's just a flat, silent-screaming image burnt/etched flush
text: into the wall -- just like the gruesome images Melissa Marr
text: saw through her Camcorder, "painted" on the corridor walls
text: outside Vannacutt's operating room.
text: Price, every limb shaking, backs out of the room into the --
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: -- his eyes shooting every which way in fear of God-knows-
text: what new nightmare -- it doesn't take long. Subtle at first
text: -- glimpses caught out of the corner of his eye -- of SHADOWS
text: in the room seeming to move:
text: -- PHFT! -- on the ceiling -- Price whips his head up --
text: -- PHFT! -- did he see something on the rear wall -- ?
text: -- PHFT! -- motion from a corner of the floor --
text: THEN all the SHADOWS IN THE ROOM - begin to move together
text: toward the center of the room -- coalescing into one huge
text: MASS OF DARKNESS.
text: Price doesn't hang around to see what happens next -- he
text: bolts from the room -- only to smack right into: AN OLD
text: RUSTED MEDICAL CABINET that swings open to reveal inside one
text: of its doors: a 1920's vintage ANATOMICAL CHART with all the
text: human organs and parts cut up and re-arranged so that they
text: are displayed alphabetically, viewing top-to-bottom.
text: And then Price's whole face goes fright-white: on the inside
text: of THE OTHER DOOR are the organs and parts of MELISSA MARR
text: likewise cut up and alphabetized -- her decapitated head near
text: the bottom, labeled "skull."
text: Price GASPS and dashes back down the corridor to find that
text: the Mass of Darkness has evolved into a HUGE, constantly
text: morphing THREE-DIHENSIONAL BEING that lets out a nails-on-
text: blackboard SCREECH and charges right for him.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS - HALLWAY
text: Where Sara, Eddie and Pritchett are trying with all their
text: might to pry open the slightly-ajar window -- when they hear:
speaker_heading: PRICE (O.S.)
dialog: He was right! Pritchett was right!
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I am.
text: Sara and Eddie dash further down the...
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS KALLWAY
text: ... where Price staggers into the doorway that leads to the
text: basement stairs -- frenzied, nearly all his strength gone:
speaker_heading: PRICE
dialog: It's...the House!
text: And then the MASS OF DARKNESS swirls into sight from below --
text: envelops Price -- and sucks him back downstairs, screaming.
text: The door slams shut!
text: Beat. The three of them just stand there speechless. Then:
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- was that??
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Something...that should probably
dialog: be...avoided --
text: -- they turn tail and tear from the room, back to
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: where they rush toward the partially pried-open window.
speaker_heading: SARA
text: The opening's still too small,
dialog: we'll never get through!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: For chrissake give me a hand!
text: Three pairs of HANDS grab onto the pry-bar and throw all
text: their weight behind it. As they strain and the metal shrieks:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Pritchett: what is going on?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: He must've unsealed the room!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: How, he's supposed to be dead!
text: A POWERFUL GROAN reverberates through the house: the sound of
text: timbers bending and twisting.
text: EDDIE'S HEAD whips right - out of the corner of his eye,
dialog: something seen MOVING:
scene_heading: THE DOOR TO THE BASEMENT - it's turning BLACK -- GANGRENOUS
text: -- it's PUTREFYING before their eyes -- bowing in and
text: collapsing as it ROTS.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I think...it's time...to go.
text: They whip around and run down the hall toward the living
text: room. As they near the end they are stopped dead in their
dialog: track.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV:
text: A WALL nearby TWISTS and BENDS into a new and different
text: WALL -- one with DOORS that now swing open -- leading to
text: some dark oblivion.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: They stare at the sight before them.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Hail Mary, full of grace -- the house is
dialog: growing!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It's not going to let us out!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (sensing something)
dialog: No. It's just trying to frighten us.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It's succeeding!
speaker_heading: SARA
text: All the plates sealing the windows and
dialog: doors -- there's got to be some way of
dialog: raising them manually. They didn't just
dialog: appear out of thin air -- there's got
dialog: to be pulleys, cables or something, that
dialog: make them go up and down.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: In the attic?
text: The WALL at the end of the corridor is bending and twisting,
text: taking on a new, hideous shape.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: If you know where it is, get there!
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Me? You've gotta be kidding.
text: The SHADOW THING rounds the bend at the end of the corridor --
text: it's enveloped the entire CEILING.
text: Pritchett looks at Sara and Eddie plaintively --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Move!
text: -- then BOLTS reluctantly down the hall. Just as THE THING
text: OF SHADOWS drops down from the ceiling; begins spreading out
text: across the floor and sinking into the floorboards.
text: Disappearing. And then a terrible SILENCE.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Where did it go?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Run.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What --
text: -- and then the FLOORBOARDS of the corridor start EXPLODING
text: in a path toward Sara and Eddie.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I said run!
text: They race down the corridor. Behind them the floor is ripping
text: up, sending debris into the air.
text: Sara and Eddie dash into another corridor. Shit! A cul-de-
text: sac, terminating with nothing but solid wall. They whip back
dialog: around, only to see:
text: THE EXPLODING FLOOR banging a hard right and hurtling
dialog: straight down the cul-de-sac right for them!
text: Trapped, they just stare terrified and helpless - and then
text: Eddie looks up and spots:
text: An ORNATE CHANDELIER hanging above them.
text: The EXPLODING FLOORBOARDS are nearly upon them.
text: EDDIE LEAPS up grabbing the bottom on the fixture. He begins
text: pulling himself up.
text: A FLOORBOARD next to Sara's foot detonates -- she screams:
speaker_heading: SARA
speaker_heading: EDDIE!
text: He grabs her and pulls her up -- just as every floorboard
text: she's standing on ERUPTS AND GOES FLYING, opening a HUGE
text: CHASM below them!
text: The two of them exchange a glance that is simultaneously I'm
dialog: okay/you're okay/are we both going nuts? That's when they
text: hear a METALLIC SCREECH above them:
text: THE CHANDELIER is ripping out of the ceiling. PING! BAM! Two
text: of the three remaining screws pop free and go flying -- the
text: chandelier's mount takes a 90-degree screech'n'jolt - and
text: Sara's already tenuous grip is lost. She crashes helplessly
text: down into the CHASM, disappearing into the black void below.
scene_heading: INT. DECAYING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara lands with a THUD, buried knee-deep in the rotted floor
text: of the room below. The Room -- where Evelyn met her demise.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Eddie manages to swing the chandelier over to the side where
text: the floor is still intact.
scene_heading: INT. DECAYING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara's just about cleared her head from the fall -- when her
text: eyes go wide. Looks down: she's SINKING INTO THE FLOOR.
text: She cries out -- and suddenly everything beneath her just
text: lets go. And she's hurtling like a rock down into:
scene_heading: INT. SUBTERRANEAN CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS
text: SARA lands on her face in some pitch-black space.
text: When her eyes adjust, she sees she's in a vault-like room
text: that is filled with stalaqmite-like MOUNDS OF DIRT AND ROCK.
text: Bizarre geological formations, each one unique in its own
text: skewed way, it appears for a moment as though Sara has fallen
text: across time and space and onto the surface of a planet we
dialog: don't even have a name for yet.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - VARIOUS ROOMS - SIMULTANEOUS
text: The full ANGER of this place is now manifesting:
text: -- WALLS writhe and twist in fury, forming
text: -- STAIRWAYS that shake themselves into splinters of frenzy;
text: -- CARVINGS in the wainscotted paneling that become animate
text: and turn upon themselves, cannibalizing the writhing,
text: screaming walls that spawned them.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SIMULTANEOUS
text: EDDIE PEERS into the hole in the floor: there is only
text: darkness that seems to go on forever.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sara...? Sara...?
scene_heading: INT. SUBTERRANEAN CHAMBER - SIMULTANEOUS
text: As Sara tries to pull herself to her feet she sees: DIRT and
text: ROCK beginning to FALL from the strange FORMATIONS
text: surrounding her. And then all becomes clear as to where and
dialog: who she's with:
text: Beneath all that effluence are the REMAINS of Vannacutt's
text: VICTIMS. Some are missing body parts. Some are only body
text: parts. Some are bound with leather straps as if they were
text: just dumped there after dying on the electro-shock or
dialog: dissection table.
text: SARA, lets out the SCREAM of her life.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Eddie hears her and bolts madly down the hall.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sara!
text: He races toward the stairwell leading to the basement.
scene_heading: INT. SUBTERRANEAN CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara leaps to her feet and tries to reach for the hole in the
text: ceiling - it's just out of reach.
text: Then she senses something else in there with her.
text: Reluctantly, she turns around:
text: The Shadow Thing appears, festering on the wall. It quickly
text: splits into parts and disappears into the rotted corpses. AND
text: THEY START TO MOVE.
text: Rising to life, foul breath bellowing into them, slowly
text: starting to come towards her in a dance macabre --
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Sara.
text: Sara looks up to see EDDIE in the opening above.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Grab my hand.
text: He bends down to grab for her, but she's just out of reach.
text: DECAYING HANDS AND ARMS are suddenly grabbing at Sara,
text: tearing at her clothes, shredding the flesh beneath them
text: bloody with their long, post-mortem nails.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Eddie!!!
text: Eddie takes his jacket off and lowers it down to Sara. She
text: grabs hold, and Eddie begins pulling her up.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Pritchett finds himself in the cavernous attic, standing
text: before the massive pulley and counterweight system that's the
text: upper half of the lockdown mechanism.
text: Through the grooved channel that one of the iron plates
text: slides up and down on, Pritchett can look down and see the
text: Foyer and the plate blocking the front door.
text: There's a hand crank attached to a series of block-and-
text: tackles that ultimately connect to the massive counterweight
text: to the front door's plate.
text: With all his effort, he turns the crank, but can only manage
dialog: a half revolution --
dialog: -- creak-crunch -- but something moved down there! You can
dialog: hear it! How much, how high, he can't see, but maybe it's
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: If there is a God...
text: He puts his full weight behind him and grabs the crank again
text: -- pushes down -- and the thing breaks off in his hand.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: No-no-no!!!! Why me, why me, you
dialog: sonovabitch!
text: In hysterical frustration, he throws the broken flange of
text: metal as hard as he can at the wall. He misses the wall
text: entirely and the crank just pinballs impotently between
text: cables and counter-weights with a series of mocking CLANKS!
dialog: and PINGS!
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Whyyyyyyy??????
text: As he tears at his hair, screeching, suddenly he notices
text: light on his hands. He turns, and the:
text: DIM GLOW from a soon-to-rise sun falls on his face. He SEES:
dialog: that, somehow, all that caroming that his errant crank did
text: has caused one of the IRON PLATES to raise slightly. There is
text: now a THREE FOOT OPENING in the attic dormer window.
text: PRITCHETT'S EYES glance nervously upward.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Is it too late to take back a
dialog: couple of things I said?
scene_heading: INT. DECAYING ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Eddie pulls Sara all the way up and out of the subterranean
text: chamber. They slump back on the fetid floor, exhausted.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yeah. And under other abnormal
dialog: circumstances, I think this would be the
dialog: time to seriously jump your bones.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Better put it on hold 'til we find
dialog: Pritchett.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't do groups.
text: Eddie laughs -- and then his mouth stays open with no sound
text: coming out. He's staring as:
text: The area around the hole in the floor begins to turn a
text: familiar black. And is creeping fast towards Sara's shoe.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Jesus!
text: She rips her shoes off.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Pritchett??
text: They both bolt and head for the basement stairs.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - SIMULTANEOUS
text: Pritchett moves to the window and freedom. He is about to
text: make it outside when he stops.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Oh, c'mon -- don't grow a conscience
dialog: now, f'chrissake!
text: He continues out the window -- stops again. Looks heavenward,
text: angry and guilty at the same time. Yells to his deity:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Alright, alright! I won't leave 'em here
dialog: to die!
text: He crabs himself back into the attic, runs over to the
text: grooved channel that the front door's iron plate slides on.
text: Shouts down through the slit to the Foyer:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I found the way out!
scene_heading: INT. MAIN SALON - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara and Eddie hear the Voice coming from the Foyer:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT (O.S.)
dialog: Anybody still alive? I'm giving you ten
dialog: seconds! Two-four-six-eight --
text: Sara and Eddie dash into the Foyer.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: -- hey! --
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT (O.S.)
dialog: (slightly disappointed)
dialog: -- ten.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Pritchett, is that you?
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT (O.S.)
dialog: Up here --
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - CONTINUOUS
text: A metallic POP! and PING! is heard. Pritchett's eyes dart to
text: the machinery: a strand of the rusted cable holding the
text: window open has snapped free, and the rest are in an advanced
dialog: state of fray.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: -- I think you better hurry -- there's
dialog: something of a time issue here.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND FOYER - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara and Eddie start up the stairs - behind them the hallway
text: is turning black with decay.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Move!!
text: They race up the stairs --
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - CONTINUOUS
text: -- arriving in another part of the attic.
text: Sara looks around, trying to get her bearings.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Pritchett!
speaker_heading: A DISTANT VOICE
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT (O.S.)
dialog: Over here!
text: The attic is a labyrinth of dangling cables, counterweights
text: and their often neck-high metal moorings. Sara moves toward
text: the sound of his voice, Eddie hangs back, sensing something.
text: SARA slowly wends her way through all the mishigas.
text: UNSEEN by her, down by her carefully treading feet, the
text: Shadow Mass is filtering up through the slits in the attic's
dialog: floor.
text: SARA edges her way around a tall iron fly-rail --
text: -- and something grabs at her hand. She's had enough, she
text: reaches back to slug it -- then stops:
dialog: It's Pritchett.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: Please. It's been a bad enough day --
text: -- and now the SHADOW MASS has re-assembled to its new, full
text: enormity. It begins to barrel across the attic towards
text: Pritchett and Sara, who don't have a clue -- Eddie does...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Get out ot the way!
text: Sara turns back toward him. Eddie rushes and pushes her to
text: the side as the Shadow Mass is just about to envelop her.
text: And EDDIE is STRUCK full-force -- he instantaneously turns to
text: a blackened mass.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Eddie!!
text: And then the wind from outside kicks up, blowing EDDIE AWAY
text: like so much powder. And Sara just crumples.
text: At the other end of the attic, the Shadow Mass is TURNING
text: back toward them.
text: Pritchett rushes in -- GRABS SARA -- and pulls her towards
text: the small dormer window -- the CABLE holding the plate snaps
dialog: three of its last four strands --
text: -- Pritchett pushes Sara through the window -- just as the
text: CABLE holding the plate finally breaks, trapping Pritchett
dialog: inside!
text: It's now back to near pitch-black again in there. Pritchett
dialog: turns to see:
text: The FACES of all of Vannacutt's VICTIMS taking form in the
text: immense Shadow Mass -- all with that revenge-on-the-living
text: look in their empty-socket eyes.
text: Suddenly from the swirling dark center of the mass... THE
text: FLAMING HEAD OF DR. RICHARD VANNACUTT appears... BLASTING a
text: HOT BREATH at Pritchett, who is freaking out.
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: I'm just the contractor's son! I
dialog: had nothing to do with your current
dialog: condition!
text: The words seem to have little impact on the steadily
text: approaching Mass of Faces.
text: -- and then suddenly SUNLIGHT POURS in behind him. Sara has
text: pried the plate up with a LIGHTNING ROD -- one that's in the
dialog: process of bending in two under all the weigh
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I think if you're coming, Mr.
dialog: Pritchett, it's now or never.
text: The Mass of Faces starts to creep up Pritchett's shoe. With a
text: screech, he flings himself backwards, literally diving
text: through the open window --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: -- as the LIGHTNING ROD SNAPS -- and the IRON PLATE comes
text: guillotine-slamming back down -- right onto Pritchett's foot!
text: He screams and hysterically yanks at his ankle --
text: -- his foot emerging safe-and-sound and whole, the shredded
text: remnants of a white sock blowing in the morning sea-breeze.
text: Sara and Pritchett exchange looks. They're both missing
text: shoes. They shrug. The sunliqht warms their faces.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: And in the darkness, we hear a familiar Voice:
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER LEE (V.O.)
dialog: The Police and Coroner arrived at
text: the House on Haunted Hill at 7:30
text: a.m. Pacific Standard Time.
scene_heading: FADE BACK UP ON:
scene_heading: EXT. "HOUSE" - MORNING
text: A fleet of milling Cops, Paramedics, Fire Officials,
text: Ambulances, the works. Sara seen getting her legs treated. A
text: blank-faced Pritchett being grilled by L.A. Sheriffs.
text: Gurneys toting very full body bags from the house. One gurney
text: carrying a half dozen vary small bags: Melissa Marr, most
dialog: likely.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER LEE (V.O.)
dialog: Watson Pritchett told the Police
dialog: that they need a Sherman tank to
dialog: get into the house. But when the
text: first officer on the scene tried
text: the front door knob, it opened
text: without so much as a squeak.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - (NEWSREEL FOOTAGE) - VARIOUS SHOTS
dialog: -- Grand Foyer
dialog: -- Main Salon
dialog: -- Basement
dialog: -- Corridors
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER LEE (V.O.)
dialog: And for all the horror that Pritchett
dialog: described, the House was found to be
text: utterly unexceptional and undisturbed
text: -- even the dust still in place.
dialog: We see that what he's saying is true: there's no evidence
dialog: that anything ever happened here. Even the basement -- the
text: Electro-shock and Saturation Chamber -- appear exactly as
dialog: when we first saw them. Even the restraints that were cut
dialog: have been made whole aqain.
scene_heading: INT. LIMBO SET - NIGHT
text: SLOW PULL BACK to Christopher Lee on the "Terrifying, But
text: True!" set, talking to us, as the footage continues to play
text: on a screen behind him.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER LEE
dialog: And not one sign of the party's
dialog: hosts, Steven and Evelyn Price.
dialog: The only person not surprised
dialog: by this was Watson Pritchett.
text: ON THE SCREEN BEHIND HIM
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - MORNING
text: A close-up of Pritchett seen, talking:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT
dialog: They're part ot the House now.
dialog: That's the way it works.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER LEE
dialog: The truth will likely be never
dialog: known. Unless on some strange
dialog: whim, you decide to spend the
text: evening inside the House on
text: Haunted Hill.
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: Good night.
text: And walks O.S. The TV CAMERA pans back to the projection
dialog: screen.
text: As the "Terrifying, But True" credits crawl, underneath them
text: we see the old silent black & white footage we've seen
dialog: before:
scene_heading: INT. CEREBRAL HYGIENE ROOM (B&W)
text: 1931. The "Cerebral Hygiene Room." The rampaging Patients
text: huddling around an operating table. A blur of scalpels and
text: saws as they viciously vivisect Dr. Vannacutt and his Nurse,
text: crammed together on the same gurney.
speaker_heading: THE IMAGE FREEZES
text: as the TV show credits end.
text: But before it fades out, we see that something has changed in
dialog: this footage:
text: The two Humans being vivisected on that gurney are different:
text: The Doctor in surgical scrubs has Steven Price's face.
text: His nurse is Evelyn.
text: Pritchett's Voice heard as the image starts to fade:
speaker_heading: PRITCHETT (V.O.)
dialog: It won't stop until it's got
dialog: every one --
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
