dialog: nee x.
dialog: How Do You Know?
dialog: by
dialog: dames L. Brooks
dialog: White Draft
dialog: 5/29/09
speaker_heading: JASON LOFTUS
dialog: Philadelphia
speaker_heading: Directo’
dialog: \
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 1.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SUMMER NIGHT 1
text: Romantic night - and now moving into camera the couple to
text: prove it. LISA, a really pretty 27 year old woman who has
dialog: made every sacrifice of mind, body and spirit in order not to
text: feel the way she does at this moment: self-conscious and
text: threatened by a vague set of ordinary emotions which, worst
dialog: of all to her, serve no constructive purpose whatsoever.
text: Still, here she is, after a lifetime unafraid of anything,
text: with fear poking secretly away at her while her date, Matty,
text: (a “hunk” who is frequently mistaken for a “catch”) is in the
text: background causing a small flurry of excitement signing an
text: autograph. .He looks and sees her failing to make the turn to
dialog: his building. .
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Left!
text: Lisa bobbles with distraction and then makes the turn. She is
text: quickly ensnared by her persistent troubling thoughts.
dialog: ON Matty...
text: As he looks at her and grins with impulse and a veteran’s
dialog: sense of mischief based on deep appreciation of the night,
text: her swirling skirt and the promise of simple pleasures. He
text: comes up behind her ear and responds to her yelp with the
dialog: absolute truth.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Night's so great. You look so good.
dialog: Just need to grab you.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Huh. .Sorry I didn‘t..
text: But that quick he has lifted and swirled her. Then, maybe as
text: she was just getting into the ride, drops her.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: We're here..
text: He gestures with his head to a nearby apartment building, the
dialog: best apartment building in town.
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 2.
scene_heading: EXT. APT. BLDG. - NIGHT 2
text: He walks toward the front door - the doorman greets him by
text: name..Lisa hesitates, ambivalent..not her usual decisive
dialog: self.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Hey..Matty..I may have to go back
dialog: on what I said about finally seeing
dialog: your place tonight..there’s a lot
dialog: on my mind right now and..
text: Matty, unaccustomed to even minor adversity, has a flash of
dialog: well, not depression..a flash of not feeling fantastic.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Light. .half
dialog: laughing. .honest)
dialog: Well, no.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (cowboy justice)
dialog: No pressure here. It should feel
dialog: right.
text: His John Wayne moral center impresses Lisa. .but then he takes
text: several steps back..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: That’s nice. Thanks. Why are you
dialog: moving away?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Give you room to think and decide.
text: The doorman also backs off a few spaces. Lisa looks at the
text: two men staring at her.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Take your time. I get a kick out of
dialog: watching you make up your mind.
text: He means it. He is having a good time giving her space and
text: enjoying the mystery. She moves forward toward the door.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 3.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You have all the signs of a
dialog: handful .
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Hope so.
text: She takes a swing at him, a solid fist and perfectly balanced
text: are to his stomach...she is surprised by her own action....
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT 3
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'm sorry did I hurt you?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: dust got me more interested.
text: He kisses her.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S APT. - BEDROOM - MORNING 4
dialog: This is a truly expensive apartment -- we are now in the
dialog: bedroom where there are a great many trophies in evidence
text: besides our Lisa, who now lies next to her spanking new lover
text: having more than held up her end of the just concluded
dialog: lengthy and athletic night of love making. She can’t,
text: however, quite match his grin. Matty’s in a state of some
dialog: wonder - celebrating the fact that hig expectations have been
dialog: exceeded.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Amazing..Female jocks are amazing.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (a level look)
dialog: Could you personalize it a Little?
text: Matty cracks up..
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: Right, right, right. .I meant it as
dialog: tribute to you, Lisa Jorgenson.
dialog: Come on, it was amazing, huh? That
dialog: was unbelievable.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Fishing for a compliment?
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 4.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (exuberant)
dialog: i'm fishing for a celebration.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I have to get going.
text: She scoops up her clothes and groans over how wrinkled her
text: dress is ag she moves toward the bathroom. We move with her --
text: perhaps noting perfect long smooth muscles in her arms and
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (o.c.)
dialog: There’s a fresh toothbrush in the
text: right hand drawer.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S APT. - BATHROOM - DAY 5
text: She stands in front of the sink now and opens the right hand
dialog: drawer.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON DRAWER
text: Two dozen unused toothbrushes lined up -- all in unbroken
text: glass containers. She takes this in then breaks open the
text: container and is brushing her teeth when there is a.. knock
text: on the door..She opens it..
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You don’t have to wear that dress
dialog: home.
text: He moves past her and opens a cabinet where there is a stack
text: of unopened women’s sweats.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Medium?
text: He hands her a package. She reacts with extreme distaste..
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: The stack is a little ---
text: repulsively unromantic.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No it's not. It's classy. I’m being
dialog: a good host here.
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It's like I‘m on an assembly line
text: spitting out girls.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: That's just negative. Aren't we all
text: on an assembly line - going through
dialog: each other’s lives until one day we
dialog: close down the factory, take home a
dialog: product and use it monogamously for
dialog: the rest of our lives?
text: She starts putting on her dress.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Matty, my mistake. .forget about it.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: If I hid the rest and gave you one
dialog: I'd be a great guy. .but because I
dialog: am open with you...
text: she moves past him heading for the front door.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: dust forget it!
speaker_heading: MATTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Too bad.
text: CAMERA MOVES AHEAD OF THEM
scene_heading: INT. MATTY’S APT. - HALLWAY/BEDROOM
dialog: 6
text: This is purposefully a traditional romantic vignette of hurt
text: woman, with a backbone, about to express herself with
dialog: forceful exit..it‘s why doors were made to slam.
text: and then that quick she catches herself - holding the door in
text: pre-slam wind-up then turns toward him, genuinely apologetic.
speaker_heading: . LISA
dialog: Hey Matty...What am I doing? I know
dialog: better.. “Don't judge anybody
dialog: before you check yourself out.
dialog: You're lucky when it's your fault
dialog: because then you can correct the
dialog: situation.”
dialog: (working it out as if with
dialog: a friend)
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 6.
speaker_heading: LISA (cont 'd)
dialog: I'm nervous over something and a
dialog: little worried so I ended up with
dialog: , an attractive guy who you'd have to
dialog: be an idiot to mistake for serious
dialog: material..for anything but a fun
dialog: friendship -- and rather than
dialog: accept the evening as a chance to
dialog: hide out from myself with some
dialog: really amazing sex, I start to give
dialog: him a hard time for just being who
dialog: he is. I really apologize. Please,
dialog: forgive me.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You may be my “dream girl.”
text: She grabs her panties and exits.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You take care.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What are you worried about,
dialog: anyways?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (forcefully)
dialog: Nothing! I can't believe I’m
dialog: whining about it. Crap!
text: As she turns away.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 7
text: Lisa -- wrinkled dress -- stops —~ takes running shoes from
text: her purse and puts them on. .She then moves purposefully. -her
text: walk arresting in its precision and power. ..passing
dialog: people. ..she ig in a hurry..
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - DAY 8
text: Lisa standing -- her face tight
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDLE CLASS STREET - NEAR LISA'S APT. - DAY 9
text: As Lisa moves down a lower middle class block to her apt.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 7.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HOUSE - DAY 10
text: As she stops at the foot of the stairs to open a compartment
text: and withdraw a weighted vest which she puts on..and then
text: begins to hop up the stairs two at a time..It's a hell of a
dialog: stunt..as hard as it looks and this image, of athlete
text: straining, while wearing a hopelessly wrinkled party dress is
text: strangely a very appropriate image for what awaits her.
scene_heading: INT. LISA’S APT. - DAY. 11
dialog: Easily as many trophies as Matty (including two Olympic gold
text: medals)..inevitable rows of team pictures, she cares about
dialog: team. (Note: how they are displayed is a project for us.)
dialog: Furniture is very basic..one of those L shaped rooms with the
text: bend of the “L” considered the bedroom -- pullout sofa. .She
text: walks directly to a desk on which sits her computer.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMPUTER
text: Lisa pauses over the keys. She sniffs the air, oxygen her
text: long time elixir. She does not touch the keys; instead moving
text: off and leaving the scene. We hear the shower start.
scene_heading: INT. LISA'S APT. - CLOSE ON LISA - A BIT LATER 12
text: As she sits again at the computer. Here's the thing about
dialog: this moment. In the truest sense of the word we are
text: witnessing an act of private bravery. Lisa's life, as she
text: knows it and has lived it, is on the line. Yet, the signs are
text: small as she weighs her dicey options for survival.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMPUTER
text: As Lisa hits the site of the “UNITED STATES NATIONAL SOFTBALL
text: ASSOCIATION.” She clicks on “NEW ROSTER OF PLAYERS” ..And then
text: reads: “THIS YEAR’S ROSTER IS DELAYED.”
speaker_heading: ON LISA
text: She is struck by foreboding and simultaneously beats the
text: feeling back. Her fingers take action..she clicks her way to
text: on-line ticketing and confirms “least expensive” trip to
text: Phoenix. A cute tone confirms she has scored for a ticket.
dialog: 
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 8.
scene_heading: EXT. NATIONAL TEAM ATHLETIC COMPLEX - TRACKING WITH LISA 13
dialog: It is off-seagon but there are college athletes and national
text: players working on some drills which look enormously hard to
text: do. When the players spot Lisa they stop immediately. .a
text: subtle flurry of hero worship ensues. . She exchanges a deep
text: hug with one or two of her teammates. .
scene_heading: INT, ATHLETIC DEPARTMENT - WOMEN’S WING - EDIT BAY - DAY 14
text: This is the home of champions. Olympic memorabilia in
text: evidence. NCAA Champion cups, etc. She is drawn to one
text: crowded editing bin cubicle where coaches and a few athletic
text: tech support persons watch a television set in a darkened
text: area. As she passes SALLY, an assistant coach (late 30's-
text: early 40's -- clearly athletic looking) calls to her.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Hey..my fave. What are you doing
dialog: here? I didn’t think I'd see you
dialog: till the Jersey clinic. We’re just
text: editing the promotional video.
dialog: (to student editor)
dialog: Show her part..
text: Lisa indicates she'd rather not..Sally gestures forcefully
dialog: that she should see it.
speaker_heading: LISA
text: Just for a minute.
text: Before the student editor scrolls the images, Lisa is there
text: sticking out her hand.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Lisa Jorgenson.
text: The student is flattered and gives her name, Jane.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Good to meet you.
text: Lisa retreats to the background. We alternate between THE
text: MONITOR and Lisa, who is a little self-conscious being eyed
text: by others as she witnesses her own past glories.
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 9.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Co-captain and second baseman Lisa
dialog: Jorgenson - ended Australia’s
text: rally..and secures the cup. .The
dialog: United States wins its 7th world
dialog: championship.
text: We see a montage of Lisa’s steller play in this game ending
text: with a backdoor slide, scoring the winning run, after which
text: she roars in competitive exultation at the opposing catcher.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: (horribly fake chuckle)
dialog: Captain Jorgenson is the mother hen
dialog: of the celebration.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS..Lisa making sure everyone is taken care
text: of..she stops one of the players from taking off her shirt
text: ala Brandy Chastain ..she is also trying to gather her
text: teammates to shake hands with the Australian team. .she
text: herself providing spirited consolation to the Australian
text: girls, simultaneously fighting off her own teammates who are
text: trying to lift her on their shoulders and somehow getting
dialog: them to lift the coach instead..we additionally see her
text: lifting Sally--a tearful moment for each.
speaker_heading: ON LISA
text: Strangely turned shy by the feelings evoked. Enough.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Enough. .
text: On the video, the stars and stripes are raised. .She
text: successfully fights off emotion but comment is required.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Whew.
text: As Lisa prepares to leave the room.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Did coach call you here?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Nope. Just thought I should speak
dialog: to him while it could still maybe
dialog: do some good.
scene_heading: 1s INT. ATHLETIC DEPT. HALLWAY/COACH'S OFFICE - DAY 15
text: Sally follows her into the hallway.
dialog: 16
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 10.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Wow...The roster’s never been this
dialog: late..but no..you can’t be on any
dialog: bubble. .
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I was in the top box of his
dialog: triangle of success chart in 17 of
dialog: the 19 categories.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well, oh my God then, so why? You
dialog: think ‘cause Cam is on the college
dialog: team here he could go with her? No.
dialog: she’s not there yet..dust honestly.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It's just the last couple of days
text: an alarm'’s gone off and it feels
dialog: more like..truth than nervous crap.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well, hell -- go in. Find out for
dialog: sure you're okay and we'll grab a
dialog: beer.
text: Lisa nods...and walks toward the office. The nameplate next
text: to the door reads “WILLIAM SMITH Head Coach.” Sally can’t
text: resist getting in her ear to render last minute coaching when
text: she sees Lisa tense.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (sotto)
text: Confident, confident, relaxed,
dialog: confident.. You are the best.
text: Sally peals off and Lisa pauses a beat. It’s game face time.
scene_heading: INT. COACH SMITH'S OFFICE - DAY 16
text: She enters the coach’s office overplaying her sense of
text: security and confidence by a mile or so.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Hey, coach. How's it going?
text: WILLIAM SMITH is a good looking guy who excels at pushing and
text: manipulating others. He is surprised to see Lisa.
speaker_heading: COACH SMITH
dialog: Hey, you. What‘s doing?
dialog: 
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 11.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You have a minute?
speaker_heading: COACH SMITH
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I've been following the training
dialog: guide you sent but doing two a days
dialog: and I have shaved my time where you
dialog: wanted by point 8.
speaker_heading: COACH SMITH
dialog: Really good...but two a days can
dialog: create different kinds of problems.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay, 1/11 stop. Good seeing you.
dialog: Thanks for the time.
speaker_heading: COACH SMITH
dialog: sure.
text: She exits.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY 17
text: As she sits in a full plane returning to Washington
text: D.C...opens an old play book -- she is ‘acting” as if she
text: were untroubled even though no one is watching.
scene_heading: EXT. ATHLETIC FIELD - DAY - VERY CLOSE ON LISA 18
text: Liga working out with several girls from the national
text: team. .She is fielding hot fungoes in a circle with
text: teammates..little grunts..small off-camera utterances, as
text: they encourage each other..Lisa’s phone starts to ring -- she
text: hears the distinctive music, turns, and, not seeing the ball
text: coming at her, takes one hard on the face. She has a bloody
text: lip..The injury is close to an absolute non-event for her.
text: She spits some blood with enviable expertise as she walks to
text: her bag on the sidelines.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It better be worth it.
dialog: (she answers her phone)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: Intercut with:
dialog: 
dialog: 19
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 12.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY 19
text: GEORGE MADISON, in his mid 30’s. If anyone faults him as
text: colorless it is because they have never paused on a foggy
text: morning to consider the vibrancy of grey.. He is solid:
text: solidly educated, solid in thought and deed and carry
dialog: through. And, of course, so many mentions of the word “solid”
text: portends that he will soon break apart from the intensity of
dialog: some serial migfortunes which will make it forever impossible
dialog: (as a character will soon remark) to ever again be the person
text: he is at this moment.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hi.
dialog: (checks a piece of paper)
dialog: Liga... This is George Madison. Did
dialog: Riva tell you that she gave me your
dialog: number?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: She said it might be a good idea
dialog: for us to have dinner together.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh..well, let me call her...when
dialog: did you have in mind?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. I wasn’t calling to set a time.
dialog: She didn’t know I was seeing
dialog: someone -- well, she didn't know
dialog: that it had escalated a bit, at
dialog: least on my part -- it just added
dialog: up for me suddenly and...
dialog: (catching himself at
dialog: giving too much
dialog: information)
dialog: Well, anyway...
text: Lisa seizes on the fun of his oddness..she grins, blood from
text: the hit on her lip covering her front teeth.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: ...80 you're calling me to break
dialog: up.
text: Her teammates gather around on hearing this -- she grins a
text: bloody grin and gestures that the call is off the charts
text: goofy. So much so she is enjoying herself.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 13.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I just didn’t think...
text: A woman enters his office with George’s secretary, ANNIE, a
text: few steps behind trying to stop her. .they are briefly out of
text: focus, as we remain concentrated on the phone call as George
dialog: attempts to do the same.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: George Madison?
text: He nods - but indicates he has a call to complete. Annie
text: gives a short hand whispered message.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: She just..the rudeness. .
text: George nods, pats the distraught Annie on the back.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I’m sorry..I got distracted. What
dialog: was I saying?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: “You just didn't think..”
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Right..thank you.
dialog: (to Annie)
dialog: Thank you.
text: The woman ig surprised, unaccustomed to being thanked.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: You're welcome.
text: She exits.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Thank you for holding..I just
dialog: didn’t think it was right not to
dialog: phone you once I took your number
dialog: in case she had talked to you and
dialog: you were expecting my call.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Uh-huh. Okay, then...It was nice of
dialog: you to call in a way I guess.
dialog: 20
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 14.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Right. Sorry for interrupting your
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Goodbye.
text: He hangs up and mutters to himself..unconscious to the fact
dialog: that he is doing so..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: CouldIhavesoundedstranger?
text: He looks down at the folder for the first time.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Oh my God.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY HALLWAY - LATE AFTERNOON 20
text: As a class breaks the students. . (grad students) flow
text: out...signs, blackboard, etc. indicate that it is a PHYSICS
text: CLASSROOM... .George is off to the side sending a text
dialog: message...We read it.
scene_heading: GEORGE'S TEXT MESSAGE
dialog: Dad? It’s important that we talk. I
dialog: need some guidance and maybe Ron
dialog: should be folded in as well. 1'11
dialog: be in early - Okay - be well.
text: He finishes and looks off into space and shudders suddenly
text: and unexpectedly. .registers surprise. It’s a first. He has
text: never shuddered before. Now the Physics professor comes into
text: view. This is TERRY DREISER, she is in the argument for the
text: smartest woman alive - a physicist whose mind holds the
dialog: promise of one day explaining it all to us. She is surprised
dialog: to see him..
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: George, am I wrong, didn’t I tell
dialog: you I'm crashing on the book
dialog: tonight?
text: She holds up the portable data plug which contains all her
dialog: work...
dialog: 
dialog: 21
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 1s.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yeah, you did..I just..I’m not
dialog: going to stay around.
scene_heading: INT. CRAMPED ACADEMIC OFFICE - DAY 21
text: As they enter --- her work is all laid out for her.. A
dialog: waiting work cocoon of perfect reading light. .books..two
text: computers and many, many stacks of research..She must move
text: sideways to get into the cramped work area where she puts
text: HER DATA PLUG into its computer port and the screen comes
text: alive with physics. .words and computations.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Maybe that’s better for tonight. I
dialog: don’t know why I agreed to this
dialog: delivery date..damn me and my need
dialog: for approval. .Sorry.
text: She slides into the cocoon -- no small feat.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Sure. It was nice seeing your face
dialog: for a minute. Settles me down.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Anyway, I think I know what it is
dialog: that's bothering you..
text: George is puzzled by this.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (crossing to him.)
dialog: If you're concerned about us now
dialog: that we've intensified..we're okay.
dialog: I am busy so I can’t demonstrate to
dialog: you that we’re okay in all the
dialog: little ways like paying attention
dialog: to you..but if you could just take
dialog: my word for it until the work lets
dialog: up that would really help me... and
dialog: us.
dialog: (beguiling)
dialog: I think I like that word better.
dialog: Us.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Ok.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Thanks. Kiss.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 16.
text: She slides out with some difficulty. .He kisses her.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: Hot kiss.
text: He hot kisses her. She moans, pulls him closer with a long
dialog: leg..Terry has the ability to get instantly hot... and when
dialog: her very plump brain cells get that blood flow, insights
dialog: result.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (hot and free)
dialog: Don't let me get away with too much
dialog: - that will never work for me ~
dialog: don't be too low maintenance that’s
dialog: a ticking bomb.. but thanks for
dialog: understanding this one.
text: George is getting aroused... but not for long. She breaks
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: See. We're good.
text: He nods and exits as she turns back to her work, then turns
text: realizing a beat late that her turn-on and sudden turn-off
dialog: was sort of funny/strange..she flashes a good guy smile and
dialog: shrugs.
scene_heading: EXT. GREAT CAMPUS - DAY 22
text: As George walks off -- he moves past an outdoor job fair
text: where dozens of corporations are interviewing soon to be
dialog: MBA’s potential employees..an assembly line where the biggest
dialog: start to package the best.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNNING AREA - NATIONAL MALL - EARLY MORNING 23
text: A foot race in progress...Lisa pounding the composite surface
text: alongside a girl, RIVA, maybe eight years younger. Lisa, even
text: while running remembers something suddenly. .
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Gotta talk to you after.
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: (gasping less)
dialog: I'll wait for you at the finish.
dialog: 24
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 17.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Sense of humor.
text: She turns it on and it is fiercely competitive -- “full out”
text: as few experience the term. Riva wins barely. CAMERA REMAINS
text: LOOKING STRAIGHT UP THE TRACK as each of the women goes to a
text: different side of frame to heave. It is a common occurrence.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR AREA - DAY 24
text: The two women have just ordered breakfast.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: So... You gave my number to a guy?
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: Yeah. I hardly know him..he went to
dialog: business school with my brother...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: How come you gave him my number
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: You don’t remember Wednesday night--
dialog: you said you had never dated a non-
dialog: athlete and maybe you should try
dialog: one. .
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I did?
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Don't listen to me when I'm
dialog: drinking Guiness.
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: It’s the only time you really say
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (briefly worried)
dialog: I hope that’s not true.
dialog: 25
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 18.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE'S OFFICE - DAY 25
text: George is seated at a gide chair.. Annie opens the door and
text: is quickly shoved aside by George's father CHARLES, vibrant
text: with an energy which leaves no doubt he came up through sales
text: and RON, the company’s legal counsel, who seems to squirt
text: Protestant genes as he walks with perfect posture.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Good morning, Dad...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You said, bring the company
dialog: lawyer..
text: George hands his father the subpoena. .Ron reads over Charles’
text: shoulder. They each react instantly -- simultaneously
text: shaken...Charles doesn’t trust himself to speak..he hands the
text: paper to Ron and paces off.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (to Charles)
dialog: They are apparently investigating
dialog: us for possible misstatement of
dialog: receivables to inflate earnings.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What do you know about this?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Nothing. But I’m responsible.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What are you being noble. .?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'm telling you what all recent
dialog: legislation says. If it’s true and
dialog: I didn’t know, I should have.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: The goddamn government’ s become
dialog: like this horrible, punishing
dialog: Mommy -
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Could you ask your assistant to
dialog: come in -- we’re going to have to
dialog: respond immediately.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 19.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Excuse me, Annie...could you please
dialog: come on in and bring your laptop?
text: Annie enters and looks at George -- worried about him. .She
text: has worked for him for some time. She adores him. Ron is
text: clearly grave.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: All these items mentioned -- you
dialog: must have checked whether we had
dialog: actual receipt of funds before we
dialog: talked to the analysts..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No..most of them came from Dad‘s
dialog: office so I assumed...
text: His father makes a strangled half-bark of a noise and George
text: glances at him.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You don’t assume or trust anyone. .
dialog: not him..certainly not me..
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Good guidelines I'm afraid.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ..with everyone working creatively
dialog: on the new line I thought I'd wait
dialog: until..
text: Another noise from Dad. Annie stands just behind him -- she
text: is unable to conceal the concerns and emotions born of her
dialog: ferocious loyalty to George.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Just a second, Dad... There’s an
dialog: overall involved here. My approach
dialog: is different than yours was, which
dialog: I tried to make clear when I took
dialog: over, And it’s to get finance and
dialog: legal out of the way of the
dialog: creative.
text: Charles makes a disparaging noise then:
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (about to take over)
dialog: Okay, now...
dialog: ~~~
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 20.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (softly but firm)
dialog: Let me finish, please.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
text: No. Drivel doesn’t get to finish.
text: Drivel gets interrupted.
text: George continues nonetheless. His earnestness is palpable
dialog: and, given his audience, ill advised.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So...shaping the corporate culture
dialog: may not bring results as quickly on
dialog: the income statement as just
dialog: eliminating jobs and wacking
dialog: expenses. But, with patience it
dialog: will work and, when it does, you've
dialog: puilt something.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (shout ing)
dialog: You are a fucking moron.
dialog: (catching himself)
dialog: Too rough..
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Much too rough.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Don’t use that language in front of
dialog: Annie.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Okay. I caught myself. Now may I
dialog: get back to the fucking, sorry
dialog: Annie, the fucking, sorry again
dialog: Annie...point!
dialog: (to George)
dialog: You talk “creativity” to me? You
dialog: M.B.A./C.P.A. You are a numbers
dialog: man. You have one job you are
dialog: suited for and that’s to be
dialog: practical pig and make sure we
dialog: build with bricks here. You are
dialog: supposed to know the temper of
dialog: these times -- in particular....the
dialog: one SPIRIT DRAINING FACT of our
dialog: lives:
dialog: (resuming)
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 21.
speaker_heading: CHARLES (cont'd)
dialog: We are potential raw material for
dialog: the blame industry..all it takes is
dialog: for one of us to stumble on any of
dialog: the trip wires our government has
text: planted.. and the booby trap is
dialog: sprung... How many former major men
dialog: must shuffle past you into ruin
dialog: pefore you realize our lives depend
dialog: on never forgetting that any
dialog: executive stupid enough...
dialog: (having committed to anger
text: he taps into a well of
dialog: genuine rage)
dialog: ...to sell his product with too
dialog: much enthusiasm or optimism...
dialog: (parenthetical thought)
dialog: ...and God forbid cause anyone to
dialog: expect that his firm may make an
dialog: extra penny or two in whatever
dialog: quarter is about to sucker punch us
dialog: with more competition from an
dialog: UNREGULATED foreign country..
text: Charles stumbles with near miraculous smoothness to his
dialog: original thought.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (continued)
dialog: ..-will be buried alive..
text: CAMERA MOVES to feature Annie who is having an out-of-body
dialog: experience hearing the favorite boss of her life so raked
text: over the coals.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (continued)
dialog: I've overlooked every limitation I
dialog: know you to have because you are my
dialog: son. And you're a good guy, as
dialog: every prick with half a brain who
dialog: ever took advantage of you knows
dialog: absolutely. But there is a bottom
dialog: line which, because of your notions
dialog: of trust and...
dialog: (none have said the next
dialog: word with such sarcasm)
dialog: “creativity,” we may inevitably be
text: forced to crawl on by some
dialog: assistant U.S.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 22.
speaker_heading: CHARLES (cont'd)
dialog: Attorney who at this moment is
dialog: answering a roommate wanted ad in
dialog: Brighton and, as his first
dialog: professional act, will slay us for
dialog: his 80 thousand a year, as he
dialog: migrates to a future of defending
dialog: us for millions a year..and if this
dialog: almost -made-the-law review creature
dialog: pins me between a choice of saving
dialog: you or the company I founded and
dialog: you preside over I think you should
dialog: know that I will choose the company
dialog: even though doing so may break my
dialog: life forever...which is finally my
dialog: fault for handing you a job where
dialog: your assumptions or notions of
dialog: trust can cause such calamity!
text: Suddenly, in a visceral reflex, Annie takes a swing at
text: Charles.. George grabs her hand stopping her just in time.
text: She is shocked by her own action.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (sotto to George)
dialog: My god, sorry.
text: Charles hasn’t noticed..Ron, who witnessed the episode, is
text: about to confront Annie but George moves quickly, addressing
text: his father and thereby forces a change of focus.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: That might have been better in
dialog: private.. To my knowledge I did
dialog: nothing wrong but, even if I did, I
dialog: don’t want anyone saving me. Ron,
dialog: why don’t you have Annie take down
dialog: what you need?
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Okay?
text: He is clearly asking Ron to overlook Annie's swing.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (a beat then)
dialog: Alright..You should go home now and
dialog: think about interviewing attorneys.
dialog: I don’t know whether circumstances
dialog: will allow the company to pay..-
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: The company will pay!
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 23.
text: Charles crosses to George as Ron begins dictating to Annie
text: whose fingers fly across the keys with world class speed,
text: even while trying to get the upper hand on her emotions. A
text: legalize preamble begins in the background. .NOTE RESEARCH FOR
speaker_heading: EXACT COPY.
text: George begins to feel his life slipping on its foundations.
text: His father interrupts his dismal reverie.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: George, don’t take what I just said
dialog: personally.
text: Charles’ lips pucker and he moves in for a kiss on George’s
text: cheek. As George moves his head out of range.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Don’t take it personally?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (anguished)
dialog: I was out of body. Non-specific
dialog: anger. It was strange. I care
dialog: about two things: you and this
dialog: place. So I went off.. But, no
dialog: matter what, I love you.
text: Charles’ lips pucker again. George decides to accept this,
text: nonetheless he has found his own bottom line.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'd rather you didn’t kiss me
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Understood.
text: As George prepares to exit, Annie, even as she continues to
text: type, feels the need to call out to him.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: George, everything will be fine.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Ron gives Annie an admonishing look.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: {decisively to Ron)
dialog: It will!
dialog: 26
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 24.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: To the Justice Department. .the
dialog: individual’s name is on here... .All
dialog: documents relating to loan
dialog: applications. .All financial
dialog: statements, including but not
dialog: limited to general ledgers,
dialog: journals, balance sheets and income
dialog: statements of George Madison, Chief
dialog: Executive Officer...
text: Ron has paced the the window and looks out as he continues
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: All documents relating to corporate
dialog: travel...
speaker_heading: RON'S POV
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING/INT. GEORGE'S OFFICE: INTERCUT - DAY 26
text: George has exited the building and stands momentarily dazed
text: before moving on.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Just a minute..
text: (he speed dials his phone)
text: Following is intercut between Ron at the second floor window
text: and George who stops in the street, others flowing by.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I've been through things like this
dialog: and I'd like to give you some
dialog: difficult advice..if you'd like to
dialog: hear it.
text: George pauses..actively considering whether he does..finally:
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Accept the enormity. Give up
text: illusions of containment.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 25.
speaker_heading: RON (cont'd)
dialog: The hardest fact of all is that, no
dialog: matter what the outcome, it is
dialog: unlikely that you can ever again be
dialog: the person you’ve been until now.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Okay, thanks. Look, let me call you
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Sorry. Any other contact now would
dialog: be inappropriate. Good luck,
dialog: George.
text: He hangs up and as Ron continues in the bg George continues
text: his walk toward his be-clouded future as we lose him in the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: RON'S VOICE
dialog: All documents relating to business
dialog: expenses including but not Limited
dialog: to consultant salaries, petty cash
dialog: and temporary employees. All
dialog: personal records of George Madison
dialog: C.E.0., including but not limited
dialog: to general ledgers, journals,
dialog: balance sheets and income
dialog: statements. The term “document”
dialog: includes but is not limited to all
dialog: personal files, telephone messages
dialog: and logs, including but not limited
dialog: to e-mails, schedules, work sheets,
dialog: books pamphlets, summaries,
dialog: proposals, photographs, work data,
dialog: graphs, research material,
dialog: prospectuses...all document
dialog: requests expressed as “herein”
dialog: shall also be taken to mean related
dialog: to, concerning...
text: The voice trails off as we leave the scene.
scene_heading: EXT. GREAT APT. BLDG. - NIGHT : 27
text: We recognize Matty’s neighborhood. ..the doorman.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 28
dialog: Total darkness..
speaker_heading: MATTY’S VOICE
dialog: Now?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 26.
speaker_heading: LISA'S VOICE
dialog: No. .wait.
speaker_heading: MATTY'S VOICE
dialog: (straining)
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: LISA'S VOICE
dialog: (passionate yet strangely
dialog: polite)
dialog: Well, I'd rather you waited.
speaker_heading: MATTY'S VOICE
dialog: (attempting confidence)
dialog: No problem.....- Now? !?
speaker_heading: LISA'S VOICE
dialog: Could you please stop asking that?
speaker_heading: MATTY'S VOICE
dialog: Sorry....but...well..n..soon,
dialog: eventually, sometime?
speaker_heading: LISA’S VOICE
dialog: Now....-
dialog: (visceral orgasmic
dialog: comment )
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MATTY’S VOICE
dialog: (equally impassioned and
dialog: earnest)
dialog: You're welcome. .
text: Great mutual expressions of pleasure in a jumble..i.e.
dialog: “Ladies and Gentlemen, a ten..” “You're good..." "You're
dialog: Good...” leading to:
speaker_heading: LISA’S VOICE
dialog: It takes two.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: At least.
text: In the dark we hear Lisa laugh despite herself.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Creep..I’m glad I came over. I was
dialog: just getting so, what’s the word?
dialog: Anxious.... because...
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Sure thing..
dialog: 29
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 27.
text: He claps his hands simply and quickly, the lights come on.
text: Lisa shields her eyes and yelps..-
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You clap your hands to pring on the
dialog: lights the minute we finish?i?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Why? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Clapping your hands and those dumb
dialog: lights makes me feel like.....----
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Wait no..don‘t tell me...I think I
dialog: get it. Like I’m not thinking about
dialog: you .. Sorry. What should I do?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Turn them off.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You wanna turn them off yourself?
dialog: (holding programmer)
dialog: It's kind of..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Grow up.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: No...
text: She swats him..the lights go off.
speaker_heading: MATTY’S VOICE
dialog: It is a little fun to do, isn’t it?
text: She laughs despite herself. Matty, pleased that he has
text: disarmed her, presses the point, broadly reading her mind.
scene_heading: INT. TERRY‘S APT. - NIGHT 29
text: Terry is sitting at her work space.. looking uncomfortable.
text: George is sitting -- working his phone and his psyche.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 28.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (as he dials)
dialog: Hi. This is George. Is he there?
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: He still hasn’t checked in?!? Well,
dialog: tell him I need to talk to
dialog: him. .thank you..have a good day.
dialog: (after hanging up)
dialog: Where is everybody? Anyway, the
dialog: basics are all in my favor.. I
dialog: wrote them down.
dialog: (reading from list)
dialog: One..I didn’t do anything. One “b’-
dialog: I don’t agree with my father.. The
dialog: legal system, though overloaded, is
dialog: about finding the truth. Two...”
dialog: You haven't said a word..
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I'm sorry..just thinking.
text: A beat as she gnaws at her lip..glances at him then away. He
text: tries another speed dial.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hi, is Bryant there yet? This is
dialog: George. I need to speak with
dialog: him..reach him as soon as you can.
dialog: (then to Terry)
dialog: Well tell me. You must have some
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I have one. I’m just not proud of
dialog: it. It’s just me being analytical.
dialog: (realizing she must offer
dialog: more)
dialog: I was thinking of my work and how
dialog: weak gravity is ...
dialog: (on his confused reaction)
dialog: Let me explain the thought.. We
dialog: build these elaborate machines-
text: these giant colliders to amplify
dialog: gravity just to get something
dialog: measurable.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: IsitmeorisitherIbetitsme.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 29.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (making her point)
dialog: while you were talking, I related
dialog: the weakness of gravity to your
dialog: capacity for feeling good right now
dialog: and how I would fail if I tried to
dialog: be one of those machines for you.
dialog: Using all my energy to produce a
dialog: drop of well being in you. That‘s
dialog: what I thought.
text: George doesn’t follow at all.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Since I'd really like to understand
dialog: what you just said, could you do me
dialog: a favor and talk down to me?
text: She smiles, truly enjoying his remark, takes a breath
text: (something like an athlete getting ready for exertion) and
text: then whispers a final intimacy to him before concluding.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: This is for us. I swear it.
text: She kneels before his chair, looking up at him. Okay, maybe
text: that’s not love light in her eyes but it sure contains some
dialog: kindness and affection as it get to the core truth.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: We are not well matched for this
dialog: interval in your life. Not with me
dialog: against this deadline. And you --
dialog: being investigated. We would not
dialog: survive. I don’t want our
dialog: relationship to become cannon
dialog: fodder for this apparition in your
dialog: working life. I’1l be there for you
dialog: at the end. You can count on that.
text: George has to maneuver past some disbelief before he gets it.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You want to split up until I’m
dialog: problem free..?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You're breaking up .--
dialog: 30
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 30.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (correcting him)
text: _..Hitting the pause button..Us on
dialog: hold so we don’t waste precious
dialog: energies on...stuff. You think I'm
dialog: being horrible. I think I’m being
dialog: smart..for us.
text: George has an adrenaline rush which cracks his
text: composure. .maybe even a slight stutter as he says:
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Okay. Just explain to me. .Would you
dialog: mind telling me.. ‘cause this part
dialog: seems to be bothering the hell out
dialog: of me..how can you be so perfectly
dialog: composed right now?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: No, you're misreading me. I’m
dialog: rattled.
dialog: (on his reaction)
dialog: Yes..This is me rattled.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Well, I disagree.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: I think I’m the best source for my
dialog: own feelings.
text: Calmly, studiously even, George goes to her desk and grabs
text: HER DATA PORT from the computer...she screams and shouts as a
dialog: mother would for an endangered child..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: THAT is you rattled!
text: He puts the port on her desk and exits. She calls after him.
speaker_heading: . TERRY
dialog: Cheap parlor trick. I mean it! riz
dialog: be here at the end. I do love you.
text: He exits.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT 30
text: George, barrelling down the stairs and then, quite suddenly,
text: he stops - stark still and shouts to the heavens. (alt.
dialog: sudden quiet realization. -)
dialog: 
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 31.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I have terrible taste in women.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 31
text: A decorated upscale apartment . George just sitting there,
text: propelled by a gust of anxiety, he goes to the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: OTHER ANGLE
text: As he makes himself a Bloody Mary: vodka, mix, tabasco, and,
dialog: since we're civilized here, 4 stalk of celery in glass..
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 32
scene_heading: TIME PASSAGE. .FOCUSING ON THE DRINK
text: We note the time passage by watching the celery stalk wither
text: from the frequent sprayings of alcohol, mix and tabasco, then
text: the last of the mix -- then straight vodka and celery stalk
dialog: alone at last..
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 33
speaker_heading: ON GEORGE
text: He is looped. It helps his perspective. ..He is even able to
dialog: go for another round with his phone.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hi, this is George. .you still
dialog: haven't gotten back to me...
dialog: (new number)
dialog: Hi, George..I've left four messages
dialog: with you which said they were
dialog: “urgent”..and you know I tend to
dialog: underplay, so I can’t understand
dialog: your failure to call back.
dialog: (new number and horrible
dialog: imitation of a game host)
dialog: “Hi, George here..you may have just
dialog: won thousands of dollars” - will
dialog: you call back now..
dialog: (he cracks up)
dialog: You still haven’t lost your sense
dialog: of humor, have you, pal?
text: He hangs up. Stillness then the phone rings. He does a broad,
text: “things are looking up take” then answers.
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hello..
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE’S APT/INT. GEORGE'S APT: INTERCUT - NIGHT
text: annie is wearing jammies.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hi, Boss..How you doing? It’s not
dialog: too late?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No, fine and thanks for the call.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I can’t sleep. I don’t know what
dialog: got into me this morning..I never
dialog: took a swat at anyone but..well, I
dialog: do know. I’m almost seven months
dialog: pregnant and I’m sure it's a girl
dialog: because it’s this hormonal mushroom
dialog: cloud inside me.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hey, you're pregnant?. .So
dialog: good. .huh? That guy who picks you
dialog: up sometimes. .Al?..
dialog: (a little emotional)
text: He lights up every time he sees
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah..we really..thanks.. He's
dialog: great but out of work and we've
dialog: just been marathon worrying, so I'm
dialog: hot me lately.. so this morning
dialog: when your father...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Don’t worry about it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did you tell Terry about what
dialog: happened to you?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I’a@ rather not go into that.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: She bailed? She is such a cun...
dialog: What's wrong with me? I never said
dialog: that word in my life. I’m nuts.
dialog: 32.
dialog: 34
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 33.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Well, to be honest..I appreciate
dialog: the sentiment.
text: They have a small, self-conscious laugh together. .hers marked
text: by abiding affection which leads quickly to a misstep.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You're a great boss. You go call
dialog: another girl...forward motion;
dialog: distract yourself. .they can’t stop
dialog: outside girls from talking to you.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Is that it? They're directing
dialog: people not to talk to me?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: _..the lawyers had me sign a
dialog: confidentiality statement where I'm
dialog: liable financially if I..and with
dialog: this new gituation...Oh, the hell
dialog: with everything -- what do you want
dialog: to know? So I lose a job -- wait
dialog: no, I can’t... the medical would
dialog: lapse.. and I’ve got to take care
dialog: of my baby..Al hasn’t proposed yet
dialog: and even if he does we can't afford
dialog: to..
text: She starts to cry.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You will not lose your job. I
dialog: promise.. that is not going to
dialog: happen. Don't tell me anything.
dialog: Good night, Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Good night boss. I’m just dying for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (what does he do with that
dialog: . one)
dialog: Well..I.. thanks.
text: He hangs up.-now too drunk to be scared he does something
text: approximating thinking....then goes to “calls dialed” on his
text: cell..find's Lisa’s name and hits the button. We HEAR HER
speaker_heading: ANSWER.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 34.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hello..
dialog: (checks name he dialed)
dialog: Lisa....George...-- George Madison.
dialog: Well, I’m not sure how to identify
dialog: myself further.
scene_heading: 35 INT. BUS/INT. GEORGE'S APARTMENT: INTERCUT - NIGHT 35
text: Lisa on her phone on the way home. She is wearing one of
text: Matty’s sweat shirts. The following is INTERCUT.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: your voice sounds a little
dialog: familiar.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I made this incredibly stupid phone
dialog: call to you a couple of days ago?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh, sure..How you doing, George?
speaker_heading: . GEORGE
dialog: Sorry to be calling so late. Not
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It's okay. What's up?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Would you have dinner with me?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: But aren't you..?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No, no..I/m not,.No...I am not. I
dialog: was mistaken to think that. It
dialog: seems very clear that I am not. You
dialog: see...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You don’t have to explain. We can
dialog: have a meal. When?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Anytime.
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 35.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, tomorrow's clear. Yeah,
dialog: okay..I can find it..I‘1ll meet you
dialog: there. But it has to be early..
dialog: 6:00. I'm in training.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Okay..It's a date.
dialog: (pleased with himself)
dialog: I made a date. Goodnight.
text: He hangs up, leaving Lisa to react.
scene_heading: INT. LISA'S APT. - MORNING 36
text: She is fast asleep on her pull-out sofa as she is awakened by
text: a phone ringing in the b.g...She has slept 50 fitfully that
text: it takes her a bit of time to free herself from the sheets
text: and blankets; which she does with great energy..by the time
text: she gets to her cell phone, which is attached to its charger,
text: it has stopped...She looks at the name of the person who has
text: called, "Sally." She clenches..She goes to her computer and
text: starts it...under her e-mail is an unopened correspondence
dialog: from “The United States Softball Federation... Subject: U.S.A
text: NATIONAL TEAM ROSTER.” She goes for the moment of clicking it
text: open, almost as a weight lifter summoning all strength for
text: the lift..but, at the last minute, foreboding stops her cold
text: and she doesn’t hit the key- The phone rings again. .in
text: retreat from the decisive event of her life she exits to:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MORNING 37
text: She takes a toothbrush and starts to cry so suddenly that it
text: comes as a shock to her...she begins to vigorously brush her
text: teeth, ali the while the phone ringing in the bg. .stopping
text: and ringing again..a great many people are calling her. She
text: looks in the mirror giving herself a ferocious, get a grip,
text: look. She exhales with power and reenters the living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MORNING 38
text: She sits down and writes a note to herself. It steadies her.
text: She picks up the phone. Scrolls past the names of the
text: teammates who have called her.. .She shuts off her phone --
text: and with enormous suddenness hits the computer key and
dialog: engages the document and whatever it states..
speaker_heading: LISA AND THE ROSTER
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 36.
dialog: It takes considerably longer to catch on when your name isn’t
text: there than when it is. _And her’s is nowhere to be found. Her
text: gaze pauses over the name Cam Austin, 2nd base. There is no
dialog: way to exaggerate the scale and heft of this trauma. Even the
text: word “rape” is no exaggeration - a sudden and perverted
dialog: intimacy with the core of your identity. So the moment is
text: odd... out of body..She goes to the phone..hits a speed dial.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Daddy? Hey. I just hate to have to’
dialog: tell you this..They took Cam over
dialog: me. No..I‘m sure. They did. I have
dialog: really double checked. .trust me.
dialog: (life long habits have her
dialog: respond to his urging
dialog: despite her own feelings)
dialog: Okay, Once eka):
text: And so she looks at the list again. She is starting to feel
dialog: the upset of it all --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, it still isn’t there..well, I
dialog: don't think it makes sense either
dialog: put they made their choice. No, I
dialog: don’t want to get mad. That‘’s not
dialog: going to help. Daddy, I called
dialog: because you had to hear it from me
dialog: and to ask that you do me a favor
dialog: and not get too ----
dialog: (tries to find the word
dialog: and when she does it’s a
dialog: tough one)
dialog: “Sad” ..over this. .sure. .Okay..maybe
dialog: I'm a little angry. .-maybe.
dialog: (a dutiful daughter she is
dialog: beginning to feel rage)
dialog: Because I want to take this in
dialog: without being a jerk about it. Can
dialog: we please drop it? PLEASE!! I don't
dialog: want to be angry right now.
text: She throws the phone suddenly and violently across the room
text: where it shatters something.. A beat. .she walks over and
text: picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT’D)
dialog: Daddy? Yeah, hi. .the phone slipped.
dialog: Look, .would you mind if I got off
dialog: now..just don’t be sad..I don’t
dialog: know what I’m going to do..I have a
dialog: goal Treat it like an injury...
dialog: (reads from her note)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 37.
speaker_heading: LISA(cont 'd)
dialog: “Which requires more toughness than
dialog: the game itself and is the ultimate
dialog: test of character.” Love you.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE'S OFFICE BUILDING - DAY 39
text: About to enter. His father intercepts him.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I needed to catch you before you
dialog: went in. I was with the board all
dialog: night. I almost quit..but they said
dialog: that would make things worse. They
dialog: have cut you loose. You have to
dialog: lawyer up immediately.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: We don’t have to do this on the
dialog: street. Let‘s go to my office
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: There is no office.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE’S OFFICE BUILD. - OUTSIDE GEORGE’S OFFICE - DAWO
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DOOR LOCK
text: As a locksmith punches it out leaving a neat hole and takes
text: out the new lock he is about to install. George looks on with
text: four security officers and Ron, the company lawyer.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Your copies of the subpoenoed
dialog: documents requests are filed
dialog: meanwhile you can only remove
dialog: absolutely personal items not paid
dialog: for in full or part by the company
dialog: or having any connection to the....
dialog: (on George's look)
dialog: I'm not the bad guy, George.
text: George, standing with a large cardboard box, looks over his
text: desk for anything fitting the lawyer's description. Finally
text: he takes from atop his desk a BARTENDER'S GUIDE, a ZAGAT'S
text: GUIDE and a CAN OF PLAY DOH.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I didn’t do anything.
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 38.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That may help your chances a
dialog: little.
text: George takes this in and exits to the outer offices.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE'S OFFICE BLDG. - OUTER OFFICES - DAY 41
text: Annie sits at the first desk -- but the outer office is a
text: large one with many desks stretching out as far as we can
text: see. Annie takes one look at George and stands at her desk
text: where she calls out.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hip...hip..
text: Absolute silence. .Finally Annie stares down one very young
text: intern so that he says, “Hooray” faintly and with great
dialog: uncertainty. .
scene_heading: INT. LISA'S APT. BLDG. - STAIRWELL - DAY 42
text: As Sally walks the stairs to a distant sound which becomes
text: clear as women crying. .As Sally opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. LISA'S APARTMENT - DAY 43
speaker_heading: SALLY'S POV
text: Lisa surrounded by teammates who are stricken in her behalf.
text: very much like a funeral with weeping of all sorts as Sally
text: works her way to Lisa, who is gamely trying to improve the
dialog: atmosphere.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: A little grip, okay?
text: She spots Sally and gestures her helplessness.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Worst decision he ever made. I hate
dialog: the creep.
text: They hug.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: How come you called everyone but me
dialog: to come over?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 39.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I didn’t call anyone. .They came
dialog: down from Jersey on their own. Who
dialog: would want this?
text: A particularly emotional power hitter grabs Lisa.
scene_heading: PARTICULARLY EMOTIONAL GIRL
dialog: We're not a team without you and
dialog: everyone knows it. He just wanted
dialog: Cam because she plays for his
dialog: school..we should protest and I
dialog: don’t care that it wouldn’t do any
dialog: good..a futile act which may do
dialog: nothing but destroy all our careers
dialog: could be just the thing we need to
dialog: bring us together.
text: Lisa disengages herself and immediately sees...
speaker_heading: LISA'S POV
text: Three of her teammates on the sofa locking at her with
text: extremely intense empathy.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (broadly sharp. .joking)
dialog: Stop staring at me!?!
text: There is a knock at the door...someone nearby opens it...an
text: exquisitely beautiful female athlete of 18 enters. There is
text: an immediate effect...the room stills creating the aura of
text: hostility..Lisa, however, feels differently.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Aw, Cam, honey..you didn’t have to
dialog: come.
text: She almost runs to her..As Lisa hugs her, there is the
text: following whispered, intimate conversation between them:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: But really something that you
dialog: did. .congratulations.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You‘re so much better than me.
text: One girl on the sofa turns to her seatmate.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What'd she say? What‘’d she say?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 40.
speaker_heading: SEATMATE
dialog: They don’t want us to hear.
text: BACK TO LISA AND CAM.
dialog: Still hushed intimacies. .-
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: He just picked me because I‘m on
dialog: his college team.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Nope. Don't you buy into that
dialog: one...he gets three positions with
dialog: you which allows him more room to
dialog: coach..and you are young, baby. .
dialog: That counted for me when I
dialog: started..let it count for you..
dialog: (turns to room)
dialog: Hey everyone, how about Cam coming
dialog: here...
dialog: (shouts and whistles)
dialog: Cam...Cam...Cam..
text: Reluctantly and half heartedly others join the chant,
text: gathering steam, making Cam feel more welcomed than
text: outcast. .Lisa has stepped back and finds herself next to
dialog: Sally.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: The way you're acting gives class a
dialog: bad name..
text: Lisa puts her arm around the older woman. .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You know you're allowed to cry-
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I just wish everyone would stop
dialog: giving me instructions on how I
dialog: should handle this..I gotta go-
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No you don’t -
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yes I do. I have a blind date.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What are you talking about? We're
dialog: here to take care of you. This was
dialog: prutal. Stop acting tough.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 41.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Look at the time. Hey, everyone...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (a reprimand)
dialog: Lisal
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: IT have to leave. I have a date.
text: Everyone is bemused. .Lisa has grabbed her purse. - .does some
text: trick with her clothes to look more datey. And then, out of
text: respect for her teammates, she stops working so hard at false
text: energy and faces them for an open moment.
dialog: Thanks cor HR), everyone...
dialog: But the need to go out like a champion is complex. ..so she
text: says some words (albeit broadly) joking the heaviness of the
dialog: absolute key fact..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (broadly)
dialog: I leoooove you all.
dialog: And then, because she is a champion, she gets real and says
dialog: it simple and true.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I do.
text: various teammates ad lib similar sentiments...including Riva,
dialog: (the girl who fixed Lisa up.)
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: What can we do for you?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh, please. .I've been through a lot
dialog: worse, .when they dropped softball
dialog: from the Olympics, when we lost the
dialog: Gold to Japan ..it’s not about me.
dialog: (on their reaction)
dialog: Okay...there’s one thing..
dialog: (enormously self-
dialog: conscious)
dialog: When I come to the training camp
dialog: while you guys are getting
dialog: ready...please don’t feel funny
dialog: talking to me..don’t feel......
dialog: (finds the word)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 44
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 42.
speaker_heading: LISA (cont 'd)
dialog: _.gad for me..my biggest fear is
dialog: that you won’t be yourselves around
dialog: me. .because I've seen that happen
dialog: and if that happened with me it
dialog: would mean I didn’t really know you
dialog: anymore. .and I want to..need to..
dialog: (feeling awkward. .changing
dialog: the mood)
dialog: Say, ‘okay Lisa.”
text: Though some chorus “okay, Lisa” granting her the light
dialog: moment..there are other ad libbed words of earnest and
dialog: serious support.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Gotta run.. love you.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE’S APT. ottGthte - DAY 44
text: George exits..dressed differently for the evening. As he
text: starts down the street he is stopped by:
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (calling)
dialog: George.
text: He moves to his son’s side.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Can we go someplace?
text: George is having a hard time breathing though he is working
dialog: to conceal that fact more from himself than others.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I‘m late now.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It's urgent. I was afraid to use
dialog: the phone..
text: George continues to drift in the direction he was
text: heading...his father following.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Because?..No, you know something -
dialog: don’t tell me right now. I figured
dialog: out how to handle everything. .
dialog: (with some pride and
dialog: excitement equalling
dialog: hope)
dialog: I’m going to treat myself like a
dialog: company in trouble.
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 43.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont 'd)
dialog: Depersonalize everything, use what
dialog: I learned in business school..
dialog: start with absolute basics.. First
dialog: step, identify the problem. For
dialog: example, I‘/m aware I’m talking too
dialog: fast right now but, as yet, I don’t
dialog: have the solution to that
dialog: problem. .but what's my take-away in
dialog: the meantime?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I think you're just indulging a lot
dialog: of neurosis.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Business textbook..you start taking
dialog: on too much before you're ready and
dialog: the game becomes how much you can
dialog: handle instead of how well you
dialog: handle it. That applies right now.
text: George is backing up pretty quickly now.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You don’t have the luxury of not
dialog: hearing this.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Are you going to make me literally
dialog: run from bad news?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: The Board has...
dialog: But George has broken into a run...pretty good one too..
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: I'm very disappointed in our
dialog: interaction here..very!
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
text: George fleeing his father who has stopped in his tracks
text: pefore going off in the opposite direction. .
speaker_heading: ON GEORGE
text: As he breaks into a walk. .smooths himself. .looks around self-
text: consciously to other pedestrians. .they clearly see him as
dialog: weird. Maybe they're right. :
dialog: ————
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 44.
scene_heading: EXT, WIDE SHOT - OTHER CITY STREET - LISA 45
text: She is heading, as well, toward the rendezvous. .She looks
dialog: especially pretty.- “the stride powerful, graceful.. .the face
text: soft..CAMERA BEGINS TO MOVE TO..
speaker_heading: OTHER ANGLE
text: Now following Lisa from behind..and, after a beat, we begin
text: to notice people looking at Lisa before the camera moves past
text: them. .and now as she turns toward us to cross the street..we
text: gee that some tears are flowing down her face..then her jaw
text: sets with resolve..she flicks the tears away..and continues. .
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY 46
text: Lisa enters and approaches the Maitre’d
speaker_heading: MAITRE‘D
dialog: Name please?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (helplessly)
dialog: I'm meeting George. .weimmm
speaker_heading: MAITRE’D
dialog: Madison?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I’m not sure..
speaker_heading: MAITRE’D
dialog: Could that be him?
text: He points to the restaurant floor below.
scene_heading: THEIR POV - ELEVATED SHOT
text: George slumped at a table his head in both hands in abject
dialog: worry.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'll bet that is him..I’m having
dialog: that sort of day.
text: The maitre’d starts off to lead her to the table. .she makes a
text: gesture to stop him, not sure she wants to go through with
text: the evening...then the maitre’d turns toward her, leaving no
text: choice. She crosses to the table.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 45.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: George? Are you George? I'm Lisa..
text: He stands up.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: It's nice of you to join me.
text: small thing: he takes half a step to help her with her chair
text: and she is already in it.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: So, how ya doing?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: How are you doing?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'm great.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Well, treasure it.
text: His head goes into his hand again.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Sorry..I wasn’t even aware.. T have
dialog: to apologize this might not be a
dialog: great first impression. I’ve had a
dialog: really...
dialog: (small laugh)
dialog: “unusual” 24 hours.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: {not wanting to get into
dialog: it)
dialog: Okay. Don’t worry about it. Is this
dialog: an Italian restaurant?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes.. A really good one.
dialog: 29..26..30.
dialog: {seeing her confusion)
dialog: The Zagats rating.
dialog: (seeing her confusion)
dialog: Let’s get some drinks.
text: He gestures for the waiter.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 46.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Not for me.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I probably shouldn't have anything
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, don’t let me..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. Drinking too much two nights in
dialog: a row could be a real mistake.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (now REALLY not wanting to
dialog: draw him out)
dialog: Uh-huh. I have not eaten since
dialog: lunch yesterday. .
text: She picks up the menu.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: you don’t drink at all?
dialog: \
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I follow my father’s rule on
dialog: drinking.
dialog: (to waiter)
dialog: Could I start out with one of those
dialog: little pizzas and, oh look at that,
dialog: you have spaghetti and meat balls..
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Kobe beef meatballs..it’s a
dialog: signature dish.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (cheering)
dialog: Outstanding!
dialog: (a glance at George who
dialog: seems to have momentarily
text: plunged into an emotional
dialog: abyss)
dialog: Plenty of garlic, please..and that
text: tomate and onion salad.
text: The waiter looks at George -- who cannot focus on ordering.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Oh..I/11..wait.
dialog: (to Lisa)
dialog: Which is?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 47.
text: She doesn’t know what he’s talking about.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Your father’s rule on drinking?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Never drink to feel better. Only
dialog: drink to feel EVEN better.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Pretty great.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Yeah, it's a good one.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: But you know sometimes one drink
dialog: can give you a better perspective.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, I don't think so but maybe it
dialog: depends on the person. Look, have a
dialog: drink if you want.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: f wasn’t looking for permission. If
dialog: I want to drink I know I can
dialog: just...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (an exclamation)
dialog: Jesus! You know I don’t know you.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (getting it)
dialog: Yeah. .I’m not good tonight. I’m
dialog: sorry. If you want I can explain
dialog: it. Maybe it’s good to talk about
dialog: it. I haven't really done that yet.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (like a shot over him)
dialog: No! I don’t think that’s a good
dialog: idea. Maybe what you need..I know I
dialog: do..is to somehow take the strain
dialog: out of this dinner. When you feel
dialog: yourself trying too hard at
dialog: something that should be simple you
dialog: know you're in trouble. You have to
dialog: wait till it’s natural.
dialog: 47
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 48.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: yes. Yes. Yes. Exactly..
text: He starts to vigorously rub his forehead.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'm just trying to figure out.. Is
dialog: everything you say that smart or
dialog: am I that desperate?
text: Her pizza comes.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, I’ve had a lifetime of great
dialog: coaches..
dialog: Even that small thought about her athletic life gives her a
text: flash of the creeps. She takes a quick cleansing breath.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: So what I'm suggesting is that we
dialog: eat. Order something yourself
dialog: which, all by itself,will make me
dialog: more comfortable, and that we don’t
dialog: work at conversation. We cut
dialog: ourselves a break here and give
dialog: ourselves permission to be
dialog: quiet...for the whole
text: dinner. ..completely quiet.
text: He takes this in for a beat then:
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Can I talk to the waiter?
text: George indicates he’s kidding, she smiles pack half-
text: heartedly.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: As long as you don’t tell him about
dialog: your day.
text: He laughs..For a few seconds anyway he has enjoyed life.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY 47
scene_heading: SMALL MONTAGE. .
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 4g.
text: The two of them silently eating..every once in a while
text: catching each other’s awareness and making a gesture to
text: disengage that contact with a smile or little wave. But make
text: no mistake, even though one person is eating while the other
text: falls in love...there is no flirtation or charming subtext
text: going on. There is no subtext when two people are in this
dialog: kind of trouble, so Lisa’s rules suit them both for this hour
dialog: of their lives..hell, it may even be some solution to dating
dialog: in general, where someone warms your space while you are knee
dialog: deep in your own troubled thoughts; it may be some flawed kin
text: of early intimacy, though Lisa becomes so lost in her own
text: thoughts that she almost forgets George is there.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - TWILIGHT (REMEMBER THEY ATE EARLY) 48
text: They each take a breath about to go back to their lives.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Thanks. In a strange way it was
dialog: relaxing.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yeah. This could have been the
dialog: worst and it wasn’t. Thanks for
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Thanks too. It feels great meeting
dialog: you.
text: Dittle nods. She pats his arm or some such and walks off. He
text: digs hands in pockets and walks in the other direction.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT - GEORGE WALKING 49
text: Passing a really good hotel George makes a sudden decision
text: and enters.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT 50
text: George moves to a lobby sofa and hits a button on his phone.
speaker_heading: MECHANINCAL VOICE
dialog: Say a command.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Father.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 50.
scene_heading: EXT. MATTY'S APARTMENT BLDG. - NIGHT 51
text: Charles, well dressed, is leaving the building. The same
text: doorman greets him. We thereby know Charles and Matty live in
dialog: the same apartment building.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Madison. Taxi?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Thanks, Tom..
text: They stand curbside as Charles’ cell phone rings. He answers.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY LOBBY - NIGHT 52
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Okay, Dad. I’m ready. What
dialog: happened?
scene_heading: EXT.MATTY&CHARLES APT BLDG/ INT . LUXURY LOBBY : INTERCUT -NIGHT 53
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I'm just leaving my place to go to
dialog: dinner. What if I come by your
dialog: place later - the phone isn't...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Just tell me. I’d rather use the
dialog: rest of the night processing the
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (to doorman)
dialog: I’m sorry..this is private.
text: The doorman is puzzled...usually his spot is in front of the
text: door...but he moves off. The coast is clear.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: The board, under extraordinary,
dialog: let 's-get-drunk-and-fuck-the-
dialog: constitution pressure from the
dialog: government, is refusing to pay your
dialog: legal bills. Do you have a million
dialog: dollars?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: 55
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 51.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Then you have to let me help. Do
dialog: you hear me, you have to!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I sure do...
text: Charlies is taken aback.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Well, start your processing..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I think I just met a GREAT girl..
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: As you pointed out, you can’t trust
dialog: your emotions right now.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Ah, Dad.
scene_heading: INT. LISA’S APT. BLDG. - STAIRWELL - NIGHT 54
text: As Lisa decides there will be no stair nopping tonight. She
text: moves slowly up the stairs to her apartment..then catches
text: herself wearing her oppression physically and picks up the
dialog: pace a bit.
scene_heading: INT. LISA‘S APARTMENT - NIGHT 55
text: She arrives at her door and opens it. Sally looks up..Then
text: Lisa spote something which alarms all her senses.
speaker_heading: LISA'S POV
text: On the computer table is a bouquet of flowers and 20 little
text: handwritten notes stuck to the side of the table..little
text: drawings on some of them, some in color.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: The girls needed to tell you how
dialog: they felt. Something, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: The last time I saw anything like
text: this is when a kid in another high
dialog: school died and they left this
text: stuff at the scene of the accident.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 52.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No. Don’t do the negative take!
dialog: Pull out the positive.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (this actually helps her)
dialog: Yeah. Okay. They care. They respect
dialog: what I’ve done. The flowers are
dialog: pretty. .good...thanks..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Come on - head up. Do the right
dialog: body language and the spirit might
dialog: follow. .How about some straight
dialog: talk?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Sally...right now...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Right now you have taken the blow
dialog: of your life. Very few people take
dialog: a hit like this at your age where
dialog: the thing they love most, that they
dialog: have given every possible moment to
dialog: from very early childhood, that
dialog: contains all the identity they ever
dialog: had or needed is suddenly gone..I’m
dialog: very sensitive to what you’re going
dialog: through. .
text: Sally's straight talk, usually balm for her fighting spirit,
text: is experienced by Lisa as daggers to the heart..she reacts
text: with tight horror to hearing the truth said out loud.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: I have been through this myself and
dialog: with others. So we’re going to have
dialog: a little pajama party where you get
dialog: to talk it all out..this is a
dialog: fragile time. When it happened to
dialog: me I was lucky enough to have
dialog: someone with the sensitivity to
dialog: help me deal with this. Do you know
dialog: what you need most right now?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: what?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 53.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Insensitivity. .
scene_heading: 56 INT. MATTY'S APT. FRONT DOOR - CLOSE ON MATTY - NIGHT 56
text: He is scrolling through some text messages. There is an
text: urgent knock at the door.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Lisa!
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (a beat then sincerely)
dialog: Could you narrow it down?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No kidding right now.
text: He realizes it's her and quickly opens the door.
speaker_heading: ~~ LISA
dialog: You're alone, right?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yeah. I was just working up the
dialog: night .
speaker_heading: \ LISA
dialog: You want me to be here?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: ! Yes, I do.
speaker_heading: ' LISA
dialog: ' Ok. This is what I need. If in the
dialog: middle of the night I start erying
dialog: or shaking or get enormously upset
dialog: , 1 don't want you asking, “what's
dialog: wrong?” I want you to just ignore
dialog: it. Is that okay with you?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Actually, it’s my preference.
text: And so she can finally relax. As they walk toward the bedroom
text: Matty repeats his budding conviction.
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 54.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You may be my dream girl.
scene_heading: INT. LARGE OFFICE BUILDING - DAY 57
text: To show George and his dad walking past a massive directory --
dialog: ALL law offices. Something a bit surreai in this shot..
text: indicating George has entered a process.
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE RECEPTION ROOM - DAY 58
text: A tall grey haired man, TOWER ENDMAN, enters with his hand
dialog: extended..very expensive suit.
speaker_heading: TOWER
dialog: Hi. I'm Tower Endman. Hello,
dialog: Charles.
speaker_heading: CHARLES:
dialog: This is my son, George. Good to be
dialog: in your hands.
speaker_heading: TOWER
dialog: That's my favorite compliment.
dialog: Thank you. Why don’t you two come
dialog: in?
text: Charles starts to get up. George is thrown..the other two
text: walk several paces away so that George has to raise his voice
dialog: to be heard.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I think I should do this on my own.
text: Tower nods. Charles nonplussed as the other two move off.
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE - TOWER’S OFFICE - DAY 59
dialog: Pictures of Tower with Presidents, etc...
speaker_heading: TOWER
dialog: There's a change of venue I’m
dialog: involved in so, no promises
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Boythisdoesn’ tfeelgood.
text: Tower doesn't notice as he rolls along.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 55.
speaker_heading: TOWER
dialog: But I think I can maneuver the
dialog: trial date so I can take your case.
dialog: First there's a little talk I have
dialog: to give so you'll understand my
dialog: requirements as to..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Excuse me. I did the due diligence
dialog: on you and there were just a few
dialog: facts not listed. Would it be okay
dialog: if I asked a few questions?
text: Tower, though uncomfortable losing absolute control, nods.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What was your class standing in law
dialog: school, as an undergraduate and
dialog: then again for the bar exam?
speaker_heading: TOWER
dialog: (disbelief)
dialog: You want to know how I did in
dialog: college?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes. Please. I have everything from
dialog: the time you were a U.S. Attorney
dialog: on but not those.
speaker_heading: TOWER
dialog: That's an inane question.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I don’t think so. I mean this is
dialog: the most important hire of my
dialog: career so naturally...
speaker_heading: TOWER
dialog: (insulted/diminished/
dialog: defensive)
dialog: Hire?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (honestly)
dialog: I’m just trying to be thorough. I
dialog: mean, really, don’t I have to find
dialog: out if your pomposity is justified?
speaker_heading: TOWER
dialog: I don't wish to be your lawyer.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09
scene_heading: 60 INT. LAW OFFICE - WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: His father caught off guard at how quickly George has
text: arrived. As they walk to the elevator bank.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: He’s not right.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: ! He was the U.S. Attorney in
text: Baltimore. He is connected.
text: } The elevator arrives.
scene_heading: 61 INT. LAW OFFICE - ELEVATOR - DAY
text: There are seven or so men and women on board all evidently
dialog: lawyers.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Don’t I get a little say in the
dialog: choice when I'm willing to pay
dialog: anything.
text: This stops all the laywer’s conversation.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You were going to “help” not
dialog: pay..and is it right for a lawyer
dialog: to interview a potential defendant
dialog: and allow you, someone else
dialog: involved in the issues, to be
dialog: present at the first interview?
dialog: 56.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
text: The other lawyers - some nod “no”..some mumble “no” One older
text: lawyer reacts viscerally and shouts it.
speaker_heading: OLDER LAWYER
speaker_heading: SHIT NO!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Are you a litigator?
speaker_heading: OLDER LAWYER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Can we get together sometime?
scene_heading: “ss OLDER LAWYER
dialog: Would now do?
dialog: 62
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 57.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: No.
text: The door opens and George and the lawyer each step
text: out..leaving Charles inside. The doors close.
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE - DYLAN LAURIE’S OFFICE - DAY 62
text: This is the law office of DYLAN LAURIE (the older lawyer.}
dialog: Dylan is Irish... Juries and people in general love him.
dialog: I recall ete Vas only one “B” and
dialog: that had to do with being drunk in
dialog: class.
dialog: (George likes the answer)
dialog: I have an important question of my
dialog: own.
text: George treats his answer to the obvious unstated question as
dialog: if it were an oath uttered to Saint Peter.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I did nothing to exaggerate
dialog: earnings. To my knowledge, I did
dialog: not engage in any wrongdoings
dialog: involving payouts to falsify
dialog: income..nor anything else illegal
dialog: or even questionable.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: No not that...Can you afford me?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: The firm refuses to pay legal bills
dialog: But my father is willing to help.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You can't take money from your
dialog: father because of his position on
dialog: the board. It would look terrible.
text: This is a blow..though George attempts to cover it.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Oh..That makes sense. But the
dialog: company has frozen my options and
text: the stock itself has broken down..
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 58.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont 'd)
dialog: so my net worth is... What would
dialog: the amount of your retainer be...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Well, young man, unfortunately we
dialog: stand at the gates of hell’s toll
dialog: booth. Three hundred thousand as a
dialog: retainer and another three in
dialog: escrow in the event the government
text: heads toward trial.
speaker_heading: ' GEORGE
dialog: I'm afraid I only have a bit more
dialog: than 80 thousand liquid.
text: They look at each other for many peats..Finally...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: This is not a silence T break.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Alright. Maybe I can sell...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (with genuine sympathy)
dialog: Everything you can.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (accepting his fate)
dialog: Alright.
scene_heading: 63 EXT, RUNNING AREA - NATIONAL MALL - DAY 63
text: Lisa and Riva racing..with two other girls..Lisa wins by a
dialog: discernible gap. .Riva gecond..the win, though, has taken it’s
text: toll on Lisa...she is breathing heavily....she is furious
text: about something but cannot speak yet...she glares at Riva.
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You let me win!!
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: I did not.
text: Lisa actually advances pugnaciously on Riva while the others
dialog: the others seek to cool things..ie.."Hey, guys. -come
dialog: on. .nothing’s wrong..”
dialog: 64
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 s9.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (in Riva's face)
dialog: The one thing I ask is don’t treat
dialog: me differently and you do this..
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: (firmly and loudly)
dialog: Hey, I did not!!!
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I’m not faster than you. .how could
dialog: I win if you didn’t hold
dialog: back. .you’re always point four
dialog: better..point four petter..always,
dialog: always...
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: I don't know. Maybe just because
dialog: this is just practice. I guess this
dialog: meant more to you.
text: The ring of truth is unmistakable. Lisa knows exactly what
dialog: she has just done and it is without precedent. She says her
text: sin aloud, almost unconsciously...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I embarrassed myself..
dialog: (then to Riva)
dialog: Sorry..So sorry, hon. Really..
text: A helpless gesture as she begins to walk away..The others
dialog: jhave seen her only as a champion of great class; so they find
text: her confession heart preaking..they go after her..she tries
text: to wave them off but they hang in..embracing Lisa as they
text: walk away from camera.
scene_heading: EXT. PARTY TERRACE - DRIZZLY NIGHT 64
text: Lisa, dressed for a night out, stands alone, underneath an
text: awning steadily beating with rain, as a large party takes
text: place inside. She looks sad, isolated and introspective. .all
text: brand new elements in her life. Behind her we see...
speaker_heading: THE PARTY
text: There are about 15 of Matty’s teammates here with their gals
dialog: and would be gals; all of the players making well over a
text: million dollars a year. Matty ig on the food line. The player
text: next to him has his hand underneath his girl's shirt and is
text: rubbing her breast. She is turned on and rubs his crotch
text: some. Impressively they manage to continue loading their
dialog: plates.
dialog: 65
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 60.
text: Matty considers this poor manners. He catches Lisa‘s eye as
text: she turns his way and forces the player to stop groping the
text: girl. The indignant player puts his hand back on her breast.
text: Matty takes it away and gestures toward Lisa. The girl now
text: puts the hand back on her breast. Matty accepts defeat.
scene_heading: EXT. PARTY TERRACE - NIGHT 65
text: As Matty, bearing two plates, joins Lisa.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (to Lisa)
dialog: I apologize. I thought some of them
dialog: were bringing their wives and that
dialog: changes the behavior considerably.
dialog: Ramino had this maybe the best
dialog: barbecue anywhere flown in from
dialog: Houston special..I mean he bought
dialog: an extra first class seat 50 a
dialog: friend could fly it up...wait till
dialog: you taste it...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No hard feelings. You stay. I just
dialog: can’t do this now.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Come on, there‘s Christian athletes
dialog: in the game room..we’ll eat with
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Are you interested at all in what
dialog: is going on in my life? You never
dialog: ask.
dialog: (catching her attitude)
dialog: Why am I being pissy? What I mean,
dialog: I guess, is that I think you should
dialog: finally know what's going on with
dialog: me.
text: He gestures she should go ahead. She does..first time she’s
dialog: said it and it doesn't feel good.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (her voice catching)
dialog: I got cut.
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 61.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - RAINY NIGHT 66
text: As Matty and Lisa walk under a huge umbrella..well, not quite
text: under because Matty is trying to hold the umbrella to shelter
text: the massive plate of food he holds -- Lisa yanks the umbrella
text: to shelter her. .Matty realizes. “makes the tough decision and
text: tosses the meal.
scene_heading: INT, MATTY’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 67
text: As he finishes stacking some firewood and then presses a hand
text: remote control which lights the gas starter underneath.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I’m going to go to graduate school
dialog: at night..and, of course I have to
dialog: work a few jobs. I’ve got that
dialog: lined up. But, I've got this
dialog: problem with my attitude. .and what
dialog: I have to do is just get to the
dialog: place where I appreciate what the
dialog: game gave me and accept and even
dialog: embrace the obvious..that the time
dialog: comes for every athlete where...
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: It won't come for me.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Your career will never end?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (proud secret)
text: 1‘m working on a knuckleball.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay. Thanks. Going home, Matty.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Okay, this will help. f knew a real
dialog: good player once and the coach cut
dialog: him and he just felt impotent...you
dialog: are probably feeling whatever the
dialog: female version of that word is..
text: His strange remark snaps Lisa out of it...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It's the same word.
dialog: u
dialog: ‘
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 62.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Don’t let what's going on with you
dialog: make you give me a hard time.
dialog: That's not productive.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I’m not giving you a hard time.
dialog: It's the same word for women.
text: He stares at her - wondering whether she’s messing with him
text: and then decides to let it slide.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Okay. The tie goes to the pretty
dialog: one..s0 it’s the same word and he
dialog: was feeling impotent just like you
dialog: may be feeling..so...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I don’t think that’s what I’m
dialog: feeling.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Can I just finish my thought here?
dialog: Maybe it will help, maybe it won't
dialog: but I/m trying.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: It's okay. So his girl had a
dialog: cat..and he started to save all the
dialog: eat's shit.
dialog: (on her reaction)
dialog: A little trust...And every few days
dialog: or so he took a huge amount and
dialog: wrapped it in a different package --
dialog: like a gift or a magazine roll..or
dialog: something you ordered on line.
dialog: Every few days, for eight months,
dialog: he sent these cat turds to the guy
dialog: who cut him.
text: Lisa makes a gesture of appealing to the heavens for help.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: File it away. It worked for this
dialog: guy. -
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: And he stopped when his anger went
dialog: away?
dialog: 68
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 63.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Well, the cat died.
dialog: (she laughs briefly)
dialog: You feel better?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: Great. I hated seeing you touching
dialog: bottom.
text: Lisa looks up with a jolt..shocked.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: That was sweet.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (weirded out)
dialog: Yeah, you're right.
scene_heading: INT, GEORGE’S NEW SECOND FLOOR APT - NIGHT 68
text: This is a humble abode..very small one bedroom where George
text: ig surrounded by boxes filled with copies of all documents
text: subpoenaed by the government..just a few key pieces of
text: furniture. On some built in book shelves are his possessions:
text: sheets, towels, some silverware and glasses. .The place does
dialog: have one real feature.. overly large windows which give us a
text: small view of a low middle income neighborhood.. George has
text: his laptop open working on evidentiary spread sheets.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON GEORGE
text: As anxiety grips him. He scratches at himself..gets up..the
dialog: key is to keep moving but where and for what? He eyes packed
text: liquor bottles on the floor..actually goes to the frig for a
text: celery stalk..but he stops himself with a suddenly powerful
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. .NOPE..Settled.
text: He reluctantly heeds the voice from nowhere and not drink. He
text: bites on the celery stalk. There is a knock on the door..
speaker_heading: ANNIE'S VOICE
dialog: It’s me, boss.
text: He opens the door to Annie. She is carrying some wrapped home-
text: made food. As she walks toward the kitchen.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Ah, Annie.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 64.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did you call that girl?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. You've got to stop cooking for
dialog: me. It was enough you found this
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That was selfish. You dress up my
dialog: neighborhood.
text: She has put her packages on the counter and now goes to the
text: outer hall to pick up a few more packages. On his reaction:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Cooking relaxes me when I can't
dialog: sleep. Why don’t you just call her?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Honestly? Because my first
dialog: impression wasn’t great. I'd rather
dialog: be more myself when I see her
dialog: next...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What if someone beats you to her?
text: He’s stunned. The thought had never occurred to him..but he
text: has something of a strategy and he’s sticking to it.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Optimism is sanity for me right
dialog: now.
text: She marches over to his refrigerator and begins loading the
text: stuff in..Then she turns...her demeanor changing.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Look...I‘m in such a funny position
dialog: but I need to tell you something...
dialog: Just so I don’t feel creepy. I know
dialog: stuff about what happened at work...
dialog: I can't tell you what because of
dialog: the thing I signed but if you start
dialog: guessing..I can’t help it if my
dialog: face is an open book....and maybe I
dialog: ean give you one hint which. .
text: George goes out of body -- almost jumping across the room -~
text: this is a visceral, instinctive, reflexive, urgent action to
dialog: save what he holds dear.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 6s.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Stop! You can get in genuine
dialog: trouble..And just listening could
dialog: be serious wrongdoing on my part.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I haven't slept..it’s killing me --
dialog: this information. It’s like
dialog: someone's going to shoot you and I
dialog: can’t scream...
dialog: (she screams)
dialog: “WATCH OUT!”
dialog: (still screaming)
text: PLEASE PLAY THIS GAME WITH ME. or
dialog: else I'll just tell you. I have to.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: For god's sake let me unburden.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You've got to understand what it's
dialog: like for me right now.
dialog: (he takes a shot)
dialog: Annie, picture a very angry ocean
dialog: gtorm and I’m on this very little
dialog: boat..
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (touched by the image)
dialog: Obbhh. .
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And miraculously this little boat
dialog: ig still afloat and that boat is
dialog: that I haven’t done anything wrong.
dialog: Like allowing you to tell me
dialog: something you are legally
dialog: constrained from revealing. Not
dialog: doing anything wrong is keeping me
dialog: afloat..If I lose that..I’m gone.
dialog: Don't rock the boat!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: But I know something about the
dialog: boat.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Please, stop.
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 66.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's a terrible boat. You have to
dialog: get out of the boat.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You have to respect me on
dialog: this..And, for what it’s worth, it
dialog: doesn’t matter. I think I’ve
dialog: guessed the same stuff you know.. I
dialog: think I know what you do.
text: This slows her. Then...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Nope..You couldn’t be functioning
dialog: if you knew the stuff I’m talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I think I could. I think I am.
dialog: We're going to leave it there.
dialog: Don’t make me leave my own
dialog: apartment?
text: He puts his hand on the doorknob. He wins.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay..Eat something...
text: He walks back to her..starts helping load the refrigerator..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: This is great of you..
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL STADIUM - DAY - ESTABLISHING SHOT 69
scene_heading: EXT. BULLPEN - DAY 70
text: We see Matty on the bench...a game in progress on the other
text: side of the bullpen gate. The bullpen coach is focused on a
text: relief pitcher warming up...on the bench with Matty, who is
text: deep in thought, is a cute Japanese pitcher, TORI, and a
text: pitcher in his 30's - DOUG. Tori is eyeing the bullpen coach
text: and the girls in the stands alternately...he points to one
text: very pretty girl..and gestures to Doug..the girl looks
text: over..Tori makes eyes at the girl who smiles. He makes a hand
text: gesture indicating she should phone him..she is
text: confused...how could she know the number? He looks over --
text: acting involved in the warm up as the coach looks his
text: way..and then, the coast clear again, reaches under a towel.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 67.
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: There is a long printout of his phone number again and again
text: on a perforated sheet and a sling shot..he tears off one of
text: the numbers..balls it, loads it and shoots it at the girl --
text: it goes down her blouse. Doug reacts to the shot.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Legendary...
dialog: (noticing Matty’s
dialog: preoccupation)
dialog: You didn’t see it
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Hey, let me ask this, how do you
dialog: know when you're in love?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Intriguing.
text: The coach eyes the field on a noise from the crowd.
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: Got him out...You can sit.
text: As the pitcher who had been warming up, RYAN, puts on his
text: jacket and joins the others on the bench.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Well, I’ve got a way..whenever this
dialog: one thing happens I know I'm gone..
dialog: I‘1l tell you but it’s personal and
dialog: I don't want anyone making fun of
dialog: me for it.
text: This is a historically “getting down” bullpen moment as
text: Matty’s demeanor reflects.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Okay. I figure I’m in love with
dialog: someone when I wear condoms with
dialog: the other girls.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Massive!
dialog: They take this in. Then:
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 68.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (struck)
dialog: Holy shit, I’m in love.....
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: What do I do?
speaker_heading: TORI
dialog: Make a move.
scene_heading: INT. LISA’S APARTMENT - DAY 71
text: Lisa is on the phone..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yeah.. Well, I don’t want to hold
dialog: you. Have a great season, Riva.
dialog: 1'11 be following things on-line..
dialog: And find somebody to do my job of
dialog: telling you not to press. You're
dialog: great..Trust the talent - trust the
dialog: training..don’t press. Ok..hug
dialog: everybody for me..Enjoy Tokyo. Get
dialog: even for the Olympics. Okay, I'll
dialog: let you go....I’m great. Yeah.
dialog: Stop..I‘m fine.
text: She picks up a big piece of cardboard which she has color
text: coded. It is titled “To Call Before Team Leaves.” There are
text: close to 40 names..in columns with boxes marked. Each name
dialog: has a thought of what to say. Riva is the last name. This is
text: not a good moment....Her phone rings.
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN
scene_heading: INT. NATIONALS TRAINING ROOM - DAY 72
text: Matty going upstream in the pool treadmill..
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Hey you up for a crazy idea?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (oh so fast)
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: INT. LISA’S APARTMENT - FOUR DAYS LATER 73
text: Sally sits with her as Lisa closes a third suitcase and packs
text: a fourth..Sally is shaking her head.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 69.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: This is such a mistake.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (through her teeth)
text: Overstepping alert.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Nope. You don’t make important life
dialog: decisions when you are mush. It’s
dialog: too dangerous. You fight low self-
dialog: esteem you don’t give it the wheel.
text: Lisa is raw, passionate and emotional..game face extremis.
text: She actually pounds at herself during the following:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I get him. He gets me.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: He does not get you.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yessss. He gets that I get him
dialog: which is, in fact, getting me.
dialog: I’m actually doing what you drilled
dialog: into me. “I am committing to the
dialog: win.” “Don’t wait for your ship to
dialog: dock, swim out to meet it.”
text: Sally remains enormously worried.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: But, every cute story you tell
dialog: about him has to do with his
dialog: selfishness. That is not going to
dialog: stay cute.
dialog: (quoting the advice she
dialog: often gave)
dialog: “Date up - not down...”
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Matty is every guy I’ve ever
dialog: known...teammates, dormmates, boy
dialog: friends. I am packed here. So
dialog: either back the hell off coach or
dialog: do what you have always done for me
dialog: and help me pull out some damn
dialog: positives because I’m..
text: Lisa suddenly pauses. She has suffered some sort of emotional
text: hiccup; losing her full head of steam to a sudden and surging
dialog: vulnerability.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 70.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (softly/naked truth)
dialog: It feels weird fighting with you.
text: Sally moves quickly to embrace her.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'm sorry, honey. Positives! Hell,
dialog: the guy has a 94 mile an hour fast
dialog: ball and a 40 million dollar
dialog: contract. So go get him. I hope he
text: has some idea of how lucky he is.
text: Lisa takes this as an endorsement. She is moved and relieved.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Thanks.
text: But, as they break the coach looks around.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: But why are you taking this much
dialog: luggage?
text: Lisa feeling defensive, begins to lift her five pieces of
text: luggage. .She points at Sally as she quotes her.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: The best thing you taught me,
dialog: “Don't do anything half-way unless
dialog: you're willing to be half-happy.”
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Okay, but what does that mean in
dialog: this context?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I sublet my apartment.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (genuinely alarmed)
dialog: NO! You have no plan B. This is
dialog: hysteria.
text: Lisa gathers her many cases, opens the door, shifts the cases
text: to the hallway and stands there. She is pugnacious in an
text: attempt to conceal her own insecurities from herself.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: T am sorry that you lack confidence
dialog: in me. But I still appreciate that
dialog: you have trained me to go full out.
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 71.
text: It’s her exit line but she can’t help adding a p.s.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: The tenants don't move in ‘till
dialog: after the weekend so you don’t have
dialog: to pay for a hotel room tonight.
dialog: Love you.
text: She closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S APARTMENT - DAY 74
text: As Lisa is embracing Matty.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I cleared some space for you.
text: He then, over her shoulder, eyes the five bags. They break
text: and she picks up some of the bags and exits to...
scene_heading: INT. MATTY’S APARTMENT - WALK IN CLOSET - DAY 75
text: As they stare at the one small drawer he has cleared for her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY - THREE WEEKS LATER 76
text: George walking. His cell phone buzzes.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hi, Dad.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Are you coming to my place?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Almost there.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Good. I have some disturbing news.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I'll wait till you get here.
text: And now we see our familiar doorman in the immediate
dialog: background.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 72.
scene_heading: EXT. MATTY & CHARLES’ APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY 77
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Tell me.. It would be nice to get
dialog: one piece of bad news without
dialog: anyone studying my face to see how
dialog: I‘m taking it.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Anger can be useful. Watch out for
dialog: the bitterness.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What is the news, Dad?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: There are strong indications that
dialog: they are going to indict you. I’ve
dialog: cancelled everything I've got. I’m
dialog: dedicating myself to this.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Um...
text: That's all he can manage. He makes a helpless gesture then
text: pockets the phone and enters the building, going past the
text: doorman who, seeing him so stricken, smiles encouragement.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY AND CHARLES‘ APT. BLDG. - ELEVATOR - DAY 78
text: George enters..and stands there..a beat and Lisa enters. She
text: is carrying several bags of groceries. George is looking down
text: and doesn’t see her. She leans forward...then:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: George?
text: George looks up to see literally the girl of his dreams.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Godpleasedon' tkidme.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Uh, Really Good to see you...
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 73.
scene_heading: 79 INT, MATTY'S APARTMENT - DAY 79
text: As George helps her carry in the bags of groceries.. She
text: takes them and walks off-screen into the kitchen. He is so
text: stunned to have run into her that he doesn’t note the
dialog: surroundings or respond to verbal stimuli.
speaker_heading: LISA’S VOICE
dialog: You don’t live in this building, do
dialog: you? Hello?...Did you leave?...are
dialog: you still here?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (coming around)
dialog: Yes. Absolutely. Here I am.
text: She appears wearing a quizzical expression. He tries smiling.
dialog: It comes off a bit weird.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Look, sorry if I can’t be
dialog: hospitable right now but I have
dialog: to...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Can I go first?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I want to explain why I haven’t
dialog: called.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (actively confused)
dialog: I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I think I’ve made a really bad
dialog: assumption that we’ve been on the
dialog: same wave length..Well, I didn’t
dialog: mean to quite say that either. Did
dialog: you ever want to delete every
dialog: sentence you were saying even as
dialog: you were saying them?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 74.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No. Look, sorry I’m rushed but I’m
dialog: glad to have bumped into you
dialog: because I bit your head off when we
dialog: had dinner and I have a thing about
dialog: rudeness so I'm glad I get to...
text: The door opens and Matty enters.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Lisa?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Hey. George, this is my boyfriend,
dialog: Matty.
text: George takes in the news. And damned if some protestant gene
text: pool doesn't have him treat the moment with some class.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Nice to meet you...
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (as if George is not
dialog: standing there)
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You didn’t say, “hello.”
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Well, I think you should check with
dialog: me before you invite a guy over so
dialog: I‘m a little too pissed off to say,
dialog: “hello.”
dialog: (on her ferocious look)
dialog: Just a Little.
text: Lisa heads for the bedroom and summons Matty to follow.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Please.
text: He gives George a territorial look and then follows her.
speaker_heading: ON GEORGE
text: As he overhears the brief conversation in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LISA’S VOICE
dialog: Why would I have to check with you?
dialog: 80
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 75.
speaker_heading: MATTY'S VOICE
dialog: You just want me to state the
dialog: obvious so you can act mad.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S APT. - BEDROOM - DAY 80
text: Where Lisa and Matty maneuver on the precipice of fatal
text: disagreement. Lisa forthright, Matty, a veteran of skirmishes
text: with women who feel wronged, doing the dance.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: There‘s an “obvious” reason why I
dialog: should check with you before
dialog: inviting someone who offered to
dialog: help carry our groceries?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I didn’t know about the
dialog: groceries..maybe that changes
dialog: things. Yeah, I think it does.
dialog: Okay, good talk.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (simply)
dialog: No. I want to know the obvious
dialog: thing I’m missing.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Okay..You want my foot in the trap?
dialog: I‘1l put it there.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: There is no trap. Let's just show
dialog: up here. What obvious thing am I
dialog: missing?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Okay. That this is my place!
text: Lisa did not see this coming. It takes the wind out of her.
text: They look at each other for several beats..as the moment
text: sinks in.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh, boy. So long, Matty.
text: She opens the closet door where we see she has been living
text: out of her suitcases..She empties her one small drawer.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 76.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Congratulations. You get your sock
text: drawer back.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Okay..you can have somebody up
dialog: without asking..it’s not like
dialog: you're going to abuse the
dialog: privilege...
text: She moves past him...
scene_heading: INT. MATTY’S APT. - LIVING ROOM - DAY 81
text: As she moves past George..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Sorry. Could you get the door?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You bet.
text: He opens it.. She moves past George briefly leaving Matty and
dialog: George alone together.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I think I screwed up.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Not from my perspective.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Thanks, pal.
text: George nods and exits the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S APARTMENT BLDG. - HALLWAY - DAY 82
text: As George sees he missed the elevator and takes to the stairs
dialog: full speed.
scene_heading: EXT. MATTY'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY 83
text: As the doorman holds the door open for Lisa who is quickly
text: followed by George.
dialog: ON LISA. .
dialog: At a loss..dazed
dialog: 
dialog: 84
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 17.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Taxi?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No, thanks, Tom..I have to figure
dialog: out where I’m going first.
text: She takes out her cell phone..It beeps “low battery.” Her
text: back to the wall of life, Lisa suddenly turns to George.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Do you Live yeRas} here?.I have to
dialog: recharge... my phone.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Not that far.
dialog: (sudden confession)
dialog: Well, an hour..by bus. I don’t want
dialog: to mislead you. Okay?
text: He lifts some of her bags..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yeah, I guess.
text: As they begin to walk off, the apartment’s intercom phone
text: rings and the doorman steps inside to answer it as we
text: overhear a last word from George.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: An hour ten maybe.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MATTY'S APT. - VESTIBULE - DAY 84
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Oh, hello sir..Yes, she just came
dialog: down. Okay, I’1l try.
text: He puts the phone down and scurries back to the street. -.He
text: sees George is carrying the luggage. George catches the
text: doorman’s eye and breaks into a grin,then turns back to Lisa
text: to indicate the bus stop.. They stand at the bus stop not 10
text: yards away from the doorman.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: (calling in a whisper)
dialog: Lisa, there's a phone call for you.
dialog: 85
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 78.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN (cont 'd)
text: (he cups his hand into a
dialog: megaphone but still
text: whispers at the same low
dialog: volume)
dialog: Lisa..
text: He goes back to the phone and picks it up.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Sorry, sir..I just wasn’t able to
dialog: catch her for you.
text: He hangs up and looks on as the bus arrives.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE‘S SECOND APT. - DAY 85
text: As they enter. Lisa digs in one of her bags to find her
text: charger, looks around then goes directly to an outlet to plug
text: in her phone. As she looks at the phone...
speaker_heading: . LISA
dialog: Boy, so dead.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: This is a new place. I'm not
dialog: totally moved in yet. Hey, you
dialog: hungry?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Lately, always. Why you asking, you
dialog: have nibbles?
text: He opens the refrigerator where we see some 30 containers
text: showing great home made ziti, chicken pot pie. .puddings. .
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes.
text: George's cell vibrates. He reads “Dad” then turns it off..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I’m not going to be great
dialog: company...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Are you kidding? Even right now
dialog: this is the best conversation I've
dialog: had since the night we didn’t say a
dialog: word to each other.
text: Lisa has a delayed amusement..a half laugh.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 79.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, that’s sort of funny.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
text: Flying start.
scene_heading: 86 INT. GEORGE’S SECOND APT. - SMALL KITCHEN AREA - DAY 86
text: As he sets the oven and Lisa enters...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What can I do?
dialog: (startled)
dialog: You make your own chicken pot pie?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
text: A friend. All the plates and
text: silverware are over there..
text: She goes past him and grabs some silverware and paper
text: napking..it feels “datey” to him..yup, "flying start.” Then
text: her phone rings, she crosses to where it lies on the floor,
text: unplugs it, checks whose calling, brightens despite herself
text: and answers.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Hey. .
dialog: (listens then)
dialog: It doesn’t matter where I am.
dialog: (disbelief)
dialog: You're going to yell at me? That‘s
dialog: it? That‘s why you called? Well..I
dialog: think..
text: There is a low battery beep. She looks down.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Wait a minute..you’re going to lose
dialog: me..
text: In the background George reacts to “you're going to lose me”
text: with a small fun “take” to himself. His mood has lightened
text: for the first time in months. Meanwhile, Lisa’s phone goes
text: dead. She stares at it.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Just as well..it wasn’t going to go
dialog: well from there. I think we need
dialog: some time to think..
text: A pause and then reluctantly she turns off the phone.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 80.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Do you have Guinness?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I will get Guinness. And I make a
dialog: great drink, if you want to try it.
dialog: It‘s not an idle remark. Really, I
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay.. I’11 try something. .Just not
dialog: strong...
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Oh, what am I doing? “Stay honest
dialog: with yourself when you know you're
dialog: making a mistake and at least there
dialog: may be a takeaway.”
dialog: (to George)
dialog: I am going to get drunk because I
dialog: am too lame to stand the way I
dialog: feel.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Great choice.
text: He starts moving away.
text: He stops.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: But, could you do me a favor?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes, absolutely....and thanks for
dialog: the opportunity.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Could you not...I have a
dialog: boyfriend...could we just..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: Seer Sw
speaker_heading: —_—
dialog: 87
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 81.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I have a teammate..ex-teammate who
dialog: said the only time I say anything
dialog: is when I drink Guiness..so watch
dialog: out.
text: George is “up"... Uncensored words spill out.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Well, I think you have been saying
dialog: a lot without drinking. You are
dialog: truly something.
dialog: (getting briefly excited)
dialog: Which means my thinking about you
dialog: wasn't just an aspect of the
dialog: trouble I’m in.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I've gotta tell you..I don’t follow
dialog: you.. You are in trouble?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: First things..Be back in a
dialog: second. .make yourself at home.
text: He exits the apartment. Now alone, Lisa sinks rapidly. .
text: briefly forlorn..in mid-fall she attempts to summon her
text: will..She paces actively then ghe goes to the window.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: As George dangerously challenges traffic..Lisa is just about
text: to shout a warning when he stops of his own volition. Sees
text: her looking and gestures that he’s anxious to get back.
scene_heading: BXT, GEORGE'S SECOND APT BLDG-GEORGE MOVES TOWARD CAMERA 87
text: As he enters the door of his building, flushed, we see a cab
text: pull curbside in the background. The person in the back of
text: the cab calls to him. He turns to see Annie paying the
text: driver. He reacts viscerally.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Don't get out!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Your father sent me to find you..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: "She's" up there.
text: Annie takes his measure.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 82.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Aw...you’re like a person...what do
dialog: I tell your father?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Tell him the truth...that against
dialog: all the laws of God and Science I
dialog: am having a great day! And I refuse
dialog: to talk about it because it’s
dialog: private and personal and everybody
dialog: must keep the hell away.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: If I say that he’1l be right over.
dialog: I'll tell him you’re clinically
dialog: depressed -- and you haven't slept -
dialog: so you took a pill.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Much better.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY’S APT. DAY/NIGHT. .MONTAGE 88
text: He is no longer a stranger to sadness. Some latent
text: abandonment issue has hit like an unexploded bomb from a past
text: war...we see him sliding into increased anxiety and sadness
text: through the eyes of those who serve him.
text: SHOT. A Mexican maid sees him acting out over another
text: unanswered call to Lisa as she irons one of his expensive
text: shirts on a pro pressing machine.
text: Shot. The man working with the terrace plants looks up from
text: his crouch and see a forlorn Matty hit his head against the
text: inside of the glass terrace door right above him, unmindful
text: of the gardener’s presence.
text: Shot. Matty standing still..another man in the shot..he is
text: concerned for Matty..we then reveal that the man is from
text: Major League Baseball when Matty hands him a urine sample and
text: he take it and gives Matty’s back an encouraging rub.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE’S SECOND APT. - LISA AND GEORGE - NIGHT 89
text: Lisa sits comfortably on the floor, leaning back against a
text: bed pillow. She has two empty Guinness bottles alongside her
text: but is now drinking, as is George, from a pitcher of a unique
text: vodka based drink which features red grapes. George sits in a
text: low slung canvas chair. Lisa crunches on her drink. Nobody is
dialog: bad drunk here...rather just right..speech is clear -- maybe
dialog: imperceptibly slow...it could pass for thoughtfulness. .
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 83.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: My father is..would rather..that I
dialog: was more...dynamic. Pause for the
dialog: mob of fans to chant, “Oh, you're
dialog: dynamic, George.”
text: George had hopes for his beau geste. Lisa simply stares at
text: him. This pattern continues throughout the following.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (cont ’d)
dialog: It bothers him that I’m not as....
dialog: “vibrant” as he is. He raised me
dialog: alone since I was seven because,
dialog: and wait ‘till you hear this..
dialog: People go nuts over it. Be prepared
dialog: to see me with new eyes. I become
dialog: very appealing. My mother left us
dialog: after seeing “Kramer vs. Kramer” at
dialog: the movies one afternoon.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Do you know the picture?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: It's a movie about a woman who
dialog: leaves Dustin Hoffman and her son
dialog: because she had to find who she
dialog: was.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: That‘s strange.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: This is early feminism. She comes
dialog: back.... In the movie.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh. .
scene_heading: 90 INT. GEORGE'S SECOND APT. - 90 MINUTES LATER 30
text: Lisa has been talking for some time.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 84,
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I‘ve got to make those old lessons
dialog: work for me now. Like when we lost
dialog: the NCAA final by one run and coach
dialog: made us smile and sign autographs
dialog: for hundreds of young girl
dialog: fans..and we all just sucked it in
text: and instead of some self-indulgent,
dialog: self pitying kleenex party we dida
dialog: little good for the girls and the
dialog: game..are you bored?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Transfixed.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: cut it out (wbRigmestly don’t
dialog: understand what you're doing. These
dialog: can’t be moves..
dialog: {before George can
dialog: answer. .alarmed)
dialog: Do I sound like I’m feeling sorry
dialog: for myself because I'm really just
dialog: trying to size things up..get the
dialog: ambition right, figure the
dialog: challenge. And then. .
dialog: (self derision)
dialog: Yak yak yak. Right?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Sometimes you have to hear what you
dialog: Say so you know what you think.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Huh? Yeah..maybe so. Okay..so the
dialog: real thing is with most girls I
dialog: know..their plan B is meeting
dialog: someone..love..have a baby. .maybe
dialog: work..or more school..I‘m doing
dialog: both of those but..okay..1I‘1l1 say
dialog: it..my problem. .challenge..
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: SHUT ME UP SHUT ME UP SHUT ME UP.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. I think what you're doing now
dialog: is exactly what you..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (shutting him off)
dialog: You shut up too. What the hell do
dialog: you know except looking at me like
dialog: Bambi. Did you see THAT movie?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 85.
speaker_heading: LISA (cont 'd)
dialog: Gee whiz..sorry..I‘11 bet you're
dialog: really glad you fed me some
dialog: drinks...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Your problem?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (gets a breath then
dialog: vulnerable/earnest)
dialog: I don't know if I have what it
dialog: takes for that regular Plan B. I
dialog: don't ever..have never felt that
dialog: love like the guy is the whole
dialog: deal, or to be honest, the baby
dialog: thing..not that either. I'm just
dialog: good at this one thing..When girls
dialog: talk about how much in love they
dialog: are or how a baby is everything..
dialog: (a shamed, scared whisper)
dialog: I think they're pretending....And
dialog: now a little event I was worried
dialog: would never get here..I am going to
dialog: stop talking about myself. ..What
dialog: trouble are you in, George?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Simply put. I’m currently
dialog: unemployed. My girlfriend has
dialog: recently broken up with me. I will
dialog: soon be out of money and I’m the
dialog: target of a federal investigation.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Boy, you’re a real chick magnet,
dialog: , aren’t you?
text: She cracks up..He enjoys the joke and is playfull in return.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Well, we’ll see. The thing we have
dialog: in common is...
text: Lisa gets up and stands next to him, propelled by a thought.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (almost simultaneously)
dialog: I'11 tell you what impresses me
dialog: about you..Oh, I’m sorry I
dialog: interrupted.
dialog: g1
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 86.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (strongly)
dialog: NO! GO AHEAD!!
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, it’s that you sure haven't
dialog: let anything take your spirit.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. Not tonight. Tonight, you have
dialog: done me a great turn. You have
dialog: given me temporary amnesia.
dialog: Because, right now, you're the only
dialog: thing on my mind.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I can't believe you tell me all you
dialog: just did and then you flirt. Why is
dialog: the government. .
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Don’t know. Truly.
dialog: (a pause then awkwardly)
dialog: Um, I’m honest.
text: Lisa is touched. There‘s something sweet about earnestness
text: that simple. She puts a hand on his face. Her phone rings.
text: She makes a helpless gesture and answers it.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Hi, Matty.
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN
scene_heading: INT. MATTY’S APT/INT. GEORGE’S SECOND APT: INTERCUT-NIGHT 91
speaker_heading: ~ MATTY
dialog: First of all, I’m not going to ask
dialog: you where you've been..I get points
dialog: for that, right?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, not after you put it that
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Okay. I screw up. That’s why I
dialog: wrote something out to say to
dialog: you..this will be good. Okay. Is it
dialog: bad that I wrote it out?
dialog: 
dialog: 92
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 87.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Unusual, not bad. Stop asking me
dialog: things like that. It’s weird.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Okay. Sorry. I went nuts when you
dialog: left. I broke a lamp.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay, read me the thing.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: That was the thing.
text: Lisa laughs. George, in the background, reacts appropriately.
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLE ON Matty
text: Showing that he holds a piece of paper which reads: “I went
dialog: nuts when you left. I broke a lamp."
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (broadly)
dialog: Well, then..I’m deeply touched.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: So what else do I do here? Okay.
dialog: “Please, come back.” You know,
dialog: that’s giant for me to say.
dialog: (He works hard to squeeze
dialog: another good one out)
dialog: “I don’t know that I'l] do great
dialog: but I know I'1l do better.” This is
dialog: breakthrough stuff here.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh, God..Okay. See you soon. Bye
text: She hangs up.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I‘1l help you get a cab.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE'S SECOND APT. BUILDING - NIGHT 92
text: As he signals for a cab. She feels bad for him.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: George. Thanks for being such a
dialog: great listener. And, hey, no matter
dialog: what, I get to have friends.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 a8.
text: He has hailed ‘a cab. He thinks - then turns to her.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'll take you up on that?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: That’s why I said it. Slump city
dialog: can be murder. So call whenever. I
dialog: feel blessed that we made friends.
text: The cab driver begins to put her luggage in the trunk. The
text: driver has finished. She touches George’s arm and gets in.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Okay..Of every thought I had about
dialog: you and there were millions...the
dialog: one that never occurred to me was
dialog: that my mind wasn’t exaggerating.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (scolding)
dialog: Cut it out. I go boyfriend.
text: The cab pulls away. George, with some effort, decides not to
text: watch it move off in the distance. He turns and heads home.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE WITH CUBBIES - DAY 93
text: We are in a large room with cubbies filled with men and women
dialog: primarily in their 20’s. We do not know what we are doing
dialog: here.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - CUBBY - DAY 94
text: Where a young attractive (though chunky) man works at his
text: computer. He is about to finish a bit of work when an
text: attractive female intern (whom he secretly pines for) comes
text: in and gives him a take-out lunch. She leaves without taking
text: any notice of him. He looks at his sandwich. Shit..they put
text: mayo on his sandwich. It is really annoying. He leaves frame.
text: Comes back with a kleenex and tries to wipe the mayo off the
dialog: bread. It is not a good decision..pieces of tissue cling to
text: the bread. He reacts with some good humor to having done
text: something moronic and leaves frame for a second and now comes
text: back with a paper towel..he wipes the bread and it falls
text: apart..He throws that slice of bread away and takes a messy
dialog: bite of the remaining sandwich..the mayo tastes pretty good.
text: Back to work. He hits his print key while wiping at his
text: mouth..THE CAMERA FOLLOWS A CORD FROM HIS COMPUTER TOA
text: PRINTER SITTING ON THE FLOOR.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 89.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON PRINTER
text: As out comes a UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT CRIMINAL COMPLAINT:
text: THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT VS GEORGE MADISON.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S APARTMENT - TERRACE - NIGHT 95
text: Another party...lap sitting. .beer..long wooden tables on the
text: terrace where men with very good hand eye are smashing hard
text: shelled crabs which are on brown paper. .very pretty dresses
text: are getting splattered with each swing, so it becomes a
text: repeated chain reaction..slam, crab juice splatter, dismayed
text: squeal from a girl...Tori, the Japanese pitcher who tossed
text: his phone number into the stands, is in the company of the
dialog: girl whose bodice received it..He is very nice..noting the
text: splattered dress on his girl, he covers her with a bib..She
text: rewards him with a kiss. Tori loves his crab meat. He tosses
text: a question to a strolling Matty.
speaker_heading: TORI
dialog: Flown in?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Driven..but from the best crab
dialog: house in Baltimore. That sauce with
dialog: beer it’s...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Crazy.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Anyone see Lisa?
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: She was inside. By the way,
dialog: interesting woman. Beautiful guns.
text: He indicates upper arm muscles.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 96
text: Matty moves inside and sees Lisa on the sofa - next to a
text: couple necking in good taste. She is about to get up and move
text: on when she spies the corner of a sport magazine. ..She grabs
text: it..instantly in a bit of a state.. Matty arrives.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 90.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Did you see this?
text: She flips to show him the cover..A headline reading “BEAUTY
text: AND THE BUDGET.“ And the visual is an arrestingly subtle but
text: brilliantly sexual photo of CAM, the girl who replaced Lisa
text: on the roster, wearing her USA uniform with tags hanging from
dialog: every garment detailing what amount corporate sponsors had
text: ponied up to be part of U.S.A. Softball. A tag line streamer
text: reads.."IF YOU SHAKE IT THEY WILL COME.”
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Who is she?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: The girl who replaced me. They do
dialog: only her and she hasn’t even played
dialog: yet. What do you think?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Gorgeous.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Thanks, that helps.
text: She gets up.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Well, they have to market the
dialog: program.
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: You can't be pissed about it now,
dialog: you're the hostess.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay, okay..i am furious but not at
dialog: you.
text: She touches his arm, as in no hard feelings, then moves past
text: him to pick up her cell phone from a hall table.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S APT. - BEDROOM - NIGHT 97
text: As Lisa enters and sees a male guest gitting on the bed,
text: seriously pitching a girl who is crying. She exits.
scene_heading: EXT. MATTY'S APT. - LARGE TERRACE - NIGHT 98
text: As she finds a lonely windblown corner. She holds her
text: phone. .considers..locates a mumber. .
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 91.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET/RESTAURANT - NIGHT 99
text: As George stands outside an ELEGANT BAR, partially in the
text: shadows as he looks through the window at his father, who
text: drinks at a table for two.
scene_heading: INT. ELEGANT RESTAURANT BAR - NIGHT 100
text: Charles looks at his watch (one of the great watches)
text: impatiently and reacts angrily. He takes out his cell phone
text: and barks a command.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Son!
scene_heading: FILTERED MECHANICAL VOICE
dialog: Son!
text: As it clicks into a ring.
scene_heading: EXT. ELEGANT RESTAURANT BAR- NIGHT 101
text: George is just about to suck up the spirit to join his father
text: when his phone rings. He sees it is his father.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hi, Dad. I’m just about to..
text: A call waiting tone and he looks at the face of his phone
dialog: which says, “LISA.”
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Sorry. I can't talk right now..
speaker_heading: CHARLES .
dialog: You need my help!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Might have to reschedule - sorry.
text: He hangs up. And hits another button.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Lisa, how are you?
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 92.
scene_heading: EXT. ELEGANT RESTAURANT BAR - WIDE SHOT 102
text: As George turns away from the restaurant to continue the
text: conversation while, in the background, his seriously miffed
text: father places a bill down and exits the restaurant and, as he
text: takes a few steps, looks as if he will bump into George but
text: then turns to his parked car.
scene_heading: EXT.MATTY'S APT TERRACE/EXT.ELEGNT REST BAR: INTERCUT-NIGHLO3
text: Lisa is into her conversation with George. She is also
text: shivering a bit from the night wind.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: A little crazy...I’m trying to
dialog: figure something out so, you're
dialog: smart so see what you....
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I’m okay. Not smart smart.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Good enough. In a nutshell.. I’m
dialog: tempted to call my old coach and
dialog: unload on him. I did everything he
dialog: asked and now I know he bumped me
dialog: for someone because she is...
dialog: (veally hard to say)
dialog: better looking..some use the word
dialog: “gorgeous.” But I wanted to check
text: with a relatively clear headed
dialog: person before I..
speaker_heading: ON GEORGE
text: Truly concerned on whether he meets the qualification.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I‘m not sure I’m clear headed when
dialog: it's you.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Please, stop being so....precise.
dialog: It's not about me. It’s about the
dialog: damn game. Just tell me what you
dialog: honestly think. Should I cream him?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Is it okay if I think about it for
dialog: a minute? Should I call you back?
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 93.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No. I'll wait. I can use the
dialog: breather.
text: There is a gust of wind and she audibly shivers.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Nothing. I’m cold. I never was cold
dialog: before I went girlie. Hurry up and
dialog: think, okay?
scene_heading: EXT. NICELY LIGHTED BUS STOP - NIGHT 104
text: As George ponders the variables present in Lisa’s question
dialog: and considers the best advice.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: Revealing that George's jocation is just a short distance
text: from Matty’s terrace as is made clear by something
text: architecturally distinctive.
scene_heading: EXT. MATTY’S APT/EXT. ELEGANT REST. BAR: INTERCUT - NIGHT 105
speaker_heading: ON LISA
text: Agitated, as she paces in place, not knowing whether it's
dialog: good or bad for George to be taking time like this. Matty
text: strolls over.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Who you talking to?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: George. The guy you met.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Uh-huh..... You going to be long?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I’m on hold sort of..
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You want privacy?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 94.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, I’m on the phone.
dialog: (George has resumed
dialog: talking)
dialog: Hi..So what do you think?
text: She listens as Matty monitors.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I’m not sure it fits you but for
dialog: me, and maybe it’s because my
dialog: father has always been such a hot
dialog: head, I don’t know. But a lot of
dialog: the time, I feel like I’ve really
dialog: accomplished something when I keep
dialog: a lid on. The minute you go off on
dialog: someone YOU MERES, all other options.
dialog: And, the worst thing for me these
dialog: days is how much is out of my
dialog: control. You understand?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Fantastically, yes.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So, I would want to keep all
dialog: options open.
speaker_heading: ON Matty AND LISA
text: As he watches her hold one ear closed so she can listen hard
text: to George. Matty is about to say something but Lisa straining
text: to catch George’s words holds up her hand to stop him.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Well, that’s me. I wouldn’t eall
dialog: him, But these days, in particular,
dialog: I’m not a get it off your chest
dialog: person. Okay?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay. .thanks.
dialog: (double checking)
dialog: So, you're saying, don’t call him?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yeah, I am.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Thanks. And look anytime I can
dialog: return the favor...well good, I
dialog: want you to remember that. It's why
dialog: I said it.
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 95.
speaker_heading: LISA (cont 'd)
dialog: (Matty is about to speak)
dialog: Got to go.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Nice talking to you.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Right. So long.
text: She clicks off..and looks to Matty to say his piece. She is
text: ready for a skirmish. But Matty fakes her out and goes high
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You look cold. Would you like my
dialog: jacket?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (disarmed)
dialog: Okay, sure.
text: He puts his beautiful tan cashmere jacket on her shoulders.
text: As they walk back to the party-goers, we notice in the deep
text: shadows of the terrace, where Lisa was just standing, a
text: couple romantically engaged in active foreplay.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CAFE - DAY 106
text: Annie and George sitting at a cafe of some sort.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You have to see your father.
speaker_heading: GEORGE:
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He’s one of the few people willing
dialog: to talk to you.
text: George is silent.
scene_heading: EXT. MATTY AND CHARLES' APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT 107
text: As George approaches. He looks perhaps more troubled than we
dialog: have seen him.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (to doorman)
dialog: How are you?
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 96.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Fine thank you...Lisa just came
text: back from her run.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No, I'm here to see my father.
dialog: (a little hopefully) )
dialog: Is he out?
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: I'll check.
text: As he dials the house phone George fidgets.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Your son is here to see you, Mr.
dialog: Madison?
text: The doorman nods and George enters.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY AND CHARLES’ APT. - ELEVATOR - NIGHT 108
text: George combatting some enormous tension.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY AND CHARLES’ APT. BLDG. - HALLWAY - NIGHT 109
text: As he knocks on his father’s door... A housekeeper opens it
text: and, having been told to leave when George gets there,
dialog: carries her things with her so what follows between father
dialog: and son will take place in privacy...
scene_heading: INT. CHARLES’ APARTMENT - NIGHT 110
text: As he enters George takes a quick and enormous breath. He is
text: vibrant with conflicting emotions which makes even his first
dialog: word difficult to utter...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Dad.
text: Charles has a drink in his hand. He is glad to see him.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Finally..... Have you been avoiding
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes. Absolutely.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (that quick)
dialog: Did you do it?
text: They are now looking at each other. Charles slowly
dialog: enunciating his words...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Did..I..?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Do it?
dialog: 97.
text: Charles half laughs. George is focused, forceful, wound tight
dialog: so as not to shake.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So?!?
text: His father takes some stock as he sits down. They are now
dialog: quite close.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: My gogh...you’re not asking. .
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (pressing but calmly so)
dialog: Did you do something to fabricate
dialog: earnings for the analysts and
dialog: either knowingly or accidentally
dialog: put me in this spot? Did you do
dialog: that? And, if you did, are you
text: still looking, even at this moment,
dialog: for a way to handle it and me
dialog: without telling me that you
dialog: committed a criminal act?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Easy..easy. This ground we are on
text: is wall to wall mine fields.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Oh, for God’s sakes, you're a
dialog: goddamned crook..... Am I right?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Well, how about one question of my
dialog: own. Am I talking to my son or 4
dialog: recording device?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 98.
text: George lifts his father to his feet..and shakes him. .Charles
text: in trying to free himself actually slaps his son who doesn’t
text: even feel it. He pushes his father away and heads for the
text: door. His father calls out his concession.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Sorry I asked that. Awful.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Do you have any idea whatsoever who
dialog: I am? How could you think...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You're right to be offended.
dialog: What exact Re you do?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: If I did something and if I told
dialog: you I would be putting you ina
dialog: seriously, legally compromised
dialog: position. So will you let me
dialog: proceed carefully here?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No, I won't. Just...tell Me. Now.
dialog: What did you do, Dad?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I did what everyone who does
dialog: business in the Mid-East does..and
dialog: I mean everyone..as in
dialog: every...bodddy ...who is not
dialog: Microsoft or selling something
dialog: indispensable...You pay a toll in
dialog: the Mid-East no matter what the
dialog: country is. If you want to sell in
dialog: Egypt you go there, rent an office
dialog: and bribe an Egyptian. That’s what
dialog: I did.... like Every...bodddddy
dialog: does. I bribed the Egyptian. They
dialog: put money on our books with an
dialog: order knowing I would slip the
dialog: money back to them.
text: George makes a sound.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (continued)
dialog: The stock moved more than I
dialog: -o thought. It attracted attention.
dialog: “>
dialog: 111
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 99.
speaker_heading: CHARLES (cont 'd)
dialog: I didn’t think it would ever touch
dialog: you..and I wish I could somehow
dialog: express how what is happening to
dialog: you is the most wrenching
dialog: experience of my life. And it’s not
dialog: just emotional.
dialog: (telling his truth)
dialog: It‘s physical. It hurts in a
dialog: profound and deep way..my muscles,
dialog: my skin..like those side effects I
dialog: got from Lipitor. I am anguishing
dialog: in every way because of what you
dialog: are going th.....
text: Charles voice cracks..he is about to ecry.. A fact which is
text: more than George can take. He wigs out -- moving his face
text: close to his father as he speaks with loud urgency.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (sputtering poetically)
dialog: Stop. You damned narcissist..No you
dialog: don't.. You can’t cry. You ethical
dialog: mutant. .
text: George is breathing a bit heavily never having come close to
text: talking to his father like this. Charles wipes his eyes and
text: meets his son’s gaze and gives him some fatherly advice that
text: is delivered with strange calm and intimacy.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Better pace yourself, son. It gets
dialog: worse.
text: As George reacts.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MATTY’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 111
text: Matty is working his phone with a pleasant frenzy. His bags
text: packed and standing. He is about to leave for a road trip.
text: Lisa calls from the next room.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (o.c.)
dialog: I'm going to miss you.
text: He smiles at a message he just received and taps out an
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Echo that. What are you going to do
dialog: with yourself?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Coach the rich twins..maybe hang
dialog: out with George a little. I’m
dialog: seeing him later.
text: He sends off his reply.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What?!?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No worries. It’s always athletes
dialog: for me. And, the team is training
dialog: in town and..I dunno..I was
text: thinking of dropping by. The only
dialog: thing is...
dialog: 100.
text: But Matty is distracted as a tone signals a reply to his
text: reply which makes him laugh a little so that, as he continues
text: to read, he does not sense Lisa’s presence when she enters
text: to see him enjoying the text..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Matty?
text: He immediately disengages the phone, his attitude very caught
text: in the cookie jar.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: We need to talk for a second.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'll call you from the car.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Are we monogamous?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You're feeling this way because of
dialog: the road trip. But we don‘t have
dialog: the time to do this.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: How much time does it take to
dialog: answer?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: The answer is, yes, of course,
dialog: essentially.
dialog: (on her look)
dialog: That’s the truth. And my rule
dialog: because I love you, is to always
dialog: tell you the truth.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 101.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You love me?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I've told you that.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No, you haven't.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Well, I told the whole bullpen.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What’s “essentially?”
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I am not anything like the wild man
dialog: I used to be. If it bothers you, I
dialog: will attempt to cut out even the
dialog: anonymous sex. .
dialog: {before she can speak)
dialog: BECAUSE..I think we may be heading
dialog: for the biggest result that can
dialog: happen to a dating couple.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh, Jesus, you stinker.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: A guy is willing to go one thousand
dialog: miles for you and you criticize him
dialog: because he ‘ADMITTEDLY’ hasn’t
text: covered the last yard yet.
text: Lisa has had the wind knocked out of her. This goes
text: deep..shivering legs, a flash of some prescient terror, the
text: whole deal..She is briefly helpless to do anything but sort
text: of hold herself and take stock. She is stunned by her own
text: sense of internal devastation.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Um. .Whew..does this feel like shit.
dialog: Boy! So this is what everybody is
dialog: always talking about.
text: She takes a breath...her freshly oxygenated brain kicks in.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You have to get the team bus. You
dialog: don't miss the team bus no matter
dialog: what. We'll talk. I'm moving out.
dialog: But we’1l talk.
dialog: 112
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 102.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Don’t break up with me.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, that’s the thing, I don’t
dialog: know if what we have is even
dialog: anything breakable.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Where you gonna go?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, I'm in luck because my
dialog: tenants hate my place - they’ve
dialog: been trying to get out of the deal.
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: Don’t miss your team bus! We'll
dialog: talk this out when you get back.
dialog: You can't miss a team bus!!!
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Okay, I decided. I’m going to be
dialog: monogamous while I’m away. You too?
text: She nods -- it is the furthest thing from her mind.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (continued)
dialog: This will be okay.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Go!
text: He cups her face..her eyes glisten..He means what he says
text: next but, still, he is also consciously playing his “A” game.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Why do women always look best just
dialog: as they are shifting away from you?
text: He gives her a light kiss.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh, stop it! Jesus.
text: She shoves him toward the door.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLES APARTMENT - NIGHT 112
text: George is slumped in a cushy chair, virtually
text: asleep....Charles is on the phone in the next room.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 103.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Well, I’m going to possibly go into
dialog: all the ramifications with my son.
dialog: Then I can meet with you and the
dialog: other lawyers..Okay, then.
text: He hangs up and enters. He nudges George.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Weird. Never felt this tired.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Take my advice. I think you should
dialog: get away from me. Cut me off. I’ve
dialog: just been trying to avoid an
dialog: inevitable here. Have to give up on
dialog: that. I tried to steer you to the
dialog: right lawyer. Your guy was wrong. I
dialog: could have paid your bills - used
dialog: money to make the government lose
dialog: heart in a minor matter. But, no,
dialog: you picked a shmoe.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I just work better with facts. Just
dialog: tell me.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: George, I worked for a boiler stock
dialog: operation when I was 19. There was
dialog: a violation and I got one year
dialog: probation.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Why are you bringing that up now?
text: Charles is reluctant to continue.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Because of that if they find me at
dialog: all responsible for the current
dialog: problems I would be a repeat
dialog: offender and could get 25 years in
dialog: jail...that’s why I didn’t come
dialog: forward.
dialog: They look at each other...that fact produces a genuine,
text: though brief, transcendent moment. In a fleeting gesture
text: George touches his father’s arm in sympathy.
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 104,
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Wow Dad, what are we going to do
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Finally and at last not your
dialog: problem. I need you to go because I
dialog: am in some wrestling match with
dialog: myself here. I can’t trust myself
dialog: not to manipulate you - I don't
dialog: know if I’m doing it now.
dialog: (gives it some thought}
dialog: I think I am.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Has it occurred to you, as a
dialog: possibility, that you can just say
dialog: what happened..without trying to
dialog: control the outcome?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Honestly, no.
text: George gestures that it is worth a shot.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: If you pled out the sentence would
dialog: be three years with a chance of
dialog: getting it down to less than two..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And you’d....
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Get off. Maybe. Probably.
text: George feels a sudden thrust of energy. -
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: That's everything?
text: Charles nods.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Okay. I think this was a good
dialog: visit.
dialog: 113
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 105.
scene_heading: EXT, TRAINING FACILITY - DAY 113
text: A practice game has just finished. .the U.S.A. beating a solid
dialog: college team...one of the U.S.A.'s beefier players (who we
text: know as PARTICULARLY EMOTIONAL GIRL) hits a home run and wins
text: the game. .some photographers shoves the home run hitter out
text: of the way to take pictures of Cam, who was on base at the
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: A figure on a hill taking in the action.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON LISA
text: Gnawing on her lip in anxiety. She is actually considering
text: leaving before anyone sees her.
dialog: BACK TO THE ACTION
text: As the teams lines up to shake hands..Riva hurries through
text: the line spots Lisa and dashes up the hill...at least half
text: her teammates join her...including the home run hitter.
speaker_heading: ON LISA
text: Even as she shouts an admonishment...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Did you even finish shaking hands
dialog: with the other team? Coach’11 blame
dialog: me.
dialog: But, here come the hugs and oh, God she loves them -- Even as
text: she experiences the rush of being with them, she is working
text: her ass off to appear light-hearted. She puts her face close
text: to the beefy girl.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Look at you..Little Miss Home Run
text: to the Opposite Field.
scene_heading: PARTICULARLY EMOTIONAL GIRL
dialog: Insane that you were here for it.
dialog: (to other teammate)
dialog: She worked on opposite field power
dialog: with me.
dialog: 114
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 106.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD AREA - DUSK 114
text: As Riva and Lisa sit on the grass together, having a beer.
text: The vibe is clearly intimate. They look down on the well-lit
dialog: playing field...
speaker_heading: RIVA.
dialog: You're doing okay. Your making the
dialog: adjustment. Give it time. Maybe
dialog: grad school and odd jobs aren't the
dialog: right thing. Anybody would want you
dialog: as an assistant coach.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I have to wade? that one.
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: Till what?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Till I won't envy my players.
speaker_heading: RIVA
dialog: Holy shit, Lise.. This isn’t you.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I hope not. Don’t tell anyone I'm
dialog: this bad, or did I show it?
dialog: (genuinely alarmed)
dialog: Does everybody see it.. Is it
dialog: leaking out of me? And all of this
dialog: whining I do serves nothing ...like
dialog: my mother said to me when she was
dialog: sick, “you can’t cry and fix
dialog: something at the same time.”
dialog: (dabs at her eyes)
dialog: Now I'm going to feel sorry for
dialog: myself for losing my mother. Just
dialog: wallow, wallow, wallow.
text: Riva moves closer to put her arm around Lisa, who immediately
text: shifts away, waving it off, not feeling deserving of
text: comforting. And then, instead, grabs her friends two hands in
text: an attempt to give instead of take.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Listen to me, Riva, ‘cause this is
dialog: my gift to you for putting up with
dialog: me tonight. Stay ‘till they tear
dialog: you away, honey.
dialog: 
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 107.
speaker_heading: LISA(cont 'd)
dialog: Play your heart out and when that’s
dialog: not enough..kiss ass, have sex with
dialog: a booster, do whatever it takes to
dialog: hang on..because after what we
dialog: had...you have.. real life is a
dialog: killer.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS - NIGHT 115
text: To see Lisa in a very underpopulated commuter train car. She
dialog: simply must find surcease.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE'S APT. - NIGHT 116
text: As he sits at his computer trying to write a letter. It is a
text: warm night and his large window is open at his elbow. We move
text: in on his computer..but just as we begin to read he hits the
text: delete key sweeping away two paragraphs and leaving just,
text: “Dear Dad." His phone rings. He mishits the phone as he
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hello.
text: Even though he has yet to engage the phone he vaguely hears
dialog: Lisa.
speaker_heading: LISA‘S VOICE
dialog: Hello?
text: He hits the right phone key.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Hi.
text: Puzzled now by having seemingly heard Lisa's distant voice
text: without benefit of a phone connection. He leans out his
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: Lisa standing beneath his window..phone in hand. She is
dialog: working real hard at being the casual, immediate,
dialog: uncomplicated girl she was so recently. But in this time of
dialog: distress it is just faux real folk.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: How you doing?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Good. You okay?
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 108.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Uh-huh. Sure am. Hope it‘s not too
dialog: late to call.
text: She turns around and looks up at the window..he leans away
text: from the window.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. What's going on?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Nothing. Just that we made
dialog: indefinite plans to hang out and I
dialog: was trying to nail them
dialog: down..schedule my week.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Well, anytime, though soon would be
dialog: advisable.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (snorting at the
dialog: preposterous thought)
dialog: I guess it’s too late for tonight.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. Not at all. I am waiting for a
dialog: call from my friend if she has her
dialog: baby tonight..but we can deal with
dialog: that if it happens.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay. Well, what the heck. Let’s
dialog: take a shot. I can be there
dialog: in...less than a half hour.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: This time of night it could be
dialog: faster.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Good. I hope so.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay. I'11 see you soon and we'll
dialog: just hang out. I mean, do you feel
dialog: like hanging out?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay, so we'll do it.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE'S APT. - NIGHT
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON LISA
text: 20 minutes later as she kills time. She glances at he:
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE'S APT - NIGHT
dialog: 109.
dialog: 117
dialog: i watch.
dialog: 118
text: There igs a knock on the door.. .he opens it and Lisa enters.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I think I should go.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Because I’m nuts and I seem to be
dialog: going around dumping this nutty
dialog: person on every nice person T know.
dialog: I was downstairs when I called you.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: And you weren't going to say
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I just didn’t want to...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Embarrass me?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Some cousin of that.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You look good. You look rested. But
text: everyone looks rested to me.
dialog: George, help me out.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 110.
text: He stands poised to do anything.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: With?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I can’t stop griping. You're the
dialog: one who said it. “Did you ever want
dialog: to delete everything you said just
dialog: as you finished saying it?” And I
dialog: thought that was the strangest
dialog: thing and lately I hear myself
dialog: being so weak, and whiny and needy
dialog: that I wish I could dele...
text: George quite suddenly clamps a hand over her mouth..She is
dialog: surprised..feels a little violated, in fact..the observant
text: will note that she actually has made a fist.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LISA'S EYES
text: As they appear over George’s hand and she tries to make sense
dialog: of the situation.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I think the answer to what you’re
dialog: talking about is to stop talking.
dialog: Just deny a voice to the thing that
text: is falling apart. No lip service.
dialog: That's my advice. Which I think I
dialog: got from you. Sorry to handle you
dialog: and the situation like this but it
dialog: was an impulse. I’m letting go now.
dialog: (noticing the fist)
dialog: Don't hit me.
speaker_heading: ON LISA‘S EYES
text: As they reflect understanding and gratitude just before he
text: releases her...She takes a breath..touches him lightly in
text: gratitude and moves away to sit down. The phone rings.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: Hey. Really...how much? How do you
dialog: feel?...Yeah sure..now..can I bring
dialog: a friend? See you soon.
text: He hangs up.
dialog: 119
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 111.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (to Lisa)
dialog: She had the baby. I’m going over.
dialog: You want to come?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No. I’d be in the way and..
dialog: (she stops herself/mock
dialog: stronger)
dialog: Sure. Okay. Thanks.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT 119
text: As George and Lisa sit in Annie’s hospital room..Her parents
text: are just leaving. Annie has a sleeping baby in her arms..and
text: is trying to hostess the coming and going..
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hey, boss..Look what I found. .
dialog: {to Lisa)
dialog: And you’ re?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Lisa.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (enormously pleased)
dialog: Wow. Mom..Dad..that’s boss and..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: George Madison.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Good to see you, George.. Lisa..
dialog: Annie has told us about you both.
text: Lisa is mystified. As they turn to wave to Annie..
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Thanks guys and remember Dad there
dialog: are lotsa of tv shows with single
dialog: mom heroines.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I'm fine. It's fine. Everybody's
dialog: healthy. That‘s it.
dialog: (to Lisa)
dialog: Yhat's it, right?
text: Lisa is mystified.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: They exit.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It’s killing him..
dialog: (to Lisa)
dialog: Nice to meet you finally.
text: Lisa is distracted by the size of the baby.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Gee whiz.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: 10 pounds 10. And I'm three days
dialog: early.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You exhausted?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh..I’m slap happy.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: World's luckiest baby.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (pointedly to Lisa)
dialog: Leave it to boss to say the great
dialog: thing.
text: The phone rings.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello..You're here? Fourth floor.
dialog: Oh well, then just ask for Double
dialog: Didget’s room. That’s what we're
dialog: all calling him for now.
dialog: (sheepishly to her baby)
dialog: Your dad is here.
dialog: 112.
text: George and Lisa smile and start to go. Lisa lingers for a
text: second to peek at the baby..they turn and George turns to see
text: his father enter the room. This Chinatown moment is immediate
text: and visceral --- George speaks in the hushed tone of the
dialog: broken.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. .NO.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 113.
text: Lisa glances up. George is on the verge of a seizure as
text: Charles is nudged out the room's doorway by a heavyset man
text: carrying flowers and an old model video camera..His name is
dialog: AL.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: {quickly transitioning to
dialog: Al)
dialog: Hi. Congratulations on the birth of
dialog: your baby.
text: Al leans forward and hugs Annie, kisses the baby on the head.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (to Charles)
dialog: It was very nice for you to come
dialog: by, Mr. Madison.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Just wanted to drop this off..Tell
dialog: you not to worry about your job in
dialog: any way.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, that’s oh-my-God great to
dialog: hear.
text: Charles, having scored his point, looks around.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (to George)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Tops.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Thought you might be here. Would
dialog: you like to talk - go over
dialog: anything..Any new thoughts?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. Not yet.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You're thinking things out.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Not at this precise moment. I’m on
text: a break.
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 114.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: There's a time factor that I can no
dialog: longer shield you from.
dialog: (noticing Lisa)
dialog: You a relative of Annie’s?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'm a friend of George. Lisa.
text: Charles eyes her more closely and extends his hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Good to meet you. Call me Charles.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I spoke to George minutes after he
dialog: met you for the first time.
text: Lisa is mystified.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No kidding.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Yes..So I was the first to know.
text: Lisa is mystified.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Outstanding.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I'm his father.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh. Good to see you.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: That's nice of you to say. Okay,
dialog: all..I Love you, son. Goodnight
dialog: everyone.
text: Charles exits. George is still coming down from what he
text: briefly thought.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (to George)
dialog: Boss, when he walked in..You didn’t
dialog: think?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 115.
text: George concedes that he did with a look.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You poor guy.
text: Al and Lisa exchange greetings. Al is flushed with visceral
text: pleasure. Annie looks over at him...eye contact that contains
text: the d.n.a. of all that is good and produces huge grins.
speaker_heading: ON AL
text: The moment of his life is upon him. He walks over to George
text: and whispers as he hands him his video camera.
dialog: Hey?! I'm SHORE). do something
dialog: record it..Red button.
text: (he sits on the bed facing
dialog: the mother of his child)
dialog: I got to say something..to you. For
dialog: christ's sake to the two of you. I
dialog: don’t want you to think the reason
dialog: we aren’t married is because I
dialog: think anyone else is anything. It’s
dialog: because I am 47 and a failure.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I’11 kill you - you talk like that.
text: During this exchange Lisa feels she is somehow violating
text: their privacy and is trying to make her getaway but she can’t
text: get George’s attention. Nonetheless she decides to exit and
text: walks to the door.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: I’1l get work I guess..but no
dialog: seniority anymore or...but don’t
dialog: get me sidetracked. The reason I
dialog: didn’t talk marriage is I couldn’t
dialog: stand to see you -- the princess of
dialog: worry -- weighted down by me and my
dialog: limited prospects.
text: And now he has Lisa’s attention. She pauses at the door.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Because I get your worry. And
dialog: people could think that’s the bad
dialog: thing about you but I get that it’s
dialog: because of your great heart..and I
dialog: love you for it.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 116.
speaker_heading: AL (cont'd)
dialog: And then I worried about what would
dialog: happen to you - and now the little
dialog: hulk - if you ended up with someone
dialog: who thought your worry was --
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Neurotic?
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Yes. Someone who didn’t get
dialog: you..who made you feel bad about
dialog: yourself..who wanted you to be more
dialog: normal..who wanted you to like
dialog: yourself more. Who wanted you to
dialog: change. Who didn’t love all of it.
dialog: Who wouldn’t leave great enough
dialog: alone. And, -- I didn’t sleep,
dialog: man...I thought I can do that for
dialog: you...and that was a legitimate
dialog: function for me in your life.
text: Annie cheers as if at a ballgame.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: And that allows me to propose to
dialog: you that we get married.
text: Annie blubbers. Al is emotional. Lisa is rapt. Al hugs
text: Annie..Lisa and George applaud as Annie and Al have a brief
dialog: and intimate exchange.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You‘re not scared anymore.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: I am. But scared is a step up from
dialog: terror and terror is what I feel
dialog: about losing you.
text: Annie gasps. Al holds her in this, their quintessential
text: moment. Al looks at George and says through tear glazed eyes.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Did you get it?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (stricken)
dialog: Oh my God..I just got caught up
dialog: with what you were saying. .
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (this can’t have happened)
dialog: You didn’t get it?
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 117.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No.
text: Annie has missed this exchange due to being blissed out.
dialog: Al
dialog: He didn’t get it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (stricken)
dialog: He didn’t get it????
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I can’t tell you how...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (driving force)
dialog: Come on..right away - let‘s do it
dialog: again. Just do it now..go ahead,
dialog: Al. We'll record it.
dialog: Al is willing but there is a problem.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Who knows what I said?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I. sure do..
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Let's just think and piece this
dialog: together right away..
text: Everyone is wiping tears away as they agree to try. Al gets
dialog: to his initial position when he said his piece. George, as
text: deliberately as possible, pushes the record switch. What
dialog: follows is very informal..some improvs called for; people
text: talking on top of one another..this group exercise is marked
dialog: by great spirit and enormous light heartedness. .but still
text: real dedication to the task at hand..recreating the proposal.
speaker_heading: ON AL
text: As he takes his highly self-conscious shot.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: I didn't want you to think that the
dialog: reason I didn't ask to get married
dialog: was because I ever had a thought of
dialog: anyone else...
dialog: He’s stuck.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 118.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (to Al)
dialog: You said it was because you had no
dialog: prospects. You used the word
dialog: “failure.”
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (to Annie)
dialog: It's because I don’t want to saddle
dialog: you with a 47 year old failure.
text: Lisa comes in quickly.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Annie..”I‘11 kill you if..”
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: {laughing)
dialog: Thanks. “I’11 kill you if you talk
dialog: like that.”
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Then you said that you didn’t want
dialog: her to end up with ..
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Someone who wanted her to change
dialog: what she couldn’t change..
text: Annie’s line grounds things. The laughter stops---the import
dialog: and dignity return -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (cont ‘ d)
dialog: Someone who didn’t get me.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: There was that whole list.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (primarily to Annie)
dialog: He was worried that you’d be with
dialog: someone who made you feel bad about
dialog: yourself...who wanted you to like
dialog: yourself in a different way. Who
dialog: wanted you to change. Who didn’t
dialog: love all of you.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 119.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (primarily to Al}
dialog: You said that protecting her from
dialog: that - appreciating her the way you
dialog: do..was a legitimate function for
dialog: you in her life.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Wow. I said that?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I feel like you're all proposing to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: And then I asked you to marry me.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No, no, no! What you said was...
dialog: (enunciating very
dialog: carefully)
dialog: *I propose to you that we get
dialog: married.”
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: And you called him, “little hulk,”
dialog: which, I don’t know why, is my
dialog: favorite thing. I love you so much,
dialog: Al. Thanks everybody.
dialog: {to George)
dialog: I think we have it.
text: He stops recording. She holds her arms out and gives him a
dialog: hug.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm so worried about you.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Please don’t.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Let her be.
text: George nods..claps Al on the back. Lisa approaches Annie and
text: has to laugh even as she says the nuclear understatement.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, it was nice meeting you.
text: They hug. Annie laughs as well.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 120.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Nice meeting you too. I love you.
dialog: And that cracks them up because, like they say, “it’s funny
dialog: because it’s true.”
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (helplessly)
dialog: Me too.
text: George is truly digging Lisa. And now the awkwardness as they
text: nod and exit.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - NIGHT 120
dialog: The awful thing is the sharp change in their ethos. A second
dialog: ago they seemed a couple..and now, that quickly, much like
text: Double Digit so recently experienced, they are thrust from
text: that warm, safe, womb like space into the awkward starkness
text: of the real world. There is considerable culture shock as
text: they walk toward the exit of the hospital self-consciously,
text: the space between them as they walk widening in small
text: increments.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - BUS STOP - NIGHT 121
text: As they exit - (some horrible but legit sign about heaith
text: insurance regulations in the background.) It’s a warm night,
text: light breeze blowing, streetlights providing just the right
text: light and each of them still looking for a proper punctuation
text: to the recent experience. A small but persistent shyness has
dialog: come into their atmosphere.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Thanks...
text: She is surprised that the word comes out with difficulty ..
text: She is still a bit choked up. She laughs slightly and gives
text: it another go. There is an unmistakable shyness.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Thanks for the soul food. I'11 just
dialog: catch my bus over there?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I‘1l wait with you.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: {softly)
dialog: Okay, good. Thanks.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 121.
text: And then, with such ill timing that they each take it in with
text: a bit of horror, the bus turns the corner. Lisa shrugs. And
text: then, as she boards the bus, notes that George already has
text: his back to her and is walking away. As the bus starts up.
speaker_heading: ON GEORGE
text: So sullen at being cheated out of his moment with Lisa that
text: an outburst escapes him just as Lisa, aboard the bus, passes
text: unnoticed in the background.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: {to the heavens)
dialog: I can't catch a break!
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE STREET
text: As George continues to walk and sees that Lisa has gotten off
text: the bus at the next street. She jogs his way.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What? I saw you..shouting and all
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. Just weird that you were off
dialog: that fast.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, I can wait for the next bus.
dialog: You just charged away.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yeah. Okay.
text: Looking up the deserted street.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Well, I think we'll have some time
dialog: now. Won’t....
text: Another bus appears...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I think it’s the opposite of a bus
dialog: strike.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09
text: She nods with a half smile -- it was sort of clever
dialog: let it pass.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (continued)
dialog: Won’t Matty be worried?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Ummm. I didn’t tell you we’re not
dialog: living together right now? I
dialog: thought I did.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. I would have remembered.
dialog: 122.
dialog: . As they
text: The bus stops near them. The driver steps out and lights a
text: cigarette. The bus’ sign shows a change of route
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You’ve got till I finish this.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Okay. Thanks.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (to Lisa}
dialog: Go ahead. .Matty?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: We're still working on it froma
dialog: different slant..he gets back
dialog: tomorrow. He’s throwing me a
dialog: belated birthday party tomorrow
dialog: night. Going all out. Not my choice
dialog: but when you're in something you’ve
dialog: got to give it everything you have.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Makes sense. Am I invited?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (totally thrown)
dialog: Sure..but it’s a very testosterony
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Se I am invited?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Sure. What are you talking about?
dialog: Of course.
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 123.
text: The driver tosses his cigarette and reboards the bus as Lisa
text: starts to follow him.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: When is your birthday?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Tonight...
text: She leans over and gives him a kiss on the cheek.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGE'S APT. - NIGHT 122
text: As he enters propelled by the confusion flying away from his
dialog: mind and spirit. One shouted word...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Clarity!
text: He goes to the table near the ever open window where we
text: briefly see and read bits of the worksheets (reading REASONS
dialog: FOR AND REASONS AGAINST...The top line on one, “fT don’t want
dialog: to go to jail.” On the other, “I don’t want my father to
text: spend the rest of his life in jail.”) He crumples the sheets,
text: tosses them and speed dials his father who answers before one
text: ring is finished.
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN
scene_heading: INT. CHARLES’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 123
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: George.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I think I figured it out. I don’t
dialog: want to talk right now. I'11 come
dialog: see you tomorrow night.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Well, could you give me some
dialog: indication.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: George, I...
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 124.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I know. You love me. I love you
dialog: too. Tomorrow.
scene_heading: 124 EXT. CHARLES AND MATTY‘S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT 124
text: UPBEAT MUSIC as George approaches. . she has worked on his
text: look..best suit, tie etc. He looks great. In front of the
text: pbuilding, a card table has peen set up manned by two of the
dialog: ballplayers we have previously seen at the parties. They are
text: in the process of very reluctantly denying admission to two
dialog: gorgeous girls.
speaker_heading: GORGEOUS GIRL
dialog: Why text us if you’re not going to
dialog: let us in?
speaker_heading: BALL PLAYER
dialog: Because I didn’t know Matty wasn’t
dialog: going to allow fun.
speaker_heading: GORGEOUS GIRL
dialog: Well, don't ever invite us again to
dialog: anything. I feel degraded.
speaker_heading: BALL PLAYER
dialog: Okay...I’m sorry, I'll give you
dialog: three hundred dollars and my phone
dialog: number .
speaker_heading: GORGEOUS GIRL
dialog: Alright.
text: George enters in the background.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
text: Going to the party, George.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Not yet.
scene_heading: 125 INT. CHARLES APARTMENT HALLWAY - NIGHT 125
text: George knocks on his father’s door. Charles answers it.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (tense)
dialog: Hi, son. Just a minute, my lawyers
dialog: were just leaving.
dialog: 126
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 125.
text: And so they begin to file out...endlessly..maybe 20 of
dialog: them..we don't wait for the last to appear.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY’S WALK IN CLOSET - NIGHT 126
text: We hear him telling Lisa, off-camera, how great it is to see
text: her as he leads her toward us. He is carrying a garbage bag --
text: some of the following speech is off-camera.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I haven’t gone without a woman so
dialog: long since I had mono in high
dialog: school but it felt -- well you saw
dialog: the box scores, three one inning
dialog: stints, three up, three down, top
dialog: five player of the month talk..
text: He goes to the tooth brush @rawer and dumps them in the bag,
text: he goes to the sweat outfit drawer and begins dumping them.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You're not going to throw them
dialog: away?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yeah. It's a statement.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Give them to a hospital or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: MANNA
dialog: Great idea. The clubhouse guy will
dialog: take care of it. And no unattached
dialog: women allowed tonight..One guy is
dialog: bringing his sister. .Now.
text: He sits her down in his “valet chair." The kind with a
text: mahogany wooden hanger, little wooden dish for cuff links,
dialog: and little cane seat.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I get to give you a gift.
text: She eyes him -- churning. There is a paper Tiffany bag
text: suddenly in evidence. This is clearly an important moment
text: coming up..some flower strewn crossroads..she is gripped by a
text: tightness which she hopes is excitement but might be terror.
text: There seems to be only one course open to her and she takes
dialog: it.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 126.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I have to pee.
scene_heading: 127 INT. CHARLES APARTMENT - HALLWAY - NIGHT 127
text: Charles sits and indicates the chair for George.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No, thanks. I have to get
dialog: someplace.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You look ...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Great? I'm shooting for great
dialog: tonight. Okay..I know you want the
dialog: bottom line but do you care about
dialog: my reasoning?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (wisely lying)
dialog: Yes, of course.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: First thing..and it was an all
dialog: nighter to get there..you know,
dialog: same as in anything the answer
dialog: starts with asking the right
dialog: question..And the question here
dialog: wasn't whether I go to jail or you
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It wasn’t?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No. The question was will I go to
dialog: jail for three years..or live for
dialog: 25 years feeling awful because of
dialog: your being in jail.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Very good.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I went over different scenarios to
dialog: get varying perspectives. If I had
dialog: Children I wouldn’t consider going
dialog: to jail.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 127.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: But you don't.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Right. Or, if I had someone crucial
dialog: to the life I want for myself; it
dialog: would be perverse - some
dialog: denunciation of the experience of
dialog: life itself, if I gave that up.
text: Charles prepares to take some very rough medicine.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Well, that's an extreme point of
dialog: view..Do you have such a person?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: T.....- don’t ......- know.
dialog: I am going downstairs and somehow
dialog: find out. There’s a party. She’s
dialog: there. There’s another guy.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You mean she may be unavailable?
text: Just the words kills him. Robs him briefly of his exuberance.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Tean‘ thinkthatwayrightnowthendon't.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What?
text: George tries to think of his thought..and does.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I can’t think that way right now.
dialog: ‘Cause I’m going down there and
dialog: take my shot..If I don’t have a
dialog: chance with her I‘1l1 go to jail for
dialog: you, Dad..But if I have any chance
dialog: at ali, I can’t..
dialog: (takes an excited breath)
dialog: Wish me luck.
text: And so he exits.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (wanly)
dialog: Good luck.
dialog: 128
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 128.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY’S APT. - WALK IN CLOSET - NIGHT 128
text: As Matty arranges a small Tiffany’s paper bag on the floor
text: near the valet chair. Lisa enters from the toilet. Matty
text: indicates she should sit in the chair again. He picks up the
text: small bag and waves it...then suddenly realizes the
dialog: impression he is giving; which might have screwed up
text: everything which would make him a moron. He quickly blurts
text: out a key fact to avoid crushing Lisa with disappointment.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: It’s not a ring.
dialog: (on her reaction)
dialog: Well, you don’t have to look so
dialog: relieved.
text: She smooches him on the head, patching his ego leak. Now she
dialog: sits.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Okay. Maybe I don't get on a knee
dialog: for this but...
text: He bows more like a curtsey. It is sweet. She is touched.
text: Matty takes a breath; scaling a great mountain with great
text: uncertainty as to the purpose. He takes out a box and hands
text: it to her..She starts to unwrap it carefully.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Come on, not so slow.
text: He actually starts to rip at it..She joins him in a shared
text: light moment and looks inside.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa..It's gorgeous.
dialog: But...it’s gorgeous.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: But what?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Just thinking about when I would
dialog: wear it.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I‘ll take you places.
text: She now removes an eleven thousand dollar watch circled in
dialog: diamonds.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 129.
dialog: -~
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Do you not get the meaning?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (no idea whatsoever)
dialog: Um..that time is..what? That it‘s
dialog: our time to have a new kind of time
dialog: that..
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: It means that we’re engaged to be
dialog: engaged.
text: Lisa looks on the back of the watch.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: It doesn’t say it. You just know
dialog: it..my father gave my mother a
dialog: watch and four years later they
dialog: were engaged.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: o~ MATTY
dialog: Don't say,”okay.” Ask anyone.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It’s beautiful. Thank you.
text: Matty looks disappointed.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, I don’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (coaching)
dialog: You’re blown away?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I’m blown away.
text: Matty grins..suddenly George sticks his head in the door. He
text: sees them.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Oh, sorry.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Hey. You showed?
dialog: 
dialog: 129
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 130.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes. I'll be right out here.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Good to see you.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Thanks.
text: He ducks out.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: We better get going. Our first
text: party as a couple.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What were we those other times?
text: He hugs her.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S LIVING ROOM ~ NIGHT 129
text: All the ball players crowded in as a man with a jump suit and
text: a JET HELICOPTER LOGO on his back carries in two large crates
text: of live lobster to the kitchen. He is moving with
text: considerable speed. .some of the ballplayers applaud.
speaker_heading: ON GEORGE
text: As he pauses on the outskirts of the gathering. .from his
text: pocket he takes a small jar shaped gift wrapped box.
speaker_heading: GEORGE'S POV
text: As Lisa enters the room and starts to head over, then shrugs
text: helplessly, as Matty intercepts her to show off her new
text: watch.. There are SEVERAL REACTION SHOTS from the players and
text: their women to the watch. George moves to the terrace where a
text: buffet line has already formed for the LOBSTER..
speaker_heading: ON LISA
text: Her arm extended showing her watch while her head cranes
dialog: looking for George.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Let me go find George, he doesn’t
dialog: know anybody.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (uncomfortable then)
dialog: I‘11 come with you.
dialog: 
dialog: 130
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 131.
text: As they start for the terrace, Matty is waylaid by Tori (the
text: Japanese pitcher.) He is with the girl whose bodice caught
dialog: his note. She clearly loves the guy-
speaker_heading: ON LISA
text: As George comes Up behind her and forcefully moves her out to
dialog: the terrace..---
scene_heading: EXT. MATTY’S APT. - ‘TERRACE - NIGHT : 130
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I have to talk with you.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Sure. How you doing?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Pretty good.. heightened awareness,
dialog: anxious, excited.. I got you 4
dialog: gift.
text: He hands her the package. She sits at a small metal outdoor
text: table. She opens it elaborately and slowly. He waits
text: patiently. Somehow she becomes aware of a strange rush of
dialog: appreciation for this small fact - that briefly though
text: enormously touches her. She stops unwrapping to look at him
text: and unconsciously say 4 mouthful.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Thanks for not rushing me.
text: George reacts to the screaming subtext as, finally, she sees
text: the gift. And whatever petals of hers were just opening slam
text: shut. She is puzzled. His stock has clearly fallen.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Man, you are odd.
dialog: We now see the gift. It is the can of Play-Doh George took
dialog: from his office. We will also have seen it in the background
dialog: of a few shots jn his apartment -
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Odd good or odd bad?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, I‘ma fan of regular.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 132.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: That's only half the gift. It's
dialog: nothing without the story. The
dialog: story makes it regular.
text: She is skeptical - he starts selling hard.
speaker_heading: SHOT
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (continued)
dialog: This stuff was invented by a man in
dialog: central Ohio as a white goo used to
dialog: remove soot from wallpaper, which
dialog: got really filthy from old
dialog: fashioned heating.
text: Perhaps the world’s first look of a woman's wrist circled by
text: a diamond watch while her hand holds a can of Play-Doh.
dialog: Lisa (her
dialog: thoughts,
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (continued)
dialog: So as gas and electric heating came
dialog: in there was no more need for this
dialog: cleaning goo. The guy was going
dialog: under, everything he based his life
dialog: on was coming to an end. Then his
dialog: sister-in-law who was a nursery
dialog: school teacher...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: This is a true story?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (triumphantly)
dialog: The man’s name was Joe McVicker,
dialog: his sister-in-law was Kay zoofall.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay, I believe you.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Kay Zoofall discovered that her
dialog: little kids liked squeezing the goo
text: a lot more than hard modeling clay.
dialog: She suggested to her brother-in-law
dialog: Joe that they color the stuff and
dialog: call it Play-Doh.
dialog: life spent on a foundation of motivational
text: sentences and stories) is jazzed by the tale.
dialog: 
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 133.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Hey. .nice.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: So I just kept this around. .for
dialog: proof that we're just one small
dialog: adjustment away from making our
dialog: lives work. You can see why I
dialog: thought of this for you.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Take back what you said about me
dialog: being odd.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Fair enough.
dialog: (she brandishes the gift)
dialog: Thanks. I’m going to put it away
dialog: before anyone asks me what I’m
dialog: doing with it. I could never tell
dialog: that story as well as you do.
text: She exits. George watches her go. So does Matty who now
text: approaches George.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Hey, you try the lobster?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You should.
dialog: (looking at his watch)
dialog: One hour and fifty-one minutes ago
text: it was swimming in the ocean.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Way to go.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (a beat. then)
dialog: You messing with me?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Yeah. Unintended and unwarranted
dialog: but, yeah.... Sorry.
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 134.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Did Lisa show you the watch?
text: Before George can answer.. .the bullpen guys approach. .Doug
text: (the man of few words), Ryan (who caused Matty to realize
dialog: that he was in love) and Tori who we have just seen with his
dialog: gal.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: We got a big announcement .
text: Matty ad libs intros to “Lisa's friend, George.”
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: So what's the announcement?
dialog: I’m in love BRP), will get married.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Serendipity.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (to George)
dialog: He met his girl when we were all in
dialog: the bullpen discussing how you know
dialog: when you're in love.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Great question.
text: Lisa approaches. Matty, 2 little pugnaciously, seeks to put
text: George on the spot.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Got an answer? We got an answer.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Let's see.
text: He concentrates. It is a weirdly long beat.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: You can get back to us.
text: The players laugh. But George has a bead on the answer.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You're in this space that hasn‘t
dialog: existed before and the only two
dialog: things you know is that you are in
dialog: this space, and..
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 135.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont 'd)
dialog: (he sees Lisa)
dialog: As “odd" ag that is, the only other
dialog: thing you are just as sure of is
dialog: that she’s in there with you.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yeah, that’s close to our thing.
text: Doug notes Lisa’s reaction to George.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: {to Matty)
text: Curtains.
text: He walks to Lisa. She is staggered but hanging onto
text: propriety. She tries to treat it lightly.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What’s with you tonight?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I need to talk to you. Really. And
dialog: that means I have to get you out of
dialog: this party. And if that feels out
dialog: of the question to you; there's
dialog: probably nothing to talk about.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Show him the watch.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'm going to wait at the bus stop
text: for the next ---SEVEN DAYS. .No.
dialog: T’1l hang out there a while.
text: He leaves.
speaker_heading: ON LISA
dialog: She goes through the five stages of compliance..what are they
dialog: again? Amusement, confusion, awkwardness, resistance,
text: decision. With decision she tugs at Matty's sleeve to
text: indicate she needs a moment of privacy with him. They walk to
dialog: another area. .Matty with the airs of confidence...once they
text: find their spot. Before she can speak.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Don’t dump me.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Matty, I think you’re moving a
dialog: little too quickly.
dialog: i)
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 136.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: First time I've been accused of
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You can’t make important decisions
dialog: when your head is mush. And tonight
dialog: is extremely confusing to me..
dialog: George never...Maybe I’1l just go
dialog: hang out with him. I don’t know
dialog: what to do at these parties
dialog: anyway..And this isn't really for
dialog: my birthday...none of my friends
dialog: are here.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: That was my mistake..should have
dialog: thought of that. Too little, too
dialog: late and stupid. I can learn from
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You're fine, you’re sweet, you're
dialog: fun..
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: All the hot words.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: This is positive. We're not ducking
dialog: anything. .Everything’s out in the
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You know what. Go ahead. Hang out.
dialog: But I want you to take in that I’m
dialog: the kind of guy who has the
dialog: confidence to say that. That’s key
dialog: to any decision you make.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Got it.
text: She puts the diamond watch on the valet chair tray..She looks
dialog: at him...this parting not easy for either one..Matty is
text: trying to duck the unique pang which is enveloping him. With
dialog: utter lack of conviction:
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I’m confident.
text: She ig touched. She hugs him and exits.
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 137.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING LOBBY/STREET - NIGHT 131
text: As Lisa exits the elevator and her steps quicken a bit. She
text: sees the doorman...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DOORMAN AND HIS POV
text: As he looks down the street where George looks disconsolate. -
text: The doorman blows his whistle. George looks up. He sees the
text: doorman point and then Lisa is on the street; the doorman
text: directing her toward George, who has lit up.-Lisa moves
text: toward him more somber. .
scene_heading: EXT. ANGLE ON SMALL TERRACE - NIGHT 132
text: Charles stand there looking down.
speaker_heading: CHARLES POV
text: As he sees his son standing alone. Bummed. And then a beat,
text: George turns and takes on a new energy - Lisa enters the frame
text: moving toward him.
speaker_heading: ON CHARLES
text: As he reacts and then turns to enter his apartment to begin
text: mounting his defense.
scene_heading: "XT. BUS STOP - NIGHT 133
speaker_heading: LISA'S POV
text: George wearing a grin more slap happy than romantic. Lisa
text: more somber.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: What should we do? Are you hungry?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: O£ course.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I have Annie's stuff.
text: pisa nods..she is having a hard time taking in the beaming
text: George. .The bus arrives...
dialog: 134
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 138.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT 134
text: Lisa and George sitting together. .George continues to look at
text: her but fails to make eye contact. “Lisa steels peeks at
text: him... not overjoyed by his seeming deliverance.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You know what‘s amazing..---- do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LISA.
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: All the worst things happened to me
dialog: and if they hadn't we wouldn’t be
dialog: here now, So. “really something...
dialog: Is something wrong?
text: Liga reacts by burying her head in her hands and rubbing her
text: hands through her hair.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, yes--
text: She buries her face in her hands..
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Do you have a problem with me?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'd sure like to know what it is.
text: She looks at him directly for the first time.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You're in love with me and I'm on a
dialog: second date.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (agreeing)
dialog: That sums it up-
scene_heading: END CREDITS BEGIN:
dialog: 135
scene_heading: WHITE DRAFT 5/29/09 139.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE'S APT - NIGHT 135
text: As we look in from the street.
text: The windows open..Lisa at the refrigerator taking out some
text: food. George leans over to help her. Lisa exits to the next
dialog: room.
text: We see Lisa enter the living room and place plates on the
text: table by the window; as George puts their dinner in the
text: microwave in the adjoining kitchen window.
text: Lisa stands still and tall and thinks..she is, at this
text: moment, the poster girl for “private moments.” Her thought is
text: as nervous making as it is insistent. She decides, after a
text: long layoff from same, to trust her instincts. She exits
dialog: frame.
text: George turns as she enters the kitchen. She kisses him.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
