dialog: ‘Hy
speaker_heading: HUSTLE & FLOW
scene_heading: AN ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
speaker_heading: BY
speaker_heading: CRAIG BREWER
dialog: Original White Shooting Script
dialog: Revised: 6/24/04 (White)
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S CHEVY - DAY
text: IN DARKNESS, we hear the sound of a struggling air
text: conditioner. Three circles glow red - the reverse side of an
text: old Chevy Capri cigarette lighter as it burns to life.
text: A subtle 808 pounding is heard: BOOM... BOOM... BOOM...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: See, man ain’t like a dog.
text: Pop! The pounding stops.
text: The lighter ejects. D.Jay lights a cigarette and speaks to
text: someone sitting shotgun in his parked car. D.Jay is an
text: intense looking, black man in his thirties.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m talkin’ about mankind, not man like
dialog: men, cuz men... well, we a lot like a
dialog: dog. You know we... piss on things. Sniff
dialog: a bitch when we can, get a pink hard-on
dialog: like they do. And we territorial. You
dialog: know, we protect our own.
dialog: {a quick drag)
dialog: But, man... he know about death. He got
dialog: religion. Got a sense of history. Dogs
dialog: don’t know shit about birthdays or
dialog: Christmas or that one day God gonna come
dialog: callin’. So they walkin’ through life,
dialog: you know, carefree. But people like you
dialog: and me, we always guessin’. Always
dialog: wantin’ to know “what if”, naw what I
dialog: mean?
text: D.Jay scans the street quickly and turns back.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: So when you say to me, hey, I don’t think
dialog: we should be doin’ this. I gotta say, uh-
dialog: huh. I don’t think we should be doin’
dialog: this neither. But we ain’t gonna get a
dialog: move on in this world layin’ in the sun,
dialog: lickin’ our ass all day. We men. I mean,
dialog: you a woman, but we man.
text: (D.Jay leans back,
dialog: confident}
dialog: That said... you tell me. What’chu wanna
dialog: do with your life?
text: Although she is white, NOLA opts to wear long blond mini-
text: braids like most of the black topless dancers at the local
text: clubs. She is, to her best recollection, 20 years old.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD}
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 1
text: Nola thinks. Struggles. Shrugs. Thinks some more. An idea.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I don’t know. I guess I could...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Hold up.
text: A car pulls alongside of D.Jay’s Chevy. A beady-eyed, bearded
text: Man with pasty white skin examines Nola.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: How it go, Cuz? Like what ya see?
dialog: (He continues to stare)
text: It break down to 20 in the front. 40 in
dialog: the back.
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (D.Jay turns to Nola)
dialog: Hey. Go’on over and explain it to this
dialog: mother-fucker.
text: Nola steps out of the Chevy wearing yellow hot pants and
text: platform high heels. She marches towards the trick’s car and
text: climbs in. D.Jay watches the car drive off as he takes
dialog: another drag.
text: It’s a slow, hot day in Memphis.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OPENING CREDITS
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S CHEVY - DAY
text: D.Jay and Nola are driving downtown in the Chevy. Nola is
text: daydreaming while D.Jay tries to find a good tune on the old,
dialog: push button, radio. Nothing sounds good - commercials.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
text: Nothin’ but jive and junk.
scene_heading: EXT. ARNEL’S CLUB - DAY
text: D.Jay’s beat-up Chevy rolls on shiny rims as it turns into
text: the parking lot of ARNEL’S CLUB - an urban Juke joint.
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 3.
scene_heading: INT. ARNEL’S CLUB - DAY
text: Nola and D.Jay enter through the front door just as ARNEL
text: tosses a babbiing DRUNK at them.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Goddamn !
text: Arnel is short and small like a black bulldog, but he’s full
text: of spit for a man in his fifties. He shouts at the drunk.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: Pull that shit again, nigga, and I'll
dialog: black boot ya to hell. You heard me!
text: The drunk tries to shout back, but D.Jay grabs him by the
text: hair and tosses his ass out.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Get on, now!
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: Thanks, D.
text: Nola watches with wide eyes as Arnel examines the blood
text: soaked face of the assaulted patron.
speaker_heading: ARNEL (CONT'D)
text: Take an angry drunk over a crazy one.
dialog: Angry drunk, you see somethin’ like this
dialog: comin’. But them crazies...
dialog: (puts bar towel on the
dialog: man’s nose)
dialog: Just hold that towel on it. We’1l get’cha
dialog: stitched.
dialog: {crosses to D.Jay)
dialog: I think that sun out there is bakin’
dialog: peoples brains.
text: D.Jay leans on the bar. Nola climbs onto the stool and spins
text: around like she is a five year old.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: D.Jay, he keep the air on, and all, but
dialog: it don’t do nothin’ but blow more hot air
dialog: in my face. So I just stay sticky all day
dialog: long...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Just say it’s hot.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: {(CONTTNURFD)
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 3A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 5
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Always gotta walk around the block with
dialog: yo trap smackin’ just to get a yes or no.
dialog: It’s hot. Period. Boom.
text: Arnel hands Nola an orange pop and D.Jay a beer.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD |
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 4.
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUED: (2) 5
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: Wanna see my kitchen?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I’1l take a peek.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 6 INT. ARNEL’S KITCHEN - LATER - DAY
text: Arnel and D.Jay huddle in the back storage room of the
text: kitchen - Arnel already has his wallet out.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You lookin’ for a half or a full “oO?”
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: Ounce’1l be good. Fourth comin’ up and
dialog: all.
text: D.Jay reaches into his back pocket and removes an ounce of
text: pot in a clear sandwich bag.
speaker_heading: ARNEL (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey. You remember that sticky herb you
dialog: brung up to my brother’s house for Play-
dialog: offs?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (holds up the bag)
dialog: That ain’t this, now. That’s a whole
dialog: ‘nother zip-lock bag. Fuckin’ prime
dialog: product you talkin’. I use them “yellow-
dialog: and-blue-make-green” bags on that shit.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: How much notice you need?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Little Italian dude from Nawlin’s bring
dialog: me up an elbow every couple a weeks.
dialog: What? You need a bag?
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: We got some big company come up in here
dialog: for the fourth. Thought you may wanna get
dialog: you some money.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Big company?
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: You remember Skinny? Skinny Black.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 5.
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED: 6
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Shit. I know who Skinny is. We go back in
text: the day. Boy was hustlin’ his underground
text: tapes down at the drive-in out the back
dialog: of his Cutlass.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: Not no more, he ain’t. You know that last
dialog: one he put out went platinum.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (thinks on that)
dialog: Eh, now Platinum, that’s more special
dialog: than gold, huh?
text: Arnel shoves the bag into his pocket and then pulls out a
dialog: modest roll of cash.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: He big time now... but he still Memphis,
dialog: you know. He and his brother Tigga hook
dialog: up with they friends every July. I shut
dialog: the place down, make it all private for
dialog: them and they buy up my stock. No shit.
dialog: They clean me out.
text: D.Jay is suddenly preoccupied. His expression turns serious,
dialog: sullen.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Yeah. I know Skinny. He may not... I
dialog: mean, you know we went to different
dialog: schools and all... but... yeah, I know
dialog: Skinny.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: You wanna make a dollar, best get up here
dialog: with that good shit. Those boys ain’t
dialog: gonna want none a’this dirt weed.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You tryin’ to hurt my feelings?
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: Just helpin’ out a friend.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ~ EXT. KING OF CLUBS - NIGHT 7
text: A clap of thunder as the bottom falls out of the sky. The
text: KING OF CLUBS sign glows bright red through the rain. Rap
text: pounds the walis from the inside.
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 6.
scene_heading: INT. KING OF CLUBS - NIGHT
text: D.Jay enters, holding his over-shirt above his head to stay
dialog: dry.
text: MICKEY is barely audible as he chatters into the microphone
text: from his DJ booth.
speaker_heading: MICKEY
dialog: (into the mic)
dialog: We gotta two for one goin’ on through the
dialog: next two songs, folks. Any of these
dialog: lovely ladies will be giving two dances,
dialog: two dances, fellas, for the price of one.
dialog: We got Luscious. We got Phoebe. We got
text: Lexus comin’ up on satellite one.
dialog: (notices D.Jay)
dialog: ‘Sup, D. Comin’ down, huh?
text: D.Jay nods and crosses to the main stage. Dancers are
text: writhing around the various buckets and pans on the stage
text: collecting rain dripping through the roof.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: (to a dancer)
dialog: Where Lexus at?
text: The Dancer points. D.Jay turns and finally locates LEXUS. She
text: is straddling a trucker in a chair. Her bikini top glows
text: bright orange across her ebony skin, her hair is braided,
text: stretching down her arching back.
text: D.Jay motions her over. Lexus keeps hustling with a smile,
text: surreptitiously flipping off D.Jay. He then grabs Lexus by
text: the arm and pulls her off the customer.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Excuse me! You see me workin’?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Where you at?
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: I ain’t at nothin’. Done three dances all
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNUFD)
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Don’t tell me that. They some
text: homely, ugly-assed, toothless
dialog: hos in here pullin’ in green
dialog: and you sayin’...
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 7.
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: You think I can come in here,
dialog: snap my fingers, make these
dialog: punk asses throw they money
dialog: at me every night. It just
dialog: don’t happen some days. Shit,
dialog: D. I ain’t even gonna make
dialog: pay out.
speaker_heading: MICKEY
dialog: (over the mic)
dialog: Alright, guys, let’s put your hands
dialog: together for the lovely Lexus.
text: Lexus starts walking toward the stage.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Every bitch in here got some
dialog: playa, tellin’ ‘em how they
dialog: can hustle they tricks better
dialog: than we hustlin’. Bunch’a
dialog: side-seat drivin’, mother-
dialog: fuckers. I’11 make my dollar
dialog: just let me do my thang.
dialog: Shit, I’m old school!
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: It's like I say, you can’t be
dialog: picky on a Wednesday. You
dialog: gotta take what they
dialog: Slangin’.
text: D.Jay waves her off and walks away. Lexus pulls herself up on
text: the pole and hangs upsidedown.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. KING OF CLUBS - DRESSING ROOM ~ NIGHT 9
text: The conversations are loud and full of laughter as D.Jay
text: sells a quarter ounce bag to a dancer in the dressing room.
text: Lexus is getting dressed at a leisurely pace. D.Jay grabs her
text: head as she sits to put on her shoes and puts it up to his
dialog: stomach.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You hear that? That’s my empty gut sayin’
dialog: hurry the fuck up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KING OF CLUBS ~- D.JAY’S CAR - NIGHT 10
text: Nola awakes from the back seat, sitting up slowly as Lexus
text: and D.Jay hop in the front seat.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 10
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 10
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: I ain’t doin’ day shift no mo, I don’t
dialog: care if I gotta get a cab to drop my ass
dialog: off. I ain’t workin’ with them skank-
dialog: assed trucker-bait hos no more.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You gonna work day shift if I say. Ain’t
dialog: no reason...
speaker_heading: NOLA LEXUS
dialog: (to D.Jay) (to D.Jay)
dialog: You said, you was just You know Trudy ain't work
dialog: runnin’ in. I known y’ali’s day’s no more. It just don’t
dialog: gonna take your sweet fuckin’ make sense. Tellin’ me she
dialog: time... I’d a come in. made five hundred dollars...
dialog: You heard me? Five hundred
dialog: last night off some guy who
dialog: makes cotton...
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: She ain’t made five hundred dollars. Who?
dialog: Trudy? Bitch gotta birth mark on her face
text: look like a map a Texas. She trickin’.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: She ain't trickin’.... all she did was
dialog: dance for him.
text: Suddenly there is a loud pound on the window. Lexus screams.
text: D.Jay looks out to see HAROLD - a skinny, pale-skinned,
text: junkie, wearing a few layers of thrift store wind-breakers.
speaker_heading: LEXUS (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell-fuck?!
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: (from outside the window)
dialog: Hey, D.Jay. It’s Harold, man. It’s me.
text: D.Jay jumps out of the car slamming the door behind him. He
text: pushes Harold back away from the car.
speaker_heading: HAROLD (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoa, man... it’s me... it’s me, D.day...
dialog: It’s Harold!
speaker_heading: D.dJAY
dialog: It’s a damn good thing what I usually got
dialog: under my belt is under my mother-fuckin’
dialog: seat. Sneak up on me like that again, you
dialog: gonna be grinnin'’ out the back ‘a yo’
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 9.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: (2) 10
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Hey, D... um...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: D.day.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: D.Jday...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Yeah, we ain’t friendly. Call me by my
dialog: name. D.Jay.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Well, listen, you got some crank, any of
dialog: that rock shit?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You know I’m strictly gateway. I don’t
dialog: deal with that.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Yeah? Well... what could I get for this?
text: Harold removes a small electronic KEYBOARD from a sack.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Do I look like a pawn shop?
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Like an ounce? What?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Shit. I wouldn’t give you a toke. Where
dialog: you get this at?
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: You know... just...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: If you tell me this belonged to one of
dialog: yo’ kids I’m just gonna bust.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: No, no... no way, man. I used to play on
dialog: it. You know, all the time.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: So it work?
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Yeah, man. Like a pro.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD)
dialog: 10
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 {Original White) 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 10
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (regarding the keyboard)
dialog: Yeah. I had one of these back in the day.
dialog: Not as big though.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Bigger is better, D. D.day. D.Jay.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Shut up.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: I’11 give you a quarter.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: A quarter? You mean a half... and then
dialog: some. Pawnshop’1l1 get me more than that.
speaker_heading: D.JAY :
dialog: Why don’t you give ‘em your thumb print.
dialog: See how much you get.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: (relents)
dialog: Okay.
text: D.Jay reaches into his coat pocket and slaps a bag into
text: Harold’s hand.
speaker_heading: HAROLD (CONT'D)
dialog: (handing over the
dialog: keyboard)
dialog: I don’t think that’s really a fair trade
dialog: but I... I understand you’ve got to keep
dialog: an eye on your interests and all.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You pushin’ me. Do you know you pushin’?
text: And Harold is off into the night. D.Jay regards the keyboard.
text: His fingers touch the keys as a subtle 808 beat pounds in his
text: ears: BOOM... BOOM... BOOM.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Hey! Stevie Wonder!
dialog: {the beat stops)
dialog: We hungry.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS STREET ~ NIGHT 10A
text: Establishing shots. D.Jay’s Chevy rolls through Memphis.
dialog: 12
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 11.
scene_heading: EXT. D.JAY’'S HOUSE - NIGHT il
text: D.day and his girls live in one of many shotgun houses along
text: a crowded street. Kids run past them as they step out of the
text: car. D.Jay calls out to an old woman on her porch.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Miss Cole! That runt bitch of yours got
dialog: in my trash again. I know it won’t your
dialog: fault but get one yo kids to clean it up.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (v.0.)
dialog: Y’all got tacos?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (v.o.)
dialog: Naw, we got cheeseburgers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 12
text: SHUG (short for SUGAR} is a pretty, twenty year old, black
text: girl who is about four weeks short of giving birth - swollen
text: beyond belief for her tiny frame. She is soft spoken, sweet.
text: Shug bites into a burger as they all watch the TV - a local
dialog: rap video program.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: I called the power comp’ny ‘bout gettin’
text: an extension on the light bill. They say
dialog: I gotta come down and stand in line to
dialog: get an application.
dialog: (takes a bite)
dialog: But I can’t be standin’ all day how they
dialog: do down there. Not if I got Roger with
dialog: me. You know, D.? You know?
text: A video concludes - another begins. It is a SKINNY BLACK CD.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Oh! There go Skinny! Eh, Lex! LEX!
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: So what do you wanna do, D?
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: h (approaching, pissed)
dialog: Huh!
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 12.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: {pointing to the set}
dialog: Me and Skinny Black gonna be kickin’ up
dialog: at Arneli’s on the fourth of July, Baby.
dialog: Ain’t that some shit?
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Who? You?
text: The video is standard in aesthetics, gleaming BMWs, booty
text: girls shaking into the lens. Skinny Black is wearing a
text: pristine black and white camouflage suit.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Me and Skinny... do some catch up. You
dialog: know, he used to live up on Looney and
text: Third. Where they spray down the trolleys
dialog: at.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Am I supposed to piss myself?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (speaking to Lex as she
dialog: walks away)
dialog: Yeah, okay... okay... you tell me. Who is
dialog: it you know that’s somebody, huh? Who?
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Nobody in this crib.
dialog: {speaking in a whiny baby
dialog: voice)
dialog: Where’s my baby? Roger?
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Lex. Don’t. I just got him to sleep.
text: Lexus goes into the back room to retrieve her baby. D.Jay
text: continues to watch the video as Shug complains to the back of
dialog: his head.
speaker_heading: SHUG (CONT'D)
dialog: D, I know it’s my part in it all to baby-
dialog: sit while she at work. But she always
dialog: gotta wake him up just when I get him
dialog: down. I gotta have some chill time too.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You know, Skinny used to DJ over at
dialog: Booker T. Just like I did at Westwood.
dialog: Ain't like he the only nigga spit some
dialog: flow in this town. I’s doin’ the same
dialog: thing just at my school. Ask anyone.
speaker_heading: {MORE}
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD I
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 13.
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED: (2) 12
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: {he has to prove himself)
dialog: I’m serious. Go ask Carlos up on the
dialog: corner. He’s in my grade. Ask him.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: {with a mouth full of
dialog: burger)
dialog: Gotta get that extension.
scene_heading: 13 INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - NIGHT 13
text: D.Jay is still holding the small keyboard as he bites into
text: his burger. He opens the door to his private workroom. He
text: turns on a single bulb from above by yanking on a chain.
text: There is a simple scale on the table, a few boxes of sandwich
dialog: bags.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: ++» shit... talk to me about platinum
dialog: better than gold. In the day, I’s like...
dialog: triple platinum. Ask anyone...
text: Lexus enters holding her baby boy, ROGER, in her arms.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: I gotta shower.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: You gotta watch Rog.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Go give him to Shug.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: She say it’s her chill time.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: {taking the baby)
dialog: When’s my chill time at?
text: Lexus is gone. D.Jay slams the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM ~ LATER - NIGHT 14
text: D.Jay pushes the POWER BUTTON on the keyboard and then pushes
text: the POWER BUTTON on the mini fan on his table.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: 14
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
text: With Roger tucked under one arm, D.Jay begins pressing the
text: different keys, listening to the various sounds, changing
dialog: between the different menus.
text: Roger is drooling, mesmerized with sounds just like D.Jay -
text: two little boys with a new toy.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: {laughing)
dialog: Yeah, that buck ain’t it.
text: We CUT IN AND OUT of moments as D.Jay acclimates himself with
text: his new keyboard.
text: He takes Roger’s hands and taps them on the keys - each key
text: makes a different beat. They actually manage to peck out a
text: Simple beat. D.Jay laughs.
text: The beat is interrupted by Lexus storming into the room
text: wearing a towel around her hips and head.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: The fuck are you doin’ wit my son?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Just playin’.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: (pulls Roger away)
dialog: Give me my baby.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Every time he get settled you gotta come
dialog: and fuck with him. Gonna give that boy a
dialog: twitch.
text: The door slams. D.Jay lights a blunt and closes his eyes.
text: The 808 beat can be heard softly - the pounding in his head.
text: He opens his eyes and pulls the keyboard closer. Pressing the
text: loop button, he matches the keyboard beat to the beat in his
dialog: head. It fits perfectly: Pip. Tack, tack, pip, tack.
text: D.Jay looks on the back of the keyboard. A single headphone
text: jack is on the back.
text: An idea hits as the loop continues.
text: JUMP CUTS as he opens a drawer next to his massive stereo and
text: removes a long cable. He pushes it into the inputs behind his
dialog: huge stereo.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: eee +
dialog: +e
dialog: *
dialog: 14
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 14A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 14
text: He picks up the remote. The treble goes to 0. Bass goes to
text: 10. Bass boost activated. The volume diai spins to the
dialog: loudest possible volume.
text: D.Jay takes the other end of the cable and plugs it into the
text: headphone jack on the keyboard.
text: BOOM! TACK, TACK, BOOM, TACK! BOOM! TACK, TACK, BOOM, TACK!
text: The room is vibrating with his beat, as the loop sounds from
text: his towering speakers. D.Jay stands silent, allowing the
text: beats to pound through his body.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD)
dialog: 14
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 15-16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 14
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT 19
text: Shug awakes on the couch and stares oddly at the door to
text: D.Jay’s work room. The TV distorts with the beat.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM ~- NIGHT 20
text: D.Jay circles his table, punching at the air with each beat.
text: The pot scales vibrate. D.Jay bounces his upper body up and
text: down furiously - a man alone with his own invention.
text: He turns off the keyboard with the push of a button. He is
text: panting - suddenly aware of his own heart pounding.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY'S CAR - PARKED ON THE STREET - DAY 21
text: Nola snorts up some crank off a small swatch of shiny paper.
text: D.Jay and Nola are parked by an old auto shop - hisses and
text: pops sound from inside as D.Jay eyes a car driving up slowly.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Go easy, gal. Can’t be no open candy
dialog: store. We tight this whole week.
dialog: (D.Jay nudges Nola)
dialog: Put yo shine on. Here this one come.
text: Nola wipes away sweat as the driver approaches, she attempts
text: to put on a sexy scowl for the passing trick.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, Cuz. We ain’t gonna bite.
text: The driver tries to get a good look at Nola but then speeds
text: past. D.Jay shakes his head in frustration.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Goddamn! You go to IHOP to eat pancakes
dialog: not stare at ‘em. Half the lunch crowd
dialog: just be window-shoppin’.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: Why can’t we work the motels no more?
dialog: Least they got air.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 17.
speaker_heading: a1 CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Least they take a cut, is what they do.
dialog: Thirty dollars a room for one hour on top
dialog: of what we already chargin’. And that’s
dialog: what... for a five minute nut. I mean,
dialog: that just don’t make no sense. That’s
dialog: money outta my pocket, to keep your
dialog: country cool.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: All I do is ask about gettin’ cool and
dialog: you gotta be ugly.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (D.Jay notices the car
dialog: approaching)
dialog: Hold up. He comin’ back. You need to put
dialog: on a show for this trick. Do that thing
dialog: with your tongue like you do.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: Lex get to work inside all day at the
dialog: club. I don’t see why I can’t.
speaker_heading: D.dJAY
dialog: Cuz we been over this, Nola. Ain’t I told
dialog: you? You got what they call a bad
dialog: equilibrium. My uncle Hector had it. You
dialog: knock into shit. We put you in them heels
dialog: up on that stage... tricks gonna be
dialog: screamin’ “timber.” Here he come.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I’m in heels out here, D! You don’t see
dialog: me fallin’ down.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Cuz you sittin’, Nola. Ain’t that much of
dialog: a fall to the floor. Just... look it...
dialog: let me do the thinkin’ for ya. Ah-ight?
dialog: Just stick to what you do. And let me do
dialog: what I do.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: One day you’re gonna have to teil me
dialog: about that.
text: The trick’s car stops alongside of their car.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: (CONT TINUED}
dialog: 21
dialog: «2
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: {2} 21
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: What the fuck it is you do.
text: The car stops. D.Jay has turned his cold attention to Nola.
text: Knowing she has wounded D.Jay, Nola gains a modicum of
text: confidence. She leans across D.Jay as if he was not even
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: NOLA (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the trick)
dialog: Hey, Honey. You wanna see me walk in
dialog: these heels all the way over to your lap?
text: The trick nods nervously. Nola smiles and crawls back inside.
speaker_heading: NOLA (CONT’D)
dialog: (bitter) :
dialog: Look like he got air in his car. Must
dialog: work as hard as you.
text: Nola slams the door behind her.
text: She parades her high-heeled saunter in front of D.Jay, and
text: hops in the trick’s car. D.Jay fumes as the car drives off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORNER GROCERY STORE - DAY 22
text: D.Jay’s shirt is wet from sweat as he enters the CORNER
text: GROCERY STORE - a small, unassuming establishment. Nola
text: trails behind and immediately goes for the ice cream
dialog: freezers.
text: ELROY, mid thirties, sits behind the counter. D.Jay reaches
text: past Elroy to a pack of cigarettes in a display. Elroy glares
text: as D.Jay cracks open the pack and lights up.
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: You wanna do my job? I got a mop for ya.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Elroy. I’m havin’ a day that just won’t
dialog: quit. So... shine a little light on me,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: You got something for me?
text: D.Jay reaches into his pocket and pulls out a leather tobacco
text: bag and a small NOTEPAD. D.Jay wipes a handful of sweat away
text: from his brow and places the bag before Elroy.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: ee Fe
dialog: 22
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 22
speaker_heading: D.JdAY
dialog: (referencing his notepad)
dialog: Gotta grocery list, too. Gonna need a
dialog: brick of that Big Easy bud for this VIP
dialog: comin’ in...
text: Elroy looks inside the bag and notices his hand is wet from
text: D.Jay’s sweat.
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: (showing D.Jay his hand)
dialog: Shit, D. I don’t want yer stank on me.
dialog: Look at this shit. I don’t even like my
dialog: own sweat on me. Sure as hell don’t want
dialog: yers...
text: A surge of anger hits D.Jay. He snatches the wad of cash from
text: Elroy’s hand and shoves it deep down the.front of his pants
text: into his crotch. .
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Tell you what. Let’s get some of my sweet
dialog: juice on it. See how you like that.
dialog: (pulls out the cash and
text: slams it on the counter)
dialog: Go on. Tell me you ain’t gonna pick that
dialog: up.
text: Elroy glares at D.Jay but chooses not to antagonize him
text: today. He picks up the wad of cash.
speaker_heading: ELROY
dialog: Let's get you on your way, D.
text: Elroy disappears into the back of the store. D.Jay looks over
text: at Nola, eating an ice cream sandwich.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (spiteful)
dialog: You cool now?
text: Positioned directly in front of his gaze is a spinning
text: cassette display case - a face-out cassette of SKINNY BLACK’S
text: latest release stares back at D.day.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: You still into that shit?
text: D.day turns to see KEY. Key is a simple looking, chubby black
text: male in his mid-thirties. He is wearing glasses and a blue
text: button-down shirt with tan Dockers. He is cradling a dozen
text: packs of 9 volt batteries.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 19A.
scene_heading: 22 -CONTINUED: (2} 22
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: {CONT TNUFD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 22
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: I remember coach Rosallis lettin’ you
text: spit some flow over the intercom in gym
dialog: class. Back when we was all beat-boxing
dialog: like the Fat Boys.
text: D.Jay studies his face unable to come up with his name.
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT'D)
dialog: {offering his hand)
dialog: Key Dunn. We went to East Middle.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: You did the after school dances. Had you
dialog: spinnin’ records. Huh?
speaker_heading: KEY .
dialog: Nothing fancy. Not like I was scratchin’.
dialog: Just making sure Purple Rain got played
dialog: for the ladies.
text: D.Jay laughs - some welcomed nostalgia. Elroy returns with a
text: healthy pound wrapped in a brown paper bag. He stops, eyeing
dialog: Key suspiciously.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Naw, he cool, Elroy. Give over.
dialog: (back to Key)
dialog: East Middle. Them was some days, huh?
text: Key looks over at Nola sucking her ice cream covered fingers.
text: He grins.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: I see you still doin’ the same.
text: Elroy starts ringing up Key for the batteries.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: We like the Post Office. You know,
dialog: through rain or sleet or snow.
dialog: (Key smiles)
dialog: So, what? You got a dildo or somethin’?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: What’chu buyin’ all these batteries for?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Well, it ain’t for a dildo.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: +e
speaker_heading: ee eK
dialog: *
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 20A.
speaker_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: I’m just playin’. Shit.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: They’ re for my microphones.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Microphones?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Mm-hm.
text: D.Jay studies Key’s face, cautious and curious.
speaker_heading: D.dAY
dialog: Microphones.
dialog: (nods)
dialog: So. What is it you do?
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: *
dialog: a a
dialog: *
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 21.
scene_heading: INT. BELLEVUE BAPTIST CHURCH ~ DAY 24
text: A modest-sized gospel choir takes a deep breath and breaks
dialog: into the Spiritual “Keep Your Lamps Trimmed and Burning.”
text: We follow a gray cord from a hanging microphone to a
text: collection of cables. Key is recording the choir from the
dialog: pews of the church.
text: D.Jay is seated in the center of the church - Nola sits in
text: the back eating an ice cream sandwich.
text: The choir crescendos with chilling intensity. D.Jay is unable
text: to move as the song continues. He slowly grips the pew in
text: front of him, his chest rising with deep breaths through his
text: flaring nostrils.
text: The music is working on him.
text: The choir concludes abruptly, building into an accented
text: climax. Key holds one hand up in the air, indicating for
dialog: everyone to remain silent.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 24
text: D.Jay exhales. Key presses STOP.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - NIGHT 25
text: D.Jay is smoking a blunt, holding in the smoke and gently
text: blowing it back out. His keyboard holds a steady beat.
text: D.Jay sighs and closes his eyes.
text: Suddenly a wave of fear and paranoia hits. Something or
text: someone just charged at him. He scrambles to his feet,
dialog: looking around the room. What was that?
text: He holds his chest and tries to control his rapid panting.
text: He is alone in the room. He looks at the blunt and then
text: guickly taps it out into the bowl.
text: He turns the keyboard OFF.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S LIVINGROOM - LATER - NIGHT 26
text: It is unusually quiet in the room. Nola sleeps on one couch
text: as Shug sleeps on the adjacent one.
text: D.Jay is gently shaking Shug awake.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Hey, Shug... you up?
text: Shug opens her eyes and sits up, cradling her stomach with
dialog: one hand,
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: {waking up)
dialog: I gotta watch the baby?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Naw. Everyone asleep. .
dialog: {looks at her stomach)
dialog: So. He kickin’ tonight?
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Usually after I eat. He really active
dialog: durin’ the day, though. Must be like his
dialog: daddy, cuz he don’t get that from me.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: Yeah. Whoever that is.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUED |
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 23.
speaker_heading: 26 CONTINUED: 26
text: Shug is slightly wounded by the comment.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: Shug. We got history. You know, you been
dialog: trickin’ for me goin’ on a few now. So...
dialog: there’s that.
dialog: (Shug nods)
dialog: Me not pimpin’ you ‘cause of, you know...
dialog: {referring to her stomach)
dialog: It kind’a... puts us in a different
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: You wantin’ me to leave?
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: Naw. That ain’t... Naw.
text: D.Jay moves closer. He looks over at Nola again. His chest
text: feels tight. Anxiety pushes in on him.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (rubs his hands together)
dialog: I think I may be gettin’ one of them mid-
dialog: life crisis.
dialog: {Shug listens)
dialog: You know my Daddy’s heart gave out when
dialog: I's just twelve years old. He was a young
dialog: man. I mean... I mean he’s my age.
dialog: (thinks on that)
dialog: That’s been fuckin’ with my head. Like
dialog: this is it for me. It’s fuckin’ with my
text: Mode on the track, can’t concentrate,
dialog: can’t smoke weed without feelin’ like I’m
dialog: gettin’ a heart attack and... and 1 don’t
dialog: know what I’m supposed to do.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: I get bad dreams. Dreams like me givin’
dialog: birth to dead dogs, sometimes I’m breast
dialog: feedin’ a big ole ugly catfish.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: For real?
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: But that’s just my mind touchin’ in on
dialog: somethin’ that I ain’t said out loud.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNUFD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 24.
speaker_heading: °6 CONTINUED: (2) 26
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: I’m scared.
dialog: {rubs her stomach)
dialog: I get so scared, D.
dialog: D.Jay doesn’t like how that sounded to him - too truthful. He
text: stands and crosses to his work room. He looks back at Shug.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (lying)
dialog: I ain’t scared.
text: Shuts the door.
scene_heading: 26aA INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - NIGHT 26aA
text: D.Jay sits at his table. He touches his chest ~ fearful of
text: another attack. His Mode begins to sound in his ears. Anger
text: grips him.
text: BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
text: D.Jay pulls his pad out of his pocket. He flips to a clear
text: page. He begins to write flow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
scene_heading: 26A EXT. MEMPHIS - DAY 26A
text: Various morning establishing shots.
scene_heading: 27 INT. CLASS ROOM - DAY 27
text: A little boy is playing the violin. He is earnest in his
text: efforts but terrible in his execution.
text: We PAN to a microphone on a stand. We follow the cord to
dialog: Key's recording station.
text: Key is turned to the side, holding one end of a headphone to
text: his ear. He winces with each awful note.
text: The song concludes. Key presses stop and puts on a
text: supportive, phony smilie to the BOY’S MOTHER.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: That was beautiful.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 25-27.
scene_heading: INT. KEY’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT 29
text: Key has fallen asleep with his mouth open, laying on the
text: couch. The TV is on - a weather man talking about the heat
dialog: index.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Clyde? Clyde, dinner is on.
text: A meatloaf is placed on the small dining room table, by
text: YEVETTE, Key’s wife. Yevette is roughly the same shape and
text: size of Key. She works at a clothing retail store. She is
text: confident, strong and no nonsense.
text: She walks over and gently taps his cheek.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE (CONT’ D)
dialog: Baby? Baby? :
dialog: {a firm voice and a firmer
dialog: slap)
dialog: Clyde.
text: Key snorts awake. He looks around as if he doesn’t know where
dialog: he is.
dialog: cut To:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 28.
scene_heading: INT. KEY’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM ~- LATER - NIGHT 30
text: Both Yevette and Key have their heads bowed and their eyes
dialog: closed.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (mumbling the prayer)
dialog: Most-gracious-and-heavenly-father-we-ask-—
dialog: you-bless~-this~-food-and-this-house-in-the-
dialog: name-of-Jesus-we-pray~Amen.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Amen.
text: Yevette jumps into a tale from work as Key prepares to eat.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE (CONT'D)
dialog: So, Beth Ann tells me the reason I didn’t
dialog: get moved up into Sales Supervisor is
dialog: because I have issues enforcing company
dialog: policy with my co-workers. Who she
dialog: referred to as my friends, not co-workers
dialog: but friends. I said, just because I am
dialog: pleasant and supportive does not mean I
dialog: cannot...
dialog: (a new mouthful)
dialog: Crack a whip. Cuz I can crack a whip. I
dialog: mean, you’ve seen me crack a whip.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (chewing his meatloaf)
dialog: Mm-hm.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: I mean what are we talking about here?
dialog: We're talking about folding sweaters and
dialog: making sure the fitting rooms are kept
dialog: clean. Sales Supervisors don’t even
dialog: handle the safe.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: I know. I know.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: So I go in and I talk to Leonard. He
dialog: always say, come in and air your
dialog: grievances, so I did.
text: Key is struggling to stay interested as he devotes his
text: attention to pouring gravy on his mashed potatoes.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: an
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White} 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: YEVETTE (CONT’ D)
dialog: And you know what he said? He said that I
dialog: would be incapable of writing someone up.
dialog: Cuz I’m so friendly. I said, give me a
dialog: pen, Leonard. I know everything that
dialog: everybody is doing wrong. Beth Ann take
dialog: way too long on her lunch break. Allen,
dialog: that little shit back in receiving came
dialog: to work high. Not to mention yesterday
dialog: Sally was wearing a skirt from our
dialog: discontinued line. And I know she didn’t
dialog: pay for it. Now, do you think I’m gonna
dialog: turn a blind eye to these violations if I
dialog: was Sales Supervisor, just cuz I’m nice?
text: Key isn’t aware that Yevette is waiting for an answer. He
text: eats his dinner with his head bowed over his plate.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE (CONT’ D)
dialog: Clyde?
text: Key looks up at Yevette. The doorbell rings. The two look at
text: the front door and then back at each other.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KEY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 31
text: Key opens the door to see D.Jay standing there holding a big
text: paper sack in his hands. Nola and Lexus stand behind hin.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: D.Jay. What are you...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I know you prob’ly sick of me, but... if
dialog: I could just...
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: (from behind Key)
dialog: Clyde? Who is it?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Just a...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (finishing Key’s sentence)
dialog: Just an old school buddy. Ain’t that
dialog: right... Clyde?
text: Key looks at the sweaty, scantily dressed Nola and Lexus.
text: Nola smiles as Lexus glares behind her braids.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: 31
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 31
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Yeah, come on in.
text: Yevette stands cautiously in the entrance way to the living
text: room, her hands clasped together.
text: D.Jay enters followed by Nola in her short jeans mini skirt,
text: and Lexus in tight spandex and over accentuated eye~liner.
dialog: Key feels pressure to explain.
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT’D}
dialog: Uh, Yevette, this uh... this D.Jay. We
dialog: went to East Middle together.
speaker_heading: D.dAY
dialog: How you doin’?
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: {polite but skeptical)
dialog: We were just having dinner.
text: Yevette’s eyes move to Nola and Lexus. Key stumbles his words
dialog: to introduce them.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: And this here is Nola and...
dialog: (not knowing Lexus)
dialog: And... uh...
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: (mumbled)
dialog: Lex.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Legs?
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Lex. Like Lexus. Like you get in and
dialog: drive a fuckin’ LEX-US.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (with a big phony smile)
dialog: And... LEXUS.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I’d a left ‘em in the car but Nola saw
text: y’all got a window cooler. She sniffs out
dialog: window units like a bloodhound bitch, I’m
dialog: tellin’ you.
dialog: (turns to Yevette)
dialog: I meant that as a complement.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED)
dialog: 31
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 31
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Would you ali... like to sit down. Can
dialog: I... get you all anything?
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: No, ma’ am.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I’m ah-ight. Thank you.
dialog: (to Key)
dialog: Somewhere we can talk, you and me?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Come on back in the kitchen.
text: Yevette is now left alone with two hookers sitting on her
text: couch. She sits, leaning forward, trying to be polite.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: So. Where do you all work?
text: Lexus releases a gruff chuckle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KEY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT 32
text: D.Jay is brimming with enthusiasm. Key keeps his voice soft.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Opportunity?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: For who?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: For us. You and me. You got the gear. I
dialog: got the styles.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: One thing don’t lead to another just cuz
dialog: you want it. You may got some bacon,
dialog: lettuce and tomato. But that don’t mean
dialog: I’m givin’ you my toast.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: The fuck you talkin’ about?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: ee
dialog: +e ek OF
dialog: *
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 31A.
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Look, D. I know you learned a whole mess
dialog: of shit, hustlin’ on the streets, like
dialog: you say... but let me tell you what I
dialog: learned workin’ my job.
dialog: {cracks a beer open for
dialog: D.Jay and himself)
dialog: There’s two kinds a people. There’s those
dialog: who talk the talk and there’s those who
dialog: walk the walk. People who walk the walk,
dialog: they sometimes talk the talk but most of
dialog: the times they don’t need to talk cuz
dialog: they walkin’.
dialog: {D.Jay tries to follow)
dialog: Now folks who talk the talk, when it come
dialog: time to walk, you know what they do? They
dialog: talk somebody like me into doin’ the
dialog: walkin’ for ‘em.
text: D.Jay removes his pad and flips to a page of flow.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Okay... But just look it what I got here,
dialog: mane.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: D... were you listenin’ to what...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (through clenched teeth)
dialog: I ain’t aman to beg. But I will, nigga.
dialog: Is that what you want? You think this
dialog: easy... come over all hat-in-hand and
dialog: shit?
dialog: (he has Key’s attention)
dialog: Listen to what I got. You think this
dialog: shit's whack.
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: I’m out’cha ya life. And that’s my word.
text: Key takes a breath. He nods, ready to listen. D.Jay takes his
dialog: time preparing.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: I’m listening.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I’m goin’. Just...
dialog: {takes a breath)
dialog: Waitin’ on my Mode to kick in.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Y’ what?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
speaker_heading: +e HO EH ROE RO EE
dialog: ed
dialog: et * *
dialog: *
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 31B.
scene_heading: 32 CONTINUED: {2} 32
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Nothin’. Okay.
text: D.Jay presses the loop button on the small Casio keyboard. A
text: simplistic beat sounds.
speaker_heading: D.JAY {(CONT’D)
dialog: It’s called Pop It. It go...
dialog: (reading)
dialog: These bitches pop it for some paper. Pop
dialog: that ass for some cash flow...
dialog: *
dialog: +e 4 +t
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 32-33.
scene_heading: INI. KEY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 33
text: Yevette is wringing her hands together. She nervously smiles
text: at Lexus and Nola, trying to come up with something to say.
text: Nola beats her to it.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I like your hair. Kind’a got that
dialog: chocolate color in it.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Well, thank you. I have a great guy who
dialog: does it over in Germantown. The coloring,
dialog: I mean.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I try to do somethin’ different with my
dialog: hair every couple of months. Keep the
dialog: tricks guessin’, you know.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Keep the what?
text: Another gruff chuckle from Lex.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: (pulling on her braids)
dialog: These gotta be re-done a lot, if I wanna
dialog: keep ‘em lookin’ real. Cuz these ain’t my
dialog: real braids. They just extensions.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Nola, shut the fuck up.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: No one’s talkin’ to you, bitch. You shut
dialog: the fuck up.
text: There is a loud pounding from the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: She don’t want to know nothin’ ‘bout yo
dialog: kitchen do.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: (trying)
dialog: Well, I think... they look very nice.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: (to Yevette)
dialog: You don’t gotta be nice to her just cuz
dialog: she sitting on your couch.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUFIDY
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 34.
scene_heading: 33. CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: LEXUS (CONT'D)
dialog: If you think her head look like a dust
dialog: mop, just say so.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: But I didn’t. I mean, I don’t...
text: Yevette can hear the pounding now, she turns to the kitchen,
dialog: confused.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE (CONT’D)
dialog: What in... God’s...?
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I don’t know why you gotta be so ugly.
dialog: People say my hair looks sexy.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Yeah. And then they nut.
text: Yevette stands and moves toward the kitchen door.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Clyde?
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Ugly as a swamp duck ho, is what you look
dialog: like...
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: 34 INT. KEY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT 34
text: Yevette opens the door to the kitchen. What she sees confuses
dialog: her.
text: D.Jay is caught up in his flow. It is biting, profane and
text: bursting with energy. Key is slamming his beer bottle on the
text: kitchen table to the beat, his eyes are closed, his head bobs
dialog: to the flow.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (rapping)
dialog: Pop it for some, pop it for some paper.
dialog: Pop it for some paper. Pop it.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (in a chant)
dialog: Now put your hands on your knees.
dialog: Shake it, shake it, real fast. Shake it,
dialog: shake it, real fast. Shake it, shake it,
dialog: real fast.
dialog: (Key giggles)
dialog: That’s the shit right there.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD)
speaker_heading: +e OE
speaker_heading: + Ft ot HOF
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 34A.
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 34
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Just needed some shake, naw what I mean?
dialog: Needed some ass shakin’...
text: D.Jay turns around and stops, noticing Yevette and Nola. Key
text: opens his eyes, a fat grin on his face.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD}
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 34
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT’D)
dialog: You run out a spit, nigga?
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Clyde?
text: The smile on Key’s face disappears. He sits upright.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE (CONT’D)
dialog: Clyde, what are you doin’?
text: Key takes a deep breath and looks at a smiling D.Jay. With
text: confidence and a touch of abandon, Key responds:
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Walkin’. *
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE UP OF D.JAY'S TURNTABLE ~ DAY 35 *
text: D.Jay puts on a record and speeds up the rhythm, Music *
dialog: continues. *
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - DAY 36
text: EXTREME CLOSE UPS of outputs plugged into inputs, shelving
text: added to the table, drilling screws into the wall.
text: Key saws off the light from a desk lamp with an extendable
text: arm. He then fastens the mic to the end of ‘it with duct tape.
scene_heading: INT. PAWN SHOP - DAY 37
text: The beat continues as Key and D.Jay shop for keyboards and
text: samplers at various pawn shops.
scene_heading: INT. KING OF CLUBS - NIGHT 38
text: Lexus dances, hangs from a pole, unfolds a wad around her
text: middle finger and hands it over to D.Jay.
text: Mickey unplugs a smaller mixer from his console in the DJ
text: booth and hands it over to D.Jay.
text: D.Jay hustles nickel bags to a few dancers in the back.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - DAY 39
text: D.day sucks the last out of a roach and tosses the rest into
text: a bowl. Key sets up his four track recorder - plugging in the
text: ear phones. D.Jay hooks up Dr. Rhythm and puts beat to song.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
text: A large keyboard is plugged in. A label is taped to it:
text: ELBOW. The melody is heard in the beat as D.Jay fingers the
text: keys. Key nods, clear signal. Thumbs up.
speaker_heading: KEY
text: Elbow on two.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (holds up the small
dialog: keyboard)
dialog: Quarter 0?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (switching channels)
dialog: Quarter O on One.
text: The music cross fades to the simple beat.
scene_heading: EXT. D.JAY'S STREET - DAY 40
text: D.Jay’s Mode is heard - an 808 beat: BOOM... BOOM,.. BOOM.
text: Key is huffing as he carries the window air unit as D.Jay
text: talks at him.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: All my days I been listenin’ to this beat
text: in my head. Like a pounding. Sometime it
text: sounds raw like an 8Ball joint. Sometime
dialog: it go smooth like Otis Redding, ya naw
dialog: what I’m sayin’. That beat. That song.
dialog: That feeling in my gut. It’s what I been
dialog: callin’ my Mode.
dialog: (Key struggles and huffs)
dialog: If my Mode is crackin’, I can’t be
dialog: stopped. Like it’s showtime and I’m like
dialog: Mike. Cuz out here on the track... I
dialog: gotta keep my game. It’s hard out here
dialog: for a pimp. Now, hold up... that sounded
dialog: tight.
dialog: (D.day scribbles in his
dialog: notebook)
dialog: It's hard out here for a pimp...
text: Key puts the air unit down to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: What? You tired?
dialog: *
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 37.
scene_heading: INT, D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - DAY 41
text: Music returns to the simple beat as Key hammers plywood over
text: the windows. D.Jay plugs in Christmas lights that he has hung
text: around the walls.
text: Another lamp is plugged into the cluttered power pack. D.Jay
text: squeezes in another plug for the turntable. He spins a record
text: and lets it roll, blending with the beat.
scene_heading: EXT. D.JAY’S CHEVY - THE TRACK - DAY 42
text: Nola has mastered a pair of white platform boots. She prances
text: alongside the Chevy, along the track, as D.Jay scribbles in
text: his notepad seated in the driver’s seat.
text: A trick’s car drives up. Nola leans inside.
scene_heading: EXT. BY THE TRAIN TRACK - DAY 43
text: The trick’s car pulls behind a brick wall, a train passes.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - NIGHT 44
text: Key and D.Jay push the small air unit into the window space.
text: Key plugs it in and pinches the power dial.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: We cool now.
text: Key twists the power switch and yelps as sparks fly.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY'S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT 45
text: Shug’s TV along with all the lights blink out.
dialog: The beat is cut short as we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY'S CHEVY/ TRICK’S CAR - DAY 46
text: CROSS CUTS of: D.Jay switching stations on his push button
text: radio - Nola taking two wrinkled 20’s from the trick.
text: Another commercial on another station - Nola rips open a
text: condom and tosses it in her mouth.
text: The radio dial jumps back and forth - Nola turns her face
text: away as sweat showers her off the trick’s chubby face.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Goddamn...
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD}
dialog: 46
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
text: D.Jay turns off the noise and flips open his notepad.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S CREVY - SAME DAY 47
text: Nola climbs in the car covered in another man’s sweat. She
text: holds out two wrinkled 20's, but D.Jay is too busy writing
text: flow in his note pad to notice.
text: Defeated and ignored, Nola places the two 20’s on the seat.
text: In silence, she carefully peeks over at his notes. D.Jay
dialog: takes notice.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I’m tellin’ you... this is hard work. To
dialog: take what’s in your mind... and put it
dialog: into words that fit together like a
dialog: puzzle...
text: D.Jay returns to writing. Nola curiously watches.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I wish there was somethin’. You know,
dialog: somethin’ I could...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Shit, baby, you’re my operation. You what
dialog: they call my primary investor. Making all
dialog: this shit happen one trick at a time.
text: Nola looks out the window, discouraged. D.Jay notices. He
text: turns her face toward him. He gently touches her face.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Think about how I found you at the truck
dialog: stop. You the smallest lot lizard I ever
dialog: seen, trickin’ them truckers for change.
dialog: {serious)
dialog: I love you, Nola. Not like a man loves a
dialog: woman. But like a brother. Like you my
dialog: own blood. Cuz I know, girl. I know what
dialog: it is to be lost. Wantin’ to be a part of
dialog: somethin’. And I’m tellin’ you. You a
dialog: part of this.
text: D.Jay takes her tiny hands and places them on the steering
text: wheel. He wraps his hands around hers.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT! D}
dialog: You know what this means?
dialog: {she shakes her head)
dialog: Means we got our hands on the wheel. We
dialog: in charge, you and me. None of these
dialog: tricks out here. We in charge.
speaker_heading: (MORE}
speaker_heading: {CONTINURD)
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 47
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: I wanna hear you say it, so I can believe
dialog: in you like you do me. Go’on.
text: Nola feels D.Jay’s warmth spread through her chest. His words
dialog: are working on her.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: We’re in charge.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KEY’S HOUSE - DINNING ROOM - NIGHT 48
dialog: Yevette made fried chicken tonight with mashed potatoes and
text: purple peas. She sits stoned faced on her end of the table as
text: Key fixes his paper plate to go.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: You said you was okay with this.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Yeah, that’s what I said.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: But that ain’t what you meant?
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: It’s what you wanna hear. So let’s just
dialog: drop it.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: I wanna hear what you really think.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: No you don’t.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Yes, I do.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: You say that... but I know you just wanna
dialog: hear what you want. So that’s what I say.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: I’m gettin’ so sick of people tellin’ me
dialog: what I’m thinkin’. Like I don’t know my
dialog: own Goddamn mind.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: 48
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 {Original White) 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48
speaker_heading: YEVETTE KEY
dialog: Don’t you dare take that tone We already talked about this,
dialog: with me! I have supported you So we wouldn’t go round and
dialog: in every... round when time came...
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I’m thrilled, Clyde! What woman wouldn’t
dialog: want their husband spending all their
dialog: time in a house full of hos?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Yevette. This may turn out to be a big
dialog: nothing. But if I sink my ass into that
dialog: couch one more night... I swear to
dialog: Jesus... :
dialog: (looks at his watch)
dialog: I'm late.
text: Key walks over to Yevette and kisses her on the cheek.
text: Yevette is motionless, even after Key walks out the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY'S WORK ROOM ~ LATER THAT NIGHT 49
text: Key is stapling card-board drink holders to the walls. D.Jay
text: is eating a leg of chicken from Key’s plate.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: What is that shit?
speaker_heading: KEY
text: Drink holders. Poor man’s sound proofing.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Yeah, you ain’t so dumb, huh?
text: A knock. Shug pops her head in.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: D, they’s someone at the door for you.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You know my rates, baby.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: I don’t think this guy wants no weed.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Go wake up Nola, then.
speaker_heading: {CONT T NORD}
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 40A.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: I don’t think he want that either.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD}
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: {2) 4g
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Shit. We gotta start making some rules
dialog: round this crib.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S LIVINGROOM - NIGHT 50
text: D.Jay admonishes Shug as he makes his way to the front door.
speaker_heading: D.JAY SHUG
dialog: Gotta get one ‘a them red You tell me not to answer the
dialog: light bulbs, put on the wall. door that’d be just fine with
dialog: Light it up when we workin’. me. Gotta get up off the
dialog: You’ know, “recording in couch every time....
dialog: session” and shit...
text: D.Jay opens the door with a jerk.
text: Standing on the porch is SHELBY, an optimistic looking white
text: boy - age 25. He is wearing a white button-down shirt and a
dialog: black tie.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Shit, you Mormons are some brave mother~
dialog: fuckers.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: No. I’m Shelby.
text: D.Jay notices he is holding a large duffle bag.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Okay, you Shelby.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (from the work room)
dialog: Come on back, Shel.
text: Shelby smiles at D.Jay as he passes. D.Jay is confused and
text: unable to protest. He looks at Shug. She shrugs.
text: D.Jay creeps through his own livingroom listening to Shelby
text: and Key talk with casual familiarity.
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT’D)
text: Turntable’s up. The mixer D. got has four
dialog: inputs, so we should be good with both
dialog: your boards.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Got a power strip?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 {Original White) 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 50
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: We tight. How many outlets you need?
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Three. I brought my MPC.
text: Shelby’s MPC 3000 is slammed down on the table.
text: D.Jay and Shug watch as Shelby removes two electronic
text: keyboards and a drum machine from his duffle bag.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Hey, Key. Let me uh... let me holla at
dialog: cha for a few.
text: Key leaves the work room behind. D.Jay leads him by the arm
text: out of earshot of Shelby.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Who’s that?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: That’s Shelby. He plays piano at my
dialog: church. Thought he'd come in and help us
dialog: develop our sound.
text: D.Jay looks over at Shelby rolling up his shirt sleeves.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You know he white, don’t you?
speaker_heading: KEY
text: He’s just light skinned.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT 51
text: Nola, shy and curious, places a glass of Kool-aid in front of
text: Shelby. He smiles.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I just woke up. I ain’t put any make-up
dialog: on or nothin’.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Get on, Nola.
text: Nola takes the hint and disappears.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURDS
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 43.
dialog: 51
text: D.Jay studies Shelby from across the table. Shelby is aware
text: of D.Jay’s intense stare.
dialog: D...
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You just come back from a funeral?
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: (taking off his tie)
dialog: Oh. I had to renew my driver’s license
dialog: today. I just decided, fuck it. I’m
dialog: dressing up for this one. Shouldn’t have
text: gone with the white shirt, though. It
text: bleeds in with the background. My head
text: looks like it’s floating in a tub of
dialog: milk.
dialog: (shows D.Jay his license)
dialog: See?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (not even looking at it)
dialog: Look it. I don’t know who you are but I
dialog: fly the fuckin’ plane around here. This
dialog: is my shit. My music.
speaker_heading: KEY D.JAY
dialog: You understand me?
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: My crib. My way.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Word.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: And if I decide...
dialog: {catching on)
dialog: WORD? Motherfucker, did you just say
dialog: “word?”
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: That’s just the way he... he... it just
dialog: sound funny comin’ from a white boy...
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Sounded like a dig to me.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 44.
speaker_heading: a1 CONTINUED: (2) 51
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: A dig?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Like I’m being made to look like a chump
dialog: in my own house. .
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: I was told you wanted to make music. And
dialog: it just so happens that I’m a musician.
dialog: So that’s why I’m here. I can be like...
text: Shelby burst into Flight of the Bumble Bee on his keyboard.
text: He is quite impressive, D.Jay is silenced.
speaker_heading: SHELBY (CONT’D)
dialog: Or I can be like...
text: Shelby shifts into a funky soul riff, switching the piano to
text: an organ with a push of a button.
text: Key smiles as Shelby tears up the keys. D.Jay sits down,
text: humbled and curious. Nola and Shug peek around the corner.
text: Shelby lays down a wicked melody as the keyboard pounds out
dialog: the percussion.
text: And then Shelby stops. He stares at D.Jay.
speaker_heading: SHELBY (CONT’D)
dialog: This could go on and on.
dialog: {Shelby folds his arms)
dialog: But... you fly the plane, Mr. D.Jay.
text: D.Jay looks over at Key and back at Shelby. Suddenly he is
text: very intimidated.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: You seen what he can do. Now show him
dialog: what you got.
text: D.Jay nervously flips through the pages of his note pad.
text: Shelby sips his Kool-aid waiting for D.Jay to say something.
speaker_heading: D.dAY
dialog: {concealing his fear)
dialog: I keep this pad on me. Jot down some...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 45.
speaker_heading: ane CONTINUED: (3) $1
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (nervous, changes subject}
dialog: Y'all wanna burn one first?
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Naw, we can toke up later. Let’s hear
dialog: what you got.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (flips through note pad)
dialog: I just got, like a... a few things
dialog: like...
dialog: (reading without passion)
dialog: I bet you won't beat that bitch.
dialog: Whoop that bitch.
dialog: Got us actin buck in this.
dialog: Hoes tellin me to calm down but I'm like
dialog: fuck that shit.
dialog: I'm already on that hypnotic and that
dialog: Grey Goose. :
text: A couple of shots of Hen that just gave
dialog: me another boost.
dialog: I’m feelin’...
text: D.Jay looks up at Key who has a concerned, sour face.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Well, D... I mean that sounds good but...
dialog: thing is... we want some radio play,
dialog: right? And if you got a song called...
dialog: Beat that bitch... some might say it’s...
dialog: degrading.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: {in D.Jay’s defense)
dialog: That's if bitch is a woman. This sounds
text: like a tear-da-club-up song.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: No. I ain’t callin’ no ho a bitch.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: I’m tellin’ you, Key. All the bitches I
dialog: know are guys.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: ¥’all are preachin’ to the choir. My
dialog: brother in law... borrows money off me
dialog: all the time... biggest bitch this side
dialog: of the Mississippi... But...
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
speaker_heading: e+ eR OF ot + OF
dialog: *
dialog: +e
speaker_heading: ee REF
speaker_heading: + OO RF
dialog: e+
speaker_heading: +O OE
dialog: a1
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 45A.
dialog: (4) 51
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Alright... D.Jay. If you had to say
dialog: somethin’ different... other than beat
dialog: that bitch... what would you say?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Whoop that trick.
text: Silence. Heads nod. Everybody likes it.
speaker_heading: D,.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I like that better than beat that
dialog: bitch. Like a chant. You know like...
dialog: (a soft chant)
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
text: Key joins in. The chant get louder.
dialog: Head sets, y'all...
scene_heading: SHELBY D.JAY & KEY
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
text: Everyone puts on their headsets. Shelby fires up the Key
text: board and lays down a wicked theme.
scene_heading: SHELBY D.JAY & KEY
dialog: Got some dark flow there. You Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: just need the right... ghetto Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: bottom to it. Some of that Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Dirty South, 808 bottom.
dialog: Like...
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
text: Shelby adds a beat from the MPC 3000. Boom, Boom-Boom, Boom.
text: The beat rumbles through the house. Nola and Shug can’t stay
text: away. They move into the doorway from the hall.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: (to Key)
dialog: Bring up his mic if you're rolling.
speaker_heading: D.JAY & KEY
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD}
speaker_heading: oF
dialog: + +
dialog: +e OK
dialog: +
dialog: ee ee
dialog: 51
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White} 45B.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 51
text: D.Jay flips to a different page in his pad and puts his mouth
text: to the mic. He is getting more heated, angrier. Directing his
text: flow to Shelby. Proving himself.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (rapping)
dialog: I’m gonna make you suckers recognize I
dialog: ain’t playin’ ho.
dialog: If you violatin’ off the top, trick, you
dialog: gotta go.
dialog: I done held in a lot of shit and I’m bout
dialog: to flip.
dialog: Now I think it’s time to show you bitches
dialog: who you fuckin’ wit.
dialog: D.Jay, that’s the name.
dialog: And I came to bring the pain.
dialog: Ana in my chest got me bustin’ at you
dialog: lemon lanes.
dialog: Y'ain’t know, you fuckin’ with a street
dialog: nigga.
text: From the gutter, pimp-type, slash, drug
dialog: dealer.
text: Shelby notices Shug and Nola grinning from ear to ear. He
text: waves them in. They cautiously flank D.Jay To hear.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: (rapping)
dialog: Born and raised in the M, Memphis
dialog: Tennessee.
dialog: Before it’s said and done you bitches
dialog: gonna remember me.
dialog: This only the beginning.
dialog: I gotta a lot to say.
dialog: It’s been a long time and you got hell to
dialog: pay.
dialog: Ain’t no love ho.
dialog: Just bring it to the door.
dialog: I bar none let my nuts hang to the floor.
dialog: So if you want some, this is your death
dialog: wish.
dialog: Better come corrected cuz I’m gonna break
dialog: you off trick.
dialog: It sounds so good! Everyone gets into it. Shelby, Shug, Nola,
text: and Key chant with D.Jay.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD |
dialog: + e+
scene_heading: +O Fb OF OE OF OR RR FO EEE HE
dialog: Hoe
speaker_heading: +e FE
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 45c.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: (6) 51
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
text: The whole crew is tossing their arms up and down to the
dialog: chant.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT’D)
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... Get ‘em.
text: Shelby hits his keys, making a dark explosion that ends the
dialog: song.
text: Silence. Everyone is panting. Overwhelmed. Inspired.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURDS
dialog: + %
dialog: +
speaker_heading: +b HH EEO OE
dialog: *
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 46-48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (7} Si
text: D.Jay, Key and Shelby all exchange looks.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Well, let’s smoke some weed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN ~ NIGHT 54
text: Shug is washing dishes with Roger is on her hip chewing on a
text: pacifier. She is singing a song with the beat as she works.
text: Nola enters and fills Shelby’s glass with more Kool-aid.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: It’s nice havin’ company.
speaker_heading: SHUG
speaker_heading: Mn-hm,
scene_heading: EXT. D.JAY’S HOUSE - NIGHT 55
text: The three men are sitting on the top step of D.day’s front
text: porch. They are passing a joint. Shelby is high and babbling.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: (finishing up a healthy
dialog: toke)
dialog: Thing is... and I believe this.
dialog: (exhales)
text: Rap is comin’ back home to the south.
text: Key moans in agreement as Nola hands Shelby his Kool-aid and
text: sits next to him
speaker_heading: SHELBY (CONT’D)
dialog: Cuz here is where it ail started. Heavy
text: percussion. Repetitive hook. Sexually
dialog: suggestive lyrics. It’s all blues. Back
dialog: Door Man to Back That Ass Up. It’s all
dialog: about pain, and pussy and...
dialog: (quickly to Nola)
dialog: Oh. Sorry, honey.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (laughing
dialog: That's okay.
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 49,
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: NOLA SHELBY
dialog: awkwardly) {back to it}
dialog: And... and... making music
dialog: with simple tools. By any
dialog: means necessary.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: By any and all means necessary.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Whether it’s Son House slappin’ his
dialog: guitar or Public Enemy samplin’ Isaac
dialog: Hayes. You get what you gotta say out.
dialog: Cuz you got to. Every man, you know, has
dialog: the right... the Goddamn right... to...
dialog: (everyone waits, while
dialog: Shelby tries to remember)
dialog: ... contribute a verse.
text: QUICK CUTS of another round of toking. We jump to later.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You know... I may pimp. I may hustle, I
dialog: may got to roll in circles that folks
dialog: might find... you know, objectionable.
dialog: But let me tell you... I roll with God.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: You got to. You got to!
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Cuz for me... God is peace of mind.
dialog: (Key hums his approval)
dialog: God is a standard that man should set for
dialog: his’seif. God... to me... is like... a
dialog: distribution deal.
text: Another set of tokes. Jumping to later.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: With a whole album, ten or twelve is
dialog: okay. But you make a demo that just gives
dialog: a little bit of a taste, like what kind’a
dialog: style we got. What makes us... us.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Then we just gotta get it in the right
dialog: hands. You know. Get us some tour
dialog: dates...
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Tour dates? We get five tracks, I’1ll be
dialog: grinning.
speaker_heading: {CONT TINUED}
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 50.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: (2) 55
dialog: Silence. Key
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (refers to his notepad)
dialog: Naw. I got this shit all mapped out. This
dialog: my agenda, see? Look it. Three years from
dialog: now we gotta win a Grammy.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: {laughing, holding in
dialog: smoke)
dialog: The fuck? We ain’t gonna win no Grammy!
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Well, you know, it’s an honor just to be
dialog: nominated.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: See this is what I’m talking about, D.
dialog: You get to thinkin’ too big, you lose
text: sight of the task at hand.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Then our first “task at hand” is get our
dialog: shit together by the Fourth of July. Cuz
dialog: I got somebody I gotta slip this shit to.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Ya’ll know Skinny Black?
dialog: and Shelby exchange looks.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: You mean, Skinny Black, Skinny Black?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Only one I know of.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: I got all his early underground stuff.
dialog: Back when he was good.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Nigga’s paid... I say that’s pretty good.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: So... you really know him? You ain’t just
dialog: sayin’ you know of him.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: We went to different schools and ali,
dialog: but... Yeah. I know Skinny.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 51.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: (3) 55
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Shelby)
dialog: Nigga just went platinum.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Never won a Grammy.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (points to his pad)
dialog: Well, he don’t got an agenda like we do.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 56 EXT. MEMPHIS STREET - NIGHT 56
text: A new beat blares over D.Jay’s radio as his Chevy Capri rolls
dialog: through downtown.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURDY
dialog: 56
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 56
scene_heading: EXT. CRYSTAL PALACE SKATING RING - NIGHT 58
dialog: This is the South Memphis scene. Blacks, Mexicans and bold
text: white rednecks roam the parkinglot in packs, scanning the
text: fresh parade of young ladies. Music, fights, flirting.
text: D.Jay and Key sit in the front seat of the parked car. Shelby
text: and Nola are outside, leaning against the back of the Chevy.
text: D.dJay has two Styrofoam cups. He produces a bottle of Crown
text: Royal and begins making their @rinks.
speaker_heading: D.dAY
dialog: Way you been takin’ care of me and
dialog: mine... you get as fucked up as you want.
dialog: I got your back tonight.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Ain’t been lit like this in long time...
dialog: I don’t know if I should be... is that
dialog: Crown? Oooo. Breakin’ out the good shit.
dialog: Pass that on over.
text: Outside, Nola and Shelby watch the cars roll by slowly - the
dialog: nightly mating ritual.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: Do you got a regular job, like during the
dialog: day?
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: You mean that which pays my bills but
dialog: does not feed my soul?
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURND}
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 53.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: I restock vending machines. You know,
dialog: soda. Candy. Microwave popcorn. All that
dialog: shit. I gotta get up at the crack and hit
dialog: all these truck stops off the interstate
dialog: before I head over to the high schools.
dialog: I’m alone all day and I smell like
text: Skittles and sticky buns.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I thought my job sucked.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Well, what I lack in benefits... I make
dialog: up for in Moon Pies.
text: Inside the car, Key kills the last of his drink. D.Jay gives
text: him another refill.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: So this shit about Skinny... That’s real?
dialog: Cuz even if he listens to what we got, we
dialog: don’t know what he’s gonna do with it.
dialog: It’s a one in million shot, D. One ina
dialog: million...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: If I can pimp 20 dollar tricks out the
dialog: back of a Chevy... I can pimp Skinny.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: I know it’s the only plan we got but...
dialog: Still sounds like winnin’ the lottery.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (lights a cigarette)
dialog: Just get me there, Key, and I’11l do what
dialog: I got to do.
dialog: {points to himself)
dialog: This dog, you know, he got some tricks.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: You mean “old” dog?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Didn’t say that.
text: Key thinks. Takes a drink.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: My wife... She a good woman. Feeds me.
dialog: Loves me. Gets freaky on my birthday.
dialog: (they both laugh)
speaker_heading: {MORE}
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD}
dialog: e + eee eH
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 53A.
dialog: (2) 58
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT’D)
dialog: But I... I can’t help but feel...
dialog: {sadness hits)
dialog: You know I talked a big game to her when
dialog: I was young. My own studio. My own label.
dialog: Now I’m just payin’ the rent. She don’t
dialog: mind but for me... Just whole lot of the
dialog: same.
dialog: {tears hit Key by
dialog: surprise)
dialog: I ain't talked to nobody about this.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Go’on, Key.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (overcome)
dialog: I just been feelin’ myself shut down.
dialog: Like I missed an exit, you know, ona
dialog: freeway, and I just can’t... turn this
dialog: mother~fucker around.
dialog: (takes another drink)
dialog: I wanna give you my all, D.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: {(CONTTNURD)
speaker_heading: + Ok tO OO Oe
dialog: +
dialog: +e te
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 58
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Cuz it ain’t over for me. Naw what I
dialog: mean? It ain’t over.
dialog: (wipes away tears)
dialog: Damn weed and Crown got me cryin’.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. D.JAY’S HOUSE - NIGHT 59
text: D.Jay shuts the passenger side door of Shelby’s car where Key
text: has passed out. Shelby sits in the driver’s seat.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Well, I better roll my ass back to
dialog: Cordova. Been a night to remember.
text: Shelby’s car takes off. D.Jay and Nola stand side by side at
text: the curb. Both feel exhilarated and inspired.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I’s thinkin’ about callin’ my parents.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: What fer?
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: What we’re doin’ now. It just feels...
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: It is important. It’s got to be. If it
dialog: don’t get important... I'm gonna shoot
dialog: myself in the head.
text: Nola giggles and smiles.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: Thank you for letting me come tonight.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Hey. No problem.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S HOUSE - NIGHT 60
text: Upon opening his front door, D.Jay and Nola have walked right
text: into the middle of a serious argument.
text: Shug and Lexus are in each other’s face. Lexus is holding
text: Roger as he screams and cries.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: You don’t tell me what to do with my son,
dialog: bitch! If11 do whatever the hell fuck I
dialog: wanna do...
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD}
dialog: 60
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: SHUG LEXUS
dialog: You can’t be screamin’ like I pay for all this shit. This
dialog: that, Lex! fuckin’ house should be mine.
dialog: {upon seeing D.Jay)
dialog: Well, check this. Look who
dialog: showed up.
text: Nola dashes past Lexus and clutches the door frame to the
text: kitchen. She is fearful and a little paranoid.
dialog: workroom.
speaker_heading: LEXUS (CONT'D}
dialog: You supposed to pick me up three hours
dialog: ago, D. I been standin’ outside all night
dialog: all by myself. Had to take a taxi all the
dialog: way back, ate up all my little monies. So
dialog: you ain’t gettin’ shit from me tonight.
text: . D.Jay tries to ignore Lexus. He walks past her towards his
speaker_heading: LEXUS (CONT'D)
dialog: You ain’t gonna never be more than what
dialog: you is, D. A fuckin’ chauffeur. Yeah,
dialog: that’s right. Come to think of it, I
dialog: wanna go make some money, I wanna go
dialog: shake some ass, go suck some dick...
dialog: (snapping her fingers)
dialog: D.Jay go get the car, boy. I’m ready to
dialog: make me some money. Go on, now. Run
dialog: along, bitch.
text: D.Jay crosses to Lexus, fists clinched at his side. Shug,
text: fearful for Roger’s safety, intercepts - holding D.Jay back.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD}
dialog: 60
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 60
speaker_heading: SHUG LEXUS
dialog: She holdin’ Roger, D. She got Yeah, here it come. Come on
dialog: the baby! pimp, keep this bitch in
dialog: line. Go on, do your shit,
dialog: nigga.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (with restrained fury)
dialog: You and me. We done, gal.
text: D.Jay turns, passing Nola, and disappears into the back of
text: the house while Lexus continues to scream after him.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Yeah, we done. Go on, play with your
dialog: toys. Ya sorry-assed punk.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Lex, I’m tellin’ you, you gotta back
dialog: off...
text: D.Jay comes out of the back of the house with two dresser
text: drawers filled with assorted clothes hanging out of them.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: What now...
text: Lexus calls after D.Jay as he opens the front door and tosses
text: the dresser drawers out onto the cement steps.
speaker_heading: LEXUS (CONT’D)
dialog: The hell are you doing?!
text: Roger is screaming now. D.Jay abruptly turns into Lexus’
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: D.JAY LEXUS
dialog: You think your shit don’t I ain’t pickin’ any of that
dialog: stink? You think that ass shit up, D. You want me to
dialog: gonna be your meal ticket for leave, I’11 pick up. But you
dialog: the rest of your life, then can’t expect me... you can’t
dialog: you get on? See how you do do this... not right now!
dialog: without this mother-fuckin’
dialog: chauffeur,
text: D.Jay rushes back to the back room.
text: He pulls the baby crib out of the back room, ripping it
text: against the wall as Lexus shouts.
speaker_heading: {(CONTTNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White} 56A.
speaker_heading: 60 CONTINUED: (3) 60
speaker_heading: LEXUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t you fuckin’ touch my shit. I'1l get
dialog: it. If11 get it! Just GET OUTTA My SHIT,
speaker_heading: Dt
text: Shug tries to reason with D.Jay as he tosses the baby crib
text: out the door.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD)
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 60
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: D, don’t. She got the baby with her...
text: In the back room, Lexus starts stuffing her possessions in a
text: bag, fearing she won’t be able to take them with her. She is
text: trying to juggle packing and holding on to Roger at the same
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: (cursing to herself}
dialog: Think I can’t do on my own... like I need
dialog: you...
dialog: (screaming out ioud)
dialog: I can’t do this now, D!
text: D.Jay bursts into the room, scaring Lexus, as he grabs her by
dialog: the arm.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: Out!
speaker_heading: LEXUS
dialog: Don’t touch me! Get’cha hands off me, D!
text: D.Jay pulls Lexus forcefully out of the room, Roger screams
text: as Lexus pleads with D.Jay.
speaker_heading: LEXUS (CONT’D)
dialog: Where you expect me to go? HUH?
text: D.Jay pushes her out the front door.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You can go to heli, all I give a fuck.
text: D.Jay slams the door in her face. Hearing Roger scream
text: outside, he turns to find both Shug and Nola starring at him.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: GET’CHA GODDAMN EYES OFF ME!
text: Shug keeps her distance as D.Jay passes. He slams the door to
text: his workroom behind him. A muffled beat can be heard. Nola
text: rushes to the bathroom and slams the door behind her.
scene_heading: INT. THE BATHROOM - NIGHT 61
text: Nola removes the small bag of blow from her pocket. She
text: snorts it up using her pinky fingernail. She then crawls into
text: the bathtub and looks above her at the bare bulb.
text: The blow takes effect as the muffled sounds grow louder and
text: closer. A moth flutters around the bulb, burning its wings.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White} 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
text: The beat stops.
speaker_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT. UNDER THE OLD BRIDGE - DAY 62
text: D.Jay leans against his car and smokes a cigarette. The cars
text: roll by on the bridge above as D.Jay stares at the
text: Mississippi and ponders his troubles.
text: He pulls out his pad and stares at a blank page. Closing his
text: eyes, D.Jay begins waving his hand up and down to a beat in
dialog: his head.
text: We begin to hear the beat as we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - DAY 63
text: The beat continues as we MOVE to later that day. Shelby and
text: D.Jay are huddled over the drum machine tapping out a new
text: beat with their fingers.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Okay... wait... check this?
text: Shelby tries a new beat. Key adjusts the input level on his
text: mixer, one side of his headset to his ear.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: That’s workin’. Kick that 8, man.
text: Key’s beeper goes off - a frown comes to his face followed by
text: a stressful breath.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: ¥’all keep talkin’ on this 8.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Short for 800 megahertz. It’s one of the
dialog: lowest audible bass beats you can make.
dialog: I’m talkin’ serious, hoopty shakin’ shit.
dialog: It's that...
text: He demonstrates, tapping a square that creates a low “Boom”
text: that shakes the walls.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Shit. Crack a tooth on that.
text: Key steps out of the room as Shelby starts laying down a tune
text: to the beat on the keyboard - a wicked anthem.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
text: The two suddenly realize that Key is having an argument on
text: the phone. They stop and listen.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Like I said... when I finish up...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: I’m not gonna put a time on it. I’1l get
dialog: it done when I get it done. If I start
dialog: telling you a certain...
dialog: (Listens)
dialog: If I tell you a certain time, then you
dialog: gonna hold me to it and I’11 probably be
dialog: late and I...
dialog: (listens, gets angry}
dialog: We’ re not gonna do this now... I said
dialog: we‘re not...
text: Key notices D.Jay is watching him from the next room.
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT’D)}
dialog: We’1ll talk about this later, Yevette.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Later, Yevette! Like I said...
text: Key looks at the phone. Yevette hung up on him. Key is about
text: to slam the phone down on the receiver but manages to keep
text: his cool. He hangs up the phone and walks back towards D.Jay.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: We gonna get to work?
text: Key ignores D.Jay as he passes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - DAY 64
text: D.dJay is reciting rap from his pad as Shelby provides the
dialog: beat loop.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (rapping)
dialog: Man it seems like I'm ducking, dodging
dialog: bullets everyday.
dialog: Niggas hatin’ on me cause I got hoes on
dialog: the track.
dialog: But I gotta stay paid, I gotta stay above
dialog: water.
dialog: Couldn't keep up with my hoes.
dialog: That's when shit got harder.
dialog: North Memphis is where I'm from. i'm
dialog: seventh street bound.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: *
speaker_heading: eo OF
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 59A.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Where niggas ail the time end up lost and
dialog: never found.
dialog: Man these girls they do group things
dialog: leave a big headache.
dialog: I'm hopin every night they don't end up
dialog: being dead..
text: And then everything stops. Key has turned off the sound of
text: the drum machine and the keyboards. He is visibly frustrated.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: {CONT TNUFD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 60.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: (2) 64
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: I think we got to make a choice whether
dialog: or not we want to make some free-style,
dialog: free-for-all or if we gonna actually make
dialog: a track. You know, one that might get
dialog: some radio play.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I thought that’s what we was doin’.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: No. We doin’ a whole lot of flow, is what
dialog: we doin’. It just goes on and on and on.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: There’s no hook.
speaker_heading: D.JAY :
dialog: So let's get some hook. I mean, you the
dialog: producer. Fuck. Just say what’s gotta be
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: We gotta lay something down. Anything.
dialog: Even if it’s shit. Like I been saying,
text: the way to completion is in layers.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I don’t want to lay shit on top of shit.
speaker_heading: KEY
text: (pissed, folding his arms,
dialog: leaning back)
dialog: Well that’s the wonder of audio tape, D.
dialog: You can just tape right over the shit.
text: There is a silence that hurts. D.Jay stands up.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Do you need some ass? Cuz I got some
dialog: right outside this door.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Man, fuck you, D.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Fuck me? Naw! Fuck Yevette! She the one
dialog: got you wound like a clock...
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Hey, guys. Let's keep it light.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 61.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: (3} 64
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: {standing, furious)
dialog: You listen to me, ya dirt-rascal pimp.
dialog: You keep my wife’s name out-cha mouth.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Sound like she the one need to put
dialog: somethin’ in her mouth! Naw what I mean?
text: Key lunges at D.Jay. Shelby grabs them both as their faces
dialog: get so close they could kiss.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Whoa! Could we not do this? Could we
dialog: just... smoke a joint for Christ sake!
text: A knock is at the door. Everyone freezes.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: It’s me, Shug.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: We workin’ now, Gal. What’chu want?
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: I got somethin’ for you.
text: The three men exchange looks and then carefully release each
text: other. They all slowly return to their stations.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: Yeah, come on, Shug.
text: Shug enters holding a box.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: I’m sorry, y’all. Didn’t mean to disturb
dialog: yo recording.
text: She removes a green lava lamp. Everyone looks at it with
text: confusion and curiosity as she sets it up on the table.
speaker_heading: SHUG (CONT’D)
dialog: They had this interview with Skinny Black
dialog: on TV. Look like he got one of these in
dialog: the studio he use. So I thought I’d go
dialog: down to the Mall and get you one.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD)
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4} 64
text: She turns it on. green colors ooze in a hypnotic motion. The
text: men are captivated. Shug smiles at her contribution and
dialog: leaves.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: (with awe and respect)
dialog: Now, that’s bottom bitch right there.
speaker_heading: KEY SHELBY
dialog: Good woman. Good good woman. Wow! It’s like she was a
dialog: little angel, just flew in
dialog: and flew out.
text: D.Jay leans in and looks at the lava lamp.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: All of this. It’s bigger just sittin’ in
dialog: this tiny room. We got everything we need
dialog: and I ain’t got shit in my head.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: It takes time.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: {holds his head)
dialog: I’m tryin’ to squeeze a dollar out of a
dialog: dime. I ain’t gotta cent.
text: Silence. Shelby stares at the lava lamp.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Do you all believe in omens?
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - LATER - DAY 65
text: Shelby is laying down a simple melody on the keys, no
text: percussion. Shug is listening intently.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Okay, I’m going to play with you until
dialog: you've got the melody down. But don’t
dialog: rush it. We’ve got time to get it right.
text: Nola sits down in the corner of the workroom. She hugs her
text: knees, nervous for Shug. D.Jay looks helpless in the corner =
text: as he watches Shelby coax a performance out of Shug.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD}
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 63.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Shug, I’m gonna need you to move closer
dialog: to the mic.
dialog: (she complies)
dialog: Can you hear yourself. Say something.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Hello?
text: Thumbs up from Key.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: What we need right now is what we call
text: “hook.” It’s like the chorus of a song.
dialog: {he hands a sheet of
dialog: lyrics to Shug)
dialog: These are the lyrics. Real simple. But we
dialog: need some soul behind it.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Kill the fans.
text: D.Jay snaps at Nola. She turns off the fans.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Okay, I suck. But I’m gonna sing it with
dialog: you until you got it down. Cover your
dialog: ears.
speaker_heading: SHELBY (CONT'D)
dialog: (singing and snapping)
dialog: You know it’s hard out here for a pimp.
dialog: When ya tryin’ to get the money for the
dialog: rent.
dialog: With the Cadillac and gas money spent.
dialog: Cause a whole lotta bitches jumpin’ ship.
dialog: (speaking quickly to Shug)
dialog: Sing with me. And...
text: Shug leans into the mic. She is timid and soft, occasionally
text: looking at D.Jay for encouragement.
speaker_heading: SHUG & SHELBY
dialog: (singing with Shelby)
dialog: You know it’s hard out here for a pimp.
dialog: When ya tryin’ to get the money for the
dialog: rent.
dialog: With the Cadillac and gas money spent.
dialog: Cause a whole lotta bitches jumpin’ ship.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Come on, Shug. Get behind it.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
speaker_heading: * eee OE
speaker_heading: +e HOOF
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 64.
dialog: (2) 65
text: She tackles the verse again, this time much more
text: aggressively. Nola rocks back and forth, she snaps her
dialog: fingers with Shug.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (singing)
dialog: You know it’s hard out here for a pimp.
dialog: When ya tryin’ to get the money for the
dialog: rent.
text: D.Jay moves closer to Shug, drawn to her sudden talent. They
text: look at each other as she sings: aggressive, passionate.
speaker_heading: SHUG (CONT'D)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: With the Cadillac and gas money spent.
dialog: Cause a whole lotta bitches jumpin’ ship.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: {firm, commanding)
dialog: Bitch, you better let it out.
text: D.Jay smacks her on the ass. It pushes Shug into a state of
text: control. She sings right at D.Jay who glares and grins with
dialog: awe and approval.
dialog: Shelby barks
dialog: others eyes.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (perfect)
dialog: You know it’s hard out here for a pimp.
dialog: When ya tryin’ to get the money for the
dialog: rent.
dialog: With the Cadillac and gas money spent.
dialog: Cause a whole lotta bitches jumpin’ ship.
dialog: (again, better)
dialog: You know it’s hard out here for a pimp.
dialog: When ya tryin’ to get the money for the
dialog: rent.
dialog: With the Cadillac and gas money spent.
dialog: Cause a whole lotta bitches jumpin’ ship.
text: at Key as D.Jay and Shug remain locked into each
dialog: This is his girl.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: That’s the money take, right there.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (rewinding, listening)
dialog: Hold on...
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: Hey, I wanna do one.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: % 4
dialog: * +e et
speaker_heading: eX
dialog: *
speaker_heading: FO OR eR EE
dialog: £5
dialog: 66
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 64A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Nola, hush up!
dialog: 65
text: Nola shrinks back into the corner. Shelby barks at Key again.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: You got that down or don’t you?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Alright everybody out! We gotta work on
dialog: this alone. You too, D. Let us work.
text: D.Jay is surprised at being kicked out of his own room - but
text: he is quick to obey. They all exit, shutting the door behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY'’S LIVING ROOM - DAY
dialog: 66
text: D.Jay remains standing, staring at the closed door as Shug
text: sits down on the couch, Nola beside her. It is as if the
text: three are waiting for a baby to be born.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNUFD 1
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
text: A muffled beat lifts D.Jay and the girl’s attention to the
text: door. D.Jay takes a breath, nervous.
text: Through the door they listen to Shelby and Key shout. Then
text: there is silence.
text: Shelby opens the door.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: (to D.day)
dialog: You're on, dog.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - DAY 67
text: QUICK CUTS: Red dots rise as the FOUR TRACK rewinds. Plug in.
text: Push. Adjust levels. Scans through the-menu of the MPC 3000.
dialog: Key listens and then:
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUFD)
dialog: «7
dialog: 68
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: D. We layin’ you down now. That means
dialog: it’s a fixed length. Don’t do more than
dialog: what you got down on your pad.
text: D.Jay is scared and excited. He rubs the sweat off his palms
text: and removes his notepad from his back pocket.
text: CUTS of rewinding tape - Shug’s voice is playing in reverse.
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Alright, kill the fans.
text: The fans are turned off again.
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (hearing something in his
dialog: headphones) :
dialog: Is the TV on in the... Shhhhh.
text: All is quiet in the room. But outside the neighborhood is
text: still alive. A pounding muffled bass beat can be heard.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Goddamn it!
text: D.Jay opens the bottom drawer behind him and removes two
text: quarter ounce bags of bud.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: (as he leaves)
dialog: This day is fuckin’ with my Mode.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. R.L.’S HOUSE - DAY 68
text: D.Jay knocks on the door of the shotgun house next to his.
text: R.L. opens the door - the man is muscular and fierce looking.
text: Behind him are two of his friends - equally as fierce looking
text: - playing on a Playstation. The rap music is deafening.
text: D.Jay puts on a smile as all eyes are on him.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: R.L.... I know we've had some words in
dialog: the past. Some of ‘em wasn’t too
dialog: friendly. But I respect you and your boys
dialog: right to do whatever it is you want to do
dialog: in your own house and do it as much as
dialog: you want to do it. But the thing is...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD)
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: is I got something going on in my crib
dialog: that requires some... silence....
text: One of R.L.’s boys stands in the back - all eyes on D.Jay.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D}
dialog: And though I would never demand... I can
dialog: only suggest with a gesture of
dialog: neighborly, you know... friendship...
dialog: {holding out the two bags
dialog: of bud)
dialog: --. to please... consider the MUTE button
dialog: for a spell.
text: R.L. takes the bags of bud, opens one, sniffs it. He then
text: points the remote in his hand toward the stereo. All goes
dialog: quiet.
text: R.L. shuts the door.
scene_heading: EXT. D.JAY'S HOUSE - DAY 69
text: D.Jay leaps his fence. A few children are running up his
text: sidewalk with squirt guns - screaming and shouting.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Uh-uh. Naw. Y'all take that shit up to
dialog: your own yards. Go play somewhere’s else.
text: A brave boy squirts D.Jay in the side of the head and bursts
text: into laughter. D.dJay grips the dying tree in his front yard
text: and rips a switch off.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh, you think that’s funny?
dialog: (running after the boy)
dialog: I know your daddy! I know your daddy!
text: The kids scramble in all directions.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM ~ DAY 70
text: D.Jay sits in his seat - he is almost out of breath.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: We gonna need to get some more drink
dialog: holders.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Stand by everyone.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUFD}
dialog: 70
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: SHELBY
text: Standing by.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Yeah, me too. I’m here.
text: Key hits it. He spins his finger in the air and mouths the
dialog: words: Rolling.
text: Shug’s voice explodes over the headphones. She sounds
text: incredible. She has to cover her mouth she’s so excited.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: (rapping)
dialog: With my eyes I done seen some crazy
dialog: things in these streets.
dialog: Gotta couple hos working on the changes
dialog: for me.
dialog: But I gotta keep my game tight like Kobe
dialog: on game night.
dialog: Like takin from a ho don't know no
dialog: better, I know that ain't right.
dialog: The same people killed the same people
dialog: deal.
dialog: The same people live in poverty with no
dialog: meals.
dialog: It's fucked up where I live but this is
dialog: how it is.
dialog: It might be new to you but it's been like
dialog: this for years.
text: It's blood sweat and tears when it comes
dialog: down to this shit.
dialog: I'm trying to get rich before I leave up
dialog: out this bitch.
dialog: I'm trying to have things but it's hard
dialog: for a pimp,
dialog: but I’m praying and I'm hoping to God I
dialog: don't slip
text: Shug’s hook returns. Her and Nola are dancing to it. Key
text: looks concerned. He keeps adjusting levels - something is
dialog: wrong.
text: D.Jay is about to start on the second verse. Suddenly, the
text: tape stops.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Cutting.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
speaker_heading: WHAT!
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: *
dialog: 70
dialog: 7
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 68A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 70
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Nigga, I gotta another verse!
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: D, I gotta talk to you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. D.JAY’S HOUSE - LATE DAY 7
text: D.Jay and Key are in a heated debate on the porch.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: You gotta understand... I only bring this
dialog: up cuz things goin’ so good. I mean this
dialog: is goin’ a whole lot better than I
dialog: thought. I just want it to be perfect.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: It sounded perfect to me.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: It don’t matter what sounded good to you,
dialog: D. It matters what I hear through the
dialog: current. And I’m tellin’ you that
dialog: microphone ain't shit.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: What’s wrong with it?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: {holding it up)
dialog: The mics we’re using got a wider pattern,
dialog: D. They’re too flat. You start screamin’
text: they distort and pop out.
speaker_heading: D.dJAY
dialog: Just when I get up you gotta fuck with my
dialog: Mode. I ain’t gonna be that live again. I
dialog: don’t care what mic I’m on. Shit was
dialog: live.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: It was live, D. It was also distorted.
text: D.Jay storms off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUSIC SHOP - DAY 72
text: The SHOP OWNER is resisting D.Jay’s hustle. He is a portly,
text: red-breaded, sweaty guy, with black-rimmed glasses.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I just don't see why I gotta pay so much
dialog: more money for that microphone and the
dialog: one right next to it, look just like it,
dialog: cost half. If I buy two can I get ‘em
dialog: both for ninety dollars.
text: Nola is bored and browsing through the CD collection.
speaker_heading: SHOP OWNER
dialog: These are studio quality, They cost two
dialog: hundred and fifty dollars. Why would I
dialog: give you two at ninety apiece.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: Cuz the customer always right. Ain’t
dialog: nobody told you that?
speaker_heading: SHOP OWNER
dialog: Not in this case, sir, no. If you want
dialog: quality, you have to pay for it.
text: The shop owner briefly looks over at Nola browsing the
dialog: portable stereos.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 72
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: SHOP OWNER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: What’ chu lookin’ at?
speaker_heading: SHOP OWNER
dialog: Nothin’.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Now, hold up, Sparky. I ain’t gonna pop.
dialog: See the thing is... I got it good with
dialog: that one over there. She my girl and all
dialog: but she ain’t really my girl.
text: The shop owner looks confused. D.Jay peeks over at Nola.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Now, she gonna wanna lock that door and
dialog: see what kind’a specials you got goin’ on
dialog: in back. And me? I’m the kind'a man that
dialog: can walk right outside and leave
dialog: somethin’ like her behind - cuz, truth
dialog: is, she don’t belong to me. Not like
dialog: that.
dialog: (D.Jay pauses for effect)
dialog: And maybe, when she ready to go, she can
dialog: take somethin’ that don’t belong to her
dialog: neither.
text: The shop owner looks down at the microphone.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Like you say... If you want quality...
dialog: you gonna have to pay.
text: D.Jay pats him on the shoulder as he walks away.
text: He whispers into Nola’s ear. She listens and then looks over
text: at the nervous shop owner. She rolls her eyes and furiously
text: whispers into D.Jay’s ear. He whispers back - a little louder
text: this time, grabbing her arm forcefully.
text: She pulls away with a jerk. D.Jay exits ‘with a broad smile.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Y'all be good.
text: Nola inhales and exhales deliberately, turning the lock on
text: the door. She turns to the Shop Owner.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 {Original White) 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 72
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: (unable to fake a smile)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S CHEVY - OUTSIDE THE PAWN SHOP - LATER ~ DAY 73
text: Nola opens her door and slams it shut behind her as she plops
text: down beside D.Jay. D.Jay looks at her, expectantly, but she
dialog: reveals nothing.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You got somethin’ for me?
text: Nola explodes at D.Jay, hitting him in the shoulder. It
text: startles him at first.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: Don’t you ever do that to me again!
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Now, hold up...
speaker_heading: NOLA D.JAY
dialog: I ain’t some fuckin’ cash {pulling out a twenty)
dialog: machine, where you can get Now I was gonna pay you what
dialog: shit for free! I gotta have a you make... weren’t in there
dialog: say in what I do. I gotta for more than half a minute.
dialog: have a say! I ain’t gonna Ain’t like you sweatin’
dialog: suck dick every time you come bullets in the back of some
dialog: up short! Fuck you, D! Fuck niggaz car... Hey you got
dialog: you! somethin’ for me? DO YOU GOT
dialog: SOMETHIN’ FOR ME?!
text: Nola reaches into her bag and throws the microphone at D.Jay.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: Here! Take it! You fuckin’ earned it.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Shit, Nola! You can’t be throwin’ this!
dialog: This here a dynamic mic, studio quality.
dialog: Couple hundred dollars right here!
text: D.Jay realizes that Nola is sobbing. He tries to touch her
text: but she pulls away.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Now don’t get like this. Hey. You heard
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 72.
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)}
dialog: {it’s rare that Nola
text: cries, so D.Jay gets a
dialog: little nervous)
dialog: We... We take care of our shit, Nola. By
dialog: any means. We do what we gotta do. Ain’t
dialog: that right? Huh?
dialog: (No answer)
dialog: Look it. You think I want this? You think
dialog: I wanna spend the rest of my life pimpin’
dialog: yo pimpled country ass... well, I don’t,
dialog: baby. NOT ME!
text: D.Jay grips the wheel attempting to quell his angry.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: (through her tears)
dialog: Don't you know, D? Don’t you know what I
dialog: do in them cars.
dialog: (sorrow over takes her) .
dialog: BE’ erybody got somethin’ to do! And I just
dialog: want...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: What? Say it!
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: Somethin’ I can...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO?!
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: NOT THIS!
text: Nola tries to swallow her tears, looking out the window.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: The way I saw it... you was on the other
dialog: side of the table, you know, with me.
dialog: More like a... a executive producer.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: Ain’t that just another way to say I
dialog: gotta eat dick.
text: The statement silences D.Jay. Nola wipes the tears from her
text: face and the snot from her nose. D.Jay leans close.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I think I got you dressed all wrong.
dialog: Bitch like you need to be in a suit. Get
dialog: you a mobile with an earphone jack. I’m
dialog: tellin’ you...
speaker_heading: {MORE}
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD}
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White} 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 73
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: once I get you into some different shoes,
dialog: you gonna feel better... You gonna look
dialog: like you in charge.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: (looks him dead in the
dialog: eye)
dialog: D. I know when you mess with my head to
dialog: get what you want. And I let you do it.
dialog: Cuz sometimes I need my head to be messed
dialog: with. But right now... just don’t do it,
dialog: okay?
text: D.Jay nods respectfully and starts up the car. They drive
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: -INT. KEY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT : 74
text: The oven timer dings.
text: Yevette removes a baked ham from her oven.
scene_heading: INT. KEY’S HOUSE - DINNING ROOM/ INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - 75
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Yevette prepares a plate for herself at the empty dinning
dialog: room table.
text: Key shouts at Shelby over the beat.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: High hat! Put some high hat shit on top!
dialog: Right there with the kick. It should go
dialog: like, boom, boom, tack... ba-TEEK!
text: With a deep sigh Yevette looks at Key’s empty chair. She then
text: shakes the sorrow away, laces her fingers and bows her head.
text: Shug is laying down in the bathtub covered in blankets. Key
text: is adjusting a mic positioned over her.
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT'D}
dialog: Try it now, baby.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Keep Hustlin’... Keep flowin’.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (calling out}
dialog: How was that?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 73A.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 75
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: (o.c.)
dialog: Tell her to put some dick in it!
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (gently to Shug)
dialog: He say you need to put more dick in it,
dialog: baby.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (sweet as can be)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: We see Yevette pray.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: (praying)
dialog: Most gracious and heavenly father... We
dialog: ask that you bless this food and bless...
dialog: our home...
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURBD)
dialog: aed
dialog: to
dialog: +
speaker_heading: 7S
dialog: 76
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 75
text: Yevette cannot continue. Tears come to her eyes as she covers
dialog: her mouth.
text: Looking at the empty chair, Yevette calms herself. There is a
text: refreshing sense of clarity in her eyes - the woman has made
dialog: up her mind.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. D.JAY’S HOUSE - NIGHT 76
text: Yevette is dressed in a conservative brown blouse, holding a
text: covered serving plate. She knocks. Shug opens the door.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: I’m... my name is Yevette, I’m Clyde's...
dialog: Excuse me... Key’s wife.
speaker_heading: SHUG
text: He in back with the rest of the fellas.
dialog: They fixin’ to cut.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Cut?
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Yeah. They recordin’ somethin’. It’s what
dialog: they call it. Cut.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: Well... I just wanted to drop this off.
dialog: It’s nothing, really. dust, sandwiches
dialog: and... there’s dill sauce in the middle
dialog: to dip if...
text: Yevette hears a loud rhythm from the other room. She tries to
text: fan away the tears welling in her eyes.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t want to disturb him or... or
dialog: cause any fuss... I just...
dialog: {distracted by Shug’s
dialog: stomach)
dialog: Boy are you pregnant.
text: Shug takes the dish from Yevette and takes her by the hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Come on in. It’s okay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - NIGHT 77 *
text: Shug opens the door to the back room where all the boys are
text: crammed and working.
text: Nola is sitting on the floor by the fan carefully writing
text: D.Jay on the tape labels; Key has his headphones on, testing
text: levels; D.Jay mumbles through some flow scribbled in his
text: notebook;. Shelby is huddled by the MPC 3000 going over beats.
text: Shelby is creating really loud beats on the drum machine. He
text: stops temporarily to speak with D.Jay.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: I think you should throw your best ball.
dialog: To me that’s the second bit.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Hey fellas?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: We gonna gab or we gonna roll?
text: Key slaps his hands together and turns around toward the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (taking command)
dialog: Alright, alright. Let’s beat this bitch!
text: Upon seeing Yevette next to Shug, terror seizes Key as he
text: snatches the headphones off his head and stands.
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh... shit...
text: Everyone else in the room turns to see Yevette.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Shelby, Mickey... this here is Yevette.
dialog: This is Key’s wife.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 76.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: i
text: Shelby and Mickey stand. Yevette is thankful that Shug is
text: doing ali the talking. Key is paralyzed.
speaker_heading: SHUG (CONT'D)
dialog: (handing the serving tray
dialog: to D.day}
dialog: And look, y’ali. She brought everybody
dialog: sandwiches.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: There’s dill sauce. For you to dip, if...
dialog: (her eyes meet Key’s)
dialog: you all want...
text: D.Jay stands, facing Yevette.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You know, Key worked: real hard on this
dialog: last one. You should stay and listen.
speaker_heading: YEVETTE
dialog: I didn’t want to interrupt. I thought...
dialog: it being dinner time...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: We'd like it if you could stay.
dialog: {to Key)
dialog: Huh, Key?
text: Key remains staring at Yevette who stares back expectant,
dialog: nervous.
scene_heading: 78 INT. D.JA¥Y’S WORK ROOM - NIGHT 78
text: D.Jay is petting the new studio mic fastened to the desk lamp
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: This track here... It’s a piece of my
dialog: heart. So, before I put my mouth to this
dialog: mic and do this, I’d like to bless it
dialog: with a kiss from our primary investor.
text: D.Jay slowly spins the new mic to Nola. She is embarrassed
text: but Shelby encourages her.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: Go on, girl.
text: Nola kisses the mic with her eyes closed. The mic spins back
text: toward D.Jay.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUFN)
dialog: *
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: 719
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Well, just like our primary investor,
dialog: this mic is real hot. So fans off.
text: The fans are turned off. A beat is heard as we push in on the
text: blades slowly turning to a stop.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S WORK ROOM - LATER - NIGHT 79
text: D.Jay is concentrating hard. His flow is tight and confident.
text: Tape is rolling.
speaker_heading: D.dAY
dialog: (rapping)
dialog: This is my life and it’s a battle
dialog: within’. I gotta survive even if I'm
dialog: sinnin’ to win.
dialog: And if I show no remorse I reap the
dialog: devil’s reward.
dialog: He said he'll give me riches but I'm
dialog: searchin’ for more.
dialog: When I was young witness my dad standin
dialog: for right.
text: Black pride in him even though he passin’
dialog: for white.
dialog: Took years from my life now I'm missin
dialog: it, mane.
dialog: Mom on some other shit now I’m missin’
dialog: the plan.
dialog: So I'm stuck in that fuck the world mold.
dialog: Adolescence to a teen the world been so
dialog: cold.
dialog: Then my pimpin’ ass uncle put me up on
dialog: the game. -
dialog: It really ain't no love it's bout that
dialog: paper mane.
dialog: Put me in the position got me out ona
dialog: mission.
dialog: Collectin’ from the hos turned me about
dialog: pimpin’.
text: A nigga from Memphis dealin’ with life in
dialog: the struggle.
dialog: Missin the gift I was givin so I just
dialog: stay bout my hustle.
text: Shug is heard in the hook. We cut back to her in the bathtub,
text: recording the hook, singing soulfully into the mic hanging
text: over her.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD}
speaker_heading: ke ER HO OE +
dialog: +e
dialog: +e et
dialog: **
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Hook repeats.
dialog: Shug sits in
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 77A.
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Keep hustlin’...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (rapping)
dialog: It ain't over for me, no it ain't over
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Keep flowin’...
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: (rapping)
dialog: I'm'a step my game up and get what's
dialog: comin to me.
text: a chair in the corner of the room. She rubs her
text: stomach as her head moves to the beat, mouthing the words.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I'm just getting by and it’s fuckin
dialog: with me.
dialog: See others doin’ big things they was
dialog: nothing to me.
dialog: I'm seeing what I use to be and it's
dialog: lookin legit.
dialog: Got my hands on some music started fuckin
dialog: with it.
dialog: Put it down hard then I start bumpin to
dialog: this.
dialog: Let me check my connection cause we go
dialog: back in the day.
dialog: They was cookin for dro heard I was
text: hustling hay.
dialog: Got me connin’ my nigga spittin game to
dialog: my hos.
dialog: This is my opportunity feel like anything
dialog: goes.
dialog: I was never s'pose to see the new
dialog: millennium mane.
dialog: And I refuse to let my daddy "Die in
dialog: vain".
dialog: So I give it my all you feel my struggle
dialog: and pain.
dialog: If you ain't feelin what I'm spittin
dialog: trick you lame to the game.
dialog: But the closest one to me know I'm holdin
dialog: it down.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: * %
speaker_heading: * +e HOF
speaker_heading: oF
speaker_heading: ee eH
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 77B.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 79
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You gonna feel me one day I'm gonna be
dialog: hurtin the town.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Keep hustlin’...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (rapping)
dialog: It ain't over for me no it ain't over for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Keep flowin’...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (rapping)
dialog: I'm'a step my game up and get what's
dialog: comin to me.
dialog: Hook repeats.
text: As the track concludes we spin around the room, stopping
dialog: briefly at each of our crew.
text: WE SPIN TO: Shelby on keyboard. SPIN TO: Nola listening. SPIN
text: TO: Mickey grinning. SPIN TO: Shug closing her eyes and
text: grooving. SPIN TO: Yevette looking at her man in awe. SPIN
text: TO: Key winking at Yevette and pressing stop on the four-
dialog: track.
text: There is silence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ARNEL’S CLUB ~ NIGHT 80
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (from inside the club)
dialog: You a business man, Arnel. Let me ask you
dialog: somethin’. You ever get... depressed?
scene_heading: INT. ARNEL’S KITCHEN - NIGHT 81
text: Sitting on two crates, both D.Jay and Arnel share a blunt in
dialog: the storage room.
text: They are playing dominoes.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD}
dialog: +t
speaker_heading: eee FH FH EE
dialog: *
dialog: a1
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 78.
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: You mean sad?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Way I see it. A man who make his own pay-
dialog: roll. You know, hustlin’ his own agenda?
dialog: {Arnel nods)
dialog: That’s a whole lotta pressure to lay on a
dialog: man. Not like his troubles stop at the
dialog: end of the day. The shit stay with you.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: I get down, that’s all.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: That’s gonna happen when a man try to
dialog: take charge of his own destiny. Hard
dialog: thing to claim - destiny.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I got that taken care of.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: You think so, huh?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Ain't like it’s somethin’ a man can’t get
dialog: control of. He just gotta do it,
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: Okay, D. Lay it on me. What's your
dialog: destiny.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I aim to be a media empire.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: And how you figure to be that?
text: D.Jay removes a zip-lock bag of light brown marijuana. Arnel
text: eyes the bag.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
text: Yellow and blue make green.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: Is that...?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 81
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: (referring to his joint)
dialog: Why the fuck we smokin’ this?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: This for Skinny.
dialog: (D.Jay pauses for effect)
dialog: When he come in tomorrow, on the Fourth,
dialog: I’m gonna make a gesture. You know, my
text: own little firecracker finale.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: You just bein’ friendly or you wantin’ an
dialog: autograph?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Autograph? Shit, I want a contract. I
dialog: want distribution. Back~end publishing
dialog: points. Fuckin’ standees with my pimpin’
dialog: mug on da front.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: What’ chu talkin’ about... Standees?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (removes his pad)
dialog: In two years, way I figure, Skinny gonna
dialog: be wantin’ my autograph. Cuz that’s when
dialog: I go platinum. Me. D.Jay...
text: D.Jay looks at a Skinny Black CD Release poster on Arnel’s
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D}
dialog: (glares with confidence)
dialog: That’s the name.
dialog: And I came to bring the pain.
text: We PUSH IN on Skinny’s face in the poster.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT! D)
dialog: Ani in my chest got me bustin’ at you
dialog: lemon lames.
text: His Mode starts pounding as we PUSH IN CLOSER: D.JAY’S eyes
text: and SKINNY’S FACE.
text: BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
speaker_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
dialog: +e
speaker_heading: * +t OE
dialog: +
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 79A.
scene_heading: 1A EXT. D.JAY'S HOUSE - SUNSET 81A
text: Establishing shot.
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 80-82.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S BATHROOM —- DAY 84
text: D.Jay loops his black belt through and buckles it. Shug is
text: sitting on the toilet watching him prepare for the evening.
text: He looks impressive, dressed in black with his long leather
dialog: coat.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Ain’t you gonna be hot in your coat?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: 84
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 84
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Good leather breathe a bit. Keep you at
dialog: the... you know.... the temperature you
dialog: wanna be at.
text: Shug smiles. D.Jay picks up a rolled up sock. A simple silver
text: watch rolls out of the sock and into D.Jay’s palm.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: This was my Daddy’s. Ain’t much shine on
dialog: it but... you know, in the day, this was
dialog: the shit. He worked for the school
dialog: district... he fixed up all them school
dialog: buses.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: Yeah. I see them buses today and I be
dialog: all, “my daddy worked on them.”
dialog: {a brief smile)
dialog: But, uh... he been doin’ it for like,
dialog: goin’ on 10 years. So the school district
dialog: gave him this. Thought about burying him
dialog: with it... but I thought, you know, maybe
dialog: I should have, like, a heirloom, you
dialog: know?
text: He snaps it on and positions it just right.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wear it for luck. Help me get my Mode on.
text: Shug stands up, nervous at first, but a deep breath calms
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: I got you somethin’.
dialog: (Shug offers a small box)
dialog: I been watchin’ the videos and ali, and
dialog: it be like all the rappers got some
dialog: chain.
text: D.day opens it and groans in appreciation and awe.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Oh, shit!
text: He removes a gold medallion. It is in the shape of his name:
speaker_heading: D.JAY.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 84.
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED: (2} 84
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: Always talkin’ about your name bein’
dialog: real, you know... thought people could
dialog: see how you like it spelied out. With the
dialog: J-A-Y.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: See this is what I’m talkin’ about. I
dialog: gotta have my people think this shit up.
dialog: Cuz I didn’t even think of somethin’ like
dialog: THIS. You know?
dialog: (admiring it)
dialog: This shit is perfect.
text: Shug takes it from his hands and attaches it around his neck.
text: Their faces are very close.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: D...?
text: D.Jay waits for Shug to continue but soon realizes she is
dialog: crying.
speaker_heading: SHUG (CONT'D)
dialog: I get like this... cuz I'm pregnant.
dialog: {trying to collect
dialog: herself.)
dialog: Lettin’ me sing. On the demo, like you
dialog: let me do. [ felt...
text: (she wipes her face and
dialog: tries to breath)
dialog: Special. And I know, you gonna be movin’
dialog: on and movin’ up. And y’all gonna get
dialog: really good people backin’ you up.
text: (D.Jay wipes away her
dialog: tears)
dialog: But for me... you need to know, it meant
dialog: the world to me. It meant the world. And
dialog: I wanted to thank you.
text: D.Jay kisses her on her wet cheek. He lifts the D.JAY
text: medaliion and looks at it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: *
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 85-86.
scene_heading: EXT. D.JAY’S HOUSE - PORCH - DAY 86
text: D.day and Shug cross to the door. They peeks outside to see
text: Shelby, Key, and Nola waiting by the Chevy.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: {from the street)
dialog: Don’t you gotta be there at nine?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (calls out to Key)
dialog: He gonna be there all night, Key.
dialog: (to Nola)
dialog: Go calm that nigga down.
text: Nola joins the others. D.Jay checks his packets. Shug sees he
dialog: is nervous.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I ain't scared, you know?
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: I know.
text: Shug gently touches his arm. D.Jay nods and closes the door.
text: He crosses to his crew by the car but he is preoccupied with
text: the sensation of Shug’s touch.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: (looking at the medallion)
dialog: Oh wow. Check it out! How cool is that?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: I got extra demos in the car in case he
dialog: got some label folks around. They
dialog: cassettes now. He want a CD, he gonna
dialog: have to hit us back.
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: (still enamoured with the
dialog: medallion)
dialog: I want one of these, man. Do I get one?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (noticing D.Jay is
dialog: preoccupied)
dialog: What’s wrong with ya, D?
speaker_heading: SHELBY
dialog: You got your Mode on?
text: A thought hits D.Jay.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Hold up.
text: D.day bounds up his steps.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S HOUSE - DAY 87
text: He throws open the front door, startling Shug who has heen
text: spying out the front window.
text: D.Jay grabs Shug with controlled force bringing his lips to
dialog: hers.
text: The girl collapses under his uncharacteristic passion. She
text: moans, clutching his face, as he holds her almost upside down
text: in his embrace.
text: The kiss finally concludes. D.Jay stands Shug upright and
text: burns into her eyes with his. Shug holds the bottom of her
text: stomach and breaths evenly trying not to give birth right
dialog: then and there.
text: D.Jay nods proudly, certain of one thing in his life if
dialog: nothing else.
text: He shuts the door behind him.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Yeah, I got my Mode.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 88.
scene_heading: EXT. ARNEL’S CLUB/ D.JAY’S CAR - LATE DAY
text: D.Jay pulls up in his Chevy into the parking lot. The music
text: stops as he turns off the car. He slides a demo tape from a
text: stack positioned on his dash.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: {looking into the mirror)
dialog: Show time, D.
text: He steps out of his car. His confident swagger ebbs as he
text: sees the tricked out Cadillac Escalades parked out front..
text: He swings the front door open and slams into YELLOW JACKET, a
text: large looking man dressed in (surprise) a yellow jacket.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s up, Cuz. Happy. Fourth.
speaker_heading: YELLOW JACKET
dialog: Sorry man, we’re closed for tonight.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Arnel know I'm supposed to be here.
speaker_heading: YELLOW JACKET
dialog: It’s a private party and I know everyone
dialog: who supposed to be here. So...
text: Arnel calls from the back.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: Hey! He good. He good, man. I already
dialog: told Skinny.
speaker_heading: YELLOW JACKET
dialog: (chews on a tooth pick)
dialog: Ah-ight. Show me some love, bra.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I don’t tip the doorman, “Bra.”
speaker_heading: YELLOW JACKET
dialog: Put your arms up.
text: D.Jay sighs and complies. Yellow Jacket pats him down.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUFD)
dialog: 90
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 {Original White) 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 90
speaker_heading: YELLOW JACKET (CONT’D)
dialog: Welcome to the party.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARNEL’S CLUB - LATE DAY 91
text: D.Jay enters through the front door of Arnel's. He cautiously
text: scans the place for Skinny Black.
text: Music blares. Twenty or so have collected in front of the
text: large table. Skinny remains hidden.
text: Arnel breaks D.Jay’s concentration.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: They aim to party tonight.
speaker_heading: D.dAY
dialog: Where’s he at?
speaker_heading: ARNEL
text: Up yonder at the big table.
text: D.Jay looks to the mass of bodies, all with their backs
text: turned toward him. Girls in booty shorts giggle and worm
text: their way through the onlookers.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I don’t see him.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: I’1l take ya on over. You ready?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Shit, I ain’t in no rush. Can I get a
dialog: drink first?
text: Arnel and D.Jay move to the bar. Arnel pours a drink while
text: D.Jay’s eyes scan the face of the entourage.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: It’s always strange to see him, you know.
dialog: Up close. Bein’ that I known the man all
dialog: his life, I still got it in my head that
dialog: he a hundred feet tall from that music
dialog: video where he walking through that city
dialog: like King Kong.
text: D.Jay turns to Arnel and drinks.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD}
dialog: 91
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 91
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: They do that shit with computers. He
dialog: ain't that big.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: (can’t hear)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I say, he ain’t that big!
text: A loud, annoying voice sounds over the party.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: WHO THE FUCK IS THAT?
text: D.day and Arnel freeze as the group separates and stares back
dialog: at them. .
text: Sitting at the table wearing black, bottle-rimmed sunglasses,
text: camouflage designer threads, and a mouth full of platinum, is
text: none other than SKINNY BLACK.
dialog: D.Jay was right - he’s not that big.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK (CONT’D)
dialog: I can’t believe what my own Goddamn eyes
dialog: is seein’! I’m gonna have to get me a
dialog: seeing-eye-nigga just tell me what I'm
dialog: lookin’ at fo'sho!
text: D.Jay can barely breathe. He believes Skinny is talking about
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK (CONT’D)
dialog: Is it? Can it be? My one, my only?
text: D.Jay is about to answer, but is cut short by a deep, booming
text: voice from behind him.
speaker_heading: SLOBS
dialog: SKINNY, DAT YOU?
text: Arnel and D.Jay turn to the door and see SLOBS, an enormously
text: round man dressed in a blue velour jump suit.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: SLOBS!!!
text: They dog each other as they approach.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD)
dialog: a1
dialog: 92
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 91
scene_heading: SLOBS . SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Is that my bone assed, buck- You corn-fed, belly bustin’,
dialog: toothed, Ethiopian poster- ass crack as long as the
dialog: boy, too big for his own fuckin’ M-I~crooked-letter-
dialog: pampered britches, mother- crooked-letter--I-P-P on ya
dialog: fucker? own feet cuz you can’t see ya
dialog: own dick when ya take a piss,
dialog: bitch!
text: They are both in each others face. All is quiet. All eyes on
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: SLOBS
dialog: (big ass smile)
dialog: Yeah, that’s me, baby.
text: They embrace and mumble incoherent love to each other.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Back in the day, nigga... back in the
dialog: day... back... IN... THE... DAY!
dialog: {leads Slobs to his table)
dialog: Need to get a drink in ya hand and a
dialog: pussy in ya fat lap! Com’on! Hey Tigga!
dialog: Tigga, Slobs from the hood up in this!
text: Slobs bumps past D.Jay on his way over. D.Jay keeps his
text: composure, still shell-shocked from earlier.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: You ready to go over?
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: Hold up.
scene_heading: INT. ARNEL’S CLUB ~ BATHROOM - NIGHT 92
text: D.Jay opens the door to the cramped bathroom. A drunk kid in
text: baggy jeans is drying his hands under a air-dryer. D.Jay
text: waits as the dryer stops. The drunk guy pushes the button
dialog: again to start it up.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (tossing him out)
dialog: They dry, punk!
text: The door slams. He faces himself in the mirror.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Get’ cha Mode on, D.
text: He is now ready.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White} 91A.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: (v.o.)
dialog: Skinny. I think you already know my boy
dialog: D.Jay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARNEL'S
dialog: Skinny Black
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 92.
speaker_heading: CLUB - NIGHT 93
text: looks at D.Jay with an absent expression. He is
text: surrounded by guys on cell phones and tight dressed honeys.
text: Skinny squints behind his glasses,
dialog: D.Jay jumps,
dialog: Skinny Black
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Hey... I don’t know who this nigga is.
text: in extending his hand.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Good to see you again, Skinny. Been a
dialog: while since you been back home, ain’t it?
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Got my people tellin’ me I been away too
dialog: long. Like I’ms comin’ back. Like they’s
dialog: a back to get back to. I said, FUCK! Best
dialog: place to keep Memphis is in my rear-view,
dialog: ya-naw-I’m-sayin’? Ya-naw-what-I’m-
dialog: sayin’? Who-ever-the-fuck-you-is, ya-naw-
dialog: what-I'm-sayin’ 2?
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: Skinny, this is the man I was telling you
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: (remembering, to Arnel)
dialog: On! Oh! Oh this here the man?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: That’s me. I’m the man.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: This here, D.day.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: We went to different schools but...
text: flashes a gold grin.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: D.J.? D.d. what? Like D.Jg., like short
dialog: fo’ somethin’ D.J.? Or you sayin’ like you
dialog: a
dialog: (motions like he’s
dialog: scratching)
dialog: Vip, vip, verp kind’a D.J.?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD |
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 93.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: Just...
dialog: (fumbles with medallion)
dialog: ..-just D.Jay.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Nigga, you got somethin’ for me?
text: D.Jay is thrown by Skinny’s directness. He holds a demo tape
text: in his hands.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Well, yeah. But before I give over, I
dialog: just gotta say...
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Every time I come to Memphis, my boys
dialog: hook me up wit some dirt weed, taste like
dialog: they grown it out the ass a’some redneck.
dialog: But my boy Arnel say you slangin’ the
dialog: prime.
text: Realizing now, what he is referring to, D.Jay reaches in his
text: pocket and pulls out the prime pot. He hands it over to
text: Skinny Black, but the man in the Yellow Jacket grabs it
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What do I owe you?
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: It’s cool. You know, we old friends,
dialog: Skinny.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Have a seat my blood brother.
dialog: (smells the pot)
dialog: Momm. You ain’t fuckin’ around with this
dialog: bag. I just might be in love.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Remember when you was at the drive-in?
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: (unable to hear over the
dialog: music)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: The drive-in. You was sellin’ your
dialog: underground tapes...
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: 93
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 93
text: Tigga pulls a HOT GIRL dressed up in a sexy UNCLE SAM outfit,
text: onto his lap for Skinny to see. Skinny explodes with horny
dialog: delight.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: (checking her out)
dialog: GOD... BLESS... AMERICA! GAL THAT I
speaker_heading: LOOOOOOVE !
text: Tigga and Skinny’s crew begin singing and cutting up.
speaker_heading: SKINNY & CREW
dialog: (loud and cbnoxious)
dialog: STAND BESIDE HER! AND GUIDE HER...
text: D.Jay looks down at his demo tape in his hands. He is losing
text: control of the sit. He started off wrong. He rubs the back of
text: his.neck and then adjusts the chain and medallion around his
dialog: neck,
text: The sound in the room fades away. D.Jay inhales and glares at
dialog: Skinny Black.
text: His MODE comes to his aid: BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
text: He grins, takes a breath and interrupts Skinny Black and his
dialog: crew.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Hey, Skinny? Man, I wanna ask you
dialog: somethin’.
dialog: (Skinny passively looks
dialog: his way)
dialog: What the fuck happened to you?
text: Skinny Black and Yellow Jacket look at D.Jay, stunned into
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: YELLOW JACKET
dialog: The fuck did you just say?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (cool as ice)
dialog: I remember when you started cuttin’ that
dialog: underground shit... it just flew through
dialog: Memphis. Like a typhoon. I couldn’t walk
dialog: my ass down half a block without the
text: pavement crumblin’ under my feet from
dialog: some Cadi boomin’ with yo tracks out the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: *
dialog: * %
scene_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 94A.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (3) 93
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (D.Jay looks a little sad,
dialog: turns away}
dialog: I just miss ya Skinny, that’s all.
text: Skinny doesn’t know what to say - he struggles with anger and
text: anticipation. He pushes the UNCLE SAM GIRL away.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Miss me? Nigga I don’t even...
dialog: {pissed}
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 95.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (4) 93
dialog: Skinny Black
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK (CONT'D)
dialog: So. What? You sayin’ I can’t cut it no
dialog: mo? Like I ain’t the shit?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You know one day this all gonna be gone.
dialog: This club, this city, the whole fuckin’
dialog: US of A. It all gonna turn to dust, you
dialog: heard me? But then a whole new
dialog: civilization of people gonna dig. They
dialog: gonna find, like, the pyramids in Egypt,
dialog: they gonna find the fuckin’ Empire State.
dialog: But if they wanna know about my people,
dialog: my hos, my boys... all they gotta do is
dialog: find your first underground tape...
text: joins in. Nodding.
scene_heading: D.JAY & SKINNY BLACK
dialog: North Third Thugs.
text: Skinny is now completely into D.Jay, leaning in over the
text: small table.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: You know, I cut that motherfucker myself.
dialog: In my mommas laundry room, man. It raw as
dialog: hell but I put everything I had in that.
dialog: Made my own covers with magic marker.
dialog: Talkin’ real ghetto, D.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: But that’s the sign of genius, Skinny.
dialog: It’s not enough to fuckin’ climb Mt.
dialog: Everest... you gotta do with the least
dialog: amount of tools.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: It’s about the man. One man.
speaker_heading: D.dJAY
dialog: One man and his skills.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Like the samurai say. You know, a sword
dialog: only as powerful as its master.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Ain’t the size of the dog in the fight
dialog: but the...
scene_heading: D.JAY & SKINNY BLACK
dialog: ... fight in the dog.
speaker_heading: {CONT TNUFD}
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 96.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (5) 93
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: (slaps hands with D.Jay)
dialog: My nigga.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Now I know a man gotta do what a man
dialog: gotta do.
dialog: (glance at Yellow Jacket)
dialog: Gotta surround himself with people think
dialog: they gotta say in who Skinny Black is.
dialog: Them big labels ain’t nothin’ but a pimp
dialog: of a different color...
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Oh they pimpin’ me. Ain’t no lie. I’ma
dialog: ho on the corner. No doubt. Got me
text: tourin’ the chittlin’ circuit all through
dialog: the summer... gotta split my paper with
dialog: them greedy number-crunchin’ mother-
dialog: fuckers. Ain’t like it was back in the
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Skinny... you ain’t gotta explain shit.
dialog: You do what Skinny Black wants to do and
dialog: Memphis’1ll be there for you. Like you was
dialog: here for us back in the day.
text: D.day removes an old cassette tape and slides it across the
dialog: table to Skinny Black.
text: Skinny looks down to see his old underground tape. He colored
text: his own name like a graffiti tag. It is over a decade old.
text: Skinny carefully picks it up and, to the wonder of all
text: around, removes his shades.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: My underground. Look, Tigga. Slobs, look
dialog: at what this nigga got.
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: I... can’t believe you got one of these,
dialog: man. I don’t got none of these left.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (leans in for effect)
dialog: Skinny, you got thousands of these in
dialog: you. Just come back home.
text: Everyone is silent. They all look to Skinny Black.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUFDt
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (6) 93
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: {to D.day, holding up his
dialog: bag of prime weed)
dialog: You stand behind yo’ product?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Is a pig’s pussy pork?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARNEL’S CLUB - BACK ROOM - LATER - NIGHT 94
text: Rap music, fuzzy and heavy on bass through Arnel’s twenty
dialog: year old amplifiers.
text: D.Jay’s fingers break open a cigar, gutting the tobacco and
dialog: replacing it with his New Orleans herb.
text: With a roll and a lick, the two are ready to share a smoke -
text: the blunt is passed back and forth between D.Jay’s lips and
text: Skinny Black’s platinum grin.
text: They laugh together from a separate room of the club.
text: Skinny’s friends continue their party from a distant table.
text: Skinny is now half way through a story that he can barely get
text: out - a mild case of the giggles.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Had me this Mustang. Fuckin’ tight ride.
dialog: hood snout, maple dash... two-toned
dialog: metallic monster motherfucker. I go to
text: m’ lady's crib over in the Courts.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I had a lady in the Courts, too. Had a
dialog: few.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: I go inside. Get my ugly on. Come out and
dialog: my ride is gone. And I nut pretty damn
dialog: fast... these fools must’a snagged my
dialog: ride
dialog: (snapping his fingers)
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Gone in sixty seconds.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURN)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 98.
speaker_heading: 94 CONTINUED: 94
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: So I call up my crew. I say, “pick me
dialog: up.” Cuz I knew they only one place these
dialog: fools go cruisin’ in my hot ride.
scene_heading: D.JAY & SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Millbranch,.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Nobody cruise Millbranch no more. It all
dialog: down'on Riverside now.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: So we roll down to Millbranch and we
dialog: wait. And sho’nuff. Here come my car.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: We roll up in front. Box them mother-
dialog: fuckers in. Twenty niggaz come rushin’ at
dialog: ‘em. Pullin’ these fools out my ride. And
dialog: I'm screamin’ like a woman, “Don’t touch
dialog: my car! Don’t touch my car! Ain’t you
dialog: seen my two-tone metallic?”
text: Their laughter dies down. They both take another hit off the
text: blunt. D.Jay eases in for the kill.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Skinny. I ain’t a scrap of cheese off yo’
dialog: table... but...
dialog: (holds up the demo tape)
dialog: My heart beats in this motherfucker. I
dialog: put my blood in it. .
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Is that for me? Can I take that?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I ain’t tryin’ to play you. You the only
dialog: one I want to give this to. Cuz I respect
dialog: you. Cuz we old friends.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: That’s the truth man, and I miss you,
dialog: Jay.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: {lifting his medallion)
dialog: It’s D.Jay. Ain’t no tag. Just D.Jay.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: D.Jday. Okay. My bad, D.Jay.
speaker_heading: {(CONTTNURD)
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2} 94
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: If you could just give me a shot. Help
dialog: get my voice heard... that.... that
dialog: would... I don’t have words, Skinny. I
dialog: don’t have words.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Hey man... I got somethin’ to tell you.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: It’s important. You listenin’?
text: D.Jay Nods. Skinny Black is having a hard time focusing. He
text: wobbles on his feet and grabs on to D.Jay.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Everybody gotta have a dream.
dialog: (again)
dialog: Everybody... gotta have a dream.
text: D.Jay nods, not knowing what to make of this statement. But
text: he rolls with it.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I hear you.
text: Skinny blinks, steadies himself.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Where da bathroom at?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARNEL’S CLUB ~ AT THE BAR ~ LATER - NIGHT 95
text: D.Jay pulls himself up to the bar. He tries to conceal his
text: giee from Arnel, but a grin escapes.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I fuckin’ played it like a pro.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: (slides D.Jay a drink)
dialog: Teli it, D.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: My Mode is poundin’. Got it deep in my
dialog: gut. All he gotta do is play it. Gonna
dialog: be... undeniable. Just you wait.
dialog: (takes a swig)
dialog: You gonna need to get yo weed from some
dialog: other hustler.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: I’m happy for you, D. You earned it.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: My ladies. My precious... Shug... and
dialog: Nola. How they came through for me. Let
dialog: me tell you, Arnel... I just wanna give
dialog: back to ‘em. Ain’t gonna feel like a man
dialog: ‘till I give back.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: (takes a hold of his arm)
dialog: You on your way.
text: D.Jay takes one last swig of beer and slaps a twenty on the
text: bar as well as a demo tape.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: That’s for you, Arnel. Gonna take a piss
dialog: and roll.
speaker_heading: ARNEL
dialog: See you, D.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARNEL’S CLUB - BATHROOM ~ NIGHT 96
text: D.Jay bursts into the bathroom, catching his reflection in
text: the mirror over the two sinks. He focuses his eyes, chasing
text: his buzz away.
text: And then an echoed mumble from somewhere in the bathroom. It
text: sounded like an attempt at language but came out as a garble
text: of slurs and vowels.
text: D.Jay is cautious more than curious as he opens the only
text: stall in the bathroom. He slowly pushes it open.
text: Skinny Black is passed out on the floor in front of the
text: toilet with his pants around his knees. He is mumbling
text: incoherently, occasionally flinching like a dog having a
dialog: nightmare.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUED)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 101.
speaker_heading: 96 CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Ain’t this some shit.
text: D.Jay kneels down next to him, almost at eye level with
dialog: Skinny Black.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey? Skinny? You need to piss, let's try
text: it standing up.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Talk to me... about... shit...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: That’s right. I’m talkin’ to you. You
dialog: need some help, dog?
text: No clear answer comes from Skinny Black. D.Jay stands Skinny
text: Black up, holding him in place with one hand.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Tell you what? Ain’t many in this world
dialog: put a man’s dick away for a brother who
dialog: can't. Best show me some love for this.
text: D.Jay pulls Skinny Black’s pants up and buckles his belt.
text: Skinny Black is still mumbling.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: You know... we go on the road one day, I
dialog: ain’t gonna do this. A man could do all
dialog: kinds of trouble to you right now, you
dialog: wouldn’t even...
text: Something catches D.Jay’s eye. He lets go of Skinny Black,
text: letting him fall to the floor - smack.
text: D.Jay is stunned. He cannot swallow, he cannot blink, he
text: cannot look away.
text: He kneels before the toilet looking inside. He slowly reaches
text: into the toilet to retrieve his demo tape.
text: Dripping with piss and God knows what else, D.Jay lifts the
text: tape out of the toilet. The tape from inside the cassette has
text: been pulled out, hanging like a long tangled braid.
text: A rage builds in D.Jay as he lifts Skinny Black up against
text: the wall. The rage turns to unbearable hurt.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 102.
speaker_heading: 96 CONTINUED: (2) 96
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: (Holding the tape up)
dialog: Tell me this fell out’cha pocket. TELL ME
dialog: THIS FELL OUTTA YOUR POCKET!
text: Skinny wakes up briefly, slurring, trying to talk.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: Hey...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Hey, what... go on, Skinny, speak up.
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: You... you could...
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: What? What can I do?
speaker_heading: SKINNY BLACK
dialog: You can suck my dick, bitch.
text: D.Jay nods. His rage is oddly calm.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: You suck on this.
text: D.Jay crams the demo from the toilet into Skinny Black’s
text: mouth. He pushes it in hard.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: SUCK ON THIS!
text: D.Jay’s fury overtakes him. He throws Skinny Black to the
text: floor and pounds his face repeatedly.
text: After five hits to his face, Skinny reaches into his coat and
text: removes a silver .45 pistol. With another punch from D.Jay,
text: he drops the gun to the floor.
text: D.Jay grabs it and pushes the muzzle up against Skinny
text: Black’s face.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh, you want this? YOU WANT THIS! Look at
dialog: me, Skinny. LOOK AT ME MOTHERFUCKER!
text: There is sudden silence save the music pounding from the club
text: outside. D.Jay realizes where his anger has taken him. Reason
text: returns. Fear pervades.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD }
dialog: 96
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 96
speaker_heading: D.JAY {(CONT’D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Skinny?
text: D.Jay kneels down next to Skinny Black, lightly slapping his
text: bloody cheeks attempting to bring him back to consciousness.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: You need to wake up, now. Come on... wake
dialog: up, Skinny.
text: Skinny lets out a groan. D.Jay stands quickly, suddenly
text: spooked.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Shit. Oh, shit. D. What did you do...
text: The noise from outside increases suddenly as the man in the
text: YELLOW JACKET enters the bathroom.
speaker_heading: YELLOW JACKET
dialog: Yo, Skinny! Where...?
text: He sees Skinny on the floor and D.Jay standing above him
text: holding the gun.
speaker_heading: YELLOW JACKET (CONT’D)
dialog: What the fuck!
text: It all happens at once. Yellow Jacket quickly reaches inside
text: his coat pocket. D.Jay simply lifts his hand and fires,
text: hitting Yellow Jacket in the shoulder.
text: Blood splatters against the back wall. Yellow Jacket screams
text: and slips falling to the dirty floor tiles ~- his fresh wound
text: hitting first. Another howl.
text: D.day steps back in fear. He points the gun at Skinny and
text: then back at Yellow Jacket struggling on the floor and then
text: to the door, open wide to the now silent club.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (te Yellow Jacket}
dialog: Don’t you move! You hear me!
text: D.Jay notices Yellow Jacket looking out the bathroom door to
dialog: his friends.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: {calling out)
text: Hey! I’m comin’ out! I see a gleam of
dialog: steel, I’m’a shoot. Anybody don’t wanna
dialog: get shot best step back! I’m coming out!
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: 96
dialog: gt
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4} 96
text: D.Jay keeps the gun pointed at Yellow Jacket as he creeps to
text: the front door.
scene_heading: INT. ARNEL’S CLUB - NIGHT 97
text: D.Jay appears in the doorway of the bathroom before a silent
text: and captive audience. Yellow Jacket squirms on the floor,
text: clutching his shoulder. He clinches his teeth attempting to
dialog: contain his pain.
text: Tigga moves forward. D.Jay points the gun right at Tigga.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Not tonight, Tigga.
dialog: (Tigga stops)
dialog: You wanna test me? Back up!
dialog: {they aren’t fast enough)
dialog: NIGGA BACK UP!
text: D.Jay’s shout scares himself just as much as it scares the
dialog: crowd.
text: As he backs toward the door, D.Jay notices Arnel behind the
text: bar, looking at D.Jay with confusion and fear. D.Jay attempts
text: to apologize with his eyes but it is already taking too long
dialog: to get out of the club.
text: With a burst of speed, D.Jay takes off out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. ARNEL’S CLUB - NIGHT 98
text: D.Jay runs to his car, trying to keep Skinny’s gun pointed at
text: the front door just in case. He scrambles for his keys.
text: The Chevy roars as D.Jay cranks it to life.
text: Four members of Skinny Black’s crew leap out of the club. One
text: aims a pistol at D.Jay’s car as he flies out of the parking
text: lot. He fires twice. The back window of the Chevy shatters.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KING OF CLUBS - NIGHT 99
text: D.Jay enters the club crossing to the DJ booth immediately.
text: Mickey is changing discs.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Mickey.
speaker_heading: MICKEY
dialog: Hey, man. How’d it go?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: 100A
speaker_heading: M1
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 99
text: D.Jay moves Mickey away from the booth with urgency.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Mickey, I need some cash and I need it
dialog: right now. How much can I use from you?
speaker_heading: MICKEY
dialog: I just came on, D. Girls tips me when
dialog: they pay out and that ain’t gonna be for
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: LEXUS
speaker_heading: HEY!
text: D.Jay turns to see Lexus dressed in a string bikini. She
text: unleashes her furry from the stage.
speaker_heading: LEXUS (CONT’D)
dialog: You see me?
dialog: (grabs one of her tits)
dialog: You see this? It’s all real, baby. Head
dialog: to toe. I ain’t no front-faggot-bitch!
dialog: You hear me?
text: D.Jay is caught in her tirade. He can’t even look away.
speaker_heading: LEXUS (CONT! D)
dialog: I'll be right here. On my stage. Doin’ my
dialog: thing. Now who the fuck is you? Huh? I
dialog: wanna hear ya, baby. Come on! Who the
dialog: fuck is you?
scene_heading: EXT. KING OF CLUBS -— NIGHT 100
text: D.Jay throws the door to the club open gripping the side of
text: the building to steady himself.
text: He takes deep breaths to stave off nausea. Reaching under his
text: leather coat, D.Jay retrieves Skinny’s gun.
text: With his free hand, he grips the silver watch on his opposite
text: wrist - the hand holding the gun.
dialog: A decision has been made.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S CHEVY - NIGHT 100A
text: As D.Jay drives up his street, his view through the
text: windshield glows with blue and red pulsating lights.
scene_heading: EXT. D.JAY HOUSE - NIGHT 101
speaker_heading: {CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 106.
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: 101
text: The police are there in full force. Arnel is with them,
text: reluctantly, along with the remaining Skinny Black crew, *
dialog: including Tigga.
text: D.Jay pulls to the side of the road and hops out.
speaker_heading: TIGGA *
dialog: There he is! There that mutha~fucka go, *
dialog: right there! Shoot his ass! *
text: D.Jay immediately raises his hands into the air. The police
text: spin around and pull their side arms into position.
speaker_heading: POLICE
dialog: Put down your weapon and step away from
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (stepping away form the
dialog: car)
dialog: I ain’t got nothin’ on me, it’s in the
dialog: glove.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (running toward D.Jay)
dialog: D.Jay! D.Jay!
text: Nola runs after her trying to stop her. Three police officers
text: hold her back. Key and Shelby rush to the end of the street.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Ease up, Shug, it’s ah-ight.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: (screaming at the police)
dialog: Get off her! Get off her!
speaker_heading: TIGGA
dialog: Hey! Shoot him! Shoot the motherfucker!
text: The police wrestle Shug to the ground as she screams.
text: BOOM! A firework sounds above.
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I just wanna go with him! I wanna go!
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: (yelling at the cops)
dialog: Goddammit, get off her! She’s pregnant! *
dialog: Get off! Key get them niggaz off my girl!
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURFD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 101
text: Key looks shell shocked. Shelby rushes to help Nola with
dialog: Shug.
speaker_heading: POLICE
dialog: (calling out to D.Jay)
dialog: Put your hands on the hood of your car!
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: Get ‘em off her!
speaker_heading: SHUG
dialog: D.Jay... D.Jday, please...!
text: The police help Shug up to her feet. Nola and Shelby comes to
text: her side and helps her stand.
speaker_heading: POLICE
dialog: Come to the front of the car! Do it! Now!
text: D.Jgay slowly moves to the front of the car, hands raised.
text: Shug is on her knees, sobbing into Nola’s stomach.
text: D.Jay turns to the front of the car slowly putting his palms
text: down on the hood of his own Chevy.
text: He is slammed from behind by three officers. Shug screams
text: out. Nola has tears running down her face as she holds
text: tightly onto Shug, quivering in her arms.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (yelling at the officers)
dialog: He turned himself in! He turned himself
dialog: in! Don’t dog pile him like that!
text: Nola can see D.Jay with his face on the hood of the Chevy -
text: he is grunting in pain and humiliation.
text: Tigga has made it closer to D.Jay. He taunts him.
speaker_heading: TIGGA
dialog: That’s my brother you fuckin’ with!
dialog: That’s my brother! I’m gonna get you
dialog: stuck! In the joint, Bitch!
text: The police empty his pockets. Three demo tapes are sprawled
text: out on the hood of the car followed by his notepad.
text: A sudden panic comes over Nola. She rushes past the police to
text: the side of the Chevy.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: D.day? D.Jay?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD}
dialog: *
dialog: 191
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 101
text: D.Jay opens his eyes as another officer tries to move Nola
text: back. She resists.
speaker_heading: NOLA (CONT’D)
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Tell me what to do. Please tell me what
dialog: to do.
text: Her plea is exactly what D.Jay needs to hear - his confidence
dialog: restored.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Pick up my pad.
dialog: (Nola picks up the pad)
dialog: Disc Jockeys, baby. Get ya ass off the
dialog: track and get our shit some play. Put it
dialog: in their hands, baby. Make ’em play it!
text: The cops Lift D.Jay up and puli him away.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT’D) POLICE
dialog: I got a stack of demos in the You have the right to remain
dialog: car. Tell Key and Shelby to silent, anything you say can
dialog: get that shit on disc. In two and will be held against you
dialog: weeks I wanna hear my music in a court of law...
dialog: in the yard at 201. You in
dialog: charge Nola. Say it.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: (crying)
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Say it, Nola!
text: Nola follows him as they pull him away. Tigga brakes free and
text: punches D.Jay to the ground.
speaker_heading: SHELBY KEY
dialog: HEY! Get the FUCK OFF HIM!
text: Nola covers her mouth as police push Tigga back. A fight has
text: now erupted between the members of Skinny’s crew and D.Jay’s
dialog: neighbor, R.L..
text: Shelby and Key are filled with rage, they race at Tigga.
text: Shelby is the first to clock him as the two join the fight.
text: D.Jday is lifted to his feet again, blood leaking from his
text: nose. He is smiling - alive with confidence for Nola’s
dialog: benefit.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUFD)
dialog: 101
dialog: 32
dialog: 103
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 102
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, baby! Who’s in charge?
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: {sobbing)
dialog: I’m in charge.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: There you go. Say it again, partner.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: I’M IN CHARGE!
text: D.Jay is shoved in the back seat of a squad car. It has now
text: turned to mayhem: photographers, neighborhood thugs pounding
dialog: the car.
text: The squad car disappears around the corner, leaving Shug
text: weeping and Nola standing alone in the street, quivering in
text: the pulsating lights.
text: Fireworks crackle in the night sky.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S JAIL CELL - DAY 102
text: The cell door opens. With a grinding rhythm the bars move
text: past D.Jay’s unmoving eyes.
text: D.Jay walks through the corridor, his head lowered, his hands
text: in his pockets. A Prison Guard walks behind him.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON VISITATION ROOM - DAY 103
text: D.Jay enters the room divided by protective glass ~ prisoners
text: on one side, visitors on the other.
text: Sitting with his arms crossed, looking appropriately pensive,
dialog: is Key.
text: D.Jay picks up the phone. Key waits a moment before picking
text: up his side, choosing to stare at D.Jay instead.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: I tried callin’ the house but... the
dialog: phones...
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Yeah. They got turned off. But it’s okay.
dialog: Me and Yevette, we pitching in.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUBDY
speaker_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 109A.
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: 103
text: Key removes a picture of a baby girl and places it up against
dialog: the plexi.
speaker_heading: {CONTTNURD Y
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White} 110.
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: (2) 103
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT’D}
dialog: Baby girl, in case you was wonderin’.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (sadness and joy)
dialog: Awe... she’s precious. Look at that. What
dialog: she callin’ it?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Named her Kiesha.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Kiesha? No shit. That’s a good handle. I
dialog: like that. Kiesha.
text: D.Jay suddenly tears up. It surprise him, embarrasses him.
text: Key puts the picture away abruptly.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT'D)
dialog: With what I got to do... with the people
dialog: I got in my life... it feels like an
dialog: eternity in here. I can’t get my Mode
dialog: back. I don’t hear a thing.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Whenever you say somethin’ serious to me,
dialog: you always say, “look me in the eye.” You
dialog: know?
dialog: (D.Jay nods)
dialog: Now I want you to look me in the eye.
dialog: (leans in)
dialog: Did you know Skinny Black... before that
dialog: night?
text: D.Jay sits in silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: D. JAY
dialog: This little girl, Keisha... she gonna
dialog: dream large like kids do, you know. One
dialog: day she gonna ask me if she can grow up
dialog: and be President.
dialog: (silence)
dialog: Now I know this girl got a ho for a momma
dialog: and some trick for a daddy, ain’t nobody
dialog: know where he at. But I tell you, Key,
dialog: I’m gonna look that girl right in the
dialog: eyes... and I’m gonna lie. Cuz sometimes
dialog: you got to.
text: Key understands. He takes a breath.
speaker_heading: D.JAY (CONT! D}
dialog: So what’ chu been doin’?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 05
dialog: 106
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 111.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 103
speaker_heading: KEY
text: Back to a whole lot more of the same.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 104
text: Key is sweating as he loads his gear into the back of his
dialog: van.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (v.o.}
dialog: I’m back to recording depositions and
dialog: school recitals.
text: We CUT AHEAD to him waiting at a stop light. Next to him, a
text: car load of young men roll up in a convertible blaring rap
text: music.. Key looks sad and defeated.
speaker_heading: KEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (v.o.}
dialog: You talk about eternity. Yeah, that’s
dialog: been on my mind, too.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK STOP VENDING MACHINES - DAY 105
text: Shelby is pushing a crate of soda cans through the front door
text: of a truck stop. He waves to the woman behind the counter.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (v.o.)
dialog: It’s been on all our minds.
text: Shelby begins stocking the machine with product.
scene_heading: INT. D,JAY’S HOUSE - DAY 106
text: Shug holds her baby in her arms and looks out the window as
text: if she is waiting for D.Jay to come home.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (v.o0.)
dialog: We was just dead. Locked up just like
dialog: you. But ain’t no sorrow gonna take away
dialog: Shug’s song, let me tell you. She got
dialog: love for you, D. When you talk on
dialog: eternity. You think about your woman.
text: She softly hums a song.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 7
dialog: 108
dialog: 09
dialog: 110
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 112.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON VISITATION ROOM - DAY 107
text: D.Jay nods. He ponders Shug’s sadness and takes a breath.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: What about Nola?
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: Nola. Weil... let me say this. That girl
dialog: got a Mode of her own.
dialog: Cur To:
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO STATION - DAY 108
text: High hat beats as we see D.Jay’s Chevy roll up and stop.
text: Nola steps out dressed in a tight, mini-skirt suit. In her
text: ear is a mobile phone headset. The cord dangles free because
text: there is no phone. She tucks the slack in her small purse.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: {v.o.)
dialog: That girl hit the bricks runnin’. Somehow
dialog: she got it in her head that she was in
dialog: charge.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION - DAY 109
text: We pan across the mix board.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: (v.0.)
dialog: She hit every shake joint and station
dialog: Memphis got and then some. Now I don’t
dialog: know how she did it... but let me say
dialog: that girl got some skills.
text: We see Nola suggestively sitting on a DJ’s lap. She passes
text: him a joint and puts on the charm.
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: We can’t lay around lickin’ our ass all
dialog: day like a dog. I mean, we man. I know
dialog: I’m a girl and all but...
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO STATION - DAY 110
text: Nola hops in the Chevy and cranks the engine. She starts
text: pushing the buttons on the old radio.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUFD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White} 113.
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: NOLA
dialog: (v.o.)
dialog: We mankind.
text: The dial hops to different sides and stops on a familiar
text: beat. It is the Whoop That Trick song.
text: The camera spins and stops on our crew hearing the track for
dialog: the first time.
speaker_heading: HOOK
dialog: Whoop that trick... get ‘em
dialog: Whoop that trick... get ‘em
dialog: Whoop that trick... get ‘em
dialog: Whoop that trick... get ‘em
speaker_heading: . SPIN TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK STOP VENDING MACHINES - DAY 111
text: Shelby drops a case of sodas as he runs over to the front
text: counter. He reaches past the woman and grabs her radio. He
text: cranks up the volume and grins wildly.
speaker_heading: HOOK
dialog: Whoop that trick... get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... get ‘em.
dialog: Whoop that trick... get ‘em.
speaker_heading: SPIN TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 112
text: The boys in the convertible are bouncing to the track. They
text: flinch as Key starts screaming out his van window.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: That's D.Jay... That's D.Jay! THAT’S MY
scene_heading: BOY D.JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABAAAAABAAARAAARY !
speaker_heading: SPIN TO:
scene_heading: INT. KING OF CLUBS - DAY 113
text: Mickey bobs his head to the track in the booth. We SPIN TO
text: the stage and see Lexus look over her shoulder with a glare.
speaker_heading: SPIN TO:
dialog: +e Fe OF
speaker_heading: Oe OE OF
dialog: 14
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 113A.
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S HOUSE - KITCHEN — DAY 114
text: Shug is crying with joy. Her tiny baby is on her lap. She is
text: rapping along with D.Jay bouncing her baby.
speaker_heading: SPIN TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO STATION - D.JAY’S CHEVY - DAY 115
text: Nola is on top of the world. Sitting in the driver's seat,
text: she pops a cigarette in her mouth. She pushes in on the
dialog: cigarette lighter.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUFD)
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 17
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 115
text: It pops out. The music stops as we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON VISITATION ROOM 116
text: D.Jay can’t hide his awe. Key reaches into his pocket and
text: pulls out D.Jay’s notepad and flips through the pages.
speaker_heading: KEY
dialog: So, if you don’t mind... Nola and I got a
dialog: few points we would like to go over in
dialog: regards to your agenda.
dialog: {a big smile from D.Jay)
dialog: If you got a minute to spare.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: (returning the grin)
dialog: I got more than a minute. I got eleven
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. D.JAY’S JAIL CELL - DAY 117
text: The Prison Guard escorts D.Jay back to his cell. The Prison
text: Block Manager rushes up and stops them.
speaker_heading: BLOCK MANAGER
dialog: Albert, hold up.
text: The Prison Guard stops D.day.
speaker_heading: BLOCK MANAGER (CONT*’ D)
dialog: (addressing D.Jay)
dialog: You the man on the radio. That Whoop that
dialog: trick song.
speaker_heading: PRISON GUARD
dialog: What’chu talkin’ about?
speaker_heading: BLOCK MANAGER
dialog: This that guy who stomped on Skinny. You
dialog: know that song, Whoop that trick... get
dialog: ‘em...
scene_heading: PRISON GUARD & BLOCK MANAGER
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Whoop that trick.... Get ‘em. Whoop that
dialog: trick... Get’em,
speaker_heading: [CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 {Original White) 114A.
speaker_heading: 117 CONTINUED: 117
speaker_heading: PRISON GUARD
dialog: (to D.Jay)
dialog: Oh yeah. Shit. That’s you?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURD)
dialog: Rev. 6/24/04 (Original White) 115.
speaker_heading: 117 CONTINUED: (2) 117
text: D.Jay grins and shrugs. His confidence returning.
speaker_heading: BLOCK MANAGER
dialog: (looks over his shoulder)
dialog: You know... we in the rap game, too.
text: D.Jay turns to the Block Manager who grins proudly.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Naw shit?
speaker_heading: PRISON GUARD
dialog: See, we got it goin’ on both sides, being
dialog: from the streets and now, you know, being
dialog: officers of the law. Gonna be my tag.
dialog: Goin’ as 5-0. You know, like my stage
dialog: name. Big 5-0.
text: D.Jay can not believe what he is hearing. The Block Manager
text: secretly hands him a demo tape: BIG 5-0 and BLOCK C.
speaker_heading: BLOCK MANAGER
dialog: When you get a chance, in the rec room.
dialog: Let us know what you think.
text: D.Jay takes the tape and smiles.
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Well... you know what they say.
speaker_heading: BLOCK MANAGER
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: D.JAY
dialog: Everybody gotta have a dream,
text: D.Jay turns away and walks back to his cell with the guard
text: keeping a respectful distance.
text: The 808 pounding returns to his ears and swagger: BOOM...
scene_heading: BOOM... BOOM... BOOM.
text: D.Jay’s smile fades as his Mode returns. He looks right at us
text: - hungry, determined. The 808 can’t get any louder.
text: BOOM... BOOM... BOOM... BOOM... BOOM... BOOM... BOOM... BOOM!
speaker_heading: CUT TO BLACK
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
