dialog: "I'LL DO ANYTHING"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: James L. Brooks
dialog: 1994
speaker_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT
text: The CAMERA briskly retreats as FORTY, HIGHLY CHARGED,
text: ATTRACTIVE, YOUNG PEOPLE march towards it. Each side of the
text: frame is black as this troupe of young actors moves up the
text: middle, everyone talking, grinning, squealing,... everyone
dialog: having the "high" of their lives.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK CLUB - NIGHT
text: As the troupe, with geometric precision, spills into a large
text: room (containing a raised dance floor); the CAMERA begins to
text: move past dancing couples as a legend appears:
dialog: 'This is 1975 and Matt Hobbs is singled out for the first
dialog: time.'
text: And now the CAMERA reveals MATT HOBBS. His open, friendly,
text: American face slips between some of the many cracks in his
text: profession. The face at 26, and forever more, not arresting
dialog: enough for a leading man; not quirky enough for a "character."
text: Matt must briefly walk on the dance floor to make his way
text: past a knot of people. He dances furiously for two seconds,
text: then steps down as THE DANCERS BEGIN TO SING "WOW", but just
text: as the song breaks out musically, we hear the SOUND OF PEOPLE
text: SHHHING; the singers falter and then stop as the party-goers
text: gather, in choreographed movement, at a ceiling mounted TV
dialog: set.
speaker_heading: MAN ON TV
text: We can barely discern the words. . ."with his review is
dialog: Leonard Graff."
text: A FRANTIC ACTRESS yelps a command:
speaker_heading: FRANTIC ACTRESS
dialog: I can't hear over this shhing.
dialog: Silence, then:
speaker_heading: TV CRITIC
dialog: ...a play about guess what? That's
dialog: right, young people.
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: He stands next to a ruggedly handsome and extremely nauseous
scene_heading: CONTEMPORARY.
scene_heading: HANDSOME CONTEMPORARY
dialog: I can't look.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Good idea, let's not.
text: He begins to walk, the Handsome Contemporary falling into
text: step. Everyone they pass is straining, upwards, at the TV.
scene_heading: HANDSOME CONTEMPORARY
dialog: How can we not listen to this?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: We'll know all we need to from the
dialog: reaction.
text: At that moment, the rest of the party-goers turn from the TV
text: as one, looking mugged. (One girl briefly gets our attention
text: because she is particularly distraught; tears streaming down
text: her angry face. The mixture of tears and rage are, of course,
text: the chemical components of incredible sexiness. Her name is
text: BETH.) A TORTURED MALE DANCER offers an incantation.
scene_heading: TORTURED MALE DANCER
dialog: He should be shot, he should be dead,
dialog: he should rot in hell, then come
text: back as the soap cake in a urinal.
scene_heading: HANDSOME CONTEMPORARY
dialog: (to dancer)
dialog: He didn't like it?
text: The DIRECTOR moves through the group, bucking up spirits.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Don't worry. He doesn't count. We'll
dialog: just wait for the papers.
scene_heading: ON MATT AND FELLOW CAST MEMBERS - LATER
text: As they morosely watch the Director approach.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hey, no matter what this review says,
dialog: the play was a great experience for
dialog: me.
text: Beth looks at him, puzzled.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (again)
dialog: I mean, it is about process, right?
scene_heading: HANDSOME CONTEMPORARY
dialog: Matt's right. Good Lord, it is what
dialog: we're alive for.
text: Beth turns from the conversation, finding it preposterous,
text: then rivets her attention on the Director, walking towards
text: them, holding a ridiculously thick sheaf of papers. Beth
text: begins to sob in anticipation.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You've just got to be tougher than
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Tougher than this?!?
text: The Director reaches them.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: I took it all down over the phone.
dialog: It's quite bad. And, unfortunately,
dialog: it's very, very long. I've got a
text: broken heart and writers' cramp.
dialog: He...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: He's nuts.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
text: He savages everyone.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I don't want to hear anymore. Let's
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Except you, Matt.
text: They all look at him.
scene_heading: HANDSOME CONTEMPORARY
dialog: (fiercely to Matt)
dialog: You filthy bastard.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (drawing closer to
dialog: Matt)
dialog: What did he say?
text: The Director hunts for the paragraph.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Don't read it.
speaker_heading: OTHER ACTOR
dialog: Oh, please. You can't wait to run
dialog: out of here, buy a flashlight, and
dialog: then go into some dark alley and
text: drool over every word.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (truthfully)
dialog: You're wrong. I'm maybe relieved and
dialog: curious. That's it.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (wildly exasperated)
dialog: What did they say about him?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (reading)
dialog: ...'in the midst of this delirium of
dialog: pretension...'
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Don't. This divisive crap won't...
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (again)
dialog: '...one actor, rather miraculously,
dialog: manages to provide passion and, yes,
text: truth. Matt Hobbs, in the supporting
dialog: role of Jesus, manages to touch the
dialog: heart long after you thought it numbed
dialog: by boredom.'
text: The table of actors look at a sober Matt. A long beat and
text: then, against his will, he grins... then a short, involuntary
text: barking laugh of joy... then:
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (to his colleagues
dialog: with sincerity)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: MORPH TO:
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - L.A. MODERATE INCOME STREET
text: As we HEAR the next lines of "WOW", BEGIN MAIN TITLES as the
text: CAMERA BOOMS UP to the outside of a small apartment as a
text: legend appears on screen:
scene_heading: 'EMMY NIGHT - 1980'
text: Beth, now 27, is standing in front of a TV set showing the
text: Emmy dancers performing a phrase of "WOW". She screams out.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Will you get in here--for God's sake?
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER ROOM
text: Matt, 30, is on the phone.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Come on, Ma, how could I show up
dialog: tonight when my union is boycotting
dialog: the Emmys? Look, I have to hang up.
speaker_heading: BETH (O. S.)
dialog: (screaming voice)
dialog: It's on right now... right now...
dialog: right this second! You will miss
dialog: it!!
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I gotta go. Watch!
text: Matt hangs up and tear-asses into the living room. Beth
text: screams as his name is read.
speaker_heading: TV VOICE
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: ...and Matt Hobbs for 'Caine Mutiny
dialog: Court Martial'... And the winner is
dialog: Powers Boothe for 'Jonestown--Story
dialog: of a Massacre.'
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Shit! Fuck! Shit!
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: He was good.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (again)
dialog: Shit! Shit! Shit! Fuck! Shit! Look,
dialog: he even showed up.
scene_heading: TV INSERT - POWERS BOOTHE ACCEPTANCE SPEECH
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: That took courage. I wonder if they
dialog: send you something for just being
dialog: nominated?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Of all the pathetic questions.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Why are you being so damn foul?
text: Beth glares at him, on the verge of taking him on--but he is
text: looking at her very directly... the lack of any other agenda
text: giving him a temporary edge... Beth decides to state the
text: unadorned truth.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: We've been going back and forth on
dialog: our status for so long. I was hoping
dialog: that if you won, it might mean
dialog: something for us.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Look, Beth... the only...
text: She is waving her hand in a circle... he is puzzled.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Please go fast. I can't take you
text: dragging it out.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (a bit faster)
dialog: The only reason I haven't...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I promised myself I wouldn't be so
dialog: bossy. Take your time!! Was that
dialog: bossy too?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (persisting)
dialog: The only thing I have against getting
dialog: married is that it might not be fair
dialog: because I'm going to stay with acting
dialog: forever and you know how erratic the
dialog: money's been and there's no resolve...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Do I get to vote? I'm going to tell
dialog: you something I never told you before.
dialog: Your feeling towards your work is
dialog: one of the things I love most about
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Maybe the most.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hey, then we have no problem here.
dialog: Marry me.
text: They kiss, then break, murmuring to each other.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Stinker, I almost gave up on you.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I was just worried whether I could
dialog: make you happy.
speaker_heading: MORPH TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING AREA - FOUR A.M.
text: A SET FRAME showing several clusters of waiting people. A
text: man rushes to one of these clusters, cueing this group to
text: sing the next phrase of "WOW". As an extremely hyper Matt
text: enters, the SONG STOPS and a legend appears:
dialog: '1986'
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (extremely hyper)
dialog: Everything's okay... Great... She's
dialog: six or eight pounds even. Oh, God...
dialog: Nothing like it. I'll tell you
dialog: something amazing. They really reach
text: right into her stomach and pull out
dialog: this baby. It's not just a rumor.
dialog: God. I understand the expression
text: 'mind blowing' for the first time.
dialog: It means something so wonderful
dialog: happens that the top of your head
text: comes off and your brain pops out.
dialog: Part of it was terrifying, the baby
dialog: was turned and they couldn't budge
dialog: her. I kept looking at this one woman
dialog: doctor's eyes. And when Jeannie
dialog: finally came out, this doctor and I
text: each wiped away a tear at the exact
dialog: same time, caught ourselves doing
dialog: it, and then laughed together at the
dialog: same time. Nothing can prepare you
dialog: for it. You know why you're alive.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: As Matt walks with pep, accompanied by a burst of "WOW".
scene_heading: INT. BETH'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Beth holds BABY JEANNIE and wears a scowl.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: How you doing? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: My mother said you were flirting
text: with the doctor during the delivery.
text: On Matt's expression...
speaker_heading: MORPH TO:
scene_heading: INT. MODEST ONE-BEDROOM APARTMENT - LATE NIGHT
text: Matt and Beth lie on an open sofa-bed. "WOW" is completed,
text: though with a dirge-like cadence. We hear a baby crying over
text: a cheap walky-talky near their bed.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Could you get her, honey? I have
dialog: that big reading tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: No, I have a lot to do tomorrow,
dialog: too. I have to borrow on our Christmas
dialog: Club, I have to...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Don't worry about money anymore.
dialog: (on her look)
dialog: I didn't want to tell you, because
dialog: it may sound a little strange when I
dialog: say it out loud. You know me, I'm
dialog: never that cocky. But I'm going to
dialog: get 'Spider Woman'. It's me or Raul
dialog: and I've never been so sure. It's
dialog: weird, but I just know it. I do.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (broadly)
dialog: Boy, am I reassured. What good news.
dialog: Isn't that a load off?
scene_heading: INT. BABY'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Where we see the crying baby holding the walky-talky in front
text: of its mouth as it screams into the mouthpiece.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I am gonna get this part, Beth.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I can't stand this anymore.
scene_heading: END MAIN TITLES
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APARTMENT - MORNING
dialog: It's an awful place... the start-up apartment he's way too
dialog: old for... but we don't yet see his humble quarters. Rather:
speaker_heading: A BLURRED IMAGE
text: Then, the screen is CLEARED ON ONE HALF so we see half of a
text: contact lens holder in focus--the other half blurred--until
text: Matt gets his second contact in.
speaker_heading: MATT'S POV
text: A tube of tooth bleach. CLOSE ON THE DIRECTIONS, then:
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: Bleaching his teeth... finishing... smiling in the mirror...
text: This is the bleached smile of fear--true fear--the awful
text: state of having lost your way. The phone rings. Matt clears
text: his voice before answering.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello... Hi, Beth. I'm glad you
dialog: finally returned my call. What are
dialog: you so mad about?
dialog: (again, into phone)
dialog: YOU KNOW, YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE
dialog: WHO CAN SCREAM, I CAN SCREAM, TOO.
text: Matt was so suddenly, emotionally extended that the anger
text: leaves him that quickly... just a strange atypical lightning
text: bolt of rage toward life and women.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (again, into phone)
dialog: You know what? I'm being a sort of
dialog: gutless wonder here. I'm yelling
dialog: back at you because I'm embarrassed.
dialog: I won't be able to take the kid when
dialog: I said... Why don't you listen for a
dialog: second?
text: He rubs his head with both hands, including the one holding
text: the phone. This allows us to hear his ex-wife repeat the
text: same sentence over and over again.
speaker_heading: BETH (V. O.)
dialog: (from phone)
dialog: ...You're taking her... You're taking
dialog: her... You're taking her...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Beth, I know exactly how long it's
dialog: been and I feel strange as hell not
dialog: seeing her but this isn't a choice.
dialog: I'm broke. It's the driest spell of
dialog: my life. I'm not saying it's your
dialog: problem, but it's no place for a six-
dialog: year-old. What can I do? The only
dialog: full-time job I seem to have is not
dialog: showing how scared I am. What? No,
dialog: that's not something I said before.
dialog: (accepting compliment)
dialog: Well, thanks.
text: Beth turns angry again. Matt finds, unfortunately, that he's
text: got one more act of bravado left.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (again, into phone)
dialog: Beth, Hey... hey. Never mind, I'll
dialog: do it.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (again, to himself)
dialog: I must get work. I will take anything.
dialog: I must get work. I must not be
dialog: embarrassed by these pep talks to
dialog: myself...
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - DAY
text: As Matt walks from the outdoor parking lot, past inexpensive
text: homes. In the lot, on private lawns and every public bench,
text: at each street corner, are various actors doing the relaxation
text: exercises which will form the basis of A DANCE, as they go
text: over their "sides".
scene_heading: MIDDLE-AGED ACTOR
dialog: ...feathers I'm blowing. What am I,
dialog: a duck?
text: We pass various actors going over alternate sentences for
dialog: the same speech so that we get a sense of the speech as a
dialog: whole from the sum of its parts.
scene_heading: VARIOUS YOUNG ACTORS
dialog: 1) I'm not thinking about whether
dialog: I'm going to shoot you. I'm...
dialog: 2)...trying to decide where.
dialog: 3)...the little spot behind the ear
dialog: where you die before you hear the
dialog: shot...
text: 4)...on the left side of the belly
dialog: which is a very mean place.
scene_heading: EXT. POPCORN PICTURES - DAY
text: An office building of clear architectural merit located in
text: an industrial area. Even the sign "Popcorn Pictures" has all
text: the artistic dignity the name itself lacks... MUSIC ENTERS...
text: Gradually, movement BECOMES CHOREOGRAPHED...i.e., the young
text: actor and actress running across the street do so with
dialog: uncommon grace. The area Matt passes is very crowded and we
dialog: still haven't reached the most congested area of all as we
text: STUDY FACES and HEAR snatches of the actors' preparation.
scene_heading: MIDDLE-AGED ACTOR
dialog: What am I, a duck?
speaker_heading: OLDER ACTRESS
dialog: Sure I'll tell you... Favor first...
dialog: Do a nice middle-aged lady a favor...
dialog: A fair trade... tell you what you
dialog: want to know in return for a...
text: (grimaces over dialogue
dialog: she must say)
dialog: ...a pity fu...
text: MUSIC BECOMING MORE INSISTENT as we approach the building--
text: the mumbling of the actors taking on the SOUND of a Wailing
dialog: Wall...
scene_heading: VARIOUS YOUNG HYSTERICAL ACTRESSES
dialog: ...the height of ego. You think your
dialog: he-manness can make me get on that
dialog: elevator even though I'm phobic?...
dialog: I CAN'T GET ON THAT ELEVATOR. I don't
dialog: care if... they catch us. DO YOU
dialog: GET... IT. DO YOU GET IT! I CAN'T! I
dialog: CAN'T... three, please.
scene_heading: THREE HYSTERICAL ACTRESSES
dialog: SINGING the dialogue...
speaker_heading: SINGING ACTRESSES
dialog: ...can't get on the elevator... can't
dialog: get on the elevator... even if you
dialog: make me... even if you make me. Do
dialog: you get it?... do you get it?...
speaker_heading: TWO ACTRESSES
text: Standing near each other--exchange glares as they break each
text: other's concentration and move apart... THEIR MOVEMENT SERVING
text: as our gateway to DANCING... The SONG "MAKE BELIEVE" enters
text: fully now and builds in intensity, reaching a repeated phrase,
text: as we move to Matt and he enters the building, thereby cutting
text: off the song.
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: As the SONG continues in intensity, Matt enters the building
text: at the end of a repeated phrase cutting off the song as we
dialog: move to:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON RECEPTION AREA
text: Where CATHY BRESLOW, age 30, waits. Hollywood is a bit of an
text: uphill struggle for Cathy. She is bright where others are
text: brilliant, pretty where others are gorgeous, enormously hard
text: working where others are obsessive-compulsive. She is clearly
text: waiting for someone while reading an enormously thick book
text: galley. Matt almost scoots by her, then stops.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hi... See, I did recognize you. You
dialog: didn't have to wait for me.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Well, I wanted to introduce you. As
dialog: if knowing me would help.
scene_heading: INT. POPCORN PICTURES - DAY
text: MOVING SHOT. Staircase packed with actors, an uphill slalom
dialog: almost impossible to navigate.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: It's a ridiculously awful movie.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Well, challenge. I wasn't sure you'd
dialog: remember me... let alone help...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Stop. You're good. I'm doing them a
dialog: favor by getting you in.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Well, that's a fresh slant.
text: They reach the casting assistant, CLAIRE.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Claire, this is Matt Hobbs.
text: As Matt is handed a set of sides, we SHOOT PAST Matt as he
text: watches Cathy move back down the stairs before he can say
text: another word. She moves with wit. He is struck by her. He
text: looks back at Claire, who has an intricate hairdo and a ready
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Hi. Sorry. We're running behind...
dialog: Please forgive us.
scene_heading: LONG DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SAME SHOT - TWO HOURS LATER
text: Her hairdo wilted, her blouse soiled, her smile gone, the
text: tendons of her neck prominent.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Matt Hobbs? Matt Hobbs!
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: Going over his lines. Hearing his name, he rises. Claire
text: gestures him in.
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The walls are pockmarked with movie posters. THREE MEN sit
text: in an area some distance from the desk. The casting director,
dialog: MARTIN, makes the introduction:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: This is Matt Hobbs... This is John
text: Earl McAlpine, the director.
speaker_heading: MCALPINE
dialog: Good to see you.
text: He speaks with an Australian accent, gets half-up and extends
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...and Burke Adler, the producer.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: So, what have you been doing with
dialog: yourself...
dialog: (checking resume)
dialog: ...the last few years?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (to Burke)
dialog: I'm real bad at interviews, so, if
dialog: you don't mind, I'd really prefer to
dialog: just read first.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: That's the way you want to do it?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Maybe we shouldn't even read. I'll
dialog: just take your word that you're good.
text: Matt smiles.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: No. I'm serious. There's all different
dialog: ways. Did you know Woody Allen never
dialog: reads actors? He just looks at them,
text: feels around a little and then decides
dialog: who he wants. That's his way. Doesn't
dialog: hear them do a line. I also have a
dialog: way. What I do is interview first--
dialog: then read--maybe do it all over again
dialog: the next day. I call up people the
dialog: actor has worked with--check him
dialog: out. If he's famous, I do an opinion
dialog: survey to test how much people like
dialog: him. If he's not famous, I put him
dialog: on tape and show it to everyone I
dialog: can grab. I believe in screen tests;
dialog: I believe in replacing if the dailies
dialog: are bad, in cutting people out if
dialog: the previews aren't there. Because
dialog: I'm not doing movies for theaters
dialog: where they serve cappucino in the
dialog: lobby. I'm doing popcorn movies. You
dialog: want to know what I like? Come to my
dialog: house, look at my lamps... you won't
dialog: find it in my movies. In my movies,
dialog: you'll find out what I know. I know
dialog: how to do detail. What I don't know,
dialog: I discover. Yesterday we finished
text: mixing a movie--the last scene is in
text: a field of windmills which blows up
dialog: and all the blades of these windmills
text: slice through the air, one of which
text: hits a four-story tank of propane
text: gas. A humongous explosion scene. I
dialog: kept on saying 'louder', and they
dialog: finally said to me they couldn't go
dialog: louder without distortion. We went
dialog: louder. We had to discover a thing,
dialog: a filter, but we went louder. I don't
dialog: question doing these things. I do
dialog: them. So if you want to know if it's
dialog: okay to do it differently--not to
dialog: talk--to just read first... I say...
dialog: (pointing to John
dialog: Earl)
dialog: Ask him--he's the director.
speaker_heading: JOHN EARL
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Okay, let's do it. Do you have any
dialog: questions?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: They only gave me these two pages.
dialog: I'd like to give this my best shot.
dialog: So if I could read the script and
dialog: come back...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: This part works tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Oh. Who will I be reading with?
dialog: Burke indicates Martin.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (from his chair)
dialog: Can I read from here?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I want you to do it wherever you're
dialog: comfortable, but I'd prefer it if
dialog: you were comfortable standing up.
text: Matt rises uncomfortably. A SECRETARY enters and hands a
dialog: note to the director.
speaker_heading: JOHN EARL
dialog: Time for my buns to have visitors.
text: Matt looks astonished as the director leaves the room.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Go ahead? The director left.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: That's okay, he trusts me, uh... And
dialog: we're just doing the first page.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (cueing him badly)
dialog: 'Okay, darling Harry, here it is...
dialog: If someone were breaking up with me,
dialog: I'd like it short and sweet. What
dialog: about you?'
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (reading--showing
dialog: pain)
dialog: 'Incredibly drawn out...'
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: 'I can't take care of you right now.
dialog: What am I, your mother?'
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (intense)
dialog: 'Well, what am I? Your duck?'
text: As he gets into the scene he begins to experience some release
text: of the desperate feelings he's been harboring.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (again)
dialog: 'We've been together two years and
dialog: you act like all you're doing is
dialog: blowing away some feathers. So what
dialog: I'm asking...'
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You didn't do the quack.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: The stage direction says for him to
dialog: quack.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I know, but why would he quack when
dialog: someone's breaking up with him?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Hopefully because it's funny.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: This isn't a comedy.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Then we're in trouble, because they're
text: already fall down laughing at the
dialog: teaser-trailer in fifty-two hundred
dialog: and thirty theaters.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: A comedy?
dialog: (rubbing his face)
dialog: I think I have to make an adjustment
dialog: here.
scene_heading: INT. CATHY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: We HEAR the strains of the theme of a past hit movie coming
text: from Cathy's cassette player. A rack of soundtracks clearly
text: visible. Cathy is frowning as she reads the last of the galley
text: pages. She overhears some conversation in the adjoining room
text: which begins to disturb her concentration.
speaker_heading: FEMALE D PERSON (O.S.)
dialog: I'm not supposed to read TV pilots.
dialog: Don't call us D-Girls. We're
dialog: Development Persons!
text: Cathy closes the door, shutting her off. She now begins to
text: fill out a form with a felt-tipped pen. As she does so, the
text: pad is supered on the screen--action seen through it. As she
text: writes, we see the notations on the super.
scene_heading: It is marked COVERAGE--CONFIDENTIAL FROM: CATHY BRESLOW. TO:
text: BURKE ADLER. SUBJECT: (the pen writes out) "LITTLE DICK"
scene_heading: GENRE/CATEGORY (the pen writes out ACTION-ADVENTURE). Then
scene_heading: there are columns to check EXCELLENT, GOOD, FAIR, POOR for
text: the story. CHARACTERS, DIALOGUE... The pen checks FAIR for
text: story, POOR for all else, CHARACTER, DIALOGUE, etc. The form
text: then states--CHECK ONE OF THE FOLLOWING SENTENCES:
text: I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PROJECT
scene_heading: I RECOMMEND THIS PROJECT
text: I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS PROJECT
text: I'D STAKE MY ALL ON THIS PROJECT
text: I'D GLADLY STAKE MY ALL ON THIS PROJECT
text: The phone rings. As she picks it up and reaches to turn down
text: the volume of the motion picture soundtrack she's listening
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi. I just finished. I'll have my
dialog: coverage right over. It's past
dialog: derivative... it's photocopying.
dialog: What a hoot! You're kidding, right?
dialog: There is truly active bidding for
dialog: this book? Really? 2.3 million? Okay,
dialog: see you.
text: She hangs up and begins to alter the form changing the
text: STORY/POOR to STORY/EXCELLENT, and all the other POORS to
dialog: GOOD... and now the Recommend section.
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: The pen is poised.
speaker_heading: ON CATHY
text: Her soul is poised. A beat and she allows "I DO NOT RECOMMEND"
text: to stand, the source music theme--"CHARIOTS OF FIRE"--
text: coincidentally celebrates this considerable act of heroism.
text: Cathy takes the sheet and walks to the door.
scene_heading: INT. OUTER OFFICE - DAY
text: As she approaches her secretary's desk, she overhears two
text: other members of Burke's Development Staff (a 27-year-old
text: well-dressed man and a woman younger than Cathy) as they
text: enthuse.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: Even the title "Little Dick"--it
dialog: means so many things.
speaker_heading: FEMALE D PERSON
dialog: Story, story, story, story, story.
dialog: (seeing Cathy)
dialog: You loved it, right?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I had some problems.
speaker_heading: FEMALE D PERSON
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Well, you know, it's a little
dialog: garbagey.
speaker_heading: FEMALE D PERSON
dialog: So it has to be cast right.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: If Cathy doesn't like it, we know
dialog: it's a smash.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (stung)
dialog: Hey. It's not like I didn't recommend
dialog: it.
text: She surreptitiously changes her "recommend" as Matt enters.
text: She looks up.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I didn't get it. He did say something
dialog: about wanting me back.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Good. His saver is he means what he
dialog: says.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yeah, I just wanted to say thanks.
text: She nods and starts to turn back towards her office.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: ...and I wanted to ask you out.
text: The other people in the office stare at Matt.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (turns)
dialog: For when?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Any time.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I never know when I'm free.
dialog: (Matt nods)
dialog: It sounds like I'm just... but it's
dialog: true.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Okay. Thanks again. I felt funny
dialog: asking.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Well, don't please.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I meant asking you to get me the
dialog: audition.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Oh... well, don't please.
text: He nods and starts to go. She looks at him.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Don't be sad.
text: Matt smiles in astonishment and exits.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Oh, I was auditing this acting course
dialog: and he filled in teaching one night.
dialog: He did a scene himself and he was
dialog: awesome. For some reason, he can't
dialog: get arrested.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: Yeah. He does seem to have a layer
text: of loser dust on him.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Matt drives his faded, seven-year-old car into view.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MATT'S CAR - EARLY EVENING
text: He looks off... sees something that arrests his interest and
text: pulls to the curb. It's a curious sight.
speaker_heading: MATT'S POV
text: Burke Adler, standing at a street corner, palpably in pain.
text: He's trying to rein in his emotions, sucking in huge gulps
text: of air... and, then, a wave of emotion gets the better of
text: him as he looks at his watch. A sob escapes him--shocked
text: that he's so close to tears on a public street corner, he
text: battles for control... another sob as he looks to the heavens.
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: A split second to consider, then he's out of his car.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE STREET CORNER
text: A flow of PEOPLE--in the foreground, the tortured figure of
text: Burke Adler--in the background, Matt Hobbs, pauses before
text: intruding. But Burke's spectacle is growing more public,
text: sounds of anguish escape him.
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT - BURKE
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Oh, God... why? Why?...
dialog: (louder)
dialog: What am I going to do?
text: And now he begins to dissassemble, openly crying--on the
text: verge of a complete breakdown. Matt moves into frame, grabbing
text: Burke, trying to provide him with an anchor.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MATT
text: His face--his eyes providing a beacon of strength.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hey. Hey! HEY!!
speaker_heading: ON BURKE
text: Totally fucked-up, wild-eyed. As he witnesses his own state.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Look at me. You'd think I was a
dialog: writer.
dialog: (his story of travail
dialog: pours from him)
dialog: I hired this kid as a production
dialog: assistant. His father's a business
dialog: manager... a few good clients.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: He's been driving for me two weeks...
dialog: all he has to do is pick me up on
dialog: time... he's twenty minutes late and
dialog: I have a test screening in the valley.
text: Everybody's gone from the office.
text: Burke flails at himself as Matt looks at him.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Is that it? You need a lift?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I'm right over here.
text: Matt starts to lead him back, then realizes he's alone, Burke
text: having seen his car finally arrive.
speaker_heading: MATT'S POV
text: Burke, berating the YOUNG DRIVER. Matt pauses, awed by the
text: wild gesticulating--the few screamed words...
speaker_heading: BURKE (O.S.)
dialog: ...Not just today... believe me,
dialog: there's no way you'll ever make it...
dialog: You are going to fail. Listen, listen--
dialog: I know about this; you are going to
dialog: be a failure.
scene_heading: CAMERA FOLLOWING MATT
text: As he joins Burke and the young man, Burke turns to Matt.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: Let's get moving; you said you'd
dialog: give me a lift.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
dialog: Not in your car... I've got my own.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'll give you a hundred and twenty
dialog: dollars to take me... and it will
dialog: still be a favor.
dialog: (to Young Man)
dialog: Get out. Come on.
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: Please. This is very important.
text: The driver gets out.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (final plea)
dialog: A guy got shot on the freeway...
text: Traffic's tied up.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You should leave time for that kind
dialog: of thing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S CAR
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What do you need me for? Don't you
dialog: drive?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (a mumble)
dialog: Yeah, I drive. I don't like to look
dialog: for parking.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLDEN STATE FREEWAY - EARLY EVENING
text: The sun setting on a nondescript slab of California.
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S CAR - EARLY EVENING
text: The two men... Matt feeling very peculiar in this line of
text: work. Burke's tension renders him arresting, handsome even.
text: The look of generals who go forth against long odds. He takes
text: an enormous cleansing breath. It startles Matt.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: Yoga shit. I feel like barbed wire.
dialog: I don't know if you keep track, but
dialog: I'm the sixth independent producer
dialog: ever to have two big pictures
dialog: scheduled for Christmas, and tonight
dialog: we're testing the first one for the
dialog: first time... You get it?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yeah. It's important to you.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (laughing at the
dialog: understatement)
dialog: Yes. I don't think I would have put
dialog: it that way... but, yes...
scene_heading: EXT. MALL - EARLY EVENING
text: Burke's car moves toward the movie complex.
speaker_heading: BURKE'S POV
text: Our first view of NAN MULHANNEY; middle-aged and pragmatic,
dialog: yet extraordinarily naive. She's a scientist of sorts--
dialog: monitoring the tastes and feelings of Americans, first in
dialog: Washington and now here. Though she just had a very rough
text: hour or so, she bends down to smile at Burke.
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S CAR
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Keep driving. She runs the test
dialog: screenings. Very smart. Very. She
dialog: has a real case on me, but so far
dialog: I've been keeping it in the bank.
text: He stops talking, stops breathing, as he sees.
scene_heading: BURKE'S POV - THE TEST AUDIENCE
text: The line consists of disparate, disinterested people who are
dialog: focused on their own small, personal dramas--not at all
text: cognizant of the fact that they hold a life in their hands.
text: They are clearly growing impatient.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Go very slow.
text: MUSIC IN... Burke steels himself and exits the car.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATRE - LATE DAY
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: We're 34 minutes late. The studio is
dialog: appropriately wild... people are
dialog: beginning to leave... but I knew how
dialog: upset you'd be if we started without
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (distantly)
dialog: Yeah. Thanks.
text: But he pays her no mind as MUSIC CONTINUES and he moves
text: towards the line. Nan approaches the car.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: How is he tonight?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I don't know him, so I have nothing
dialog: to compare it to.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Well, how would you say he is, anyway?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Not quite himself.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BURKE
text: As he approaches the line, he BEGINS TO SING his love to
text: them, "I'll Do Anything." As he pours out his misdirected
dialog: heart to individuals on the line who DO NOT HEAR HIM.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON LINE
text: Their impatience gives rise to a VERY SLOW TAP DANCE, each
text: couple or cluster doing it differently--barely exaggerating
text: the normal shifting of a line... As BURKE CONTINUES TO SING...
text: the song builds as does the dance... Burke sings even more
text: passionately, his D-PEOPLE perhaps joining in as BACKGROUND
text: SINGERS. At a key point, the disparate groups turn and form
text: a SOLID UNIFIED LINE. They begin the rhythmic clapping of
text: impatience--having become a line, they now threaten to become
text: a mob. Burke sings one more Joe Cocker-like passionate plea
text: before turning to camera to shout over the mayhem:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Let them in.
text: As they enter.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - EVENING
text: Nan is addressing the audience from down front.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: The name of the picture you'll be
dialog: seeing is 'Ground Zero'... There may
dialog: be some scratches... some of the
dialog: colors may be off, there are no final
dialog: titles, and it has not been finally
dialog: mixed for sound, and the music is
dialog: temp, that means temporary...
dialog: As she says this:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON REAR OF HOUSE
text: Where Burke spies the STUDIO HEAD and leaves Matt's side.
scene_heading: ON STUDIO HEAD
text: As BURKE enters the frame behind him. He is right behind his
text: boss' ear. He leans in and offers an intimacy.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'm glad you came yourself instead
dialog: of sending your staff.
text: The boss is startled--jumps. BURKE eyes him... there must be
dialog: some way to profit from these stolen moments with a powerful
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I wouldn't be surprised if tonight's
text: screening is a monster.
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: Could happen, right?
speaker_heading: STUDIO HEAD
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Okay.
text: He moves back to Matt and Nan at the rear of the audience.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: Eisner just said he thinks the
dialog: screening will be a monster.
text: Strangely, Burke seems truly buoyed by the words of
text: encouragement he himself manufactured. He moves down three
text: rows and sits in an aisle seat just as the film opens with a
text: series of violent explosions.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON NAN
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Please, God, let tonight give him
dialog: peace.
text: Incredibly, Burke turns and gestures to her that the sound
text: of her small voice is interfering with the cacophony of his
text: movie. Nan is clearly stricken by her lapse as she whispers
dialog: to Matt.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: We're short two card-counters, can
dialog: you two help out?
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - 1:47:20 LATER
text: We are seeing one of the final moments of the film.
scene_heading: INT. WHOLESALE BUTCHER'S (THE FILM) - DAY
text: As the muscular hero moves with stealth through the giant
text: refrigerated meat door. He passes cows and dead men hanging
text: from alternate hooks. Suddenly, he is attacked by the villain
text: brandishing an electric meat dismembering tool. The hero
text: ducks, the machine ripping apart hanging cow flesh. The hero
text: grabs the only weapon he can find: a large piece of meat on
text: a large bone, which he uses as a mace. He clubs the other
text: man--then again--and again. Part of the audience is whooping
text: and applauding.
scene_heading: QUICK SHOT OF NAN
text: Standing with Matt and Cathy. At the sound of the applause,
text: Nan grins and mumbles with a connoisseur's knowledge.
speaker_heading: NAN
text: Males, fifteen and under.
text: BACK TO SCREEN
text: Where the hero stands over the man whose face he has
text: shattered, holding a club from which hang strings of meat.
text: He is breathing heavily, and between breaths, states:
speaker_heading: HERO
dialog: Sorry to bust your chops.
text: General audience laughter.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS ON NAN - FRONT OF AUDIENCE
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: If you'll just stay in your seats a
dialog: few moments and fill out these cards
dialog: for us...
speaker_heading: ON AISLES
text: Matt and others handing out cards with pencils attached...
text: Folks filling them out. As an ADOLESCENT MALE fills it out;
text: PREVIEW CARD FILLS THE SCREEN as we view LIVE ACTION THROUGH
dialog: IT.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER MANAGER'S OFFICE
text: An office meant for two, containing twenty counters. The
text: counting is done with erasers rifling stacks, creating a
text: sound, a MUSICAL RHYTHM, as the GROUP CAPTAIN calls out with
text: gospel cadence.
speaker_heading: GROUP CAPTAIN
dialog: Who has young males? Young women?
dialog: Older males?... Older males?...
text: Matt, his tally finished, squats on the floor, waiting. The
text: Group Captain approaches.
speaker_heading: GROUP CAPTAIN
dialog: Older males... older males?
text: Matt looks blank.
speaker_heading: GROUP CAPTAIN
dialog: (again)
dialog: Older males... over 25?
text: Matt now realizes that it is his category and hands over the
text: older male cards and exits.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Burke, prowling the lobby as audience stragglers leave and
text: Studio Execs and Popcorn Development Staff wait. He looks
text: off to see Matt and Nan chatting in another part of the lobby.
speaker_heading: ON MATT AND NAN
text: As they arrive... Nan looks off to see the Group Captain
dialog: approach.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: How long since you've seen your
dialog: daughter?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: A little over two years.
dialog: (on her look)
dialog: My wife insisted on moving back to
dialog: the Midwest--then I was in the
dialog: Philippines on the mini-series and...
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (suddenly and loudly)
dialog: Oh, please. It's one thing being a
dialog: son-of-a-bitch, but you don't have
dialog: to be a stupid son-of-a-bitch. People
dialog: move heaven and earth to see their
dialog: kids. I don't care if she moved to
dialog: Pluto, it's abandonment.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (a pause, then)
dialog: Hey, we just met.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh. Sorry.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Make a guess how we did.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: It wouldn't mean anything.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Nothing good that happens can make
dialog: it worth feeling the way I do now.
dialog: Nothing.
text: An OLDER WOMAN approaches them.
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Who the hell are you? This is private.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: I'm Mr. Eisner's mother.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Oh. Can I get you some water?
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: No, thank you.
text: The Group Captain approaches and hands Nan a sheet.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: Everyone, all the studio and Popcorn staff, is drawn to Nan.
speaker_heading: ON NAN
text: As she glances at the figures.
scene_heading: ON NAN'S LEFT HAND
text: As she secretly reaches for and holds Burke's hand. Is it in
dialog: sympathy or congratulations?
scene_heading: TIGHT ON STUDIO EXECUTIVE FACES
text: As we see in ever-so-SLOWED ACTIONS, tense lips turning
text: gloriously upward to reveal gums--then a smile. More smiles
text: as we pan across teeth... bonded executives and bonded teeth.
text: The shot widens. The studio head mumbles to himself as he
text: carefully goes over the tally in every category. Then:
speaker_heading: STUDIO HEAD
dialog: I don't need the numbers. I loved
dialog: it.
text: His smiling face takes us:
speaker_heading: NAN
text: Burke, ninety in the top two boxes.
speaker_heading: TO BURKE
text: A tear in his eye--a smile shyer than others. He turns to
text: the old lady, instinctively using this victory to settle his
text: most recent score as he says mockingly:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Now can I get you some water?
scene_heading: EXT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: Cathy and Matt are leaning against Burke's car. Cathy is
text: distraught--temporarily, but horribly, unsure of herself.
text: Matt is looking at her. If he had a little more confidence
dialog: going for him right now, he would make his move. But, for
text: now, they are two self-doubters on different trips.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I never thought it would do this
dialog: well. There were so many holes; I
dialog: told everybody it wasn't going to do
dialog: business. Why am I so public with my
dialog: opinions?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You might be right.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Not with that score. You know, maybe
dialog: tonight's the night I'm losing my
dialog: entire mind, but weren't you in
dialog: 'Platoon?'
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Incredible. I was only there for a
text: minute in the rape scene, moving
dialog: past Charlie Sheen when I left the
dialog: hut... I had a great scene cut out...
dialog: I was...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: But there was that one long close up--
dialog: where you seemed ashamed of yourself
text: but still arrogant.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: That's exactly what I was going for.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: It reminded me of my last boyfriend.
dialog: (indicating book bag)
dialog: Got to go.
text: She hefts the bag--puts it back down--crosses her eyes,
text: burlesquing the weight of the bag. He helps her put it on
text: her shoulder.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You have to read all that?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Beast of burden.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: So what are you, totally wonderful
dialog: or what?
text: She smiles and is gone, staggering a bit under the weight of
text: her scripts. Matt looks after her. Burke and Nan approach.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: How come you haven't said anything?
dialog: This is great, right?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: What no?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: The definite recommends are way off
dialog: for a score this high and, even for
dialog: action-adventure, it's just too low
dialog: for women.
dialog: (Burke looks anguished)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: He leans against the car for support.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: It was such a good score.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (extraordinarily
dialog: sympathetic)
dialog: I know... And, unfortunately,
dialog: yesterday's tracking wasn't...
dialog: (he reacts)
dialog: I'm sorry... They just don't seem in
dialog: the mood for action-adventure right...
dialog: (he reacts)
dialog: Sorry... May I tell you one more
dialog: thing?
text: (he looks up in
dialog: anticipatory fear)
dialog: I think it's so wonderful that you
dialog: don't worry about even trying to act
text: strong.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Thanks. You want to eat something
dialog: sometime?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: I'm, uh... I'm blushing from head to
dialog: foot.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Good. I'll call you.
text: As Burke moves to his car. He SEES the Group Captain paying
dialog: Matt.
speaker_heading: GROUP CAPTAIN
text: Thirty-two, thirty-three.
text: Burke is looking at Matt with some surprise.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You want to do this regularly for
dialog: me? I was gonna offer, but I thought
dialog: it would humiliate you.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (straight at him)
dialog: I don't mind an occasional odd job.
dialog: But I can't work tomorrow. I have to
dialog: get my kid.
text: As they get in the car, Burke has the front door open, about
text: to get in--reconsiders, and gets in the rear door.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Okay, I got the cards to look at--I
dialog: think I'll ride back here.
dialog: (to Nan)
dialog: Maybe I'll drop by your place
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Matt gets behind the wheel, thereby ending the day as a full-
text: fledged chauffeur. They drive off.
scene_heading: EXT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Burke and Nan returning from lunch.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: So, thanks for lunch. I hope this
dialog: leads to an evening date. Though I
dialog: have to stay home with my daughter,
dialog: Leslie, on Saturdays.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Yeah, okay. You were very interesting
dialog: to talk to. I swear to God. Honest.
dialog: No kidding. You really were.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: I believe you.
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: And I was very surprised what you
dialog: were like when you weren't working.
dialog: There was absolutely no difference.
dialog: You want to see where we do the
dialog: tracking?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Is it okay?
scene_heading: INT. TRACKING ROOM - DAY
text: The enter the room containing a maze of telephone cubbies
text: with workers manning the phones.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Nobody ever wants to see how we do
dialog: the polling, but they're like little
dialog: starved puppies when the data comes
dialog: in--running at you, scrambling to...
text: Burke hardly hears. He is awed as if by a cathedral.
speaker_heading: VARIOUS WORKERS
dialog: 1) How often do you go to the movies?
dialog: 2) I'm going to describe a movie in
dialog: one sentence and then ask you to
dialog: rate it on a scale of...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (as the workers
dialog: continue)
dialog: I love this. This is what counts and
dialog: this is where you count it.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (soft and true)
dialog: That's the same way I feel.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You phone all over--you know what
dialog: movies they're waiting to see, whether
dialog: your TV spots are working. You know
dialog: what the country thinks.
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: ...what feelings do you have about
dialog: Cher as a singer, an actress, or
dialog: potential date...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (again)
dialog: ...and it's accurate.
speaker_heading: NAN
text: Within six-point-eight percent.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: And you can't fix it... right?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: No... no... Sometimes just for myself,
dialog: I can't resist asking America a
dialog: personal question.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Like?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (simply)
dialog: When do you feel more worthless--
dialog: mornings or afternoons?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I gotta get back.
text: They pause by a workers to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: Assume Michelle Pfeiffer is the woman--
dialog: which of these 67 actors would you
dialog: most like to see her with... Patrick
dialog: Swayze, Keanu Reeves, Dustin Hoffman,
dialog: Johnny Dep, the guy from 'Major
dialog: Dad'...
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: There's something I meant to tell
dialog: you. You may have noticed something
dialog: unusual about me.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I gotta get back.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: I could never find the right time
dialog: to...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Is this urgent?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Well, maybe not urgent, but
dialog: immediately significant and necessary
dialog: to tell.
dialog: (a deep breath)
dialog: You see, there's these pills...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: 'Cause I gotta go. I'm listening
text: with an eighth of an ear now.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: So long.
text: He exits as the telephone pollster continues with the list
text: of prospective Michelle Pfeiffer male co-stars.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE
text: Matt, wearing earphones, is in the middle of a row of five,
text: intent on what he is watching.
speaker_heading: MATT'S POV
dialog: A recent example of a great actor in a regular movie...
text: something like Brando in "The Freshman." No sound.
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: Watching intently. Not watching--studying... not studying--
text: fully appreciating. Now he sees a particularly good moment--
text: looks around joyously for half a beat--a reflex to share
text: what he saw. His neighbors, not quite knowing what he's
text: smiling at; he returns his attention to the screen.
scene_heading: EXT. MID-WESTERN HOUSE - DAY
text: As Matt's cab pulls up. He opens the front gate and walks up
text: to the porch, noting a tricycle, stirred by old guilts. He
text: knocks on the door. A MAN answers.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Are you Matt?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I didn't know if we could wait much
dialog: longer. Come on in.
text: He lights a cigarette, takes three quick drags, then flicks
text: it away before walking inside behind Matt.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (again)
dialog: She's a real nut on smoking anywhere
text: near the kid.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: They enter. A bedroom down a narrow hallway from where they
dialog: stand. Remember "The Best Years of Our Lives"... Frederic
text: March coming home from the wars and seeing his wife just a
text: beat before she sees him. Here we have a wretched mutant of
text: that moment. Beth, still fierce and attractive, is packing
text: her daughter's suitcase when she senses him and looks up.
text: Shaking her head with a disapproval which will never die,
text: she walks to him.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Hello--did you two meet?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Not really. Is she ready? I have the
dialog: taxi waiting.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I just have to say goodbye. You have
dialog: no idea how difficult that is.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It's three weeks.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: It's not three weeks.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yes, it is.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: No, it's not.
text: Several beats--Beth and the man staring at Matt.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: He doesn't know?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You are not taking her for a visit.
dialog: You are taking her for a while.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Just because you want to go off with
dialog: him doesn't mean I...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You're getting the wrong idea.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I don't think so. No matter how you
dialog: put this...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hey, look, I'm a United States
dialog: Marshal. I'm here because she didn't
dialog: show up yesterday to start serving
dialog: her time.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I don't have a choice. You don't
dialog: have a choice.
text: She turns and starts for the other room.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What did she do?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (turning)
dialog: I loved, helped and supported in
dialog: every possible way a business man
dialog: who committed the terrible crime of
text: being financially imaginative with a
dialog: pension fund.
text: She exits. He sits down, stunned in the headlights of his
dialog: fate.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Matt and the Marshal in the foreground as Beth talks to
text: Jeannie in the background. We see only glimpses of them.
text: Beth's face as she leans towards Jeannie from one side of
text: the doorway--just Jeannie's legs dangling on the other side.
speaker_heading: BETH'S VOICE
dialog: Okay, listen carefully, Jeannie. Be
dialog: still. Now, what's the most important
dialog: thing in life to know?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: No one will ever love me as much as
dialog: you do.
text: Matt and the Marshal exchange a look of mutual horror.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Good. Now, concentrate with all your
dialog: muscles and remember everything I'm
dialog: about to say to you...
text: The Marshal and Matt shift uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Don't talk to strangers. They may be
dialog: killers. Take your vitamins so the
dialog: poison in the food can't hurt you.
dialog: What else now?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE'S VOICE
dialog: Teeth.
speaker_heading: BETH'S VOICE
dialog: Right. Thank you. Brush right after
dialog: you eat or your gums will start to
dialog: bleed in your sleep and choke you.
text: The Marshal and Matt can stand no more--they each call to
text: her... "Beth... Beth... Mrs. Hobbs... Beth." She looks out
text: and then walks to them.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: What? I'm giving Jeannie her
dialog: reminders.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Reminders?!? You can't say things
dialog: like that to a little...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: No. Don't. No. Don't dare. Don't
dialog: criticize the way I mother or I think
dialog: I'll start to scream and never st...
speaker_heading: MARSHAL
dialog: Mrs. Hobbs.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (suddenly cheery)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARSHAL
dialog: You know, I've been involved with
dialog: this sort of thing for a long time.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You're not going to criticize me,
dialog: are you? Not in front of him--because
dialog: all he's done is send Jeannie these
dialog: long, stupid letters. He doesn't
text: even realize she can't read. He sends
dialog: letters to someone who can't read.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: It's almost funny.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I thought you'd read them to her.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: MARSHAL
dialog: I'm not faulting you. You love your
dialog: daughter and this is a very tough
dialog: thing to go through. You feel guilty
dialog: and caring and it all gets mixed up
dialog: so that there's so much important
dialog: stuff going down that there's no
dialog: sure way of dealing with it, but the
dialog: best thing you can do is just make
dialog: sure you love her.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Typical cop talk.
dialog: (on his look)
dialog: But I understand what you're trying
dialog: to say. Thank you. Can I have another
dialog: minute with her?
text: She returns to the doorway which still only provides us with
text: glimpses as she SINGS, "DON'T TALK TO STRANGERS." The CAMERA
text: MOVES down the hallway to INTRODUCE JEANNIE, trying to puzzle
text: things out as she sits amongst a ridiculous number of
text: suitcases.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM - DAY
text: As the two females who bear his name approach. Matt doesn't
text: want a pregnant first moment with Jeannie, so he wards off
text: silence with chatter. Unfortunately, he can only think of
dialog: one word.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (laughing mirthlessly)
dialog: Hello, monster-poop.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (to U.S. Marshal)
text: She has her mother's sense of humor.
text: Beth stops him with a look, then bends down.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Okay, love, Mommy's going to help
dialog: others who need her for a few years,
dialog: and you're going with Daddy as I
dialog: explained.
dialog: (to Marshal and Matt)
dialog: We'll all have to help with the
dialog: luggage.
scene_heading: EXT. BETH'S HOUSE - DAY - LONG SHOT
text: All three adults and Jeannie sharing the burden of the luggage
text: as they move towards the cab. Mother and child hug. Matt
text: struck by his child's plight, him.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (turning to Matt)
dialog: Beginning now, you must give less
dialog: value to your own happiness and well-
dialog: being, then hopefully, you will reach
dialog: the point where you give that no
dialog: value whatsoever. Give her everything.
dialog: There's no such thing as spoiling a
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Even if you have to steal to do it?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You don't really want to mess with
dialog: me, do you?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (simple honesty)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (to Jeannie)
dialog: Okay, sweetie. We have to go.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (to Beth)
dialog: I want to go with you.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Can't, pretty-heart. I'm sorry.
text: Tears fall from Jeannie's eyes.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Not even a compromise?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: The compromise will be that you don't
dialog: have to ride in back; you can ride
dialog: up front with the driver... okay?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Okay.
text: As Beth buckles Jeannie into the front seat, Matt gets in
text: the back, alone, feeling preposterous. Beth nods to the
text: Marshal, who surreptitiously handcuffs her.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (to driver)
dialog: Can we please go?
scene_heading: SHOT - JEANNIE
text: The cab pulls away. Matt leans towards her as she looks back
text: at the receding figure of her mother and grows still.
scene_heading: ON MOTHER AND MARSHALL
text: As she sings him one last line of "DON'T TALK TO STRANGERS."
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK AREA - DAY
text: Matt checks Jeannie's luggage, then takes her hand. She lets
text: him. He is grateful.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It's going to be okay. I'm you're
dialog: dad, you know? So it will be okay.
dialog: You and I will make it okay. You
dialog: ever ridden in a plane before?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
text: (a sudden gust of
dialog: anger)
dialog: Yesssss!
scene_heading: INT. PLANE - DAY
text: Jeannie and Matt in the center two seats of a five seat row.
text: Jeannie is coloring in a book which Matt bought her; he is
text: holding some extra crayons.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Don't stare at me.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I want to put on my yellow dress
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It's underneath the plane. We can't
dialog: get it.
text: And just that quick, Jeannie screams.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I want to put on my dress. I want to
dialog: put on my dress.
dialog: Other passengers turn around. This is pretty raw stuff we're
dialog: into. Temper in all its wildness, MUSIC UNDER... electric
text: guitar beginning to match the energy and naked emotion of
dialog: the child.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: There's no way we can get the dress--
dialog: it's impossible.
text: Jeannie's feet start kicking in front of her--the person in
text: that seat turning sharply around.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Don't kick the seat!
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I want the yellow dress.
dialog: (a shriek)
dialog: Give me a compromise.
text: She is crying now.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: As soon as we land. That's the
dialog: compromise.
speaker_heading: MORE MUSIC
text: Without warning, Jeannie slaps herself in the face. All five
text: people in the row ahead turn and say in unison:
speaker_heading: WOMEN IN ROW
dialog: Don't hit her.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: God, I didn't hit her--she hit her.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LIGHTS
text: As everyone starts pushing the cabin attendant call button.
text: These dings magnify until they're part of the music--as it
text: drives and drives... Matt takes Jeannie's hand and tries to
text: restrain her.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Noooooo. Let go of me. Noooo. The
text: yellow dress... let go... let go.
text: She breaks away from him. He moves after her.
speaker_heading: CAMERA MOVING
text: At breakneck speed, Jeannie dashes through the plane with
text: her father in pursuit... flashes of disapproving faces. The
text: seat belt sign goes on. A FLIGHT ATTENDANT blocks his path.
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: You'll have to sit down.
text: Jeannie takes advantage of Matt's being stopped and moves
text: into the toilet, locking the door behind her.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Jeannie, we have to sit down. Please.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S VOICE
dialog: We'll be having some turbulence for
dialog: the next twenty minutes or so. Will
dialog: the cabin attendants please take
dialog: their seats?
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (simply and utterly)
dialog: I have no idea what to do.
text: A sudden bump and Matt falls. He yells to the locked door.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Jeannie, you okay?
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: Go back to your seat. I'll get her.
text: As Matt makes his way back, the Flight Attendant uses a hidden
text: latch to open the door. Music building--then calming, the
text: worst is over. Matt makes his way back to his seat, shell-
text: shocked. The Attendant leans over him.
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: She wants to be alone. So we're
dialog: upgrading her.
text: He just nods.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: Down the aisle--Jeannie lets an Attendant lead her as she
text: peers back at her dad.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Matt carrying the sleeping child like a sack over his
text: shoulder, also managing to hold onto all her luggage.
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: He has propped her on the sofa, a cotton nightgown out. He
text: is unbuttoning her dress. She opens her eyes, the window's
text: protective bars PLACING A SHADOW ACROSS HER FACE. She attempts
dialog: to cover her fear.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: These are the wrong jammies.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Okay... so what do we do?
text: Jeannie mimics him perfectly under her breath. She goes to
text: an open suitcase and throws things on the floor until she
text: finds the right jammies.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Where do I sleep?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I have a sleeping bag and bed. Which
dialog: one do you want?
text: She surveys her pitiful choice; then points to the sleeping
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: That.
text: She gets into it. He zips her up--then she says something
text: remarkably unexpected.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Hug.
text: Amazed, Matt hugs her. A half-beat, then:
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Let go.
text: He does--then stands and looks down at her. She looks back,
text: mocking his stare with one of her own.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Nan uncertainly enters this decidedly masculine bathroom.
text: She is wearing an evening gown. The sun streams through the
text: lush foliage outside a wall-sized window. MUSIC as she opens
text: her purse and removes a pillbox; at one point lightly singing
text: a snatch of lyric concerning the conflicts of being a single
text: woman and a single mother--this while totally focused on the
dialog: pills.
scene_heading: INSERT - PILL BOX
text: A major movie shot of this compartmentalized box. Each
text: burrowed nest clearly labeled for the pill it contains:
scene_heading: VITAMIN B, VITAMIN A, OSCILLOCOCCINUM, PROZAC, CALCIUM, TEST
scene_heading: DRUG, ASPIRIN, XANAX, ETC.
speaker_heading: ON NAN
text: MUSIC CONTINUES. She dials a phone number while arching her
text: neck and swallowing one pill after another with little swigs
text: of water. This process continuing, even as she speaks into
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Monica--is Leslie up yet? Good. I
dialog: didn't want you to get worried when
dialog: you realized I wasn't there. I'm
dialog: still with that man. I'll tell you
dialog: about it later. But it's sure nice
dialog: to have wobbly legs again. Look,
dialog: today's recycling day for Leslie at
dialog: school, so give her some empty cans...
dialog: well, then dump some out for her!
dialog: Tell her I had to leave real early
dialog: for work and I'll pick her up at
dialog: school myself to make up for it and
dialog: we'll rent any cassette she wants
dialog: for tonight. Thank you... Take good
dialog: care.
text: She hangs up. Another snatch of lyric as she bends to brush
text: her teeth with her finger; prepares herself and opens the
text: door to greet her new lover.
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S MASTER BEDROOM - DAY
text: Burke sits on the edge of the bed, fearful. He sees her.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Oh, I thought you took off in the
text: middle of the night.
text: She moves quickly to him.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: No. I just had to call home. Is that
dialog: why you're sad?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: No. It's Everett. This kid who used
dialog: to work for me. He was always crazy
dialog: to do his own movie.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (fearing worst)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (very down)
dialog: His movie not only opened to a three
dialog: million dollar Friday--it's gotten
dialog: great reviews.
text: Nan is dumbfounded; still she puts a hand on him, actually
dialog: consoling him for his hideous thought--Hollywood lovers: he,
text: wrapped up with ill thoughts of others; she, feeling intimate,
text: yet severely compromised. Cupid's work is done.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (again)
dialog: Listen. I'm tremendously worried
dialog: about 'Ground Zero' because of the
dialog: bad 'want to sees' you sent over.
dialog: But that's just me being nervous
dialog: over nothing, isn't it?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: No. That's just you correctly
dialog: assessing the situation. So stop
dialog: being so hard on yourself.
text: He eyes her, then:
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: We hear a muffled argument between Matt and Jeannie coming
text: from inside their apartment. Then the door opens and Matt,
text: holding Jeannie by the hand, moves down the hall to the next
text: door and knocks. (NOTE: Jeannie is dressed in layers of varied
text: clothing--some of the layers play clothes, some fit for a
text: coronation. She is a pocket contemporary Annie Hall... her
text: style so much her own it transcends judgement. Her hair is
text: unkempt. The door opens revealing Lucy, an Hispanic woman in
dialog: her mid-30s.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: How're you doing? I'm from next door.
dialog: I see you with your kids in the
dialog: laundry room...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (seeing Jeannie, turns
dialog: warmer)
dialog: ...Who are you?
text: Jeannie is a bit shy.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Say, 'Hello, I'm your new neighbor
dialog: now too.'
text: Jeannie says nothing.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I'm Lucy Crisala... What's your name?
text: Jeannie says nothing.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Say, 'Jeannie.'
text: The form of the conversation is forged. Jeannie not answering
text: anything. Matt bending over to Jeannie while he forms her
text: answers to Lucy.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I have a little girl too.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Say, 'Isn't that nice... How old is
dialog: she?'
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: She's four and a half and I have a
text: little boy who is not yet one year.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Say, 'That's nice... I'd like to
dialog: play with them... My Daddy didn't
dialog: know your phone number, so we just
dialog: decided to...'
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: What can I do for you?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Say 'Daddy has to go to work tonight
dialog: and...'
dialog: (catching himself and
text: looks directly at
dialog: Lucy)
dialog: I need someone to help me and her on
dialog: short notice. I've seen your around
dialog: with your kids and hoped you knew
text: someone in the building or close by.
dialog: I've got this new job that starts
dialog: now. Do you know anyone?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Well, I'm always here. I could maybe
dialog: do it myself.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (there is a God and a
dialog: good one at that)
dialog: Oh, this is so great. Let's work out
dialog: a full-time schedule and...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Wait. Jeannie, why don't you come in
text: for a minute and meet Ricky and Essa.
dialog: Come on, we're making fruit bars.
text: Jeannie walks into the apartment past her father.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (again, to Matt)
dialog: Why don't you leave her for a while
dialog: and then we talk.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Sort of a test?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: We'll just see how it works.
scene_heading: INT. LUCY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Play-pen in the middle of the floor... Jeannie stands there
text: staring at Essa who is playing with her little brother. Matt
text: moves to embrace Jeannie who cranes away from him. He stays
text: with it, whispering in her ear.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Please behave, understand? I don't
dialog: know what we'll do if this doesn't
dialog: work, so behave, sweetheart. Behave,
dialog: behave.
text: As he exits towards his own apartment.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APT. - 20 MINUTES LATER
text: Matt is extraordinarily anxious. Then he HEARS loud crying
text: and screaming from next door. There is a stab of despair.
text: Matt deflates, then resigned, exits.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The sound of screaming now louder. He walks to Lucy's door,
text: takes a breath and knocks. The door opens and Lucy stands
text: there looking rattled.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I'm sorry I bothered you.
dialog: (calling inside)
dialog: Jeannie...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Could I have her a little bit longer?
dialog: My little boy just fell and Jeannie
text: is the only one he let hold him.
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: A devil's weight lifted from his shoulders. The slap-happy
text: smile of the just saved plastered on his face.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Your little boy fell, so he's
dialog: screaming. And you want her to stay.
text: Lucy, confused by his buoyant reaction, nods.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Okay. Seven dollars an hour?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Great. Thank you. See you later,
dialog: Jeannie.
text: He tries to kiss her, but she shuns him. Lucy, now having an
text: official status, turns to admonish her.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: No, that's okay. I'm fine with it. I
dialog: feel fine.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT
text: Burke walks tight little circles near Cathy and the rest of
text: his staff while a few feet away Studio Executives stand in a
text: cluster. There is a DISTANT, RHYTHMIC SHUFFLING SOUND. Burke
text: walks past Cathy.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Nothing good that happens tonight
dialog: can make it worth feeling the way I
dialog: do right now. Nothing.
dialog: (turning to Cathy)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (nervously taking the
dialog: plunge)
dialog: To be honest, I had problems with
dialog: 'Ground Zero.' But this 'People Get
dialog: Hurt' one, while it might not be my
dialog: exact, exact thing, I think will
dialog: really work for an audience. It's so
dialog: over the top, you have a great time.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: So you think it'll score big?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Where we discover the SOURCE OF THE SOUND. Some twenty card-
text: counters on the floor riffling through stacks of cards with
text: erasers. Matt and Nan stand in the doorway.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Don't worry. My daughter used to
dialog: throw fits in supermarkets when we
dialog: first moved here. It's all so
dialog: perfectly normal. Plus I know a great
dialog: psychiatric children's group.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: That's what breaks your heart.
dialog: Jeannie's problem is that she's so
text: down on herself.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Well, she's lucky to have a daddy
dialog: who cares, believe me.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I don't know if lucky's the word.
text: I'm hoping she's asleep when I get
dialog: home so I won't have to deal with
dialog: her... I'm actually afraid of my own
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Oh, my. I've had exactly that feeling
dialog: and never said it out loud. See,
dialog: there are men who talk my language
dialog: and I'm just cursed that I'm not
dialog: attracted to them because they are
dialog: so nice they remind me of myself.
text: Matt laughs. In the b.g., the counting is completed.
speaker_heading: GROUP CAPTAIN
dialog: Excellents?
speaker_heading: GIRL COUNTER
dialog: Seven.
speaker_heading: GROUP CAPTAIN
dialog: Very goods?
speaker_heading: BOY COUNTER
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: GROUP CAPTAIN
dialog: Fairs?
scene_heading: SECOND BOY CARD COUNTER
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: GROUP CAPTAIN
dialog: Poors?
scene_heading: SECOND GIRL CARD COUNTER
dialog: Just a second...
dialog: (finishes counting)
dialog: 666.
text: The Group Captain notes the figure on a sheet, walks to the
text: doorway and hands it to Nan, who is still deep into
text: conversation with Matt. She begins walking back to the theater
text: without looking at the sheet in her hand.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: I felt terrible about the way I blew
dialog: up at you when I first met you.
dialog: (before he can object)
dialog: Please.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THEATER AREA - NIGHT
text: Burke and others waiting as Matt and Nan come to a stop some
text: distance away.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: What are they doing?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: I began taking anti-depressants when
dialog: we moved here from Washington. I had
dialog: some small reactions--sleeping 14
dialog: hours, no libido, I gained 17 pounds
dialog: in nine days--that sort of thing. So
dialog: they gave me pills to deal with the
dialog: side effects. And then pills to deal
dialog: with the side effects I was getting
dialog: from those pills. All this besides
dialog: the stuff the nutritionist was giving
dialog: me. The combination formed some sort
dialog: of potion so that I keep telling the
dialog: truth. I don't have a choice. That's
dialog: why I was so rude to you.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Your doctor says this?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Oh, yes. He's excited, but only
dialog: because he sees glory for himself in
dialog: it... See, ordinarily I wouldn't say
dialog: that about my doctor, but I can't
dialog: help it, it's the truth. He's
dialog: monitoring me for a while longer
dialog: before writing it up for this medical
dialog: journal...
text: Cathy has joined them.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Burke's going crazy waiting for the
dialog: score.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Coming.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: How are you, anyway?
text: Matt shifts, figuring out his answer.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (a small laugh)
dialog: It's a tough one, huh? Me too.
text: Nan looks down at the score.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Oh, my. Matt, I'd better drive him
dialog: myself.
text: She starts for Burke.
text: ON BURKE AND OTHERS
text: As Nan arrives and hands the Studio Executives the score,
text: Burke looking over their shoulders.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I can fix this... Get some narration
dialog: written. . .
dialog: (turning to Director)
dialog: You'll cut 30 minutes. It will come
text: out like butter.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: We're only 77 minutes now...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (mumbling to himself)
dialog: ...a 47-minute movie... no, that
dialog: won't work...
speaker_heading: FEMALE STUDIO EXEC
dialog: I have to go. I have a nanny problem.
dialog: Priorities, right?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Thanks for the support.
text: She kisses his cheek and leaves. A beat of silence... Burke
text: turns to Nan.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (again)
dialog: Can you help?
text: Exactly the moment Nan has been waiting for... she does have
text: a valuable observation to offer at this dark moment.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Yes, I can.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: It's only a movie.
text: As Burke looks at her from the depths of his pain and sees
text: her confidently believing that she has imparted something of
text: value, the movie's marquee lights go off giving us a:
speaker_heading: BLACK OUT:
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: As he carries an enormously resistant Jeannie, wearing a
text: borrowed T-shirt nightie, back towards his apartment... Matt
text: has Jeannie under one arm--her clothes and shoes in another...
text: Jeannie's arms are extended towards Lucy, who stands in the
text: open doorway of her apartment. She begins thrashing. Giant
text: tears come--the moment is operatic.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Let go. Please, Lucy, don't make me
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Everyone's tired. You can come back
dialog: tomorr...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Listen to me, Jeannie...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I want to live here with these people.
dialog: God, let me live here.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Maybe if she stayed tonight she...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I love it here so much that...
text: Now her father's last words have registered on her--she
text: immediately stops crying, though tears still roll down her
dialog: cheeks.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Daddy says I can stay.
text: Jeannie wriggles away towards Lucy's doorway. Lucy takes
text: several steps toward Matt, who obviously fears the looming
dialog: exchange.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I no think you can give her what
dialog: pleases when she act like this...
dialog: Because then she think...
text: Matt is very much like a fighter taking a great deal of
text: punishment, knowing he is beaten, but being told by his corner
text: he must make a fight of it. He nods his head repeatedly in
dialog: agreement...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I know... I know...
text: Now he sniffs the air in quick rhythm, hoping to draw in
text: some courage and resolve. He moves to Jeannie.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You'll see Lucy in the morning. We're
dialog: going home.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: No. I'm not! STOP!
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: As they enter and Matt pushes her into the other room and
text: closes the door, placing her in there alone.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Jeannie, behind the double glass-paneled doors of the bedroom.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Matt, upset in a way he has never imagined, as he pops a
text: beer--puts on some headphones for calming music and begins
dialog: to read a book on child behavior modification.
speaker_heading: ON JEANNIE
text: Feeling the restrictions of her punishment, pacing and now
text: she begins to wail "THIS LONELY LIFE". Few adult women have
text: sung with such appropriate passion out of need and loss,
text: aloneness and confusion. The song finishes. Jeannie sits
dialog: huddled.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - DAY
text: This rooftop serves as an outdoor commissary for Popcorn
text: Pictures. There are a few tables, snack machines and
text: umbrellas. The whole "D" staff is there, including Cathy,
text: having lunch, along with Claire, the casting assistant. In
text: the b.g., we see Matt, huddled, sitting on the roof's awful
text: green outdoor carpeting, feeling much the same as Jeannie in
text: the previous scene.
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: Off in the distance, the Popcorn execs contentedly ply their
text: trade. As he overhears their conversation and the words begin
text: to register in all their horror.
speaker_heading: MILLIE
dialog: Will somebody take a minute to look
dialog: over my casting list before Burke
dialog: gets here?
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: (scanning list)
dialog: This isn't so great, Millie.
speaker_heading: MILLIE
dialog: Well, I wanted to put in people we
dialog: had a shot at getting.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: (reading from list)
dialog: F. Murray Abraham, Jeff Daniels, Ed
text: Harris, John Lithgow, Rip Torn, Willem
dialog: Dafoe, John Malkovich... For an action
dialog: lead?
speaker_heading: MILLIE
dialog: Could you at least take it one person
dialog: at a time instead of...
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: Okay. Let's play 'State the
dialog: Obvious'... F. Murray Abraham has a
dialog: nose as long as an Aspen ski line,
text: Ed Harris is losing his hair, Joe
dialog: Mantegna has never played the lead
dialog: in a big movie... Willem Dafoe's
text: teeth... Bob Hoskins looks fur bearing
text: when he takes off his shirt...
dialog: Malkovich...
text: Matt can take it no more. He hears a loud voice coming from
text: his own throat. He wigs out.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I can't stand it anymore. I can't.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: What's wrong? What happened?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What, in God's name, are you doing
dialog: in this job you have?
speaker_heading: SHOT
text: As they all start to answer at once.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I mean him. What, in God's name, do
dialog: you know about casting?
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: Me?
text: Matt rises and walks towards the Male D Person.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yes. What do you know? About anything?
dialog: You don't even know you have a habit
dialog: of touching your tongue with a finger
dialog: like you want to lick yourself.
dialog: (note: this is his
dialog: little habit)
dialog: Yet, you talk like you actually know
dialog: something... So I want you to tell
dialog: me...
dialog: (louder)
dialog: ...what you know.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: I'm not going to be drawn into this.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I've been an actor most of my life
dialog: and this is the first time I've ever
dialog: heard what the people calling the
text: shots sound like when they're casting.
dialog: So I really want to find out what,
dialog: if anything, you know because what
dialog: if nothing you know.
speaker_heading: FEMALE D PERSON
dialog: I don't think the yelling is
dialog: necessary.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Oh, you couldn't be more wrong. And
dialog: I'm not talking to you. And I don't
dialog: like you.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: How about you just mind your own
dialog: business?
text: Matt is very close to him--he shakes his chair.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You're minding my business. That's
dialog: the problem... so, just tell me,
dialog: what do you know?
scene_heading: ON MALE D PERSON
text: Matt's manner is threatening. The Male D Person looks around
text: for some support and finds little... then Matt's tone
dialog: changes... it's reasonable, almost seductive.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Just tell me and I'll shut up.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: (taking the bait)
dialog: First of all, I've been going to
dialog: movies since I was six, for God's
dialog: sake...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What you know is the size of a
dialog: schnozz. What you don't know is that
dialog: these guys...
dialog: (indicates list)
dialog: ...are for real...
speaker_heading: ON CATHY
text: She is a ricochet victim of every word Matt says, as he
text: continues to indict the Male D Person and unknowingly reach
text: her instead. His fury grows and becomes more complicated,
text: containing an element of mourning.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (again)
dialog: ...that they can make something
dialog: happen, and even they don't know
dialog: what that is till they get in there
dialog: and play a little... they can make
dialog: something happen that you can't even
dialog: imagine... and it's not your fault,
dialog: this stupidity... 'cause you're just
dialog: this scared little prick who gets to
dialog: say he's making movies, and the only
dialog: thing they ever taught you is that
dialog: what you like doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Thanks for understanding.
text: The anger leaves Matt. He is depleted.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: But isn't it almost good manners for
dialog: you to feel a little shame?
text: Cathy rises and begins to exit.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (again)
dialog: I didn't mean you.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: If you didn't, you sure should have.
text: She exits. The D Person's Colleagues have taken advantage of
text: the beat to egg him on.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: You talk about manners--are you
dialog: actually so bitter you don't realize
dialog: how you acted just now? You're gone,
dialog: pal. But at least know that we can't
dialog: help that we're making it.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Oh, shit. You win. You got lucky
dialog: with 'bitter.' That word just scares
dialog: me to death.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - DAY
text: A distraught Cathy is walking down as Burke bounds up.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You look down.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Thank you. I appreciate the support.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I'm not down for you. I'm down about
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (not hearing)
dialog: Oh. What if 'Ground Zero' doesn't do
dialog: well this weekend?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Please listen to me.
text: He nods, but she pauses, disconcerted.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I just got this feeling of seeing
dialog: myself talking to you and how this
dialog: is the most important moment of...
dialog: ever.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (brusquely)
dialog: Okay. Good. What is it?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I've been watching this company make
dialog: movies that cost tens of millions of
dialog: dollars and all the while I've known
dialog: about this wonderful script which we
dialog: can somehow own and we could make
dialog: for about $14,000,000... $3,000,000
dialog: if you can live without stars or a
dialog: name director.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Is that it? Okay, send me...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I've sent you coverage on it nine
dialog: times. I swear to you, Burke, it
dialog: will work. You've never heard me say
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: How about last night?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (an unexpectedly fierce
dialog: outburst)
dialog: I don't know anything about action-
dialog: adventure!!
dialog: (on his look, she
dialog: gains control)
dialog: I have no idea where that came from.
dialog: Hey, I know everyone thinks I don't
dialog: have any commercial sense because of
dialog: what I said at the 'Gremlins' preview
dialog: and all... And you think I can't put
dialog: myself on the line. Well, if this
dialog: picture doesn't work, fire me. Have
dialog: me killed if it doesn't get good
dialog: reviews. If this doesn't get a 70
dialog: percent definite recommend from women
dialog: 49 and under, I promise to be your
dialog: sex slave until they drop ticket
dialog: prices back to five bucks and start
dialog: enforcing the R rating.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You're selling very excellent. Very
dialog: excellent presentation.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You've got to do this. I think this
dialog: movie can save me.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Oh, please... What's the script?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: 'Mr. Deeds Goes to Town.'
scene_heading: EXT. MATT'S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: As Matt exits his car with beaten down body language.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - EVENING
text: As he leads Jeannie briskly down the hall from Lucy's
text: apartment and into his own.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Why couldn't you even look at the
dialog: way I dressed Ricky?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Look, I don't want to talk about it.
dialog: I just had a real rough day... so
dialog: just let it sit there, okay?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: But what was it? Tellll me...
dialog: Compromise... You sad?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (through gritted neck
dialog: cords)
dialog: Now, I really need to be quiet.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (eyes him, then)
dialog: You!! I know what will cheer you up.
text: Moving very quickly and with great purpose, she slaps a tape
text: into a pink child's cassette player and MUSIC BEGINS...
text: Jeannie sings along with the child's chorus on the tape,
text: "YOU COULD BE WONDERFUL", making, with little hand motions,
text: the last thing Matt needs, but, in due course, he starts to
text: actually make a bit of transitional progress out of his own
text: troubles and into the fact that his daughter is beguiling.
text: But, before the mood can fully sweeten, Jeannie forgets the
text: lyrics and begins to verbally assault herself as the tape
dialog: continues to play...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I can't even remember the words... I
dialog: am stupid.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: No, you're not. You're not stupid
dialog: and I'm not bitter... and you know
dialog: why? Because there's no cure for
dialog: either one and we've got to believe
dialog: in some cure for each of us.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I am stupid. I can't even remember
text: the words to some baby song.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Oh, Jeannie... I just can't do this
dialog: now.
text: The phone rings... As he goes to answer it...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello? Yes. Cathy... Hey. Just a
dialog: second.
text: His mood has changed. It's a fine sign that Cathy has called
text: him at home. He needs only for his child to take pity and
dialog: listen to him.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Jeannie, please... be quiet for one
dialog: second... this is very important for
dialog: me.
text: She decides, with some difficulty, to let him continue.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: So? Wow. Good for you.
dialog: Congratulations.
text: Jeannie mouths the words, "Who is it?" Matt holds up a finger
dialog: asking her to wait.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Me? This is great. I'll come right
dialog: over and pick up the script. Okay.
dialog: If you want to. Bring it over.
dialog: Goodbye.
dialog: (to Jeannie)
dialog: We might make it yet, kid.
scene_heading: EXT. MATT'S STREET - EVENING
text: As Cathy drives past some rough examples of street life, and
text: finally finds Matt's building with its grim iron gate security
text: system. Cathy, uncomfortable in these surroundings, parks
text: her car, brushes her hair, while, at the same time, putting
text: in place a phony cheap-car-radio-sticker over her own
text: expensive system, and gets out.
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APT. ENTRANCE - EVENING
text: She buzzes his apartment and waits.
speaker_heading: MATT'S VOICE
dialog: Cathy?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MATT'S VOICE
dialog: I'll buzz you in. You've got to be
text: quick and push hard.
text: In the b.g. WE HEAR Jeannie loudly imploring her father to
text: make the person wait till she's finished dressing. There is
text: the SOUND OF the buzzer. Cathy hurls herself at the door a
text: good four times before finally timing it right and gathering
dialog: the necessary strength to spill through.
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S HALLWAY - EVENING
text: Cathy stands there overhearing the voices from inside.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE'S VOICE
dialog: But why can't I stay just a little
dialog: while?
speaker_heading: MATT'S VOICE
dialog: Because this is a very special friend
dialog: of Daddy's and I need privacy... Be
dialog: fair... I let you wear that dress.
text: Cathy knocks. Matt opens the door.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hi.
text: He steps aside so Cathy may enter... The place is tidied up.
text: He has changed his clothes and Jeannie is wearing a lace
text: dress, fit for a young princess, complete with flowered tiara
text: and ballet slippers, with trailing blue ribbons at the heels
text: and a velvet cape.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: This is my daughter, Queen Elizabeth.
dialog: Jeannie, this is Cathy.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Hi... What a pretty dress.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Thank you. That's nice.
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: Happy that Jeannie is behaving so well.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Are you going to a party?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (wildly hopeful)
dialog: Am I going to a party, Dad?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: No. You're going next door.
text: Jeannie is crest-fallen; for a horrible second, it looks as
text: if she may start to wail... Matt moves into action with a
dialog: pep talk.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Remember our compromise? You're going
dialog: next door to Lucy's to play and you'll
dialog: show the kids your dress and I'll
dialog: come get you later and we'll go out
dialog: someplace and I'll buy you anything
dialog: you want for under seventeen dollars?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I remember.
text: She starts for the door, doubles back, and kisses a surprised
text: Cathy full on the lips... The gesture is beautifully, even
text: movingly carried off. It is totally false.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (again to Cathy)
dialog: Goodbye. I love you...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (totally thrown)
dialog: Well,... thank you.
text: Jeannie is on the run... as she passes her father.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Jeannie nods acknowledgment as she flies past.
speaker_heading: OTHER ANGLE
text: Favoring Cathy, Matt leans out the doorway until Jeannie is
text: safely next door, then re-enters.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: What a little winner, huh?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (modestly)
dialog: Oh...?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (waving script)
dialog: This is my favorite project. And it
dialog: looks like we're going ahead with
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (overlap)
dialog: 'Mr. Deeds Goes to Town?' Oh, it's a
dialog: remake...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Well, come on, what's original? And
dialog: this is a wonderful rewrite. It's
dialog: funnier.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: And there's a part in it for...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Yes... Burke says I can test whoever
dialog: I want. He wasn't even surprised
dialog: when I mentioned you. So, if you
dialog: could read this rewrite now and if
dialog: you like it, we can make a test
dialog: deal...
dialog: (catching herself)
dialog: they can make a test deal... we can
dialog: tell them that they can make a test
dialog: deal.
dialog: (in explanation)
dialog: I think it's important for me to
dialog: steer clear of the business end.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Okay... which part?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Longfellow Deeds.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Mr. Deeds?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Who goes to town, yes.
text: Matt takes this in... takes this miracle in.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Who are we kidding? I'm even having
dialog: trouble getting short parts--I'm
dialog: going to say I love it no matter
dialog: what you've done to it.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Stop being so creepy honest. I really
dialog: have an instinct about you for this.
dialog: I'm going home--call me when you
text: finish reading it.
dialog: (how quickly status
dialog: changes things)
dialog: Or... come on over.
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S BEDROOM - EARLY EVENING
text: A post-coital moment though only the man is visible; Burke,
text: who lies on the bed wearing a shirt and tie and nothing else.
text: Nan lies out of sight on the floor where she is recovering
text: from the deepest orgasm of her life.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Why not? If you can test movies and
dialog: premises and want-to-sees, why can't
dialog: you test screen tests?
text: Nan hauls herself into view, climbing back onto the bed.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: I can't deal with your self-centered
dialog: dribble right now. I have just had
dialog: the biggest orgasm of my life and
dialog: I'm trying to figure out if I'm in
dialog: love with you.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Whoops. Tell me what made you rush
dialog: over and pick me up and bring me
dialog: here at six o'clock. I mean we seem
dialog: to have...
text: She closes her eyes in a characteristic and touching gesture,
text: as the scientist in her struggles to be precise.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (again)
dialog: ...this unspoken agreement not to
dialog: talk about why we're together when
dialog: we're together and I don't think
dialog: it's good to let that become a pattern
dialog: for us.
text: She focuses again on Burke. Prepared for, at last, some verbal
dialog: intimacy.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Why did I rush to you? Because I
dialog: felt like I had to... be with someone
dialog: and you were closest.
dialog: (on Nan's reaction)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: You're not at all aware that you've
dialog: just said something...
dialog: (her eyes close)
dialog: ...unattractive?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Look, I'm sorry if that came out...
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: I'm not looking for an apology.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'm just trying to say that one of
dialog: the things I'm not great at is...
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Let's not make this about your
dialog: shortcomings. I'm sure you've had
dialog: enough of those conversations to
dialog: last you a lifetime. What I'm...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: No, I haven't.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: No, you haven't what?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Had a conversation about
dialog: shortcomings...
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: No woman has ever told you that you
dialog: have an almost barbaric insensitivity?
dialog: That you seem to have lapsed into
dialog: some final cynicism, where you
dialog: actually believe that, not only does
dialog: everyone think the way you do, but
dialog: only you have the courage to express
dialog: it? That you seem horribly certain
dialog: everyone else is sort of pretending
dialog: when they talk about love or seem to
dialog: care for anything outside their own
dialog: anus? No one's ever said that sort
dialog: of thing to you?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Oh, yeah... But I didn't get what
dialog: you meant by 'shortcomings.' Hey, if
dialog: you think things like that, what are
dialog: you doing here?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: I'm here for the same reason 86
dialog: percent of older women loved 'Beauty
dialog: and the Beast.' I would like to
dialog: believe that underneath the creature,
dialog: there is a sweet, caring guy.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I sure hope you're wrong.
text: Nan breaks up, shaking her head ruefully.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: I have to pick up Leslie.
text: Burke, not having intended humor, is also lighthearted, having
text: somehow avoided a tight spot.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Matt, holding the script, walks the small lane through the
text: tidy lawn to the perfect Silver Lake cottage. We HEAR MUSIC
text: from inside. (A soundtrack.) There is a note on the door,
text: which is slightly ajar, reading: "Come right in if you loved
dialog: it--ring if you have reservations." Matt enters.
scene_heading: INT. CATHY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: White walls, thick rugs, great, great, fantasy garret; sparse,
text: but cozy. He walks a step, then there is a girlish squeal
text: and a naked Cathy streaks the rest of the way to her bedroom
text: from the bathroom.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (calling)
dialog: I mistimed it.
dialog: (sticking her head
dialog: out the door)
dialog: I wanted you to catch me fully
dialog: frontal.
text: She smiles broadly; hurriedly putting on something quick and
text: loose to match her buzz. As she walks to him, the phone rings.
text: She ignores it.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: So you loved it. A lot? A little?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Give me a second--all of a sudden,
dialog: there's a lot to deal with.
text: She sits on the sofa--looking at him.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (again)
dialog: It's terrific.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Do you see why I think you're right?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Because you're nice and you know I
dialog: need work.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (lower)
dialog: You know this is really happening,
dialog: so I wish you wouldn't kid around
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Sorry, but I think the audition rule
dialog: is that I have to be serious unless
text: the person in charge is wearing a
text: bathrobe and her nipples are sticking
dialog: out...
dialog: (holds fingers apart)
dialog: ...this much.
text: Cathy peeks down her bathrobe. Then broadly.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: There are some mixed signals coming
dialog: out of here, aren't there?
dialog: (phone rings; she
dialog: answers)
dialog: Hi. Working... I can't write down a
dialog: number now. Call me back.
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: The script?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It's really good. I get a little
dialog: nervous thinking about the
dialog: opportunity.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I want to hear everything. You want
dialog: to go page by page?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: If it's okay. I kind of work on these
dialog: things in a private... it's just...
dialog: it's a little better for me if I
dialog: don't...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Okay, let's do it. It won't kill me.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Please. I understand.
text: An uncertain beat and then she leans over and kisses him. A
text: sound escapes him. They get up and begin walking to the
dialog: bedroom.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I swear to God, I don't know which
dialog: thing I want more, the sex or the
dialog: conversation afterwards.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: What do you mean?
scene_heading: INT. CATHY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: As they enter and move to the bed where Matt starts
text: undressing.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I mean I haven't been to bed with
dialog: anyone since Jeannie got here... I
dialog: haven't talked to anyone the way I
dialog: need to.
dialog: (cradling her breast)
dialog: I haven't seen anything this
dialog: beautiful. I haven't felt this good
dialog: about life. I mean, I've been lonely,
dialog: Cathy.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (as he enters her)
dialog: I'll tell you the truth, Matt. I've
dialog: never felt more like turning my phone
dialog: off.
text: She twists her body gracefully, sexily towards the phone.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You can't shut the phone off. I left
text: this number with Jeannie's sitter.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I don't understand what you're worried
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I'm not worried. But if the phone
dialog: was off, I would worry.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: But I get a lot of calls.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I could put the machine on 'monitor,'
dialog: but it's going to be... I don't know.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It will be okay. I think the most
dialog: important thing is to stop talking
dialog: about the phone. Turn it off, monitor,
dialog: whatever.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Okay.
text: She twists toward the phone again--not quite so beautifully.
speaker_heading: OTHER ANGLE
text: As she hits the "monitor" button, then turns back to him.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You look so serious.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I am so serious.
speaker_heading: CATHY'S POV
dialog: Matt totally there... this is major for him, then he does
text: something sensitive... reads her concern over the depth of
text: his need and interest and shrugs, indicating he can't help
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ON CATHY
dialog: She likes him.
speaker_heading: THE COUPLE
text: As they make love... their union thrown off kilter by the
text: phone messages which roll in periodically as they thrust and
dialog: sweat towards intimacy.
scene_heading: YOUNGER MALE VOICE
dialog: (broadly)
dialog: Hi, Cathy... All my magazines came
dialog: today... Read the new Vanity Fair,
dialog: they take apart three people we
dialog: hate... Spy is bad this month...
dialog: Scorsese didn't get the Time cover,
dialog: the plane crash did... ha, ha, ha...
dialog: Why aren't you at the office? You
dialog: know, I'm getting to the point where
dialog: I prefer to reach people's machines...
dialog: Bye.
text: The love making continues as the calls continue.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON VOICE
dialog: Cathy? Are you there? Hello... Are
dialog: you there?? I'm going to count to
dialog: ten. One, two, three...
dialog: (then to someone
dialog: passing his office)
dialog: Did you go to the screening last
dialog: night? What did you think? That makes
text: two bombs in a row for her.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: ...four, five, six... Pick up if
dialog: you're there. I've got major gossip...
dialog: major screwup. It could be good for
dialog: us.
text: Cathy, in the throes of sexual union, feeling a bit divided
text: by the offer on the phone... she shakes it off.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Is this the kind of crap you listen
dialog: to all day?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Please, we're making love here.
speaker_heading: BURKE'S VOICE
dialog: (incredibly depressed)
dialog: If the TV show bombs, there's going
dialog: to be a dance party on my grave. I
dialog: don't give a crap. Nothing seems to
dialog: have a point anymore. I'm really
dialog: questioning everything... including
dialog: action-adventure... Don't tell anyone
dialog: I'm down. Even destroy the message
dialog: tape. Don't tell anyone I said to
dialog: destroy the message tape. Don't even
dialog: give hints that there's something
dialog: you can't tell them, but you wish
dialog: you could... I'm losing it. I'm losing
dialog: it. I'm losing it. Don't tell nobody.
dialog: Don't tell nobody. Don't tell nobody.
text: The sound of a hang up... the couple having more difficulty
dialog: making love...
text: ON CATHY AND MATT
text: As they look to the phone and react--still joined, then:
speaker_heading: JEANNIE'S VOICE
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Daddy...
dialog: (berating someone who
dialog: is with her)
dialog: You dialed bad... Where is he?
speaker_heading: LUCY'S VOICE
dialog: (with Jeannie coaching
dialog: b.g.)
text: Matt, Jeannie is very upset because
dialog: you are not here when you said. And
text: now the big hand is on the eight...
text: The sound of a hangup... As Matt springs from the bed.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: It's all right.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (as he leaves)
dialog: Is there a name for what we just
dialog: had?
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S CAR - DAY
text: Matt driving. Burke in back as his anxieties gnaw away.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: This is awkward, my driving you around
dialog: and testing for you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Well, I hope you understand I can't
dialog: drive you to work tomorrow and then
dialog: go in and test. It's just...
text: Burke reluctantly considers, then:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Okay. I was going to come in late
dialog: anyway. I'll get one of the kids to
dialog: drive me.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Thanks. And, look, if I get the lead
dialog: in this movie, you'll have to go
text: back to sitting up front with me.
text: Burke laughs--surprised at being genuinely amused.
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Matt, wildly dialing a phone--orange juice in hand, Jeannie
text: standing nearby. He shrieks one phrase.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No sitter!!! Thanks. We're leaving
dialog: now.
scene_heading: INT. MAKE-UP ROOM - DAY
text: Matt is in the final process of being made up, going over
text: his lines. Cathy enters.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Jeannie's fine. There's a whole bunch
text: of kids in the building. She's
dialog: fascinated. And they're all ready
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: How many men are they testing today?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You're the only one.
text: Matt is surprised... But he is a pro and so immediately makes
dialog: use of this sudden blip in status.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Then tell them I need a little more
dialog: time.
scene_heading: MAKE-UP PERSON
dialog: No, it's okay, we're done.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I mean for me. I want to focus a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (she hugs Matt)
dialog: Good luck, Matt.
dialog: (whispered advice)
dialog: The thing they're looking for most
dialog: is sexy.
text: And then they're gone. With that bit of advice, Matt is
text: totally fucked up. A beat after Cathy leaves:
speaker_heading: HAIR PERSON
dialog: You know who she was involved with
dialog: for a minute or so?
scene_heading: MAKE-UP PERSON
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Hey!
dialog: On their look...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (again)
dialog: You guys have to leave. This is
dialog: important and I need to be alone
dialog: right now...
text: They exit... Matt thumbs through the script... does a
text: relaxation exercise... takes a breath and thinks... a beat
text: and he is reasonably confident... he walks one half-circle
text: of the room making sure he's fully pumped, then exits.
scene_heading: EXT. POPCORN MOVIES - DAY
text: As crowded as it was for the previous audition scene, but
text: this time they are reading children of varied ages, and the
text: kids and their parents are all over the stairs, etc. Jeannie
text: is filled with wonder and is arrestingly and atypically shy,
text: as she makes her way through this world of the young, clinging
text: to Cathy's hand, as the kids sing their version of "MAKE
text: BELIEVE"--the stage parents taking one verse. At one point,
text: Cathy's begins talking to someone, blocking Jeannie's view.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Get out of my way!
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Don't say it like that!!!
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Which way should I?
dialog: (polite little girl)
dialog: Get out of my way.
dialog: (almost weeping)
dialog: Get out of my way.
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Get out of my way.
text: All this noticed by a casting person with a clipboard.
speaker_heading: CASTING PERSON
dialog: Wow.
scene_heading: INT. POPCORN PICTURES HALLWAY - SEVERAL HOURS LATER
text: Matt making his way past the last of the kid stragglers.
text: Cathy and Jeannie come running up to him.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It felt great... Everybody...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Let me tell him, let me tell him,
dialog: let me tell him...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (highly annoyed)
dialog: Let him finish! God!
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I want to tell him.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: If you wait one minute, I'll let
dialog: you.
text: Jeannie turns down her volume, but keeps repeating--incanting
dialog: actually... "I can't wait to tell him... I can't wait to
dialog: tell him... I can't wait to tell him..."
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Anyway, the girl I did it with, by
dialog: the way, she's really good; the
dialog: director, the crew... they all thought
dialog: we nailed it.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (loving, sexy)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (to Cathy)
dialog: Now?
text: Cathy nods and Jeannie begins to push Matt into Cathy's office
dialog: for privacy.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Wait till you hear this one.
scene_heading: INT. CATHY'S OFFICE
text: Jeannie sits her father down. This is the first time we've
text: seen her joyful. Pure glee.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Some lady asked me to go in a room
dialog: and, you know, make believe and say
dialog: stuff like we were playing a game...
text: The words coming so fast that Jeannie lets loose with a bolt
text: of SONG, as if taking a moment to catch her breath. Just a
text: few sung lines proclaiming happiness.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (again)
dialog: And everybody went 'yea' and they
dialog: said they wanted me to be on
dialog: television.
text: And the SUNG PHRASE.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: And give me money and have a teacher
dialog: there and a person to braid my hair
dialog: and color my face and give me
dialog: clothes...
text: The sung phrase again.
speaker_heading: ON MATT
dialog: Stricken.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You wait here, Jeannie.
scene_heading: INT. CATHY'S OUTER OFFICE - DAY
text: Several people milling about... Matt eyes Cathy. We still
text: hear Jeannie's muffled singing from the other side of the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (furious)
dialog: I have to talk to you.
scene_heading: EXT. POPCORN PICTURES - DAY
text: As Matt and Cathy come into frame... Matt forcefully placing
text: her with her back to the wall. She is not one to be pushed
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Don't!
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What in hell is wrong with you? You
dialog: actually think...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I'm trying to hang in here but
dialog: everything in me cuts off when
dialog: somebody acts this way.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (continuing right
dialog: along)
dialog: ...that you can have my kid audition
dialog: for a show without asking me.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I didn't... She went for water and
dialog: by the time she got back, they had
dialog: offered her the part. Blame Burke,
dialog: he was there...
text: Matt takes this in. Just a millimeter underneath his fury is
dialog: professional curiosity.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What's the part, anyway?
speaker_heading: CATHY
text: The white kid in a multi-racial foster
dialog: home with all these kids of varying
dialog: ages. It's not a bad show. I sure
dialog: can't wait to see the test.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: How were they able to test her so
dialog: fast?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: No. They offered it to her off the
dialog: reading. I meant your test.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Oh... A child actor. Just what any
dialog: kid with problems needs to straighten
dialog: out--a series of her own...
text: Cathy has nothing to offer. Matt begins leading her back. We
text: HOLD ON THEIR BACKS and see the chink in Matt's confidence,
text: hear the tightness in his voice as he asks:
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You'll let me know as soon as they
dialog: see my test?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Right away... You've got my vote.
text: They hold hands.
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APT. - NIGHT
text: Jeannie, a script in her lap, caressing it, avoiding her
text: father's gaze. He sits nearby sizing her up, pissed.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I'm doing it.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Not if I don't let you. That's the
dialog: law, the police law.
text: She takes this shot hard, but tries to pretend otherwise,
text: continuing to stare hard at her script to avoid him.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Do I have to learn to read to be on
dialog: television?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (with a real edge)
dialog: You're going to have to learn to
dialog: look at me and listen to me and the
dialog: longer I have to wait THE ANGRIER
dialog: I'M GOING TO BE.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (looks up suddenly)
dialog: I'm so mad.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Me too. Just listen.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I don't... why?!?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Because I know about this. I have
dialog: worked with kid actors... They don't
dialog: have that much fun. They're inside
dialog: all day... they don't get to go to
dialog: regular schools or play with their
dialog: regular friends like Ricky and Essa.
dialog: (progressively losing
dialog: it)
dialog: And their parents? You think I'm
dialog: going to be one of those parents,
dialog: sitting in one of those rooms, where
dialog: we all go crazy trying to jump start
dialog: our egos with our kids' sweat, all
text: the time smiling at each other like
dialog: our lives are working while we root
dialog: against everyone else's little girl?
dialog: (Jeannie is totally
dialog: confused, until)
dialog: No!! No way! I can't!
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Okay. So, no, you're cuckoo anyway.
dialog: I won't do it. And I don't care
dialog: because I'm be stupid at it anyway.
text: She throws the script down. Tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Pick it up, Jeannie.
text: She's so down, she complies--picking it up and walking it to
text: the trash can. Matt stops her and takes the script.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Let's work on it.
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The staff of Popcorn Pictures is gathered in the boss' office
text: watching Matt's screentest on projection TV. Burke sits next
text: to Nan on a sofa--Cathy sits in front of him--others in chairs
text: or on the floor. One ASSISTANT is attempting to "fine tune"
text: the color--the TINT BAR GRAPH is on screen sliding between +
text: and - as the color changes. Burke talks sotto to Nan.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: So how do you think 'Ground Zero'
dialog: will do tonight?
text: She ignores him, continuing to watch the screen. He leans
text: into her.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: How do you think my movie will do
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (testy)
dialog: I'm not going to talk to you during
dialog: Matt's screentest.
text: Cathy turns in her chair and mouths "thank you" to Nan.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: How bad can it be? We've got to have
text: at least a two million dollar Friday.
dialog: There's nothing else out there.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'm watching...
speaker_heading: ON SCREEN
text: A VERY ATTRACTIVE ACTRESS is crying... Matt very close to
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: BURKE'S VOICE
dialog: Stop playing with that thing.
text: The COLOR BAR GRAPH does a quick slide and disappears from
text: the screen leaving the actors' faces green.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: (crying)
dialog: C'mon, Deeds, tell me about the
dialog: meeting.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: Don't worry about my crying. As a
dialog: matter of fact, crying turns me on.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Well, in that case, your dog died.
text: There is laughter in the room. The actress smiles through
text: her tears--pats Matt for being wonderful.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: What happened at the meeting?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I can't remember. You're too pretty.
dialog: (on her look)
dialog: Oh, I told them I'd keep on being
dialog: Chairman.
dialog: (then explaining)
dialog: I'm Chairman, you know.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Told them I'd keep on being Chairman
dialog: if they hired everybody back.
speaker_heading: ACTRESS
dialog: What did they say?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Oh, that I was crazy. You always
dialog: wear your hair back like that?
text: She kisses him. We HEAR the director say, "Cut. Terrific,
text: guys." The girl and Matt hug, no longer in character, as
text: others come in to congratulate them.
scene_heading: INT. SCREENING ROOM - DAY
dialog: Ad-libbed enthusiasm... mostly about the girl...
speaker_heading: ON CATHY
text: As the conversation about the girl grows more pointed...
text: Cathy, impassive outwardly, recoiling inwardly.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Okay, come on... let's have our
dialog: creative meeting right here.
speaker_heading: MALE D PERSON
dialog: Well, I'd sure go to bed with her.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (professionally
dialog: concurring)
dialog: Very fuckable.
scene_heading: MALE CASTING PERSON
dialog: I'd sure fuck her.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Okay... that's her... What about
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: FEMALE D PERSON
dialog: I think he's a very good to excellent
dialog: actor--I do...
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: But there's something...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: You wouldn't want to fuck him?
speaker_heading: FEMALE D PERSON
dialog: Well, six years ago, maybe.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I think he's talented and attractive.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: So you'd want to fuck him?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: He might be light in that area.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: The man is talented. If you get one
dialog: of those directors who like actors,
dialog: I think...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: A director can't make you hot if
dialog: you're not hot. You'll end up with
dialog: warm which is death.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (defending Matt
dialog: slightly)
dialog: We laughed.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Let me ask you something... Would
dialog: you fuck him?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Everything doesn't boil down to...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Let me stop you before you embarrass
dialog: yourself.
text: Burke rises and addresses his staff... the camera has his
text: back in the foreground as it MOVES TOWARDS A RENDEZVOUS,
text: Burke moving too as he continues...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (again)
dialog: We all can do our little lectures on
dialog: what things boil down to. Everybody
dialog: else here was professional enough to
dialog: come out and say... I'd fuck her...
dialog: I wouldn't fuck him... and you're
dialog: ducking it... I want you to forget
dialog: the acting stuff and totally focus
dialog: on the issue.
text: And now Burke and CAMERA meet up--the effect being that he
text: is talking directly to us as he continues.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (again)
dialog: We do have some kind of responsibility
dialog: to the audience... You just saw his
dialog: screentest... so, if this is the
dialog: first time you saw the guy, do you
dialog: come out thinking to yourself and
dialog: your girl friends, 'I'd sure go to
dialog: bed with him; oh God, would he be
dialog: something.' Would you, Cathy?... I'm
dialog: being real here.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Okay, so let's keep looking.
text: They file out. Cathy gets up several beats later than the
text: others... and follows them out, avoiding Nan's look.
scene_heading: INT. CATHY'S OFFICE - EARLY EVENING
dialog: She's been sitting here for quite a while... she can postpone
text: no longer; she dials as one of her MOVIE SOUND TRACKS PLAYS
text: in the background.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello. Matt... Hi... Okay, sure...
text: She listens, waiting for him to quiet Jeannie.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (again)
dialog: Matt...
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Matt... Matt... Maybe it would be
dialog: easier if I just said 'hi' to her...
dialog: Hi, Jeannie... Yes, it's exciting...
dialog: No, no. He's right, honey, they get
dialog: somebody to read it to you. Now, put
dialog: your dad on--it's important. No,
dialog: first put your dad on... DAMN IT!
dialog: (she waits a beat)
dialog: ...Matt. Uh-huh, a few hours ago...
dialog: They all... everyone liked your work,
dialog: but I think they'll go for a name or
dialog: something.
text: She listens to him. He is hurt. Cathy, though, is also
text: wrestling with her own internal struggles. She has betrayed
text: him and is ashamed; in a strange way--terrified. She is,
text: therefore, just a little irritable.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (again)
dialog: It's not a matter of doing it
dialog: differently... they liked what you
dialog: did, a lot... they laughed and...
dialog: it's not you... it's them.
dialog: (suddenly her breath
dialog: comes weird)
dialog: No, please. Don't thank me. If you
dialog: feel like getting together later or
dialog: anytime, call me, okay? You sound
dialog: like you have your hands full right
dialog: now... Goodbye.
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APT. - NIGHT
text: As he hangs up...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I wanted to talk to her again...
dialog: I...
text: She stops in mid-sentence, looking at her father. He is
dialog: overcome... his energy failing to get him past this most
text: awful moment in his life. She moves to his side. He starts
text: to cry and, urgently seeking privacy, he moves quickly towards
text: the bathroom, rubbing Jeannie in an instinctive gesture of
text: reassurance. He closes the door.
speaker_heading: ON JEANNIE
text: Devoid of anger. Sympathy so pure that it wrenches. She starts
text: to move towards the bathroom. Her voice sweet...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Dad? Daddy?
text: Matt opens the door quickly.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Everything's okay... I'm sorry I
dialog: forgot to put you back on with Cathy.
text: He walks across the room, Jeannie tracking him.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: You didn't cried because of that...
dialog: I don't even want to talk to her.
text: Matt sits down, still suffering a bit of dysfunction, unable
text: to keep up appearances other than a few minor half-hearted
text: tweaks at his daughter who stands solemn and silent at his
text: side. She pets him some... this goes on for several beats as
text: the STRAINS OF "YOU COULD BE WONDERFUL" accompany the moment.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Dad. Can I say just one thing?
text: With some effort, Matt lifts his head and nods permission.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: You've got to make me supper.
text: Matt nods, rises and leads her into the small kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Burke is wearing a T-shirt and shorts as he walks to his
text: four-stops-past-state-of-the-art Stairmaster and turns it on
text: while looking over his shoulder at the telephone... now
text: sucking in some courage, he goes to the phone and speed dials.
text: He begins to climb the stairs.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You have reached the Warner's Hotline.
dialog: Estimated Box Office Grosses for
dialog: Friday, December 3rd, Weekend Number
dialog: 49, are as follows in millions of
dialog: dollars.
text: He braces himself... there is a tone, then:
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Due to the high volume of calls, we
dialog: must ask you to wait till a line is
dialog: clear...
text: MUSIC IN... At first from the speaker phone... Burke moving
text: in time to "THERE IS A LONELY..." And now singing... As the
text: lyric concludes and the instrumental comes in.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: (again)
dialog: Thanks for waiting. Weekend 49 grosses
dialog: follow in millions of dollars.
dialog: 'Belligerence,' 714 theaters. Two-
dialog: point-one-eight million, down 46
dialog: percent.
text: Burke smiles with pleasure... his steps becoming lighter,
text: more fanciful.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: (again)
dialog: 'Best Girl,' 1,820 theaters, six-
dialog: point-four million, up 24 percent.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: Cappuccino movies.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Opening this weekend, 'Double Dare
dialog: Two,' 1,870 theaters, fourteen-point-
dialog: three million.
text: ...and now his film, "Ground Zero," is coming up to bat...
text: as succor to the gods, he tries to make his dance gleeful in
dialog: anticipation.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: (again)
dialog: 'Ground Zero,' 2,110 theaters, no
dialog: million, point four thousand dollars.
text: Burke falls off his Stairmaster and, from his new position,
text: finishes his song.
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S CAR - DAY
text: Matt is driving. Burke is seated alongside him, talking
text: without looking at him.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'm going to pieces...
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: The picture was budgeted at 21 million
dialog: and I spent 49 so they were a little
dialog: mad at me to begin with. Now it
text: doesn't open even with an Arby's
dialog: Roast Beef tie-in... I mean, we only
dialog: averaged 300 dollars a theater...
dialog: they're going to think I'm Woody
dialog: Allen.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I don't think you have to worry about
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Thanks. But this is private. What
dialog: about the exit survey? Did we do
dialog: good with any group at all?
text: Now we HEAR Nan's voice on the speakerphone which Burke has
dialog: been addressing all along.
speaker_heading: NAN'S VOICE
dialog: I can't hear you, but--hi, Matt--
dialog: that was funny.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: NAN'S VOICE
dialog: 'I don't think you have to worry
dialog: about that?'
text: She laughs delightedly. Burke leans across Matt's lap to get
text: closer to the microphone.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Did we do well with any group at
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: NAN'S VOICE
text: Eleven-year-old boys in the South.
text: He sits stupified.
speaker_heading: NAN'S VOICE
dialog: (again)
dialog: Burke? Burke? Matt, is he...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'll see you later. Goodbye.
speaker_heading: NAN'S VOICE
dialog: But, hon...
text: He hits the "end" button. He slumps for a second, then:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'm all alone...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: At least there's that.
scene_heading: EXT. POPCORN PICTURES - DAY
text: As the car arrives outside Popcorn Pictures, we can SEE some
text: child actors and their parents arriving at the sound stage
text: next door.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Are you going to need me? The kids
dialog: are rehearsing and I'd like to take
dialog: a look.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Yeah, sure. I have to stay inside
dialog: during lunch hours now anyway--that's
dialog: when everybody returns my calls
dialog: because they're trying to miss me.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Is that true?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (misinterpreting)
dialog: Yeah. Thanks for the support.
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO - DAY
text: A row of parents standing near their child actors, adjusting
dialog: them--not unlike handlers of racing Greyhounds.
speaker_heading: ON JEANNIE
text: Seen from a distance--her father behind her. In the
text: foreground, the mass of workers on the stage, It is, in
text: effect, her POV, even though she is in the extreme background
text: of the shot. We MOVE CLOSER to Jeannie and her father--even
text: a bit behind them. Jeannie is scared.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I bet I know what it looks like to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: A giant "find Waldo."
text: Despite herself, she smiles at the reference, though her
text: tone is a bit sarcastic.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Very funny.
speaker_heading: PASSING VOICE
dialog: Five minutes, children, then we need
dialog: you for work on the set.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Set?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: That pretend living room, right over
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Okay. Set. Bye...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (holding her arm)
dialog: Wait a second, Jeannie. Let Daddy
dialog: give you a few tips here.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (twisting away)
dialog: Nooo. I've got to get to work.
text: She breaks free, depriving Matt of the sweet and simple moment
dialog: he wanted with her. She's one of the first ones on the set,
text: other kids still hugging their parents. As Cathy comes up
text: behind Matt, we can HEAR Jeannie who, having so small a trust
dialog: for her father, needs to confirm what he just told her.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: Is this the set?
text: Matt reacts.
speaker_heading: PASSING VOICE
dialog: Parents to Room Two, please.
dialog: (as he goes by Matt)
dialog: Parents to Room Two, please.
text: Jeannie is watching.
speaker_heading: PASSING VOICE
dialog: (again)
dialog: We have to clear the set.
text: Matt looks him off fiercely. The Passing Voice addresses the
dialog: friendlier parents.
speaker_heading: PASSING VOICE
dialog: (again)
dialog: This way, parents.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I'm glad I found you.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hi.
scene_heading: OTHER AREA - BEHIND GRANDSTAND SEATS
text: As they walk.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You holding up? What did you do last
dialog: night after I called?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (as if teasing)
dialog: What do you think I did? I cried
text: like a baby.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Okay. Okay. So you don't want to
dialog: tell me. Be a tough guy.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Now you got it.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I feel relieved just seeing you after
dialog: all that stuff... whew... Okay.
dialog: (preparing to go)
dialog: Burke wants to...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You ever go out with him?
text: Cathy is as simple and direct as she is embarrassed.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You slept with him?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Did you hate it?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Eventually.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (reeling a bit)
dialog: Good Lord.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: This is the thing that makes me
dialog: nervous about you... You keep on
dialog: assuming I'm nicer than I am.
text: He kisses her. She kisses back. Then there is an
text: extraordinarily loud and piercing voice.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: DAD!!
text: He turns to see Jeannie beckoning to him from the stage--the
text: director, standing at her side, joins in. He walks to them.
scene_heading: ANGLE - STAGE FULL OF ACTORS
text: The Director is talking to Jeannie who seems, even from a
text: distance, distraught and lost. She sees Matt.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: There's such trouble.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: She's very worried about being able
dialog: to pretend cry when she has to and
text: she doesn't get it about memorizing.
dialog: That's all.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: That's all?!?
text: The Director beckons Matt to lead her away. He does.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: This isn't going to be good.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Not with that attitude.
text: She seems stung by this, unusually vulnerable. He changes
dialog: tactics, softening.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (again)
dialog: It's just that they... Well, did
dialog: they tell you what an audience is?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (insulted)
dialog: I know what an audience is.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Good. Now, because there's an
dialog: audience, they want you to know all
dialog: the words you have to say really
dialog: well. And since you can't read yet...
dialog: (off her fierce look)
dialog: ...you're going to have to be patient
dialog: and try hard. I can help you.
text: She grasps at this unlikely straw.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Can you help me to cry?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (on her broad disbelief)
dialog: I can. I can help make it okay. Trust
dialog: me.
text: Jeannie pauses half a beat, then:
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I miss my mother bigger than you
dialog: know.
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APT. - DAY
text: Matt on phone, Jeannie standing next to him reaching for the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (to Jeannie)
dialog: Not yet. Don't grab.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Thank you. We really appreciate this.
dialog: Hi, Beth. I...
text: Jeannie grabs the phone in a flash.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (softly into phone)
dialog: Mom? No... Nothing... Nothing...
dialog: Nothing. Nothing... Would you talk?
dialog: I'd just like to listen to you...
dialog: Wait. Let me sit down.
text: Jeannie sits herself by the window, protected by an iron
text: grill, and sits listening to her mother. There is about this
text: pose something prescient; unmistakably, Jeannie will look
text: this way again as a young woman cloaked in the love of some
text: guy... but for now it's her mother, her crazy mother, who
text: blots out dread. Matt is struck by how quiet and adoring
text: Jeannie looks even as he moves to give his daughter some
text: privacy. Several beats, Jeannie noticing her Dad looking at
text: her--switching positions, body language indicating that she
text: wants to put him out of her mind... then a thought.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Dad says he's going to make me to
dialog: really cry.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Jeannie, your mom's not going to
dialog: understand what you mean.
text: Jeannie shushes him, resisting with surprising will and
text: strength when he tries to get the phone.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: She understands!!!
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: He's being terrible right now.
dialog: (faster; avoiding
dialog: Matt)
dialog: I love, loved, the coloring book you
dialog: sent me. Goodbye. Wait. I love you.
dialog: Let me hang up first. Love you. Send
dialog: me a letter. Bye. And a beaded T-
dialog: shirt. Bye.
text: She hangs up. Matt pissed.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Why don't you let me be on your side
dialog: for a second?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I can't even understand what you're
dialog: saying now.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Do you know what trust means?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Not very.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It means that even if something is
dialog: hard to believe, you believe someone
dialog: you trust because you know he wouldn't
dialog: say it unless it were true.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I understand. So I don't trust
dialog: anybody, right?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yeah, I think you get the concept.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: You don't make sense. I don't
dialog: understand you.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I think you do.
text: Jeannie reacts broadly... indicating what a difficult man
dialog: she's stuck with.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Just know that...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Okayyyy!
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (giving up)
dialog: You want to help me make a phone
dialog: call?
text: She goes quickly to the phone and picks it up.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Seven... two...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (hitting numbers)
dialog: Who are we calling?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Cathy. She's very nice. One... six...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (hard to read)
dialog: "Very nice..." One...
scene_heading: INT. CATHY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: As she answers phone.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE'S VOICE
dialog: Hi...
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: What now?
scene_heading: MATT'S VOICE IN BACKGROUND
dialog: Tell her, 'How are you' and then let me...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE'S VOICE
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Jeannie... I can't talk now because...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Wait, my dad wants to...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Tell him I can't talk 'cause I'm on
dialog: the phone with a director...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: He wants to talk to you very much
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: I can't. I have to hang up.
dialog: She does.
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APT. - NIGHT
text: Jeannie, truly stung by the hang-up. She takes this act of
text: Cathy's as an insult to herself and her father. Matt doesn't
dialog: feel too wonderful about it himself.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You have to understand that sometimes
text: people are too busy.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: So she's too busy for you?
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Burke and Nan eating together on an elevated balcony
text: overlooking the main eating area.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: We look like jerks eating here this
dialog: early. Everybody's going to think we
dialog: couldn't get a reservation for the
dialog: hot hours.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Why do you do this to yourself? Why
dialog: do you insist on eating dinner in a
dialog: restaurant where you're bound to see
dialog: all the people you're afraid of?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'm not afraid of them.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: What do you call it when you think
dialog: that what a group of people think of
dialog: you can confirm or destroy any decent
dialog: idea you have of yourself?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Normal.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: How did little Jeannie do today?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Isn't it something that they have
dialog: you testing the TV show?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: What I asked was, how did Jeannie
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Somebody else. Jeannie. How did she
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Don't talk to me like this.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (really pissed)
dialog: I want to be treated as if I'm really
dialog: saying words to you which you engage
dialog: and respond to. I like Matt; I'd
dialog: like to know how his daughter did.
dialog: So before you take your dance of
text: desperation across the restaurant
dialog: and I end up feeling so sorry for
dialog: you that I could die, I would like
dialog: you to answer my question.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: She did okay... and don't worry about
dialog: Matt... If the pilot sells, his kid
dialog: will be making five thousand a week.
dialog: So what do you know about 'People
dialog: Get Hurt?'
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: I'm told that they're not going to
dialog: release it...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I knew. I knew. What the hell are
dialog: you smiling for?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Forgive me. But telling you about
dialog: this latest failure of yours--it
dialog: pleases me. I have no idea why.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I can't be with someone who's not
dialog: rooting for me.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: I think I am. It's just that rooting
dialog: for you is a good deal more
dialog: complicated than you realize.
dialog: (as he rises)
dialog: Don't go.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Don't worry. I'm not that mad. I
dialog: gotta do this.
text: MUSIC IN as Burke leaves the table. This "Dance of
text: Desperation" is classical. Burke himself lifting one of the
text: women in greeting, then, as he puts her down.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (again)
dialog: Sorry. I thought you were someone
dialog: else.
text: As he continues to go from table to table.
speaker_heading: TIGHT ON NAN
text: As she looks down on him, dying for him, we HEAR her sing
text: the song "Poor Bastards". Finally, not only about Burke--but
text: the other damaged souls he seeks to dance with. Now, Nan can
text: take no more. She exits.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - BURKE
text: As he sees her go past in the background, he goes after her,
text: finally grabbing her near the Maitre D' station. This, just
text: as TWO IMPORTANT COUPLES arrive. Burke frantically tries to
dialog: cover.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Nan, you know Victor and his wife...
text: (he mumbles, unable
dialog: to remember any wife's
dialog: name)
dialog: and Jay and his wife...
dialog: (he mumbles)
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Yes. I'm sorry I can't talk now. I'm
dialog: very upset about what's happening to
dialog: Burke, so I just made up my mind I
dialog: can't be witness to it anymore if I
dialog: love him and I certainly shouldn't
dialog: be here if I don't... so I was just
text: in the process of leaving when he
dialog: stopped me and you folks walked in...
dialog: I'm sure you've had something like
dialog: this happen to you some time... some
dialog: horrible thing in your personal life
text: happening in public.
text: They all nod and ad-lib agreements with her premise to Burke's
dialog: amazement.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (again)
dialog: Thank you for understanding.
dialog: (to Burke)
dialog: Goodbye. I wish only good things for
dialog: you even though I feel I've been
dialog: really damaged by this relationship.
text: She exits, enormously upset. Burke, torn between following
text: her and repairing the social damage. But the couples are
text: paying him no mind; rather they are impressed with Nan. As
dialog: they comment, i.e.
speaker_heading: COUPLES
dialog: Wasn't that spectacular? I've never
dialog: seen anybody that secure...
text: Burke accepts the compliments as if meant for him.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Thank you. Thank you. We're very
dialog: close.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: The strains of "Poor Bastards" underscoring the moment as
text: Burke rushes into the parking area and grabs Nan's hand just
text: as a valet brings her car.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: You don't understand that I'm
dialog: exhausted from hurting. I'm through
dialog: with you.
text: She begins to cry. Ordinarily this would be a scene which
text: would be unendurable for Burke. However, the lesson of a
text: moment ago is not lost on him. As people get out of cars and
text: witness the sobbing Nan.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (to restaurant patrons)
dialog: Excuse me, we're working our shit
dialog: out... I'm sure it happened to you...
dialog: you know, private stuff in public.
text: The reaction to his openness is disdain and passing contempt.
text: She drives off, leaving Burke hurt and alone. "Poor Bastards"
text: up and out.
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APT. - NIGHT
text: The lighting soft and sweet. Jeannie's words are tentative
text: as she talks to her father who sits watching intently.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I don't know if I've been bad. I
dialog: know somebody's been bad.
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: ...maybe it's you.
text: Matt laughs. Jeannie looks at him shyly... he looks at her
text: with encouragement. Suddenly she is in his arms, hugging him
text: hard, an emotional dam seems to have broken.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Oh, I love you so much, I love you
dialog: so much... I love you so much.
text: Matt holds on--clearly, deeply moved. Then he exercises the
text: effort to control his emotions and speaks, surprisingly, as
dialog: a Black woman.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (as Black woman)
dialog: I hope that makes you feel a whole
dialog: lot better, Chile... 'Cause it sure
dialog: goes a long way to cure what ails
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I can't believe I...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (as himself, coaching)
dialog: ...got in this much...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: ...got in this much trouble. .
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Right. Over a...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (guessing)
dialog: Word?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yes. 'I can't believe I got in this
dialog: much trouble over a word.' Now do
dialog: you know what she means when she
dialog: says that?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I don't want to talk about it--just
dialog: say her stuff so I know mine.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: No.
text: She starts to flail a bit.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It's your choice... But I'm not
dialog: helping unless you try to understand
dialog: as well as memorize. It will be fun.
dialog: Come on. I know it's hard...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Okay. Okay...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Anything to shut me up, huh? Okay,
dialog: this little girl you're pretending
dialog: to be... she can't be with her Mommy
dialog: either, just like you, or her
dialog: father... she has to stay in Rainbow
dialog: House which is called that because...
dialog: (Jeannie starts
dialog: fidgeting)
dialog: Jeannie...
dialog: (she stops)
dialog: ...because everyone's a different
dialog: color... so when this little girl
dialog: calls the black lady who takes care
dialog: of all the children this terrible
dialog: word... it's like the worst thing
dialog: anybody can do... Come here.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (approaching him)
dialog: I don't want to do the 'I love you'
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yeah, I might have been working you
dialog: too hard on that one.
text: She is unable to resist muttering one sarcastic shot.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Yeah. Why don't you do that with
dialog: poopie Cathy?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (ignoring her)
dialog: Now, did the director tell you how
dialog: he wanted you to do it?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: He said to smile all the time almost
dialog: and to talk... uh...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Faster?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Okay. We don't always get good
dialog: directors, so it's important for
dialog: us...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Me. You're not in the show.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I'm referring to the family of actors,
dialog: you little shithead.
text: Jeannie doesn't know quite how to take the name calling.
text: MUSIC IN... we're heading for a rendezvous with a dance as
text: it CONTINUES ACROSS THE CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TV STAGE - EARLY MORNING
text: Matt and Jeannie walking from the catering truck. They are
text: eating ravenously. MUSIC CONTINUES... VERY JOYOUS.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: This is so good...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It's a breakfast burrito. It's what
dialog: actors eat when they're working.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Really.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF GARDEN - DAY
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Now, let's work a little more. The
dialog: most important acting you do is when
dialog: you listen. You're worried about
dialog: being able to cry when you're supposed
dialog: to, right?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Yes. So much.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Well, there are really only two ways
dialog: to do it. Think of something that
dialog: makes you really sad... or forget
dialog: you're you and really forget you're
dialog: pretending...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: How do I do that one?
text: Matt reads from script.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (as a furious Black
dialog: woman)
dialog: 'Don't test me, child! I could eat
dialog: you for lunch when I was your age
dialog: and I'm a hell of a lot bigger now!'
text: Jeannie looks afraid.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: That's it... You just looked at me
dialog: and acted right without even thinking.
dialog: And there are games you can play to
dialog: help you with this. Get up...
dialog: (she does)
dialog: Now, be my mirror... do exactly what
dialog: I do... that's it... now, at a certain
dialog: point, I'm going to become your
dialog: mirror, but I'm not going to tell
dialog: you when... you tell me...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: Now?
text: Matt nods.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: Okay. We're going to make up words.
dialog: The words aren't what matter now.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I'm on a roof...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You're a great dad.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: You're a...
dialog: (then stops; then
dialog: smiles at him)
text: This acting exercise of Chicago's Story Theater leads into
text: the song, "BE MY MIRROR." As the song finishes, Matt and
dialog: Jeannie are in the best spirits we've seen as an A.D.
text: approaches.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: They need you.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Okay.
text: She takes the A.D.'s hand as Matt calls.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You're welcome. Don't mention it.
scene_heading: INT. CATHY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Cathy is in mid conversation with Millie. Matt enters and
text: boldly says his piece.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I'm a free man. Let's go to your
text: house and break the answering machine.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You know, I could get away now. But
dialog: I've got a big meeting later. We'd
dialog: better take two cars.
text: Millie, having been at the screen test viewing, is taken
text: aback, looking from one to the other. Cathy knows what she's
text: thinking and is unnerved, feeling silently accused, as she
text: leads Matt out.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: See you later. Thanks again.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY
text: Cathy's car followed by Matt in Burke's car. The frame holds
text: both cars close as if this were one long car.
scene_heading: INT. CATHY'S CAR - DAY
text: She seems troubled. Then a decision. She dials a number on
text: her mobile phone and picks up the receiver.
scene_heading: INT. MATT/BURKE'S CAR - DAY
text: The phone rings. He punches the speaker button.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I hope it's you.
scene_heading: CATHY'S VOICE ON SPEAKER
dialog: Hi.
text: Matt waves...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: So this is how the big ones make
dialog: out.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE TWO CARS
text: Almost bumper to bumper... snuggling.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CATHY
text: She takes a breath and then plunges.
scene_heading: INT. MATT/BURKE'S CAR - DAY
text: As he hears one of the more ominous phrases of the motion
dialog: picture community.
speaker_heading: CATHY'S VOICE
dialog: Matt, will you take me off the
dialog: speaker?
text: He picks up the phone. We intercut between the cars.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (hyper)
dialog: I don't know whether I'm being a
dialog: coward for telling you this way or
dialog: brave for telling you period... Can
dialog: you hear me?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: But I better talk fast because this
dialog: is where my phone always kicks out...
dialog: When we did your screentest... Can
dialog: you hear me?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Well, I sort of folded on you at the
dialog: end.
text: She pauses, silence, then:
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Matt?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You didn't like what I did?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I did. Truly. But the discussion got
dialog: sort of dumb. It was a question of
dialog: sexiness.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: That's what it came down to?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Well, sort of, yes.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You folded on whether or not I'm
dialog: sexy. You don't think I'm sexy...
dialog: and you expressed that to...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Well, I'll tell you. I certainly
dialog: must think so pretty much because I
dialog: feel great about where we're going
dialog: now...
scene_heading: EXT. NARROW CANYON ROAD - DAY
text: There is a longish line of cars behind Matt and Cathy.
scene_heading: INT. CATHY'S CAR - DAY
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Are you very mad at me?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: No. You were just... Aw, damn it, I
dialog: am. Very. Yes.
text: Matt manages to pull to the side... the other cars gobbling
text: the places behind Cathy, who sees this... and now she watches
text: Matt's car recede from her view.
speaker_heading: MATT'S POV
text: Cathy going out of sight.
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: As he lets her go.
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S HOME - EARLY MORNING
text: He is in bed, wearing a bathrobe, watching projection TV.
speaker_heading: FIRST VOICE
dialog: ...number seven at the box office
dialog: this week-end is...
text: He switches channels.
speaker_heading: VOICE NUMBER TWO
dialog: ...the two words are Tom Cruise.
text: He switches channels.
speaker_heading: THIRD VOICE
dialog: ...becoming the first lawyer to be
dialog: awarded his own star on Hollywood
dialog: Boule...
text: He turns off the TV and crosses to the phone, allowing us to
text: read the back of his bathrobe "ROCKY BALBOA."
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BURKE
text: He looks at the clock which reads "four a.m." and dials.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Hello, Nan. I hope it's not too late
dialog: to call.
scene_heading: INT. NAN'S KITCHEN - EARLY MORNING
text: She has been crying.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'd like another chance.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: You only think you feel that way
dialog: because you're on the verge of failure
dialog: and you're without a core...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: See. Nobody else gets me.
dialog: (a beat then)
dialog: You wanna have a little sex, honey?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (a beat then)
dialog: You know I've never hung up on anybody
dialog: in my life... because what if the
dialog: next thing they said solved
dialog: everything... but I must end this
dialog: conversation.
text: Nan hangs up. Burke picks up a pocket electronic notepad
text: from the bedstand and hits the scroll button.
scene_heading: INSERT ELECTRONIC NOTEBOOK
dialog: Names and phone numbers.
speaker_heading: ON BURKE
text: He scrolls past numbers, considering, finding them wanting,
text: so that, finally, he is scrolling the emptiness of his
text: relationships. Now he considers one number and dials.
scene_heading: INT. MATT'S APARTMENT - EARLY MORNING
text: The phone rings. He picks it up.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hello.
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN THE TWO
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Hi, Matt, this is Burke. I'm sorry
dialog: to bother you at home, but you know
dialog: Nan... We were going out a little
dialog: and I could use another guy's slant
dialog: on what's just happened.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I don't think I can get into this...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Why? Did I catch you at a bad time?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Worse. You caught me at a bad time
dialog: you caused.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Oh, you mean about the screentest.
dialog: The whole room thought you did good
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (reinventing irony)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Yeah, look, I'm not going to bother
dialog: you about my thing.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yeah. Okay, good night.
scene_heading: INT. BURKE'S APARTMENT - EARLY MORNING
text: As he hangs up. Looks down and turns off his phone number
text: pocket computer. MUSIC RECALLS Prince's "There is Lonely."
scene_heading: EXT. TV STUDIO - LATE AFTERNOON
text: MUSIC SEGUES to recall "I'LL DO ANYTHING," as he drives past
text: the line waiting to see RAINBOW HOUSE.
text: (NOTE: FROM THIS POINT ON, THERE WILL BE AN UNDERCURRENT OF
scene_heading: CHOREOGRAPHY TO CONCLUSION...)
scene_heading: INT. MAKE-UP ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: We see Jeannie's face in the mirror, but it is seen through
text: something resembling fleece, which we now recognize as the
text: strands of Jeannie's hair being combed out to the side by an
text: expert hair-dresser. Jeannie is shifting nervously in the
text: large room where each chair is filled with a child of a
dialog: different age and color. In the b.g., we can HEAR the voice
text: of the WARM-UP MAN.
speaker_heading: WARM-UP MAN
dialog: ...pilot for a new show called
dialog: 'Rainbow House'. Just listen to our
dialog: band and I'll be back to tell you
dialog: more and make you love me...
text: The audience laughs thinly. The BAND PLAYS as someone closes
text: the door to the make-up room muffling the offstage sound...
text: There is a good deal of tension in the brightly lit room.
text: Jeannie sits between a FOURTEEN-YEAR-OLD HISPANIC BOY and a
text: FOUR-YEAR-OLD ASIAN GIRL. The room is abuzz... kids running
text: lines and loudly talking... this builds to a musical life as
text: in our first audition scene... there is a briefly sung phrase
dialog: (Jeannie not taking part).
scene_heading: INT. GREEN ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The parents, in the same variety of skin colors as the child
text: actors, are stuffed into a small room being patronized by
text: the ASSISTANT DIRECTOR. Matt is grimly seated in the middle
text: of a long sofa containing stage mothers. Another sofa is two
text: feet away; the parents strain at each other. The A.D. is
text: talking grandly but we cannot hear his words because the
text: Rainbow Parents are SINGING a phrase from the same song we
text: heard in the make-up room. Matt does not take part in the
text: singing. The music goes under allowing us to now hear the
text: A.D.'s words.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: ...and when you're in the audience,
dialog: make sure you laugh and applaud even
dialog: when it's somebody else's kid...
text: There is appreciative laughter from everyone save Matt, who
text: rises in disgust and crosses out of the room.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: (again)
dialog: You're not allowed near the stage.
dialog: We only have a few minutes...
text: Matt ignores him and exits.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE AREA - LATE AFTERNOON
scene_heading: MUSIC NOW EMPHASIZING THE TENSION OF THE PRE-SHOW ATMOSPHERE.
text: Matt, moving about the area, looking for Jeannie, spots a
text: cluster of other cast members excitedly awaiting their
text: introduction. Jeannie not among them. An A.D. talks with
dialog: concern to a P.A.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: Let me know if you see the little
dialog: white girl.
text: Matt, growing concerned, walks on, then:
speaker_heading: MATT'S POV
text: Across the stage to the distant make-up room. Jeannie, alone
text: in the room, which is so brightly lit it creates a bizarre
text: effect, as if she were under a surreal spotlight. MUSIC
text: reprises Jeannie's Sinead O'Connor song, "Lonely Life of
dialog: Mine."
speaker_heading: ON MATT
text: Stopping his impulse to go to her--he continues to observe.
speaker_heading: MATT'S POV
text: Jeannie is nervous and uncertain... She plays with the handle
text: of the make-up chair... turns herself back and forth... Then
text: a very attractive TEN-YEAR-OLD BOY enters the scene--obviously
text: telling her to hustle... He offers his hand and she takes
text: it, instinctively masking all clues that this hand holding
text: is a "first" of great moment in her life. As they move toward
text: the main stage area, Jeannie looks around, needing
dialog: something... her dad.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Jeannie.
text: She turns--sees her father and gives a small, cursory nod...
text: He moves quickly, drawing even with her but still giving her
text: a bit of space and a low-key pep talk.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Just remember. You're not even here
dialog: tonight. There's only this other
dialog: little girl that you're pretending
dialog: to be who lives at Rainbow House.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: ...and who just vomited.
text: Matt breaks up. Even Jeannie smiles briefly, then she takes
dialog: him aside for privacy.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I just found out that we bow before
dialog: we even do anything.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
text: And everybody claps.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I made up a great bow. You going to
dialog: look?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Wouldn't miss it.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I'm not going to be able to cry.
dialog: It's too hard for me.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hey, then they'll just give you more
dialog: chances after everyone leaves.
text: This does not satisfy her. She rolls her eyes as she is pulled
text: away towards the front of the stage. Matt watches as the 10-
text: year-old veteran actor leads his little daughter towards her
dialog: debut.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - LATE AFTERNOON - MOVING SHOT - BURKE
text: MUSIC, a tension-filled version of "Poor Bastard." Burke's
dialog: stride was never stronger, his posture never worse; head
text: hunched down into his neck. Suddenly, he reacts as he sees:
text: the staff of Popcorn Pictures grouped together backstage.
text: Cathy walking towards the group hurriedly from one direction
text: as Burke approaches from the other. Seeing his staff has
dialog: clearly moved Burke.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Look at you. You're all here because
dialog: of what's on the line for me tonight.
dialog: Having this many people in your corner
dialog: helps more than I would have ever
dialog: guessed. I'm just very grateful that
dialog: I made you come.
text: He starts off, but a jubilant Cathy stops him, whispers
text: something. He reacts with excitement.
scene_heading: MOVING WITH CATHY
text: She sees Matt deep in the wings watching the stage. She calls
text: to him with some urgency.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Matt. Matt. Matt.
text: He turns and she beckons him towards her. With some hesitance,
text: he joins her.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I don't want to miss her introduction.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I'll talk fast. It's amazing news.
dialog: Oliver Stone's been looking for a
dialog: comedy and...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: I've got to see my kid.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (her voice breaking)
dialog: ...he's doing my picture.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hey. Good.
text: He starts off.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Part of this involves you. He
dialog: remembers you from 'Platoon' and
dialog: wants to use you in this one.
dialog: (he stops)
dialog: Got your attention, huh?
text: Matt is terminally disappointed in her last cynical sentence.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Oh, Cathy. Look, I'm going to watch
dialog: this. Let me talk to you later or
dialog: tomorrow. Thanks for your help. It's
dialog: good news. Gotta go.
text: From the stage, we HEAR the VOICE of the WARM-UP MAN.
scene_heading: WARM-UP MAN'S VOICE
dialog: First, in her first appearance ever,
dialog: Jeannie Hobbs...
text: There is applause. Matt's missed her intro.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Why couldn't you wait till later?
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (broadly)
dialog: I guess it's because I'm just
dialog: incredibly insensitive to all human
dialog: needs. I'd ask you to save me, but
dialog: I'm so far gone, I wouldn't want you
dialog: to waste your time.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Huh?
text: She reacts, but he walks off, not wanting to get into it.
text: Cathy, however, has had a tricky nerve struck. She continues,
text: biting off each word.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You know, I don't have a kid or a
dialog: mate or a talent.
dialog: (holding up book bag)
dialog: I got this.
dialog: (she's quite upset)
dialog: And shoot me if I think it's
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: MATT'S POV
text: Cathy, who looks alone and adorable as we HEAR MUSIC of "THIS
text: LONELY LIFE OF MINE." He puts a comforting hand on her. She
text: speaks nakedly from deep within herself; her eyes downcast.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You think I'm a superficial jerk.
dialog: (and then a whispered
dialog: afterthought)
dialog: You can't be right.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I think you're the best of the bunch.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (broadly)
dialog: Oh, great.
text: And now she raises her eyes--big, blue and vulnerable. If
dialog: this look were returned, "I love yous" could flow--they could
text: sink to the floor in a joint epiphany; but there is no romance
text: or kindling in Matt's eyes. He is in a hurry. Pridefully,
text: Cathy turns and walks off in the opposite direction, her
text: flight so instinctive, she forgets her book bag. We hold on
dialog: this--her exit, then:
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO FLOOR - BURKE AND MATT - 20 MINUTES LATER
text: Standing just behind the four television cameras, immediately
text: behind them, the "rail" where the Show's Staff and Crew
text: Members and Network Bosses stand crowded, choreographed in
text: the way in which they "clear" for a moving camera. Behind
text: these people is the studio audience. There is a loud laugh.
text: Burke turns around to study the audience.
speaker_heading: BURKE'S POV
text: Happy faces accompanied by the strains of Burke's love song
dialog: to the crowd...
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: What do you think?
text: But Matt doesn't hear him... a few feet away, Jeannie is
text: making ready for her big moment. Three cameras swing in front
text: of them, TV monitors showing a MASTER and CLOSE-UPS of the
text: three characters in the scene: a short comic WHITE MAN, the
text: Black Female Lead, and Jeannie, dressed as a poor child.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (wide-eyed)
dialog: Wait. This is it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - STAGE
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: It's like everyone is pi... ticked
dialog: off at me because I'm not colored.
text: The White Man jumps on the phrase.
scene_heading: SHORT WHITE MAN
dialog: (correcting her
dialog: pompously)
dialog: The word is black.
scene_heading: BLACK LEAD ACTRESS
dialog: (correcting him with
dialog: booming voice)
dialog: The word is African American.
text: A burst of laughter, whooping and applause from the audience.
text: Burke brags in a whisper to Matt.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I had them bring in two busloads of
dialog: people from black churches.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - STAGE
text: As they play out the scene.
scene_heading: BLACK LEAD ACTRESS
dialog: (scolding Jeannie)
dialog: Now you use it in a sentence.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Look at me, I...
speaker_heading: ON JEANNIE
text: And Jeannie begins to falter... she must somehow cry at this
text: moment... She looks outward for help.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE'S POV
text: She looks at the Lead Actress giving Jeannie all she can.
text: BACK TO JEANNIE
text: Jeannie still can't cry. She looks past the cameras.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE'S POV
text: Her father nervously pulling for her.
text: BACK TO JEANNIE
text: That didn't do it either. She looks into herself... she blinks--
text: there are tears running down her cheek.
speaker_heading: WHOLE AUDIENCE
dialog: Awwwww.
speaker_heading: GROUP SHOT
text: Matt, very much as he was when he watched Brando on the
text: plane... and then some. Burke, craning to make sure the
text: network bosses are suitably transported.
text: BACK TO JEANNIE'S SCENE
scene_heading: BLACK LEAD ACTRESS
dialog: Go ahead. Use it in a sentence.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (crying fully)
dialog: Look at me. I love an African
dialog: American.
scene_heading: BLACK LEAD ACTRESS
dialog: Look at me. I love a little redneck.
text: The Black Lead Actress holds out her arms to Jeannie, who,
text: tears streaming down her face, runs towards the arms...
speaker_heading: ON BURKE
text: His lips pursed tightly in pleasure, then agape in shock.
speaker_heading: BURKE'S POV
text: Jeannie has run past the Lead Actress and off the set, going
text: into her father's arms instead. She jumps on him, her legs
text: and arms wrapped around him.
speaker_heading: MATT AND JEANNIE
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (pridefully)
dialog: You little stinker!
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: You big stinker.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: My little stinker.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: My big stinker.
text: The background to this intimacy is enormously alive. The
text: Lead Actress and the Character Actor laughing out loud. In
text: the b.g., we see the audience filling out preview cards as
text: the FLOOR MANAGER leans in to say:
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
dialog: It's okay, Jeannie. Take a minute.
dialog: We just need to get that hug at the
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (to Floor Manager)
dialog: Amazing, right?
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
dialog: (to Jeannie)
dialog: You were great.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Thank you. That's nice.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You look happy.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: I loved it, Daddy.
text: Matt starts to walk her back to the set.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You want me to put you down?
text: Her answer surprises him.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: No. This is okay.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Okay... Now, you're not finished
dialog: until you hug the lady just like you
dialog: did me.
text: He puts her down. She turns from him to go back to work but,
text: on impulse, he restrains her. He is kneeling down, holding
text: her lightly by the arms, her back to him as he states an
dialog: ultimate truth:
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I'm very proud of you. I love you
dialog: more than anybody.
text: Jeannie, shocked by her father's unprecedented sentiment,
text: turns to face him and clamp a hand over his mouth so he will
text: add no more lush and primal affection. Having silenced him
text: though, she finds that she has something of her own to say.
text: She'd never tell it to her father, but she can't resist
text: telling it to her acting coach.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: When I had to cry, I thought of you
text: buried in the ground.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (a beat, then)
dialog: Give me a kiss.
dialog: She does.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The cast of Rainbow House taking off their make-up, changing
dialog: clothes, etc. This is more than high energy and excitement--
dialog: what's the opposite of trauma? All are off the wall with
text: pleasure--the MUSICAL LIFE of the earlier dressing room scene
text: returning--peaks of glee resulting in sung phrases as before.
text: Jeannie enters and is immediately surrounded with love,
dialog: attention and ad-libbed compliments about her work. In this
text: glare of good will, Jeannie turns gloriously shy.
scene_heading: BLACK LEAD ACTRESS
dialog: Do you have any idea how special you
dialog: were?
dialog: (on Jeannie's goony
dialog: reaction)
dialog: That looks like a 'yes.' You've got
dialog: to get dressed for the party.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: There's more?
dialog: (then)
dialog: What will I wear?
scene_heading: BLACK LEAD ACTRESS
dialog: Go to wardrobe; they'll give you
dialog: anything you want.
speaker_heading: ON JEANNIE
text: She moves to her dressing table--sits, looks in the mirror
text: and giggles uncontrollably.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE AREA - NIGHT
text: Matt stands waiting for Jeannie. Nan approaches.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: It didn't sell.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: This show didn't sell?!? How do you
dialog: know so fast?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: It's the first time they had me do
dialog: cards for a pilot and the demographics
dialog: are all wrong for after nine o'clock.
dialog: That's their only opening.
text: Jeannie exits the make-up room aglow. She is wearing an
text: incredibly stylish outfit and her hair is in an expertly
text: done intricate braid.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Hi. I'm Nan. I'm a good friend of
dialog: your Dad's.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: Hello, Nan. I'm Jeannie. Did you see
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: (to Jeannie)
dialog: Yes, and you were wonderful.
dialog: (aside to Matt)
dialog: 89 percent likeability.
dialog: (to Jeannie)
dialog: And knowing that you were that good
dialog: means so much more than the show not
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Oh, no.
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: I couldn't help it.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: What does she mean?
dialog: (to Nan)
dialog: What do you mean?
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: What does she mean?
dialog: (to Nan)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: That they're not going to be doing
dialog: any more of these shows right now--
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (struck)
dialog: Oh, my God.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Honey...
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: And that means they're not going to
dialog: have a party?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: No. They're still having the party.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (totally relieved)
dialog: Oh... really?... good... can we stay
dialog: late?
dialog: To which Matt answers:
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Honey, we're going to close the place.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF GARDEN - NIGHT
text: The door to the roof garden opens and Jeannie enters--her
text: dad behind her as she sees the party... the sparkling lights,
text: the decorations, the other kids and MUSIC... our opening
text: song... "WOW".
speaker_heading: ON JEANNIE
text: As her father urges her into the flow. She passes Millie,
text: who is dancing with the boy who held Jeannie's hand.
speaker_heading: MILLIE
dialog: I cast him so he has to dance with
dialog: me, but I'm sure he'd prefer dancing
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (to Jeannie)
dialog: Come on. You know how?
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (angrily, with disdain)
dialog: Yesssssss.
text: They begin to dance with the others. MUSIC SLOWS IN TEMPO as
text: we indicate TIME PASSAGE and:
text: ANGLE ON BURKE AND MATT
text: Perched on a ledge eyeing the party.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'm not comfortable with television
dialog: anyway... it's too small... I'm much
dialog: better at something with size... I
dialog: don't do itzy. Even this movie of
dialog: Cathy's--it's small... medium small.
dialog: But with Stone it takes on a certain
dialog: volume where I start to feel
dialog: comfortable.
dialog: (out of nowhere)
dialog: I hate my life...
dialog: (backtracking)
dialog: ...in a way. I had a drink in my
dialog: office. I'm confused. You're not
dialog: saying anything. Is it because you're
dialog: not listening or because I haven't
dialog: stopped talking?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: This Oliver Stone thing... does he
dialog: really want me?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Yeah. Oh, yeah. I forgot to say
dialog: congratu...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Which part?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Which one you want?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: One of the two leads wouldn't be
dialog: bad.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: No. It's the crippled factory owner.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Best part in the movie.
text: He gets off the ledge and starts to move away... Burke moves
text: quickly to cut him off.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Wait a second.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I want to see my kid.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: A second--look, they're taking the
text: cast picture now anyway.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: Jeannie, working her way to the absolute middle of the cast
text: picture, where she plops on someone's lap.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: BURKE
text: She doesn't look anything like the
dialog: women I usually go with. And you
dialog: know what they say, "beauty fades."
dialog: What they don't say is that it fades
text: very slowly.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You don't think I can tell you what
dialog: to do?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: No. Only I can do that. I want you
dialog: to tell me what to feel...
dialog: (he begins to use his
dialog: fingers to run down
dialog: Nan's qualities)
dialog: Look. I trust her. More important,
dialog: everyone does. You have no idea how
text: impressed people are with her. She's
dialog: smart. She's interesting. You never
dialog: know what she'll say next... Her
dialog: work is amazing. I like talking to
dialog: her. You have no idea what to expect
dialog: next. I respect what she does more
dialog: than any writer or director--sincerely--
dialog: much more unusual--much more
dialog: important. So?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Good luck.
text: He walks away. Burke waves a grateful goodbye and looks around
text: the room until he sees:
scene_heading: BURKE'S POV - NAN ACROSS THE ROOF
text: Nan eating cake with her hands. She sees him. He indicates
text: he would like to dance. She does not move a muscle in
text: response... Still, he walks towards her. She begins to shake
text: her head, "no." He shifts uncomfortably, but keeps coming
text: until he reaches her side.
scene_heading: ON NAN AND BURKE
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Dance with me.
dialog: (she shakes her head)
dialog: On a business basis.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: No.
dialog: (he turns away,
dialog: dejected)
dialog: But I'll dance with you because I
dialog: think it will reassure me that I
dialog: should have nothing to do with you.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I'll take it.
text: As they dance.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Why are you breathing so heavy?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Nervous... Look, let's move our thing
text: in a more regular direction.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Let me think.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What if we go out this weekend...
dialog: (before she can say
dialog: "no")
dialog: ...with your kid.
text: Several more beats of dancing--as he awaits her answer.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: ...whose name is?
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Whose name is...
dialog: (then, triumphantly)
dialog: Leslie.
speaker_heading: NAN
dialog: Okay.
text: SONG BACK--"WOW"... sung as a chorus... a slower cadence for
text: the romance as we... CHANGE MUSIC and they dance more closely.
text: The song slows for time passage and MUSIC CHANGES to "BE MY
dialog: MIRROR" as we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED POPCORN PICTURES ROOM - ONE HOUR LATER
text: Matt and Jeannie--the last ones there. He holds her in his
text: arms, dancing. She is asleep. He dances her to a chair with
text: her wrap on it... shifts her around, wrestling to get it on.
text: She wakes up and puts it on herself.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (looking around
dialog: satisfied)
dialog: Last ones here.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Well, I told you.
text: He takes her hand and starts to lead her towards the stair
dialog: shed--then:
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I never got to see your bow.
text: She looks up, smiling pridefully, to see her father smiling
text: back pridefully.
speaker_heading: JEANNIE
dialog: (as if it's a great
dialog: sacrifice)
dialog: Oh, all right.
text: She bows. It is a bow all her own.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
