speaker_heading: I SMILE BACK
dialog: Written by
dialog: Paige Dylan and Amy Koppelman
dialog: Based on the novel
dialog: I Smile Back by Amy Koppelman
scene_heading: INT. UNCLE WONG’S CHINESE RESTAURANT - DAY 1
text: LANEY BROOKS (mid-30's) is having a drink at the bar while she
text: fiddles with a pair of chopsticks. She’s pretty, but not in
text: the way that inspires envy; she’s pretty in a way that makes
dialog: you want to be her friend. Two large bags of takeout are on
text: the counter.
text: Laney leans over the bar looking for something but comes up
text: short. She pulls the elastic hair tie out of her pony tail
text: and ties up the chopsticks with a folded piece of paper in
text: the middle. She stands, drains her drink and glances over to
text: a MOM and DAD arguing. Their young SON has a chopstick in
text: each hand. He’s trying to eat his noodles but they keep
text: sliding off the chopsticks. The Mom and Dad don’t seem to
dialog: notice.
text: Laney grabs the takeout bags and starts heading for the door
text: but stops short at the boy’s table. She puts down her bags
text: and we see what she’s been making: a set of trainer
text: chopsticks.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Here you go Buddy.
text: She quickly shows the little boy how to work them. The Mom
text: and Dad stop arguing and look at her. Laney’s friendly.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I still use these.
text: Laney heads to the door. But she doesn’t leave. Instead she
text: waits until the little boy captures a mess of noodles and
text: brings it to his mouth. Success! He looks up, locks eyes
text: with Laney and smiles at her. Laney smiles back, then exits.
scene_heading: EXT. UNCLE WONG’S PARKING LOT - DAY - SAME 2
text: A perfect winter day, not a cloud in the sky. DONNY (mid-
text: 30s), tan and good looking is leaning against his Maserati
text: and smoking a joint. Laney approaches, take-out bags in
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Sorry that took so long. They were
text: swamped.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: No sweat.
text: Laney attempts to put the bags in the back seat but Donny
text: wraps his arm around her waist from behind, spins her around
text: and pins her against the side of the car, kisses her neck.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 2.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Quick: three reasons you love me.
text: Donny takes another hit off the joint and passes it to her.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: One--
text: Laney makes a game show buzzer sound.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: --Too slow.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: --Because you're beautiful.
text: He exhales. She takes a hit off the joint.
speaker_heading: DONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Two- fun.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Really fun.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Three- smart.
text: Laney laughs. Donny reclaims the joint and takes another hit.
text: He leans in for another kiss but she dodges him.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: We've got hungry kids. Come on.
text: Donny takes one last hit before putting the joint out with
text: his shoe.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN ROAD - DAY - SAME 3
text: Tall trees line the road. Stables. Painted fences. Donny
text: turns by the clock tower and then comes to a stop sign on the
text: corner. Laney is sucking on a Red Charms Lollipop. This is
text: something she does throughout the movie.
scene_heading: EXT. LANEY BROOKS’ DRIVEWAY - DAY - SAME 4
text: Donny pulls slightly erratically into the driveway, swerving
text: to avoid hitting a bicycle carelessly left laying on its
text: side. The home is a modest center hall colonial, black
text: shutters, red door.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 3.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’ve told Eli a hundred times not
text: to leave his bike in the middle of
text: the driveway.
text: Donny pushes the gears into neutral, pulls on the emergency
text: break. Laney gets out of the car and grabs a bag of take-out
text: from the back seat. She’s still working on her lollipop.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
text: The kids must be starving.
text: She walks toward the front door, turns around and tosses her
text: hair over her shoulder, tucks a piece behind her ear. She’s
text: undeniably sexy. She motions for Donny to get moving but he
text: doesn’t. Instead he sinks back into his seat, cocks his head
text: to the side lustily and grins at her. Laney walks back to
text: the car, grabs the second bag of take-out.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on Donny. Everyone’s waiting
dialog: for us.
text: He turns off the engine.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do I look high?
text: Laney fumbles around in her purse. She finds the Visine and
text: puts a couple of drops in each eye. She’s a pro.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: You look beautiful.
text: Donny tries to pin Laney against the wall next to the front
text: door to kiss her but she wiggles out of it. Flashes a smile.
text: Tosses what’s left of the lollipop into the bushes.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 5
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY - CONTINUOUS 6
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: We're back! Who’s hungry?
text: Through the french doors we see BRUCE and SUSAN (both mid-
text: 30's). Three kids, ELI (8), JANEY (6) and HENRY (8) are
text: playing happily on the trampoline. Donny starts removing food
text: from the bags. Laney heads outside.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 4.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY - CONTINUOUS 7
text: Bruce and Susan are bundled up and watching the KIDS play.
text: Hearing the door open, Bruce turns around to see Laney. He
text: has a vaguely suspicious look on his face - is that always
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What took you so long?
text: Laney wraps her arms around Bruce’s neck and gives hima
dialog: kiss.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: They forgot the Moo-Shu Pork and I
dialog: know it’s your favorite.
text: She is well versed in identifying a suspicious look. Even
text: more so in knowing how to dismiss it with a kiss.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Food’'s here! Everybody inside!
dialog: Susan, you hungry?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN TABLE - DAY - SAME 8
text: Bruce, Laney, Donny and Susan are sitting around the kitchen
text: table eating. There are open boxes of Chinese food and a few
text: open beer bottles on the table. The KIDS are milling around
text: the kitchen. Eli, in head-to-toe Nike sweats looks like a
text: mini version of his father. He’s dribbling a basketball.
text: Susan passes Donny a manuscript.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Bruce’s book.
text: Donny rests his chopsticks on his plate and takes a look at
dialog: the book.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: “Life Insurance: Hedging Your Bet
dialog: Against God”, by Bruce Brooks!
dialog: That's a great fucking title.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: And he just won a big insurance
dialog: award. Right Bruce?
speaker_heading: BRUCE (TO ELI)
dialog: Not in the house E.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I know.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 5.
text: Eli dribbles it one last time then hugs it with one arm,
text: grabs a plate.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Man Of The Year. Highest producer
dialog: in the company.
text: Bruce’s tone is playful.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: They're honoring me at the annual
dialog: convention. An all expenses paid
dialog: weekend in... Lake George. (a beat)
dialog: In March.
text: Everyone laughs.
scene_heading: DONNY (FOOD IN MOUTH)
dialog: So what’s the book about?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: The way I see it, there’s a bible
dialog: for the afterlife. I wrote the
dialog: bible for the here and now.
text: More laughs.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not kidding. People can say
dialog: what they want about insurance and
dialog: guys like me but you know what? At
dialog: the end of the day, having good
dialog: insurance is the most important
dialog: thing you can do while you’re
dialog: alive. And every time you up it
dialog: you're just hedging your bet
dialog: against God. Am I right?
text: Laney, bored, brings her plate into the kitchen, dumps it,
text: grabs a lollipop.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: (mouthful of food)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Just cleaning up, kids have school
dialog: tomorrow. I have to do laundry,
dialog: make their lunches.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sit back down Laney. Everyone here
text: is enjoying the food.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 6.
speaker_heading: LANEY
text: The ribs are sour.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You don’t eat.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Come on Lane. Sit back down.
text: Bruce’s vaguely suspicious looks returns when Donny calls her
text: “Lane”. Janey enters the kitchen holding BINGO, the cutest
text: little dog in the entire world. Janey is Laney’s clone.
text: Brown hair, chocolate eyes, big smile.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Daddy, Bingo was crying.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Janey where did you get that dog?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: We rescued him from the pound!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Janey, Bingo was supposed to be a
dialog: surprise for Mommy.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: But he was crying. I think he needs
dialog: you Mommy.
text: Janey passes Bingo into Laney’s arms.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Bruce, I thought we talked about
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Janey, go tell everyone to come see
dialog: Bingo.
text: Janey hesitates, then runs out of the room. Bruce turns to
dialog: Laney.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: No YOU talked about this. WE didn’t
dialog: talk about anything. Come on Lane-
dialog: this dog is gonna make you happy.
dialog: Let's just give it a try. Can you
dialog: just trust me on this?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Fuck you Bruce.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: 9A
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 7.
text: She shoves the dog into Bruce’s arms and exits leaving Bruce,
text: Donny and Susan in an awkward silence.
scene_heading: INT. LANEY'S BATHROOM - NIGHT - SAME 9
text: A naked Laney is examining herself in the bathroom mirror.
text: She traces her left breast with her finger. Up and around,
text: down. She stops, glances at herself and then lifts her right
text: breast. Up and around, down.
text: She moves closer, and begins inspecting her face. The
text: wrinkles by her eyes. The smile lines around her mouth.
text: Next to her a jar of rubbing alcohol rests on a lavender hand
text: towel. She opens the jar, dips the tweezers into the liquid
text: and then removes it.
text: She locates a hair hiding in the crease of her upper thigh
text: and pushes her thumbs together to loosen it. She takes the
text: tweezers, turns the sharp point in the direction of her skin
text: and digs. She wipes the hair onto the hand towel and
text: continues. Her movements are slow and deliberate. The
text: outcome seems to satisfy her.
text: Laney walks over to the sink. She rummages through the
text: cabinet beneath it, takes out a box of Tampax. Laney grabs a
text: small white envelope from inside. This is obviously where she
text: keeps her stash. She empties the contents onto the back of
text: her iPhone but not before glancing at a picture of her kids.
text: She sniffs a line, throws her head back and breathes deep.
text: Laney snorts the remaining line. She turns on the bath water,
text: tests it with her toes. Then she walks over to the window.
scene_heading: EXT. BASKETBALL HOOP - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 10
text: Bruce is playing basketball in the driveway. Sweat drips down
text: his cheek, beads up on his forehead. He’s got some nice moves
text: - no stranger to a good pickup game in the park. Eli and
text: Janey are also on the court. Bruce teaches Eli how to shoot
text: free throws. Janey is riding a pink bicycle with training
dialog: wheels.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 9A
text: Laney steps into the tub. She sinks into the water and
dialog: disappears.
dialog: 11
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 8.
scene_heading: INT. ELI’'S ROOM - NIGHT - SAME 11
text: Eli gets into bed. His movements are slow. Deliberate. Once
text: in bed he focuses on the Styrofoam solar system that hangs on
text: the ceiling above him. Laney knocks. She cracks the door
text: open. She’s in her robe and holding Bingo.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Hey-
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Hey-
text: She puts Bingo on his bed.
speaker_heading: ELI (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Bingo.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Sleepy?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Not really.
text: Eli is focused on his ceiling. Laney lays down next to him.
text: Bingo is between them. Laney’s sniffling, fidgety.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Whatchya thinkin’ about?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Why do you hate Bingo?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: I don’t hate Bingo.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Can we keep him then?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don’t know E. It’s just, you
dialog: know. It’s one more thing to worry
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Do you worry about me?
text: Laney is too amped up to finish the conversation and misses
dialog: Eli’s ultimate question.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Okay, time to close your eyes.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 9.
text: She gives Eli a kiss on his forehead, grabs Bingo and heads
text: to the door.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me when to stop...
text: She slowly closes the door.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: A little more..
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Are we going to keep Bingo, Mom?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Maybe.
text: She closes the door a little bit more.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Maybe yes or maybe no?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Maybe as in it’s time to go to
dialog: sleep.
text: Laney closes the door a tiny bit more. Bingo is licking her
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: So that means yes right? We are
dialog: going to keep Bingo?
text: The smile on Eli’s face is hard to resist.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: It’s a definite maybe.
scene_heading: 12 INT. MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 12
text: Laney opens her eyes, lifts her head lazily and glances at
text: Bruce's empty side of the bed and the clock on his night
text: stand. 6:55am.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 10.
text: Head back on the pillow, she stretches and enjoys her last
text: moments in the warm womb of her blankets. The bathroom door
text: opens.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Thought I was gonna have to wake
dialog: you up.
text: He adjusts his tie and collar, grabs his jacket.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don't want to get up. Get back in
dialog: bed with me.
text: Laney pats the pillow and smiles. Bruce gives her a kiss on
text: the forehead.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I wish.
text: Bruce leaves, Laney rolls over and glances at the framed
text: family picture on her night stand. Bruce with a younger Eli
text: on his shoulders, his arm around Laney who's holding an
text: infant Janey in her arms.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BATHROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS 13
text: Laney is brushing her teeth. She looks up at her reflection,
text: then opens the medicine cabinet and takes out a prescription
text: bottle. As she spits out the toothpaste, she hears Bruce's
text: car pull out of the driveway. She looks at the prescription
text: and then returns it to the shelf.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - DAY 14
text: Laney pulls into the school parking lot and is immediately
text: met by a school GUARD who is directing traffic.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Only school buses allowed in here
dialog: lady.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Since when?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You must not read your emails.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: Ma...
speaker_heading: 14A
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 11.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Don’t worry E.
dialog: (To guard, flirting)
dialog: Is Frank here? He always lets me
dialog: double park.
dialog: The guard has already heard this 10 times this morning, but
text: Laney’s charm seems to be working.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: If I could do it for anyone I'd do
dialog: it for you but the Board of Ed has
dialog: new security procedures. Recent
dialog: tragedies and all.
text: He hands her a sheet of paper titled “Ridgemont Elementary
text: School's New Security Policy”. In smaller font it says, “In
dialog: light of recent events...”
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What’s it say Mom?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Says we have to park.
text: Laney pulls her SUV back out into the sea of anonymous SUVs.
text: She's just another broad in suburbia.
scene_heading: INT: BACKSEAT OF SUV-CONTINUOUS 14A
text: Eli and Janey are buckled in. They have their personalized
text: paper lunch bags on their laps. Eli’s has basketballs all
text: over it, Janey’s hearts and stars.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - DAY - SAME 15
text: Laney, Eli and Janey run toward the school building. They
text: don’t want to be late. Eli’s backpack is twice his size.
text: Janey’s is pink with a princess on it.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL OFFICE -DAY - CONTINUOUS 16
text: Laney, Eli and Janey are waiting in a shallow line in the
text: office. Laney spots Susan and her son HENRY. Susan is proudly
text: wearing an official looking laminate around her neck.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Hey Susan. What’s this?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It’s the parent ID.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014)
dialog: 12.
text: Laney doesn’t register what Susan is talking about, Susan
dialog: sees this.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They sent them in the mail? Part of
dialog: this whole new security thing.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I, uh...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don’t worry, I’ll vouch for you.
text: Laney fidgets, looks around, everyone is wearing a badge
text: around their neck. Everyone but Laney. This appears to
text: bother her much more than it should. She steps to the front
text: of the line where she is met by MRS. KOSINSKI (late 50’s) the
dialog: school principal.
scene_heading: MRS. KOSINSKI
dialog: ID?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I forgot it today, busy morning.
dialog: I'll bring it tomorrow.
scene_heading: MRS. KOSINSKI
dialog: Parent IDs are mandatory now. We
dialog: mailed them out last week. And
dialog: sent an email.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I‘’1l vouch for her.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Ma?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: It’s okay E, just a sec.
dialog: (to Mrs. Kosinski)
dialog: I've been walking them to class
dialog: every morning for two years. Can't
dialog: you make an exception?
scene_heading: MRS. KOSINSKI
dialog: If I make an exception for you Mrs.
dialog: Brooks, then I have to make one for
dialog: everyone. Is that how you want to
dialog: teach our children?
text: Laney looks at her, stunned.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 13.
speaker_heading: MRS. KOSINSKI (CONT'D)
dialog: I wouldn't think so. At this point
dialog: in the year Eli’s quite familiar
dialog: with how to get to his class.
dialog: He’ll be fine. And I’1l personally
text: escort Miss Janey to her classroom.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I’m okay Mom.
text: Laney feels nothing but shame. She is inferior.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Me too, Mommy.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You sure?
text: Janey nods her head yes - she is eager to get going.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: I’m sure.
text: Mrs. Kosinski reaches out her hand, Janey takes it.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Wait, honey.
text: Laney kneels down.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Give me a kiss.
text: Janey gives Laney a kiss and goes.
text: It’s not as easy for Eli. He takes a deep breath, hoists his
text: backpack a little higher and begins the harrowing journey
text: down the crowded hall. Just outside the classroom he stops,
text: turns to look at Laney. Laney is fighting back tears. She
text: blows Eli a kiss. He catches it, puts it into his pocket and
text: disappears into the classroom.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 17
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - DAY - SAME 18
text: An angry Laney heads to her car parked on the outskirts of
text: the school lot. Laney walks quickly while rifling through her
text: purse. She pulls out a cigarette just as she reaches her car.
text: She gets in and slams the door.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 14.
text: Laney fumbles through her purse for a lighter, assesses the
text: parking lot, looks in her rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Fucking bitch.
text: She lights it in spite of her shaking hands.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: “Is that how you want to teach our
dialog: children?...”
text: She reaches for the secret vial in her purse, unscrews the
text: lid, takes a deep breath, helps herself to a quick bump. She
text: looks around again, another bump. Laney takes a drag off her
text: cigarette as if it were her last and leans her head back on
text: the seat. A deep breath. And then, Bing! She picks up her
text: phone to read the text.
speaker_heading: TEXT: DONNY
dialog: Room 302
text: She turns on the engine and goes.
scene_heading: EXT. LANEY’S CAR - DAY 19
text: Laney’s car headed towards a toll booth, pull back to reveal
text: New York City not too far in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. REGENCY HOTEL ROOM - DAY 20
text: Laney is on her knees on the bed, ass in the air, holding
text: onto the top of the headboard. Laney and Donny are, how do
dialog: you say... fucking each other’s brains out. But in Laney’s
text: eyes is a look of detachment. She is somewhere else.
text: Laney and Donny lay in bed. She’s sucking on a lollipop.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I gotta take a shower.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: It’s still early. Stay with me.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Can't, gotta pick up the kids.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: I love you.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 15.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: No you don’t.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Because you’re married. And because
dialog: no man can love a girl whose ass he
dialog: just fucked.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Christ Laney. You’re crazy, you
dialog: know that? I told you I’1l leave
dialog: Susan. I love you.
text: Laney laughs.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: That’s the funny thing... It
dialog: doesn’t matter.
text: Laney gets out of bed and is pulling on her panties.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I could love you and you could love
dialog: me, and nothing. It still means
dialog: nothing. Nine years of marriage,
text: two kids, three thousand marinated
dialog: chicken breasts - and nothing. And
dialog: then you die.
text: Donny pulls a pillow over his head, rolls over.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Go take your shower.
text: 20 MINUTES LATER: Laney, freshly showered, walks out of the
text: bathroom. She glances at Donny... out like a light. She takes
text: the cash out of his wallet and the last of the cocaine
text: sitting next to it. She grabs her things and leaves, the self-
text: closing door slams behind her.
text: The door wakes Donny. He looks up, looks around, no trace of
text: Laney. He stretches, sits up, puts on his underwear, walks
text: into the bathroom.
text: Donny is standing in the doorway looking at the bathroom
text: mirror. In red lipstick he reads: “DON’T LEAVE SUSAN”.
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: 21A
dialog: 22
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 16.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY - SAME 21
text: Laney is speeding down the turnpike. She’s amped up and
text: emotional, seemingly reckless. She mistakenly passes her
dialog: exit.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Fuck.
text: She is angrier than she should be, she’s in a spiral. She
text: turns off at the next exit. The Fed-Ex truck she's been
text: stuck behind turns left. The traffic light at the
text: intersection up ahead is changing from green to yellow to -
text: Laney closes her eyes, presses her foot deeper into the gas,
text: hands up, letting go. She drives straight through the red.
text: Cars screech to a halt, one swerves into another lane to
text: avoid her. Horns are honking. She miraculously arrives
text: across the street unharmed. A couple of cars pass. Honk. One
text: person curses her. More honks.
text: Laney pulls to the side of the street and puts her car in
text: park, takes a deep breath, exhales. She is visibly rattled.
text: She pulls the last smoke out of her pack and lights it with
text: shaky hands. Tears trickle down the sides of her face as
text: turns up the radio, puts her car in drive and goes.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. LANEY IN CAR - SAME 21A
text: Laney drives slowly. She is clearly shaken.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - SAME 22
text: Laney’s black SUV pulls into the driveway of the school, same
text: guard is standing there with a clipboard. He stops her.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’m just picking up my son, I‘1l
dialog: only be a minute.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You can’t park here ma’am, we've
dialog: already been through this haven't
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I was hoping you wouldn’t remember.
text: The Guard looks her over.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: No, I remember.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 17.
text: Susan walks by Laney’s car holding Henry’s hand, she’s
text: noticeably upset.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hey Laney.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Hey Susan, you okay? Did Henry have
dialog: a bad day?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No, I can’t find Donny. His cell’s
dialog: been off all day - hasn’t been to
dialog: the office.
speaker_heading: LANEY
text: He’s probably in a meeting or
dialog: something --
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Lady, you gotta move it.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: (stalling)
dialog: I’m going --
text: Laney’s cell phone rings. It’s Donny. She tosses her phone
text: into her purse.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sure Donny is fine. I’1l call
dialog: you later.
dialog: (to guard)
dialog: There’s my son--
text: Laney sees the kids filing out of the school into the front
text: entrance. Eli, holding Janey’s hand, sees her and waves.
text: Laney motions for him to walk to the car.
text: Eli gets into the car, quiet. Janey is eager to talk. Laney
text: is momentarily distracted by her conversation with Susan.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: How was school, guys?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Fun!
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: E?
text: Eli looks out the window, no response. Laney makes her way
text: through the sea of SUV’s and out of the driveway.
dialog: 23
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 18.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: How'd it go E?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Fine.
text: The cell phone rings. It’s Donny again. Laney doesn’t
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Your phone is ringing, Mommy.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I know, honey.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKS HOUSE- DRIVEWAY - DAY 23
text: Laney turns into her driveway she gets out of the car and
text: opens the door. Eli unbuckles and hurries past. Laney scoops
text: Janey up into her arms. She carries her to the front door.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Did you miss me today?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Did you cry?
text: Janey nods her head and is rewarded with a boost in the air.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: How much do you love me?
text: Janey opens her arms as wide as she can to demonstrate her
dialog: love.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me you’1l never leave me.
text: This scene looks all in good fun but it’s thinly veiled
text: twisted behavior by Laney.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: Mommy! Stop!
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I'm just teasing Muffin. Kiss me.
dialog: 24
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 19.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKS DINING ROOM - NIGHT 24
text: The whole family sits around the dinner table. They have
text: typical fare on their plates; spaghetti, peas, breaded
text: chicken - nothing Laney went out of her way to cook, but
text: homemade nevertheless. Laney’s plate is empty. She sucks on a
text: lollipop and sips a glass of wine.
text: Bruce observes her behavior for a moment.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Why aren’t you eating?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Not hungry.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You need to eat more food. Real
dialog: food. Not lollipops.
text: Laney gets up from the table and walks toward the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Jesus, what are you the food
dialog: police?
scene_heading: INT: KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Laney opens the refrigerator- blocking her view of the table.
text: She downs her glass of wine behind the door.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (0.S.)
dialog: All that sugar isn’t good for you.
text: Laney sets her empty glass on the top shelf, uncorks a bottle
text: of wine and refills her glass.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Empty calories. Right guys? Not
dialog: energy food.
text: Laney returns to the table with butter and sits. She grabs a
text: piece of corn on the cob, wipes it with butter and puts it in
text: her mouth. They all watch her and smile- like this is the
text: first time they've ever seen her eat. She smiles back.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Did you know the Pilgrims stole
dialog: America from the Native Americans?
dialog: They had the Native Americans teach
dialog: them how to grow corn and stuff and
dialog: then they stole their land.
speaker_heading: 24A
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 20.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yeah, so we gave them casinos.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Mrs. Zeldis told you that?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No, John Frye did. His mom told
dialog: him. She also said Thanksgiving is
dialog: a lie.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: (under her breath)
text: John Frye’s mom is a pig.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Lane...
text: The table goes quiet again, kids look back down at their
dialog: plates.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: You want to shoot hoops?
text: Eli looks out the window.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Really!?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: We still have a little light.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Me too.
text: Everyone gets a kick out of Janey’s zeal.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay.
text: Bruce and the kids leave the table. Laney begins clearing
dialog: the plates.
text: LANEY’S POV: Through the window she can see them in the 24A
text: driveway. Bruce loosens his tie. Eli dribbles the ball, aims
text: for the basket, nearly makes it. Bruce kneels, positions Eli:
text: plants Eli's feet, adjusts his arms. Eli shoots and MAKES IT!
text: Janey runs after the ball and brings it to Bruce. He lifts
text: her up so she’s able to dunk the ball. Through the kitchen
text: window we see Laney taking it all in. She puts her face in
dialog: her hands, it’s all too much.
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 21.
scene_heading: INT. ELI’S BATHROOM - NIGHT - SAME 25
text: Laney passes Eli the soap.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Did you practice piano today?
text: The bathroom door is open to Eli’s room. He cranes his neck
text: to try to see the game that’s on the TV. He tunes Laney out
dialog: completely.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: E? Your recital is coming up. Did
dialog: you practice?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: How long?
text: Eli hurries with the soap. He signals that he’s done and
text: Laney holds a towel open. When Eli gets out of the tub she
text: wraps her arms tightly around him.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Mom? I can’t breathe.
text: Laney is still holding tight, too tight. Eli manages to break
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. ELI’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 26
text: Eli has positioned himself in front of the television. Laney
text: stands at the edge of his doorway, takes in his broadening
text: frame. His shoulders, his back. There is a portable
text: keyboard against the window, a basketball hoop on the door
text: and a Jeter fathead on the wall. Laney nods, acknowledging
dialog: Jeter.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Hey--
text: Eli glances at his mother.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Put on your T-shirt.
text: Laney tosses him the T-shirt. Eli throws it over his head.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And dry your balls.
dialog: 27
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014)
text: He turns and looks at her like she’s crazy.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You'll get a rash.
text: Eli rolls his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT - SAME
dialog: 22.
dialog: 27
text: Bruce, just out of the shower, has a towel wrapped around his
text: waste. He’s clipping his toenails into a trash can. Laney
text: watches him from the bedroom door.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What’s up?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I was just thinking...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: About?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: About your balls.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: About your balls. Do you worry
dialog: about drying your balls?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Do I worry?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Yeah, like when you were a little
dialog: boy, did your mother teach you to
dialog: dry your balls or did you like...
dialog: just know how to do it
dialog: instinctively? Should I teach Eli
dialog: or -
text: Bruce examines his Q-tip, puts it in the other ear,
text: with his toenails.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You dry them like any other part of
dialog: your body.
dialog: continues
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 23.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But what happens if you don’t dry
dialog: them? Do you get a rash?
text: Bruce stops what he’s doing and looks at her- this
text: conversation is starting to get his attention.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I guess you could-- but whatever
dialog: you don’t get will just dry in your
dialog: underwear. What’s going on Laney?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Your underwear! Why didn’t I think
dialog: of that?
text: Bruce leaves his grooming duties, picks Laney up and deposits
text: her on the bed.
scene_heading: INT: MASTER BEDROOM — CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: All this talk about balls...
text: Bruce starts kissing Laney’s neck, unbuttoning her blouse.
text: She unfastens his belt buckle, giggles, but it’s clear she’s
text: going through the motions. Laney disassociates when she’s
dialog: having sex.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Uhh...
text: He’s kissing her, getting close...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re so beautiful Lane... Uhh...
text: Bruce finishes and collapses on top of her. A pause.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I think my dad dried and powdered.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Christ Laney, can we change the
dialog: subject?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: We gotta get rid of Bingo.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 24.
text: Bruce doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Bruce, I’m serious we can’t keep
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It’s just a puppy Laney. All kids
dialog: get a puppy. Why can’t our kids
dialog: have a God damn puppy? Why does it
dialog: have to be such a big deal? Why
dialog: does everything have to be such a
dialog: big deal.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Because puppies turn into dogs and
dialog: dogs get old and die. What’s a dog
dialog: live, ten years?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yes. Ten enjoyable fucking years
dialog: that the kids can grow up with a
dialog: dog. Only you could manage to turn
text: getting a puppy into a negative.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’m trying to spare them a
dialog: negative, don’t you understand? The
dialog: dog will die and they will be
dialog: heartbroken!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That's life Laney. That’s how it
text: works. Puppies die and Bingo will
dialog: die too. The kids will handle it.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: But I can’t handle it.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Then why bother loving anything?
dialog: Why bother loving me?
text: Laney doesn’t respond. Bruce softens. He sits down on the
text: bed, puts his arm around her.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I just don’t understand why anyone
dialog: bothers to love anything at all. I
dialog: mean by the time you’re three
dialog: you've pretty much figured out that
dialog: everything you love is going to be
dialog: taken away. Every three year old
dialog: should run into traffic.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Come on, Lane. You don’t mean
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I do mean it. Might as well cut
dialog: their losses.
text: Bruce hugs her for a moment trying his best to comfort her,
text: then tries to lighten the mood.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That could be a new market for
dialog: me.... Insurance for three year
dialog: olds.
text: Laney pulls away.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Bruce I’m serious!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: So what do you suggest?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: To not fall in love. To not get
dialog: married and have kids. To not
dialog: pretend that it’s all going to be
dialog: okay when nothing is going to be
dialog: okay.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, thankfully most of us like to
dialog: fool ourselves.
text: Bruce quietly observes her for a moment, narrows his eyes
text: slightly while something occurs to him. He treads lightly,
text: masking the real question with concern.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Yeah. Of course I’m okay. Why
dialog: wouldn’t I be okay.
text: Bruce brushes his fingers through her hair.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I just worry about you that’s all.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I'm fine. I’m going to check on the
dialog: kids.
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 26.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 28
text: Laney picks a few action figures up off the floor. She
text: gently opens the door to Eli’s room. He’s tossing and
dialog: turning.
scene_heading: INT. ELI’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 29
text: Laney jostles Eli.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: E, wake up. You’re having a
dialog: nightmare.
text: Eli opens his eyes, tears streaming down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s the matter E? Another bad
dialog: dream?
text: Laney instinctively puts her hand on his forehead to check
dialog: for a fever.
speaker_heading: ELI
text: We were walking down the street to
dialog: go see dad and you were wearing
dialog: headphones -
text: Eli is still crying, little boy fresh out of a nightmare.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Take a deep breath, it’s okay...
dialog: tell me...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I was trying to warn you but you
dialog: wouldn’t listen to me- you couldn't
dialog: hear me because you were listening
dialog: to your headphones.
text: Laney brings a tissue to his nose.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Blow -
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I tried so hard -
text: Eli blows his nose.
speaker_heading: ELI (CONT'D)
dialog: I was yelling and you didn’t hear
dialog: me and there were all these cars.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 30
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 27.
speaker_heading: ELI (CONT'D)
dialog: And then I got trapped and I
dialog: couldn’t grab you and then the car
dialog: just hit you - and you were dead.
text: Laney holds him tight.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: That will never happen Eli.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Because I don’t have an iPod.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: It’s not funny mom!
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: It can’t happen because I won’t let
dialog: it happen.
text: Laney tucks Eli back in bed. She begins rubbing his head.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Go to sleep. Mommy’s here.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT - SAME 30
text: Laney lets Bingo out of the crate. She opens a cabinet and
text: takes out two brown lunch bags and a box of crayons. She
text: takes a loaf of bread and two small bags of organic chips
text: from a drawer. She’s about to make the kids’ their school
text: lunches but changes her mind. She opens another cabinet,
text: takes out a secret bottle of vodka and pours herself a nice
text: tall glass. She goes over to the phone, flips through the
text: school directory, searches for a name, picks up the phone and
text: dials. She looks down the hall to make sure nobody can hear
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Is this Diane?
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m so sorry I know it’s late. This
dialog: is Laney Brooks, I’m Eli’s mom.
dialog: (pause) I’m fine. Actually no, I’m
dialog: not fine. I’m calling because Eli
dialog: came home today with a bunch of
dialog: stories about how the Pilgrims were
dialog: thieves and Thanksgiving is a lie.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 28.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: He said that John told him. It’s
dialog: none of my business what you teach
dialog: your kids but I was really hoping
dialog: that you could - (pause) Sure I
dialog: understand that but um, well I’m
dialog: trying to teach my son to be
dialog: grateful for what he has which is
dialog: hard and Thanksgiving is - (pause)
dialog: but that’s a really important -
dialog: (pause) but that’s your opinion -
dialog: (pause) Look - I’m not calling to
dialog: have some kind of debate with you I
dialog: just want to - (pause)
text: Laney is fuming mad.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I have a great idea- why don’t you
dialog: leave the teaching to the teachers-
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: That's fine, and you can go fuck
dialog: yourself. And tell your little brat
dialog: to stay the fuck away from my kid.
text: Laney slams down the phone, searches through her bag and
text: locates her coke stash. She taps some coke onto the table,
text: rolls up a 20 dollar bill, snorts a line. She sits down at
text: the kitchen table and begins to flip through a magazine. She
text: gulps some vodka. She flips through the magazine again,
text: another gulp of vodka. Laney is clearly trying to drown out
text: the demons - fast. She gets up, leaves the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 31
text: Laney makes her way down the hallway. She’s not in great
text: shape. She grabs onto a wall and steadies herself.
text: Continues. She opens Eli’s door, enters.
scene_heading: INT. ELI’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 32
text: Laney sits at the foot of his bed and watches him sleep for a
text: moment. She gets up, walks to...
scene_heading: INT. JANEY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 33
text: Laney peeks her head in, the little girl is fast asleep.
text: Laney eyes her childhood teddy bear sitting on the shelf near
text: Janey’s bed - battered, one eye missing. She takes it from
text: the shelf, lies down on the floor.
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 29,
text: Face to face with the bear, Laney kisses it. She looks at it
text: again before she places it between her legs, eases onto it,
text: her crotch against the bear’s nose. She focuses on the family
text: picture next to Janey’s bed. She starts rocking back and
text: forth, eyes closed. This is a disturbing scene although Laney
text: masturbating is actually less troubling than her desperation
dialog: for connection.
text: The quivering stops, Laney pulls the bear from under her,
text: rolls onto her back. Glow-in-the-dark plastic stars glitter
text: on the ceiling. A combination of emotion and drugs overtakes
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY LEADING TO MASTER BEDROOM — CONTINUOUS 34
text: Laney moves slowly down the hall into her bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 35
text: Bruce is fast asleep. Laney’s trying to make her way to his
text: side of the bed. She feels for him in the dark but she's too
text: disoriented.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Bruce.
text: She stumbles into the night stand and sits on the floor at
text: the edge of the bed. She pulls on the bedspread.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Help.
text: Bruce doesn’t hear her. She pulls on the bedspread and says
text: it again. A bit louder this time.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Help.
text: Bruce sits up, flips on the light, adjusts his eyes, looks
text: for Laney. The camera freezes on Laney’s face. Her hair is a
text: mess. Mascara runs down her cheeks. She looks like a
text: junkie. She is a junkie.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (0.S.)
dialog: Jesus Laney!
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL ROAD - DAY 36
text: A newer model sedan makes it’s way down a rural road.
dialog: 37
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 30.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. GAS STATION - DAY - CONTINUOUS 37
text: Laney sucks on a lollipop and stares out the window as Bruce
text: finishes pumping gas. Silence, until...Bruce enters the car.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: When did you start hating me Lane?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don’t hate you Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Then why did you stop taking the
dialog: meds?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: They make me fat.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Fat?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Yeah. I was gaining weight.
text: Bruce’s anger rises.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That’s bullshit.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I was.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: So you'd rather be insane?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: That’s a little melodramatic don’t
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I think it’s pretty accurate.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Not whatever. We’ve been through
dialog: this. You have an illness. It’s
dialog: your responsibility to take your
dialog: meds and keep your head on
dialog: straight. If not for me then for
dialog: the kids.
text: A beat.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 31.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you not understand that
dialog: everything I do is for you and the
dialog: kids. All I want is for you to be
dialog: happy like you used to be. Don’t
dialog: you want to be happy?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Happy like when? Happy like I was
dialog: in college?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I was stoned every second of every
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What kind of bullshit answer is
dialog: that? I used to get stoned too but
dialog: then I grew up.
text: Laney looks out the window.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I know. Man of the Year. Highest
dialog: producer in company.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I‘1l1 tell you what’s wrong with you
dialog: Laney, you're a spoiled fucking
dialog: cunt. That’s what's wrong with you.
text: Laney smiles - if only to the glass on the window. He finally
dialog: gets it.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: That’s true Bruce. That’s what I’m
dialog: gonna work on while I’m gone. If I
dialog: de-cunt myself will you let me come
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I see what you’re trying to do.
dialog: You're trying to make me look like
dialog: the asshole. Like I’m kicking you
text: out of the house instead of trying
dialog: to get you help.
text: Bruce calms himself down.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 32.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: And you know that’s not true. But
dialog: for some reason, for some fucked-up
dialog: reason, no matter how many times
dialog: you disappoint me I still love you.
text: After a few moments of silence...
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: And I’m the crazy one?!
text: Bruce looks at her, incredulous, but they can’t help but
dialog: laugh. It’s a nice moment.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE HILL HOSPITAL - DAY - SAME 38
text: Bruce’s car pulls into the circular drive of BLUE HILL
text: HOSPITAL. Front and center is a sign that says “BLUE HILL
dialog: HOSPITAL Managing Mental Health Since 1954”. A no nonsense
text: NURSE PAULINE (early 50's) is waiting for Laney by the
text: hospital entrance. It suddenly dawns on Laney that she’s
text: entering rehab. Bruce pulls up to the sign that says “new
text: patients”. Laney looks at the hospital, at Pauline and
text: finally at Bruce.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don’t think I can do this.
text: Bruce has tears in his eyes. This is very hard for him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Just a month Lane. You’1l be home
dialog: before you know it.
text: Pauline opens the car door.
speaker_heading: PAULINE
dialog: You must be Laney.
text: Laney hesitates. She looks one last time at Bruce. He is
dialog: resolute.
text: Pauline helps Laney out of the car and escorts her into the
text: building. Bruce, head in hands, gathers himself, turns on
text: the engine and drives away.
scene_heading: INT. DETOX - DAY - SAME 39
text: The detox room has nothing in it but a bed. The nurse
text: gestures towards Laney’s bag.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 33.
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE
dialog: Empty your bag please.
text: Nurse Pauline isn’t mean, in fact she’s pleasant. Laney dumps
text: her belongings onto the mattress. Clothes and personal
text: items, red lollipops scattered among it all. Nurse Pauline
text: takes her make-up bag, her phone, her blow dryer, two belts,
text: she inspects a winter scarf before she takes it, takes her
text: shoelaces out of her sneakers. She opens a pocket inside
text: Laney’s bag and pulls out two bottles of prescriptions and a
text: pack of cigarettes. She tosses the cigarettes back down on
dialog: the bed.
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE (CONT'D)
dialog: You can keep these, you’ll get the
dialog: rest back when you leave.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: But I need my medication.
text: Nurse Pauline checks Laney’s prescription.
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE
dialog: The Ambien has to go. And the
dialog: Xanax. Sorry, Honey. For now you
dialog: just get to sit back and enjoy the
dialog: ride.
text: Nurse Pauline turns Laney’s bag inside and out to make sure
text: she doesn’t miss any secret hiding spots.
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’1l need your bra too Honey.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Jesus
text: The nurse puts Laney’s bag on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE
dialog: Another nurse will be in soon to
dialog: take your blood and your vitals.
dialog: You can spend as much time as you
dialog: like in here or you can go to the
text: lounge, there’s coffee, tea and TV.
dialog: I suggest you try to sleep and
dialog: drink as much water as you can.
dialog: We'll check on you through the
dialog: night just to make sure
dialog: everything’s okay. Any questions?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: When can I call my husband?
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 34.
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE
dialog: We'll give him regular updates.
text: The nurse gives her a sympathetic look. She’s done this a
dialog: million times but it’s never easy, she knows the pain that’s
text: about to follow.
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE (CONT'D)
dialog: You'll do great. I’1l check on you
dialog: later.
scene_heading: INT. BLUE HILL - LANEY’S ROOM - DAY 40
text: A series of shots of Laney in her room, laying on her bed,
text: rolling over, sweating, itching. She ventures into the
dialog: lounge.
scene_heading: INT. BLUE HILL LOUNGE - CONTINUOUS 41
text: Laney tries to watch TV, takes in her surroundings. A HEAVY
text: SET MAN on a nearby vinyl couch is watching TV with no
text: emotion. A YOUNG WOMAN flips through a magazine though she
text: doesn’t seem to really pay attention to its contents. Laney
text: eyes both of them, back and forth, paying close attention to
text: their disconnection and lifelessness. Laney doesn’t belong
text: here, or does she? She paces, looks out the window,
text: vacillates between frantic and resigned. She makes a run for
dialog: the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BLUE HILL - HALLWAY BATHROOM — CONTINUOUS 42
text: She leans over the toilet, dry heaves, splashes water on her
dialog: face.
scene_heading: INT. BLUE HILL LOUNGE - DAY - SAME 43
text: Back in the lounge she spots Nurse Pauline. Laney rushes
text: over to her in a panic.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I really need to call my husband.
dialog: This is a mistake, this isn’t the
dialog: kind of place I should be in.
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE
dialog: Your doctor will help you with that
dialog: when you see him hon.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 35.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Then I want to see him now! I need
dialog: to see the doctor!
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE
dialog: The first 48 hours are the worst.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: This is a fucking hospital, is it
dialog: not? Why can’t I see the fucking
dialog: doctor?
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE
dialog: Take it easy. Why don’t you go back
dialog: to your room and get some rest.
dialog: This is the hard part hon. You’1l
dialog: feel better soon.
text: Laney is shaking, fidgeting, pissed off, sweating. She takes
text: a deep breath, the nurse puts her arm around Laney’s shoulder
text: to escort her back to her room. Laney throws her arm off.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Don’t fucking touch me.
text: Nurse Pauline isn’t phased.
speaker_heading: NURSE PAULINE
dialog: Okay, hon.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY - SAME 44
text: Laney walks into the bathroom, turns on the shower and washes
text: her hair. She takes a deep breath. Instead of giving in to
text: the tears, Laney takes the bar of soap in her hand and begins
text: angrily stabbing at the wall with it. This is her release.
text: She gets out of the shower, wraps herself in a towel and
text: walks over to the sink. She stares at herself in the mirror,
text: a pause, she looks away.
scene_heading: INT. DR. PAGE’S OFFICE - DAY - SAME 45
text: A psychiatrist’s office. DR. PAGE (mid-50s) is sitting behind
text: a formidable wooden desk. Laney is facing him. Legs crossed.
text: Hands folded.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: Since you aren’t talking I'll
dialog: assume this is accurate unless I
dialog: hear otherwise.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 36.
text: He glances at a piece of paper on his desk.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Your blood work shows that you had
text: cocaine, amphetamine, Ambien and
dialog: marijuana in your system. But no
dialog: trace of Lithium. I assume you
dialog: stopped taking it. Do you want to
dialog: tell me why you stopped taking it?
text: Laney doesn’t respond. Dr. Page has reached the height of his
text: patience with Laney’s silence though he remains calm.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nurse Pauline told me that you’re
dialog: desperate to go home. That you
dialog: don’t think you belong here.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don’t.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: Then why are you staying?
text: Laney looks at him with total surprise.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're an adult. You don’t have to
dialog: be here. Go home.
text: He picks up the phone and hands her the receiver.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I have a family.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: So-- so I can’t just go home and do
dialog: this all over again.
text: He hangs up the phone. Somehow he’s made this her idea.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: Where would you like to start?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Are we really gonna do this?
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 37.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: We are.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: What’s more interesting to you, the
dialog: drugs or the daddy issues?
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: (with humor)
dialog: I like to start with the daddy
dialog: issues because it makes for a very
text: organic segue into the drugs.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Mine will bore you. He left when I
dialog: was nine. He kissed me good night
dialog: one night and I never saw him
dialog: again. Shall we move on to the
dialog: drugs now?
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: We'll get there. Why is it that
dialog: you never spoke to your father
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Because he never called me.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: Did you ever call him?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I didn’t know where he was.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: And now?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: He’s upstate. My brother told me
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: So your brother talks to him?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: He does. Or he did. I don’t know.
dialog: We don’t talk about my Dad anymore.
dialog: It always ends in a fight. My
dialog: mother was devastated when my dad
dialog: left. I guess I’ve held on to that.
dialog: My brother didn’t.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: Did she remarry?
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 38.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: A few years later.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: Why didn’t you call him then?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: He was the adult. Why didn’t he
dialog: call me?
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: Why do you think he didn’t call
dialog: you?
text: She takes a moment.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Maybe having a family isn’t for
dialog: everyone. Maybe you think that’s
dialog: the answer, that that’s what you’re
dialog: supposed to do because that’s what
dialog: you've been programmed to do since
dialog: you were a kid. But maybe that’s
dialog: not right. I mean, you shouldn’t be
dialog: allowed to just make babies and
dialog: fuck up other people’s lives
dialog: because you think you’re supposed
dialog: to adhere to this idea that
dialog: everyone tells you is right. Maybe
dialog: he thought he was doing me a favor
text: by leaving.
text: A beat. Dr. Page is silent while Laney contemplates what
dialog: she’s just said.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can we talk about the drugs now?
speaker_heading: OMITTED 46
scene_heading: EXT. MEETING SPACE - DAY 47
text: An emotionally exhausted Laney exits the building, cigarette
text: in hand. She searches her pockets for a light. Nothing. She
text: breaks her cigarette and throws it on the ground, too upset
text: to notice ZACK (mid-30s) sitting on a nearby bench smoking a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: It gets easier.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 39.
text: Zack walks over to Laney, hands her a cigarette and lights it
text: for her. He is boyishly good looking, charismatic, and has a
text: strong penchant for sarcasm. Laney takes a deep drag, eyes
text: Zack skeptically, exhales.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Heh, I don’t know yet. That’s just
dialog: what they tell me. You just check
dialog: in?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Couple days ago. But I really
dialog: shouldn’t be here. No offense, this
dialog: just isn’t the kind of place I
dialog: should be in.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Oh yeah? What kind of place should
dialog: you be in?
text: Laney takes a drag off her cigarette, searches her
text: surroundings for an answer but comes up short.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don’t know. Not this place. It’s
dialog: depressing.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Yeah. I feel you. Last week was
dialog: good though. Whole staff was all
text: freakin out. They fired one of the
text: nurses. Exciting.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: For what? Smiling?
text: Zack laughs, he likes her.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: No. She got caught having sex with
text: a patient in a broom closet.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: No way. What happened to the
dialog: patient?
speaker_heading: ZACK
text: Just a slap on the wrist.
text: Zack holds up his wrist to show her.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 40.
speaker_heading: ZACK (CONT’D)
text: Bruise is almost gone.
text: Laney looks at Zack surprised.
speaker_heading: ZACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m Zack by the way.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Laney.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Nice to meet you Laney.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Likewise.
text: They smile at each other, an immediate chemistry.
text: Zack drops his cigarette on the ground and puts it out with
text: his shoe.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: When you figure out what kind of
dialog: place you should be in let me know.
dialog: Maybe that’s where I should be too.
text: Zack leaves but looks back at Laney over his shoulder with a
text: beguiling smile.
scene_heading: 48 INT. LODGE - DAY 48
text: Laney picks up the pay phone, inserts some quarters and calls
text: Bruce. One ring. Two rings. She begins to fidget, wraps
text: the phone cord around her finger. Three rings. Then...
speaker_heading: BRUCE (V.0O.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (V.O.)
dialog: Hey. How’s it going?
text: In the background Laney can hear cartoons, kids, minor chaos.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Uh, it’s good. It’s going good.
dialog: How are you guys doing?
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 41.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (V.O.)
dialog: Good. Kids are wiped out. Getting
dialog: ready for bed. Big day ice-
dialog: skating.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You went ice-skating? Without me?
speaker_heading: BRUCE (V.0O.)
dialog: Laney--
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: We always go ice-skating together.
text: Laney is getting agitated.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s kind of our thing.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (V.0O.)
dialog: Yeah, I know Lane but you’re not
dialog: here. Would you rather I didn’t
dialog: take them?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: No, it’s just I should have been
dialog: there.
text: Laney fights back tears. A NURSE approaches her with a small
text: tray in his hand, a handful of small paper cups with names on
text: them, and equal amount of cups of water. He hands her the
text: “Laney” cup, she turns her back to him. He taps her shoulder
text: and she turns around and takes the meds without argument.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (V.0O.)
dialog: It’s only been a week Lane. Just
dialog: focus on getting better. The kids
dialog: need you, I need you.
text: Janey can be heard calling, “Daddy!” in the background.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (V.O.)
dialog: I’m sorry, Lane. I gotta go.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Wait, can I say good night?
speaker_heading: BRUCE (V.0O.)
dialog: I don’t want to upset them before
dialog: bed. We'll see you at family
dialog: visit.
dialog: 49
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 42.
text: Janey calls for “Daddy!” again.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I’m sorry, Laney. I have to go. I
dialog: love you. We all love you and miss
dialog: you here.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I love you too.
text: Laney hangs up the phone and breaks down.
scene_heading: EXT. LODGE - EVENING 49
text: It’s cold out but Laney doesn’t seem to mind it. She sits
text: alone on the porch and contemplates the starlit sky. Zack
text: joins her.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: I understand if you have a death
dialog: wish but it sucks when you only get
dialog: pneumonia and can’t take the good
dialog: meds.
text: Zack takes his jacket off and wraps it around Laney’s
text: shoulders. He sits down next to her, hands her a cigarette,
text: lights it. Lights his own.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Thanks.
text: They sit for a moment staring at the sky until Laney,
text: fighting tears, breaks the silence. Laney bites a cuticle.
text: Zack sees her wedding band.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: How long have you been married?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Forever.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Lucky guy.
text: Laney is flattered but restrains herself.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Not sure he’d agree with that. But
dialog: thanks. (pause) How fucking great
dialog: would a shot of tequila be right
dialog: now?
dialog: 50
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 43.
speaker_heading: ZACK
text: With a little lime.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: And salt.
text: Zack holds out his cigarette to hers, they bump them
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Cheers.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Cheers.
scene_heading: INT. BLUE HILL CAFETERIA - DAY 50
text: It’s visiting day. The room is filled with VISITORS. Zack
text: sits close to a beautiful, wholesome, blond. He tucks a lock
text: of hair behind her ear. Laney watches the exchange.
text: Janey and Eli are in line for dessert. Bruce and Laney are
text: sitting at a table. Some time has passed. Laney looks much
text: better, clear eyed. Bruce pushes his food around with his
dialog: fork.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You look great. You feeling better?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Do you feel like you’re making
dialog: progress?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Why don’t you just say what you’re
dialog: thinking?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Why are you so angry?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’m not angry.
text: Laney glances at Eli and Janey at the dessert table.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not. I’m not angry. I’m scared
dialog: Bruce. I’m scared of everything.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 44,
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Like what? What are you scared of?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Everything. I know you think that
dialog: if I just take my medication that
dialog: everything will go back to the way
dialog: it was but it’s bigger than that.
text: Laney glances back at Eli.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s Eli doing with his eyes?
text: We see Eli twitch.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: When did he start doing that?
text: Bruce doesn’t say anything.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Is he doing that in school?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I don’t know. No one’s called me
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You can’t wait for someone to call
dialog: you. What if kids are making fun of
dialog: him? You have to call his teacher
dialog: and find out what’s happening.
text: The both watch Eli for a moment, still twitching.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Promise me you'll call his teacher.
text: Bruce puts his hand on top of hers.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I promise Lane. I’11 make sure
dialog: he’s okay.
text: Laney takes a breath and pulls her hands away.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I need to tell you something Bruce.
dialog: I need to tell you some things,
dialog: some really fucking terrible things
dialog: I did when I wasn’t thinking
dialog: clearly but I need you to know so
dialog: I... so we can start fresh.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 45.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Don’t do this now Laney. You’ve got
dialog: a lot on your mind.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: No this is important. I need to do
dialog: this--
text: Bruce looks over at the kids piling their plates high with
dialog: brownies.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Come on guys, that’s enough. Come
dialog: sit down.
text: The kids return, all smiles.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: They have chocolate cake and
dialog: brownies daddy! I like it here!
text: Bruce pulls Janey onto his lap, a human shield. Laney fights
text: the tears and musters a fake smile for Janey. Bruce meets
text: Laney’s eyes, but he has to look away.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE HILL PARKING LOT - DAY - SAME
text: Laney is holding Eli’s hand as they walk down a path toward
text: the parking lot. (Eli has his huge knapsack on his back.)
text: Bruce and Janey are walking ahead of them.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I brought you something.
text: As he looks at her he rolls his eyes back in his head,
text: twitches them, squeezes them open and shut, rolls them again.
text: He doesn’t seem to notice that a ferocious tick has taken
text: over his eyeballs. Bruce and Laney look at each other, there
text: are no words. Bruce shakes his head and shrugs, unlocks the
dialog: door.
text: Eli drops his knapsack to the ground, opens it and begins
dialog: digging.
speaker_heading: ELI (CONT'D)
dialog: I made this for you.
text: He hands her a hard object wrapped in newspaper. It says
text: “MOM” in purple crayon. Laney unwraps the gift. It is
text: perhaps the most beautiful thing she has ever seen.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You made me a dream catcher?
dialog: 52
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 46.
text: Eli, still eye twitching.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yep. No more bad dreams.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: It's beautiful E. Thank you.
text: The kids get in the car. She helps buckle them in. Gives
text: them each a kiss goodbye. Bruce comes around to her side of
text: the car to say goodbye. Laney has tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Promise me you’ll call the school
dialog: psychologist or Eli’s teacher first
dialog: thing in the morning.
text: Bruce puts his hands on her shoulders.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Focus on getting better Lane. So
dialog: you can come home. We need you.
text: He kisses her.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I need you.
text: They get in the car. Laney stands in the parking lot and
text: waves as she watches them drive away. In the background we
text: see a WOMAN (60's) hugging two YOUNG MEN goodbye.
text: As both cars are pulling out of the parking lot we see Laney
text: and the woman both standing alone, 20 feet away from each
text: other, Laney with the dream catcher in her hand. They are the
text: same. No words are exchanged. Yet there is an implicit
dialog: understanding between them: if only they could be in those
dialog: cars. If only it was as simple as driving away.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL PATH - DAY 52
text: Laney is jogging along the path. Zack runs up beside her.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: You've been avoiding me for a while
dialog: now and I’m starting to take it
dialog: personally.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 47.
speaker_heading: ZACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Though it’s hard to imagine I could
dialog: ever do anything wrong.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’m not avoiding you.
text: Laney doesn’t look at Zack.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I took up reading.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Reading is good.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Are you pissed at me or something?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Why would I be pissed at you?
text: Laney keeps running, Zack stops, out of breath.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Can you just stop for a minute?
text: Laney stops, turns around. They’re both breathing heavily.
speaker_heading: ZACK (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t know you just seem pissed.
dialog: Everything okay? Kids okay?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Everything's fine. Good actually.
dialog: I've been working really hard in
text: therapy. Finally getting somewhere.
dialog: What about you? How’s your
dialog: girlfriend?
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: My girlfriend?
speaker_heading: LANEY
text: The girl who comes on visiting day.
text: The blond.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Sienna? Sienna is good.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: That’s great. Happy to hear that.
text: Zack looks at her with grave curiosity. A charming smile
text: spreads across his face.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 48.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: You're jealous? That’s what this is
dialog: about?
text: Laney is embarrassed. For the first time we see her
dialog: vulnerable.
speaker_heading: ZACK (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t mean to be the messenger of
dialog: irony or anything but you're
dialog: married. So unless you’re not
dialog: telling me something...
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I know, you’re right. Maybe I am
dialog: jealous.
text: Zack kisses her, she gives in for a moment before she pushes
text: him away.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Whoa. I’m kinda getting mixed
dialog: signals here.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’m sorry. God. I’m really sorry.
text: Zack looks away, uncomfortable. Laney places a hand on his
text: cheek and forces him to look at her.
text: This is Laney. Vulnerable. Sweet. Spoiled. Lovely.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Zack- listen to me. I’ve made some
dialog: really stupid decisions in my life.
dialog: And as much as I’d love to be with
dialog: you it would just be one more bad
dialog: choice. I need to remember how to
dialog: be a friend. You know? I want to be
dialog: a friend to you. A good friend. And
dialog: I need to remember how to be a good
dialog: wife and mother. How to just- be a
dialog: real person. I’ve spent so much
dialog: time running away from my problems
dialog: because I didn’t want to feel any
dialog: pain and I’ve fucked up everything
dialog: in my life. Good things.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: I hear that. And you are a real
dialog: person Laney. A great person.
dialog: 53
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 49,
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Thank you. I’m working on it. I’ve
dialog: gotta try. I deserve to try. My
dialog: kids deserve that.
text: Zack takes in his feelings for a moment before he masks them
text: with his trademark humor.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: So I guess I won’t be getting you
dialog: in the broom closet then?
text: They laugh and Laney looks at Zack with pure endearment and
text: gratitude. They hug each other, long and honest.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I have to go. See you at movie
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Yeah. Popcorn’s on me.
text: As she walks towards the camera, Zack calls from behind her
text: in the distance.
speaker_heading: ZACK (CONT’D)
dialog: By the way- Sienna is my sister!
text: Laney stops for a moment of surprise. She smiles to herself,
text: and keeps walking.
scene_heading: INT. DR. PAGE’S OFFICE - DAY - SAME 53
text: Laney sits on her familiar chair, Dr. Page sits in his chair
text: behind the desk. They are observing each other in silence.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You know the night before I came
dialog: here, even with everything I did
dialog: that night, I went into Eli’s room
dialog: to check on him. I sat down on the
dialog: edge of his bed. I just wanted to
dialog: watch him breathe. And I thought to
dialog: myself, he'll never know. Neither
dialog: of them will ever know how hard I
dialog: tried not to hurt them.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Am I gonna fuck this up? I really
dialog: don’t want to fuck this up.
dialog: 54
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 50.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: Have some faith in yourself Laney.
dialog: You've made unbelievable progress
dialog: since you got here. Don’t you see
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I do. Thank you for making me stay.
speaker_heading: DR. PAGE
dialog: I didn’t make you stay. That was
dialog: your choice. And it was a good one.
text: Laney smiles at Dr. Page. He has empowered her.
scene_heading: INT. BLUE HILL LOBBY - DAY 54
text: Laney says goodbye to Nurse Pauline and gives her a heartfelt
text: hug. Zack walks over.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Tell me you weren't going to leave
text: without saying goodbye.
text: Laney smiles.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I suck at good-byes.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: I’m going to miss you.
text: Laney glances through the window and sees Bruce drive up.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’m gonna miss you too Zack. Will
dialog: you call me when you’re out?
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Yep. I think I’m gonna hang here
dialog: for a couple more weeks though.
dialog: Nothing for me to rush home to.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I think that’s a great idea.
text: Laney gives Zack a big hug.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: My ride is here.
text: Zack looks out the doors and sees Bruce waiting against the
dialog: car.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 51.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: That’s the guy you blew me off for?
dialog: I could totally take that guy.
text: They laugh like two old friends with an inside joke.
speaker_heading: ZACK (CONT’D)
dialog: Go on. Get outta here and don’t
dialog: come back.
text: He smiles. Laney grabs her bag and walks out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE HILL HOSPITAL - DAY- CONTINUOUS 55
text: Bruce is leaning against the side of the running car. Laney
text: walks out the door, looks at her husband. He smiles at her
text: and to her surprise, without trying, she smiles back.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOK’S HOUSE - NIGHT - SAME 56
text: A handmade “Welcome Home Mommy” sign is hanging (half on/
text: half off) the front door. Laney’s SUV is parked in the
text: driveway. Lights are glowing from inside the home
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 57
text: Laney and Janey are icing a cake. There is a fire in the
text: fireplace. It’s a lovely and traditional scene. Janey is
text: wearing a nightgown. Eli is wearing a Knicks Jersey. Bingo is
text: trying to jump up, looking for attention.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Eli, want to ice the cake with us?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No thanks.
text: Janey starts whining that she can’t get it perfect.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: It’s not the way I pictured it.
dialog: It’s not perfect.
text: Janey is getting really upset. Laney bends down, wraps her
text: arms around her.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: It is perfect. It’s beautiful.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: No it’s not.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 52.
text: Janey begins sobbing. Laney tries to calm her down. Eli walks
text: over, puts his arm around his sister’s shoulder. Laney looks
text: at him unsure, desperate almost.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don’t understand why you’re
text: crying. It’s a beautiful cake.
dialog: Isn’t it Eli?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I like it.
text: Bruce comes up the stairs.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: Basement’s dry.
text: Bruce sees Janey crying.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: She doesn’t like her cake.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: But that’s a great cake Janey. It’s
dialog: the best cake I’ve ever seen.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Really. Can I smell it? Does it
dialog: smell as good as it looks?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Okay.
text: Bruce leans over the cake and purposely puts his nose in the
text: frosting. Janey starts giggling.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yep, it smells as good as it looks!
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Daddy!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Your nose!
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 53.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What’s wrong with my nose?
text: Bruce pretends like he doesn’t know there is frosting on his
text: nose. He feels all around his face, everywhere but the
text: frosting on his nose. Janey is now laughing.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: I want to smell it!
text: Janey sticks her nose in the frosting. Bruce motions to her
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, you’ve got a little something.
text: Pretending she doesn’t know.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Just a little....
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: What?
text: Laney comes over, aware of the fun.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Can I smell?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Yes! Smell it mommy! It smells
dialog: great!
text: Laney leans over to smell the cake, Bruce pushes her head
text: into it a little further, teasingly. Laney has frosting
text: covering her nose and a bit of her face.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: That is the best smelling cake. It
dialog: really is.
text: Eli watches the happy moment, for now he’s an outsider as
text: Bruce, Laney and Janey play with the cake and laugh.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hey E, come smell the cake!
text: Eli shrugs his shoulders. He’s not buying into the happy
text: family yet. Laney understands. In the midst of the fun, the
text: power goes out. It’s pitch black.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 54.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Mommy !
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: It’s okay Muffin, the power just
dialog: went out. It’ll be back soon. Bruce
dialog: can you find some candles?
text: Bruce retrieves a handful of candles from a kitchen drawer.
text: He lights one, we can see a little. Laney helps him to light
text: more. Janey is quietly crying. In a matter of seconds the
text: kitchen is lit up, candles all around. Candlelight and noses
text: full of frosting.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to Janey)
dialog: See? Look at that!
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: (to Janey)
dialog: Better?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Sort of.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Here, here’s one just for you.
text: Bruce puts a candle in the cake right next to Janey who is
text: still lightly sobbing.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Yes.
text: Bruce lights the candle, which lights up Janey’s face. Her
text: crying fades.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (begins to sing softly)
dialog: This little light of mine, I’m
dialog: gonna let it shine. This little
dialog: light of mine I’m gonna let it
dialog: shine.
text: Laney cautiously joins in.
scene_heading: LANEY AND BRUCE
dialog: This little light of mine, I’m
dialog: gonna let it shine, let it shine
dialog: let it shine let it shine.
dialog: 58
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 55.
text: Bruce takes Laney’s hand, this is a very happy and romantic
text: scene. He begins to dance with her, both with frosted noses
text: and somewhat cautious. Eli can’t help but watch, hints of a
text: smile on his face. Janey is smiling ear to ear. She joins in
dialog: singing.
scene_heading: BRUCE, LANEY AND JANEY
dialog: Down in my heart, I’m gonna let it
dialog: shine. Down in my heart, I’m gonna
dialog: let it shine.
text: Bruce takes Janey’s hand and pulls her off the bar stool. He
text: starts to dance with her. She smiles.
text: Laney turns to Eli, waves him over. He resists, hands in
text: pockets. She waves him over again. This time he comes.
scene_heading: BRUCE, LANEY AND JANEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Down in my heart, I’m gonna let it
dialog: shine, let it shine, let it shine
dialog: let it shine.
text: Now they are all dancing in the kitchen by candlelight. Laney
text: takes a swipe of icing off her nose and puts it on Eli’s.
text: They are all laughing. Bruce puts his arm around Laney, licks
text: her nose playfully, they continue to dance.
text: PULL BACK: The camera begins to pull back revealing the
text: glowing kitchen, the family is dancing, their voices fade.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY 58
text: Laney is standing in the hallway just outside the elementary
text: school guidance councilor’s office. She is wearing her parent
text: badge around her neck, Janey next to her is wearing her
text: tiara. Eli and Bruce are playing with his iPhone. A mom is
text: passing through the hallway.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Hey Jessica!
text: Jessica gives Laney a dismissive smile and wave, carries on
text: down the hall. Laney is slightly dejected, Bruce sees the
dialog: exchange.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Ignore it.
text: MR. ODESKY, the guidance councilor, open’s his office door.
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY
dialog: Come on in.
dialog: (to Eli and Janey)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 59
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 56.
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m going to speak to your mom and
dialog: dad for a few minutes. Can you wait
dialog: right here?
speaker_heading: ELI AND JANEY
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. MR. ODESKY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 59
text: Mr. Odesky motions for Laney and Bruce to sit.
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY
dialog: Nice to meet you both.
text: Mr. Odesky takes his chair behind his desk and motions to the
text: empty chairs across from him.
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Please, take a seat.
text: Mr. Odesky has a file on his desk which he seems to be
dialog: familiar with.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY (CONT'D)
dialog: How’s the re-entry going?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: A little choppy.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: He hates me.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: He doesn’t hate you.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: He hasn’t forgiven me yet.
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY
dialog: You need to give him time. Build
dialog: back his trust. He’s scared you're
dialog: going to leave again. That’s a
dialog: rational fear.
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m glad you called me Mr. Brooks.
dialog: I think we need to be proactive in
text: this situation. Mrs. Zeldis is
dialog: concerned about Eli’s recent
dialog: behavior in class.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 57.
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY (CONT'D)
dialog: One of the issue’s is that he’s
dialog: being disruptive.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: How so?
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY
text: He interrupts Mrs. Zeldis in the
dialog: middle of her lessons- asks
text: questions he knows the answers to.
dialog: It's a way to get attention. She’s
dialog: working on that. But what concerns
dialog: me more are his rituals. The eye
text: blinking, the constant pencil
dialog: sharpening. Recently he’s started a
text: pattern with tapping his feet.
text: Bruce and Laney look at each other.
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY (CONT'D)
dialog: These behaviors suggest anxiety;
dialog: the rituals are a way for Eli to
dialog: stay in control.
text: Laney looks uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s not unusual but it becomes a
dialog: problem when the rituals get in the
dialog: way of functioning. When they
text: become all consuming.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: So what do we do?
speaker_heading: MR. ODESKY
dialog: In my opinion Eli needs to see a
dialog: specialist. Perhaps start with
dialog: Cognitive Behavior Therapy. Or
dialog: perhaps he can even benefit from
dialog: medication.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Medication?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: (to Bruce)
dialog: This is my fault. He has my genes.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Stop it.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 58.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: He never had a chance.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY - SAME 60
text: Eli is reading “The Three Little Pigs” to Janey.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: And this little piggy went weeeeee
dialog: weeeeee weeeee all the way home.
text: He tickles her. Laney and Bruce exit office and are met with
text: their laughter. A relief.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Anyone here in the mood for some
dialog: ice cream!?
speaker_heading: ELI AND JANEY
dialog: Me!
text: Laney smiles. She takes Eli’s hand, Bruce and Janey follow.
scene_heading: EXT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY - CONTINUOUS 61
text: Bruce, Laney, Eli and Janey are walking to the car. Laney and
text: Eli still holding hands.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Did you go to rehab because you're
dialog: a drug addict?
text: Laney looks to Bruce. Bruce shakes his head. He’s irritated.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: No. Of course not. Where did you
dialog: get that idea?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: John Frye said you’re a drug addict
dialog: and that’s why you went to rehab.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Drugs are bad mommy.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That’s not why she was there Eli.
text: John Frye is just trying to get
dialog: your goat.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 59.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Eli doesn’t have a goat.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Then why were you there?
text: Laney stops walking and turns to Eli. She bends down on her
text: knee and puts her hand on his back, bringing him closer to
text: her. His eyes start twitching.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I was having some troubles in my
dialog: mind. And because of those troubles
dialog: I started doing some things that I
dialog: shouldn't have been doing.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Then why did you do them?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Well, it’s complicated.
text: Laney cups her hands gently around his eyes as if to calm
text: them and stop the twitching.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: But I saw a doctor who was very
dialog: smart and he helped me make sense
dialog: of my troubles. And now I feel a
dialog: lot better.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Did Mr. Odesky tell you to send me
dialog: to rehab too?
text: Laney hugs him tight. Bruce looks away.
scene_heading: 62 INT. ICE CREAM PARLOUR - DAY - SAME 62
text: All four are looking in the window at the flavors of ice
dialog: cream.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What are you getting mom?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don’t know yet.
text: There is a pimply teenager behind the counter.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: What’s it gonna be?
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 60.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: I want the pink one please.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: And I‘1ll have a small scoop of
dialog: chocolate. Kid size.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: We don’t do kid size for adults.
text: Laney’s instinct is to get irritated. She calms herself.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I'll pay for a regular scoop - just
dialog: make it in a kid cup.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: I can’t do that either. I'd have
dialog: to charge you for the cup size I
dialog: give you.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: Fine. I’1l have a small.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'll have a scoop of vanilla on a
dialog: sugar cone.
text: The teenager gives them their orders.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: And the little man?
text: Laney waits for Eli to make his choice but Eli doesn’t say
text: anything. His eyes start contorting furiously.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What do you want Eli? Rocky Road?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Which one Eli? E? What are you
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: The lines. Look at the ice cream
dialog: mom. See how the edges of the
dialog: containers don’t connect to each
dialog: other? And the floor is crooked? If
dialog: I do this with my eyes -
speaker_heading: 62A
dialog: 63
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 61.
text: Eli rolls his eyes up into his head, holds them there, blinks
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: ELI (CONT'D)
dialog: It makes them all straight and I
dialog: can figure everything out.
text: Laney takes a deep breath. She looks to Bruce for help. Bruce
text: gets down on his knees.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You know Buddy, straightening out
dialog: all the uneven lines in the world
dialog: is a big job. Let’s just pick a
dialog: good flavor for now.
scene_heading: INT. LANEY’S BATHROOM —- MORNING 62A
text: Laney finishes brushing her teeth, spits, rinses her
text: toothbrush. She opens the medicine cabinet, puts her
text: toothbrush away and takes out a bottle of medication. She
text: unscrews the cap and taps a pill into the palm of her hand,
text: puts it in her mouth and draws some water out of the faucet
text: to wash it down. Laney closes the medicine cabinet, glances
text: at herself in the mirror. She fixes her hair, tilts her head.
text: She is content with what she sees.
scene_heading: INT. TOY STORE - DAY 63
text: Laney and Eli are perusing the super-hero aisle of a toy
text: store. Eli holds a plastic baggy filled with crumpled bills
dialog: and coins.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Mom! Look at this one! It’s so
dialog: cool.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Really cool.
text: Just then Donny and Henry come around the corner. Donny has
text: that split second where one decides if they pretend not to
text: see you, or face the music. In that same second, Henry spots
dialog: Eli. Decision made.
text: Laney and Donny are both taken off guard.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Eli!
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Hey Henry!
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 62.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Look who's here!
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Hey Donny. Hey Henry.
text: Donny and Laney give each other a weak hug.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Good to see you back.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Thanks. Good to be back.
text: Henry and Eli try to solve the superhero dilemma.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Which one are you getting?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I have to see what I can afford. I
dialog: have fourteen dollars and eighty-
dialog: two cents.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Wow. That’s a lot.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: I'd pick a superhero if I were you
dialog: Eli. Personally, I always wanted to
dialog: be the kind of superhero that
text: swoops down, rescues the woman from
text: the burning building and flies her
dialog: to safety.
text: This is clearly for Laney’s benefit.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: So you can’t be Batman cuz he
dialog: doesn’t fly.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: And Spiderman doesn’t really fly,
text: he swings.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: What do you guys think? What kind
dialog: of superhero should I be? Maybe
dialog: Superman? I’d be a good Superman,
dialog: heh?
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 63.
text: Behind Donny, Susan comes walking down the aisle carrying an
text: infant seat. She’s very noticeably pregnant. Laney can’t
dialog: believe her eyes.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Looks like you're already a
dialog: superhero Donny.
text: Susan approaches Laney with a warm smile and a hug.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Laney! So good to see you! I’ve
dialog: missed you!
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I had no idea you were pregnant!
dialog: You're glowing!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh bullshit. I look like shit and I
dialog: feel like shit. But I’m almost
text: halfway through, thankfully.
text: Donny is uncomfortable, Laney does some math in her head.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: That’s great. Really great you two.
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hey- did you get my message? About
dialog: my birthday party?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Yes! I’m so sorry. I did, I’ve just
dialog: been so busy trying to catch up on
dialog: things--
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It’s fine! I just wanted to make
dialog: sure you know it’s no pressure.
dialog: Really. I totally understand if
dialog: you'd rather skip it.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: No, we're looking forward to it.
text: Eli interrupts, thrilled with his choice.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Can I get this one mom?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Sure.
dialog: 64
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 64.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Good choice my man.
text: Laney puts her arm around Eli’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: We have to get going E.
dialog: (to Donny and Susan)
dialog: See you next weekend?
scene_heading: DONNY SHERYL
dialog: See you soon. Can’t wait!
scene_heading: INT. JANEY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 64
text: It’s bedtime. Janey’s wearing an adorable nightgown. Janey
text: snuggles beneath the covers.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: I have a wish.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: What’s your wish?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: I can’t tell it to you.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Because it won’t come true.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Who told you that?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: I don’t remember.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Well, whoever told you that must
dialog: not know about the ‘Mommy Clause.’
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: The ‘Mommy Clause?’
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You can always tell your mommy a
dialog: wish.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Good.
dialog: 65
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 65.
text: Janey throws her arms around Laney’s shoulders.
speaker_heading: JANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I wish you would love me forever.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You never have to worry about that,
dialog: baby. I’11 always love you.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Forever?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Forever. Now close you're eyes,
dialog: it’s bedtime.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Are you going somewhere?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I told you Honey- Mommy and Daddy
dialog: are going to a birthday party.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: No! Don’t go! I don’t want you to
dialog: leave!
text: Janey goes from 0 to 60 in a second. A full blown tantrum
text: ensues.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Janey we’re just going for a few
dialog: hours! I’1l be here when you wake
dialog: up in the morning!
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: No! No! Don’t leave me! Mommy! Stay
dialog: here!
text: Bruce has obviously heard the screaming and he appears in the
text: doorway wearing a suit. Janey throws her arms around Laney as
text: if she can stop her- all the while screaming and crying.
text: Laney looks to Bruce for help, Bruce let’s out a deep sigh of
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: JANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You can’t leave me mommy!
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE PARTY ROOM - NIGHT - SAME 65
text: Bruce and Laney are mid slow-dance on the dance floor but
text: Laney is a million miles away.
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 66.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hey. You okay?
text: Laney just shakes her head, she’s seems overwhelmed with
text: sadness. A tear streams down her cheek.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s just separation anxiety Lane.
dialog: All kids do that.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I know-
text: They dance for a moment longer.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m going to go call them okay?
text: Bruce nods.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Of course. I’11 be at the table.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 66
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE RESTAURANT - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 67
text: Laney reaches into her bag and pulls out a cigarette. When
text: she looks up Donny is facing her. He’s obviously followed her
text: out of the restaurant.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: The way you move out there on the
dialog: dance floor -if I were Bruce I'd
dialog: get you your own pole.
text: Laney puts the cigarette in her mouth.
speaker_heading: DONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Light?
text: Donny pulls a lighter out of his jacket pocket and lights her
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: DONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: You look great.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Do I?
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 67.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Like a million bucks.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Thanks.
text: Laney glances at her reflection in the club's window. She
text: pushes her hair behind her ear.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: You know, I was going to call you
dialog: but then I thought I'd done enough,
dialog: you know. Caused enough damage.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: It wasn’t your fault, Donny. You
dialog: could have been any man.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: (insulted)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I didn’t mean it like that. I just
dialog: meant that I was looking for
dialog: something - guess I'm still
dialog: looking. Of course, it makes it
dialog: harder that I don't know what I'm
dialog: looking for.
text: Laney’s amused.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You were there and willing, and I
dialog: thought- well it doesn't matter.
dialog: Don't worry. You didn't drive me
dialog: to rehab.
text: Donny is perversely disappointed.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: I took your advice. Susan and I -
dialog: we've been working it out.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I saw.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: I didn’t know. When we had our
dialog: thing-- I didn’t know she was
dialog: pregnant.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Our thing?
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 68.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: I want to make sure you know I had
dialog: no idea.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about.
text: Donny waits a beat. He is, in spite of his wounded ego,
text: appreciative.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Thanks. I’m here for you, you
dialog: know. If you ever need anything.
dialog: Call me.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Yeah. Thanks.
text: Donny opens the door to return to the party, stops a beat and
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: I mean. Not my house. Call my
dialog: office. You need anything you talk
dialog: to Janine. Okay? Anything.
text: Laney smirks, acutely aware of his audacity. Donny digs his
text: cigarette into the concrete with his shoe and makes his way
text: back into the restaurant. Laney dials a number on her cell
text: phone and holds it against her ear.
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: It’s mommy. How are you?
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
dialog: I’m sure.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: That’s good. Your sister sleeping?
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
text: She's sleeping.
dialog: 68
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 69.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Eli?
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You know I love you right?
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Nah. Not really. Not how much.
text: Laney can hear him breathing.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I want you to promise me E. Promise
dialog: me that you'll always remember that
dialog: I love you. That I really really
dialog: love you.
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, I promise.
text: Laney takes her forefinger and wipes under each of her eyes.
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom, can I go now? I’m gonna miss
text: the rest of the game.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Of course. Go. Good night
dialog: Sweetheart.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE PARTY - NIGHT - SAME 68
text: Bruce and Laney are sitting at a table near the dance floor
text: with DAVID BLACKMAN (mid-fifties) and his trophy wife KATRINA
text: (mid-twenties). David is a slick looking garmento, Katrina
text: has quite the jewelry wardrobe. The table is rife with
dialog: alcohol.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I cover all of that in the book but
dialog: to answer your question, there
dialog: really is no such thing as having
dialog: too much life insurance. Especially
dialog: if you’re planning on having more
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 70.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: And no offense David because you
dialog: look like you're in great shape,
dialog: but I’m guessing Katrina is going
dialog: to outlive you.
text: Bruce is playfully ribbing him while expertly navigating the
text: waters of business and personal. David laughs, he obviously
text: finds Bruce charming.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's my plan. Plucked this one
text: straight out of high school.
text: Katrina elbows him and smiles.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: I was almost out of college.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, the book covers lots of
dialog: unique scenarios. I see it like
dialog: this David. There’s a bible for the
dialog: afterlife. I wrote the bible for
dialog: the here and now.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Well it sounds brilliant. The whole
dialog: notion of hedging your bet against
dialog: God.
text: A WAITER arrives with a tray of cocktails. Laney pulls a
text: lollipop out of her purse and starts sucking on it.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: You know, I’ve always dreamed of
dialog: writing a book. How did you do it,
dialog: Bruce? Did you just sit down and
dialog: type what you were thinking into a
dialog: computer or did you pay someone to
dialog: help you?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It's sentence by sentence. Anyone
dialog: can do it. Call me anytime. I'd be
dialog: happy to help you.
text: Bruce takes his business card out of his wallet, passes it
text: across the table. He is a professional.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: What do you want to write a book
dialog: about?
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 71.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: Like, maybe a children’s book or
dialog: something. I’m not sure yet.
text: Laney feigns interest in her.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You know Katrina, I'm thinking of
dialog: writing a book too.
speaker_heading: KATRINA
dialog: Really, on what?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: On prostitution.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Prostitution? Honey what do you
dialog: know about prostitution?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Well I’ve been thinking about it.
dialog: Prostitution is the perfect example
dialog: of hypocrisy. It's illegal to sell
dialog: your body. But when you're rich
dialog: it's perfectly acceptable. We just
dialog: call it being a wife.
text: Bruce looks at her with hardened eyes. Laney smiles, returns
text: the stare.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you think Katrina?
text: Katrina doesn’t know how to respond. Across the room Donny
text: taps a spoon against a champagne glass. The guests quiet.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: I'd like to make a toast to my
dialog: beautiful wife.
text: Susan's right up next to him, beaming.
speaker_heading: DONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you guys are here to dance
dialog: and have fun so I'm going to make
dialog: this short. Suze, I just want you
dialog: to know, when I drive away to work
dialog: each morning and see you there
dialog: waving to me, Henry by your side,
dialog: all I'm thinking is how fast can I
dialog: get back to you. Thank you for
dialog: putting up with me.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 69
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 72.
speaker_heading: DONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know I can be a real pain-in-the-
dialog: ass sometimes. Happy Birthday
dialog: Honey.
text: The room quiets for a collective awwwww. Donny puts his hand
text: on Susan’s pregnant belly.
speaker_heading: DONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: And thank you for this.
text: He turns to the audience.
speaker_heading: DONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you believe it? Another baby
dialog: this woman's having with me. She’s
dialog: a saint.
text: Donny draws Susan close and begins kissing her. Laney smiles
text: and claps in synchronicity with the guests.
scene_heading: INT. LANEY AND BRUCE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT - SAME 69
text: Laney is stretched out on the bed. She watches Bruce as he
text: undoes his tie, unbuttons his shirt.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: When are you gonna to talk to me?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Why would you do that? Say you're
dialog: going to check on the kids and then
dialog: you come back babbling about
dialog: prostitution? I was this close to
dialog: getting David Blackman as a client.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Do you? Do you have any idea how
dialog: hard I work to keep it all going?
dialog: Because you act like it's all some
dialog: big joke. Like what I do for a
dialog: living is beneath you somehow.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I said I'm sorry. I really am. And
dialog: I do know how hard you work. I
dialog: don’t know what I was thinking.
dialog: Come here.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 73.
text: Laney pats the side of the bed with her hand. Bruce relaxes
text: and sits down next to her. Laney takes his hand and looks at
text: him sweetly. He smiles at her, understanding.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I really am sorry. It was out of
dialog: line. She was just such a--
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Prostitute?
text: They laugh, real and true. Finally a joke not at their own
text: expense. A silent moment passes while Bruce changes his tune.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come with me to the conference this
dialog: weekend.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don’t know Bruce. You know how
dialog: those things are. Everybody’s shit-
text: faced for three straight days.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Not us. Nothing stronger than water
dialog: for me either. We can lay in bed.
dialog: Get a massage.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: What about the kids?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: They can stay with my sister.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: They're having a hard enough time
dialog: as it is.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: They'll be fine. Happy parents make
dialog: happy kids. We need this. Come on.
dialog: A road trip.
text: Laney glances up at the ceiling. She rolls over to face him.
text: His eyes are earnest. Warm.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: What if I run into my dad?
text: Bruce is saddened by this.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: We don’t have to leave the hotel.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 74.
text: Bruce takes Laney into his arms, kisses her forehead.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Just think about it. You look
dialog: tired.
text: He turns off the lamp, fluffs his pillow and rolls onto his
text: side. Laney stares at the ceiling. A moment passes.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I‘1l go with you.
text: ON: Bruce. A softness coming to his face.
text: He reaches around her waist and pulls her close into spooning
text: position, kisses the back of her head and closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Thank you.
text: A moment passes.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: God I hate upstate.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You don’t hate upstate. You hate
dialog: your dad.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I think I hate both. Can’t I hate
dialog: both?
text: Bruce chuckles, holds her tight.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yes. You can hate both.
scene_heading: EXT. EXTERIOR SHOTS OF LAKE GEORGE HOTEL - DAY 70
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY 71
text: Bruce is watching Laney sleep. He pushes a lock of hair from
text: her forehead, waking her.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Rise and shine Beautiful.
text: Laney reluctantly wakes. She sees the room service cart.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
text: Pancakes and coffee.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 75.
text: Laney smiles.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Bacon?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Of course!
text: Laney sits up. A tuxedo and a gown are hanging on a door.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I have to call housekeeping to get
dialog: those steamed.
text: She picks up the phone to dial and Bruce stops her.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Wait a sec-
text: He hands her a cup of coffee and a small jewelry box.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Oh no. What did you do?
text: Bruce smiles. Inside the box is a beautiful diamond wedding
text: band. Laney is deeply touched.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Who would have thought you’d be
dialog: able to give me a ring like this?
text: Bruce kisses her forehead.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me The Newsstand Story.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: The Newsstand Story? You don’t want
dialog: to hear the Newsstand Story.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I do. I want to hear The Newsstand
dialog: Story. Please? And I want a
dialog: massage.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: High maintenance. Okay, roll over.
text: Laney rolls over, a gentle smile on her face.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Once upon a time there was this
dialog: incredibly good looking kid.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 76.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Awkward.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh yeah, different story. Once upon
dialog: a time there was this incredibly
dialog: awkward kid from Teaneck. He used
dialog: to make a couple bucks racking
text: magazines at a store around the
text: corner from his house. He was
text: usually bored out of his skull but
dialog: one day this knockout comes in.
text: Long black hair. Long thin legs.
dialog: And she even had nice...
text: Bruce holds his hands out in front of his chest, mimicking
text: giant boobs.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: And there was something about her.
dialog: Her eyes, they seemed...sweet.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Seemed sweet or were sweet?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Just let me tell the story. So he
dialog: started dressing up a little for
dialog: work--
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Bullshit. He wore T-shirts
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: If you knew how carefully he
dialog: selected them for fit and color--
text: Laney laughs.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Point is, everyday, all he could
dialog: think about was the next time she'd
dialog: come back.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Awwww.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: Then one day she comes in and asks
text: the old man behind the counter to
dialog: get her a pack of smokes.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 77.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
text: When he turned around, she boosted
text: a candy bar and stuck it down her
dialog: pants, paid for her cigarettes and
text: walked out. But before she left she
dialog: turned around and gave the kid this
text: big huge smile. Blew his mind. He
dialog: thought-- "this chick is hot and
dialog: crazy.” So he followed her out of
dialog: the store thinking he was gonna get
dialog: the nerve to talk to her. But
dialog: then... then she did the thing that
dialog: just owned him. She went around the
dialog: corner and gave the candy bar to
dialog: the homeless guy who lived in the
dialog: alley. Kid was done. From that
dialog: moment she owned him. He wanted to
dialog: marry that girl.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: And did he?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yes he did.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Even though she told him not to?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yep. Even though you told me not
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You know there’s something really
dialog: wrong with you, right?
text: Bruce runs his fingers through her hair and gives her a soft
dialog: kiss.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I’d marry you a hundred times.
text: They share a loving moment in silence. Bruce glances at his
text: watch and starts to get off the bed.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna hop in the shower, don’t
dialog: want to be late.
text: Laney pulls him back into bed.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Let’s fuck first.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 78.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY - SAME 72
text: Bruce, in a casual suit, grins the grin of the satiated man.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You sure you don’t want to go with
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: As much as I love a good insurance
dialog: seminar...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Very funny. I’1l be back by five to
dialog: shower. Cocktails at six. Awards
dialog: at seven.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’1ll be ready.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I called the concierge. He said
dialog: there’s an AA meeting not far. Just
dialog: a cab ride. Think about it?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Of course.
text: She opens a prescription container, pops a pill and smiles
text: for Bruce’s benefit. Bruce gives Laney a kiss on the cheek
text: and she follows him to the door.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Have a good time.
text: Across the hall an elderly man struggles slightly to slide
text: the dirty room service tray out of his room and into the
text: hallway. Laney watches him intently. He smiles at her and
text: closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - DAY - CONTINUOUS 73
text: Laney is in the backseat of a moving taxi. She takes a
text: cigarette out of her bag.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Mind if I smoke?
text: The driver responds by rolling down the windows. Laney lights
dialog: her cigarette.
dialog: 74
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 79.
text: They pass through a series of neighborhoods before they pull
text: up to a modest but charming ranch house. Laney gets out of
text: the cab and walks up the driveway.
scene_heading: EXT. LANEY’S FATHER’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 74
text: Laney rings the doorbell. DAISY (10) answers the door. Laney
text: glances at the number on the door to make sure she has the
dialog: right house.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Oh-hello, is -ah-
speaker_heading: ROGER (0.S.)
dialog: Sweetheart you have to ask who it
dialog: is before you open the door.
text: Laney stares at Daisy for a moment before she turns her gaze
text: to Roger who is walking toward the door. Awkward silence. It
text: takes him second but then he realizes - takes a breath and
text: instinctively puts a protective arm around Daisy's shoulder-
dialog: the way one would do when confronted by a stranger.
speaker_heading: ROGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Elaine?
text: Roger is silent, staring in amazement. Daisy looks up to him
text: in confusion.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Uh-come in. What a surprise. Uh
dialog: Daisy-this is Elaine. She’s-
text: Laney reaches her hand out to shake Daisy’s.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I knew your dad a long time ago.
dialog: You can call me Laney.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Do you like doll houses?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Yes. Very much.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Me and my daddy are playing with
dialog: mine. Want to see it?
text: The door closes.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 80.
scene_heading: 75 INT. DAISY’S BEDROOM - DAY - SAME 75
text: A dream bedroom for a little girl: Barbie dolls and stuffed
text: animals. A canopy bed. There are several framed family
text: photos on a book shelf. Laney takes them in.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Did you have a dollhouse when you
dialog: were little?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I sure did.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: What color?
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Yellow with blue shutters.
text: Laney looks at her father. A moment is had between them.
text: Laney collects the wooden family members. One by one she
text: brings them into the living room, seats them on the couch.
text: The mother in her checkered apron, the father, daughter
text: between them, baby in bassinet.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I like it better when everyone’s in
dialog: the same room.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Me too. Can I show her my bike
dialog: daddy?
scene_heading: 76 EXT. ROGER’S HOUSE - SAME 76
text: Roger helps Daisy put her bike helmet on.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Wow, a helmet. Huh.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: All these laws- all this PC garbage
dialog: to keep your kid safe. The helmets,
dialog: the car seats, the this and that.
dialog: They didn’t have that when you were
dialog: a kid and look at you! You got
dialog: through it just fine.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Yeah. Just fine Dad.
text: A long, awkward silence as they watch Daisy ride around on
dialog: her bike.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014)
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: She loves that bike. Got it for her
dialog: eighth birthday. (pause) I was
dialog: right about her age when I hit my
dialog: first home run. I was so excited I
dialog: ran all the way home from school.
text: Completely out of my mind. P-O-P.
text: Brought in three runs.
text: Roger never takes his eyes off Daisy.
speaker_heading: ROGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Daisy! Slow down around the corners
dialog: honey. You’re gonna fall.
text: Daisy slows down.
speaker_heading: ROGER (CONT'D)
dialog: I took the stairs two at a time,
dialog: 'Ma!' I shouted, 'Ma!' I couldn't
dialog: wait to tell her. I didn't even
dialog: knock; I just busted right into her
dialog: bedroom. And there she was,
text: unconscious. Face down on the floor
text: in a pool of her own vomit.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You never told me that.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You were too young. Drank herself
dialog: to death. I don’t even think your
dialog: mother knows that. Took me until I
dialog: was fifty to stop being angry.
dialog: 81.
text: Something about the way Roger communicates this, his tone,
text: the way he looks at Laney and the concern in his eyes, gives
text: it away.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Who told you?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Your brother.
text: Laney takes a minute to process.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’m not angry, Dad.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Of course you are.
text: They watch Daisy pedal along the driveway.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 82.
speaker_heading: ROGER (CONT'D)
dialog: I was thinking, maybe I’1l bring
dialog: Daisy to the city this summer.
text: Laney’s far away.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Why didn’t you call me?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You were in the hospital. I didn’t
dialog: think it was the right time.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Why didn't you call me for the
dialog: thirty years before that?
text: Roger doesn’t have an answer.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to get going dad. Can I use
dialog: your bathroom?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Of course. First door on your
dialog: right.
scene_heading: 77 INT. DAISY’S BEDROOM - DAY - SAME 77
text: Laney walks into Daisy's room. She takes it in: the canopy
text: bed, the collection of teddy bears, the doll house. Laney
text: kneels, runs her finger across each of their heads. Then she
text: takes the father and drops him in her bag.
scene_heading: 78 EXT. ROGER’S HOUSE 78
text: Laney comes out of the house. A taxi is waiting.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I would have been happy to drive
dialog: you back to your hotel.
text: Laney walks over to Daisy. Gives her a hug.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: It was nice to meet you Daisy.
dialog: Take good care of your Daddy.
text: Daisy doesn’t really understand this but she smiles.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And you take care of her, okay?
speaker_heading: 78A
speaker_heading: 78B
dialog: 79
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 83.
text: Roger understand the implication of Laney’s words. He’1ll get
text: it right this time. He opens his arms, hesitates.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Can I?
text: Laney nods, but barely. Roger wraps his arms around her
dialog: shoulders.
speaker_heading: ROGER (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, I never stopped loving
dialog: you Elaine.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I know Dad.
text: Laney steps into the taxi and Roger carefully closes the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: LANEY (TO THE DRIVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: We can go now.
text: Through the window Laney sees Daisy waving and her father
text: wiping tears from his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI CAB - DAY - CONTINUOUS 78A
text: Laney sinks. She takes a deep breath, follows it with
text: another no matter how much air she takes in it isn’t enough.
text: She can’t seem to catch her breath. She puts her head
text: between her legs and continues to breathe deeply, pulls her
text: head up again, stretches out her back. The taxi driver
text: adjusts his rearview mirror.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY- DAY- CONTINUOUS 78B
text: Laney reaches into her bag, takes out her phone and dials.
text: The phone rings. We hear Bruce’s voice mail.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (V.0.)
dialog: Hey, you reached Bruce-
text: Laney tosses the phone back into her bag. Deflated. She eyes
text: the lobby bar.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY BAR - DAY - SAME 79
text: Laney sits down at an empty bar. There is a handsome
text: BARTENDER (early 30's) cleaning glasses, his hair pulled back
text: in a ponytail.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 84.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: What’11 it be?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: A couple of Xanax would be great.
text: Bartender smiles.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You and me both.
speaker_heading: LANEY
text: A shot of tequila with a lime.
text: The Bartender prepares her drink, doing away with the
text: requisite shot glass. He sets her drink in front of her.
text: Laney looks at it for a moment, then shoots it.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep em coming okay?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Not a problem, I like the company.
dialog: Are you staying with us at the
dialog: hotel?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Yes.
text: Laney contemplates him for a moment.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Minnesota. That's the accent,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Sure is.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Dylan, Prince or Replacements?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Went to the same high school Dylan
dialog: went to.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: You're gonna think I’m crazy.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I like crazy.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Never mind.
dialog: 80
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 85.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: People must tell you all the time
dialog: that you look like Jesus.
text: Laney smiles wide - she knows she has him.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NEXT MORNING 80
text: Laney’s gown still hangs from the door, perfectly pressed.
text: Bruce pulls his suit out of the closet, places it in the
text: garment bag and zips it up. He is packing with some urgency.
text: Or is it anger? There is a suitcase on the bed, a small mess
text: of clothes waiting to be folded and packed. The hotel room
text: door opens quietly as Laney tries to slip in without being
text: heard. Her plan is foiled right away when she sees Bruce. He
text: hears her but doesn't bother to turn around. Laney gathers
dialog: her courage.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’m so sorry Bruce. I fell asleep
text: by the lake.
text: Bruce is silent.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: By the time I woke up I already
dialog: missed the ceremony. And then I was
dialog: too nervous to come back. I didn’t
dialog: want to disappoint you.
dialog: More silence.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: How did it go? Were you a huge hit?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I looked for you by the lake Laney.
dialog: You weren’t there.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Are you saying you don’t believe
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yes. I’m saying I don’t believe
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Jesus Bruce--
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 86.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No. Do NOT try to turn this around
dialog: and make me look like the bad guy
dialog: Lane. Saying your lie louder
dialog: doesn’t make it true.
text: Laney sits on the bed where he's packing. She softens, he
dialog: doesn't.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Bruce, just listen. I found a
dialog: couple Xanax in the bottom of my
dialog: purse. I know I shouldn’t have
dialog: taken any but-
text: Bruce grabs Laney’s face in his hand like he’s going to snap
text: her neck off.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you?
text: He squeezes tighter, then lets go.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why is it so easy for you to look
dialog: me in the eyes and lie to me?
text: He stares at her. Small pools of tears have settled in the
text: corners of Bruce’s eyes.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you even love me Laney?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Of course I do.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Just not enough I guess.
text: He looks at Laney with a mixture of love and regret.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m going to Atlanta. I have some
dialog: business there and I need to clear
dialog: my head. Figure out where we go
dialog: from here.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: When are you coming back? What
dialog: about Eli’s piano recital?
text: This is almost comical. He shakes his head. Laney, mother of
dialog: the year.
speaker_heading: 80A
speaker_heading: 80B
speaker_heading: 80c
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 87.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'll be back in time. They’1l stay
dialog: with my sister until I get home.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: What? You don’t trust me?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No. I don’t.
text: He walks toward the door, bag in hand, turns back to Laney.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is my fault. I shouldn’t have
dialog: brought you. It was too soon.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: So you're just leaving? You’re just
dialog: leaving me here alone?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah. You always seem to find your
text: way home eventually.
text: He opens the door.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: I just don’t know if I want to be
dialog: there next time you do.
scene_heading: INT. BROOK'S HOUSE - DAY 80A
text: Laney unlocks her front door and pulls her suitcase in behind
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKS HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 80B
text: Laney parks her bag next to her, looks around and feels the
text: emptiness. Janey’s ballet outfit it on the bench, Eli’s
text: backpack. Laney walks into the family room. Slow but
dialog: deliberate.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 80c
text: Laney turns on a table lamp and gazes at a few photographs of
text: her family on the table next to it. She walks over to the
text: window, looks at the basketball court. It’s empty but for a
text: ball and Janey’s pink bike.
dialog: 81
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 88.
scene_heading: INT. PIANO RECITAL — DAY 81
text: Modest suburban living-room, upright piano, folding chairs.
text: Eli is wearing a navy sports coat over a Knicks jersey. Janey
text: plays with her Barbie doll. Laney glances out the window and
text: then back to Eli who is doing his eye ritual, blinking hard.
text: He seems to have added a new step - he twists his mouth,
text: holds his lips in a tight squeeze, waits a beat, releases and
text: then again. A young girl SABRINA (age 10) finishes her
text: recital piece. The AUDIENCE claps. MRS. MATTINGLY (30's),
text: Eli's piano teacher, steps to the front of the room. She
text: gives Sabrina a hug.
scene_heading: MRS. MATTINGLY
dialog: Let’s give Sabrina another round of
dialog: applause.
text: Laney hears a car door slam. She looks out the window and
text: sees Bruce, still with rolling bag, just in time. He walks
text: in, scans the room. There is an empty seat next to Laney but
text: he chooses to take a seat in the back. Janey sees him and
text: leaps down the aisle.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Daddy!
text: She grabs his hand in an effort to lead him to their seats
text: but he doesn’t follow. Instead he scoops her up onto his lap.
text: Ostensibly he doesn’t want to interrupt Mrs. Mattingly but in
dialog: truth he doesn’t want to be near his wife. Mrs. Mattingly
text: sees him politely sitting in the back.
scene_heading: MRS. MATTINGLY
dialog: It’s okay Bruce. This isn’t
dialog: Carnegie Hall. Go sit with your
dialog: family.
text: As Bruce makes his way down the aisle we see Laney and Eli
text: slide over to make room for him. Bruce sits down next to
text: Eli, Janey on his lap. He puts his arm around his son’s
text: shoulder. Eli is twitching away. Laney and Bruce barely make
text: eye contact.
speaker_heading: MRS. MATTINGLY (CONT’D)
dialog: So much has been written about
dialog: Beethoven's deafness but my
dialog: favorite story is this one. After
dialog: the first performance of The Ninth,
text: Beethoven stared blankly at his
text: orchestra. A thoughtful musician,
dialog: realizing he couldn’t hear the
text: clapping, turned Beethoven around
text: to face the audience.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 89.
speaker_heading: MRS. MATTINGLY (CONT’D)
dialog: It was Beethoven’s eyes, not his
dialog: ears that conveyed the symphony’s
dialog: triumph. Now let’s use our eyes and
dialog: ears while we welcome Eli Brooks to
text: the stage. Eli will be performing
text: the final movement of the Ninth.
dialog: The Ode to Joy.
text: Eli, all three-foot nine walks up on stage as the audience
text: politely claps. He takes a seat at the piano. He composes
text: his hands properly but doesn’t begin. This is gut wrenching.
text: His eyes start twitching, his mouth is turning. Laney holds
text: her breath, eyes wide in anticipation.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Come on Buddy....
text: Eli goes through another short series of eye twitches and
text: mouth contortions. This moment is taking forever, the room is
text: silent in anticipation. A PARENT subtly turns around to look
text: at Laney for her reaction. Laney sits up straighter, stoic,
text: masking her nerves. And then amazingly, without any twitching
text: of the neck, contorting of the mouth, blinking of the eyes,
text: Eli begins to play - fingers on keys, wrists raised.
text: This, the sound of her son, is, perhaps, the most beautiful
text: Laney's ever heard. She secretly exhales and then because
text: she’s overcome with emotion, her eyes fill with tears. She
text: can feel Bruce watching her, she turns her head slowly. When
text: their eyes meet there is no malice. Instead a flicker of
text: hope, the mutual acknowledgement of their little boy’s
text: triumph. At that moment, as Eli takes his bow and the room
text: cheers, all is forgiven.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 82
scene_heading: INT. BROOKS’ HOME - FOYER - DAY - SAME 83
text: Bruce unlocks the front door and lets everyone into the
text: house. Bingo, wagging his tail, is there to greet them.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Don’t forget to take off your
dialog: shoes.
text: The kids smile. Leave their shoes on the mat. Put their
text: coats on the bench. All the while Laney is trying to compose
dialog: herself.
dialog: 84
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 90.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Why are you crying Mommy?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: These are happy tears.
text: Laney walks over to Eli. Kneels.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: E-you were extraordinary today.
dialog: Breathtaking. I don’t think I’ve
dialog: ever heard anything more beautiful.
text: Laney puts her hands on Eli’s shoulders. She takes him in.
text: Her beautiful boy.
speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t deserve to be your mother.
text: Bruce is getting anxious about where this conversation may
dialog: lead.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Who wants a snack?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Hot chocolate?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: JANEY
text: With marshmallows.
text: Bruce glances at Laney. Her smile belies her anxiety.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I have to run to the bathroom.
dialog: I'll meet you there in a minute.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY - SAME 84
text: Laney closes the bathroom door, removes the tampon box from
text: the top shelf and pulls out the familiar white envelope. She
text: empties the contents of the envelope onto the floor. She
text: cuts lines, sniffs coke, glances at herself in the mirror.
text: Bingo scratches at the bathroom door, he wants to come in.
text: Laney ignores him.
text: There is a crash of some sort in the next room. The kids are
text: calling her name. Laney does one more line and starts
text: cleaning up in a hurry. She realizes she doesn’t have much
dialog: time.
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 91.
speaker_heading: JANEY AND ELI
dialog: Mom. Mooooocoocom!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Laney!
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: One second!
speaker_heading: JANEY AND ELI
dialog: Mom!
text: Eli enters the bathroom first, followed by Janey and Bingo.
text: Laney pretends to be looking for something.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I lost my contact. Damn this floor
dialog: makes -it’s impossible to find-
text: Laney looks up. The three of them are staring at her. She
text: wipes her nose with her sleeve. There is blood on it. The
text: kids are visibly frightened as Bruce leads them out of the
text: bathroom by their shoulders.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Mommy! What’s wrong with mommy?
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - DAY -— CONTINUOUS 85
text: Laney runs out the front door and speeds off.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 86
scene_heading: INT. DONNY’S OFFICE - DAY - CONTINUOUS 87
text: Walls covered with advertisements. Directly behind Donny is
text: a mock up of the spring ad campaign. A life-sized poster, a
text: caricature of Donny's father sitting on top of a cow. Arms
text: in the air, cowboy hat, two lassoed yogurt pops. “The Dairy
text: King Rides Again.” Donny is taken aback by the site of
text: Laney: mascara running down her face, crusted blood on her
text: nose. She’s shaking.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I need something to calm down.
text: Donny hands her a tissue, then guides her into a chair.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: What happened?
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 92.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I don’t want to talk about it.
text: Laney wipes her nose, glances at the tissue. There’s blood
text: on it. She crumples the tissue into her hand.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: I can’t give you anything, Lane.
dialog: What kind of person would that make
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Please Donny. Now isn’t the time
dialog: for moralizing.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: But you were just in rehab -
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Well now I’m not. Please!
text: Donny's office phone rings but he ignores it. Instead he
text: wets his thumb, wipes the dry blood from Laney's nose, tucks
text: a piece of Laney's hair behind her ear. A tear runs down her
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: It’s all going to be okay.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Not for me. But it is for you -
dialog: you’re about to have a baby!
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: We'll figure it out.
text: Donny kisses the back of Laney’s neck. Then her mouth. He
text: slips his hand into her blouse. His cell phone rings. He
text: pulls it out of his pocket and looks at the Caller ID.
speaker_heading: DONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey Suze, what’s up?
text: Donny looks concerned.
speaker_heading: DONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus! Are you at the emergency
dialog: room? Okay, take a deep breath.
dialog: What did the doctor say? Is he in
dialog: pain? I'm on my way. Everything's
dialog: gonna be okay.
text: Donny hangs up the phone.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 93.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: How many people you going to make
dialog: everything okay for?
text: Donny shoots Laney a look of disgust.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: This is my son.
text: He grabs his jacket and leaves. Laney opens Donny’s locked
text: desk drawer with a letter opener and rifles through the
text: prescription containers inside. She swallows some pills,
text: stuffs the prescriptions into her purse and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY - SAME 88
text: Laney is walking to her car. Across the street a neon sign
text: flashes: EVERY NIGHT EIGHTIES NIGHT, THURSDAY IS LADIES NIGHT
speaker_heading: 1$ BEERS.
scene_heading: INT. O’SULLIVAN’S BAR - DAY - CONTINUOUS 89
text: Laney takes a seat, eyes the BARTENDER for a drink.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Beer.
text: A guy in a QUAKER STATE walks over to the bar.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: No Springsteen on the jute box?
dialog: This is Jersey.
text: He glances at Laney.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Springsteen fan?
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: How could you tell?
text: Laney smirks, unimpressed.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE (CONT’D)
dialog: Best musician on the planet. Put
text: Jersey on the map.
text: Laney lifts the bottle to her mouth. She recognizes the
text: pathetic pick-up attempt but she’s willing to play ball.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 94.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: I’m sure Sinatra would argue. And
dialog: Bon Jovi, and--
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: Bon Jovi? All he ever wanted was to
dialog: be Bruce.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: We all want to be something bigger
dialog: than we are I guess.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Quaker State moves closer.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE (CONT’D)
dialog: What did you want to be?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Me?
text: Laney tries to make out the tattoo on his arm.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: You see me talking to anyone else?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: All I wanted was to get married,
dialog: have kids and live happily ever
dialog: after.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: So what's a nice girl like you
dialog: doing in a place like this?
text: The pills have kicked in, Laney has that all too familiar
text: glaze.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Who said I’m a nice girl?
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT/ALLEY - NIGHT - SAME 90
text: Laney’s cheek is pressed up against a brick wall. There’s
text: trash all around: garbage cans overflowing with debris.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 95.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Lick it.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: Lick what baby?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: My ass.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: Your ass?
text: As he bends down to lick her ass, Laney shoves him in an
text: effort to provoke him. She’s looking for trouble.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: No more fucker.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: I‘11 tell you when it’s no more.
text: Laney has succeeded in instigating Quaker State. He draws
text: back her head and smashes her face against the brick. As she
text: reaches for the wound he pulls her arm back. Laney chuckles,
dialog: inviting more pain.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Fuck.
dialog: He likes this.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: That hurt?
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Barely felt it. Is that all you
dialog: got?
text: Quaker State smashes her face into the wall one more time
text: which turns him on even more. He finishes and buttons up his
text: pants. She sinks to the pavement and watches as he dumps the
text: contents of her purse on the ground. He picks up the cash and
text: the two bottles of pills. He stashes the cash and one of the
text: bottles in his pocket, takes the lid off the other bottle and
text: pours the pills on Laney.
speaker_heading: QUAKER STATE
dialog: Want?
text: Laney can't move her lips. The gash on her cheek is throbbing
text: but she looks remarkably at peace. She got what she wanted,
dialog: what she’s certain she deserved.
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 96.
text: Laney gives a feeble smirk before she falls into a fog, in
text: and out of consciousness. She tries to get up, falls down
text: again. Did someone try to help her up? Did she hear voices?
text: She loses consciousness again.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAWN 91
text: As the sun begins to rise, Laney opens her eyes and takes a
text: second to place herself. She touches her cheek, feels around
dialog: for her bag. You can practically smell the alley- the piss on
text: the ground, the trash starting to defrost from the nighttime
text: cold. She sits up, reaches for her purse and all of her
text: belongings strewn around her.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAWN - CONTINUOUS 92
text: Laney stumbles to her car. She looks for her keys but can’t
text: find them. She reaches for her iPhone. Her screen saver is
text: an adorable photo of Eli and Janey. We see Laney’s
text: reflection on the screen. Tears rolling down her cheeks. She
text: presses the button in her contacts that says, “Valley Cab”.
scene_heading: EXT. LANEY’S STREET - DAWN 93
text: Laney’s in the back seat of a taxi cab, her face black and
text: blue, dried blood. She’s a mess. We pass the same tall trees,
text: painted fences that we passed in the opening scene. The taxi
text: slows to a stop in front of her house. It’s early morning.
text: All the lights are off. Laney opens the taxi door.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: Can you wait?
text: The taxi driver nods his head.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BROOK'S HOUSE - DAY - SAME 94
text: Laney takes the key from under the potted plant, opens the
text: front door and quickly turns the alarm off.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY - SAME 95
text: Laney opens a cabinet and grabs two brown lunch bags. She
text: reaches into a drawer and grabs two bags of organic chips and
text: a loaf of bread.
dialog: 96
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 97.
text: She opens the fridge, takes out two slices of American
text: cheese, two apples, two juice boxes... Her gestures are
text: steady and precise. Laney is on a mission: she is going to
dialog: make her children lunch.
text: She makes the sandwiches, cuts off the crusts, slices them
text: into fours, wraps them in tinfoil. Tears roll down her
text: cheeks. She peels the apples, cuts them into bites, rubs them
text: with lemon so they won’t brown and places them in a Ziplock.
text: She takes out a box of crayons and writes “JANEY” in bubbly
text: letters on one lunch bag and “ELI” on the other. She
text: decorates Janey’s bag with hearts and flowers and Eli’s bag
text: with basketballs and stars. The scene is tense and
text: heartbreaking.
text: Laney looks around the kitchen. There it is -- her life in
text: full. Toys, photographs, school pictures pasted to the
text: refrigerator, schedules and children’s artwork tacked to the
dialog: cork board.
text: It’s time to go. Laney walks towards the front door, Bingo
text: follows. But before she leaves she gets down on her knees and
text: kisses him. When she stands up she sees Bruce leaning against
text: the banister. He looks at Laney with sadness and resignation.
speaker_heading: JANEY (0.S.)
dialog: Daddy?
text: Bruce hangs his head down, as if Laney’s battered face is a
text: slap to his own.
speaker_heading: JANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Daddy?
text: Laney looks up the stairs, then to Bruce.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: (Whispers)
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Bruce watches as Laney makes the long short walk to the taxi.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKS HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 96
text: The driver turns on the engine. As Laney steps in she
text: notices the light in Eli’s room come on. She closes the
text: door, presses her hand against the taxi window. Bingo,
text: wagging his tail, is standing with Bruce by the front door.
speaker_heading: LANEY
dialog: (to taxi driver)
dialog: We can go.
dialog: Pink (03/02/2014) 98.
text: The taxi makes it’s way down the tree lined street until it
dialog: disappears.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 
