dialog: 
dialog: <!--
dialog: if (window!= top)
dialog: top.location.href=location.href
dialog: // -->
dialog: I Walked with a Zombie
text: I WALKED WITH A ZOMBIE
dialog: Original Screen Play
dialog: By
text: Curt Siodmak and Ardel Wray
dialog: Based on Scientific Information from Articles
dialog: By
dialog: Inez Wallace
text: The RKO trademark FADES OUT, to reveal a road lined with palm
text: trees, spectrally long and straight like a vista in a Dali
text: painting. Along this road and from a far distance two tiny
text: figures advance toward the camera. Over this scene the TITLE
text: and CREDITS are SUPERIMPOSED. The two figures continue to
text: advance, growing more discernible all the time.
text: As the credits FADE, the two human figures advancing along
text: the road are more clearly discernible. Although they are not
text: close enough to distinguish their faces, it can be seen that
text: one of them is an enormously tall, cadaverous negro, clothed
text: only by ragged, tight-fitting trousers and that the other is
text: nurse, dressed in crisp white uniform and cap, with a dark
text: cloak over her shoulders.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (narrating)
dialog: I walked with a zombie.
dialog: (laughs a little, self
dialog: consciously)
dialog: It does seem an odd thing to say.
dialog: Had anyone said that to me a year
dialog: ago, I'm not at all sure I would
dialog: have known what a Zombie was. I
dialog: might have had some notion -- that
dialog: they were strange and frightening,
dialog: and perhaps a little funny. But I
dialog: have walked with a Zombie
text: As she speaks, the two figures advancing on the road come
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: BETSY'S VOICE
dialog: (narrating)
dialog: It all began in such an ordinary
dialog: way --
text: As she says this the long road and the advancing figures
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT - OTTAWA - DAY - (STOCK)
text: The Houses of Parliament seen through falling snow. In the
text: f.g. horse-drawn sleighs are passing.
speaker_heading: BETSY'S VOICE
dialog: (narrating)
dialog: I'd just finished working on a case
dialog: in Ottawa...a little boy who'd
dialog: broken both legs. It was one of
dialog: those cases with traction frames
dialog: and constant care, nicely
text: complicate with a pair of
dialog: hysterical parents. When he was
dialog: all well I had to find another job.
dialog: That's a nurse's life for you. I
dialog: went to the Registry.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNER OF A BUILDING - DAY - (SNOW)
text: At about the level of the second and third floors is one of
text: those half-curved, elliptical signboards which lap around the
text: corners of old-fashioned office buildings. The CAMERA PANS
text: DOWN this sign, from one firm name to another, stopping at
dialog: the last name listed:
scene_heading: PARRISH AND BURDEN SUGAR CO., LTD.
speaker_heading: BETSY'S VOICE
dialog: (narrating)
dialog: They gave me an address in the
dialog: business district. I went there.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE -- DAY
text: An office on the first floor, with a window opening into a
text: courtyard. Through this window snow can be seen falling.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Mr. Richard Brindsley Wilkens, V.C. He is a
text: small, sharp-featured, precise little man with pincenez
text: glasses, dressed in a dark business suit. One of the coat
text: sleeves is empty. The explanation for the missing arm can be
text: found in his coat lapel: the ribbon of the Victoria Cross.
text: His age indicates that he won it in the last war. He has a
text: tablet in front of him and as he speaks, marks down the
text: answers to his questions.
speaker_heading: WILKENS
dialog: You're single?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WILKENS
dialog: Where were you trained?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: At the Memorial Hospital -- here in
dialog: Ottawa.
text: Wilkens writes this down and then returns the pen to its desk
text: holder. He picks up a typewritten page from the blotter, and
text: stares at it.
speaker_heading: WILKENS
dialog: (fiddling with the paper
dialog: unhappily)
dialog: This last question's a little
dialog: irregular, Miss Connell. I don't
dialog: quite know how to put it.
text: Wilkens straightens himself determinedly and puts down the
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: WILKENS (cont'd)
dialog: Do you believe in witchcraft?
text: Betsy bursts into laughter and we go to our first sight of
text: her. She is young, bright, alert and looks extremely
text: attractive in her blue nurse's cape and round fur cape.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (finally putting the leash
dialog: on her laughter)
dialog: They didn't teach it at Memorial
dialog: Hospital. I had my suspicions,
dialog: though, about the Directress of
dialog: Training.
speaker_heading: WILKENS
dialog: (permitting himself a dry
dialog: little smile)
dialog: Very well. That means that you
dialog: have met all Mr. Holland's
dialog: requirements. Now, as to salary --
dialog: it's quite good -- two hundred
dialog: dollars a month.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: That is good. But I'd like to know
dialog: more about the case.
speaker_heading: WILKENS
dialog: I'm afraid I'm not able to tell you
dialog: much. Only that the patient is a young
dialog: woman -- the wife of a Mr. Paul
dialog: Holland with whom we do
dialog: considerable business.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: That will mean another interview,
dialog: won't it?
speaker_heading: WILKENS
dialog: No, this is quite final. You see,
dialog: Mr. Holland is a sugar planter. He
dialog: lives in St. Sebastian Island in
dialog: the West Indies.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: The West Indies?
speaker_heading: WILKENS
dialog: (he's been expecting this)
dialog: A year's contract -- a trip with
dialog: all expenses paid -- that's not so
dialog: bad, you know.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: But it's so far away...
speaker_heading: WILKENS
dialog: That's rather nice, isn't it?
text: Wilkens glancing at the snow falling outside the windows.
speaker_heading: WILKENS (cont'd)
dialog: (a little wistfully)
dialog: Sit under a palm tree -- go
dialog: swimming -- take sun baths. Just
dialog: like a holiday...
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Palm trees --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
speaker_heading: MONTAGE OF SHIPS
text: A great Canadian luxury liner, a boat like the Empress of
text: Canada, proceeds across the screen from left to right.
text: Another ship, a smaller passenger steamer, going in the same
text: direction, takes her place as she DISSOLVES OFF; then a
text: freighter, and finally a small white-hulled trading schooner
text: comes onto the screen.
speaker_heading: BETSY'S VOICE
dialog: (narrating)
text: Boats grow smaller to reach out-of
dialog: the-way ports. Judging by the
dialog: boats that took me to St. Sebastian
dialog: -- it's far away and hard to get
dialog: to. First, there was the great
dialog: liner to Havana -- then a smaller
dialog: steamer to Port au Prince -- a
dialog: freighter to Gonave -- and from
dialog: Gonave, one of the little island
dialog: trading schooners that carry sugar
dialog: and sisal, sponges and salt all
text: over the Caribbean.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: A SAIL -- NIGHT
text: A gaff-headed sail against a night sky of stars. The boat
text: carrying the sail is evidently in a rolling sea. The sail
text: moves in rhythmic undulance against the sky. We hear the
text: chug-chug of a one-cylinder Diesel.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOONER -- WHEEL -- NIGHT
text: Two men stand by the wheel of the schooner, their faces lit
text: by the light from the binnacle. Behind them the wake of the
text: boat creams out, white and phosphorescent. One of the men is
text: obviously the skipper of the boat, dressed in sloppy white
text: ducks, unshaven and with an officer's battered cap on his
text: head. The other is a slim, tall man dressed in flannel
text: slacks and a light tweed coat.
speaker_heading: BETSY'S VOICE
dialog: (narrating)
dialog: The man for whom I'd come to work --
dialog: Mr. Holland -- boarded the schooner
dialog: at Gonave. He was pointed out to
dialog: me, and he must have known who I
dialog: was -- yet he never spoke to me.
text: He seemed quiet and aloof.
dialog: Sometimes I wondered how we'd get
dialog: on -- but there wasn't really time
dialog: for to think about it -- there was
dialog: so much to see. I loved the trip.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOONER -- OPEN GALLEY ON DECK -- NIGHT
text: Near the mainmast is a large box filled with sand and on this
text: sand a charcoal fire has been laid. A negro, dressed in
text: dungarees, is cooking a large piece of meat. Other negroes
text: lounge on deck, their black faces fire-lit.
dialog: 
text: They are singing, and their singing is attuned to the rhythm
text: of the chugging motor.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN -- NIGHT -- (STOCK)
text: The wake of the schooner.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN -- FLYING FISH -- NIGHT -- (STOCK)
text: Flying fish, like shooting stars, dart across dark waters.
scene_heading: EXT. STAR-FILLED SKY -- NIGHT -- (STOCK)
text: The stars seem very close and there is always movement in the
text: sky, as if it were alive -- falling stars and comets, lively
dialog: as the flying fish.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF SCHOONER -- NIGHT
text: Betsy is seated on the cabin top just abaft of the foremast.
text: She is looking out toward the sea and her expression is
text: ecstatic. She is completely lost in the beauty that she
text: feels, sees and smells.
speaker_heading: BETSY'S VOICE
dialog: I smelled the spicy smells coming
dialog: from the islands -- I looked at those
dialog: great glowing stars -- and I felt the
text: warm wind on my cheeks and I breathed
dialog: deep and every bit of me inside
dialog: myself said, "How beautiful --"
text: The CAMERA DRAWS BACK to SHOW a tall, masculine figure
text: leaning against the foremast, behind Betsy. This is Paul
text: Holland. As we see him, we hear his voice.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: It is not beautiful.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (surprised but smiling)
dialog: You read my thoughts, Mr. Holland.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: It's easy enough to read the
dialog: thoughts of a newcomer. Everything
dialog: seems beautiful because you don't
dialog: understand. Those flying fish --
text: they are not leaping for joy.
text: They're jumping in terror. Bigger
dialog: fish want to eat them.
dialog: That luminous water -- it takes its
text: gleam from millions of tiny dead
text: bodies. It's the glitter of
dialog: putrescence. There's no beauty
dialog: here -- it's death and decay.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You can't really believe that.
text: A star falls. They both follow its flight with their eyes.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (pointing to it)
dialog: Everything good dies here -- even
dialog: the stars.
text: He leaves his position by the mast and walks aft.
text: The group of negroes at the mainmast. They have stopped
text: singing and they sit about the charcoal brazier. They are
text: eating, tearing at the meat with cruel, greedy, animal
text: gestures. Holland walks past them on his way aft.
text: Betsy is puzzled and a little alarmed by Holland's strange
text: utterances and his queer behavior. Over this shot of Betsy
text: looking off at him, we hear her as narrator.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (narrating)
dialog: It was strange to have him break in
dialog: on my thoughts that way. There was
text: cruelty and hardness in his voice.
dialog: Yet -- something about him I liked --
dialog: something clean and honest -- but
text: hurt -- badly hurt.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE OF ST. SEBASTIAN -- DAY
text: St. Sebastian is a drab little West Indian village. The
text: shacks and houses of wood, lath and plaster seem to be
text: falling apart. Over the doorway of one of the buildings --
text: evidently an administrative office -- hangs an American flag,
text: indicating the government of the island. The hard-packed
text: dirt in the roadway is overgrown with weeds. Everywhere, and
text: moving indolently, are the little, badly nourished negroes,
text: some of them tending stalls and sidewalk vending booths,
text: others walking idly. Betsy, followed by a black sailor with
text: her suitcases, comes down the gangway. Parallel to this
text: gangway is another.
text: Up the second gangway, in file, black stevedores with bundles
text: of sugar cane and small bales of sisal hemp on their heads,
dialog: go up to the boat.
text: On the dock, Betsy makes her way through a group of clamorous
text: children, vendors and beggars. As the black sailor puts her
text: luggage into an umbrella-topped surrey drawn by a gaunt mule,
text: she stops, delighted, before a great basket filled with
text: enormous white flowers. The man seated beside the basket
text: seems to be asleep, his face hidden by the drooping brim of a
text: straw hat. Betsy picks up one of the blooms, smells it and
text: then looks at the vendor.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: How much is this?
text: The vendor wakens and lifts his head, revealing a face
text: bloated and scarified by yaws, a hideous nightmare face.
text: Betsy, startled, steps back, letting the flower drop. Paul
text: Holland, passing her, looks at this little tableau of horror
dialog: and disgust.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (in passing)
dialog: You're beginning to learn.
text: Betsy looks after him as he walks away into the village.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TO FORT HOLLAND -- DAY -- (PROCESS)
text: An umbrella-topped surrey, drawn by a gaunt mule and piloted
text: by an old coachman in dirty white singlet, a top hat with a
text: cockade on his graying hair, is making its way along a dusty
text: road between fields of sugar cane. In the distance, the sea
text: is visible and above it the great billowing white clouds of
text: the Caribbean. Betsy, seated on the back seat of the
text: carriage, is bending forward to listen to the old man.
speaker_heading: COACHMAN
dialog: Times gone, Fort Holland was a
dialog: fort...now, no longer. The
dialog: Holland's are a most old family,
dialog: miss. They brought the colored
dialog: people to the island-- the colored
dialog: folks and Ti-Misery.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Ti-Misery? What's that?
speaker_heading: COACHMAN
text: A man, miss -- an old man who lives
dialog: in the garden at Fort Holland -
text: with arrows stuck in him and a
text: sorrowful, weeping look on his
text: black face.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Alive?
speaker_heading: COACHMAN
dialog: (laughing, softly)
dialog: No, miss. He's just as he was in
text: the beginning -- on the front part
text: of an enormous boat.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (understanding and amused)
dialog: You mean a figurehead.
speaker_heading: COACHMAN
dialog: (warming up to his
dialog: orating)
dialog: If you say, miss. And the enormous
dialog: boat brought the long-ago Fathers
dialog: and the long-ago Mothers of us all
text: - chained down to the deep side
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (looking at the endless
dialog: fields and the richly
dialog: clouded blue sky)
dialog: But they came to a beautiful place,
dialog: didn't they?
speaker_heading: COACHMAN
text: (smiling and nodding as
dialog: one who accepts a
dialog: personal compliment)
dialog: If you say, miss. If you say.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. FORT HOLLAND -- DAY
text: The jugheaded mule slowly pulls the carriage into the scene.
text: This beast comes to a somnolent stop without the coachman so
text: much as touching the reins. As the man climbs down and
text: starts to take the luggage out of the carriage, Betsy looks
text: through the wrought-iron gate into the garden.
dialog: 
text: Fort Holland is a one-story house built around the garden,
text: with low covered porches to give shade and breezeway. At the
text: open end of the U is a great gate much like the wrought-iron
text: gates of New Orleans. Through this Betsy can see the garden
text: and its profusion of verdure: azalea, bougainvillea, roses --
dialog: much like California planting; no exotic orchids or man
text: eating Venus Jugs -- just ordinary, pretty, semi-tropic
text: flowers and shrubs.
text: The separate rooms are open to the garden, but have jalousies
text: of thin wood to give privacy when needed. At one corner
text: stands a big, stone tower, obviously a relic of some previous
text: building. The walls of the house have been built right up to
text: and around the tower so that it has become part of the
text: building itself. On the garden side of the tower is the
dialog: fountain. The most outstanding feature of this spring or
text: fountain, which flows from a crevice in the stones of the
text: tower, is that instead of falling directly into the cistern
text: it falls first onto the shoulders of the enormous teakwood
text: figurehead of St. Sebastian. From the shoulders of the saint
text: it drips down in two runnels over his breast. The wooden
text: breast of the statue is pierced with six long iron arrows.
text: The face is weathered and black. Only a few bits of white
text: paint still cling to the halo above his head. Betsy and the
text: coachman come up to the grillwork of the gate. Betsy looks
text: around the garden, while the old coachman reaches up and
text: pulls a bell rope suspended from the gate. As the bell
text: begins to ring, he pushes the gate open. Betsy walks
dialog: through.
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: This is a small but lovely room with white plastered walls.
text: As in the rest of the house, the furniture is not the usual
text: tropical porch furniture, but is neat, serviceable
dialog: furnishings such as an well-to-do family established for a
dialog: long time in any given place would acquire. There is a nice
text: four-poster bed with pineapple carving, a dressing table with
text: a little Chippendale chair before it, and a maple rocker so
text: old it has turned a hard, brown color that softly reflects
text: the highlights in the room. On the wall is a little mirror
text: in a carved Spanish frame. There are no pictures or other
text: ornaments. A woven grass rug lies on the floor. Betsy is
text: seated before the dressing table, putting the last touches to
text: her hair. She has changed her clothes and is wearing a
text: simple, linen dress. There is a discreet rap on the
text: jalousied door which separates the room from the garden.
text: Betsy crosses the room and opens the door. A colored man in
text: a butler's white jacket stands there. This is Clement.
speaker_heading: CLEMENT
dialog: Miss Connell -- it's dinner.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Thank you, Clement.
text: He stands aside and lets her step through, goes ahead of her
text: and precedes her down the garden path.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN AT FORT HOLLAND -- NIGHT
text: Betsy and Clement pass the fountain. The figure of St.
text: Sebastian gleams wetly in the rays of the candlelight. On
text: the covered porch in front of the living room, a dinner
text: service has been set out on a long mahogany table. As she
text: comes forward, Betsy sees a handsome young man waiting for
text: her. This is Wesley Rand. The table by which he stands is
text: set for two and lit by candelabra in great glass hurricane
text: lamps. The table is laid with white linen, and the
text: candlelight gleams on silver and cut-glass arranged in the
text: most formal manner. The table itself is a beautiful mahogany
text: structure with elaborate carving, and the four chairs which
text: surround it are massive Victorian pieces. A fifth chair
text: stands by the wall. Rand steps down into the garden and
text: extends his hand to Betsy.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Miss Connell -- I'm Wesley Rand.
dialog: Paul asked me to introduce myself.
text: They shake hands and he takes her elbow to guide her to the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: RAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (as they walk)
dialog: It seems we are having dinner by
dialog: ourselves, Miss Connell. But I may
dialog: as well introduce everyone to you,
dialog: anyway.
text: (points to the chair at
dialog: the head of the table)
text: There -- in the master's chair,
dialog: sits the master -- my half-brother
dialog: Paul Holland. But you've already
dialog: met him.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Yes -- on the boat.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: And that chair --
dialog: (indicates the chair drawn
dialog: back against the wall)
dialog: is the particular property of Mrs.
dialog: Rand -- mother to both of us and
dialog: much too good for either of us.
dialog: Too wise, in fact, to live under
dialog: the same roof. She prefers the
dialog: village dispensary.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (interested and a little
dialog: surprised)
dialog: Is she a doctor?
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: No -- she just runs the place.
dialog: She's everything else -- amazing
dialog: woman, mother. You'll like her.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I like her already.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: And that --
dialog: (points to another chair)
dialog: is my chair. And this --
text: (draws back a chair for
dialog: Betsy)
dialog: is Miss Connell -- who is
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Thank you. But who sits there?
text: (indicating a chair at her
dialog: left)
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: My brother's wife.
text: There is a little pause. Rand stands for a very brief
text: moment, looking at the empty chair and then, almost as if
text: pulling himself together, takes hold of his own chair and
text: moves it down the table nearer to Betsy.
speaker_heading: RAND (cont'd)
dialog: (as he moves the chair)
dialog: Here, here, this isn't at all cozy --
dialog: it makes me seem aloof and I'm
dialog: anything but that.
text: They smile at each other. Betsy looks around the table and
text: out toward the garden.
text: FROM BETSY'S VIEWPOINT, as we see the garden. The CAMERA
text: PANS AROUND to show one aspect of its beauty after another
text: and finally COMES TO REST ON a lighted window. On the
text: shutters can be seen the shadow of a man seated at a desk,
text: obviously working.
speaker_heading: BETSY'S VOICE
dialog: (over pan)
dialog: We had a lovely dinner. Somehow as
dialog: we sat there, I couldn't help
dialog: thinking of all the stories I had
dialog: read in the magazines, stories in
dialog: which people had dinner on a
text: terrace with moonlight flooding a
dialog: tropical garden. It seemed a
dialog: little unreal. -- Then we had
dialog: coffee.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORCH -- NIGHT
text: Betsy and Rand are seated in easy chairs with a small coffee
text: table before them. On it are a coffee urn, a bottle of
text: brandy, cups and glasses. Behind them is the lighted window
dialog: where we have seen the shadow of Paul Holland. From this
text: angle the shadow can no longer be seen. As if part of a
text: general conversation that has been going on for some time.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: -- But, you're an American?
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: I went to school in Buffalo. Paul
dialog: went to school in England.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I wondered about your different
dialog: accents. I'm still wondering about
dialog: your names -- Rand and Holland.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (making mockery of his own
dialog: explanation)
dialog: We're half-brothers. Paul is
dialog: mother's first child. When his
dialog: father died, she married my father.
dialog: Dr. Rand, the missionary. And you
dialog: know what they say about
dialog: missionaries' children.
text: Far off somewhere a drum begins to beat, slowly and sullenly.
text: Betsy turns in the direction of the sound. Rand watches her,
text: grinning.
speaker_heading: RAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (mocking her interest)
dialog: The jungle drums -- mysterious -
dialog: eerie.
text: Betsy turns back to him and smiles.
speaker_heading: RAND (cont'd)
dialog: That's a work drum at the sugar
dialog: mill. St. Sebastian's version of
dialog: the factory whistle.
text: He finishes the little bit of liquor left in his brandy glass
text: and gets up.
speaker_heading: RAND (CONT'D)
dialog: As a matter of fact, it means the
dialog: sugar syrup is ready to be poured
dialog: off. You'll have to excuse me.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Of course. It's been nice of you
dialog: to spend this much time with me.
text: Rand picks up the brandy bottle.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (pouring himself a drink)
dialog: Don't worry. I wasn't missed. The
dialog: only important man here is the
dialog: owner.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Mr. Holland?
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Yes, the redoubtable Paul. He has
dialog: the plantation, and I, as you must
dialog: have noticed, have all the charm.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I don't know. He spoke to me last
dialog: night on the boat. I liked him very
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (pouring another drink)
dialog: Ah, yes, our Paul, strong and
dialog: silent and very sad -- quite the
dialog: Byronic character. Perhaps I ought
dialog: to cultivate it.
text: The drum sounds again.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (smiling and pointing off)
dialog: Perhaps you ought to get on to the
dialog: mill.
speaker_heading: RAND
text: (leisurely sips at his
dialog: drink)
dialog: It'll wait.
text: The work drum sounds for the third time. Rand who has
text: finished his drink, reaches for the bottle again. At this
text: moment the jalousies behind them open and Holland comes out.
text: Rand puts down the bottle and straightens up. Holland stands
text: watching him.
speaker_heading: RAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Holland)
dialog: I was just going to the mill.
dialog: (nods to Betsy)
dialog: Good night, Miss Connell.
text: Betsy nods and smiles to him. Rand starts toward the gate.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (still watching Rand)
dialog: Have the servants made you
dialog: comfortable?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Yes, thank you.
text: Clement comes from the house carrying a large, silver tray
text: covered with a napkin. He comes up to Holland and holds the
text: tray before him, lifting the corner of the napkin to present
text: the food under it for inspection.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (looking at the food)
dialog: It seems very nice, Clement. I'll
dialog: take it to Mrs. Holland.
text: He starts to take the tray. Betsy rising, also reaches for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Can't I take it for you?
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (taking tray)
dialog: No, thank you. Tomorrow's time
dialog: enough for you to begin work.
text: He goes off with the tray. Betsy picks up a coffee cup.
text: LONG SHOT of tower. Holland enters the tower and closes the
text: door behind him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Betsy, dressed in a trim negligee and slippers, is getting
text: ready for the night. She plumps up the cushion, tests the
text: softness of the mattress and then, yawning, turns out the
text: Aladdin kerosene lamp which lights the room. Level rays of
text: moonlight filter through the rattan blinds into the room.
text: Betsy crosses the room and peers out through the rattan
text: strips into the garden.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GARDEN -- NIGHT
text: AS BETSY SEES IT. Lights are on in the living room. This
text: light, barred and diffused by the strip-blinds, softly
text: illuminates the garden. The black shadows of trees and
text: shrubbery loom over the paths. Through these shadows a
text: woman, dressed in filmy white, walks stiffly, her arms
text: hanging immobile, close to her slim body. She is blonde and
text: as far as the light will reveal, she seems beautiful. She
text: makes the circuit of the garden, pacing slowly along the
text: paths. Betsy watches her. Then, from the living room, a
text: man's voice calls out to her.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND'S VOICE
dialog: Jessica.
text: The woman at once turns toward the living room, mounts the
text: porch and enters through a door held open for her.
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Betsy turns back into the room. She has crossed over to the
text: bed and is removing her negligee when the sound of hesitant
text: notes on the piano attract her attention. In her nightgown
text: she goes back to the window and peers through the cracks
text: between the laths.
scene_heading: INT. A CORNER OF THE LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: From where she stands, Betsy can see the big, square,
text: rosewood piano. A lamp had been lit beside it and the light
text: from this lamp falls on the blonde hair and gleaming
text: shoulders of the woman who had walked in the garden. Her
text: face cannot be seen. Her fingers move strangely over the
text: keyboard, now and again striking a hesitant note, but making
text: no music, only an occasional dissonance.
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Betsy, still watching through the slit in the jalousie,
text: endeavors to get a better view of the living room. She
text: changes her position and looks out again through the blinds.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER CORNER OF THE LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: As seen from Betsy's NEW ANGLE. Paul Holland is seated in a
text: low armchair. His eyes are fixed on the woman at the piano.
text: She continues to strike odd notes on the piano.
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Betsy leaves the window, crosses to the bed and lies down.
text: Then, sighing, she makes herself comfortable on the pillow,
text: settling herself for sleep. Outside the nightjars whistle
text: softly, the cicadas twitter and the Hammer tree frogs make
text: drowsy, somnolent little croaks: it is a tropic lullaby of
text: bird, batrachian and insect sound. The faint, groping notes
text: on the piano continue.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIGURE OF ST. SEBASTIAN -- NIGHT -- (MOONLIGHT)
text: In the moonlight, the pin-cushioned figure of St. Sebastian
text: broods over the dark water in the cistern. Above the
text: constant sound of the water flowing over the saint's
text: shoulders can be heard the sound of a woman crying,
text: mournfully and as if from deep-seated sadness.
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Betsy is asleep. The sound of the woman's weeping is
text: persistent in the room. Finally, it has its effect. The
text: young nurse stirs restlessly, then wakes. She listens, gets
text: up, then listens again.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWER DOOR -- NIGHT -- (MOONLIGHT)
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: It is obvious to her this piteous keening comes from the
text: direction of the tower. It is in this direction she had seen
text: Holland carry the tray of food to her patient. She pulls on
text: her slippers and negligee and leaves the room.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIGURE OF ST. SEBASTIAN -- NIGHT
text: Betsy crosses in front of the fountain and goes to the small
text: postern door of heavy, iron-bound oaks which leads into the
text: ruin. The sound of weeping continues. She tries the door.
text: It opens and she goes in, leaving it open behind her.
scene_heading: INT. THE GROUND FLOOR OF THE TOWER -- NIGHT
text: Betsy comes hesitantly in and looks around her. She can
text: still hear the sound of a woman's crying. It seems to come
text: from above her. A circling flight of shallow stone steps
text: lead upward into the dark. To one side of them, but almost
text: hidden from her in the darkness, is another door leading back
text: into the house. She hesitates a moment and then, slowly,
text: begins to climb the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER -- SECOND FLOOR -- NIGHT
text: Betsy comes up to the level of the second floor. It is in
text: pitch blackness. High above her is a narrow slit through
text: which a single shaft of white moonlight drives sharply into
text: the well-like darkness of the room. Very slowly, almost as
text: if feeling her way on the stone floor with her slippered
text: feet, she crosses the room. Then, one hand groping along the
text: rough, stone wall, she begins to circle the room, searching
text: for some doorway, or an ascending flight of stairs.
text: Above her in the massive rafters of the tower, bats stir and
text: squeak. One bat, dropping from his perch, sweeps past her
text: with a rushing of air against the taut membranes of his
text: wings, then flies laboriously up and out through the narrow
text: slit high in the wall. Betsy stands stock still, frightened.
text: Then she resumes her groping progress. A rat squeals and
text: slithers across the floor. Again she stops. Then, more as a
text: request for guidance than as a cry for help, she calls out
dialog: softly.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Mrs. Holland! Mrs. Holland!
text: There is no answer. She gropes forward a few more steps,
text: then stops again and again calls, a little louder now.
speaker_heading: BETSY (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Mrs. Holland?
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR OF THE TOWER -- NIGHT
text: A white-robed female figure comes out from under the stairs,
text: walking slowly, her movements drift-like as if walking in
text: deep sleep. She begins slowly to climb the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER -- SECOND FLOOR -- NIGHT
text: Betsy is still groping her way around the circling walls of
text: the tower. The shaft of moonlight strikes down between her
text: and the stairs. Through it she sees the drifting, diaphanous
text: whiteness of the other woman as she comes up from the dark
dialog: stairwell.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Mrs. Holland?
text: There is no answer. The other woman continues to walk toward
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: BETSY (cont'd)
dialog: (embarrassed; trying to
dialog: explain)
dialog: Mrs. Holland -- I didn't mean to
dialog: get you up --
text: The white woman keeps walking toward her with the same
text: entrance tread. Betsy takes a step forward to meet her. The
text: two women come together in such a way that the white-clad
text: woman stops directly in the shaft of moonlight.
text: CLOSEUP of Jessica. This is the face of the dead; bloodless,
text: cold-lidded, eyes open and unseeing, washed white with the
text: pallor of the moonlight, framed in lank, lifeless tresses of
dialog: blonde hair.
speaker_heading: BETSY (cont'd)
dialog: (a frightened questioning
dialog: whisper over the closeup)
dialog: Mrs. Holland -- ?
text: Without expression, Jessica moves toward her.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Jessica and Betsy. Jessica comes toward
text: Betsy, who takes a step back. They are out of the moonlight
text: now, but the pale face of the woman seems to glow in the
text: darkness. She keeps advancing toward Betsy. Betsy screams --
text: shrill and piercing.
scene_heading: INT. THE RAFTERS OF THE TOWER -- NIGHT
text: Betsy's cry echoes back and forth between the stone walls of
text: the tower. The bats hanging from the rafters are roused and
text: begin to fly, squeaking and mewling.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER -- SECOND FLOOR -- NIGHT
text: The flight of bats wheels and banks around the figures of the
text: two women. Betsy screams wordlessly and the shrill, piercing
text: sound of her outcry lances back at her from the echoing
dialog: walls.
text: CLOSEUP of Betsy. Desperately frightened, her face agonized,
text: she screams again, pressing her loosely clenched fists
text: against the sides of her mouth.
scene_heading: INT. SLIT IN WALL OF TOWER -- NIGHT
text: Single file, the bats sweep out one by one through the
text: loophole high up in the wall of the tower. Betsy's scream
text: continues to echo.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER -- SECOND FLOOR -- NIGHT
text: Jessica still continues to walk toward Betsy. Betsy retreats
text: from her, backs onto the stone stairs leading to the slit in
text: the wall. She orients herself quickly; starts to back up
text: this narrow flight of steps.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER STAIRWELL -- NIGHT
text: Holland running up the steps of the tower. He is pulling a
text: light bathrobe over his pajamas and carrying a flashlight in
text: his hand. Behind him come Clement and a pretty, little negro
text: maid, Alma. Clement has dressed hurriedly. He is
text: barefooted; has on his trousers and a shirt, which is not
text: tucked in at the waistband. Alma, also barefooted, has on a
text: thick, white cotton nightgown, a little bit too big for her.
text: Clement carries a lighted kerosene lamp in his hand.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR -- TOWER -- NIGHT
text: Holland, Clement and Alma come up the stairs. Clement's
text: lantern, held high, illuminates the room, disclosing Jessica
text: still walking and Betsy cowering away from her.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Jessica!
text: The woman stops and turns slowly toward him. He speaks
dialog: hurriedly to Alma.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Take Mrs. Holland to her room.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: (taking Jessica's arm)
dialog: Come, Miss Jessica, come with Alma.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (attempting to get a grip
text: on herself. Terribly
dialog: ashamed)
dialog: I heard someone crying -- a woman --
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: A woman crying? No one's been
dialog: crying here.
speaker_heading: CLEMENT
dialog: Mr. Paul -- yes, there was crying
text: tonight. It was Alma. Her sister
dialog: was brought a'birthing.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (with a slight smile)
dialog: Thank you, Clement.
text: He takes Betsy's elbow and starts toward the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR OF THE TOWER -- NIGHT
text: Clement precedes Betsy and Holland down the stairs, holding
text: the lantern high to give them light. At the foot of the
text: stairs he steps aside, standing near the door of Jessica's
text: bedroom. Betsy and Holland go outside to the garden.
text: Clement is about to follow them when the door to Jessica's
text: bedroom opens a few inches. Alma puts her head out
dialog: cautiously.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Clement...
text: Clement goes over to her.
speaker_heading: ALMA (cont'd)
dialog: I'm going to stay with Miss Jessica
dialog: -- in case the new Miss takes to
text: roaming again.
speaker_heading: CLEMENT
dialog: (in a low voice
dialog: reprovingly)
dialog: Don't you go crying anymore --
dialog: that's what frightened Miss Betsy.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: Well, she didn't soothe me any --
text: hollering around in the tower!
speaker_heading: CLEMENT
dialog: Shhh!
scene_heading: EXT. FOUNTAIN -- NIGHT
text: Holland and Betsy come out of the tower.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Why was the maid crying?
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I'm not sure I can make you
dialog: understand.
dialog: (gestures toward the
dialog: fountain statue)
dialog: You know what this is?
speaker_heading: BETSY
text: A figure of St. Sebastian.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Yes. But it was once the
dialog: figurehead of a slave ship. That's
dialog: where our people came from -- from
dialog: the misery and pain of slavery. For
dialog: generations they found life a
dialog: burden. That's why they still weep
dialog: when a child is born -- and make
text: merry at a burial.
text: Clement, the lantern still in his hand, passes close behind
text: them. For a moment they turn and look at his black, still
text: face, underlit by the rays of the lantern. It reflects all
text: the sadness of slave people and slave ways. He goes by, the
text: lantern light fading off in the distance, as he walks down
dialog: the path.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: I've told you, Miss Connell, this
dialog: is a sad place.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: The birds in the garden are singing loudly and cheerfully and
text: the sun pours in wide streaks through the jalousies. At the
text: foot of Betsy's bed Alma stands. She has lifted the covers
text: and holds Betsy's big toe between thumb and forefinger. She
text: shakes it gently. Betsy wakes.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: Good morning, miss.
speaker_heading: BETSY
text: (starting to rouse from
dialog: bed)
dialog: Thank you for waking me.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: I didn't want to frighten you out
dialog: of your sleep, Miss. That's why I
dialog: touched you farthest from your
dialog: heart.
text: Betsy starts to get up and Alma protests.
speaker_heading: ALMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't get up, Miss. I brought your
dialog: breakfast. Just like I do for Miss
dialog: Jessica.
text: She turns to reveal right and left-handed coffee pots behind
text: her on a tray. Also on the tray is an enormous, puffed-up
dialog: brioche.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: But I'm Miss Jessica's nurse, Alma.
dialog: You don't have to do that for me.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: I know, miss. But I like to do it.
dialog: I like to tend for Miss Jessica and
dialog: I want to tend for you. You settle
dialog: right back, now, and I'll mix you
dialog: your coffee.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (pulling the pillow up
dialog: behind her to make
dialog: herself comfortable)
dialog: Thank you, Alma.
text: Alma takes a cup and places it on the little table near the
text: bed. She takes up the two coffee pots and simultaneously,
text: with a deft movement, pours the hot milk and the hot coffee
text: into the cup. She sweetens it and creams it and passes it to
text: Betsy, questioning Betsy with upraised sugar tongs and cream
text: pitcher before each move.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: (while she's pouring the
dialog: coffee)
dialog: Miss Jessica used to say this is
dialog: the only way for a lady to break
text: her fast -- in bed, with a lacy
dialog: cushion to bank her head up. If
dialog: you'd only seen her, Miss Connell.
dialog: She looked so pretty.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: She must have been beautiful. What
dialog: happened to her, Alma?
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: She was very sick and then she went
text: mindless, Miss.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (reassuringly)
dialog: We'll see if we can't make her
dialog: well, Alma, you and I.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: I do my best. Every day I dress
text: her just as beautifully as if she
dialog: was well. It's just like dressing
dialog: a great, big doll.
text: As she talks, Alma picks up the plate with the brioche and
text: places it at the bedside. She puts a knife and fork on the
text: plate. Betsy sets down her coffee cup and picks up the
dialog: plate.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: A puff-up, I call it. But Miss
dialog: Jessica always says "brioche."
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Looks like an awful lot of
dialog: breakfast -- I don't know whether
dialog: I'll be able to get away with it.
text: She puts her fork into it and the whole, enormous structure
text: of the pastry falls into tiny bits. Both she and Alma burst
text: into peals of laughter.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. FORT HOLLAND LIVING ROOM AND OFFICE -- DAY
text: This room is fairly long with jalousied doors and windows
text: like the other rooms in the house. It is tastefully
text: furnished and there is a large square rosewood piano in one
text: corner of the room. The rather formal elegant furniture
text: shows up nicely against the white-washed plaster walls. At
text: one end is a raised portion with a low railing surrounding
text: it. Here Holland has his office.
text: There is a trestle table with a straight chair behind it,
text: typewriter on a stand, and a small wooden filing cabinet with
text: an old-fashioned letter-press on top of it. There is a
text: surveyor's map of the plantation on one wall, and on the
text: other a Geodetic Survey chart of the island of St. Sebastian.
dialog: (For 75c, we can purchase the U.S. Geodetic chart of Anacapa
text: Island, engraved by Whistler, possibly the most beautiful map
dialog: ever drawn. We can use this for the map of our fictitious
text: island.) Holland is seated at the table with a ledger open
text: before him. He has obviously been working. Betsy sits in a
text: chair drawn up to one corner of the table. She is in her
text: nurse's uniform.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I made it clear in my letter to the
dialog: company. This is not a position
text: for a frightened girl.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (quietly, but on the
dialog: defensive)
dialog: I am not a frightened girl.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: That's hard to believe, after what
dialog: happened last night.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (before he can continue)
dialog: If I were as timid as you seem to
dialog: think, Mr. Holland, I wouldn't have
text: gone into the tower in the first
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: And what is so alarming about the
dialog: tower, Miss Connell?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (not so sure of herself)
dialog: Nothing -- really. But you must
dialog: admit it's an eerie sort of place --
dialog: so dark --
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (smiling faintly)
dialog: Surely nurses aren't afraid of the
dialog: dark?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: Of course not!
text: Holland waits --- looking at her a little quizzically.
speaker_heading: BETSY (cont'd)
dialog: But frankly, it was something of a
dialog: shock to see my patient that way,
dialog: for the first time. No one had
dialog: told me Mrs. Holland was a mental
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: A mental case?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (again the impersonal
dialog: employer)
dialog: Why should you be? My wife is a
dialog: mental case. Please keep that in
dialog: mind, Miss Connell -- particularly
dialog: when some of the foolish people of
dialog: this island start talking to you
dialog: about Zombies.
text: Paul rises and walks around the desk. Betsy also stands.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: You will find slave superstition a
dialog: contagious thing. Some people let
dialog: it get the better of them.
text: (breaks off and looks at
dialog: her intently)
dialog: I don't think you will.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: No.
text: Holland gets up and crosses to the jalousied door. He holds
text: it open for Betsy to precede him into the garden.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Come along. I'll introduce you to
dialog: Dr. Maxwell and your patient.
scene_heading: INT. JESSICA'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: It is a beautiful woman's bedroom, feminine but with no
text: suggestion of the bagnic; elegant rather than seductive, and
text: reflecting a playful yet sophisticated taste. The furniture
text: is Biedermeier. There is a large bed, a trim chaise lounge,
text: a little slipper chair and in one corner of the room, that
text: hallmark of great vanity, a triple-screen, full-length
text: mirror, also a Biedermeier style. Before it is a tabouret,
text: the surface of which is literally covered with expensive
text: looking perfume bottles and cosmetic jars. Mrs. Holland had
dialog: evidently taken the tasks of beauty seriously enough to stand
text: up to them. There is one picture in the room. It is
text: Boecklin's "The Isle of the Dead," framed in a narrow frame
text: of dark wood. Near the open window stands a beautiful gilt
text: parlour harp. (Size 22) Behind it, arranged conveniently for
text: playing, is a small Empire chair. There is no other
text: furniture near this arrangement, and the harp, the empty
text: chair and wind-stirred glass curtains give a dual effect of
text: elegance and loneliness.
text: The CAMERA is FOCUSED on this harp as the scene opens. The
text: glass curtains blown by the wind, steal across the strings
text: bringing forth tinkling notes.
text: The CAMERA PANS RIGHT to reveal Betsy and Dr. Maxwell at Mrs.
text: Holland's bedside. Dr. Maxwell is a small, neat man with a
text: charming voice and a pleasant but somewhat professional
text: personality. He is dressed in tropical whites and wears a
text: cummerbund. Alma is removing the breakfast tray and, as she
text: passes Betsy on her way to the door, she makes a little
text: curtsey. Mrs. Holland is lying back against the pillows on
text: her bed in a semi-reclining position.
dialog: 
text: In the daylight her emaciated, pale face and great, empty
text: eyes are pitiful but no longer frightening.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: I'm afraid it won't be easy for me
dialog: to explain Mrs. Holland's illness,
dialog: Miss Connell. We have our own
dialog: diseases here. But, if you'll sit
dialog: down --
dialog: (indicates a chair)
text: Betsy seats herself. Dr. Maxwell takes a cigarette case from
text: his pocket. He takes a cigarette, holds it up.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL (cont'd)
dialog: To put it simply: Mrs. Holland had
dialog: one of those high fevers often found
dialog: with our tropical maladies. We might
dialog: say that portions of the spinal cord
dialog: and certain lobes of the mind were
text: burned out by this fever. The result
dialog: is what you see -- a woman bereft of
dialog: will power, unable to speak or even
dialog: to act by herself. She will obey
dialog: simple commands.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Does she suffer?
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: I don't know. I prefer to think of
text: her as a sleepwalker who can never
dialog: be awakened -- feeling nothing,
dialog: knowing nothing.
text: Betsy looks to Jessica.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL (cont'd)
dialog: There's very little we can do
dialog: except keep her physically
dialog: comfortable -- light diet -- some
dialog: exercise --
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: She can never be cured?
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: I've never heard of a cure.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Is this disease common in the
dialog: tropics?
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: Fortunately, not. This is my first
dialog: experience with it as a physician.
dialog: But I have seen half-witted field
dialog: hands -- whom the other peasants
dialog: call Zombies. I am sure they
dialog: suffer from a similar destruction
dialog: of spinal nerves as the result of
dialog: high fever.
text: He crosses the room and clasps shut the black leather bag in
text: which he carries his medicine kit. Betsy rises and walks
text: over to him.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Could you give me the details of
dialog: treatment and diet?
text: Dr. Maxwell picks up a couple of sheets of typewritten paper
text: which have been lying beside the bed. He hands them to
dialog: Betsy.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: I prepared these for you last
dialog: night, Miss Connell.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (taking the papers)
dialog: Thank you.
text: He picks up his bag and walks toward the door. Betsy walks
text: with him. At the door, he half turns and says:
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: I'll be by in a day or so, Miss
dialog: Connell, and see how you are
text: getting on.
text: Betsy nods and then turns back into the room. She walks up
text: to the bed and stands looking at Jessica, then down at the
text: list of typewritten instructions. Evidently the list calls
dialog: for her to carry out some detail of the regime, for she puts
text: it down and starts out of the room in a businesslike fashion.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. FOUNTAIN -- DAY
text: Holland is standing by the fountain as Betsy comes out of the
text: door of the tower and starts to cross the garden. He turns
text: toward her. She stops and smiles.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: You didn't find your patient so
dialog: frightening in the daylight, did
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Mrs. Holland must have been
dialog: beautiful ---
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Many people thought her beautiful.
text: Betsy is about to pass on when he asks abruptly:
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me, Miss Connell. Do you
dialog: consider yourself pretty?
text: Betsy is a little taken aback by this, but she recovers
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I suppose so. Yes.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: And charming?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I've never given it much thought.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Don't. It will save you a great
dialog: deal of trouble and other people a
text: great unhappiness.
text: Betsy is puzzled and interested. She stands a moment and
text: then starts off.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. THE VILLAGE OF ST. SEBASTIAN -- DAY
text: Betsy, out of her customary uniform and dressed in a light
text: colored print dress and a straw picture hat, is walking
text: slowly and a little aimlessly down one of the village
dialog: streets.
speaker_heading: RAND'S VOICE
dialog: Betsy!
text: Betsy turns, as she hears her name, and sees Rand, mounted on
text: a white saddle mule. (The mule is one of those delicate,
dialog: single footed saddle animals which they breed in Central
dialog: America and the West Indies, very smart-looking and with good
dialog: furniture. The saddle should be particularly well-chosen.
dialog: Most West Indian planters use an English saddle with long
text: stirrups. Sometimes a machete in a leather scabbard hangs
text: from the near side of the saddle.) He maneuvers the mule
text: between a cart and a vendor balancing two baskets on a pole
text: over his shoulders, then brings the animal to a halt beside
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Where do you think you're going?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: It's my day off.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: But what in the world can you do
dialog: with a day off in St. Sebastian?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (a little ruefully)
dialog: I was just beginning to wonder.
dialog: Aren't there shops, restaurants and
dialog: things?
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Well -- and things -- might be a
dialog: better description of what you'll
dialog: find. I'd better come along and
dialog: show you the town.
text: Rand swings down off the mule and takes the reins to lead the
dialog: animal.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (very pleased)
dialog: But don't you have to work?
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: By a curious coincidence, it's my
dialog: day off, too.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - ST. SEBASTIAN -- DAY
text: A Calypso singer with a guitar slung around his shoulder,
text: lounges against the corner of a building, singing to a small
text: audience of loiterers. He has a derby hat in front of him
text: with one or two coins in it.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE -- ST. SEBASTIAN -- DAY
text: Around the corner from the Calypso singer is a cafe. On the
text: roadway in front of it, under a tattered awning, two or three
text: tables have been set out. At one of these sit Betsy and
text: Rand. At another, two white planters in work clothing are
text: having a drink of beer.
text: Behind them, leaning against the wall, stands the proprietor,
text: a Negro in duck trousers and duck coat, with an apron tied
text: around his middle. Betsy has tea in front of her and Rand, a
text: Planter's Punch. As we see them, she is just laughing at
text: something he has said. He is finishing his drink. Rand sets
text: down his glass and gestures to the proprietor.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (very jovially to the
dialog: proprietor)
dialog: Bring me another, Ti-Joseph. I
dialog: have to keep the lady entertained.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: It must be hard work entertaining
dialog: me if it requires six ounces of
dialog: rum.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: What in the world are you talking
dialog: about? Six ounces -- ?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Higher mathematics. Two ounces to
dialog: a drink -- three drinks, six
dialog: ounces.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: How do you know there's two ounces
dialog: in a drink?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I'm a nurse. I always watch people
dialog: when they pour something. I
dialog: watched Ti-Joseph and it was
dialog: exactly two ounces.
text: At this moment a new Calypso song starts.
speaker_heading: SINGER
dialog: (sings)
dialog: There was a family that lived on the isle
dialog: Of Saint Sebastian a long, long while
dialog: The head of the family was a Holland man
dialog: And the younger brother, his name was Rand
text: Betsy's attention is caught by the song. Rand evidently
text: knows the song, because he begins talking at random, trying
text: to distract her.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Listen, did I tell you that story
dialog: about the little mule at the
dialog: plantation -- the little mule and
dialog: Clement? Let me tell you. It's
dialog: one of the funniest stories --
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (putting a restraining
dialog: hand on his arm)
dialog: Wait. I want to listen.
text: We hear the guitar music without singing, as the Calypso
text: singer plays a few measures to bridge the first and second
text: verses. Ti-Joseph comes up to the table with Rand's drink.
text: Rand makes a motion to him indicating the corner around which
text: the Calypso singer is standing. Ti-Joseph gets the idea and
text: goes off instantly.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Calypso singer.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER
dialog: The Holland man, he kept in a tower
text: A wife as pretty as a big white flower
dialog: She saw the brother and she stole his heart...
text: Ti-Joseph comes in and, while the singer goes on with his
text: song, whispers in his ear. The Calypso singer stops
text: immediately. He looks frightened and guilty. Ti-Joseph
text: turns and goes around the corner to his cafe. The Calypso
text: singer addresses one of the people in the little group before
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER (cont'd)
dialog: Ti-Malice trip up my tongue -- What
dialog: do you wish trouble on me for --
dialog: You saw Mister Rand go in there.
dialog: Why don't you tell me?
text: The colored man he is addressing just dumbly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER (cont'd)
dialog: Apologize -- that's what I'll do.
text: Creep in just like a little fox and
dialog: warm myself in his heart.
dialog: (placatingly but to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Good Mister Rand!
text: The other negro just dumbly shakes his head again. The
text: Calypso singer puts his idea instantly into action, starting
text: off around the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE -- DAY
text: Rand has finished the drink which Ti-Joseph had just brought
text: him and is motioning to Ti-Joseph to bring him another,
text: making a gesture with the glass in his hand.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (evidently continuing what
dialog: she has been saying)
dialog: That's carrying free speech a
dialog: little too far! I wouldn't have
dialog: listened, Wes, if I had realized --
text: The Calypso singer comes in and stands humbly beside the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER
dialog: (with a little bow in the
dialog: Haitian manner; one hand
text: in front of the stomach
dialog: and the other hand at the
dialog: small of his back)
dialog: Mr. Rand?
text: Rand looks up at him.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER (cont'd)
dialog: I've come to apologize.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (curtly)
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER
dialog: (with another quaint bow)
dialog: Just an old song I picked up
dialog: somewhere. Don't know who did make
dialog: it up.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (growing exasperated)
dialog: All right. All right.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER
dialog: Some of these singers on this
dialog: island, they'd tattle-tale on
dialog: anybody. Believe me, Mister Rand,
dialog: I never would sing that song if I'd
dialog: known you were with a lady.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (jumping up, furious)
dialog: Get out of here!
text: He starts to rise. Betsy restrains him. The Calypso singer
text: runs off a few feet, makes his little polite bow again, and
text: the vanishes. Rand stands practically shaking with rage.
text: Betsy forces him into a chair.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Don't let it bother you so, Wes.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Did you hear what he sang?
text: Betsy is spared the embarrassment of replying when Ti-Joseph
text: brings the drink that Rand ordered. Rand gulps thirstily at
text: it, then looks at Betsy, half-defiantly, half-mockingly.
speaker_heading: RAND (cont'd)
dialog: Shocked?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: I wish I hadn't heard --
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Why? Everybody else knows it.
dialog: Paul saw to that. Sometimes I
dialog: think he planned the whole thing
dialog: from the beginning -- just to watch
dialog: me squirm.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: That doesn't sound like him.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: That's right -- he's playing the
dialog: noble husband for you, isn't he?
dialog: That won't last long.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I'd like to go now, Rand. Would
dialog: you mind taking me home?
speaker_heading: RAND
text: (ignoring her, speaking a
dialog: little drunkenly)
dialog: One of these days he'll start on
dialog: you, the way he did on her.
dialog: (imitating)
dialog: "You think life's beautiful, don't
dialog: you, Jessica? You think you're
dialog: beautiful, don't you, Jessica?"
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: What he could do to that word
dialog: "beautiful." That's Paul's great
text: weapon -- words. He uses them the
dialog: way other men use their fists.
text: Rand finishes his drink. Betsy watches him, her face deeply
dialog: troubled.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAFE - NIGHT
text: CAMERA IS FOCUSED ON a ragged, barefooted lamplighter. He is
text: lighting one of the crude kerosene street lamps of St.
text: Sebastian with a long taper on the end of the stick. When it
text: finally lights up he lowers the glass chimney with another
text: stick he carries.
text: From the beach comes the sound of a guitar and a man singing.
text: It is very faint, at first, but as it comes closer we can
text: recognize the voice of the Calypso singer and the melody he
text: was singing when Rand interrupted him.
text: The CAMERA PANS OVER to show Rand and Betsy still sitting in
text: Ti-Joseph's sidewalk cafe. Rand has slumped down in his
text: chair, thoroughly drunk. Ti-Joseph stands, arms folded,
text: leaning in the darker shadows of the wall. Betsy looks off
text: in the direction of the singing, a little anxiously.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER
dialog: (faint, but growing
dialog: stronger)
dialog: She saw the brother and she stole his heart
dialog: And that's how the badness and the trouble start
dialog: Ah woe, ah me
dialog: Shame and sorrow for the fam-i-ly
text: Betsy leans over and touches Rand's arm.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Wes. Wesley -- it's time we were
dialog: starting home.
text: Rand makes some meaningless mumble of words.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER
dialog: The wife and the brother, they want to go,
dialog: But the Holland man, he tell them "no."
text: As Betsy stares nervously into the shadows beyond the street
text: lamp, she sees the figure of the Calypso singer, moving
text: slowly towards her as he sings.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER (cont'd)
dialog: The wife fall down and the evil came
text: And it burned her mind in the fever flame.
text: Betsy shakes Rand urgently.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Please, Wes -- we've got to get
dialog: back to Fort Holland.
text: There is no movement, no sound from Rand. Betsy looks at
text: him, then looks over at Ti-Joseph. There does not seem to be
dialog: much help to be had in that direction. Really frightened
text: now, she turns back quickly to the approaching Calypso
text: singer. He never takes his eyes off her, as he walks slowly
text: toward the cafe. There is a strange menace in the way he
dialog: sings.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER
text: Her eyes are empty and she cannot talk
text: And a nurse has come to make her walk.
text: The brothers are lonely and the nurse is young
dialog: And now you must see that my song is sung.
text: The Calypso singer is now coming directly to the table.
text: Instinctively, Betsy rises and moves behind the table.
speaker_heading: CALYPSO SINGER (cont'd)
dialog: (walking very slowly,
dialog: singing very slowly)
dialog: Ah, woe, Ah me
dialog: Shame --
text: He stops abruptly. In the silence footsteps are heard, light
text: brisk footsteps coming down the street toward the cafe. The
text: Calypso singer looks away from Betsy for the first time.
text: As Betsy also turns, in great relief, to see who is coming,
text: the Calypso singer moves quickly and silently out of the
text: scene. A middle-aged white woman, handsome and neatly
text: dressed in a suit with a Norfolk jacket, appears in the
text: entrance of the cafe. She glances briefly in the direction
text: which the Calypso singer has taken and then at Betsy and
text: Rand. She smiles in a friendly way at Betsy.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: I think you need some help.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I'm afraid so.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Ti-Joseph?
text: The older woman looks over at Ti-Joseph.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Ti-Joseph, get Mr. Rand on to his
dialog: mule, please, and start him for
dialog: home.
text: Ti-Joseph comes down and starts to put his hands under Rand's
text: armpits preparatory to helping him to his feet.
speaker_heading: TI-JOSEPH
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: But he's in no condition to ride --
dialog: I don't think he can even sit in
dialog: the saddle.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Don't worry about a sugar planter.
dialog: Give him a mule and he'll ride to
dialog: his own funeral.
text: Ti-Joseph gets Rand to his feet and helps him stagger around
text: the corner. From around the corner we can hear Ti-Joseph
text: bellowing.
speaker_heading: TI-JOSEPH
dialog: Hey, boy! Bring up that mule --
dialog: that white mule, boy.
text: Mrs. Rand turns to Betsy.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: I really intended going out to the
dialog: Fort and meeting you long before
dialog: this, Miss Connell. I'm Mrs.
dialog: Rand -- Wesley's mother.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (dismayed)
dialog: Oh, Mrs. Rand --
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Come, come, don't tell me how sorry
dialog: you are that I should meet you this
dialog: way.
dialog: (puts out her hand)
dialog: I'm even a little glad that
dialog: Wesley's difficulty brought us
dialog: together.
text: Betsy takes the older woman's hand and they shake hands.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Believe me, Mrs. Rand, he doesn't
dialog: do this often. This is the first
dialog: time I've seen him --
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Nonsense, child! I know Wesley's
dialog: been drinking too much lately. I
dialog: know a great deal more about what
dialog: goes on at Fort Holland than you'd
dialog: think. I know all about you --
dialog: that you're a nice girl, competent
dialog: and kind to Jessica. The Fort
dialog: needs a girl like you.
dialog: (breaking her mood)
dialog: But now we've got to get you back
dialog: there. I'll walk you back and stay
dialog: over night. It'll be a nice change
dialog: for me.
text: She takes Betsy's arm and they start off.
text: The CAMERA DOLLIES WITH them as they cross the space under Ti
text: Joseph's awning.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Rand. I think
dialog: you're every bit as nice as Wes
dialog: says you are.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: So -- he says I'm nice. He's a
dialog: nice boy, too, Miss Connell, a very
dialog: nice boy. But I'm worried about
dialog: his drinking.
text: She pauses in her speech, stops for a moment at the very edge
text: of Ti-Joseph's domain and takes Betsy's arm.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND (cont'd)
dialog: You could do me a great favor.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: I'd love to.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Use your influence with Paul. Ask
dialog: him to take that whiskey decanter
text: off the dinner table.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: I've no influence with Mr. Holland.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Try it -- you may have more
dialog: influence than you think.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN -- FORT HOLLAND -- DAY
text: Holland is walking down the path from the office toward the
text: gate. He is carrying a piece of sugar cane in his hand and
text: is followed by a negro laborer in working clothes, who has
text: several other pieces of cane in his arms. They are talking
text: as they walk.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
text: (over his shoulder as they
dialog: walk)
dialog: No. It isn't a drought, Bayard.
dialog: The rains are just a little late,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: BAYARD
dialog: I've seen the drought before, Mr.
dialog: Holland. The cane's too dry -- it's
dialog: dangerous that way -- it's the
dialog: drought.
text: Betsy comes across the garden with a tray of medicine bottles
text: in her hands and several linen sheets folded over her arm.
text: She meets the two men at the path intersection.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Good morning, Miss Connell.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Good morning.
text: He waves Bayard on and stops for a moment to speak with
dialog: Betsy.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I heard about your little
dialog: misadventure yesterday, Miss
dialog: Connell.
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: On your first "day off," too.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Well, I had a good time up to a
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Wesley can be very entertaining.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (encouraged by his tone)
dialog: Yes, he can. But I've been
dialog: wondering -- you know if you could
text: leave the whisky decanter off the
dialog: table --
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: It's always stood there, Miss
dialog: Connell. I can remember it in my
dialog: grandfather's time and my father's.
dialog: I'm afraid it will have to remain.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: But for Wes -- it must be a
dialog: temptation to him.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I've no sympathy with people who
dialog: can't resist temptation.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Still, I feel you should remove the
dialog: decanter. Wes is not an alcoholic
dialog: yet, Mr. Holland. But as a nurse I can
dialog: tell you that it won't be long before he is.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: I'm afraid the decanter will have
dialog: to stay where it is. I engaged
dialog: you, Miss Connell, to take care of
dialog: my wife, not my brother.
text: They look at each other for a moment, then Betsy turns and
text: walks off without a word. Holland turns to rejoin Bayard at
dialog: the gate.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE -- DINING TABLE -- NIGHT
text: It is a hot, windy night. The bushes in the garden move
text: violently with the gusts of wind. Even protected as they are
text: by the great glass hurricane lamps, the candle flames that
text: light the table are agitated and stir restlessly. Tonight
text: there are four people at dinner, Holland, Rand, Betsy, in a
text: simple print dress, and Jessica, in a lovely evening gown
text: that leaves her shoulders and arms bare. They have finished
text: the first portion of their meal and Clement is taking off the
text: soup plates. Somewhere off in the hills there is the
text: ululating sounds of a great sea conch being blown.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You don't seem very disturbed by
dialog: it. I've always thought Voodoo was
dialog: something to be scared of: the
text: drums sounded in the hills and
dialog: everybody was frightened.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I'm afraid it's not very
dialog: frightening. They have their songs
dialog: and dances and carry on and
dialog: finally, as I understand it, one of
text: the gods comes down and speaks
text: through one of the people.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: For some reason, they always seem
dialog: to pick a night like this. This
dialog: wind even sets me on edge.
text: He reaches out with his hand and then looks around the table.
text: It is obvious something is missing. Both Betsy and Holland
text: notice his half-gesture. Betsy glances at Holland. He
text: smiles and nods.
speaker_heading: RAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Clement.
text: Clement, busy at the sideboard, looks around toward him.
speaker_heading: RAND (cont'd)
dialog: You've forgotten the decanter.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I think from now on, Wes, we'll try
text: serving dinner without it.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Oh, I see. The lord of the manor
dialog: has decided to abolish one of the
dialog: tribal customs.
text: Holland makes no answer. The conches blow wildly in the
text: hills and a flurry of wind sweeps the garden.
speaker_heading: RAND (cont'd)
dialog: An economy move, I suppose. Or,
dialog: perhaps, Paul, you decided on a
dialog: finer moral standard for our happy
dialog: little household, now that Miss
dialog: Connell is with us.
text: Holland still keeps his silence, although the muscles in his
text: jaw twitch.
speaker_heading: RAND (cont'd)
dialog: What are you trying to do, impress
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Let's drop it now, Wes. We can
dialog: talk about it later if you want.
text: Rand glowers at him and makes no immediate answer. A great
text: gust of wind blows across the garden. The candle flames
text: level out in one direction and then the other.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: But I want to talk now. Why have
dialog: you decided to take the whiskey off
dialog: the table? What's behind it? What
dialog: nice, sadistic little plot is
dialog: brewing this time, Paul?
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (with a glance at Betsy)
dialog: Let's not discuss it, Wes.
text: The conches sound again in the hills, wildly and yet
text: monotonously.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (with great sarcasm)
dialog: Let's not quarrel before the
dialog: ladies. Let's be reserved and
dialog: gentlemanly.
dialog: (jumping to his feet)
dialog: You were so gentlemanly when you
dialog: drove Jessica insane -- so polite
dialog: when you made her into that!
text: He subsides in his chair, shaken, entirely out of control.
text: He doesn't look at Holland, nor at Betsy but at Jessica.
text: They sit there for a moment in complete silence. Then
text: Holland, obviously holding in his temper, rises and says:
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Miss Connell, I think it would be
dialog: best if I had Clement bring the
dialog: rest of your dinner to your room.
text: He turns and goes into the living room. Betsy also starts to
text: rise. Rand still stares at Jessica.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: The room is in darkness. Betsy stands leaning against one of
text: the jalousies, looking out through the slit between two
text: panels. Over the scene comes the sad, masculine sorrow of
text: the Liebestod. It is being played well and forcefully on the
text: piano in the living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: From her window Betsy can see Holland playing the piano.
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Betsy stands watching him. Then suddenly, as if compelled,
text: she leaves the window, opens the jalousied door and goes
text: quickly out into the garden.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Holland is still playing. The sound of the door opening is
text: heard. It startles him and he turns toward the sound. He
text: sees Betsy and rises to face her as she steps into the room.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I heard you playing.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
text: (trying to hide behind
dialog: brittleness)
dialog: I often do.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (disregarding his remark)
dialog: I know what you went through
dialog: tonight. I kept thinking of what
dialog: you said: that all good things died
text: here, violently.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Why did you come in here?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I don't know. I wanted to help
dialog: you. And now that I'm here, I don't
dialog: know how.
text: Holland comes close to her and looks down into her eyes.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (with unexpected
dialog: sincerity)
dialog: You have helped me. I want you to
dialog: know I'm sorry I brought you here.
dialog: When I thought of a nurse, I
dialog: thought of someone hard and
text: impersonal.
speaker_heading: BETSY
text: (looking past him into the
dialog: garden)
dialog: I love Fort Holland.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: What you saw tonight -- two
text: brothers at each other's throat and
text: a woman driven mad by her own
dialog: husband? Do you love that?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You didn't drive her mad.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Didn't I? I don't know. That's
dialog: the simple truth of it. I don't
dialog: know.
text: Betsy shakes her head and moves closer to him. Her face,
text: upturned to his, is filled with pity.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: Before Jessica was taken ill, there
dialog: was a scene. An ugly scene. I
dialog: told her I wouldn't let her go,
dialog: that I'd hold her by force if
dialog: necessary.
text: Betsy puts her hand on his arm, in an instinctive gesture of
text: sympathy and comfort. Holland looks down at her hand and
text: then, searchingly, into her face.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: You wouldn't understand that kind
dialog: of love. You never knew Jessica as
dialog: she was. Beautiful, restless,
text: willful -- living in a world with
dialog: room for nothing but her own image
dialog: and her own desires.
text: Betsy gently draws her hand away. She watches his face, lost
dialog: in remembering.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: She promised so much -- warmth and
dialog: sweetness...she promised --
text: In the hills the conches blow wildly, echoing and answering
text: each other from every direction. For a brief moment, the
text: noise is so loud Holland could not speak if he wanted to and
text: then, when he can, and does, his voice has changed entirely.
text: It is cold. It cuts between him and Betsy like a sword.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (CONT'D)
dialog: I think it may be best for all of
dialog: us not to discuss this again.
dialog: Thank you -- I know you meant to be
dialog: kind.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. FOUNTAIN -- NIGHT
text: Betsy stands looking into the dark cistern. The wind still
text: blows and the conches are sounding from the hills. But the
text: noise of the water flowing over the shoulders of St.
text: Sebastian can be heard above these other sounds. The iron
text: arrows in his breast glisten.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (narrating)
dialog: I don't know how their own love is
dialog: revealed to other women -- maybe in
dialog: their sweethearts' arms -- I don't
dialog: know. To me it came that night
dialog: after Paul Holland almost thrust me
dialog: from the room, and certainly thrust
dialog: me from his life. I said to myself,
dialog: "I love him." And even as I said
dialog: it, I knew he still loved his wife.
dialog: Then because I loved him, I felt I
dialog: had to restore her to him -- to
dialog: make her what she had been before --
dialog: to make him happy.
text: As the narrator's voice ceases, the CAMERA HOLDS ON that
text: small, silent figure before the fountain.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. MRS. HOLLAND'S BEDROOM -- DAY
text: Jessica is seated before the triptych mirror, facing it
text: blankly. At the other end of the room stand Betsy and Dr.
text: Maxwell. Paul, his back to the window, faces them.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: All that you say comes down to the
dialog: same thing. You are asking me to
dialog: pass a sentence of life or death on
dialog: my own wife.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: Insulin shock treatment is an
dialog: extreme measure, Mr. Holland.
dialog: But -- as Miss Connell pointed out
dialog: when she suggested it -- this is an
dialog: extreme case.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (to Betsy)
dialog: You admit that it is terribly
dialog: dangerous. Why do you advise it?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I've worked with it. I've seen
text: cures. It is at least a hope.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: It's the very danger itself that
dialog: makes the cure possible, Mr.
dialog: Holland. The insulin produces a
text: state of coma, a stupor. The
text: patient is revived from the coma by
text: a violent overwhelming nerve shock.
dialog: That nerve shock can kill -- but it
dialog: can also restore the damaged mind.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I don't know -- I don't know--
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: It is a hard decision to make --
dialog: but yours is only a technical
dialog: responsibility...
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Technical responsibility, real
dialog: responsibility -- what difference
dialog: does it make?
dialog: (turns back to face them)
dialog: Jessica lives -- or she dies.
dialog: That's what we're talking about!
text: Betsy turns and looks across the room to where Jessica sits
text: motionless before the mirror.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You are wrong, Mr. Holland.
text: She turns back to face him.
speaker_heading: BETSY (cont'd)
dialog: It is not a question of life or
dialog: death. Your wife is not living.
text: She is in a world that is empty of
dialog: joy or meaning. We have a chance
dialog: to give her life back to her.
text: Holland stares at her. He turns to the window and stands for
text: a moment with his back to the room.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. ARCHED DOORWAY OF MRS. HOLLAND'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Through the doorway we see the enormous shadows of Betsy and
text: Dr. Maxwell on the wall as they work over their patient.
text: We hear the murmur of their voices although we cannot hear
text: what they are saying. In the doorway itself, leaning against
text: the wall looking toward the room expectantly, anxiously, is
text: Holland, half hidden in the shadows of the arch. The shadows
text: on the wall straighten up. We see Betsy in shadow drawing
text: her hand wearily across her forehead. Still in shadow, she
text: turns toward the door, her shadow grows enormous as she comes
text: toward the source of light.
text: As Betsy comes under the arch, Holland moves to meet her.
text: She turns to him.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: She is alive, Mr. Holland -- that's
dialog: all.
text: There is a little pause. Then Betsy looks at Holland, her
text: eyes glistening with tears. Betsy turns away slightly,
text: closing her eyes for a moment to steady herself. Holland
text: puts his hands on her shoulders and turns her back to face
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Don't take it to heart, Betsy.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I imagined this so differently...
text: Holland takes his hand from her shoulders.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I've been waiting here for hours,
dialog: trying to imagine Jessica well
dialog: again -- wondering what I'd feel.
dialog: I could see Jessica as she used to
dialog: be, I could hear her say in that
dialog: sweet mocking voice, "Paul,
dialog: darling..." The whole thing
dialog: beginning all over again...
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (dully)
dialog: And instead, I came -- bringing
dialog: you nothing.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
text: (slowly looking down at
dialog: her)
dialog: Instead -- you come, with sympathy,
dialog: Betsy, and a generous heart.
dialog: Don't forget that. Don't call it
dialog: nothing.
text: Betsy turns wearily and returns to the sick room. Holland is
text: about to follow her when he hears a low chuckle and turns to
dialog: see who it is.
text: INT. THE PASSAGE TO THE TOWER DOOR AS SEEN FROM JESSICA'S
speaker_heading: ROOM -- DAY
text: A few feet from Holland, leaning against the wall, is Rand.
text: He has evidently been there some time. He is not drunk, but
text: it is obvious he has been drinking. Holland walks down the
text: short corridor toward him.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Very sad, very sweet. The noble
dialog: husband and the noble nurse
dialog: comforting each other -- because
dialog: the patient still lives. I've been
dialog: imagining too, Paul. You didn't
dialog: think of that, did you? I saw
dialog: Jessica coming across the garden, I
dialog: heard her voice.
text: THERE ARE TWO PAGES MISSING AT THIS POINT WHERE PAUL AND
text: WESLEY END THEIR CONVERSATION. THE SCRIPT PICKS UP IN THE
text: MIDDLE OF THE NEXT SCENE JUST AFTER ALMA'S SISTER HAS VISITED
text: WITH HER BABY.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I suppose not.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: Things so bad, nobody can help --
dialog: not even Doctor Maxwell.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Doctors and nurses can only do so
dialog: much, Alma. They can't cure
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: Doctors that are people can't cure
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (with a puzzled look)
dialog: What do you mean -- "doctors that
dialog: are people"?
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: (slowly, almost sing-song)
dialog: There are other doctors...Yes,
dialog: other doctors...Better doctors...
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: ALMA
text: At the Houmfort.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (shaking off the idea)
dialog: That's nonsense, Alma.
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: They even cure nonsense, Miss
dialog: Betsy. Mama Rose was mindless. I
dialog: was at the Houmfort when the
dialog: Houngan brought her mind back.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You mean Mama Rose was like Mrs.
dialog: Holland?
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: No. She was mindless but not like
dialog: Miss Jessica. But the Houngan
dialog: cured her.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Are you trying to tell me that the
dialog: Houngan -- the voodoo priest --
dialog: could cure Mrs. Holland?
speaker_heading: ALMA
dialog: Yes, Miss Betsy. I mean that. The
dialog: Houngan will speak to the rada
text: drums and the drums will speak to
dialog: Shango and Damballa.
text: The CAMERA MOVES IN to a CLOSE TWO SHOT of both women's
text: faces, Betsy looking thoughtfully at Alma and Alma returning
text: the gaze with equal intensity.
speaker_heading: ALMA (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Better doctors --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. THE DISPENSARY - DAY
text: This is a small, plainly furnished room with a plain table, a
text: few bentwood chairs and a medicine cabinet and a few
text: washbasins and water pitchers on a shelf. Mrs. Rand is
text: kneeling down at the side of the little, black pickaninny,
text: rubbing ointment on a sore on his chest. Betsy, in street
text: clothes, watcher her. Mrs. Rand finishes her work on the
text: little boy's chest and begins to put his little shirt back on
text: him. An obeah bag tied around his neck on a string gets in
text: her way as she tries to button the shirt. She holds it up so
text: that the little boy can see it.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Ti-Peter, how do you ever expect to
dialog: get to Heaven with one foot in the
text: voodoo Houmfort and the other in
dialog: the Baptist church?
text: The little black boy looks at her with rolling eyes but does
text: not answer. She gives him a playful pat on the behind,
text: starting him on his way to the door.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Betsy, cheerfully)
dialog: Some of this native nonsense. The
dialog: Houngan has his prescription and
dialog: Dr. Maxwell and I have ours.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You've never said anything about
dialog: voodoo before, Mrs. Rand.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Haven't I? I suppose I take it for
dialog: granted. It's just part of everyday
dialog: life here.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You don't believe in it?
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: A missionary's widow? It isn't
dialog: very likely, is it?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I don't mean believe, like
dialog: believing in a religion. I mean,
dialog: do you believe it has power? Do
dialog: you think it could heal a sick
dialog: person?
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: (looking hard at Betsy for
dialog: a moment)
dialog: Frankly, my dear, I didn't expect
dialog: anything like this from a nice
dialog: level-headed girl. What are you
dialog: driving at?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I heard the servants talking about
dialog: someone called Mama Rose. They said
dialog: she had been "mindless"...
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
text: Her son drowned. She brooded until
dialog: her mind was affected. All the
dialog: Houngan did was coax her out of it
dialog: with a little practical psychology.
text: PAGES ARE MISSING AT THIS POINT AS BETSY AND
scene_heading: JESSICA LEAVE FORT HOLLAND AND TRAVEL ACROSS THE SUGAR CANE
text: FIELDS TO THE HOUMFORT
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUMFORT - NIGHT
text: LONG SHOT. The camera is behind Betsy and Jessica as they go
text: toward the Houmfort through the sugar cane. We see this
text: voodoo temple as they go toward it. It is a rickety
text: structure of poles and laths, roofed over with a thin thatch
text: of sugar cane and straw. It forms a sort of rude pergola.
text: In the center of this structure is a small, cubicle hut, made
text: of rough boards but neatly whitewashed. From the rafters of
text: the main structure hang crude chandeliers of tin which give
text: light to the ceremonies.
dialog: (Please see pages 28 to 31, Life Magazine, December 13, 1937.
dialog: All the details mentioned above are graphically illustrated,
text: Near the little hut in the center of the Houmfort, stands an
text: altar covered with a lace tablecloth and littered with a
text: childish jumble of plates, candles, little colored stones and
text: bottles. Before this altar stands the Houngan, the high
text: priest of the voodoo ceremonies, a small, stoop-shouldered
text: man in a worn, white coat and trousers with ragged cuffs.
text: Several mild-looking negroes in white trousers and shirts sit
text: in kitchen chairs on one side of the altar with rada drums
text: between their knees. Grouped around this altar in a loose
text: semicircle are the worshippers, a group of mild-mannered,
text: poorly-but-neatly-dressed negroes. They seem to have made an
dialog: effort to dress in their best and their best is very poor
text: indeed. As Betsy approaches, she can see familiar faces.
text: As she comes up they turn and look at her. They are not
text: hostile nor greatly surprised; just mildly curious. Leading
text: Jessica by the hand, Betsy takes her place at one end of the
text: semicircle around the altar. Her arrival has in no way
text: interrupted the ceremonies. The Houngan continues to chant
text: before the altar, the rada drums beat and the crowd sings the
text: chorus of the Shango song at the proper intervals. It is all
text: very decorous and decidedly religious in tone. No sooner has
text: Betsy taken her place with the others than the Shango ritual
text: approaches its climax. The Sabreur, a colored man dressed in
text: white shirt and trousers, with a neat dark tie knotted under
text: his collar, comes in, bearing a sabre in his right hand,
text: holding it in stately, almost processional manner. He
text: advances to the altar, strikes it three times and at this
text: signal two colored women dressed in white beguine dresses
text: with square cut necks, an essential part of this religious
text: costume, come forward. One holds a white leghorn chicken and
text: the other carries a white rooster. They come together to the
text: altar and for a moment, the figures of the Houngan, the
text: Sabreur and the two Mam-Lois hide the actual blood sacrifice
dialog: from us. Only the fact that the drumming and the singing
text: reach a climactic pitch reveal that some Important portion of
text: the ceremony has taken place. Instantly the drumming and the
text: singing stops. A young colored girl jumps up from her seat
text: among the worshippers and begins shivering and quaking,
text: crying out wordlessly. There is a cry from the people.
speaker_heading: THE PEOPLE
dialog: Put the god in her! Put the god in
dialog: her!
text: The Houngan prances forward, followed by the Sabreur. The
text: Houngan holds a little saucer in his hand with some dark
text: liquid at the bottom of it. He dips four fingers into this
text: liquid while the girl quivers and writhes before him in
text: religious ecstasy. He marks her forehead with four strange
text: marks, one with each finger. The Sabreur, crying out the
text: name of Shango, four times, points his sabre to the four
text: directions of the compass. There is an immediate
text: transformation in the girl. Her frenzy ceases. She seems to
text: be filled with a jubilant calm and dances into the cleared
text: space before the altar. Her words are no longer meaningless.
text: They have taken shape and form and, when she speaks, she
text: speaks with great resonance as if her voice came from
text: somewhere other than her own throat. She is possessed by the
dialog: god, Shango.
text: One by one, people from among the group of devotees dance
text: into the circle, go up to her and beg for favors. One woman
text: leads a little boy up to her. We hear her words as she calls
text: out to the possessed girl:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Make him rich, Shango! Make him
dialog: rich!
text: The girl lays her fingers on the boy's eyes, and then takes
text: his shoulders and turns him around three times, Evidently
dialog: this is absolute guarantee of an enormous income tax to be
text: paid at St. Sebastian. The woman and her son retire happily,
text: pleased and grinning. Finally, exhausted, the girl possessed
text: of the god, Shango, sinks to her knees and then falls
text: fainting to the floor. Two colored men come in, carry her
text: away. A great cry rises from the voodoo worshippers.
speaker_heading: WORSHIPPERS
dialog: Damballa! Damballa! Damballa!
dialog: Damballa!
text: The drums find a new rhythm. The Houngan retires to one
text: corner of the altar; the Sabreur to the other. Two young
text: girls, their beguine dresses slashed and torn, dance in from
text: either side. This is a wild and an impassioned dance, a
text: dance to Damballa. There is no singing, only an occasional
text: call from the crowd, "Come to us, Damballa!" The dancers
text: reach the climax of their dance and strike a plastic pose
text: before the altar, each kneeling on one knee, their arms held
text: to their breasts, their foreheads butted together. Although
text: not a muscle moves, one can almost feel the tension of these
text: two bodies. One of the rada drummers comes up and crouches
text: down holding a small drum almost under the chins of the two
dialog: girls.
text: The other drummers stop playing and he begins to beat a quick
text: staccato rhythm that grows faster and faster. In this
text: playing, as in the pose of the girls, there is tremendous
text: tension. By now all cries have ceased. Everyone is silent,
text: waiting. Then suddenly, from behind the closed and curiously
text: painted door of the inner Houmfort, a voice speaks. A voice
text: that is light, pleasant and authoritative.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (muffled by the door)
dialog: Where are my people? Let them
dialog: bring me the rice cakes -- let them
dialog: dance and be happy --
text: There is a great ecstatic shout from the voodoo worshippers.
scene_heading: VOODOO WORSHIPPERS
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Damballa! Damballa!
text: The Sabreur dances forward, sword in his left hand and a
text: little plate with rice cakes, in his right. He kneels down
text: and places the plate near the door jamb. A line forms at the
text: door. Betsy leading Jessica by the hand takes her place with
text: the rest. She is third in the line of suppliants. She can
text: see the whole procedure. The suppliant places his forehead
text: against the forehead of the god painted on the door, and
text: speaks. The first suppliant is a weary-looking field hand
text: who shuffles to the door and speaks in such a low tone that
text: his words cannot be heard. The second suppliant is an old
text: woman, thin and work-worn. She speaks sincerely and humbly
text: and Betsy, directly behind her, hears her words.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Damballa -- my son don't take care
dialog: of me.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF DAMBALLA
dialog: Tell him his own little son will
dialog: grow big. He, himself, will grow
text: old. The son learns from the
dialog: father. One day your son may stand
dialog: here to complain that his boy does
dialog: not take care of him.
text: The old woman turns away, comforted -- hopeful. Betsy looks
text: at her. She can see tears in the old woman's eyes. With
text: Jessica's hand in hers, Betsy takes her place at the door.
text: She puts her forehead against the crudely painted forehead of
text: the god. She talks to the door.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Damballa! This woman is sick.
text: The door swings open slowly. The feeble light of the outer
text: Houmfort does not penetrate the darkness of the inner temple.
text: A hand reaches out from the darkness and takes Betsy's hand
text: and draws her in. The Houngan follows Betsy into the temple.
text: The door shuts behind him. Jessica remains outside, standing
text: before the door.
scene_heading: INT. INNER HOUMFORT - NIGHT
text: A match flares and a hand brings it forward to light an oil
text: lamp which flares brightly, revealing a little room of
text: whitewashed boards, bare except for a table on which stands a
text: small iron tripod from which an iron pot is suspended.
text: Although there is no fire under the pot, the steam rises from
text: this receptacle and water boils and bubbles in it.
text: It is the Houngan who has lit the lamp and, on the other side
text: of the table is Mrs. Rand. Her face is serious and unsmiling.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (starting forward around
dialog: the table)
dialog: Mrs. Rand.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Wait. Don't draw any conclusions.
dialog: Let me explain.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: But, Mrs. Rand --
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: I knew you'd come. And I knew I'd
dialog: have to come up here and talk to
dialog: you. I couldn't let you go back
dialog: without any word. I came to tell
dialog: you again -- Jessica cannot be
dialog: cured.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: But how did you get here? What
dialog: are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: I asked you to let me explain. It's a
dialog: long story. And not an easy one --
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUMFORT - NIGHT
text: Jessica stands patiently where Betsy had left her. The
text: Sabreur and two Mam-Lois stand near her looking at her and
text: talking. We cannot hear what they say. The drumming and the
text: song of joy for the coming of Damballa continue over the
text: scene. Suddenly, as if he had arrived at some decision, the
text: Sabreur, holding his sword stiffly in front of him, starts
text: toward Jessica with little mincing steps.
scene_heading: INT. INNER HOUMFORT -- NIGHT
text: Mrs. Rand, as if continuing with something she has been
dialog: talking about for a long time --
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: -- and when my husband died I felt
dialog: helpless. They disobeyed me --
dialog: things went from bad to worse. All
dialog: my husband's dreams of good health,
dialog: good sanitation, good morals for
dialog: these sweet and gentle people
text: seemed to die with him.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Then, almost accidentally, I
dialog: discovered the secret of how to
dialog: deal with them. There was a girl
dialog: with a baby -- again and again I
dialog: begged her to boil the drinking
dialog: water. She never would. Then I told
dialog: her the god, Shango, would be
dialog: pleased and kill the evil spirits
dialog: in the water if she boiled it. She
dialog: boiled the water from then on.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: But you didn't have to come up
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Perhaps not. But I did come here
dialog: and I found it was so simple to let
dialog: the gods speak through me. Once
dialog: started, it seemed such an easy way
dialog: to do good. I should have known
dialog: there was no easy way to do good,
dialog: Betsy.
text: PAGE MISSING WHERE THE SABREUR CUTS JESSICA'S ARM AND SHE
text: DOES NOT BLEED. THE WORSHIPPERS REALIZE SHE IS A "ZOMBIE".
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Betsy! Get her away -- back to the
dialog: Fort! Do as I say -- they won't
dialog: hurt you.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - SHOOTING TOWARD the inner Houmfort. Betsy
text: runs out from the doorway, takes hold of Jessica's arm and
text: starts running with her. There is a movement in the crowd as
text: if they were about to follow her. From the doorway of the
text: inner Houmfort, the Houngan calls out:
speaker_heading: HOUNGAN
dialog: Trouble. Bad trouble. Let her go.
text: The crowd subsides.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. THE BANYAN TREE -- NIGHT
text: Betsy and Jessica pass quickly under the dead goat, on their
dialog: way home.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN AT FORT HOLLAND -- NIGHT
text: Betsy comes out of the tower door, closing it behind her very
text: quietly and cautiously. She starts across the garden toward
text: her room. From the shadows, Holland steps out barring her
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Where have you been, Miss Connell?
text: There is a pause. Holland stands looking at her, taking in
text: her bedraggled appearance.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: I wanted to help you.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Help me? How?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I took Mrs. Holland to the
dialog: Houmfort. I thought they might
dialog: cure her.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: You have deliberately endangered
dialog: Mrs. Holland's life. There's no
dialog: telling what you may have started
dialog: with this insanity. Why did you do
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (in a low tone)
dialog: I told you.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Because you wanted to give my wife
dialog: back to me? Why should that mean
dialog: anything to you?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (not looking at him)
dialog: You know why. You saw it the other
dialog: night at the piano. You turned
dialog: away from me.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
text: (putting his hand on her
text: shoulder, looking into
dialog: her face very closely)
dialog: What I saw the other night, I
dialog: didn't dare believe, Betsy --
text: Betsy tries to turn away from him. He grips her shoulders
dialog: tightly.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: I thought I was looking at a woman
dialog: who loved me and had compassion for
dialog: me. Yet you made that trip to the
dialog: Houmfort to bring Jessica back to
dialog: me --
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Yes.
text: Holland pulls her close to him, looks down into her eyes.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: You think I love Jessica and want
dialog: her back. It is like you to think
dialog: that -- clean, decent thinking.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (simply)
dialog: She was beautiful.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I hated her.
text: Betsy looks up at him, astounded by his words.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: Her selfishness made her empty and
dialog: dead. She was a possession, a
dialog: beautiful possession to own and
dialog: hold -- but I never had a moment's
dialog: peace or happiness with her.
text: They stand there, close together, looking at each other.
text: Suddenly Holland puts her arms around her.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: Betsy --
text: She lifts her face, with a smile of complete love and trust.
text: Holland studies her face longingly, but does not kiss her.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: I should never have brought you
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: There's no happiness for me
dialog: anywhere else --
text: Holland shakes his head slowly, hopelessly.
speaker_heading: BETSY (cont'd)
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Paul, I don't want you to be alone,
dialog: unhappy --
text: Holland lets his arms drop from about her shoulders.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: I may prefer it that way.
text: They stand looking at each other. The garden is still with
text: the dead, heavy stillness of their hopelessness. Then, from
text: the direction of the Houmfort, there is the sound of a single
text: conch blowing, loudly and insistent, a thinner, higher call
dialog: than we have heard before.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- FORT HOLLAND -- DAY
text: Mrs. Rand, in a simple afternoon dress, is seated on the
text: sofa. Before her is a coffee table with a silver tea
text: service. She is engaged in pouring tea. Betsy is beside her
text: helping her. Rand, in working clothes, is in an armchair
text: near the sofa with a highball in his hand. Also seated, and
text: facing Mrs. Rand and Betsy, is Dr. Maxwell and Commissioner
text: Jeffries. The latter is a dignified man of early middle-age.
text: He is dressed in a light business suit. At the window, at
text: the rear of the room, stands Holland, talking with a Priest.
text: As the scene opens, Mrs. Rand fills a teacup and holds it up
text: toward Holland. He comes toward her to pick up the cup, the
text: Priest walking with him. As they walk, Holland speaks:
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: But I assure you, Father Walters,
dialog: Miss Connell had no idea of the
dialog: consequences when she went there.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: Paul, we're not trying to blame
dialog: Miss Connell. It isn't a question
dialog: of blame. It's a question of what
dialog: we are to do with Jessica. The
dialog: commissioner is very concerned.
speaker_heading: JEFFRIES
text: It has become a serious problem.
dialog: There's so much gossip, rumor and
dialog: agitation about the whole thing.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I know. We've felt it at the mill.
dialog: The men could hardly keep their
text: minds on their work.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Well, Jeffries, why come to us
dialog: about it? Why don't you go up to
dialog: the Houmfort and put a stop to the
dialog: drumming and dancing -- that's what
dialog: causes all the trouble.
speaker_heading: JEFFRIES
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No. You're quite wrong. Right
dialog: here's the seat of the trouble.
text: Mrs. Holland has become an object
dialog: of speculation and religious
dialog: interest to these people. It's
dialog: revived all their old superstitions
dialog: -- Zombies -- and that sort of
dialog: nonsense.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: I wouldn't worry too much,
dialog: Commissioner. It'll pass. We've
dialog: had this sort of thing before.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: This is something else. They're
dialog: curious. Curiosity and religious
text: fervor make a strange and explosive
dialog: mixture.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: I'm quite sure nothing will happen,
dialog: Doctor.
speaker_heading: JEFFRIES
dialog: If I were as sure as you, Mrs.
dialog: Rand, we wouldn't be here. I'll
dialog: tell you quite bluntly: for the
dialog: peace of the island and possibly
dialog: for her own safety, we've come to
dialog: ask you to send Mrs. Holland away
dialog: to St. Thomas.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: To the asylum?
speaker_heading: JEFFRIES
dialog: I believe there's a kinder name for
dialog: it, Wesley. At St. Thomas, it's called the
dialog: Institute for Mental Therapy.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: It doesn't matter what you call it.
dialog: I can tell you right now Jessica
dialog: isn't going!
text: Dr. Maxwell looks first at him, then at Holland, then back to
dialog: Rand.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: Fortunately, Wesley, this isn't a
dialog: matter for your decision.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: You mean to say Paul can send her
dialog: away -- that he can hand her over
dialog: to strangers -- who'll shut her up
dialog: - maybe mistreat her? He hasn't
dialog: that right!
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: (trying to calm him)
dialog: Wesley!
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: I am afraid, Wesley, he has that
dialog: right. And I will have to urge him
dialog: to use it.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: I tell you he hasn't and he
dialog: wouldn't dare use it if he had.
speaker_heading: JEFFRIES
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Because he drove Jessica insane --
dialog: deliberately -- coldly!
text: They all look at Holland. There is a long and awkward pause.
text: Holland makes no move to deny by word or gesture his
text: brother's accusation. Finally, however, he breaks the pause
text: by bringing the teacup to his lips.
speaker_heading: JEFFRIES
dialog: That could be a serious accusation,
dialog: Rand, if it weren't a foolish one.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Foolish? Tell them how foolish it
dialog: is, Paul -- tell them!
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (very calmly but with a
dialog: little uncertainty)
dialog: My guilt in this matter, if any,
dialog: Wesley, is not the subject of this
dialog: discussion.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: But it is, Paul! Because that's
dialog: why you won't dare send Jessica
dialog: away!
text: Holland empties his teacup. Carrying the teacup and saucer
text: very carefully, he walks across to the table in front of
text: Betsy, and sets it down. Betsy looks at him. It is on her
dialog: look, questioning and puzzled, that we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. INNER HOUMFORT -- DAY
text: Although it is broad daylight, the Inner Houmfort is lit with
text: a rush light which burns weakly. The ceremonial pot of
text: boiling water has been removed from the table and, in its
text: place, squatting cross-legged like a tailor, sits the
text: Sabreur. With one hand he holds upright a small, cheaply-made
text: bisque doll, with flaxen hair. It is dressed in a little
text: white slip. From under the table rim, two dark feminine
text: hands come up to put a white robe on the doll. The moment
text: this garment has been draped on the little doll, a rada drum
text: begins to beat softly in a corner of the room.
text: THE CAMERA DRAWS BACK to reveal that one of the girls who
text: danced in the voodoo ceremony is kneeling before the table.
text: It is her hands which have dressed the doll. There are about
text: five people in the room, including the three drummers. The
text: Sabreur makes magical passes over the doll.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. GATES OF FORT HOLLAND -- DAY
text: Betsy and Holland are standing in the gateway. The CAMERA is
text: POINTED TOWARD the garden. On the porch in the b.g. we can
dialog: see Mrs. Rand.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I still can't believe it Paul --
dialog: that you wouldn't say a word in
dialog: your own defense.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I have no defense. So far as I
dialog: know -- it is true.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You can't believe that. You don't
dialog: know what viciousness it would take
dialog: to drive a person mad. You're not
dialog: vicious or cruel, Paul.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: How do you know I'm not? I was
dialog: cruel to Jessica. When I got to
dialog: know her -- when I found out how
dialog: empty and ungenerous she was, there
dialog: was something about her --
dialog: something smooth and false -- that
dialog: made we want to hurt her.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I can understand that. Everyone
dialog: feels that way about someone.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: No. It's not just how I felt
dialog: toward Jessica. I've been cruel to
dialog: even you.
text: Besty, smiling, shakes her head.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: The first night I saw you -- you
dialog: were looking at the sea. You were
dialog: enchanted -- and I had to break
dialog: that enchantment. Do you
dialog: understand, Betsy -- I had to break
dialog: it!
text: Betsy is shaken by this, but she tries to put it aside.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You wanted to warn me...
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (disregarding her words)
dialog: The night you came to me in this
dialog: room -- to comfort me, to help me --
dialog: I turned you away.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Don't, Paul -- don't doubt yourself
dialog: -- don't make me doubt you.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I remember words I said to Jessica
dialog: - words mixed like to poison -- to
dialog: hurt her, to madden her.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: That's past -- that's over and done
dialog: with...
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I want you to be safe, Betsy. I
dialog: want to know you're away from this
dialog: place -- home again, where nothing
dialog: can harm you -- nothing and no one.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You want that?
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Yes.
text: They stand looking at each other in silence.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORCH -- DAY
text: Mrs. Rand is seated in an easy chair, obviously enjoying an
text: interlude of leisure. Clement comes from the house, bringing
text: her a bulky newspaper, still in its mail wrapper.
speaker_heading: CLEMENT
dialog: Would you like to see the paper,
dialog: Mrs. Rand?
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: This is our newest one.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Thank you , Clement!
text: She takes it and starts slitting the wrapper eagerly.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GARDEN AT FORT HOLLAND -- DAY
text: Betsy and Holland start across the garden to the porch.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORCH -- DAY
text: Mrs. Rand seems them and waves a section of the paper in
dialog: welcome.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: You're just in time. Will you join
dialog: me in the Sunday paper?
text: Betsy and Holland sink into porch chairs, looking grateful
text: for the shade. Betsy takes off her hat and tosses it onto
text: the coffee table.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Considering that the paper is three
dialog: months old and this isn't Sunday --
dialog: no thank you.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I guess I'll wait until I'm home,
dialog: Mrs. Rand.
text: Mrs. Rand looks at a page of rotogravure section.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: (casually)
dialog: That's a long wait...
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I'm afraid not. Betsy's leaving
dialog: us, Mother.
text: Mrs. Rand puts down the paper and looks at them, startled.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: She's decided to go on the next
dialog: boat.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Why, Betsy -- we can't lose you.
dialog: You mean too much to us here.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: That's sweet of you, Mrs. Rand.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Betsy feels there is nothing she
dialog: can do for Jessica...
speaker_heading: PAGE MISSING
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN AT FORT HOLLAND -- DAY
text: Rand and Dr. Maxwell come through the gate and walk up the
text: garden path. As they do so, Mrs. Rand comes down the porch
text: steps. Betsy and Holland follow her.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Dr. Maxwell -- it's nice to see
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Dr. Maxwell has very unpleasant
dialog: news for us.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: An accident at the mill?
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: No -- it's about Mrs. Holland. A
dialog: result of our discussion the other
dialog: day, I'm afraid.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: What about her?
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: In view of all the circumstances,
dialog: the commissioner has decided on a
dialog: legal investigation.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Investigation of what?
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: Of the nature of Mrs. Holland's
dialog: illness. And, of course, the
dialog: events which led up to it.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: In other words, I'm on trial.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: I did everything I could to
dialog: forestall this, Paul. I don't
dialog: think there's any question of your
dialog: innocence in the matter. But
dialog: there's been too much talk. The
dialog: thing's out of hand.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Maybe it's better this way, Mother.
dialog: I'm glad you're going home, Betsy --
dialog: you'll be out of the mess.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: But she isn't. She's been
text: subpoenaed.
text: Holland turns to the Doctor, his face stricken.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: Miss Connell's testimony will be
dialog: very important.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I would have stayed anyway, Dr.
dialog: Maxwell.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: We're all in it. There won't be a
text: shred of pride or decency left for
dialog: any of use.
dialog: (violently)
dialog: Say something, Paul! You've always
dialog: been good with words. Put some
dialog: together, now, and tell us that
dialog: you're not responsible -- that
dialog: every damnable bit of it doesn't
dialog: rest squarely on your shoulders!
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: You're wrong, Wesley. The guilt is
dialog: mine -- all of it.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Are you going to lie for him,
dialog: Mother?
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Betsy, tell them about the
dialog: Houmfort. Tell them what you saw
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (protestingly)
dialog: Mrs. Rand...
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: You must, Betsy. They'll have to
dialog: believe you.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Mrs. Rand was at the Houmfort that
dialog: night. But there's nothing wrong
dialog: with that. She's gone there for
dialog: years -- trying to take care of
dialog: those people, to help them.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: I don't understand...
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: I think I do.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I've often talked a little voodoo
dialog: to get medicine down a patient's
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: It's more than that, Doctor. I've
dialog: entered into their ceremonies -
dialog: pretended to be possessed by their
dialog: gods...
text: They stare at her, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND (cont'd)
dialog: But what I did to Jessica was worse
dialog: than that. It was when she going
dialog: away with Wesley. There was that
dialog: horrible scene.
text: She turns to Rand.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND (cont'd)
dialog: You thought she loved you, didn't
dialog: you? She didn't. She didn't love
dialog: anyone except herself -- her
text: reflection in the mirror, the look
text: she could bring into a man's eyes.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: That isn't true. You never
dialog: understood her.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: (disregarding his protest)
dialog: That night, I went to the Houmfort.
dialog: I kept seeing Jessica's face --
text: smiling -- smiling because two men
dialog: hated each other -- because she was
dialog: beautiful enough to take my family
text: in her hands and break it apart.
text: The drums seemed to be beating in
dialog: my head. The chanting -- the
dialog: lights -- everything blurred
dialog: together. And then I heard a
text: voice, speaking in a sudden
dialog: silence. My voice. I was
dialog: possessed. I said that the woman
dialog: at Fort Holland was evil and that
dialog: the Houngan must maker her a
dialog: Zombie.
text: Dr. Maxwell has been studying Mrs. Rand with a curious,
text: intent expression.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: And what happened then, Mrs. Rand?
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: (unsteadily)
dialog: I hated myself. I kept saying to
dialog: myself over and over again that
dialog: these people had no power; they had
dialog: no strange drugs; that there is no
dialog: such thing as a Zombie.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: Ah -- that's where reason took
dialog: hold.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: Yes, I said it, and I made myself
dialog: believe it. But when I got here,
dialog: Jessica was already raging with
dialog: fever.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: Two things had happened, Mrs. Rand.
dialog: One was that your daughter-in-law
dialog: had been taken ill with a fever.
dialog: The other thing -- completely
dialog: disconnected -- was that you had
dialog: wished her ill, because she had
dialog: hurt your sons.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: But I had no thought of harming
dialog: her. It wasn't I...
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: You were possessed. That is true --
dialog: possessed by your subconscious
dialog: mind. You were in the Houmfort,
text: surrounded by their symbols. To
dialog: them, nothing worse can happen to a
dialog: person than to be made into a
dialog: Zombie. Your subconscious mind
dialog: used their own words for evil.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: Dr. Maxwell is right, Mother.
speaker_heading: DR. MAXWELL
dialog: (gently and kindly)
dialog: Emotion tricks all of us, Mrs.
dialog: Rand. And you are a woman with a
dialog: very strong conscience. That
dialog: conscience has been tormenting you.
dialog: The rest is coincidence. There is
dialog: no such thing as a Zombie. The
text: dead do not come back to life.
dialog: Death is final.
text: From the hills comes the sound of a single conch, loud and
dialog: thin.
text: The CAMERA PANS from the group around Mrs. Rand to the tower
text: door. Jessica walks out of it and comes slowly past the
dialog: fountain.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUMFORT -- NIGHT
text: The CAMERA IS FOCUSED ON a little five-and-ten-cent store
text: doll about three inches high. It is dressed in a crude
text: imitation of Jessica's loose, belted, white gown. A thread
text: is tied around it and this thread leads off, taut.
text: The CAMERA PANS ALONG the thread to show us that the other
text: end of the thread, some twenty feet long, is held by a negro,
text: crouched near the altar. Halfway between this man and the
text: doll, the Sabreur, his sword stuck in the mound before him,
text: straddles the thread, his hands clasped around the thread but
text: not touching it. Carre-Four stands watching.
text: The conch is blowing its strange, magnetic call and the
text: negroes are chanting as they watch the Sabreur and the doll.
text: The Sabreur makes motions as if he were pulling on the thread
text: but still does no touch it. He makes these motions over and
text: over again. The doll moves slowly. Then suddenly stops.
text: The Sabreur's most frantic efforts fail to move it.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. THE GARDEN -- NIGHT
text: ANOTHER ANGLE -- Jessica comes slowly past the fountain.
speaker_heading: RAND'S VOICE
dialog: Jessica!
text: She does not seem to hear but continues walking toward the
text: gate. We hear the sound of running feet. Holland and Betsy
text: run up to Jessica. Holland takes her arm, but she continues
text: to walk forward. He tries to hold her. It is apparent he
text: cannot do so without the use of considerable force.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Jessica! Jessica!
text: She pays no attention but continues to move forward toward
text: the gate. Betsy, realizing that is something outside of her
dialog: previous experiences with the woman, has the presence of mind
text: to run forward and slam shut the great wrought-iron gate.
text: Jessica walks up against the gate and stands there, unable to
text: move any further. They stand and look at her perplexed.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUMFORT -- NIGHT
text: The doll has stopped moving. The Sabreur is exerting all his
text: force. We can see the sweat soaking his white shirt. The
text: others are chanting, louder now, swaying in rhythm with his
text: pulling movements. The conch is being blown with a more
text: insistent and compelling note. Still, the doll-figure
text: refuses to move. The Sabreur stops. The conches are
text: suddenly silenced.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN GATE -- NIGHT
text: In this sudden silence, Holland and Jessica look at each
text: other across the motionless figure of Jessica.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: The Houmfort -- they're trying to
dialog: get her back there.
text: Betsy and Holland look at each other. Then Betsy takes
text: Jessica's arm.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Come with me, Jessica.
text: Obedient again, Jessica allows Betsy to turn her around and
text: lead her back to the open tower door. As Betsy and Jessica
text: go into the bedroom, the door closes behind them.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUMFORT -- EARLY EVENING
text: CLOSE SHOT of an enormous black hand. The fingers of this
text: hand are spread out limply. On this hand stands the little
text: five-and-ten-cent store doll which represents Jessica. From
text: beneath this hand, another smaller black hand comes in and
text: closes the great fingers around the doll.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to show the exterior of the Houmfort.
text: The light is fading. The posts of the Houmfort and the
text: figures of several voodoo worshippers are outlined in
text: silhouette against the darkening sky. A single rada drum is
text: being beaten in light, quick rhythm. Someone sets fire to a
text: heaped-up bonfire of dry leaves. The flames blazing up
text: illuminate the scene more clearly, so that we can see a small
text: group of voodoo adepts squatting on their heels in a ring
text: around the bonfire. Near the bonfire stand Carre-Four and
text: the Sabreur, with the drummer crouched behind them. The
text: Sabreur takes the doll from Carre-Four's hand and holds it a
text: foot or so away from him. The great black hand reaches for
text: it. Again the Sabreur takes the doll away and dances off
text: with mincing steps to a distance of a few yards. Carre-Four
text: lumbers after him, his hand extended. Again, the Sabreur
text: lets him take the doll.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Carre-Four's hand with the doll upon it. From
text: underneath, the smaller hand of the Sabreur comes in and
text: closes the great black fingers over the little white doll.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. MRS. HOLLAND'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: The room is in darkness. In the faint light from the barred
text: windows, we see Betsy sleeping on the chaise lounge. A
text: shadow moves across her face. Through the window, we see the
text: great, cadaverous figure of Carre-Four. His hand closes
text: around the bars, his face presses against them. Then he lets
text: go of the bars and slips out of sight. His figure reappears
text: at the next window. Again, he tries the bars and peers into
text: the room. Again, he vanishes in the darkness. We hear a
text: faint sound from the tower. Betsy wakens. Her eyes go
text: quickly to the bed, where the outline of Jessica's figure
text: reassures her. There is another muffled, dragging sound from
text: the tower. Betsy sits up, listens intently. She gets up and
text: goes toward the door leading into the tower. At the foot of
text: Jessica's bed, she stops to grab up Jessica's white negligee,
text: throwing it around her she continues to the door and opens it
text: slowly and cautiously.
scene_heading: INT. THE GROUND FLOOR OF THE TOWER -- NIGHT
text: Betsy steps into the lower tower room. The thick blackness
text: of the place is faintly lit by the open door into Jessica's
text: windowed bedroom. She stands at the foot of the circling
text: stone stairs, straining to see into the darkness above.
text: Overhead, there is a sudden commotion of wings and shrilling
text: - something has disturbed the bats. Very slowly and
text: hesitantly, Betsy moves up a few steps.
text: The CAMERA PANS UP from Betsy, around the circling walls of
text: the stairs, to where the sharp blade of light from the slit
text: window of the tower strikes across the wall. A big black
text: hand slides down the shaft of light. The CAMERA PANS BACK to
text: Betsy. She can see nothing, but she hears the dry,
text: whispering sound of the hand moving along the wall. She
text: backs down the few steps and across to the tower door leading
text: to the garden.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GARDEN AT FORT HOLLAND -- NIGHT
text: Betsy slips out of the tower door. She stands irresolutely
text: by the fountain, watching and listening. She can see nothing
text: in the black patch of the open tower door. She walks slowly
text: into the garden. There is a faint sound behind her.
text: Fearfully, Betsy looks back across her shoulder. She sees a
text: shadow slip into the deeper shadows of the fountain, merge
text: with them. Quickly she moves behind a tall shrub, looks
text: again toward the tower. She sees nothing.
text: A CLOSE SHOT of the fountain shows the surface of the water
text: in the cistern broken by a spreading ring of ripples. Taut
text: with fear, Betsy leaves the shadow of the tall shrub and
text: slips over to a bush nearer the living room porch. As if in
text: answer to this move, a whispering rustle comes from the
text: screen of bamboo against the tower-wing of the house. She
text: stares toward the bamboo. She sees nothing.
text: A CLOSE SHOT of the bamboo shows the leaves trembling
text: slightly. Betsy looks across the empty, defenseless space
text: between herself and the porch steps. Steeling herself, she
text: moves into it, walking with the slowness of nightmare fear,
text: looking from side to side with the slightest possible move of
text: her head. At the foot of the steps, she turns to look back
text: at the bamboo. A distorted shadow slithers out from under
text: the stalks. Her panic released, Betsy runs up the steps,
text: down the shadowy porch to the door of Holland's bedroom.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (in a very low, choked
dialog: cry)
dialog: Paul...Paul...
text: She flings herself against the door, turns the handle, and
text: runs into the room, closes the door behind her. Into the
text: space before the porch steps moves the great gaunt figure of
dialog: Carre-Four. This is our first full sight of him in the
text: scene. He is bare to the waist, wearing only a pair of dark,
text: ragged trousers. He starts up the steps.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH -- NIGHT
text: Betsy comes out of the door to Holland's bedroom, followed by
text: Holland who has put on a robe. In a CLOSE SHOT, we see the
text: shock that springs into their two faces as they see Carre
text: Four facing them across the length of the porch, moving
text: toward them, a single slow step at a time. As Carre-Four
text: sees Betsy's white-clad figure, his hands come up slowly from
dialog: his sides.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND
dialog: You! What are you doing here?
text: Carre-Four continues his slow, implacable move forward. His
text: lifted hands start reaching outward.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: Get out of here.
text: Carre-Four comes on relentlessly, his great arms outstretched
text: toward Betsy, the enormous hands curving to seize her. Fear
text: comes into Holland's face. With a quick gesture, he presses
text: Betsy back and steps in front of her.
speaker_heading: HOLLAND (cont'd)
dialog: (a little uncertainly)
dialog: Get out of here --
text: Carre-Four is almost upon them. His shoulders press forward
text: as he reaches out.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND
dialog: (quiet, with great
dialog: authority)
dialog: Carre-Four!
text: The single word freezes Carre-Four into immobility.
text: Astounded, Betsy and Holland turn to see Mrs. Rand at the far
text: end of the porch -- her face and hair pale above a dark, coat
dialog: like robe.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND (cont'd)
dialog: Carre-Four. Go back.
text: Slowly, the giant figure obeys. Carre-Four turns to face
text: her. His hands relax, his arms fall to his sides again.
text: In his blind fashion, Carre-Four moves back across the porch,
text: turns and goes down the steps to the garden. Holland, who
text: has been watching this transfixed, starts after him.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND (cont'd)
dialog: Paul!
text: Holland pauses at the head of the stairs and turns to her.
speaker_heading: MRS. RAND (cont'd)
dialog: Let him go. Don't touch him, don't
dialog: try to stop him!
text: Betsy has come down the porch behind Holland and she and Mrs.
text: Rand stand together. All three of them look into the garden.
text: Carre-Four slips through the gates and is immediately lost to
text: sight in the darkness of the road beyond.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. BETSY'S BEDROOM -- DAY
text: As Betsy steps into her room, she sees Rand standing by one
text: of the windows. In his face and his posture are complete
text: dejection, utter misery.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Betsy, can I talk to you a minute?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (with quiet sympathy)
dialog: Of course, Wes.
text: She waits, inquiringly. Rand takes a few steps into the room
text: and turns to stare through the door, across the garden to
text: Jessica's room.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Does she suffer? Does she know
dialog: what she is?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (trying to ease the truth)
dialog: I once asked Dr. Maxwell the same
dialog: question. He said he thought she
dialog: was like a sleepwalker who would
dialog: never waken.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: She hated sleep. She used to say
dialog: it was a thief -- stealing away her
dialog: life, an hour at a time...
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (trying to speak lightly)
dialog: Not to a nurse. Sleep is a cure.
text: Betsy crosses to the dressing table and takes a small cotton
text: stoppered bottle from a drawer. She pulls out the cotton and
text: shakes two little pills into her hand.
speaker_heading: BETSY (cont'd)
dialog: (going to Rand)
dialog: In fact, I'm prescribing sleep for
dialog: you right now.
text: She puts them into his hand.
speaker_heading: BETSY (cont'd)
dialog: Be a good patient. Take these and
dialog: go to bed.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: She's dead. The dead ought to be
dialog: buried.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: But she's not dead, Wes.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (violently)
dialog: You know what she is! That's death
dialog: -- no mind, no senses -- no love,
dialog: no hate, no feeling -- nothing!
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Please, Wes, do as I ask. You must
dialog: rest, you must sleep.
text: Rand turns his hand and lets the tablets fall to the floor.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: (dully)
dialog: She should have rest.
dialog: (looking up at Betsy)
dialog: She shouldn't have to walk and
text: walk, in that black emptiness.
dialog: (with realization)
dialog: You could set her free.
dialog: You could give her rest. You could
dialog: give her rest.
text: Betsy, alarmed and troubled, puts her hand on his arm.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Don't think of it, Wes. I couldn't
dialog: do that.
text: Rand turns and takes hold of her arm pleadingly, urgently.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: You could do it. You have drugs --
dialog: it would be so quick -- a single
dialog: injection. If you won't do it for
dialog: her sake, do it for Paul.
text: Betsy shakes her head.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: No, Wes.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: Jessica was never any good for
dialog: Paul. You will be, you are. And
dialog: Mother -- seeing Jessica day after
dialog: day -- never able to escape, never
dialog: able to forget. Please, Betsy --
dialog: it's only merciful.
text: He looks into her eyes and sees the finality of her refusal
text: there. His hand drops from her arm and he turns away.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (with great pity)
text: Her heart beats, Wes. She
dialog: breathes. That's life -- I once
dialog: took an oath to guard life.
text: Rand straightens up and takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: RAND
dialog: I know. I shouldn't have asked it.
text: He starts slowly to the open door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. HOUMFORT -- NIGHT
text: The Houngan and the Sabreur are working over the doll again.
text: It begins to move.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN -- NIGHT
text: SHOOTING TOWARD the gates from behind Rand where he still
text: sits at the table. Jessica, dressed in a white nightgown,
text: comes slowly out of the tower and moves toward the gates.
text: Rand watches her. The gate stops her progress.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUMFORT -- NIGHT
text: The doll has stopped despite the frenzied efforts of the
text: Sabreur and the wild chanting of the voodoo adepts. Nothing
text: can make it move again. There is a whispered consultation
text: between the Sabreur and the Houngan. The Houngan lifts his
text: hand and the drums begin to beat a light rapid rhythm.
text: The Sabreur dances toward the doll, making a menacing move
text: with his saber. When he reaches the little image, he puts
text: the point of his saber in the ground and draws from his
text: bodkin, a long needle. With one swift movement, he stabs
text: this through the doll's back.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN -- NIGHT
text: As seen from Rand's ANGLE. He rises slowly, drains the
text: liquor in his glass, walks forward to where Jessica stands at
text: the gate. He looks at her for a long moment and then, as if
text: a resolve had formed in his mind, goes to the statue of St.
text: Sebastian, takes hold of one of the iron arrows. He tugs at
text: it, but it refuses to come free. He puts his foot up on the
text: wooden breast of the statue and gives a hard pull. The long,
text: iron arrow comes out in his hand. With this in his hand, he
text: walks to where Jessica stands. He pulls back the latch bar
text: and throws the gates wide open. Jessica moves out into the
text: darkness. Rand follows her.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD IN FRONT OF FORT HOLLAND -- NIGHT
text: SHOOTING TOWARD the gates. Jessica, followed by Rand, walks
text: into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. HOUMFORT -- NIGHT
text: The kettle of water, without a fire, is still boiling. The
text: CAMERA MOVES AROUND the room to show that it is empty. Then
text: MOVES UP ON a small shelf before which a candle is burning.
text: On this shelf, a few inches above the candle flame, stands
text: the cheap little doll dressed like Jessica, with the needle
text: in its back. Suddenly, the doll falls forward on its face.
scene_heading: EXT. SEASHORE -- DAY FOR NIGHT
text: Rand carrying Jessica's dead body in his arm, comes down to
dialog: the sand.
text: The surf. Rand reverently places the body in the lapping
text: water of the surf. The backward drag of an outgoing wave
text: draws it silently away from him. He watches it go.
text: A returning wave, tall and forward curving, upthrusts the
text: body of Jessica so that we see it in the semi-transparency of
dialog: the wave.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Rand. The body comes floating to his
dialog: feet.
text: Rand carries the body a little further into the surf so that
text: the waves when they come in flow past his knees. Again, the
text: outsurge takes the body away.
text: A returning wave brings Jessica's body back again. (There is
text: a famous painting by Boecklin, called "And the Sea Gave Up
dialog: its Dead" which should somewhat influence the composition of
dialog: this scene.)
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Rand. He walks forward to secure the
text: returning body. This time, he picks it up in his arms and
text: starts wading forward.
text: Rand is walking forward with the body in his arms. The sea
text: is up to his hips. The outgoing surge tugs at him. He
text: struggles to regain his footing, misses and is drawn out to
dialog: sea.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA -- NIGHT -- (PROCESS)
text: The stars seem to have fallen to the surface of the sea. We
text: see lights here and there, only a few feet from the water,
text: flaring and sparkling.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA -- FLOUNDER FISHERMAN -- NIGHT -- (PROCESS)
text: MED. LONG SHOT. This is a closer shot of the scene and
text: identifies the lights. There are torches held in the hands
text: of black fisherman, up to their knees in water, spearing
text: flounders by torch light.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA -- NIGHT -- (PROCESS)
text: CLOSEUP -- flounder fisherman. He is moving slowly through
text: the shallow water his spear raised. Suddenly, he makes a
text: darting strike with his spear. With a cry of triumph, he
text: holds aloft a struggling flounder. He disengages it from the
text: spear and puts it into the sack slung from his belt.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- another fisherman. He, too, is moving
text: stealthily forward, spear poised, torch held low.
text: Something on the surface of the water near-by attracts his
text: attention and he lifts up his torch, the periphery of the
text: light widening as he holds it aloft. The widening light
text: reveals the dead body of Jessica afloat on the surface of the
text: water, pallid and dreamlike, her wet, white garments clinging
text: like cerements. The fisherman looks for a moment at the body
text: and then calls off to one of the other fishermen.
text: LONG SHOT -- flounder fishermen, their lights all converging
text: on a central light.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH -- NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. A group of flounder fishermen come out onto
text: the land. They are carrying the bodies of Jessica and Rand.
text: They start in the direction of Fort Holland.
scene_heading: EXT. GATES AT FORT HOLLAND -- NIGHT
text: The fishermen come in bearing their tragic burdens. Rand's
text: body is carried on the shoulders of four fishermen. Behind
text: walks Carre-Four and in his gigantic arms is the body of
text: Jessica; her wet hair and garments dripping from the great
text: arms of the still-living Zombie. The upheld torches and
text: spears of the fishermen give a weird, processional feeling to
dialog: the group.
scene_heading: EXT. DINING TERRACE -- NIGHT
text: Holland, Betsy and Mrs. Rand stand watching the fishermen
text: bringing in the bodies of the dead. Across the garden from
text: the fountain stands the little group of house servants also
text: watching. The procession passes the fountain of St.
text: Sebastian and the CAMERA GOES IN to show the glistening sad
dialog: face of the saint.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER -- OTTOWA -- DAY
text: The CAMERA, as in the first portion of the script, PANS DOWN
text: the sign, pausing for a moment at the firm name of the
text: Parrish & Burden Sugar Company. Then it CONTINUES ITS
text: DOWNWARD MOVEMENT to disclose a portion of the street itself,
text: In the falling snow Betsy is standing with her back to the
text: camera, looking up at the sign.
speaker_heading: BETSY'S VOICE
dialog: (narration)
dialog: It was a sad time at Fort Holland.
dialog: Mother Rand was completely broken
dialog: by the tragedy. But she's a woman of
dialog: courage. She's begun to build up her
dialog: life again at St. Sebastian -- It's a
dialog: good life and a full one. As for
dialog: Paul and me -- it wasn't a simple
dialog: problem for either of us.
text: A CLOSER SHOT of Betsy as she stands waiting. She is dressed
text: in a fur-collared coat and has a little round fur cap on her
text: head. She looks very attractive and very happy. The door of
text: the office opens and Paul Holland comes out, muffling up his
text: overcoat. Betsy takes a half step to meet him. He takes her
text: arm with a well-used and familiar gesture.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sorry to keep you waiting, darling!
dialog: I thought I'd never get away.
text: Invoices and stock lists piling up
text: all day long. The balmy tropics
dialog: were never like this.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: (giving his arm a little
dialog: squeeze as they start
text: walking toward the
dialog: camera)
dialog: I wouldn't have minded waiting. I
dialog: never mind waiting for you -- only
dialog: we're dining with the Wilkins. I
dialog: don't want it said all over Ottowa
dialog: that the Hollands are always late.
text: They pass the camera which HOLDS for a moment on the sign and
dialog: the falling snow, then we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
