speaker_heading: IDLE HANDS
dialog: by
dialog: Terri Hughes and Ron Milbauer
dialog: Producers:
dialog: Licht/Mueller Flim Corp.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: BOLAN, OREGON -- PRESENT DAY
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A middle-aged, middle-class, woman, NORMA, shuffles through
text: the bedroom door in dusty, once-fluffy slippers, a cup of tea
text: in her hand, calling over her shoulder to her husband:
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Just once a week, Gary. It really
dialog: doesn't cost that much.
text: She turns back the bedspread as GARY follows her in, his bare
text: feet slapping on the hardwood floor.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's a waste.
text: Norma hangs both of their bathrobes from pegs on the door's
text: backside and sets her teacup, still half-full, next to the
text: telephone on a table just inside the door.
text: She faces him.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Betty Johnson won a $500 blackout
dialog: last Saturday.
text: The mattress sags under Gary's weight. He doesn't respond.
text: She climbs into bed beside him.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I'll bet her husband doesn't think
dialog: Bingo's a waste. I'll bet he was
dialog: happy to help spend that $500.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Good night, Norma.
text: He switches the bedside lamp off. In the darkness, they
text: settle back into the pillows and LOOK UP.
text: Scrawled on the ceiling in glow-in-the-dark paint are the
dialog: chilling words:
dialog: I'M UNDER THE BED
text: Norma SCREAMS.
text: Sitting bolt-upright, Gary snaps the lamp back on and puts a
text: steadying hand on his wife's shaking shoulder.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (gruffly)
dialog: That little bastard! If he thinks
dialog: this is funny, I'll make damn sure
text: he thinks again.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: ‘ GARY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Please. Check under the bed.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's a prank, that's all. Anton--
speaker_heading: NORMA
text: Anton hasn't been home all day.
dialog: He didn't do this. Oh, God, Gary,
dialog: what if--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Norma, no one's there, trust me.
text: He swings over the edge of the bed, shoving the overhanging
text: blankets out of his way. Upside-down, he looks under the bed
text: and then hauls himself back up.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Okay? Nada. Now, can we--
text: She gasps, grabbing his arm.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: I heard something downstairs!
text: Gary groans.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Jesus, Norma.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Please? I won't be able to sleep.
speaker_heading: GARY
text: (sighing, exasperated)
dialog: Fine.
text: Getting up, he yanks his bathrobe from its peg and opens the
dialog: door. .
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Be careful.
text: Gary rolls his eyes and heads out.
text: Norma clutches the blanket tight, listening to his footsteps
text: descending the stairs and fading into the house until she
dialog: can't. hear him at all.
text: Alone, she fidgets nervously, looking back up at the céiling.
text: The painted words are invisible in the lamplight.
text: She scoots into the very center of the bed, gathering the
text: covers around her, and calls: .
speaker_heading: NORMA,
dialog: Gary?
text: She listens hard, her entire body straining toward the open
text: door, but there is no answer.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Gary!
text: A DULL THUD is barely audible, deep within the house.
text: Her breath catches in her throat and she scrambles off the
text: bed, hurrying out the door.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALL - SAME
text: Norma looks up and down the hall, dark except for a little
text: moonlight from the windows. The house is quiet.
text: On tiptoe, careful not to make a sound, she moves along the
text: wall to a closed door.
text: She slowly turns the doorknob, opening the door a tiny crack,
text: and peeks into a BEDROOM.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Anton?
text: The twin bed against the far wall is empty. Norma continues
text: silently toward the stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY, DOWNSTAIRS - SAME
text: Downstairs, the ceiling creaks as Norma moves above. The
text: entry way glows. with the soft moonlight filtering in through
text: frosted windows flanking the front door.
text: At the bottom of the staircase, beside a small table, GARY'S
text: HEAD AND SHOULDERS are visible on the floor. His eyes are
text: wide open and a tiny bit of black-red blood trickles from his
text: mouth. The rest of his body is hidden in shadow.
text: Just as Gary's head slides across the floor, DRAGGED INTO THE
text: SHADOWS by an unseen force, Norma appears at the top of the
text: staircase. She looks down and sees nothing.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Gary? Gary?
text: She creeps slowly down the stairs, her hands fumbling for the
text: banister.
text: At the bottom, she checks the front door. The deadbolt is
text: fastened tightly and the security alarm panel on the wall
text: shows that the alarm is still on. She looks around the entry
dialog: way.
text: A slight SCRABBLING SOUND comes from the shadows and she
text: whirls, stepping toward the noise.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Gary, what--
text: Something SHOOTS OUT OF THE DARKNESS, directly at her. Norma
text: SCREAMS, covering her face as the thing hits her...
text: It's a cat, kicking and clawing at her.
text: Norma breathes in relief, recognizing it. Wrapping her arms
text: around it, she holds the cat tight and it calms. It's a .
text: normal black and white housecat.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Bones! It's okay, kitty.
text: She leans to set the cat on the floor.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: It's okay. Where's Ga--
text: She stops cold. A small PUDDLE OF BLOOD on the floor
text: glistens wetly in the moonlight.
text: She drops the cat and races up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - SAME
text: Norma runs into the bedroom, grabbing the phone off the table
text: by the door. Holding the receiver to her ear, she rushes for
text: the bed. Her teacup topples and smashes on the floor as the
text: phone cord stretches out behind her.
text: Fingers shaking, breathing hard, she dials a 9, then a 1.
speaker_heading: WHAM!
text: The PHONE CORD IS YANKED behind her. The phone flies out of
text: her hands.
text: She whips around to face the door and her face contorts in
text: PURE TERROR. She SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. ANTON'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: BONES, the cat, leaps onto a rumpled twin bed, jolting 17-
text: year-old ANTON awake. The clock reads 3:17 PM. Anton
dialog: stretches.
text: In a patch of autumn sunlight, the cat begins cleaning
text: herself, but she's the only one. Anton merely grabs a faded
text: purple T-shirt from a pile of dirty clothes on his floor and
text: heads for the door in a baseball cap and boxers.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -— SAME
text: Anton lights about 30 sticks of incense and plops onto the
dialog: couch.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - SAME
text: Bones follows Anton downstairs, pausing at the little PUDDLE
text: OF BLOOD on the floor, unnoticed by Anton. Bones licks up
dialog: the blood.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Anton slides a long, plastic backscratcher from between two
text: couch cushions. He gives his nuts a scratch or two and then
text: uses the backscratcher to drag the TV remote over from the
text: far side of the coffee table.
text: He flips on the TV and sneaks a look around. Not a soul in
dialog: sight.
dialog: 6
text: Reaching under the couch with the backscratcher, he pulls out
text: an already-loaded Bart Simpson bong. Anton sparks up,
text: inhaling the entire contents through a tube in Bart's butt.
speaker_heading: CELEB on TV
dialog: You, too, can be financially independent!
dialog: Own the house of your dreams, travel,
dialog: live in luxury...
text: Anton exhales slowly, paying rapt attention to the
dialog: infomercial until --
speaker_heading: CELEB on TV
dialog: But this is no get-rich-quick scam. It
dialog: requires motivation, dedication, and
dialog: good old-fashioned hard work--
speaker_heading: CLICK.
text: Cartoons, much better. As Bones curls up beside him and
text: cleans blood off her whiskers, Anton's stomach GROWLS loudly.
text: He glances around and sees a Burger King bag near his feet.
text: He hooks the bag with his trusty backscratcher and pulls out
text: a decaying, half-eaten Whopper.
text: He sniffs the burger, tears some of the green bits off its
text: perimeter, and takes a bite. He chews once and immediately
text: spits it back into the bag.
text: Sighing complainingly, and with exaggerated effort, Anton
text: shoves Bart back into hiding, hauls his butt off the couch
text: and plods toward the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN — SAME
text: Anton pours a bowl of Lucky Charms and opens the fridge.
dialog: Barren.
text: He tilts the milk carton over his cereal.
text: PLOP. One drop.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Mom! We're out of milk!
text: Mom doesn't answer. DANZIG, the German Shepherd, whines and
text: pokes his empty food dish with his nose.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You hungry, Danzig? What does she
dialog: think, you can feed yourself?
dialog: ~
text: He gives Danzig a pat and opens a cupboard. It's bare.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Mom! We're out of dog food!
text: Still no response. He pours the dog a bowl of Lucky Charms.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Anton flops back onto the couch, munching dry cereal, and
text: scans the area. Again, no one's around.
text: He pulls the bong out again and tries to spark, but the
text: bowl's empty. He feels around under the couch with the
text: backscratcher and drags out a plastic baggie.
text: Empty.
text: He tries again, fishing out another baggie. Empty. One more
text: try. He shoves the backscratcher as far under the couch as
text: he can reach and methodically pats around.
text: Suddenly, he pulls his hand back, triumphantly clutching his
dialog: booty, but this baggie's empty too.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Fuck.
text: He grabs the cordless beside him and punches numbers.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mick, what's up? I'm dry.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: So, how ‘bout bringing over a
dialog: dimer?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Yeah, I'll drop it down your chimney
dialog: on my way to the North Pole, you lazy
dialog: fuck. Come over here and get it.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Aw, c'mon. I'm busy.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Put your dick away and get over here.
text: BEEP, BEEEEEP. The red battery light flashes on the
dialog: cordless. :
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Fine.
text: He hangs up and shoves bong and baggies under the couch. He
text: looks around the room and groans -- his shoes are clear over
dialog: by the TV.
text: But Anton's in luck -- his Mom's fuzzy slippers lay strewn by
text: the side of the couch, within easy reach of his
text: backscratcher. Anton doesn't notice the DROPS OF BLOOD
text: speckling the slippers.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - SAME
text: Anton drops the still-beeping cordless into its base on the
text: entry table, plucking his sunglasses off the same table and
text: noticing his mother's purse lying there.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Mom!
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Mom! Spot me some cash?
text: Still no answer. Fuck it. He reaches into his mom's purse
text: and purloins a ten-dollar bill, careful to leave everything
dialog: how he found it.
text: Almost out the door, he looks at the money and rethinks it.
text: Reaching back into the purse, he grabs another $10.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SAME
text: Wearing his T-shirt, baseball cap, boxer shorts, and blood-
text: flecked slippers, Anton steps outside. The cold Oregon sun
text: smacks him in the face and he quickly puts his sunglasses on.
text: He can see his breath faintly in the brisk October air.
text: From the house on his left, heavy metal music pounds into the
dialog: afternoon.
text: Sighing, Anton turns right and begins his tiresome journey.
text: Two houses down the block, he cuts across a yard and climbs
text: through an open window.
scene_heading: INT. MICK'S BEDROOM - SAME
text: Anton comes through the window, shivering. MICK, PNUB, and
text: JIMMY, all high-school seniors, are sitting on Mick's bed,
text: smoking out and engaging in philosophical debate:
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Yeah, and if your mom had teeth, she
dialog: wouldn't suck dick so well. What's
dialog: your point?
text: Jimmy finishes his hit, passes the bong to Anton, and speaks
text: while exhaling. .
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: My point is that, unlike you, Pnub,
dialog: I've taken on a certain degree of
dialog: responsibility. What's up, Anton?
dialog: Nice boxers. -
text: Anton looks down, slightly embarrassed, at his pantslessness.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Responsibility, my nutsack. You
dialog: sit around your dad's meat locker
dialog: all day and flirt with that old
dialog: lady who answers the phone. That
dialog: bitch has less teeth than your mom.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: You know what these are?
text: (jangling a ring of keys
dialog: in Pnub's face)
dialog: These are keys, boy. Keys! My dad's
dialog: Placed the ultimate trust in me. I'm
dialog: being prepped to take over the entire
dialog: meat processing empire.
text: The bong has traveled full circle and Jimmy pauses for
dialog: another hit.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: (holding the smoke in)
dialog: dust last week, when they installed
dialog: this new temperature-controlling
dialog: machine -- you guys should see this
dialog: monster, it can bring the whole storage
dialog: area from 100 degrees to the fucking
dialog: ice age in, like, seconds! Anyway,
dialog: whose ass do you think was in charge
dialog: of overseeing the entire process?
text: Jimmy stands up and points at his own ass.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: We're all really happy for your ass,
text: Jimmy. Being an enterprising young
dialog: man myself, I can relate.
text: Wearing a "D.A.R.E. to Keep Kids Off Drugs" T-shirt, Mick
text: pulls out a baggie of pot and exchanges it for one of Anton's
dialog: ten-dollar bills.
text: Anton takes his cap off and slides the baggie into a hidden
dialog: slot under the bill.
text: They all nod.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I know I'm jealous. Jimmy can look
dialog: forward to a future filled with tooth-
text: less receptionists and raw meat, while
dialog: Mick has a lovely career of license-
text: plate making just around the corner.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: What about your future, hotrod?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I'm not going to worry about that shit.
dialog: (taking a hit off the bong)
dialog: It's best to just let life happen.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: At least until your parents kick your
dialog: oily ass out.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: I haven't seen my parents in a couple
dialog: of days.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Maybe they went on vacation.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Party at Anton's!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: No, it's really weird. My mom always
dialog: does her shopping on Friday. Yester-
dialog: day was Friday, right?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: So I wake up this morning and there's
dialog: no food, no sign of my parents, but
text: my mom's purse is just lying there
text: on the table.
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Maybe they're dead.
text: Pnub smacks Jimmy's leg.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I'm just saying. With that killer
dialog: on the loose and all, you can't rule
dialog: out murder.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: What killer?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Don't you watch Hard Copy?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I hate that fucking show.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: It's also been on the regular news.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I hate that fucking show, too.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Bolan's national news, Anton. Seems
text: as if a bunch of hacked-up citizens
dialog: have been found in this general area
dialog: over the past week.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You guys are just fucking with me,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Well, no, but don't worry. There's
dialog: been like three dead people. Four,
dialog: tops.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Six.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Your parents probably just decided
dialog: to slip away for a romantic weekend
dialog: and your mom forgot her purse. No
dialog: big whoop.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: At any rate, party at Anton's!
dialog: 12
text: Mick lowers the bong and peers out the window.
speaker_heading: MICK :
dialog: Hey, here comes your woman, Anton.
text: Anton rushes to the window and ducks.. He slowly lifts one
text: eye just above the sill so he can see. without being seen.
text: MOLLY, 17 and drop-dead, zooms past on a Harley.
speaker_heading: PNUB
text: Molly's lived across the street from
dialog: you for like, what, ever? I think
dialog: it's about time you told her about
dialog: your disturbing obsession with her.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: While you're at it, you should tell
dialog: her your name.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Back off, guys. Anton doesn't believe
dialog: in taking initiative.
dialog: (to Anton)
dialog: Don't listen to them. You just let
dialog: life happen.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (giving Mick a dirty look)
dialog: I'm gonna do it. I'll talk to her
dialog: right now.
text: He starts out the window.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: You want to borrow some pants, Chief?
dialog: First impressions and all.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You're a bud.
text: Mick points at his closet. Anton grabs a fresh pair of jeans
text: and hastily yanks them on. Kicking off the slippers, he
text: salutes his friends and crawls out the window.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Think he's got a shot with her?
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Snowball in hell.
text: They all nod. Mick reloads the bong.
dialog: 13
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SAME
text: By the time Anton makes it out Mick's door, Molly is already
text: parking the hog in her driveway, at the end of the block.
text: Anton crosses to her side of the street and heads toward her
text: with resolve.
scene_heading: EXT. MOLLY'S HOUSE ~ SAME
text: Molly slides her leather-clad butt off the seat and
text: disappears into her house. Anton leans against a tree and
text: looks expectantly at an upper window.
text: Sure enough, a light goes on and Molly moves into view in the
text: upper window, a dark-haired goddess of rebellion.
text: Anton gazes wistfully, longingly, up at her until she glances
text: outside and sees him. He averts his eyes and quickly walks
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. EUREKA, CALIFORNIA SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAY
text: A huge Winnebago parks in front of the Sheriff's office.
text: DEBI LECURE steps out of the motor home with a newspaper in
text: her hand and a parrot on her shoulder. She's about 28, with
text: long, painted nails and teased Jersey-girl hair.
text: Debi tosses the newspaper onto the driver's seat and gently
text: sets the parrot on top of the newspaper. The headline under
text: the bird reads "SUSPECT CAUGHT IN EUREKA SLAYINGS."
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (to the parrot)
dialog: Wait here, Hot Train. I've got to
dialog: look respectable.
text: Hot Train doesn't respond. Debi slips on a pair of
text: intellectual-looking glasses and locks the parrot in the
dialog: motor home.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - SAME
text: Debi approaches the DEPUTY behind the holly-decked main desk,
text: carrying herself stiffly.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Excuse me. It's of the utmost
dialog: importance that I speak to Sheriff
dialog: Buchanan.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Sorry, ma'am, but as you can
dialog: imagine, the Sheriff's pretty busy.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Perhaps if you understood the gravity
dialog: of the situation. . .
text: The door to the back office opens and a burly tree-trunk of a
text: man, SHERIFF BUCHANAN, enters the reception area.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: You must be Sheriff Buchanan. I'm
dialog: Debi LeCure.
text: She extends a hand. The Sheriff ignores it.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF BUCHANAN
dialog: I thought I ran all you creepy press
dialog: people out of here.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I'm not with the press. Sir, it's
dialog: imperative that I speak with Clement
text: James right away.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF BUCHANAN
dialog: Nobody talks to Clement James ‘cept
dialog: his lawyer and the investigating
dialog: officers.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I, too, am an investigator of sorts.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF BUCHANAN
dialog: Is that a fact? Look, Miss Liqueur--
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: LeCure.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF BUCHANAN
dialog: Between you and me, there ain't a
dialog: whole lot of investigating to be done.
text: We caught him in his bathroom, shaving
text: a cat and wearing nothing but his
dialog: granny's skivvies. No law against
dialog: that yet, but the half-dozen dead
text: bodies lounging around his house gives
dialog: me a wee hunch he's guilty.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I don't doubt his guilt. My interest
dialog: lies solely with his motive. Has he
dialog: attributed his actions to any sort of
dialog: supernatural intervention?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF BUCHANAN
dialog: What information Clement James has
text: revealed to the investigating officers
dialog: is strictly confidential.
dialog: (he pauses; then)
dialog: But seeing as you're kinda cute and
dialog: not with the press, I don't mind
dialog: telling you, off the record, that he
dialog: ain't said shit. His mind is so far
dialog: gone, I doubt if he'll ever utter
dialog: another word.
text: Debi slumps, visibly disappointed.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I see.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - A MOMENT LATER.
text: Debi scooches the parrot to one side and climbs into the
text: driver's seat, dropping both the glasses and the intellectual
dialog: act.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Well, bird of mine, looks like
text: another dead end.
text: Hot Train doesn't answer. Debi starts her engine, crooning
text: to the parrot.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Pretty bird. Hello, pretty bird.
dialog: Talk, you fuck.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DUSK
text: Carrying a brown paper sack and a bag of dog kibble, Anton
text: frowns. He stops walking and looks suspiciously into the
text: gathering mist around him.
text: He takes a few steps and looks again. No one.
dialog: le,
text: As Anton continues walking, an UNIDENTIFIABLE FIGURE STALKS
text: HIM, staying almost entirely under the mist's cover. There's
text: something SHIMMERY, SILVERY about him, but then again, it may
dialog: just be the mist.
text: The figure pulls back into the shadows as Anton glances over
text: his shoulder, listening hard.
text: Suddenly, Anton whips his head around to face his stalker,
text: put finds only the shifting mist. The SILVERY FIGURE has
speaker_heading: VANISHED.
text: Shivering, Anton steps into the street.
text: Without warning, he's THROWN TO THE GROUND. His groceries
text: spill into the street.
text: A billy club is pressed hard against the back of his neck,
text: shoving his face into the asphalt.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Frisk him. I'll check his bag.
text: He's thoroughly patted down. His baseball cap is removed and
text: Anton holds his breath.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Roll over.
text: Anton rolls onto his back to see TWO UNIFORMED POLICE
text: OFFICERS in their early twenties, sporting the nametags RUCK
text: and MCMACY.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: (kicking Anton's grocery bag)
dialog: Nothing here. You?
text: Anton's hat is in McMacy's hands, being inspected. Anton
text: tries not to look nervous.
speaker_heading: McMACY
dialog: He's clean.
text: McMacy leans over and jerks the baseball cap down on Anton's
text: head, the secret hiding place undiscovered.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: Damn.
text: Relieved, Anton scrambles of the street and scoops his
text: groceries back into the bag.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Since when is it against the law
dialog: to grocery-shop?
text: (looking up’at them,
dialog: double-taking)
dialog: Hey, I know you two. Weren't you
dialog: seniors when I was a freshman?
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: (sinister)
dialog: That's right. Let's talk about high
dialog: school, Anton.
speaker_heading: McCMACY
dialog: (hauling Anton to his feet)
dialog: You and your fancy little clique
dialog: zipping around on your skateboards.
dialog: Thought you were too cool for us,
dialog: huh? Did any of you ever, even once,
dialog: invite us to get high behind the gym?
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: (yanking Anton his way)
dialog: Or to hang at the half-pipe? Or go
dialog: to a punk show?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You were dorks!
speaker_heading: McMACY
dialog: (turning Anton toward him)
dialog: But now we're cops, Anton. Your
dialog: safety and security, your future
dialog: and your very life are in our hands
dialog: every single day.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: Think about that when you try to
dialog: sleep tonight.
speaker_heading: ANTON
text: (shaking his head, amused).
dialog: Ooh. There's sure nothing scarier
text: than a spiteful nerd with a power
text: woody.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: (marrowing his eyes)
dialog: Empty your pockets, boy!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Nice try, but they're not even my pants.
text: Anton pulls. out a crumpled dollar and some change, but
text: something else comes out too, falling to.the ground ...a
speaker_heading: BAGGIE.
text: McMacy pockets Anton's money and snatches the baggie up. He
text: opens it and inhales deeply.
speaker_heading: MCMACY
dialog: Smells like marijuana to me. Write
dialog: it up, Ruck. :
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: It's empty!
text: Ruck scribbles on a ticket pad.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: What? I know my rights. You can't
dialog: cite me for possession of baggie!
text: Ruck and McMacy laugh.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: Jaywalking. Maximum fine, $200.
text: Ruck tucks the ticket into Anton's grocery bag.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Anton tears the jaywalking ticket into strips and lays them
text: out on the coffee table. Removing his stash from his hat, he
text: rolls each ticket-strip into a FAT JOINT.
text: He sits back, lights up, and hears a noise: a FLOORBOARD
text: CREAKS upstairs. Anton pauses, listening.
text: Another CREAK, right above him. He mutes the TV. Lying at
text: his feet, Danzig is PANTING loudly. Anton reaches down and
text: CLOSES the DOG'S MOUTH.
text: He listens again, but this time, the house is silent.
text: He shakes his head, dismissing it, and returns to channel-
dialog: surfing.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: As an Everclear video comes to a loud, crashing end, Anton
text: pours dog kibble into both Danzig's and Bones' bowls. The
dialog: pets eat.
dialog: 19
text: The familiar notes of the MTV NEWS THEME SONG swell up in the
text: living room. Watching TV through the open kitchen door,
text: Anton dumps his groceries on the counter -- bologna, white
text: bread, mayo -- and starts making a sandwich.
speaker_heading: TABITHA SOREN (OS)
dialog: This is Tabitha Soren with MTV World
dialog: News.
text: Without taking his eyes off the TV, he opens the silverware
text: drawer and fishes around, pulling out a huge, evilly sharp
text: knife -- the blade is covered with DRIED BLOOD.
text: Anton twists the top of the mayonnaise.
speaker_heading: TABITHA SOREN (OS)
dialog: There'll be no trick-or-treating for
dialog: one town this year. Bolan, Oregon,
dialog: a small suburb of Portland, has been
text: terrorized by seemingly random slayings
dialog: for the past week.
text: Without looking down, he swirls the knife in the mayo and
text: bits of dried blood come off.
text: Oblivious, Anton spreads it on his bread, slaps on some
text: processed meat, and raises the sandwich to his mouth.
speaker_heading: TABITHA SOREN (OS)
text: Six bodies have been discovered to
text: date and the killer is still at large.
text: With Halloween only one day away, Bolan
dialog: police are advising extra caution...
text: Anton takes a bite, chews, and
scene_heading: LOOKS DOWN --
text: The bloody knife sticks out of the rust-flecked mayo.
speaker_heading: ANTON GAGS.
text: In pure terror, he drops his sandwich and flattens himself
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: He's here! He's in my house!
text: He scans the room, wild-eyed, but the only sounds are the TV
text: and the dog's eating.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (half-whimpering)
dialog: Danzig! C'mere, boy.
dialog: 20
text: The German Shepherd trots over from his food dish.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (whispering to the dog)
dialog: If you see, hear, or smell a psycho
dialog: killer, you bark. Loud.
text: Anton points him at the living room and gives hima shove.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM '- SAME
text: Danzig SLIDES. across the hardwood floor on his butt, coming
text: to a stop at the coffee table.
text: Anton peers out from the kitchen. Danzig looks back at him
text: quizzically and Anton slips into the room, latching tightly
text: onto the dog.
speaker_heading: : ANTON
dialog: Okay, Danzig. We're gonna make it.
text: He creeps toward the entry way in a panic, pointing Danzig in
dialog: the direction of every little NOISE.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - SAME
text: With a firm grip on Danzig's collar, Anton's nearly to the
text: front door.
speaker_heading: TABITHA SOREN (OS)
dialog: So, Bolan residents, lock your doors
dialog: and stay inside tonight.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Fuck that!
text: He reaches for the doorknob. Danzig BARKS FURIOUSLY at the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (deadbolting the door)
dialog: Oh, shit! He's out there!
text: He races up the stairs with Danzig following.
scene_heading: INT. ANTON'S BEDROOM - SAME
text: Anton slams his door shut, gasping for breath, and climbs
text: onto his bed, hugging the dog. The house is full of CREAKS
text: and GROANS, amplified by Anton's fright.
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (to the dog)
dialog: Okay, the plan. The killer's on the
dialog: porch, but the door's locked. He'll
dialog: get bored and go kill someone else.
dialog: Psycho killers only come out at night,
dialog: so if we make it to morning, we'll be
dialog: safe. Piece of cake -- we just sleep
dialog: it off.
text: As he reaches to turn off the light, his closet door CREAKS
text: OPEN an inch.
text: Danzig BARKS. Anton bolts from the room.
scene_heading: INT. PARENT'S BEDROOM - SAME
text: Anton tears into the PARENTS' BEDROOM FROM SCENE 1, lit by
text: the same bedside lamp. The phone is back in its place, but
text: the long cord is slick with blood. Anton doesn't notice.
text: He leaps onto his parents' bed, pulls the covers up to his
text: neck, and cowers. He takes a deep breath and tells himself:
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: The sooner you go to sleep, the
dialog: sooner it'll be morning.
text: He snaps off the lamp and lies back. Looking up at the
text: ceiling, he freezes, seeing the glow-in-the-dark paint:
dialog: I'M UNDER THE BED
text: Anton is paralyzed with fear. His mouth is open, but silent.
text: A beat, then Anton hurls himself off the bed and out the door
text: terror-stricken.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - SAME
text: SCREAMING, Anton flies down the stairs, looking back over his
text: shoulder in complete hysteria.
text: On his way to the door, he grabs the cordless off the table,
text: but the floor-length TABLECLOTH TRIPS HIM.
text: Anton goes sprawling and the table CRASHES to the floor,
text: exposing, to Anton's horror --
text: the MUTILATED BODIES of his PARENTS.
text: His mother's face is frozen in a pleading expression, her
text: closed fist held upward by a stiff arm.
dialog: 22
text: Anton GASPS.
text: He glances up the staircase with dread, but the killer has
text: yet to show himself.
text: Unlocking the front door, Anton scoops up Bones, pushes
text: Danzig outside, and runs.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. - SAME.
text: Anton races down the block, cat in one hand and cordless
text: phone in the other, Danzig at his heels.
text: He hurdles a short hedge, landing in Molly's yard.
scene_heading: EXT. MOLLY'S YARD - SAME
text: Molly's house is dark. Anton drops to his knees behind the
text: hedge, trying to catch his breath. Bones and Danzig eye him.
text: Anton looks through the thick leaves at his house. It's
text: quiet and still, dark except for the entry way light and the
text: flickering of the TV in the living room.
text: He yanks the cordless phone's antenna to its full length and
speaker_heading: DIALS 911.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello, police? The killer's loose
dialog: in my house! 3604 Clinton Street.
dialog: Please hurry, I don't want to die!
text: Hanging up, he leans back against the hedge, panting.
text: IN MOLLY'S UPSTAIRS WINDOW
text: Unnoticed by Anton, Molly peeks through the shutters and
text: watches him curiously.
scene_heading: INT. BOLAN POLICE DISPATCH OFFICE — SAME
text: A very tired-looking DISPATCHER presses the button on her
dialog: police radio.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: One Allen Ten, we have yet another
dialog: supposed killer sighting. Can you
dialog: take a look? Over.
speaker_heading: nN
dialog: wh
speaker_heading: COP VOICE
dialog: (over radio) -
dialog: This is One Allen Ten. We still have
dialog: three more sightings to investigate
dialog: first, but we're working as fast as we
dialog: can. We'll check it out as soon as
dialog: possible, over.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: One of these calls has to Pay off, over.
scene_heading: EXT. MOLLY'S YARD - SAME
text: While Molly watches from her window, Anton pulls out a
text: ticket-rolled doobie. But just as he's about to light up,
text: Danzig lays his head on Anton's leg.
text: Anton looks down to pet the dog -- and suddenly spits his
text: joint across the yard...
text: His purple T-shirt is speckled with small blotches of paint,
text: GLOWING in the darkness. He holds up the bottom of the shirt:
text: a small section of fabric is missing, TORN OFF.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Okay. Stay calm.
text: He whirls to look through the hedge again.
text: His house is still silent, motionless. No killer in sight.
text: He stands up, musters his courage, and creeps stealthily
text: toward his house.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH ~ SAME
text: Anton climbs the stairs slowly, alert, but COMPLETELY
scene_heading: EXPOSED.
text: The front door is still wide open. MTV hums in the living
text: room. The overturned table is visible, but the bodies are
text: out of sight behind it.
text: Anton moves cautiously through the door. Behind him, Danzig
speaker_heading: WHINES.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - SAME
text: Standing over his parents' bodies, Anton shields his eyes
text: from the horrible spectacle.
dialog: 24
text: He reaches for his mother's closed fist and
text: . PRIES HER HAND OPEN to reveal
text: A PIECE. OF PURPLE CLOTH.
text: He uncrumples it and holds it to his shirt -- A PERFECT
scene_heading: PUZZLE-PIECE MATCH.
scene_heading: QUICK FLASHES:
text: -- His mother in the bedroom, pleading, crying,
text: -- The HUGE KNIFE in his own hand, slicing through the air,
text: -- His mother tearing at his shirt as she sinks to the floor.
text: Anton staggers back from the bodies in disbelief.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: The killer was wearing my shirt!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Anton stumbles to the couch on automatic. Videos flash
text: across the TV screen. Anton grabs the remote and switches
text: channels until he finds the news:
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: + + + so Bolan city officials have
dialog: decided that the local elementary,
dialog: junior high, and high schools will
dialog: hold Halloween parties in lieu of
dialog: trick-or-treating. Kids will be able
dialog: to have plenty of safe, secure fun
dialog: tomorrow night. Back to you, Bruce.
text: Zombie-like, eyes glued to the TV, Anton pulls his stash from
text: beneath the couch and loads a bowl. He takes a huge hit.
text: Nearby, the cat YOWLS. Anton winces at the sound.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (without looking)
dialog: Shut up, Bones, I want to hear this.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
text: Several bodies were found in a park
dialog: not too far from that high school --
dialog: mailman Matthew Wright, who was abducted
text: somewhere on his route Tuesday, and
dialog: Jehovah's Witness Ingrid Renan, who
dialog: rang her last doorbell sometime on
dialog: Wednesday.
dialog: 25
text: The CAT'S YOWLING continues, over and over.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Bones! Shut-- .
text: He turns his head toward the cat and the last word dies on
dialog: his tongue .. .«
text: Next to him on the couch, Bones YOWLS again, with ANTON'S OWN
text: HAND WRAPPED around the CAT'S THROAT, squeezing.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (letting go)
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: Stunned, he stares at his hand in disbelief.
speaker_heading: ANCHORWOMAN
dialog: We now take you live to Bolan, where
dialog: Jenny Takumatsu has a very personal
text: story about one of the murder victims.
dialog: Jenny?
text: Anton makes a fist. He opens it. His hand seems to be
text: responding just fine. He pinches his palm with his other
text: hand and YELPS in pain.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: I'm standing outside the local Burger
dialog: King, where honor student Kenneth Lippy
dialog: made a little extra money manning the
dialog: drive-thru...
text: Horrified, Anton looks at the Burger King bag at his feet,
text: and then at his hands. He grabs up the bag, crumples it, and
text: shoves it under the couch as...
text: the DOORBELL RINGS.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: The cops!
text: He hides his pot.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - SAME
speaker_heading: ANTON
text: (heading for the door, muttering)
dialog: Took ‘em long enough.
text: His PARENTS' CORPSES stop him short.
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Oh, fuck!
text: He quickly tries to set the table back up with the bodies
text: hidden beneath it, but it just won't work -- as soon as he
text: gets all the arms tucked in ‘under the tablecloth, a leg
text: sproings out. He. folds the leg in, only to push his Dad's
text: head out the other side. :
text: The DOORBELL RINGS: again.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I'm coming!
dialog: i
text: He gives the bodies a final, determined shove and the: whole
text: table TIPS OVER.. Anton groans. The DOORBELL CHIMES
text: insistently, over and over.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Jeez, chill! I'm coming!
text: Anton shoves his parents into the COAT CLOSET, stands the
text: table up, and opens the front door.
text: Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy surge into the room with beer and bud.
speaker_heading: MICK, PNUB, JIMMY
dialog: Party at Anton's!
text: Pnub and Jimmy beeline for the TV in the living room and
text: Anton goes weak with relief. Sweat slicks across his
dialog: forehead.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Hey, you okay? You got a fever?
text: Mick holds a frosty 12-oz to Anton's forehead.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You're not going to believe this.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: What's up?
text: Taking the beer from Mick, Anton looks carefully into the
dialog: living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Pnub and Jimmy are kicked back on the couch, smoking out.
text: Jimmy changes the channel and Pnub chokes on his smoke,
dialog: aggravated.
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: What the fuck, yo?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: What? .
text: Pnub grabs the remote and smacks Jimmy with it before setting
text: the channel back to MIV. "Freefalling" fills the air.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Tom Petty rockumentary, dickhead.
dialog: Don't change it again. JI want to see
dialog: that video where he tools around the
text: desert in his space buggy.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - SAME
text: Satisfied that Pnub and Jimmy are occupied, Anton twists the
text: bottlecap off his beer and pulls Mick over to the stairs.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Swear to take this to your grave?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Just tell me.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Swear.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Okay, okay. I swear.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I've been --
speaker_heading: PNUB (OS)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Anton! You got any grub?
speaker_heading: JIMMY (OS)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: We're starved!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (to Mick)
dialog: Stay here.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Pnub and Jimmy are ambling toward the kitchen. Anton races
text: past them.
dialog: 28
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME
text: Anton grabs the open mayo jar off the counter -- with the
text: BLOODY KNIFE still sticking out the top -- and shoves the
text: whole lot into the dishwasher.
text: He slams the dishwasher.shut as Jimmy and Pnub enter.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Here you go.
text: Anton gestures to the bread and bologna still open on the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: You're a great host, Anton.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: We're out of mayo.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - SAME
text: Mick is taking his jacket off as Anton enters. Anton throws
text: a panicked glance at the coat closet door, but Mick tosses
text: his jacket over the banister.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Well?
text: Anton guzzles his beer, takes a deep breath, and:
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I think I might be a psychotic serial
dialog: killer.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Anton, I've known you since third
dialog: grade. You're not psychotic.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: What if I killed all those people
dialog: on the news?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Remember that time me and Pnub pulled
dialog: the legs off that grasshopper? You
text: wussed out.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Regardless.
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I don't buy it. Look at you, you're
dialog: normal. .
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: I'm telling you! I even killed my
dialog: own parents. How demented is that?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Calm down. It's probably just bad
dialog: pot. /
text: A beat as Anton considers this. He looks at Mick hopefully.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Well, not if you got it from me. I
dialog: only sell primo shit.
text: Anton looks disappointed.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: I'll bet it's just some particularly
dialog: gruesome acid flashbacks. Hey! You
dialog: know how sometimes when you take acid,
dialog: you get so into the trip you forget
dialog: you took it?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: You're gonna be okay, buddy. Acid
dialog: never lasts longer than 12 or 14
dialog: hours. I'll ride it out with you,
dialog: talk you down.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Thanks, Mick. You could be right.
dialog: God, I hope you're right.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Mick? You didn't take any acid today,
dialog: did you?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Not that I recall.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Then tell me if you see what I see.
dialog: 30
text: Anton opens the closet door. His Parents spill out at Mick's
text: feet. Mick takes a step back.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Fuck me! Anton, you are one sick
dialog: puppy -
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (anguished)
dialog: It's true! The killer wasn't just
dialog: wearing my shirt, the killer was
dialog: wearing me! I mean, I'm the killer!
text: Anton waves the beer bottle for emphasis as the DOORBELL
text: RINGS. He turns toward the front door. RED AND WHITE LIGHTS
text: FLASH outside.
speaker_heading: ANTON .
dialog: Mick! Help me get the bodies back--
text: Turning back, Anton sees Mick SLUMP to the floor.
text: Anton's BEER BOTTLE, BROKEN, is PLANTED DEEP in Mick's
text: forehead. Anton looks down at his empty hand in disbelief.
text: The DOORBELL RINGS again and Anton wastes no time pushing the
text: bodies -- Mick's included -- into the coat closet.
speaker_heading: PNUB (OS)
dialog: Anton, you want me to get that?
text: Anton closes the closet door and rubs out a spot of blood
text: with his shoe.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: * I got it. It's the fuzz.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Pnub and Jimmy, destroying the evidence, immediately start
text: eating their pot and lighting incense, frantically trying to
text: wave away the smoke hanging in the air.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - SAME
text: Anton opens the door to Ruck and McMacy.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: Looky who we got here, McMacy. It's
dialog: Mr. Baggie.
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: MCMACY
dialog: You called, Anton?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (feigning innocence)
dialog: I did?
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: (checking his pad)
dialog: 3604 Clinton Street. That's you.
speaker_heading: MCMACY
dialog: So where's this killer you reported?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Sorry, no killer here. Must've been
text: a prank.
text: Anton tries to close the door, but Ruck blocks it, leaning
text: against the doorframe like he's got all night.
dialog: Anton points.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: A prank? You know what the sentence
dialog: is for playing games with the law,
dialog: Anton?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: No, see, I didn't prank you. It
dialog: must've been, uh, Mick. Yeah, you
dialog: guys remember Mick -- he used to skate
dialog: past the Physics Club and spit on you.
text: He lives two houses down.
text: McMacy pulls out his handcuffs.
speaker_heading: MCMACY
dialog: Let's take him downtown.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: I have a better idea. Let's watch
text: him. Closely.
speaker_heading: MCMACY
dialog: (nodding)
text: Every breath he takes.
speaker_heading: RUCK
text: Every move he makes.
dialog: (pointing a completely
dialog: serious finger at Anton)
dialog: We'll be watching you.
dialog: 32
text: The cops turn to saunter down the porch steps. Anton slams
text: the door. He fingers Mick's jacket forlornly before heading
text: into the living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Pnub and Jimmy already have their pot back out, loading their
text: bowls to the last few notes of “You Got Lucky, Babe." On the .
text: Tv, Tom Petty drives away in his space buggy and the video
dialog: ends.
text: Anton steps. up behind the couch, visibly shaken.
speaker_heading: PNUB .
dialog: Anton, dude, that was hairy. I couldn't
dialog: even enjoy the video.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: You really shouldn't prank the cops,
dialog: Anton. They have enough to do, what
text: with stamping out evil and all.
dialog: Where's Mick?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: He went home with a headache. You
dialog: guys should head out too.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: What? We're crashing here tonight.
text: It's cool, the cops are gone.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Anton, no one else's parents are
dialog: out of town. Don't be selfish.
dialog: (motioning. at the TV)
dialog: Besides, they're about to show that
dialog: Tom Petty duet -- you know, with that
dialog: hippie girlie? We can't go now.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Seriously, guys, it's for your own
dialog: good. I don't think I have a whole
dialog: lot of control over--
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Shhhhi! It's on.
text: Pnub's eyes are fixed on the TV and he doesn't even look for
text: the cause of the loud, sudden SLICING SOUND next to him, or
text: the subsequent GURGLE.
dialog: 33
text: JIMMY'S HEAD rolls into his own lap, unrestrained by his
text: neck. It bounces just a little, and continues to the floor,
text: landing with a dull thud on Pnub's scuffed Chuck Taylors.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Shit!!! Pnub, Pnub!
text: Pnub tears himself from the TV and turns just in time to see
text: Jimmy's body follow his head to the floor. INNARDS spill out
text: through a GAPING WOUND in Jimmy's chest.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Fucking Christ!
text: Anton comes around the couch, looking with absolute terror at
text: the huge knife in his hand. Blood (and a little mayo) drips
text: from the knife's wicked tip.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (freaking)
dialog: How does this keep happening???
text: Pnub scrambles backward into a corner, shaking, as Anton
text: advances on him, unable to stop.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Are you out of your mind?! Snap
dialog: out of it! It's me, Pnub, your buddy!
text: Anton FIGHTS WITH HIMSELF, holding the knife out at Pnub with
text: his right hand and trying to restrain it with his left.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I know who you are, Pnub, you dumb
dialog: fuck! I'm not doing this on purpose!
text: Anton struggles to hold himself back, but she" s drawn
text: irresistibly toward Pnub.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Get out of here! I don't know how
dialog: long I can hold off!
text: Anton steps over Jimmy's body. A bloody ARTERY catches on
text: his shoe and STRETCHES as Anton moves toward Pnub, slowly
text: pulling Jimmy's heart from his chest.
text: JIMMY'S HEART SLIPS ACROSS THE FLOOR behind Anton as. . .
scene_heading: TOM PETTY, STEVIE NICKS
dialog: (singing, on TV)
dialog: Stop draggin' my, stop draggin' my,
dialog: stop draggin' my heart around...
text: It's too much for Pnub. He SCREAMS.
text: Anton looms above Pnub, knife glinting. Pnub covers his head
text: with his arms.. Anton REACHES DOWN. . .
text: and grabs Pnub's hand, hauling him to his feet. Pnub
text: SHRIEKS.
text: Anton shoves Pnub toward the front door. Giving Jimmy's
text: corpse a wide berth, Pnub stubs his toes on the TV.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Run, damn it!
text: The knife raises Anton's hand into the air. Anton grapples
text: with it, using all his might to keep the knife still.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Run!
text: Pnub limps hurriedly for the door as
scene_heading: VOICE FROM NOWHERE
dialog: (sinister whisper)
dialog: Kill him.
text: Anton looks wildly around the room for the source of the
dialog: voice.
scene_heading: VOICE FROM NOWHERE
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Kill him!
text: Anton's own SCREAMS add to Pnub's as his right arm is pulled
text: back like a catapult by an UNSEEN FORCE.
text: Just as Pnub reaches the door, the unseen force lets go of
text: Anton's arm and the KNIFE ZINGS THROUGH THE AIR...
text: slamming into the back of Pnub's skull with a SICKENING
text: SMACK.
text: Pnub crumples. Still SCREAMING, Anton covers his eyes and
text: runs blindly out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SAME
text: Anton hightails it across lawns and driveways in utter
text: hysteria, tripping over the hedge and sprawls into Molly's
dialog: yard.
text: Panting, he leaps to his feet and races down the block.
dialog: 35
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - SAME
text: Anton half-runs, half-stumbles into the park, gasping for
text: breath and checking behind him. ‘Several sections of the
text: park's thick hedge are ROPED OFF with yellow police crime
text: scene tape.
text: He rushes for a set of monkey bars, but the entire structure
text: COLLAPSES just as he's about to duck under it.
text: Anton veers to the right, floundering into the sandbox, and
text: the BLOODY KNIFE THRUSTS up out of the sand in front of him.
text: He whirls again, disoriented, as a DISEMBODIED LAUGH fills
text: the park, an evil, bone-chilling rumble rising from nowhere
dialog: and everywhere.
text: Anton bones out, heading back towards home.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET — SAME
text: Anton hurries down the dark street, spooked by every sound
text: and trying hard to keep a look-out in every direction.
text: Suddenly, the KNIFE SHOVES THROUGH THE SIDEWALK between his
text: legs, pointing the tip STRAIGHT UP at his balls.
text: Anton yelps, startled out of his wits, and dives behind a
text: bush in someone's front yard.
text: A LIGHT GOES ON in the house. It's Molly's house. It's
text: Molly's bedroom light. She opens her window and looks down
text: at the rustling bush.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Who's out there?
text: Anton rolls out of the bush, onto the grass.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (smirking a little)
dialog: Oh, it's you.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (brushes himself off)
dialog: Hi. Sorry about your bush.
text: The KNIFE APPEARS in Anton's hand. He quickly hides it
text: behind his back and flings it to the ground.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Not a problem. Are you planning
dialog: to do this all night?
dialog: 36
text: The knife puts itself firmly in Anton's -hand again.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Do what?
text: Behind his back, he tries to drop the knife, but it seems to
text: be attached. He shakes his hand. The knife remains.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Sneak around my.yard. How many
dialog: times have you been here tonight?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Uh, twice?
text: He shakes the knife violently behind his back, but it refuses
text: to leave his hand.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Wait there.
text: She disappears from her window. Of it's own accord, Anton's
text: hand brings the knife in front of his body. His other hand
text: joins the first on the knife handle and the evil blade POINTS
text: straight at Molly's door.
text: Anton immediately turns away. Holding the knife over the
text: bush, Anton gives his hands a sharp, fierce BITE.
text: He yelps and drops the knife. It falls into the bush just as
text: Molly opens the front door.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Get in here before someone sees you.
text: Anton heads inside and Molly closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. MOLLY'S BEDROOM - SAME
text: Anton and Molly enter her room quietly. She looks him up and
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Jesus, look at you.
text: Anton looks at himself. His shirt and Mick's pants are
text: covered with blood, dirt, and bush.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I got into a fight at the park.
dialog: 37
scene_heading: MOLLY .
dialog: You sure got your ass’ kicked.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I did okay.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: So you ran and hid in my bush?
text: Anton's eyes focus on a letter opener on Molly's desk and
text: gets a QUICK FLASH of the letter opener VICIOUSLY SLASHING
text: Molly's throat open.
text: Anton shakes the image from his head but POTENTIAL WEAPONS
text: seem to leap out at him: a stapler, an extension cord, a
text: hairdryer, a Hello Kitty pen and pencil set.
text: Anton shudders.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I really shouldn't be here.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: It's okay. My parents sleep like the
dialog: dead. Besides, you shouldn't be on
dialog: the streets at night. Don't you know
dialog: there's a killer out there?
text: Anton's hands abruptly grab Molly and pull her close,
text: bringing their faces just an inch apart. Anton plants a
text: passionate kiss on her.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (coming up for air)
dialog: I'm impressed. The way you've been
dialog: creeping around and spying on me,
dialog: I never would've thought you'd have
dialog: the balls to just kiss me like that.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (surprised at himself)
dialog: Me neither.
text: She grins and pushes him onto the bed. He pulls off her
text: shirt. She closes her eyes as he runs his hands up her
text: stomach, over her breasts . . . and ONTO HER THROAT.
text: His hands linger, circling her neck, itching to squeeze,
text: until he forces them to glide over her face and through her
dialog: hair.
scene_heading: GRATUITOUS SEX SCENE
dialog: 38
scene_heading: EXT. REST STOP - NIGHT
text: Debi's Winnebago is parked off to the side by itself, as far
text: as possible from the crowd at the restrooms.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - SAME
text: Hot Train watches the Northern California weather report on a
text: tiny battery-powered TV.
text: Across the motor home's one room, Debi untacks newspaper
text: articles from her-wall. The 20-plus articles clustered .
text: together all have headlines about multiple murder in Eureka
dialog: and suspected serial killer Clement James.
text: Debi calls over her shoulder:
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Hello, pretty bird, hello.
text: Hot Train ignores her.
text: Debi slips the articles into a file folder headed C. JAMES
text: and turns. Every wall is plastered with current newspaper
text: articles. Grouped together by locale, they detail evil of
dialog: every sort.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: According to officials, the Bolan,
text: Oregon, slayings are the most gruesome
dialog: since Jeffrey Dahmer.
text: Tacked above the TV is a collection of articles relating to
dialog: the Bolan murders.
text: Debi sits next to Hot Train and turns the volume up.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: Police have yet to pinpoint even
dialog: a single suspect ...
text: Debi hauls a huge road atlas onto her lap and flips it open
dialog: to Oregon.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Straight up I-5, Hot Train. We'll
dialog: be there by mid-morning. Cross
dialog: your scaly little bird-toes that
dialog: we catch him and end this thing.
text: Hot Train keeps his eyes on the TV.
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Pretty bird. Hello, hello, hello!
dialog: (poking at him)
dialog: You know, that pet shop boy in .
dialog: Omaha promised you'd be talking by
dialog: Texas. If I'd wanted solitude, I'd
dialog: have bought a cat.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I could still get a cat, you know.
dialog: How would you like that?
text: Nada from ‘the bird.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Talk, damn it! Pretty bird, pretty
dialog: bird! Look, bird, it's your job,
dialog: plain and simple. Do you see me
dialog: shirking my duty? Did anyone ask Debi
dialog: if she'd like a normal life? Friends?
dialog: A relationship? A toilet I don't have
dialog: to drain every 600 miles?
text: She takes a breath.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: No! Nobody asked and all I have until
dialog: this ordeal's over is this crappy
dialog: Winnebago and you. The least you could
dialog: do is say hello.
text: Hot Train tilts his head toward her, maddeningly silent.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Fine.
text: She stomps away, snapping all the curtains shut. After
text: making sure every door is securely locked, Debi crawls under
text: the kitchen table with the C. JAMES file folder.
text: A small, thick SAFE is snugly wedged beneath the table.
text: Debi deftly positions each of the safe's three combination
text: locks and pulls the heavy door open.
text: Hundreds of files, each headed with a different name and
text: packed with newsprint, are stacked inside. As Debi adds the
text: new file, her hand brushes against the ONLY OTHER ITEM in the
dialog: safe:
text: A tightly-rolled SCROLL of ancient parchment GLOWS brightly
text: in the dark safe.
dialog: 40
scene_heading: INT. MOLLY'S BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: Anton wakes with a start and looks at Molly. She's lying on
text: the bed, very still. Panicky, he grabs a hand mirror from
text: her night stand and holds it to her open mouth. It fogs up.
text: He breathes a sigh of relief. Putting his clothes on, Anton
text: goes to the window and stares out at the cold morning,
dialog: melancholy, until --
text: A hand touches his shoulder. Anton whips around in a panic,
text: but it's just Molly, wrapped in a blanket. She laughs
dialog: lightly.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: At ease, soldier. What are you doing
dialog: over here?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Thinking about the snow plow. It's
dialog: almost winter.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Hand me that teddy?
text: Anton gives her the stuffed bear on the windowsill. She
text: pulls a baggie of The Kind from a hole in the bear's belly
text: and Anton smiles.
text: Molly smiles back and rolls a nice, tight joint. They pass
text: it back and forth.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What about the snow plow?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: The first really big snow I can
dialog: remember, I was four. I was so
dialog: jazzed, I spent all day making this
dialog: amazing snow fort, with two tunnel
dialog: entrances and enough room inside to
dialog: stand up straight. It was the biggest,
dialog: baddest thing I'd ever done.
dialog: (pausing, remembering)
dialog: Then my mom called me in. I was at
text: the window, staring at it, so proud,
dialog: when I heard this huge rumble. I
text: watched, helpless, as a snow plow
dialog: flattened it.
text: He meets Molly's eyes and shrugs.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Now I just figure what's the point?
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Why'd you build your fort in the street?
text: Anton looks stunned. Finally, in- wonderment:
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I don't know.
text: They hear a DOOR CREAK OPEN somewhere in the house. Molly
text: looks at the clock -- 6:45 am.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Better be on your way, babysnakes.
dialog: My parents might take offense to
text: some dirty, bloody boy banging their
dialog: daughter.
text: Anton looks at his clothes. They haven't gotten any cleaner.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Yeah. I've got some things to take
dialog: care of.
text: They can hear her parents now, up and about in the house.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I guess I should go out your window,
dialog: huh? That always works in the movies.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Hey, whatever loads your bowl. Why
dialog: don't you come by around seven? We'll
dialog: go to the dance.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I thought you said the streets weren't
text: safe at night.
text: She pulls him close for a final kiss.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'll protect you.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You're pretty cool.
text: He swings his legs over the windowsill.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Hey! What's your name?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Anton. My name's Anton.
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Aren't you in my biology: class?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (grinning & pushing off)
dialog: Yep.
scene_heading: EXT. MOLLY'S YARD - SAME
text: Anton lands, rolling across the grass under a heavily
text: overcast sky. He heads for home.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Anton enters to find the scene unchanged. The cat is licking
text: delicately at Jimmy's open chest wound.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Bones! Get away from there!
text: Bones ignores him. Anton yanks the cat away from the corpse
text: and holds her tight, surveying the carnage with dismay.
text: Bones licks Anton on the lips.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (pulling the cat away)
dialog: Sick!
scene_heading: INT. PORCH - SAME
text: Anton opens the front door with Bones in his arms and sets
text: the cat on the welcome mat. He turns back to the. house.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Danzig! Danzig, c'mere boy!
text: The dog joins them on the porch, sitting beside Bones.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Guys, this isn't easy for me, but
dialog: you have to understand. You're
dialog: not safe here.
text: The pets stare up at him.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I think you two will be fine on
dialog: your own.
text: Bones immediately scampers away. Anton looks at Danzig.
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Like I was saying, Danzig, this
dialog: is a pretty affluent neighborhood,
dialog: so you shouldn't have too much
text: trouble latching onto someone good.
text: Danzig continues to stare up at him.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Go on.
text: Anton turns the dog around and gives him a gentle shove.
text: Danzig goes as far as the sidewalk and looks back at Anton
text: with pleading puppy-eyes.
text: Anton takes a big gulp of air.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You didn't do anything wrong,
dialog: buddy. It's for your own good.
text: Danzig finally trots off down the street.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Try the Andersons -- they have a
dialog: Shitzu in heat!
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - A LITTLE LATER
text: Anton shovels the final few loads of hard, cold dirt onto a
text: MASS GRAVE, carefully packs the loose dirt down with the
text: shovel, and steps back.
text: He turns abruptly and yanks a flowerless rhododendron bush
text: out of the ground by the house, re-planting it atop the
text: grave.
text: He squeezes his eyes shut for a moment of reflection, but
text: can't bring himself to say anything over the grave.
text: Turning away, he sees Danzig peeking around the corner of the
text: house at him.
text: Anton sighs sadly, the breath catching in his throat. With
dialog: all his might:
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (yelling at the dog)
dialog: Go!
dialog: 44
text: Danzig jumps and looks confused, but doesn't leave.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Get away! Now!
text: Anton runs menacingly at him, shaking his fist, and Danzig :
text: takes the hint. Miserable, Anton watches his dog run. .
text: A LOW MOAN swells ‘up behind him. Anton turns. The backyard
text: is empty. Another MOAN...
text: Anton creeps slowly toward the sound.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (0S)
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Anton!
text: Anton stops short. The voice seems to be coming from his
text: fresh grave. A moment's hesitation, and then he goes slowly
text: to the grave's edge.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (OS)
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Anton, help me!
text: Anton gasps. Then he shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: It's a trick.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (0S)
dialog: Bro, come on, I can't breathe down
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Mick?
text: Anton cautiously leans onto the grave and puts his EAR to the
dialog: ground... .-
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Mick?
speaker_heading: MICK (OS)
dialog: Yeah, man. Get me outta here!
text: The voice is undeniably coming from under the ground. Anton
text: jerks his head away and shoots back.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (spooked)
dialog: You're dead.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: MICK (OS)
dialog: No, I'm not. You conked me on the
dialog: head pretty good. I must've been
text: unconscious.
text: Anton wavers uncertainly, but keeps his distance.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: I know, fucker. Dig me up!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You're not a flesh-eating zombie,
dialog: come back to extract revenge?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Dammit, Anton!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I'm pretty sure you're going to kill
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: If I don't get a bong hit soon, I'll
dialog: consider it.
text: The dirt on top of the grave begins to shake.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Stop it! You stay where you are,
dialog: Mick! You hear me?
text: The ground starts to rise, cracking open slightly. Anton
text: glances around wildly.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Danzig! Danzig, come back, boy!
text: But the dog is long gone. Anton is breathing hard, scared
dialog: shitless.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Mick! If you were ever my bud,
dialog: you won't do this.
text: A chilling MOAN rumbles from the ground as the crack widens.
text: Anton looks around in a panic for something, anything -~
text: the SHOVEL! It's on the other side of the opening grave.
text: Anton crawls toward it on his hands and knees.
dialog: 46
text: Taking his eyes off the grave for a split-second, he lunges
text: for the shovel. Just as his fingers are about to close
text: around the handle, the shovel is WHISKED AWAY.
text: Anton spins around.
text: MICK'S DIRTY, DECOMPOSING BODY is HALF OUT OF THE GRAVE,
text: broken beer bottle still embedded in his forehead.
text: Anton falls backward. Mick LOOMS ABOVE HIM, brandishing the
text: shovel. Anton can barely whisper:
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Please don't kill me.
text: Mick RAISES THE SHOVEL. Anton's eyes widen in terror and --
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Don't be stupid. Why would I want
dialog: to kill you?
text: Mick uses the shovel to dig his body the rest of the way out
text: of the dirt. Glimpses of Jimmy and Pnub's bodies are visible
text: in the grave.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (relaxing a little)
dialog: Okay, good. Wow, I'm really glad
dialog: you're alive, Mick.
text: Anton slings an arm affectionately over his buddy's shoulder
text: -- and abruptly double-takes on the dried blood caked around
text: the bottle embedded in Mick's forehead. Mick is an unearthly
text: shade of pale to boot.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (off Anton's frown)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Just a sec.
text: Anton grabs the beer bottle and YANKS, tearing the broken
text: glass from Mick's skull. A large CHUNK of MICK'S FLESH comes
text: away with it, exposing bone, but not a single drop of blood.
text: Mick doesn't flinch.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (backing away)
dialog: You weren't just unconscious. You're
dialog: dead!
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Well, undead.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You lied to me!
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Hey, you killed me! Try to keep this
dialog: in perspective. Now chill and listen
dialog: to me. I'm supposed to give you a
dialog: message from Satan.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Right. Look, there's only so much a
dialog: guy can accept in one day, alright?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: He said your body count's too low and
dialog: you're slacking off. He wants you to
dialog: slaughter a few hundred people tonight.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Sure, Mick, like I'm gonna believe
dialog: that. Yeah, uh-huh, "the devil made
dialog: me do it." What, was I possessed?
text: Anton laughs derisively. Then, suddenly--
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Actually, you know what? That makes
dialog: sense!
dialog: (freaking)
dialog: Jesus Christ!!! Satan???
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Heavy, huh?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Are you sure? I mean, the actual
dialog: Devjl?
speaker_heading: _ MICK
dialog: Yeah. So I'm supposed to scare the
dialog: shit out of you now.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: This is crazy. Crazy! You gotta get
dialog: a grip here, Anton.
dialog: (to Mick)
dialog: Did Satan happen to mention how I
dialog: could get him to leave me alone?
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: MICK .
dialog: No. Now listen, I'm supp--
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (deep in thought)
dialog: I need an exorcist. A priest.
text: LOUD MUSIC starts pounding from the neighbors’ place,
text: snagging Anton's attention. The music is distinctly '80s
text: metal. It's distinctly Iron Maiden.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: That's it!
text: He heads for the fence separating his yard from the
dialog: neighbors'.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Anton!
text: But Anton hops the fence and disappears. Mick takes a couple
text: steps toward the fence, but stops.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Oh, fuck it.
text: Mick turns back to the grave and gingerly nudges Pnub's body
text: with his toe.
scene_heading: EXT. METAL HOUSE BACKYARD - SAME
text: Anton frantically pounds on the back door.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (yanking the door open)
dialog: Devon? Joe?
scene_heading: INT. METAL HOUSE - SAME
text: Anton rushes in. The music is louder here -- Maiden's "666."
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Curtis? Anyone home?
text: The living room walls are plastered floor to ceiling with
text: metal band posters: Black Sabbath, Iron Maiden, Blue Oyster
text: Cult, Ronnie James Dio, Motley Crue. A huge cloth Union Jack
text: covers the picture windows, obscuring the daylight.
dialog: 49
text: two dirtheads in their late 20s, CURTIS and JOE, are passed
text: out on the couch. ~
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Guys! Wake up!
text: He tries desperately to shake Joe into consciousness.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Fuck off.
text: Joe turns over. Anton shakes Curtis.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Come on, wake up! I really need
dialog: your help.
text: Curtis doesn't budge. Anton races for the stairs.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Devon! Where ya at?
text: The MUSIC IS EVEN LOUDER by the front door, coming from the
text: front yard. Anton opens the door.
scene_heading: EXT. METAL HOUSE FRONT YARD - SAME
text: Anton trips over the source of the heavy metal: a boombox,
text: next to a blue Chevy Nova in the driveway.
text: He goes sprawling, coming face-to-face with a PAIR OF LEGS
text: poking out from under the MOTHER OF ALL TRUCKS.
text: Anton tugs on the pantleg in a frenzy.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Dev! I need your help.
text: DEVON rolls out from under the truck, lying on his back on a
text: creeper -- one of those boards with wheels. About 28, with
text: scraggly hair down to his shoulders, a thin mustache, and a
text: black mesh half-shirt, Devon is pure rocker.
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: ‘Sup, Anton? Check out the Ford,
text: man. New shocks and springs.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Listen, you've got to help me.
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: Chill, it's okay. I'll buy you beer.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (shaking his head frantically)
dialog: I'm being possessed. Tell me everything
dialog: you know about the Devil.
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: Why would I know anything about the
dialog: Devil?
text: Anton points to the boombox.
speaker_heading: BOOMBOX
dialog: Six, six, six, the number of the
dialog: beast...
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You listen to this shit all the time.
dialog: You must have picked up some info on
dialog: the guy.
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: Are you out of your fucking mind?
dialog: It's just music. Like Mozart and
dialog: that other fag --
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Beethoven?
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: That's the guy. It's just like their
text: music, only louder. Fucking people
dialog: are always trying to read into it,
dialog: saying metal controls our minds with
dialog: backward messages and shit. I wasted
dialog: a whole year trying to hear a back-
dialog: ward message on that Judas Priest
dialog: album and all I got was a scratched-up
dialog: fucking record.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I'm telling you, Satan is real and
dialog: he's lurking me. If you won't help
dialog: me, can I at least borrow your truck?
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: You are out of your mind. You know
dialog: no one touches the Ford. I'll take
dialog: you for a spin, though, test out my
text: new shocks.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: You know where Retirement Haven is?
dialog: 51
scene_heading: EXT. BOLAN POLICE DEPARTMENT - DAY
text: Debi's motor home monopolizes several spaces in front of
text: Bolan Police Headquarters. Beside it, Ruck and McMacy pull
text: a HANDCUFFED GUY out of their squad car.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Hey, I'll give you guys fifty bucks
dialog: if you let me go.
text: The two cops look at each other.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: Each?
text: The guy nods. Ruck and McMacy make sure the coast is clear
text: and uncuff him.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE DEPARTMENT - SAME
text: Sniffling and looking bereft in head-to-toe black, Debi is
text: seated at a desk in the bustling office. Across the room, a
text: junior officer points her out to CAPTAIN TIDWELL.
text: Captain Tidwell strides over, offering his hand to Debi.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN TIDWELL
dialog: I'm Captain Tidwell. I understand
dialog: you're Ingrid Renan's sister?
text: Debi dabs at her eyes with a Kleenex and smiles up at him
text: through her tears.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Yes. Lisa Renan.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN TIDWELL
dialog: My condolences, Miss Renan. Terrible,
dialog: terrible.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Thank you for seeing me, sir. I have
dialog: to know if there's been any news at all.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN TIDWELL
dialog: My force is doing everything in our
dialog: power.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Please understand, it's just so hard
dialog: to sit at home not knowing who or why.
dialog: If you could just tell me you have a
dialog: suspect, my family could rest easier.
text: Captain Tidwell sighs and ushers Debi into an office.
text: closes the door.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN TIDWELL
text: As the entire town is aware, the
text: killer hasn't left a single clue.
dialog: I'll be straight with you -- now
dialog: that the killing seems to have
dialog: stopped, we have little to go on.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Stopped?
scene_heading: CAPTAIN TIDWELL
dialog: Not a single body has been found in
text: the past several days. Happens all
dialog: the time. These nuts quit as suddenly
dialog: as they began. The harsh truth is,
dialog: it's likely we'll never discover his
dialog: identity.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (dropping her bereaved act)
dialog: Fuck.
scene_heading: INT. MOBILE HOME - A MOMENT LATER
text: Debi sits at the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Missed him again, Hot Train.
text: Hot Train eyes her in silence.
dialog: He
text: Pushing aside a newspaper article with victim Ingrid Renan's
text: name circled, she prints "Unknown Bolan Killer" on a fresh
dialog: file folder.
text: Dejectedly, she begins taking Bolan-related articles down
text: from the wall.
scene_heading: EXT CITY STREET - SAME
text: Devon and Anton drive past a Burger King, where a pack of
text: MOURNERS gather around a shrine of candles obstructing the
dialog: drive-thru.
text: A line of cars trying to use the drine-thru HONK as the
text: Manager pleads with the mourners to clear the way.
dialog: don't budge.
dialog: They
dialog: 53
scene_heading: EXT. RETIREMENT HAVEN - A MOMENT LATER
text: Anton hops out of Devon's truck and Devon peels out.
scene_heading: EXT. RETIREMENT HAVEN ~ A MOMENT LATER
text: Anton walks down a long hallway peppered with OLD PEOPLE. As
text: Anton passes him, a particularily ancient GENTLEMAN slips
text: from his wheelchair and falls to the floor, DEAD.
text: Anton immediately looks at his own hands as an ORDERLY rushes
text: over to check the guy for any signs of life. .
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (seriously distressed)
dialog: I didn't even touch him, I swear!
text: The orderly gives Anton an odd look and Anton hurries down
dialog: the hall. .
scene_heading: INT. GRAMS' ROOM - SAME
text: GRAMS is knitting in an overstuffed easy chair as Anton
text: appears in the open doorway. He knocks on the door frame.
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: Anton! How nice of you to visit!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: How's it going, Grams?
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: Come in. Sit, sit.
text: Anton pulls up a chair.
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: Look how you've grown! You're
dialog: getting to be such a handsome
dialog: young buck. How are your parents?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: That's kinda what I want to talk
dialog: to you about. ..
text: A. badly-wrinkled OLD MAN moseys in and sits on the arm of
text: Grams’ chair. He puts his hand on her knee.
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: Anton, I'd like you to meet my
dialog: boyfriend, Leon.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: ANTON :
dialog: I was hoping we could speak in
dialog: private.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Let me tell you something, sonny.
dialog: If I had a horse, I'd buy it oats
dialog: and fuck it.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: You can speak freely in front of
dialog: Leon, dear. ‘He's a few sandwiches
dialog: short of a. picnic.
speaker_heading: ANTON :
dialog: Pickin's are pretty slim here, huh,
dialog: Grams?
text: Grams sighs and nods.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Grams, I really need your help. I
dialog: know you believe in superstitions
dialog: and all that dark magic stuff.
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: Ran my own cult for 35 years.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Yeah, so I figured you'd understand.
dialog: See, I...1...
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: Spit it out, dear.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: The Devil is using me as an instrument
dialog: of death.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Boy's a killer, Reba.
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: Hush, Leon. Anton, I'm really not
dialog: surprised.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You're not?
speaker_heading: GRAMS :
dialog: The way your parents raised you,
dialog: letting you sit around on your
dialog: duff all day watching TV, it makes
dialog: perfect sense. Did you learn one
dialog: single constructive thing today in
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: It's Sunday, Grams.
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: It's the old Idle Hands clause.
text: Satan is taking his due.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: Idle hands are the Devil's play-
dialog: ground, Anton. I don't blame you,
dialog: of course.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: It's your parents' fault. You've
dialog: always been a very lazy boy and
dialog: they've done nothing to correct it.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I've always said this younger
dialog: generation is lazy. You need to
dialog: learn discipline and self-control.
dialog: Whoops, soiled myself again.
text: Leon hops out of the room.
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: Hand me the phone, Anton. We'll get
dialog: your parents over here and put an
dialog: end to this.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (very quietly, pained)
dialog: Grams, I killed Mom and Dad.
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: Oh, dear.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: And my friends and-- Oh, no!
dialog: Grams, what if I . . . What if the
dialog: Devil makes me kill you, too?
text: Anton staggers backward with huge, scared eyes.
speaker_heading: ANTON .
dialog: I better go.
speaker_heading: GRAMS
dialog: It's okay, Anton, I have an idea that
dialog: just might save you. Come here.
text: Anton approaches her reluctantly.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: The TV is on and Anton is kicked back in his usual spot on
text: the couch, happy as a clam.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (to the TV)
dialog: You tell ‘em, Mr. Furley!
text: PAN DOWN to reveal Anton's hands busily KNITTING. About 30
text: feet of green scarf stretch across the floor.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (laughing at the TV)
dialog: And to think, it's all just a big
dialog: misunderstanding.
text: Suddenly, the front door flies open. In walk the decomposing
text: bodies of Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy, their death wounds gaping.
text: Jimmy holds his head in one hand and his heart -- still
text: attached to his innards by a vein ~- in the other.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (leaping to his feet)
dialog: Stay back!
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Relax. We're not here to kill you.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Are you bringing another message from
dialog: Satan?
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: No, we just need a place to kick it.
text: The three corpses plop down on Anton's couch.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Turns out we didn't make the cut.
dialog: Heaven or Hell. We're fully border-
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: So now we're in limbo until we avenge
dialog: our deaths.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (backing up against the TV)
dialog: I knew it! You guys are gonna smite
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Dammit, Anton, calm down. We like
dialog: limbo. It's cool, we get to just hang
dialog: out. No school, no jobs, nothing's
dialog: expected of us.
speaker_heading: JIMMY'S HEAD
dialog: Anton, you're blocking the TV. Jack's
text: about to accuse Janet of being a dyke.
text: Jimmy holds his head out to the side to can see around Anton.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You're lying. You guys came from hell.
dialog: Why else would you bring a message from
dialog: Satan?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: He knew we were coming back to Earth,
text: so he stops me on the way and asks me
dialog: to do him a favor. What am I gonna
dialog: say? No?
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Yeah, why would we go to Hell? We're
dialog: not evil. I mean, it's not like we're
dialog: good or anything, but at least we don't
dialog: go around killing people.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Hey, fuck you, I didn't kill anyone
dialog: on purpose.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: So you knit now?
dialog: 58
text: Anton looks down at the knitting needles in his hands.
text: They're idle. He immediately starts knitting again.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Yeah, my grandmother broke it down
dialog: for me. Idle hands are the Devil's
dialog: playground. I have to keep my hands
dialog: busy.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Anton, I don't think that saying is
dialog: meant literally. It's more, you know...
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Metaphorical.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: My hands are the only things I. have
dialog: trouble controlling. The rest of
text: me responds to my brain just fine.
text: The knitting keeps my hands. occupied
dialog: while freeing my mind up for other
dialog: stuff.
text: Anton squeezes onto the couch with the guys and starts
text: watching TV, knitting away. Mick fishes the bong out from
text: under the couch and lights up.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTON'S HOUSE -- SAME
text: A cop car pulls up. Ruck and McMacy hop out and sneak around
text: the side of the house.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: Let's see what our boy's up to.
text: They peek in a window and GASP as they see Anton knitting
text: next to three motionless, open-mouthed corpses. Jimmy's head
text: rests on his lap.
text: Ruck and McMacy duck down.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: Holy shit! Anton's the killer!
speaker_heading: McMACY
dialog: (standing)
dialog: We better call for back-up.
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: (pulling McMacy back down)
dialog: Hold on a sec. If we bring him in
dialog: ourselves, we'll be heros.
speaker_heading: McMACY
dialog: Yeah! But can we do that? I mean,
dialog: we can't break in there without a
dialog: warrant.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: Piss on the Bill of Rights! We've
dialog: got just cause! There are three dead
dialog: kids in there, one of ‘em missing a
dialog: head. Nobody's gonna fault us for
dialog: bringing that sicko to justice.
speaker_heading: MCMACY
dialog: Okay, let's do it.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: One more thing. That's kid is obviously
dialog: a Grade-A psychc. Don't feel compelled
dialog: to bring him in alive.
speaker_heading: McMACY
dialog: I never do.
text: The cops draw their guns and creep toward the front door.
scene_heading: INT. ANTON'S LIVINGROOM -- SAME
text: The four kids sit glassy-eyed on the couch, staring through a
text: haze of pot smoke at the TV as . . . Ruck and McMacy kick the
text: door in, guns pointed at Anton's head.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: Freeze!
text: Anton jumps up. The other three don't even twitch. Anton
text: looks at the cops and then glances wildly around the room in
text: a trapped panic.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Guys! What's should I do?
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: (turning)
dialog: I think--
speaker_heading: McMACY
dialog: (shooting Pnub in the head)
dialog: Aaahhhh!
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: PNUB :
dialog: (rubbing his new bullet wound)
dialog: I was gonna say I think you should
dialog: do what the officers tell you, but
dialog: I changed my mind.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Really, man. Just kill ‘en.
speaker_heading: McMACY
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: They're alive!
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: They are not. You just shot one in
dialog: the head. And that one's head isn't
dialog: even attached. They're obviously
dialog: zombies or something. :
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (to the boys)
dialog: Look, I don't want to kill anybody.
dialog: Well, anybody else, at least.
speaker_heading: JIMMY'S HEAD
dialog: You don't want to go to jail, though.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Jail! That's it! I'll give myself
dialog: up and they'll put me in a rubber room
dialog: where I can't hurt anyone!
dialog: (to the cops)
dialog: Here, cuff me.
text: Anton holds his hands out in front of him, continuing to
text: knit. Ruck holsters his gun and pulls out his handcuffs.
text: McMacy keeps his gun trained on Anton.
speaker_heading: RUCK
dialog: Okay, now drop the knitting needles.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Believe me, that's not a good idea.
dialog: Just cuff me already.
text: But as Ruck reaches out to slap the cuffs on, Anton SPEARS
text: Ruck's hand with one knitting needle and THRUSTS the other
text: needle through the underside of Ruck's jaw, up into his
dialog: brain.
text: Lightening-quick, Anton spins Ruck's body around, using it as
text: a shield, as McMacy FIRES his first shot.
dialog: 61
text: As bullets spray the dead cop's chest, Anton pulls Ruck's gun
text: from its holster and SHOOTS McMacy right between the eyes.
text: Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy applaud. Anton drops Ruck's body
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (distressed)
dialog: Stop that! It wasn't me! I had no
dialog: control over my hands. The fucking
dialog: knitting didn't help at all.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: See? I told you that saying was
dialog: metaphorical.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Oh, shitit!!
text: He points the gun at the cop corpses in a panic. The dead
text: boys look at him, puzzled.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Ruck and McMacy are gonna try to
dialog: avenge their deaths now! Stand back!
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Their asses went straight to Hell,
text: Anton. Heaven frowns on dirty cops.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Didn't you see those little black
dialog: demons whisk their souls away?
text: Anton shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (to Pnub and Jimmy)
dialog: Maybe you gotta be dead to see that.
text: As Pnub and Jimmy agree, Anton throws the gun down and stares
text: at his hands, distraught.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: What the fuck am I going to do?
dialog: Satan obviously isn't going to let
dialog: me turn myself in.
dialog: (a beat, then--)
dialog: I know!
text: He marches into the kitchen. The guys haul themselves off
text: the couch and follow him.
dialog: 62
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- SAME
text: Anton grabs the still-bloody knife and pulls out the cutting
text: board. He lays his right hand on the cutting board and
text: RAISES THE KNIFE with his left.
speaker_heading: . MICK
dialog: Oh, no way!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: It's the only thing I can think of.
scene_heading: 1 JIMMY'S HEAD
dialog: I can't watch!
text: Jimmy turns his head to face his own gaping chest.
text: Anton grits his teeth, raises the knife high in the air, and
text: SWINGS it down. The knife STOPS in mid-air, less than an
text: inch above his right wrist.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: I knew you wouldn't do it.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (struggling to push
dialog: the knife down)
text: It's not me. Satan's trying to stop
dialog: me.
text: Anton shuts his eyes and concentrates, trying with all his
text: might to force the knife down, but it WON'T BUDGE.
text: Finally, he jumps into the air, using the entire weight of
text: his body to press down on the back of the knife, forcing it
text: THROUGH HIS WRIST and bringing it to a satisfying THWACK
text: against the cutting board.
text: Anton SCREAMS like a man who just cut his own hand off. He
text: lifts his right arm...
text: Not only is blood spewing out fast and thick, but his hand is
text: still PARTIALLY ATTACHED to his wrist. It DANGLES by a
dialog: thread.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Oh, sick.
text: Anton, grimacing in incredible agony, grabs his right hand
text: and JERKS IT OFF.
text: He SCREAMS even louder this time. He grips his bloody stump
text: and falls to the floor in pain.
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: That looks bad. You should really
dialog: put something on it.
text: Mick grabs a small kitchen towel, wraps it around Anton's
text: stump, and secures it with a rubberband.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: That'll stop the bleeding, but how
dialog: the hell are you planning to cut off
dialog: your other hand??
text: Anton frowns. Holding the knife in his left hand, he makes a
text: few backwards slashing attempts, but doesn't even come -close
text: to reaching his left wrist.
text: He tries to position the knife above his wrist with his right
text: arm, but he can't push it through. He turns to the guys.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Mick, be a bud and cut off my hand?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Too gross.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Pnub?
text: Pnub shakes his head too.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: C'mon, Jimmy. Please?
text: Jimmy's head dry-heaves.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Fine. Fuck you guys then.
text: Leaning over, Anton lays his left hand on the floor, nudges
text: the knife up onto his wrist, and tries to push it through
text: with his FOOT -- but the blade just keeps falling sideways.
text: He doggedly goes back to the cutting board. He grips the
text: knife in his TEETH and bobs his head up and down over his
text: arm, but can only make pathetic little scratches.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I really don't think self-mutilation's
dialog: the answer here, Anton. I mean, you're
dialog: dealing with Satan -- no matter what you
dialog: do, he'll find a way to fuck with you.
dialog: 64
text: Anton suddenly spits the knife out and clutches his towel-
text: wrapped stump, wincing hard.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (in agony)
text: The pain's really starting to kick in.
text: He holds his arm tight against his chest, sqeeezing his eyes
text: shut and breathing hard as .. .-
text: the tip of a shiny, double-edged BLADE pokes through the
text: bloody towel, EXTENDING from Anton's wrist. Anton SCREAMS,
text: but he doesn't see the blade growing wickedly upward, heading
text: for the soft underside of his chin.
dialog: The guys GASP.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Anton, look out!
text: Anton's eyes spring open as Mick grabs his arm, pulling the
text: blade's tip away. As Anton stares in horror, the knife
text: continues to GROW straight out of his stump. When it reaches
text: a foot long, it stops and glints evilly.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: I knew you couldn't outsmart Satan.
speaker_heading: JIMMY'S HEAD
dialog: At least you can cut your other hand
text: off now.
text: They all look at Jimmy.
speaker_heading: JIMMY'S HEAD
dialog: If you still want to, I mean.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Look at that fucking thing. It's gonna
dialog: get infected for sure.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Anton, you got any antiseptic?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (in shock)
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Don't worry, I've got a first-aid kit
dialog: at my house. We'll just hop over and
dialog: grab it.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: You wait here, Anton. Try not to move,
dialog: or you'll lose more blood. We'll be
dialog: right back to fix you up.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: Okay.
text: The guys take off and Anton is left alone in the kitchen. He
text: starts to bury his face in his hands, but thinks the better
text: of it and buries his face in just his left hand.
text: On the floor below the cutting board, Anton's DISMEMBERED
text: HAND lies in a pool of blood. Suddenly, a FINGER TWITCHES.
text: Anton's face is still hidden as his right hand starts INCHING
text: slowly toward him...
text: Undetected, the hand crawls up his pantleg and onto his
text: shirt, but when the hand brushes against the bare skin at the
text: base of Anton's neck, Anton looks down.
text: Before Anton can react, the hand has him by the throat. He
text: falls back against the floor, struggling for breath and
text: pulling at the hand with his left hand.
text: He can't budge the hand. It SQUEEZES TIGHTER. Anton's face
text: goes pale as he tries to wheeze. The hand's knuckles turn
text: white, squeezing hard.
text: Anton works his blade-appendage between the hand and his
text: throat. Cutting his neck badly in the process, Anton manages
text: to pry the hand loose.
text: With one hard jerk, he sends the hand flying. It smacks
text: against the fridge and falls to the floor, MOTIONLESS.
text: From out of nowhere, CHILLINGLY SINISTER LAUGHTER erupts.
text: As Anton glances around the room in a panic, searching for
text: the source of the laughter, the hand SPRINGS back up and
text: flies at him as a FIST. It PUNCHES Anton in the jaw.
text: He reels back, punch-drunk, too dazed to resist as the hand
text: grabs Anton's left wrist and sets it on the cutting board.
text: The evil hand seizes the knife Anton used earlier and RAISES
text: IT above Anton's left wrist as...
dialog: 66
text: the DOORBELL RINGS.
text: Anton snaps.out of his daze and pulls his left arm away just |
text: as the evil hand THWACKS the knife against the cutting board.
text: The doorbell rings again.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (OS)
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Anton?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Shit!
text: He goes to look at his watch, but it's still wrapped around |
text: the severed wrist -- FLYING through the air, knife pointed at
text: Anton's face.
text: Anton blocks. it with his own blade. As they SWORDFIGHT ...
speaker_heading: MOLLY (0S)
dialog: Anton! Are you home?
scene_heading: VOICE FROM NOWHERE
dialog: (sinister whisper)
dialog: Molly, isn't it, Anton?
text: Anton's eyes widen in fear.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Don't hurt her! I'11l do whatever
dialog: you want, just don't hurt her!
scene_heading: VOICE FROM NOWHERE
dialog: (sinister whisper)
dialog: I'm not going to hurt. her.
text: Anton looks sick. He eyes his severed hand with new dread.
text: The doorbell RINGS again.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Molly, get the fuck out of here,
dialog: you bitch!
text: The evil hand pushes its knife hard against Anton's blade,
text: backing Anton up against the counter. Beyond it, Anton can
text: see DOWN THE HALL into the entry way -- Molly's pressing her
text: face against the frosted glass, trying to look inside.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Anton, quit being cute and let me in!
dialog: 67
text: Anton struggles to shove the hand's knife back, but the hand
text: is stronger. It forces Anton's own double-edged blade to
text: press against his face. It BREAKS THE SKIN on his cheek and
text: blood trickles down.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTON'S FRONT PORCH -- SAME
text: Molly's dressed in a nun's habit. A wooden cross sticks
text: straight out from her chest and blood glistens around the
dialog: fake wound.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Dammit, Anton, we're late! I'm
text: coming in.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME
text: The knife presses deeper into his face.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: No! Stay out, Molly, I mean it!
scene_heading: EXT. ANTON'S FRONT PORCH -- SAME
text: Molly tries the doorknob. The door swings open easily,
text: having been kicked in earlier by the cops. She steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- SAME
text: Molly steps over the two cop corpses with a puzzled look.
text: STRANGE SOUNDS ‘can be heard from the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- SAME
text: Anton reaches to the side with his good hand and pulls a PAN
text: out of the sink. He gives the evil hand a good WHACK,
text: knocking the knife from its grasp.
text: While the hand is momentarily stunned, Anton grabs it and
text: SHOVES it into a ceramic Cookie Monster COOKIE JAR.
text: Holding the cookie jar shut between his chest and right arm,
text: he pulls rubberbands from a drawer and fastens the cookie jar
text: lid on tight.
text: He sets the cookie jar back on the counter just as Molly
text: enters. She takes in the bloody cutting board, bloody knife,
text: bloody floor, and bloody Anton with a ANNOYED SIGH.
speaker_heading: VO
dialog: . WB.
dialog: Look, you should've called. You
dialog: needed more time to do your costume,
dialog: fine, but I hate waiting. Let's.go
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Molly, I'm the killer.
scene_heading: : MOLLY .
dialog: Uh-huh. Not real original, you know.
dialog: Half the kids at the dance'll be dressed
dialog: as the killer. That knife hand's kinda
dialog: ¢ool, though.
text: She reaches out to ‘touch it. Anton backs. away from her.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I'm not kidding. You've got to get
dialog: out of here.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What's up with those dead cops in your
dialog: living room? They look pretty real.
dialog: Are they part of your costume?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Molly, listen to me! I--
text: He stops in surprise as his blade arm turns horizontally in
text: front of him and RAISES itself into the air. As Anton stares
text: at it, stunned, the blade PULLS him toward Molly.
text: He pulls back with his good hand, but it's no use. His feet
text: slide across the floor as he struggles to stop himself.
speaker_heading: ANTON
text: (coming at her uncontrollably)
dialog: Molly, run!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Save it for the costume judges. Can
dialog: we go now?
text: As his blade reaches her throat, Anton shoves Molly back with
text: his good hand, trying to keep her out of cutting range. Up
text: against the back door, she rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (unenthused)
dialog: Fine. Help, help. The killer's
dialog: got me.
dialog: 69
text: But the blade closes in on her despite Anton's efforts. It
text: presses against her throat.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Anton, quit it! That hurts!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: I'm trying! I can't help it!
text: She tries to push him off her, but can't. He tries to hold
text: the blade back, but can't.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I'm sorry, Molly. There's nothing
dialog: else I can do.
text: He leans in, kisses her, and PRESSES HIS OWN THROAT AGAINST
text: THE BLADE.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: At least Satan won't win.
text: In one swift movement, he jerks his head sideways, SLITTING
text: his own THROAT.
text: Everything goes BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - EVENING
text: Debi pours Hot Train a dish of birdseed. The parrot hops
text: wordlessly onto the edge of the dish and eats, flinging seed
text: and shells everywhere.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (disgruntled)
dialog: Not even a thank you?
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - SAME
text: Debi steps out. The motor home is parked beneath the neon,
text: coffee-cup shaped sign of THE HOTCAKE HOUSE. Debi slams the
text: Winnebago door.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Dumb bird.
text: She stalks into the diner as a blue Chevy Nova -- carrying
text: Devon, Joe, and Curtis -- cruises into the lot, blasting
text: Motley Crue's "Shout At the Devil."
scene_heading: INT. ANTON'S KITCHEN -- SAME
text: CLOSE ON Anton's slit throat as the gash miraculously seals
text: itself shut. It doesn't look pretty, but it's obviously
text: doing the job because Anton sits up, dazed.
text: ANTON'S POV: Everything's blurry. He can hear:
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (shrieking in terror)
dialog: Anton! Anton, help!
text: But he can't see her. He shakes his head and focuses on
text: jagged pieces. As his vision sharpens, the pieces become
text: broken cookie jar. shards on the floor.
text: Anton turns immediately to see his disembodied hand CHOKING
text: Molly against the back door. Her screams fade; she BLACKS
text: OUT and COLLAPSES onto the floor.
scene_heading: VOICE FROM NOWHERE
dialog: (sinister whisper)
dialog: I'll always win, Anton.
text: The spine-chilling laughter fills the room again as Anton
text: hurls himself toward the unconscious Molly. He lifts his
text: blade to SPEAR the hand, but stops abruptly.
text: On second thought, he uses his good hand to bend back the
text: evil hands fingers one by one. He pries the hand loose and
text: it turns on him, bitch-slapping Anton across the face.
text: Anton stumbles back. The hand flies at him again, but this
text: time, Anton puts his knife-hand up to block it -- and the
text: hand IMPALES ITSELF on Anton's blade.
text: Anton opens the MICROWAVE, flings the hand in, shuts the
text: door, and turns it on HIGH.
text: The evil hand's skin bubbles and then bursts against the
text: microwave door in.a mess of seared flesh and blood.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Gross.
scene_heading: INT. HOTCAKE HOUSE - SAME
text: Devon, Joe, and Curtis lift their overloaded food trays from
text: the buffet line and look around the crowded Hotcake House.
text: Every table is occupied.
dialog: 71
text: Debi is sitting alone in a booth, barely picking at a pizza-
text: sized pancake. Devon gives her his best puppy-dog eyes.
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: Excuse me, ma'am? Do you mind if
dialog: my friends and I share this booth
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (not looking up)
dialog: Hal :
text: Devon, Curtis, and Joe look at each other and shrug. They
text: slide into Debi's booth and begin devouring their food,
text: talking with their mouths full.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (to Debi)
dialog: Hey, you got the pizza-sized pancake
dialog: too.
text: Debi doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: Do you live around here?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No, I live over --
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: Not you, dick, her.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: You want to know where I live?
text: Devon nods and then adds:
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: Not like we're loony or anything.
dialog: We won't stalk you.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I have no home. I don't get to have
dialog: a home.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You need a place to crash?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Let me ask you something. How did you
dialog: guys spend your day today?
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Hungover.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
text: And Dev. spent hours laying on his back
text: in the driveway.
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: New shocks.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I've never had a driveway. I've never
dialog: even had a hangover.
text: The guys. look at her with pity.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: You know how I spend my days? I
dialog: drive around the country looking
dialog: for the Devil.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What are you, some kind of freak?
dialog: You've really never been hungover?
text: Devon kicks Curtis under the table, but Debi ignores them.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: That's right, Satan himself. Oh, I
dialog: know what you're thinking. Why would
text: a clever, yet attractive, young woman
dialog: waste her life away searching for
dialog: Satan? Because I have to. It's my
dialog: freaking destiny.
text: Devon, Curtis, and Joe have no response to that.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: That's right. I'm not a religious
dialog: zealot or a cultist. Evil doesn't
dialog: even bother me all that much. I just
dialog: have absolutely no say in my own life.
dialog: And here's the kicker.
text: (they stare blankly at her)
dialog: I actually have the one thing that
dialog: can rid this world of Satan forever
text: -- on an ancient scroll passed down
dialog: through generations of LeCure women
dialog: -- a holy incantation that will
dialog: banish the Prince of Darkness to hell.
text: Devon, Curtis, and Joe shovel food into their mouths.
text: The guys shrug.
dialog: 73,
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I know what you're thinking. Of course
dialog: there's a catch. In order to send the
dialog: Devil packing, I have to read the
text: incantation to his face.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (pointing at her pancake)
dialog: You gonna eat that?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Help yourself. But reading it to his
dialog: face is virtually impossible, you under-
dialog: stand. Satan almost never appears on
dialog: earth himself. He uses humans —- the
text: weak-minded and slothful -- to do his
dialog: dirty work.
speaker_heading: DEVON .
dialog: (to be polite)
dialog: Why is that, anyway? Why doesn't he
dialog: do it himself?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Are you kidding? Do you have any idea
dialog: how hot it is in Hell?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Even the hottest places in the world
dialog: must be thousands of degrees below
dialog: what Satan's used to. The Devil can't
dialog: hack the cold long enough to do much
dialog: evil himself.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: He gets too cold??
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: Duh, Joe. Why do you think there's no
dialog: crime in Antarctica?
dialog: (to Debi)
dialog: So. How does one go about tracking
dialog: Satan?
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: I'll tell you.
text: She waits for them to egg her on. They don't.
speaker_heading: DEBI
text: I read the papers and watch the
dialog: news. When I hear about a deranged
text: serial killer on the loose, odds are
dialog: Satan's involved. I head to that
dialog: town in hopes of finding the Devil
text: before he moves on to the next schmuck.
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: Weird. Satan's like the topic of
dialog: the day or something. Earlier today,
dialog: Anton told me Satan was possessing him.
text: Eyes wide, Debi ‘reaches across the table and grabs Devon by
text: his Black Sabbath concert T-shirt.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Don't screw with me, mister.
text: Devon pulls his shirt from Debi's grip.
speaker_heading: DEVON
dialog: Ease up there, kitten. I'm telling
dialog: you the truth. He was pretty freaked.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Tell me where he lives. Now!!!
scene_heading: INT. ANTON'S KITCHEN -- SAME
text: Anton's checking Molly's pulse -- he finds it.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Thank God!
scene_heading: VOICE FROM NOWHERE
dialog: (sinister whisper)
dialog: He had nothing to do with it.
text: Anton turns, looking around wildly for the source of the
text: voice, but again he finds no one. He puts his good hand
text: protectively on Molly.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (to the room in general)
dialog: What do you want?
scene_heading: VOICE FROM NOWHERE
dialog: (sinister whisper)
dialog: Kill her.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: No!
dialog: 74
text: He turns back to Molly in a panic. 7 5,
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Molly! Molly, wake up! You have
dialog: to get out of here. Molly!
text: He slaps her face gently with his good hand. She doesn't
dialog: stir. .
text: As Anton slaps her harder, desperately, his knife-hand RISES
text: at his side. Unnoticed, it positions itself above Anton's
text: head, its vicious point AIMED at Molly's forehead.
text: Anton turns from Molly in despair -- and sees his reflection
text: on the oven door: the blade PLUNGES toward Molly.
text: Anton CATCHES THE BLADE in his good hand, just inches from
text: her face. Blood trickles from his fist, around the sharp
text: metal and down his wrist, as he jerks himself away.
text: He kicks the back door OPEN and runs out.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTCAKE HOUSE PARKING LOT - SAME
text: Debi scrambles into the driver's seat clutching a hand-drawn
text: MAP on a napkin.
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Hang on, Hot Train. We hit the
dialog: jackpot!
text: She peels out. On the other side of the restaurant window,
text: Devon, Curtis, and Joe shake their heads and continue eating.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD -- SAME
text: Anton's good hand is trashed -- the palm is deeply sliced.
text: Ignoring that, he grasps the blade again and PULLS with a
text: vengeance, trying to yank the blade from his stump . . . No
dialog: luck.
text: He peeks under the dishtowel -- his stump has FUSED SHUT
text: around the base of the knife -- it's now part of his body.
text: The wound is compltely closed and the blood is gone, but it's
text: hideous-looking. Anton jerks the dishtowel back into place.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (yelling, enraged)
dialog: I will not do this anymore! I'm going
text: back inside and calling an ambulance
dialog: for Molly..
dialog: 76
text: He glances around the dark back yard defiantly, waiting for a
text: response. Getting none, he adds:
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Ya fuck.
text: As he stalks back toward the house, a sudden wind comes up,
text: rustling the leaves on the ground and CHILLING Anton to the
text: bone. He stops short.
scene_heading: SINISTER WHISPER BEHIND HIM
dialog: Oh, Anton. . .
text: Anton slowly turns -- to find no one. He turns back toward
text: the door and. finds himself face-to-chest with THE DEVIL.
text: Anton jumps. Satan looms over him, 8 feet high with horns,
text: tail, and forked tongue, a deep blood-red. on closer
text: inspection, his body is a sea of constantly moving blood,
text: with small wormlike creatures swimming in it.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Holy shit!!!
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You're going back in there alright --
dialog: to kill her.
dialog: (moving slowly in on Anton)
dialog: See, the way it works is, you're my
dialog: bitch. You live to pleasure me.
text: Anton inches away, unable to run, eyes wide with fright.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: And tonight's a big night for you.
dialog: If you can't get it together to kill
dialog: one dumb chick, how are you going to
dialog: slaughter several hundred of your peers?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (barely squeaking it out)
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You, Anton, are the result of a
dialog: millennium of carefully planned DNA
dialog: experimentation. You're the supreme
text: sinner, built to butcher.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Really?
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Don't be stupid. You're just a
dialog: random choice. Now listen, you have
dialog: the perfect set-up tonight.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (whimpering)
dialog: You don't need me. You could do it
dialog: yourself. Please, just let me have
dialog: my life back.
text: Satan grabs Anton by the collar and LIFTS HIM OFF THE GROUND.
text: He's face-to-face with the Devil and scared out of his mind.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Get this through your head, boy.
dialog: You have no life to get back.
dialog: You're a murderer. You killed your
dialog: parents and your friends. You have
dialog: have a knife for a hand, and you're
text: right-handed.
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You think you can have a normal life?
dialog: Your only path lies with me now.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SAME
text: The Winnebago takes a corner at top speed.
text: The large vehicle leans precariously, racing on two wheels
text: for an instant before righting itself with a thud. Debi
text: doesn't slow down.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME
text: Molly comes to and gets up, looking extremely confused.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF ANTON'S HOUSE -- SAME
text: Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy head down the sidewalk toward Anton's
text: house carrying a first-aid kit, some frozen burritos, and
text: Jimmy's head, respectively.
text: They see Molly step out of Anton's house, rubbing her
text: temples. She crosses the street toward her own house.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Think they did it?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Or he tried to kill her.
dialog: 78
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD —— SAME
text: Anton looks down, cringing, as Satan continues to hold him
text: off the ground and rant. Little flecks of Satan-spittle fly
text: into Anton's face.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: I turned you into a killer piece by
dialog: piece, Anton. You belong to me.
dialog: Now get in there and kill that girl.
text: Anton musters his courage. He takes a deep breath, and then
dialog: another, and then:
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (timid but determined)
dialog: I can't. I love her.
text: Satan throws Anton to the ground in disgust.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You would never even have spoken to
dialog: her if it wasn't for me. I got you
dialog: laid. I made you kiss her. You
dialog: think a ballsy move like that came
dialog: from your own will?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: You wouldn't do anything good for me.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Anton, I'm the Devil. I'm into lust.
dialog: I take time out for a good fuck-show
dialog: whenever I can.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: You watched???
text: Satan grins evilly and SHIVERS in the cold wind blowing
text: across the yard.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (getting to his feet)
dialog: You know what? Fuck you.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO CAB - SAME
text: Debi checks the map, catches sight of a street sign, and
text: suddenly yanks the wheel. They fly into an intersection,
text: against a red light. Traffic on all sides screeches to a
text: halt. Debi keeps going.
dialog: 79
text: Hot Train flaps his wings furiously, trying to maintain his
text: balance amid the chaos of the cab.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- SAME
text: The dead boys arrive to find Anton gone.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: He must be in the pisser. Fire
dialog: those up, Pnub. I'm starved!
text: Pnub opens the microwave door and the HAND-- now nothing but
text: a skeleton with a few chunks of cooked flesh clinging to the
text: bones -- FLIES OUT at him.
text: The hand zooms past Pnub's head, crashes through a window,
text: and DISAPPEARS into the night.
text: The boys look at each other. They don't know what to say.
text: Mick shrugs.
text: Jimmy holds his head up to look at the blood and guts in the
dialog: microwave.
speaker_heading: JIMMY'S HEAD
dialog: Maybe we should clean it first,
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Yeah, and while we're at it, we'll
dialog: just clean the whole fucking house.
dialog: This isn't our mess.
text: He rips a paper towel from a roll and places it in the
text: microwave. He sets the frozen burritos in on top of it and
text: turns the microwave on.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD -- SAME
text: Arms crossed over his chest, bored out of his mind, Satan
text: taps his fingers on one arm as the WIND PICKS UP.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (fuming)
dialog: + + « and, you big, red fuck, you're
dialog: right, I don't have much of a life
dialog: anymore. But I'll be damned if I'm
dialog: gonna spend the rest of it killing
dialog: people so you can get off.
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: (shivering in the cold wind)
dialog: You're already damned.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (throwing his hands up)
dialog: So what? Hell can't be worse than
dialog: this.
dialog: (realizing something)
dialog: And I've been resisting you. If you
dialog: were so all-powerful, I would've
dialog: killed Molly already. That's why
dialog: you showed up, isn't it?
text: Satan's eyes blaze with'’rage. He tries to uncross his arms,
text: but his JOINTS have STIFFENED in the cold.
text: Anton looks puzzled as Satan grimaces and forces one stiff
text: finger to POINT at the ground.
text: A RING OF FIRE springs up around the Devil. He moves his
text: arms and shoulders slowly as his JOINTS WARM and loosen up.
text: Suddenly, a strong wind blows the fire out.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: (annoyed, shivering again)
dialog: Look, I don't have time for this.
dialog: You don't want to be the predator?
dialog: Fine. Let's see how you like being
text: one of the prey.
text: Anton suddenly SCREAMS and clutches his knife-hand ...
text: At the base of the knife, BLOOD seeps through the dishtowel
text: wrapped around his stump. Anton HOWLS in intense PAIN.
text: Satan's freezing, his TEETH CHATTERING in the cold, but he
text: can't leave before basking in Anton's agony.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You're no longer under my protection,
dialog: Anton. How does it feel?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (gritting his teeth)
dialog: It's worth it.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You think you've stopped me? My plans
dialog: don't revolve around some piddly human.
dialog: Enjoy the massacre!
text: Satan vanishes. Anton books for the back door.
dialog: 81
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- SAME
text: His stump DRIPS BLOOD across the kitchen floor as Anton
text: rushes in to find Molly gone.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (yelling, panicked)
dialog: Molly??
text: He hears voices in the living room...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- SAME
text: Anton hurries in to find Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy kicking it on
text: the couch, watching TV.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Guys! Where's Molly??
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: She left. So did you guys do it?
text: Anton rushes to the door, frantic.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (barely paying attention)
dialog: No. Well, yes, but not today--
text: He's interrupted by the DING of the microwave. He stops with
text: his hand on the doorknob, eyes wide, turning toward the
text: kitchen in horror.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Hey, since you're up, would you grab
dialog: those burritos out of the microwave?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Don't tell me you let my hand out??!
text: The guys look at each other, slightly embarrassed. Mick
text: lights the bong.
speaker_heading: JIMMY'S HEAD
dialog: We brought you a first-aid kit.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Where's my hand??
speaker_heading: PNUB /
text: It broke a window and bolted. There
dialog: wasn't anything we could do.
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Shit. Look, I have to find Molly. Now
dialog: that I'm not the killer anymore, I--
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: You're not?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Satan let me off the hook.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Well, alright then.
dialog: (offering Anton the bong)
dialog: Take a hit and relax.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I can't. I mean, I really should
dialog: check on Molly. Plus, Satan plans
dialog: on offing a whole shitload of people
dialog: tonight, and my hand is out there
dialog: doing who knows what. Don't you
dialog: think I should do something?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: What for? It's not your problem any-
dialog: more. Let the cops handle it.
text: Anton looks down at the two dead cops at his feet.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Still, I feel kinda responsible.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: No one's blaming you, Anton. Come
dialog: on, take a hit. Maybe we'll head
text: Over to the dance later.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: The dance! That's where Satan wanted
dialog: me to go! He's.gonna kill everyone
dialog: at the dance tonight!
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Calm down, Anton. There's nothing
dialog: you can do. I say just kick back
dialog: and forget about it.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: No. Not this time.’ I've spent my
dialog: whole life--
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Okay, okay. No speeches. Just go.
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Right.
text: He grabs a set of keys off the desk and leaves.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Maybe we should go to the dance now.
dialog: You know, before Satan kills everyone.
speaker_heading: JIMMY'S HEAD
dialog: Yeah. I bet you I win Best Costume.
text: Mick and Pnub narrow their eyes at Jimmy's gaping chest wound
text: and severed head.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: You can't go like that, Jimmy.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: We'll touch you up a bit.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SAME
text: Debi's motor home zips past the park, turning onto Anton's
dialog: street.
scene_heading: INT. ANTON'S GARAGE - SAME
text: Anton plops down into the seat of his Dad's sportscar. He
text: looks from the STICKSHIFT to his bloody blade hand. It's not
dialog: gonna work.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Fuck!
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD - SAME
text: Anton races into the front yard and glances around. Through
text: the chain-link fence, he sees DEVON'S TRUCK parked in the
text: driveway next door.
text: Just beyond him, Debbie's Winnebago is hauling ass toward his
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - SAME
text: As Debi roars into Anton's DRIVEWAY, she sees Anton hopping
text: the fence. She quickly flips her napkin-map over to reveal a
text: crude sketch of Anton's head.
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: We've got him, Hot Train! Look out,
dialog: Satan, we're right on your ass!
text: She scrambles from the cab to her living room and dives under
text: the kitchen table, spinning the safe's combination locks.
scene_heading: EXT. METAL. HOUSE DRIVEWAY. - SAME
text: Devon's truck is unlocked. Anton yanks the door open and
dialog: jumps in.
text: With Hot Train perched on her shoulder, Debi hurls herself
text: out of the Winnebago. The ANCIENT SCROLL GLOWS in her hand
text: as she races. around the fence toward him.
text: IN THE TRUCK
text: No keys. Anton shoves the tip of his knife blade into the
text: truck's ignition and gives it a quick twist. But...
text: The base of the blade ROTATES IN HIS STUMP instead of in the
text: ignition. Anton YELPS and rips off the dishtowel -- now
text: soaked through with blood.
text: No longer fused shut, his stump is the gory open wound it
text: should be -- but with a knife shoved into it.
text: He wiggles the knife -- it's slightly LOOSE.
text: Holding it firmly with his good hand, Anton WINCES as he
text: forces the kinife-tip to turn in the ignition.
text: IN THE DRIVEWAY
text: Just as Debi rushes up the drive, yelling --
speaker_heading: DEBI
dialog: Anton? Anton, wait!
text: -- the truck ROARS to life.
text: IN THE TRUCK
text: Twisted Sister's "We're Not Gonna Take It" immediately
text: blasts from the tape deck, obliterating the sound of Debi's
text: yelling.
text: Anton throws the truck into reverse.
dialog: 85
text: IN THE DRIVEWAY
text: BAM! The back of the truck SLAMS FULL-FORCE INTO DEBI.
text: The SCROLL GOES FLYING and Hot Train flaps his wings like
text: crazy as Debi's shoulder drops out from under him.
text: Debi lands at the edge of the driveway.
text: IN THE TRUCK
text: Braking, Anton looks startled and confused. He checks his
text: rearview mirror. Seeing nothing, he shrugs and continues
text: backing out.
speaker_heading: BAM!
text: One of the back tires goes up and over something.
text: BAM! The front tire follows suit.
text: Anton shakes his head and whips the truck onto the street,
text: snapping off the cheesy ‘80s metal.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Damn, Dev, your new shocks suck!
text: Devon's creeper rolls in the truck's bed as Anton roars away.
scene_heading: IN THE YARD
text: A few feet from Debi's lifeless form, the scroll is glowing
text: softly, lodged in a flower bed. Using his beak, Hot Train
text: PULLS the SCROLL FREE.
scene_heading: DOWN THE BLOCK
text: Just a few houses away, ANTON screeches to a STOP in front of
text: Molly's house.
text: ACROSS THE STREET
text: A LITTLE BOY lovingly wraps his arms around Danzig's neck and
text: looks pleadingly up at his MOTHER.
text: She nods and smiles, and the boy's face bursts into a huge
text: grin as they lead Danzig into his new home. Danzig bounds in
text: happily.
dialog: 86
scene_heading: INT. ANTON'S KITCHEN - SAME
text: Mick PLUNGES a FORK, pronged-side up, into the top of Jimmy's’
text: pulpy neck. He takes Jimmy's head off the counter and SLAMS
text: it down onto the fork, bringing head and neck together again.
text: Pnub pokes Jimmy's forehead. The head wobbles slightly.
speaker_heading: PNUB
text: Still a little loose.
text: Mick finds a roll of duct tape in a drawer and wraps it
text: around Jimmy's neck, TAPING his head on tight.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Lift your arms.
text: Jimmy holds his arms away from his chest. His heart falls
text: out, dangling by an entrail. Pnub shoves Jimmy's innards
text: back in as Mick DUCT TAPES him shut.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: How do I look?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: You'll probably still win Best
dialog: Costume. Come on.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTON'S FRONT YARD ~ SAME
text: The guys head out of Anton's house. Hot Train hops across
text: the yard toward them, with the ANCIENT SCROLL clutched safely
text: in his beak.
text: Mick's eyes light up. He points excitedly at the Winnebago
text: in the driveway, motor still running.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: No way! How convenient.
text: They walk right past Hot Train and the scroll, and open the
text: Winnebago doors.
text: Hot Train flies up into a tree, and TEARS THE SCROLL TO
text: SHREDS, lining his new nest with glowing bits.
speaker_heading: HOT TRAIN
dialog: (singing)
dialog: It's like raaaaiiin on your wedding
dialog: day, it's a free ride, when you've
dialog: already paid...
dialog: 87
scene_heading: EXT. MOLLY'S HOUSE - SAME
text: Anton rings the doorbell repeatedly. Molly's FATHER opens
text: the door.
speaker_heading: MOLLY'S DAD
dialog: There's no trick-or-treating this
dialog: year, son.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I know. Is Molly here?
speaker_heading: MOLLY'S DAD
dialog: Are you the little bastard who stood
dialog: up my daughter?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: No, sir. I'm just a little late.
speaker_heading: MOLLY'S DAD
dialog: That costume of yours is in very
dialog: sick taste. Do you think these
dialog: murders are some kind of joke?
text: The Winnebago, with Mick at the wheel, cruises past behind
dialog: Anton.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: No, sir, I don't. Look, I really
dialog: have to see Molly.
speaker_heading: MOLLY'S DAD
dialog: She got sick of waiting for you and
dialog: went to the dance alone, and
dialog: I must say I think she made a wise
dialog: choice.
text: But Anton's already racing toward the curb.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - SAME
text: As Mick drives and Jimmy fiddles with the radio from the
text: passenger seat, Pnub explores the living area.
text: He looks over the murder-oriented news clippings above the
text: refrigerator and then opens the fridge. His eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Beer!
dialog: 88
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - SAME
text: Lame Halloween decorations deck the walls. Costumed
text: TEENAGERS mill about as a BAND PLAYS an horrible, pointless
text: cover of Kenny Loggins' "Danger zone" on the stage and a few
text: adult CHAPERONES lean against the walls.
text: Molly enters in her nun's outfit and her friend, TANYA, joins
text: her at the punch table.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Hey, Moll. Nice costume.
text: (touching the BLOODY CROSS
text: Plunged into Molly's chest)
dialog: What are you, a vampire?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (still foggy)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: So I thought you were bringing your
dialog: new guy.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: He never showed, the fuck. I fell
dialog: asleep waiting for him and now I
text: feel all gross and groggy.
speaker_heading: TANYA
text: Ouch. Stood up.
text: Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy saunter up, doing their best to hide a
text: few beers in. their pockets.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Hey, girls.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Wow, you guys look great! Who did
dialog: your make-up?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: My friend, Anton.
text: Mick raises his eyebrows suggestively at Molly. She glares.
text: Tanya rubs her fingers along Mick's forehead wound.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Careful. There might still be
text: some glass in there.
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Another part of the gym. A bored adult CHAPERONE stands
text: guard at a doorway. He hears a NOISE and looks behind him,
text: peering into the dark hallway.
text: A lightening-fast skeletal HAND JABS him through the eyes,
text: boring into his brain. The chaperone's SCREAM is drowned out
text: by the BAND's deafening song-ending climax.
text: BACK AT THE PUNCH TABLE:
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: This band sucks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: An UNSEEN FORCE drags the dead chaperone into the dark
dialog: hallway.
text: BACK AT THE PUNCH TABLE:
text: Jimmy turns from the band to see Tanya deeply french-kissing
text: Mick's decomposing mouth.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Oh, that's disgusting.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: It's fucking illegal.
text: Pnub pries Mick away from Tanya.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: C'mon, man, you're dead. Think
dialog: about it. It's gross.
text: Mick shrugs.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: I'm going for a walk.
text: As she disappears through the door left unguarded by the now-
dialog: dead chaperone...
dialog: 90
text: Anton bursts into the gym, his stump bloodier than ever and
text: mushy with DECOMPOSING FLESH around the knife.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Stop the dance!
text: The band crashes to a halt and all eyes turn to Anton.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I'm the killer!
text: A sea of Jasons, Freddies, Mansons, and Nightstalkers stare
text: at him for just a second before going back to their
text: conversations. The band resumes playing.
text: Anton runs on-stage, grabbing the microphone from the singer.
text: The band stops again.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (into the mic)
dialog: I'm not fucking around!
speaker_heading: CHAPERONE
dialog: Hey, watch your language.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I'm not messing around. You're all
dialog: in danger here. Go home! The devil's
dialog: coming to kill you all!
text: The student body scoffs.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Really! He already made me kill
dialog: my parents, a couple of cops, and
dialog: Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy!
text: The crowd turns collectively toward the punch table, where
text: Jimmy is emptying a BEER into the punchbowl. Anton looks
text: stunned to see them there as the three dead boys wave at the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: It's true!
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: (hiding the beer bottle)
dialog: Yeah, he sliced me up real good.
text: The crowd laughs, dismissively turning away from Anton.
text: Deflated, he hands the mic to the singer and mopes over to
text: the punch table.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Stupid idiots. They're all gonna
dialog: die and there's nothing I can do
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: At least they'll get to live it
dialog: up before they're systematically
dialog: slaughtered, thanks to me.
text: He slides another beer from his pocket and pops the cap off
text: with the bottle-opener on his keychain. Anton stares at the
text: KEYCHAIN as Jimmy pours the beer into the punch.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: You can't spike punch with beer,
dialog: dipshit. Like the whole school is
dialog: gonna get drunk because you added
dialog: a beer or two to that bowl.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I'm not done.
text: Jimmy pops another beer open as Anton continues to focus on
text: the keychain. Suddenly-—-
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: That's it! I know how to defeat
dialog: Satan!
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: With beer?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: No. Jimmy, I need to borrow your
dialog: keys.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: (handing them over)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Great.
text: (heading for the door,
dialog: turning back)
dialog: Hey, has anyone seen Molly?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: She went for a walk.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Shit! Look, could you guys find.
dialog: her and get her out of here? I
dialog: don't want anything to happen to her.
speaker_heading: : MICK
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Thanks. I'll be right back.
text: Jangling the keys, Anton bolts.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY -. SAME
text: Molly stops at a water fountain, leaning over to drink, when
dialog: she hears:
scene_heading: VOICE FROM NOWHERE
dialog: Molly.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (jerking up)
dialog: What?
text: Silence. Frowning, she’ wipes water droplets off her mouth
text: and looks around. A little ways down the hall, a LIGHT
text: FLICKS ON inside a classroom. The door is slightly ajar.
text: Molly slowly, cautiously approaches the classroom. A sign on
text: the door reads "SHOP ROOM."
text: She steps in. The door SLAMS shut behind her.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (OS)
dialog: (piercing scream)
dialog: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!
speaker_heading: CUT TO
text: A large, red slab of MEAT hanging from a hook. Anton pushes
text: a huge, metal MACHINE through the meat warehouse toward an
text: open door.
scene_heading: EXT. MEAT-PACKING PLANT - SAME
text: Devon's truck is parked beside the building, below the sign:
text: WARDEN MEATS. The warehouse door is open and Jimmy's keys
text: dangle from the lock.
dialog: 93
text: On the side of the meat-packing plant, a silver, industrial
text: garage door slides up and open with a CLANG.
text: The massive machine -- with FREEZE-WHIZ 4000 painted on the
text: side -- is balanced precariously on the little creeper from
text: Devon's truck.
text: Steadying the Freeze-Whiz and pushing from behind, Anton
text: grunts with effort.
text: As he rolls the machine toward the truck, a sudden wind comes
text: up. Anton shivers in the breeze and...
text: HEARS a SCRAPING SOUND. He cocks his head and listens-
text: Nothing. He peers over the top of the Freeze-Whiz. Nothing.
text: Then the sound comes again -- SCRAPE . . . SCRAPE... It's
text: coming from behind him. He very, very slowly turns to look
text: over his shoulder... .
text: and sees nothing.
text: Grimly holding his knife-hand at the ready and keeping a
text: sharp, suspicious look-out, he continues on toward the truck.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - SAME
text: Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy creep cautiously down the dark hallway.
text: They HEAR SOMETHING.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Did you hear something?
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Yeah. It sounded like flesh being
text: ripped off.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: We better check it out.
text: Mick starts forward, but Pnub and Jimmy hesitate.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Quit being pussies. It's not like
dialog: we're gonna get killed again.
text: They move covertly down the hall and the FLESHY NOISES get
text: LOUDER. They round a corner and see FIGURES lurching in the
dialog: shadows.
dialog: 94
text: Jimmy grabs one of the figures and pulls it into the light
text: + - . it's a costumed TEENAGED GIRL, and Jimmy's holding onto
text: her by the boobs.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Let go, fucker.
text: Before Jimmy can react, the girl's BOYFRIEND steps out of the
text: shadows and PUNCHES Jimmy in the face.
text: Jimmy's head FLIES OFF and rolls down the hall. His body
text: just stands there with a fork sticking out of his neck.
text: The girl SCREAMS and runs away. Her boyfriend SCREAMS and
text: runs after her.
text: The guys shrug, Jimmy retrieves his head, and they continue
text: the search down the hallway, past the closed Shop door . . .
scene_heading: INT. SHOP ROOM - SAME
text: CLOSE ON: Molly's chest as the WOODEN CROSS is yanked out of
text: her nun's habit by an unseen hand. We don't see her face;
text: she doesn't resist.
text: CLOSE ON: A whirring, industrial-strength SANDING MACHINE.
text: The blunt end of the cross is held to it by the same unseen
text: hand and the powerful sander quickly files it into a SHARP
scene_heading: POINT.
scene_heading: INT. GYM/DANCE - SAME
text: No one notices as each set of the gym's double doors, open to
text: the parking lot, CLOSE SILENTLY, seemingly of their own
dialog: accord.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - SAME
text: Devon's truck is parked at a reckless angle in the lot.
text: Anton wheels the Freeze-Whiz, on the creeper, up to the
text: closed gymnasium doors.
text: The horrible band can be heard covering "The Eye of the
text: Tiger" as Anton tugs on a door handle. The door won't budge.
text: Puzzled, he pushes the machine around a corner of the school
text: and finds a single door -~ UNLOCKED. Victorious, he wheels
dialog: the Freeze-Whiz in.
dialog: 95
scene_heading: INT. POOL ROOM - SAME
text: In the weird blue light of the deserted swimming pool, Anton
text: goes to plug the Freeze-wWhiz into a wall outlet, but before
dialog: he gets there...
text: A quiet CREAK is barely audible from across the room. Anton
text: whirls around to inspect the room -- a door is OPEN at the
dialog: far end.
text: Anton frowns at it, hesitating -- was it open when he came
text: in? But nothing moves. Even the water is still. Shrugging,
text: he plugs in the Freeze-Whiz. It powers up with a LOUD ROAR.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOM
text: The open door slams SHUT, but Anton can't hear it -- or
text: anything else -- over the WHIR of the Freeze-whiz.
speaker_heading: UNIDENTIFIED POV:
text: Something's in the room with Anton. His back is turned, he's
text: fiddling with the Freeze-Whiz's temperature dial, as it
text: APPROACHES him stealthily. Whatever it is, it's practically
text: breathing down Anton's neck when he TURNS . . .
text: Anton JUMPS, startled, and then looks relieved.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Molly! God, I'm glad to see you!
text: Molly's standing in front of him, hands OUT OF SIGHT behind
text: her back. She smiles.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I want to apologize for, you know,
dialog: earlier. Hey, guess what, though?
dialog: I'm not the killer anymore, so you
dialog: don't have to worry!
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (still smiling)
dialog: I'm not worried. .
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Good, ‘cause you've gotta understand
dialog: that I'm not really like that. I'm
dialog: a nice guy.
text: As he rambles, we PAN DOWN behind Molly to reveal the
text: SHARPENED CROSS clutched behind her back.
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Thanks for being so cool about this.
dialog: You have no idea what it's like to--
text: Molly brings the cross up over her head and PLUNGES it toward
text: Anton's skull. He scrambles out of the way just in time.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Jesus Christ. I guess you do know
dialog: what it's like!
text: He backs away as Molly advances.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Molly, you don't know what you're
dialog: doing. I werit through that stage
dialog: too. You've got to try and clear
dialog: your head.
text: Molly stabs at him again, but Anton blocks her cross with his
text: blade hand, slightly CUTTING HER HAND in the process.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: !
text: She clutches her cut hand in pain.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (going to her)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Molly BURIES the cross in Anton's shoulder. He howls as she
text: pulls it out and stabs at him again. This time, he moves
text: before the cross finds its mark.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (backing up against the
dialog: high dive ladder)
dialog: Molly, listen to me. I've got a
dialog: plan to defeat Satan. Your part
dialog: is easy. All you have to do is not
dialog: kill me.
text: She's inching toward him, not listening. With his back
text: pressed against the ladder, there's nowhere to go but up.
text: Anton climbs up a step.
scene_heading: INT. GYM/DANCE - SAME
text: The girl and her boyfriend from the hall stand by the punch
text: bowl, talking to Tanya.
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: »- + - and then his head came off! It
dialog: looked so real.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Have you guys noticed that all the
dialog: chaperones have disappeared?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: They probably went to find a better
dialog: party. This band sucks.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: Yeah, let's get outta here.
text: Tanya, the girl, and her boyfriend head for the exit, where a
text: CROWD has gathered. They try the doors.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: (pulling harder)
dialog: Hey, this is fucking locked!
speaker_heading: SOME GUY
dialog: Yeah, man. We just tried to leave too.
dialog: It's no use.
speaker_heading: GIRL
text: There's a door in the pool room that's
dialog: always open. I think the lock's busted.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: Cool.
text: Pretty much all of the students head into the dark hallway.
text: The band keeps playing.
scene_heading: INT. POOL ROOM - SAME
text: Molly and Anton are up on the HIGH DIVE. Molly LUNGES.
text: Anton SLIPS, falling flat on his back. She looms over him,
text: brandishing her cross as...
text: the HAND flies into the room with blood dripping from its
text: skeletal fingers. It beelines straight for the Freeze-Whiz
text: and SHUTS IT OFF.
text: Anton hears the machine sputter and go quiet. He turns his
text: head to look and Molly STABS him in the shoulder again.
text: Anton SCREAMS.
text: Mick, Pnub and Jimmy come into the pool room.
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: There's that hand!
speaker_heading: JIMMY
text: (holding his head onto his
dialog: . neck with both hands) :
dialog: Hey, that's my Dad's Freeze-Whiz 4000!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Guys! Guys!
text: The guys look around the room, confused. On the diving
text: board, Molly stabs at Anton's chest. He blocks it with his
text: blade -- but the impact LOOSENS the knife even more and Anton
text: winces with pain as the knife's base WOBBLES in his stump.
text: He grabs Molly's wrist in his good hand and holds it still.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Anton?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Up here!
text: They look up at the high dive.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (grappling with Molly)
dialog: You guys have got to turn that Freeze-
dialog: Whiz back on! It's the only way to
dialog: beat Satan.
text: The guys eye the machine. The skeletal hand guards it like a
dialog: pitbull.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Sure thing, buddy.
text: As the three guys march toward the hand, the horde of
text: costumed students enter the pool room.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: That's the kid whose head I punched
dialog: off!
text: The guys close in on the hand and Jimmy lets go of his head -
text: to lunge at it.
text: The hand smacks Jimmy's hands away, jostling his head.
text: Jimmy's head flies off his neck and rolls close enough to
text: CATCH THE HAND in his TEETH.
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Yeah, fuck it up, Jimmy. Bite it
dialog: again!
text: But as Jimmy opens up to bite again, the hand CRAWLS INSIDE
text: HIS MOUTH and OUT the bottom where his throat should be. The
text: hand grabs Jimmy's head by the hair and TOSSES it into the
dialog: pool.
speaker_heading: PNUB
dialog: Don't worry, man. I'll get you!
dialog: Mick, you cover the hand! —
text: Pnub grabs a long pole with a net on the end to fish Jimmy's
text: head out of the pool as Mick dives at the skeletal hand.
scene_heading: ON THE HIGH DIVE
text: Still on his back, Anton holds Molly's cross-jabbing wrist
text: with his one good hand as she leans over him.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Molly, I can't defend myself without
dialog: hurting you! You have to clear your
dialog: mind. If you resist, Satan'll show
dialog: up and we can beat him!
text: He brings his pleading face up close to hers. She squirms,
text: trying to wrench her wrist from his grasp.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You can do it, Molly.
text: She snarls evilly at him.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Please. For me.
text: He kisses her softly on the lips. Suddenly, her eyes fill
text: with tears.
text: Anton lets go and watches, holding his breath as . . . Molly
text: convulses, struggling with herself. Her hand, holding the
text: cross, starts to move toward Anton, but Molly flights to hold
dialog: it back.
text: Summoning all her strength, she forces her fingers to LET GO
text: of the cross. It clatters onto the diving board and she
text: collapses on top of Anton.
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (hugging her)
dialog: Yes! I knew you'd come through, Molly!
text: A split-second later, Satan appears on the high dive,
text: blocking their way to the ladder.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You big, fat, fucking idiot, Anton.
speaker_heading: BELOW
text: The costumed students stare up at Satan in amazement and
text: fear. Pnub continues trying to fish Jimmy's head out of the
text: pool, but it keeps bobbing away. Mick has his hands full
text: fighting the skeletal hand.
scene_heading: ON THE HIGH DIVE
text: Grimacing in pain, Anton uses his good hand to keep the base
text: of his knife pressed into his stump, trying to stop it from
text: wobbling around as he points it defensively at Satan.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: What's the big plan? You're gonna
dialog: make me cold?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (nervous but defiant)
dialog: That's right.
text: He starts to sit up, but Satan plants a massive foot on
text: Anton's chest, forcing him to lie back down.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Even if your stupid friends manage
dialog: to turn that thing on, you think
dialog: I'll be helpless?
speaker_heading: BELOW
text: The girl tugs on her boyfriend's arn.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Let's go.
text: The boyfriend nods and they start toward the door. The rest
text: of the kids follow.
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You can't imagine the extent of
dialog: my power. All I.have to do is
dialog: point my finger, and BAM! Fire!
text: Satan points his finger and BAM! A wall of fire appears at
text: the door, blocking it from the girl and her boyfriend. They
text: jump back and, in a panic, the whole crowd rushes for the
text: door to the hallway.
text: Laughing, Satan points his finger again, and the hall door is
text: consumed in fire.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Nobody leaves!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (holding Molly close) .
dialog: We've already won. We resisted you.
speaker_heading: SATAN .
dialog: Yeah, congrats. Guess what you win,
dialog: a brand-new fiery death! You two'll
dialog: burn along with everyone else here
dialog: tonight.
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: You can all thank Anton for your
dialog: early demise.
dialog: (to Anton)
dialog: If you hadn't been so much fun to
dialog: fuck with, I'd've moved on to some
dialog: other town long ago.
text: Satan laughs as the entire student body glares at Anton.
scene_heading: GUY IN CROWD
dialog: Nice goin' Anton.
scene_heading: GIRL IN CROWD
dialog: Thanks a lot.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOM
text: Mick forces the hand to the ground and STEPS ON IT. He grins
text: as he hears each bony finger BREAK. He holds the bent,
text: gnarled thing up with satisfaction and...
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: (turning the Freeze-Whiz on)
dialog: Anton, your gizmo's back on!
dialog: 102
text: The Freeze-Whiz ROARS to life once again. On the high dive,
text: Anton cranes his neck to see, giving Mick a quick thumbs-up.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Yes!
dialog: (narrowing. his eyes at Satan)
dialog: Now you're done for.
text: Satan rolls his eyes as the crowd CHEERS.
text: Pnub finally scoops Jimmy's head into the net, but as he
text: turns with it, the end of the pole smacks into the Freeze-
text: Whiz, KNOCKING the machine into a corner of the POOL.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: (laughing his ass off)
dialog: That's just perfect!
text: Anton sadly watches the Freeze-Whiz sink to the bottom of the
dialog: pool...
text: - +» . but he also notices something else: the water around
text: the machine starts to FREEZE!
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (to Satan)
dialog: Laugh it up, Fucko!
text: He grabs Satan by the ankles and plants his foot firmly in
text: the Devil's crotch. In one swift movement, he heaves Satan
text: over’ himself and Molly, and OFF THE END OF THE DIVING BOARD.
text: The crowd CHEERS again, but Satan just LAUGHS as he plummets.
text: In the pool, ICE is SPREADING rapidly out from the Freeze-
text: Whiz, heading toward the middle of the pool.
text: In mid-fall, Satan extends his TONGUE upward, WRAPPING IT
text: around ANTON'S THROAT and YANKING HIM OVER THE EDGE TOO.
dialog: The crowd GASPS.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Anton!
text: Anton falls through the air, just seconds behind Satan.
dialog: Fach, Up, fatan laughs -- as best he can ae tHe teRgue
text: Stic hag out -- as Anton struggles, tugging tongue
text: aroun his throat.
text: SPLASH! Satan hits the pool.
text: The water instantly FREEZES SOLID OVER HIM.
dialog: Avo
text: A split-second later, Anton SLAMS AGAINST THE HARD ICE with a
text: bone-shattering smack. His knife, knocked completely out of
text: his stump by the impact, goes spinning across the ice.
text: Anton doesn't move.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Oh, shit.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: (scrambling down the ladder)
dialog: Anton! Oh my god, Anton!
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Is he dead?
text: The crowd stares in silent horror as Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy
text: slide across the ice toward their buddy .. .
text: but before they can reach Anton, the. boys' bodies COLLAPSE.
text: Three transparent SOULS RISE from the corpses.
speaker_heading: MICK'S SOUL
dialog: (to Pnub)
dialog: Nice move, dickhead. I think you
dialog: just avenged our deaths.
text: The three boys' spirits VANISH as Molly rushes frantically
text: across the frozen pool. She frees Anton's throat from
text: Satan's tongue and kisses him.
text: He doesn't move.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - MORNING
text: COPS swarm the parking lot, questioning students. The door
text: to the pool room is roped of with yellow crime scene tape.
text: Captain Tidwell surveys the scene, passing a young COP taking
text: notes as the girl and her boyfriend relate last night's
dialog: events ...
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
text: - - + and Satan just starts laughing.
dialog: So then my man says “Laugh it up,
text: Fucko" and he grabs Satan by the. . .
text: Captain Tidwell passes Anton's knife, bagged and tagged on a
text: nearby table with bits of stump-gore clinging to it. He
text: steps over the yellow tape and into the pool room.
dialog: 104
scene_heading: INT. POOL .ROOM --SAME
text: A bunch of COPS are hard at work. The Freeze-whiz , now
text: unplugged, still rests at the bottom of the pool, but the
text: water is once again liquid. Satan is nowhere to be seen. -
text: A SERGEANT looks up from dusting the Freeze-Whiz's plug for
dialog: fingerprints.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Sir, I can't. find any prints of that
text: skeletal hand everyone keeps talking
dialog: about. Most of the prints belong to
dialog: that kid, Anton.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN TIDWELL
dialog: (muttering to himself)
text: Skeletal hand, Satan...
dialog: (to Sergeant)
dialog: I want the contents of that punch
text: bowl analyzed for LSD immediately.
dialog: I have a pretty good idea what
dialog: happened here.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM ~ DAY
text: Molly and a DOCTOR stand over Anton's bed. Anton's in a full
text: body cast. His eyes are open but unmoving, STARING at a
text: point beyond the Doctor.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I'm sorry to have to tell you this,
text: Molly, but it doesn't look good.
dialog: Your boyfriend sustained serious
dialog: brain damage.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Can he hear me?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Doubtful. And if he could, we'd
text: never know. He's paralyzed from
dialog: the forehead down
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: (touching Anton's forehead
dialog: sadly)
dialog: I can't believe it.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: (putting a consoling arm
dialog: around her)
dialog: We're doing all we can.
dialog: io
text: The Doctor ushers Molly from the room, revealing the point
text: where Anton is staring: a TV hanging from the ceiling.
text: ANTON'S POV: F-Troop is on.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY - SAME
text: The Doctor leads Molly down the hall. An orderly wheels a
text: cart of surgical tools past them.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Is there any chance he'll recover?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I wouldn't get my hopes up.
text: Seemingly without her knowledge, Molly's hand reaches out and
text: pilfers an EXTREMELY SHARP SCALPEL.from the cart. She holds
text: it behind her back.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I appreciate you cutting to the truth,
dialog: Doctor.
scene_heading: INT. ANTON'S HOSPITAL ROOM - SAME
text: A NURSE enters the room. She looks at F-Troop on the TV and
text: then back at Anton. She waves a hand in front of Anton's
text: face. He doesn't blink.
text: The Nurse shrugs and SNAPS OFF THE Tv.
text: CLOSE ON Anton's horrified eyes.
speaker_heading: : ANTON (VO)
dialog: Fucking figures.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
