text: IF BEALE STREET COULD TALK
dialog: Written by
dialog: Barry Jenkins
dialog: Adapted from the novel by
dialog: James Baldwin
dialog: February 3, 2014
speaker_heading: Jewerl Keats Ross CAA
scene_heading: SILENT R MANAGEMENT 424-288-2000
scene_heading: 323-852-6830
dialog: First, OVER BLACK, before anything else, we HEAR...
dialog: “Of course, I must say I don't think America is God's gift to
dialog: anybody.... If it is, God's days have got to be numbered."
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: +.+.ON a young man and young woman, both black, both twenties,
text: both smiling.
text: It would be twilight, the sound of the city winding down
text: around this couple, nothing but their footsteps and the muted
text: hum of this quiet street.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: You ready for this?
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Ain’t nothin’ else in the world I'm
dialog: more ready for.
text: And as they draw closer, locked in a kiss...
text: ...the sound of metal clanging, of feet shuffling and mens’
text: voices filling a tinny room...
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK CITY CORRECTIONAL FACILITY - DAY
text: The same young couple eyeing each other across glass, the
text: young man on the one side in the jail smocks with tired eyes,
text: on the other, a thin pretty girl, a gentle wonder about her.
text: This is TISH (19, black, warm), the voice heard "before
text: anything else” and Alonzo “FONNY” Hunt (22, also black,
dialog: breakable).
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Alonzo...
text: Fonny’s eyes starting at the sound of his proper name,
text: something sharp, a warning in its use: she never calls him
dialog: Alonzo.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Alonzo... we're going to have a
dialog: baby.
text: Fonny going blank, completely blank as that news washes over
text: him, just across that glass and yet, instantly so far away
dialog: from here.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I’m glad Fonny, I’m glad.
dialog: Don’t you worry.
speaker_heading: FREEZE FRAME:
text: .»».on Fonny’s face, still frozen in contemplation, the look
dialog: of a life changing.
dialog: “I should have said already: we're not married. That means
dialog: more to him than it does to me, but I understand how he
dialog: feels. Fonny is twenty-two. I'm nineteen.”
speaker_heading: RESUMING:
text: Fonny closing his eyes, just a moment to himself, then:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: No. I ain’t sure, I’m just trying
dialog: to mess with your mind.
text: Fonny smiling now, coming back to her:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: What we goin’ to do?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Well... we ain’t goin’ to drown it.
dialog: So I guess we’ll have to raise it.
text: Fonny throwing his head back, a big, shocking laughter, a joy
text: in his face initially unfathomable:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Did you tell Frank?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You tell your folks?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Not yet. But don’t worry about
dialog: them, I just wanted to tell you
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Well, I guess that makes sense. My
dialog: daddy and ‘nem can’t keep nothin’
dialog: to theyselves, better this way.
speaker_heading: FONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (and now)
text: A baby.
text: Something in this repetition carrying Fonny away from here,
text: away to that place beyond Tish. His eyes cast down:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: What you gonna do?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I’m going to do just like I been
dialog: doing. I’1l work up to just about
dialog: the last month. And then, Mama and
dialog: Sis will take care for me, you
dialog: ain't got to worry. And anyway, we
dialog: have you out of here before then.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You sure about that?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Of course I’m sure.
dialog: I’m always sure about that.
text: A man coming up behind Fonny, doesn’t even bother to touch
text: him, from his dress, clearly a guard.
text: Fonny’s eyes going down at the man’s presence, looks through
text: that glass again at his lover. His eyes coming back, that
text: overwhelming smile again. Tish matching it, the two of them
text: standing in unison on either side of the glass.
text: Fonny raises his fist to the glass. Tish does the same.
text: Off Tish watching Fonny move away, disappear through a door
dialog: on the other side...
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME - DAY
text: A simple Harlem apartment, modest but expansive as far as
dialog: these things go, a proper living room, kitchen big enough to
text: fit a small dining table.
text: Along a hall running perpendicular to the living room, three
dialog: bedrooms.
text: Tish sitting before a steaming cup of tea, staring at the
text: wispy steam rising off it. A beat, then...
text: ...the sound of the front door opening, of footsteps on wood
dialog: flooring and...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: How you doin’ Little One?
text: A moment later, SHARON (early 40s but could pass for younger)
text: enters, a shopping bag at her side. Just in the way she looks
text: at her, Tish’s mother.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: How is he?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: He’s just the same. He’s fine. He
text: sends his love.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Good. You see the lawyer?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Not today. I have to go on Monday,
dialog: after work.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: He been to see Fonny?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: No.
text: A sigh from Sharon as she tosses her hat to the couch, begins
text: toward the kitchen. Tish following, tracks over to where
text: Sharon places the shopping bag, begins unloading its contents
text: to the cupboard.
text: The two working in silence a moment, Sharon humming as she
text: alternates the spray of water rinsing vegetables.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Mama...?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Yeah, Lil’ Bit?
text: Tish not going further and Sharon not pressing.
text: Sharon turning off the tap, turns and looks at her daughter.
text: Watches her a long beat. A very slow realization.
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME, TISH’S BEDROOM - DAY
text: A simple bed and bed-side table, dresser-drawer at the foot
text: of the bed with an oversized mirror atop it. Heavy curtains
text: in here. It’s day but cool and dark.
text: Sharon puts a hand to Tish’s forehead, gentle. That same hand
text: on Tish’s shoulder now:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Tish, I don’t think you got nothing
dialog: to cry about.
dialog: (and now)
dialog: You tell Fonny?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I just told him today. I figured I
dialog: should tell him first.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You did right. And I bet he just
text: grinned all over his face.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (wipes a tear)
dialog: He sure did.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You must be - let’s see - you about
dialog: three months gone?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Almost.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: What you cryin’ about?
text: Sharon pulling Tish fully in, the curiosity over, all
text: mothering now.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Now listen, you got enough on your
dialog: mind without worrying about being a
dialog: bad girl and all that jive-ass
dialog: shit. I sure hope I raised you
dialog: better than that. If you was a bad
dialog: girl you wouldn't be sitting on
dialog: this bed, you’d long been turning
dialog: tricks for the warden.
text: Tish picking her head up, wiping more tears, getting herself
dialog: back together:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Now you and Fonny be together right
dialog: now, married or not, wasn't for
dialog: that damn white man. So, let me
dialog: tell you what you got to do.
speaker_heading: SHARON (CONT'D)
dialog: You got to hold on to that baby,
dialog: don't care what else happens or
dialog: don't happen. You got to do that.
dialog: Can't nobody else do that for you.
dialog: And we going to get Fonny out. And
dialog: that baby be the best thing that
dialog: ever happened to him. It’s going to
dialog: give him a whole lot of courage.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Am I getting through to you?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes, Mama.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Now, when your Daddy and Ernestine
dialog: get home, we going to sit at the
dialog: table together, and I'll make the
dialog: family announcement. I think that
dialog: might be easier, don't you?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes.
text: Sharon rises from the bed.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Take off them streets clothes and
dialog: lie down for a minute. I'll come
dialog: get you.
text: Sharon opens the door.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Mama?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Yes, Tish?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I don’t know what you thanking me
dialog: for. I’m your mama, ain’t I?
text: Sharon closing the door behind her, leaves Tish in here
text: alone. Tish taking off her coat and shoes, slowly, all that
text: tiredness overtaking her again. As she gets her shoes to the
dialog: floor...
text: ..+.the doorbell rings. From somewhere out there, we can hear
dialog: Sharon yell, "Be right there!"
text: Before she answers the front door, however, she’s at this
text: bedroom door again, a quick knock and she’s entering.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Here. Drink this.
dialog: Do you good.
text: Sharon carrying a small saucer, has a small water glass and a
text: shot glass beside. Sharon taking the brown liquid of the shot
text: glass, pours it into the water.
text: And then she’s gone again, out that door, heels clicking
text: along the hall that leads to the front door. From the sound
text: of the banter, a man entering, in a good mood:
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Forgot my keys, Tish home yet?
speaker_heading: SHARON (0.S.)
text: She's taking a little nap inside.
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: She see Fonny?
speaker_heading: SHARON (0.S.)
text: Yeah. She saw him. She saw the
dialog: inside of the Tombs, too. That's
dialog: why I made her lie down.
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: What about the lawyer?
speaker_heading: SHARON (0.S.)
dialog: She going to see him Monday.
text: Sound of feet moving throughout the house now, of the fridge
text: door opening and closing. Tish downing her water and brandy.
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: How much you think them damn
dialog: lawyers is going to cost us before
dialog: this thing over?
speaker_heading: SHARON (0.S.)
dialog: Joe, you know damn well ain't no
dialog: point in asking me that question.
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Well. They sure got it made, the
dialog: rotten motherfuckers.
speaker_heading: SHARON (0.S.)
dialog: Amen to that.
text: Tish lying back on the bed, looking up and into those
text: curtains. Somewhere out there, the sun setting.
text: As she rubs her belly, let’s her thoughts wonder...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: “Fonny used to go to a vocational school where they teach
dialog: kids to make all kinds of shitty things..."
scene_heading: INT. HARLEM VOCATIONAL SCHOOL - DAY - MONTAGE 1
text: See a “slightly” younger Fonny working at a table-saw, a raw
text: piece of timber split down the trunk atop his work station.
text: “,..like card tables and hassocks and chests of drawers which
dialog: nobody's ever going to buy.”
scene_heading: INT. HARLEM VOCATIONAL SCHOOL - NIGHT - MONTAGE 1
dialog: “But Fonny didn't go for it at all and he split, taking most
dialog: of the wood from the workshop with him."
text: Looking out through the open shop-gate, a worn-out pickup
text: truck illuminated in flash light beams as Fonny wonders the
text: empty shop floor.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT KITCHEN - NIGHT - MONTAGE 1
text: Fonny wiping sweat from his face as the smoker fills the air.
text: “He started working as a short-order cook in a barbecue joint
dialog: — so he could eat — and he found a basement where he could
dialog: work on his wood and he was at our house more than he was at
dialog: his."
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT APARTMENT - DAY - MONTAGE 1
text: Simple, at best seems a squatter’s refuge, a pallet in the
text: corner of the room, a handmade dining table.
dialog: “Fonny gave Mama one of his first sculptures."
text: In the center of the space, Fonny working at two saw-horses,
text: sanding a suggestive piece.
text: CLOSE ON: The mantle, a small, wooden sculpture there of a
text: naked man with one hand at his forehead and the other half
dialog: hiding his sex.
dialog: “The legs are long and wide apart and the whole motion of the
text: figure is torment. It seemed a strange figure for him to do,
dialog: or, at least, it seemed strange until you thought about it.”
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT APARTMENT - DAY - MONTAGE 1
text: Fonny here working on those table-saws as before.
dialog: “You see, Fonny had found something that he wanted to do, and
text: this saved him from the death that was waiting to overtake
dialog: the children of our age. And though it took many forms..."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: STILL IMAGE SERIES
text: .+-period, still photography of the drug fueled, post-Civil
dialog: Rights era blight that will come to plague America’s inner-
dialog: cities for decades on end.
dialog: “,..the death itself was very simple and the cause was
dialog: simple, too: the kids had been told that they weren't worth
dialog: shit... and everything they saw around them proved it.”
text: CLOSING STILL IMAGE: Gordon Parke’s “Howl.”
scene_heading: END MONTAGE 1.
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A woman we've not seen before entering the apartment now,
text: slender, taller, a few years older than Tish but still young.
text: This is Tish’s sister, ERNESTINE.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Where's Tish?
text: Sharon and JOSEPH (a little older than Sharon, a large, yet
text: subtle presence) over near the kitchen, Joe nursing a beer
text: looking in on his wife preparing supper. Both their faces
text: opening at the sight of Ernestine.
speaker_heading: SHARON
text: She's home. She's lying down.
text: Ernestine setting her purse down, continuing over to...
speaker_heading: THE KITCHEN
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: She all right?
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: SHARON
text: She's tired. She went to see Fonny.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: How's he taking it?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Taking it.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Lord, let me make myself a drink.
dialog: You want me to cook?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: No. I'll get into the pots ina
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: She see Hayward?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: No. She's seeing him on Monday,
dialog: after work.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: You going with her?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I think I better.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Yeah. I think so, too, I'll call
dialog: him from work, before you all get
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You know... Tish says she thinks
dialog: that lawyer wants more money.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Daddy, we paid him his retainer,
dialog: that's why ain't none of us got no
dialog: clothes. And I know we got to pay
dialog: expenses, but he ain't supposed to
dialog: get no more money until he brings
dialog: Fonny to trial.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: He says it's a tough case.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Shit. What's a lawyer for?
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: To make money.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You got that right.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Well. Anybody talk to the Hunts
dialog: lately?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: They don't want to know nothing
dialog: about it, you know that. Mrs. Hunt
text: and them two camellias is just in
dialog: disgrace. And poor Frank ain't got
dialog: no money.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Well. Let's not talk too much about
dialog: it in front of Tish. We'll work it
text: out somehow.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Shit. We got to work it out.
dialog: Fonny's like one of us.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: He is one of us.
text: All heads turning here at a bit of light out in the living
text: room, the sound of footsteps approaching. A moment later and
text: Tish appears, hair mottled and cajoled, just woke up:
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Well hello there, baby sister.
text: A kiss on the cheek and a hug between Tish and Ernestine:
text: these too clearly love each other.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You want a 1il’ snack, Tish?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: No thank you, I’m okay.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Well alright then, if y’all want to
dialog: eat, better get your behinds out of
dialog: my kitchen, this food ain’t gon’
dialog: fix itself. Come on now, take your
text: business into the living room.
dialog: 12.
text: Tish and Ernestine shuffling away from here, leaving their
text: mother to her kitchen. Sharon looking to Joe there, the man
dialog: shrugging a “what’d I do” face:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Do I come down to your job and
dialog: watch you work?
text: Joe smiling as Sharon turns away from him, all sly eyes and
text: persuasive hips as we CUT TO...
scene_heading: A RECORD NEEDLE
text: ...lowered deftly to the third cut on a pristine LP.
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME - NIGHT - LATER
text: Ernestine lowering that needle, a freshly lit cigarette in
text: her left hand as something soulful and heavy overcomes the
dialog: room (Nina Simone, etc.).
text: The lights dimmed now, vibe changed as Ernestine looks back
text: at the family gathered at the dining table, Joe, Sharon and
text: Tish, the remnants of dinner laid out before them.
text: Ernestine closing her eyes, swaying to the rhythm as though
dialog: somewhere else altogether:
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Sing to me Nina, sing.
text: Sharon rising from the dining table as Ernestine approaches,
text: gets to collecting dishes as Ernestine sits back to the
text: table. Joe drifting into the kitchen as well, the music
dialog: pacing everything.
text: Sharon reaches up to an obscure cupboard, just above the
text: stove, kind of cupboard that’s rarely opened. Fetches a
text: dusty, ornate bottle from there.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: What you doin’ with that?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: What you think? Get the good
dialog: glasses.
text: Sharon moving back over to the dining table with Tish and
text: Ernestine, sets that bottle of French Brandy to the table.
text: Ernestine’s eyes going from Sharon's to Tish. Ernestine’s
text: eyes... smiling. Ernestine’s eyes never leaving Tish.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (at Joe)
dialog: You the man of the house, start
text: pouring.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: (faux accent)
dialog: But of course, Madame.
text: Joe setting a nice enough snifter before each of them, goes
text: around the table in turns and pours a little brandy into
text: each. As he bends to pour Tish’s...
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Just a lil’ bit for Tish, now.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Alright, what’s the deal?
text: Sharon looking to Joe, then at Ernestine, then at Tish. She
text: smiles at Tish:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: This... is a sacrament. And no, I
dialog: ain’t gone crazy. We’re drinking to
text: a new life.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tish is gonna have Fonny’s baby.
text: The air heavy in here for a beat, no one moving. Sharon
text: reaches a hand to Joe’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Drink.
text: Joe staring at Tish, frozen in the moment of that news.
text: Tish staring back, holding his gaze, only openness.
text: Joe puts his glass down. Then he picks it up again. He’s
text: trying to speak but he can't. A moment more of this
dialog: awkwardness, then...
text: .+-a smile more sweet than bitter developing in Joe’s face.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: That's a hell of a note.
text: Joe takes a sip of his brandy, a good, deep swallow:
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Ain't you going to drink to the
dialog: little one, Tish?
dialog: 14.
text: Tish nodding, takes the lightest sip of that brandy, still
text: rouses a cough in her, Ernestine patting her on the back.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: How long this been going on?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: About three months.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Yeah. That's what I figured.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Three months! ?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Since March.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: While you two was running around
dialog: looking at places?
dialog: Joe asking this question as much to himself as to anyone
dialog: else. The women understanding, allowing that question the
text: proper space to drift out, refract.
text: After a moment, after a few more long sips:
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You sure you want this baby?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Oh, yes, and Fonny wants it, too.
dialog: It's our baby, don't you see? And
dialog: it's not his fault that he’s in
dialog: jail, it’s not like he ran away.
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: And we've always been best friends,
dialog: ever since we were little, you know
dialog: that. And we'd be married now,
dialog: if-if--
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Your father know that.
dialog: He's only worried about you.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Don't you go thinking I think you a
dialog: bad girl, or any foolishness like
dialog: that. I just asked you that because
dialog: you so young, that's all, and--
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: (raising her glass)
dialog: Un-bow your head sister.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: To the newborn.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I hope it’s a boy, that’d tickle
dialog: old Frank to pieces, I bet.
dialog: (a thought grabbing him)
dialog: Tish, do you mind... if I break the
dialog: news to him?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: No daddy, I don’t mind.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: (with attitude)
dialog: I sure would like to be the one to
dialog: tell them sisters.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Joe, why don't you just call up and
dialog: ask them all over here? Hell, it's
dialog: Saturday night and it ain't late
dialog: and we still got a lot of brandy in
dialog: the bottle. And now that I think
dialog: about it, it's really the best way
dialog: to do it.
text: Joe looking to his wife, had already started for his coat,
dialog: but... considering Sharon’s proposal:
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You know you right love, let’s get
dialog: them over here.
text: Joe turning down that long hall adjoining the bedrooms. As
dialog: his footfalls pad away, we stay here, with these women
text: listening to Joe on the phone down that hall.
dialog: Beat.
text: Joe coming back down that hallway now, re-enters the living
text: room, takes a seat at the one recliner in here:
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
text: Mrs. Hunt... is getting dressed.
dialog: (smiles at Tish)
dialog: Come on over here, daughter.
text: Tish rising from her spot on the couch, moves from mother to
text: father, sits beside Joe, head rested to his shoulder:
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You're a good girl, Tish.
dialog: I’m proud of you.
dialog: Don’t you forget that.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: She ain't going to forget it.
dialog: I’1ll whip her ass if she do.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: But she’s pregnant!
text: A big, way deep down laugh from all of them at this,
text: Ernestine and Sharon both throwing their heads back.
text: As the laughter subsides...
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Shall we dress for Mrs. Hunt?
text: Another laugh now, something in the room spreading.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Look. We got to be nice, okay?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Oh we'll be nice; Lord knows we'll
dialog: be nice, you raised us right. It’s
dialog: just you didn’t never buy us no
dialog: clothes. But Mrs. Hunt and them
dialog: sisters, they got wardrobes! Ain't
dialog: no sense in trying to compete with
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I didn’t run no tailor shop.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Well who’s fault is that?
text: Ernestine rubbing her father’s head playfully as she moves on
text: from the living room, Joe smiling at her touch.
text: Head resting at Joe’s shoulder, eyes lingering across this
text: room, Tish appears to be somewhere else, lost in the drift:
dialog: “The very first time Fonny and I made love was strange.”
scene_heading: EXT. TISH’S HOME - DAY - MONTAGE 2
text: Sharon at the top of the stairs at Tish’s stoop, Fonny at the
text: bottom of the steps, Tish between the two.
dialog: “It was the day he gave Mama that sculpture.”
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. HARLEM, SIDEWALK - DAY - MONTAGE 2
text: Tish and Fonny moving down the sidewalk, hand in hand.
text: “I dumped water over Fonny's head and scrubbed Fonny's back
text: in the bathtub, in a time that seems so long ago."
scene_heading: ANGLE ON: FONNY
text: DETAILS of him making his way along this walk, as strong as
text: we've seen him, dressed in a red and black lumberjack coat,
text: grey corduroy slacks and heavy shoes.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON: TISH
text: Those same DETAILS of her.
dialog: “I don't remember that we ever had any curiosity concerning
dialog: each other's bodies. Fonny loved me too much.”
text: Fonny taking Tish’s hand in his.
dialog: “And that meant that there had never been any occasion for
dialog: shame between us.”
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - DAY - MONTAGE 2
dialog: Just a beat this moment, this downtown train packed as they
dialog: are bound to be.
text: The couple standing, wedged into the corner of this train,
text: oblivious to everything around them, Tish fully leaned into
text: Fonny’s embrace.
text: Just the shimmy of the train, that rocking side to side.
text: Tish’s eyes distinctly, noticeably staring at Fonny’s lips,
text: looking up into them. As he parts his lips to speak...
speaker_heading: FREEZE FRAME:
dialog: “He was the most beautiful person I had seen in all my life."
text: RESUMING: Fonny continuing whatever it is he’s saying here,
text: can’t make it out above the howl of the tracks and chatter of
dialog: the crowd.
text: Off Fonny repeating himself... and Tish not responding, still
dialog: lost in those lips...
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK - DAY - MONTAGE 2
text: The light falling, getting on to dusk.
dialog: 18.
text: Fonny and Tish moving, slowly tracing the paths of this park,
text: passing the wayfarers so integral to the charm of this place.
text: Somehow, the two not touching here: Tish’s arms folded about
text: herself, Fonny’s hands clasped behind his back.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I've slept in this park sometimes.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: No, it’s not a good idea.
text: Fonny reaching into his coat pocket now, retrieving a
dialog: cigarette. Gestures to Tish:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Not right now, thank you.
dialog: (and innocently)
dialog: Why did you sleep in the park?
text: Fonny taking a quick beat to get his cigarette lit:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: It was late. Didn’t want to go
dialog: home. Didn't want to wake up none
dialog: of you neither.
text: Check’s Tish’s response: clearly she’s never assumed someone
dialog: she loves has had to sleep in this park.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: But I got me a pad down here now.
dialog: I'll show it to you, you want to
dialog: see it?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (after a nod)
dialog: I'd like that.
text: These two still walking, circling a path around the park.
text: Fonny reaches an arm out, pulls her in close:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Good.
dialog: (and)
dialog: You want to eat down here or you
dialog: want to wait till we get back
dialog: uptown?
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: FONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Or you want to go to the movies or
dialog: you want a little wine or you want
dialog: a little pot or a beer or a cup of
dialog: coffee?
dialog: (and, a smile)
dialog: Or you just want to walk a little
dialog: more before you make up your mind?
text: Fonny’s grinning now, warm and sweet, brings his arm back
text: from around her and takes her hand in his, swinging it like a
text: little boy; a happy little boy.
scene_heading: END MONTAGE.
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME, FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: The doorbell ringing, resounding throughout the apartment.
dialog: Seems no one’s here at first, then...
text: ..-Ernestine appearing, dressed the same as before, didn’t
dialog: bother to change. Gets to that door and...
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Mrs. Hunt, how do you do, only way
dialog: to get to see you people is to call
dialog: an emergency summit, now you know
dialog: that ain’t right?
text: A hollow kiss on the cheek from MRS. HUNT (50 but attempting
text: to look younger... and it shows). As she passes, reveals two
text: young women, similar to Tish and Ernestine in age.
text: The girls moving past Ernestine with a look, something middle
text: school about it all. Coming up behind them is FRANK (50s,
text: handsome but tired). He and Ernestine share a genuine hug,
dialog: move together into...
scene_heading: THE LIVING ROOM
text: ..-enter the space and find an odd bit of domestic spacing:
text: Sharon with a hand on her hip, watching from near the
text: kitchen. Joe standing with Tish in his embrace at his side.
text: Mrs. Hunt and her girls stand on the opposite side of the
text: room, a semi-circle with their hands doing various awkward
dialog: things.
text: The Hunt women are all over-dressed.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So you saw my big-headed boy today?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes. He’s fine. He sends his love.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: They ain’t giving him too hard a
dialog: time, is they? I ask you like that
dialog: because, you know, he might say
dialog: things to you he won’t say to me.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S8.)
dialog: Lovers’ secrets.
text: Tish’s eyes cutting to the source of that voice: ADRIENNE,
text: the older of the two Hunt sisters (with SHEILA being the
text: other), sitting on the couch now, crossing her legs and
text: folding those arms with a shit-eating smirk.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Well. He hates it, you can see
dialog: that. And he should. But he’s
dialog: strong. He’ll be alright... but
dialog: we've got to get him out of there.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: If he’d done his reading and his
dialog: studying when he should have, he
dialog: wouldn’t be in there.
speaker_heading: FRANK JOSEPH
dialog: What you know about it you-- You bring that six-pack man?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Or I got some gin and we got
dialog: whiskey and we got some brandy.
dialog: Ain’t got no Thunderbird though--
dialog: (and, to Mrs. Hunt)
dialog: I’m sure you ladies won’t mind?
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: Mind? Frank does not care if we
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Mrs. Hunt, what can I get you,
dialog: sugar? I can offer you some tea, or
dialog: coffee; and we got ice cream, and
dialog: Coca Cola.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Yeah Mrs. Hunt, I can make you an
dialog: ice-cream soda. Come on Sheila, you
dialog: want to help me?
dialog: (grabbing Sheila)
dialog: Sit down Mama, me and Sheila got
dialog: it.
dialog: 21.
text: Sharon taking Sheila’s place now, Mrs. Hunt having sat beside
dialog: her daughters on the couch there:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Lord, the time sure flies. We ain’t
dialog: hardly seen each other since this
dialog: trouble started.
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: Don't say a word. I have been
dialog: running myself sick, all up and
text: down the Bronx, trying to get the
dialog: very best legal advice I can find.
dialog: I just pray and pray and pray that
dialog: the Lord will bring my boy to the
dialog: light. That's all I pray for, every
dialog: day and every night.
text: A long pause from Mrs. Hunt here, moment of reflection:
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: And then, sometimes I think that
dialog: maybe this is the Lord's way of
dialog: making my boy think on his sins and
dialog: surrender his soul to Jesus.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You might be right. The Lord sure
text: works in mysterious ways.
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: Oh yes. Now he may try you. But he
dialog: ain’t never left none of His
dialog: children alone.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: What you think of the lawyer
dialog: Ernestine found, Mr. Hayward?
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: I haven't seen him yet.
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I just have not had time to get
dialog: downtown. But I know Frank saw him--
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: What you think Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: It’s a white boy who’s been to law
dialog: school and he got them degrees. I
dialog: ain’t got to tell you what that
dialog: means: it don’t mean shit.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: You're talking to a woman.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm hip, and it’s a mighty welcome
dialog: change.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Like I was saying, it don’t mean
dialog: shit and I ain’t sure we’re going
text: to stay with him. On the other
dialog: hand, as white boys go, he’s not so
dialog: bad: he’s young and hungry, so he’s
dialog: not as full of shit now as he may
dialog: be when he’s full.
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: But I keep trying to tell you, that
dialog: it's that negative attitude, you're
dialog: so full of hate! If you give people
dialog: hatred, they will give it back to
dialog: you! Every time I hear you talk
dialog: this way my heart breaks for my
text: son, sitting in a dungeon which
dialog: only the love of God can bring him
dialog: out of.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: He's not talking hatred, Maybeline.
dialog: He's just telling the truth.
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: I trust in God, I know He cares for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't know how God expects a man
text: to act when his son is in a cage.
dialog: Your God crucified His son and was
text: probably glad to get rid of him,
dialog: but I ain't like that. I ain't
text: hardly going out in the street and
dialog: kiss the first white cop I see. But
dialog: I'll be a very loving motherfucker
dialog: the day my son walks out of that
dialog: hellhole, free. Oh, I'll be full of
dialog: love, that day.
text: Mrs. Hunt puts her head in her hands as Frank slowly crosses
text: the room again, sits near Joe at the dining table.
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE
dialog: Mr. Rivers, exactly what is the
dialog: purpose of this meeting?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE (CONT'D)
dialog: You haven't called us all the way
dialog: over here just to watch my father
dialog: insult my mother?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Why not? It's Saturday night. You
dialog: can't tell what people won't do if
dialog: they get bored enough. Maybe we
dialog: just invited you over to liven
dialog: things up?
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE
dialog: I can believe that you're that
dialog: malicious... but I can't believe
dialog: you're that stupid.
text: Off Tish, CUT TO...
scene_heading: INT. SPANISH RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: At a table more to the side than the back — none of that shit
text: — find Fonny and Tish, a continuation of their date begun in
dialog: the previous “Montage 2.”
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Pedrocito, que pasa? ¢éPodemos tener
dialog: algtin servicio, por favor?
text: Tish looking on wide-eyed, has never seen him speak Spanish.
text: A server (PEDROCITO, 20s) approaching, a smile on his face:
speaker_heading: PEDROCITO
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: “Servicio, servicio.”
dialog: (and at Tish)
dialog: Senorita, how may I help you, I’m
dialog: sorry your company tonight is less
dialog: than desirable but this can’t be
dialog: helped.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: No se puede evitar, mi culo.
text: Laughter from the two of them:
speaker_heading: PEDROCITO
dialog: Oye, estas con una mujer,
dialog: encantadora!
text: Tish in heaven here, eyes fixed on Fonny, roving from him to
text: Predocito and back.
dialog: 24.
text: As the men continue their banter, jostling and joking like
text: old friends, their voices drift off the soundtrack:
dialog: “I had never seen Fonny outside the world in which I moved. I
dialog: had seen him with his father and his mother, and I had seen
dialog: him with us."
scene_heading: ANGLE ON: FONNY
text: ...face spread wide in a smile, looking from Predocito to
text: Tish and back, from Pedrocito to us — right at us — his eyes
text: alight with some mixture of joy and pride.
dialog: “I had certainly never seen him in the world in which he
dialog: moved."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TISH AND FONNY
text: ...leaving the restaurant, the meal finished, Pedrocito and a
text: few other Spanish men gathered near the exit to see them off.
text: As Tish looks on...
dialog: “Perhaps it was only now I was able to see him with me, for
text: he was turned away from me, laughing... but he was holding my
dialog: hand."
text: As Fonny leads Tish out onto the sidewalk...
speaker_heading: PEDROCITO
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: A very good night Sefiorita! You are
dialog: always welcome here.
scene_heading: EXT. AVE A AND ST. MARKS - NIGHT - MOVING
text: The holding of hands, a knowing smile playing about Fonny’s
text: face as he watches Tish. Anticipation.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Tish....
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Come and see my place, won’t you?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: But... it’s late.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: It ain’t far.
text: Tish looking at him as they continue walking, studying his
text: face for a clue, then:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Okay, Fonny.
dialog: (and again)
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - RESUMING
text: Ernestine and Sheila returning from the kitchen carrying
text: platters of drinks; the smile on Ernestine’s face is pure
dialog: delight, the one on Sheila’s? Not so much.
text: Ernestine setting down her tray, raising her glass:
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Happy landings.
text: Everyone going quiet now. Everyone... waiting and, in the
text: space of this waiting, everyone's eyes slowly, definitively
dialog: drawing themselves to...
speaker_heading: TISH
text: All eyes on Tish, for once alone in the room, neither her
text: parents nor Ernestine beside her.
text: Tish rises, nervous hand running down her waist to smooth her
text: dress. She takes a step, just a small one, symbolic, toward
dialog: Frank:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I called this meeting. I had Daddy
dialog: ask you all to come over so I could
dialog: tell you what I had to tell Fonny
dialog: this afternoon.
text: Mrs. Hunt setting down her ice-cream float. Sharon taking a
text: sip of her gin and tonic. Ernestine... smiling.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: What I had to tell Fonny this
dialog: afternoon is... that Fonny’s going
dialog: to be a father.
dialog: (and)
dialog: We're going to have a baby.
text: All at once in this room, several things: Mrs. Hunt’s eyes
text: leaving Tish, lowering, eyes to the floor;
dialog: 26.
text: Frank and Joe turning to one another, holding each other's
text: gaze in silence; Sheila and Adrienne rolling their eyes in
text: contempt; Sharon and Ernestine making eye contact, a wink, a
dialog: sip.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Joe)
dialog: You and me? We going to go out and
dialog: get drunk.
text: A huge laugh of joy from Frank, the clasping of hands between
dialog: these two.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (at Tish)
dialog: I’m glad. Don’t you worry, I’m
dialog: mighty--
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: And who is going to be responsible
dialog: for this baby?
speaker_heading: TISH
text: The father and the mother.
text: Mrs. Hunt staring, something smoldering in her.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You can bet that it won’t be the
dialog: Holy damn Ghost.
text: Mrs. Hunt shooting Frank a look of disgust, then rising,
text: begins slowly crossing the room:
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: I guess you call your lustful
dialog: action love. I don’t. I always knew
dialog: you'd be the destruction of my son.
dialog: The Bible says: “Put to death
dialog: therefore what is earthly in you:
dialog: sexual immorality, impurity,
dialog: passion, evil desire and
dialog: covetousness.”
dialog: (and)
dialog: That child is borne of sin, the
dialog: Holy Ghost will cause it to shrivel
dialog: in your womb. But my son will be
dialog: forgiven. My prayers will--
speaker_heading: WOMP !
text: From nowhere and everywhere, Frank here standing over Mrs.
text: Hunt having knocked her senseless, sprawled to the floor.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE
dialog: Her heart!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I think you’ll find it’s still
dialog: pumping. But I wouldn’t call it no
dialog: heart.
text: Frank does not look remorseful, more sad than anything, sad
dialog: over everything.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Joe, let the women take care of her
dialog: and come on with me.
text: Joe hesitating, still shocked by the violence:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Please man, come on.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Go on with him, Joe.
dialog: Go on.
text: Ernestine moving past Sharon, has a bottle of rubbing alcohol
text: and a hand full of cotton balls.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Go on. We don’t need you here.
text: Joe nodding at his wife in ascent, eyes on Mrs. Hunt as he
text: rounds the living room, takes his coat from a chair-back, a
text: hand to Frank’s shoulder just ahead of him.
text: The women all watching as the men exit, the door slowly
text: closed behind them.
text: Coming back to the living room, an undeniably potent image:
dialog: these six women alone now in this house, having bared witness
dialog: to the past moment’s events.
dialog: 
text: Mrs. Hunt getting to her feet slowly, free hand bracing
text: herself as she lowers to the couch.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: That was a terrible thing you said
dialog: to me. It was the most terrible
dialog: thing I’ve heard in all my life.
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE
dialog: My father didn’t have to slap her.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: She’s got a weak heart.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: She’s got a weak head, the Holy
dialog: Ghost done softened y’all brain,
dialog: child: did she forget it was
dialog: Frank's grandchild she was cursing?
dialog: I know some men would have cut that
dialog: weak heart out of your body and
text: gladly gone to hell to pay for it.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: I don’t think you have the right to
text: sneer at my mother’s faith.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Oh don’t give me that bullshit, you
dialog: so shamed you got a Holy Roller for
dialog: a mother, you don’t know what to
dialog: do. You make me sick.
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE
dialog: You make me sick. Maybe my mother
dialog: didn't say it exactly like she
dialog: should have, but he didn’t have to--
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: My father doesn’t hit my mother.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Baby your mother a lot smarter than
dialog: hers.
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE
dialog: And who do you funky niggers think
dialog: you are? She only asked one
dialog: question: ‘Who’s going to raise
dialog: this baby?’ And who is? Tish ain’t
dialog: got no education and God knows she
dialog: ain’t got nothin’ else. And Fonny
dialog: ain’t never been worth a damn, so
dialog: who is going to take care of this
dialog: baby?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I am, you dried up yellow cunt, and
dialog: you keep on talking, I’m going to
dialog: take mighty good care of you.
text: Adrienne putting her hands on her hips in response, in Harlem
text: an unmistakable challenge. Ernestine pounces:
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Adrienne? Baby? May I tell you
dialog: something, Sweetie-pie?
dialog: 29.
text: Ernestine puts one hand very lightly against Adrienne's
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Oh, sugar. From the very first day
dialog: I laid eyes on your fine person, I
dialog: got hung up on your Adam's apple. I
dialog: been dreaming about it; it's
dialog: delicious. I just can't tell,
dialog: Sweetie, if I want to tear it out
dialog: with my fingers... or my teeth. It
dialog: is a thing of beauty. And if you
dialog: touch my sister, I'm going to have
dialog: to make up my mind pretty quick,
dialog: SO...
text: Ernestine moves away from Adrienne, gestures at Tish.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: ...touch her. Go on, please.
speaker_heading: SHEILA
dialog: I knew we shouldn't have come. I
dialog: knew it.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: My. I must have a dirty mind,
dialog: Sheila. I didn’t know that you
dialog: could even say that word.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Ernestine.
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE
dialog: Come on Sheila, let’s go.
text: Adrienne moving and Sheila following, the two of them helping
text: Mrs. Hunt to her feet.
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: I sure hope...
dialog: (dramatic sigh)
dialog: ...that you’re pleased with the way
dialog: you raised your daughters.
text: Sharon just staring at Mrs. Hunt here, says nothing, the
dialog: whole thing a wonderful spectacle now:
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: My girls won't be bringing me no
dialog: bastards to feed, I can guarantee
dialog: you that.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: That’s because won’t nobody fuck
dialog: ‘em.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Ernestine!
text: Sharon cocking her head now, finally perplexed by all this.
text: Stares at Mrs. Hunt a long moment:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: But the child that’s coming... is
dialog: your grandchild. I don’t understand
dialog: you, it’s your grandchild. What
dialog: difference does it make how it gets
dialog: here? The child ain’t got nothing
dialog: to do with that; don’t none of us
dialog: have nothing to do with that.
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: That child....
text: Looks from Sharon to Tish, starts for the door:
scene_heading: MRS. HUNT
dialog: (moving)
dialog: That child....
text: Tish and family watching as the Hunts make their way out
text: silently, everything different now. As we watch them go...
dialog: “It's astounding the first time you realize a stranger has a
dialog: body."
scene_heading: INT. BANK STREET FLAT - NIGHT
text: Fonny and Tish standing in this basement apartment. From
text: their dress, a continuation of their dinner at the Spanish
dialog: restaurant.
text: “The realization that he has a body makes him a stranger."
text: We take the place in as Tish does: a small, low room, but for
text: a fireplace. Just off the room is a tiny kitchenette and a
text: bathroom. There’s a wooden stool and a couple of hassocks and
text: a large wooden table and a smaller one.
text: On the small table, a few empty beer cans and on the large
text: one, tools. The room smells of wood; there’s raw wood
dialog: everywhere.
text: In the far corner, a mattress on the floor covered with a
text: Mexican shawl. Fonny's pencil sketches are pinned on the
text: wall. The only other item: a photograph of Frank.
dialog: 31.
dialog: “We were to spend a lifetime in this room."
text: Fonny standing across the room from Tish. She’s watching him;
text: they both know she’s watching him.
text: Fonny crossing to the palette there, takes up that Mexican
text: shawl, walks over to Tish, drapes it over her head and
text: shoulders. Grins and steps back:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I be damned, there’s a rose in
dialog: Spanish Harlem.
text: Tish smiling, blushing, girlish, how could she not?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Next week, I’m going to get you a
dialog: rose for your hair.
text: Just a foot of space between them, eyeing each other as they
dialog: no doubt have many times before. Something different about
text: this time, though. Fonny spells it out:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: We're grown up now, you know?
text: Tish nods, can’t speak right now, too much going through her
dialog: mind to get there.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: And you've always been mine, no?
dialog: Again that nod.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: And you know... that I’ve always
dialog: been yours, right?
dialog: Tish thinking, so much thinking right now:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I never thought about it that way.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Think about it now.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I just....
text: Tish’s lips quivering now, whatever emotion this is it’s
text: coming upon her fast and heavy, pushing and pulling:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I just know that I love you.
dialog: 32.
text: She's crying now, Fonny closing the space between them,
text: removing that shawl and pulling her into him.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I love you too... but I try not to
dialog: cry about it.
text: Fonny laughing, a sweet laugh, a smile and then another kiss,
text: harder this time, the passion of it removing that lightness.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: (serious)
dialog: I want you to marry me.
dialog: (at her shock)
dialog: That's right. I’m yours and you’re
dialog: mine and that’s it.
text: Fonny holding Tish away from him now, a bit of space to take
text: her in, to read her. She’s processing.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Now, I’ve got to try to explain
dialog: something to you.
text: Fonny leads Tish (gently) over to his worktable:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: This is where my life is, my real
dialog: life.
text: Fonny picks up a small piece of wood. There’s the hope of an
text: eye gouged into it, the suggestion of a nose.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: This might turn out all right one
dialog: day, it might not. I don't know a
dialog: thing about it yet.
text: He puts it down again, very gently, looks at Tish with his
text: little smile.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Now, listen, I ain't the kind of
dialog: joker going to give you a hard time
text: running around after other chicks
dialog: and shit like that. I smoke a
dialog: little pot but I ain't never popped
dialog: no needles and I'm really just a
dialog: square, but....
text: Fonny taking a moment to gather his thoughts, looks at her
text: very quietly, very hard.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: But... I live with wood and stone.
dialog: I got stone in the basement and I'm
dialog: working up here all the time and
dialog: I'm looking for a loft where I can
dialog: really work. So, all I'm trying to
dialog: tell you is... I ain't offering you
dialog: much. I ain't got no money and I
dialog: work at odd jobs, just for bread,
dialog: because I ain't about to go for
text: none of their jive-ass okeydoke.
dialog: And that means that you going to
dialog: have to work, too, and when you
dialog: come home most likely I'll just
dialog: grunt and keep on with my chisels
dialog: and shit and maybe sometimes you'll
dialog: think I don't even know you're
dialog: there. But don't ever think that,
dialog: ever. You're with me all the time,
dialog: without you I don't know if I could
dialog: make it at all, and when I put down
dialog: the chisel, I'll always come to
dialog: you. I'll always come to you,
dialog: ‘cause I need you, understand?
dialog: Is that all right, Tish?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes. Of course it’s alright with
dialog: me. I love you.
text: Fonny not smiling, instead just watching her, the openness of
text: their eyes here. He pulls her in close, kisses her, with more
text: feeling than before. Tish gives herself over to him.
text: Fonny taking her hand, leading her away from the center of
text: the room, over to that palette. Turns his back to it, sits on
text: the edge before pulling Tish down to him, a bit awkward at
text: first but settling in, her body at his feet, head at his lap.
text: Fonny caresses her cheek, leans down over and kisses her, the
text: heat between them mounting.
text: His hands finding their way, undoing Tish’s blouse, exposing
text: her, the shock of everything at first a start on Tish’s face,
text: then an agreement, a joining.
text: Fonny pulling Tish onto the bed, undressing her, carefully,
text: gently, kissing her the whole way.
text: She's naked.
text: Fonny rising, scans the room and retrieves that shawl. Moves
text: back to the bed, takes a warm look at Tish there, covers her
text: with the shawl. Disappears away from the room.
dialog: 34.
text: Beat; a beat here with Tish as she listens to Fonny in the
text: bathroom , the sound of him pissing, the toilet flushing,
text: quickly running water.
text: A brief moment of quiet then... Fonny reappearing, fully
text: naked, Tish watching him as he crosses the room, the full of
text: him as he moves through the space, approaches the one lamp in
dialog: this room and...
speaker_heading: DARKNESS
text: .--but not BLACK, the street light through the windows there,
text: a generous angle in this basement apartment, a muted quality
text: to the light, just enough to make them out.
text: Fonny slipping beneath the shawl with Tish, his body atop
text: hers but bearing his own weight. Looks down to her:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Now don’t be scared.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Don’t be scared. Just remember that
dialog: I belong to you. Just remember that
dialog: I wouldn't hurt you for nothing in
dialog: this world. You just going to have
dialog: to get used to me. And we got all
dialog: the time in the world
text: Tish meeting his eyes, nodding without moving. Fonny looking
text: down at her now, down her body as he maneuvers beneath that
dialog: shawl:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Don’t be scared.
dialog: Hold onto me.
text: Off a clinched, guttural exhale from Tish’s lips, her throat,
dialog: her gut...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK STREET FLAT - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Breaths, all breaths and pants and sighs from somewhere deep,
text: a thirst for air to keep from drowning in release.
text: Fonny holding himself just above Tish, both shaking, both
text: sweating, from the shape of Tish’s back, everything tense,
text: pushed to its limit.
text: That shawl gone now, wadded in a ball in some impossible
text: location away from them. Fonny looking down at the space
text: between their naked bodies. He can be such a little boy, that
dialog: guilty smile:
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: I’m sorry to have made such a mess.
dialog: But I guess you don’t want to have
dialog: no baby right away and I didn’t
dialog: have no protection.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: I think I made a mess too. Isn’t
dialog: there supposed to be blood?
dialog: (a flash of shyness)
dialog: It was my first time. Did you know?
text: From Fonny’s endearing look: of course he did.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: I had a hemorrhage. Shall we look?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: I don’t mind.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Why are we whispering?
dialog: That smile again:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: It’s what people do when they
dialog: screw.
text: Even Tish not naive enough to go for that, smacks him
text: playfully, Fonny laughing it away:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I like lying here like this.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I do too. Do you like me?
dialog: (and)
dialog: I mean - when I make love to you -
dialog: do you like it?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: You just want to hear me say it.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: That's true.
dialog: (and)
dialog: So....
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: So why don't you go ahead and say
dialog: it?
text: Fonny kisses her. Clearly he’s a man in love.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Well... it was a little bit like
text: being hit by a truck...
dialog: (and)
dialog: -..-but it was the most beautiful
dialog: thing that ever happened to me.
text: A long, silent beat, then...
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (and)
dialog: For me, too.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT
text: Despite the lack of a crowd, Fonny and Tish standing at the
text: center of this car, wedged against one another, Fonny
text: holding, protecting Tish.
scene_heading: EXT. TISH’S HOME - DAY (DAWN)
text: Fonny and Tish arriving on her stoop, hand in hand, the sun
text: rising over Harlem.
text: We see these quick beats as Tish describes them:
dialog: “TI thought Fonny would leave me there, but he took me by the
dialog: hand and said...."
text: Fonny, directly at us, all mouth and lips:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TISH’S FRONT DOOR OPENING
text: ..-Ernestine revealed there, an initial look of recognition
text: followed by... a knowing smile.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME - DAY
text: Still in this threshold, Ernestine just within, Tish and
text: Fonny just beyond.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: You're just in time for coffee.
speaker_heading: TISH FONNY
dialog: We was-— Good morning, Miss Rivers,
dialog: I’m sorry we comin’ in so
dialog: late. Can I speak to Mr.
dialog: Rivers, please? It’s
dialog: important.
text: These two standing side by side, hand in hand, a unit. That
text: smile in Ernestine’s eyes again:
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: It might be easier to see him if
dialog: you come inside out that hall.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Sis, we--
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: --want to get married.
text: Both Ernestine and Tish looking at Fonny with wild eyes, his
text: heart racing, that blurted out, forced its way out of him:
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Then you better have some coffee,
dialog: come on in here.
text: Ernestine turning, leading the two of them into the
dialog: apartment.
text: From somewhere inside:
speaker_heading: SHARON (0.S.)
dialog: Now where have you two been ‘till
dialog: this hour of the morning?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE KITCHEN
text: ..-Ernestine at the dining table nursing a cup of coffee,
text: Sharon at the pot preparing another, by the looks of things
dialog: preparing quite a few.
text: As Fonny and Tish edge closer:
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Don’t you know better than to be
dialog: behaving like that? I declare, we
text: was just about to call the police.
text: Sharon looking across the kitchen at Ernestine, the two
text: exchanging a look that makes this clear: they are not upset,
dialog: having a good time with this.
text: That lost on Fonny though, he’s nervous as hell:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I’m sorry Mrs. Rivers, it’s all my
dialog: fault.
text: Tish inching closer to Fonny, right on his hip...
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I hadn’t seen Tish for a few weeks
dialog: and we had a lot to talk about; I
dialog: had a lot to talk about, I kept her
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Talking?
text: ...Tish inching away from Fonny.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: We....
text: The room dead quiet. In Sharon’s eyes, expectation:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: We... want to get married.
dialog: (all downhill now)
dialog: That’s how come I kept her out so
dialog: late. I love Tish. That’s why I
dialog: stayed away so long. I even....
dialog: (looks to Tish, a pain)
dialog: ...I even went to see other girls
dialog: and, I did all kinds of things, to
dialog: kind of get it out of my mind.
dialog: (checks Tish: still down)
dialog: But I could see I was just fooling
dialog: myself. I didn’t love nobody else
dialog: but her. And then I got scared that
dialog: maybe she’d go away or somebody
dialog: else would come along and take her
dialog: away and so I came back.
dialog: (squeezes her hand)
dialog: I came runnin’ back. And I don’t
dialog: have to go away again.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: FONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: She's always been my girl, you know
dialog: that. And... I’m not a bad boy. You
dialog: know that. And you’re... you’re the
dialog: only family I’ve ever had.
text: A long, pronounced silence.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Now see, that's why I can’t figure
dialog: out why you callin’ me Mrs. Rivers
text: all of a sudden.
dialog: (and at Tish)
dialog: I hope you realize, Miss, that you
dialog: ain't but eighteen years old.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: That argument and a subway token
dialog: will get you from here to the
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (at Ernestine)
dialog: What do you think about all this?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Me? I’m delighted to be rid of the
dialog: little brat. I never could see what
dialog: all the rest of you saw in her, I
dialog: swear. Take some sugar Fonny,
dialog: you're going to need it if you
dialog: intend to tie yourself up with my
dialog: sweet little sister.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Joe! Come on out here, lightning’s
dialog: done struck the poorhouse! Come on
dialog: now, I mean it!
text: Fonny taking Tish’s hand, as much to protect himself as to
text: comfort her. Sound of Joe approaching, Tish and Fonny opening
text: their stance to face him.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: (measured)
dialog: I'd like you to tell me exactly
dialog: what you mean young lady by walking
dialog: in here this hour of the morning.
dialog: If you want to leave home, then you
dialog: leave home, you hear? But as long
dialog: as you in my house, you got to
dialog: respect it. You hear me?
dialog: 40.
text: Joe's gaze shifting to Fonny. Fonny immediately releasing
text: Tish’s hand, takes a deep breath:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Mr. Rivers, please don't scold her.
dialog: It's all my fault, sir. I kept her
dialog: out. I had to talk to her. I asked
dialog: her to marry me. That's what we
dialog: were doing out so long. We want to
dialog: get married. That's why I'm here.
dialog: You're her father. You love her.
dialog: And so I know you know - you have
dialog: to know - that I love her. I've
dialog: loved her all my life. You know
dialog: that. And if I didn't love her, I
dialog: wouldn't be standing in this room
dialog: now - would I? I could have left
text: her on the stoop and run away
dialog: again. I know you might want to
dialog: beat me up. But I love her. That's
dialog: all I can tell you.
text: Joe looking at the boy, that same poker face as Sharon:
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I’m twenty-one, sir.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You think that’s old enough to get
dialog: married?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I don’t know sir, but it’s old
dialog: enough to know who you love.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I know so.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: How you going to feed her?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: How did you?
text: Joe's jaw tightening. Ernestine pushes a cup of coffee in his
dialog: direction.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You got a job?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I load moving vans in the daytime
dialog: and I sculpt at night. I'ma
dialog: sculptor. We know it won't be easy.
text: They stare at each other again. Joseph picking up his coffee
text: without looking at it, sips it without tasting it.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Now, let me get this straight. You
dialog: asked my little girl to marry you,
dialog: and she said--
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: And you come here to tell me or to
dialog: ask my permission?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Both, sir.
text: Both men measuring each other. Joe puts his coffee down.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: What would you do in my place?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I'd ask my daughter. If she tells
dialog: you she don't love me, I'll go away
dialog: and I won't never bother you no
dialog: more.
text: Joe looks hard at Fonny, a long look, as though he wants to
text: knock Fonny down, as though he wants to take him in his arms.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: (at Tish)
dialog: You love him, Tish?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
text: Joe looking from Fonny to Tish, the two of them joining
text: hands, Tish to the side of but just behind Fonny, likely the
text: first time Joe has ever seen a man between him and his
dialog: daughter.
dialog: 42.
text: A weighted, but lovely silence around the room. All of them
dialog: slipping into the inevitability of this moment as we...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: And OVER BLACK, super-impose a period specific case-file,
text: frame within the frame against BLACK: yellowed paper with
text: brown horizontal lining, a hand written police report. We see
text: this text as Tish narrates:
dialog: “Mrs. Victoria Rogers, née Victoria Maria San Felipe Sanchez,
text: declares that on the evening of March 5, between the hours of
text: eleven and twelve, in the vestibule of her home, she was
text: criminally assaulted by a man she now knows to have been
text: Alonzo ‘Fonny' Hunt, and was used by the aforesaid Hunt in
text: the most extreme and abominable sexual manner, and forced to
dialog: undergo the most unimaginable sexual perversions."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A STILL PHOTO
text: .-+.Still this frame within the frame against BLACK, a photo
dialog: of Victoria Rogers, not crime related.
text: Dressed simply, looking right at us. A portrait. We’ll cycle
text: through a series of these portraits as Tish continues:
dialog: “I have never seen her. I know only that an American-born
dialog: Irishman went to Puerto Rico six years ago and there, met
text: Victoria, who was then eighteen. He married her and brought
dialog: her to New York."
text: IMAGE 2: Victoria and her Irishman, standing in front of the
dialog: New York courthouse.
dialog: “Having pumped three children out of her, he left.”
text: IMAGE 3: A simple establishing image of Orchard Street.
dialog: “Her ‘home’ is on Orchard Street; Orchard Street, if you know
dialog: New York, is a very long way from Bank Street."
text: IMAGE 4: An establishing image of Bank Street.
text: “Orchard Street is damn near in the East River and Bank
dialog: Street is practically in the Hudson."
text: IMAGE 5/SERIES: Alternating stills of Orchard and Bank
text: streets to illustrate their distance from one another.
dialog: “It is not possible to run from Orchard to Bank Street,
dialog: particularly not with the police behind you. Yet, Officer
text: Bell swears he saw Fonny ‘run' from the scene of the crime."
dialog: 43.
text: IMAGE 6: Rather than Victoria, a face we’ve not seen before,
text: a red-headed, blue-eyed officer staring right at us.
dialog: “This is possible only if Officer Bell were off duty, for his
dialog: "beat" is on the West Side, not the East."
text: IMAGE 7: Fonny in cuffs, being forced into a squad car by the
dialog: aforementioned Bell.
dialog: “And yet it is now up to the accused to prove — and pay for
dialog: proving — the irregularity and improbability of this sequence
dialog: of events.”
scene_heading: END SEQUENCE.
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE - DAY
text: Tish and Sharon sitting beside one another in a very typical,
text: very oak strewn law office.
text: Across from them, a man who’s name we’ve heard but not met:
text: HAYWARD (late 30s, white), Fonny’s lawyer.
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: Well, as you ladies know, this is a
dialog: very difficult case.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: That's why my sister hired you.
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: And you are beginning to feel now
dialog: that her confidence was misplaced?
text: Hayward smiling through that: he gets it. Lights a cigar.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: No.
dialog: I wouldn't say that.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: We miss him, that’s all. This is...
dialog: it’s getting to us.
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: I can certainly understand that,
dialog: and I'm doing all I can to get him
dialog: back to you just as fast as I can.
dialog: But, as you ladies know, the very
dialog: greatest difficulty has been caused
dialog: by the refusal of Mrs. Rogers to
text: reconsider her testimony. And now
text: she has disappeared.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Disappeared? But...
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: How can she just disappear?
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: This is a very big city, a very big
dialog: country, for that matter, a very
dialog: big world. People disappear. I
dialog: don't think that she has gone very
dialog: far, they certainly do not have the
dialog: means for a long journey. But her
dialog: family may have returned her to
dialog: Puerto Rico. In any case, in order
dialog: to find her, I will need special
dialog: investigators, and--
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: That means money.
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: Unfortunately....
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: That filthy bitch.
dialog: (and again)
dialog: That filthy bitch.
text: Sharon reaching a hand to Tish’s back:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: How much money?
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: I’m trying to keep it as low as
dialog: possible, but special investigators
dialog: are... special, I'm afraid, and
dialog: they know it.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Puerto Rico.
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: We don't know that she’s returned
dialog: there, but it is a very vivid
dialog: possibility. Anyway, she and her
dialog: new man disappeared some days ago
text: from the apartment on Orchard St..
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: But doesn't it make it look bad for
dialog: her story, to just disappear like
dialog: that? She's the key witness in this
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
text: Yes. But she is a ‘distraught,
dialog: ignorant, Puerto Rican woman,
text: suffering from the aftereffects of
dialog: rape. So her behavior is not
text: incomprehensible.’
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You see what I mean?
text: Hayward watching Tish, makes sure she gets what he’s saying.
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: And she is only one of the key
dialog: witnesses in this case. You have
dialog: forgotten the testimony of Officer
dialog: Bell; his was the really
dialog: authoritative identification of the
text: rapist. It is Bell who swears that
text: he saw Alonzo running away from the
dialog: scene of the crime. And I have
dialog: always been of the opinion — you
dialog: will remember that we discussed
dialog: this — that it is his testimony
dialog: which Mrs. Rogers continually
dialog: repeats-——
speaker_heading: TISH
text: If he saw Fonny at the scene of the
dialog: crime, then why did he have to wait
dialog: and come and get him out of the
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Tish.
dialog: (and to Hayward)
dialog: You mean — let me get you straight
dialog: now — that it's that Officer Bell
dialog: who tells her what to say?
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: You're saying--
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: That there's no way of getting at
dialog: the truth in this case?
dialog: 46.
text: Off both their nonplussed faces:
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: If I didn't believe in Alonzo's
dialog: innocence, I would never have taken
dialog: the case. Now, the two of you
dialog: insist that you were together, in
text: the room on Bank Street, along with
dialog: an old friend, Daniel Carty. Your
dialog: testimony, as you can imagine,
dialog: counts for nothing, and Daniel
dialog: Carty has just been arrested by the
text: DA's office and is being held
dialog: incommunicado. I have not been
dialog: allowed to see him.
text: Hayward rises and paces to the window.
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: What they are doing is really
dialog: against the law, but... Daniel has
dialog: a record. They obviously intend to
dialog: make him change his testimony. And,
dialog: I do not know this, but I am
dialog: willing to bet that that is how and
dialog: why Mrs. Rogers has disappeared.
dialog: So. You see. I will make it as easy
dialog: as I can. But it will still be very
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: How soon do you need the money?
speaker_heading: HAYWARD
dialog: I’ve begun the operation already of
dialog: tracing the lady. I’1l need the
dialog: money aS soon as you can get it.
dialog: I’ll also force the DA's office to
dialog: allow me to see Daniel Carty, but
dialog: they will throw every conceivable
dialog: obstacle in my way--
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: So we're trying... to buy time.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK CITY CORRECTIONAL FACILITY - DAY
text: Fonny and Tish across that familiar divide.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: The fuck we going to do about Mrs.
dialog: Rogers? Where the fuck did she go?
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (calming)
dialog: I don't know. But we'll find her.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: How you going to find her?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: We're sending people to Puerto
dialog: Rico. We think that's where she
dialog: went.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: And suppose she went to Argentina?
dialog: Or Chile? Or China?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: How's she going to get that far?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: They can give her the money to go
dialog: anywhere!
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: The DA's office, that's who!
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Fonny--
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You don't believe me? You don't
dialog: think they can do it?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I don't think they have.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: How you going to get the money to
dialog: find her?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: We're all working, all of us.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Yeah. My Daddy's working in the
dialog: garment center, you're working in a
dialog: department store, your Daddy's
dialog: working on the waterfront--
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Fonny, listen--
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Listen to what? What we going to do
dialog: about that fucking lawyer? He don't
dialog: give a shit about me, he don't give
dialog: a shit about nobody! You want me to
dialog: die in here? You know what's going
dialog: on in here? You know what's
dialog: happening to me? To me in here?
text: Fonny’s head going down to that desk, has to hide the
text: moisture we clearly see falling to the table-top before him,
dialog: wiped as quick as it falls, gotta stay a man.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I'm sorry, baby. I don't mean none
dialog: of that for you. I'm sorry. I love
dialog: you. You know that, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I do. And I understand what you
dialog: goin’ through, I’m with you baby.
text: Fonny nodding that in, convincing himself. That smile again.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: How's the baby coming?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: It's growing. I'll start showing
dialog: more next month.
text: Eye each other across this glass, Fonny trying to hold it
dialog: together, but...
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Get me out of here, baby. Get me
dialog: out of here, please.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I promise, baby, I promise.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I'm sorry I yelled. I wasn't
dialog: yelling at you.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (a tear forming)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Please don't cry. Please don't
dialog: cry... it's bad for the baby.
dialog: (and a smile now)
speaker_heading: FONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: Make they skin all wrinkled, come
dialog: out lookin’ like a old man, be
text: givin’ birth to a baby Red Foxx.
dialog: 49.
text: Something between a laugh and a cry at that, tear and the
dialog: laugh at once:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: That’s right, give us a smile.
text: Tish wiping another tear, composing herself, a nice smile:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Is that all right?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You can do better than that.
text: Tish sticking out her tongue, crossing her eyes.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Is this better?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Yeah, you nut, give us a kiss.
text: Tish’s palm to her lips, placed flat against the glass. Fonny
text: meeting it with his palm, then carrying it back to his lips.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You still love me?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I'll always love you.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I love you, baby. I miss you. I
dialog: miss everything about you, I miss
dialog: everything we had together,
dialog: everything we did together, walking
dialog: and talking and making love; baby,
dialog: get me out of here.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I will. Hold on.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I promise. You take care of
dialog: yourself out there.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I will Fonny, you know I will.
dialog: 50.
text: Fonny raising his fist to the glass, Tish meeting it.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: “Fonny had been walking down Seventh Avenue when he ran into
dialog: Daniel. They had not seen each other since their days at the
dialog: vocational school.”
scene_heading: EXT. SEVENTH AVENUE - DAY
text: Fonny and the aforementioned DANIEL standing on the sidewalk.
text: A lot of laughing and high-fiving from the two but we don’t
text: hear any of it, instead, Tish’s narration:
dialog: “Time had not improved Daniel."
scene_heading: ANGLE ON: DANIEL
dialog: “He was still big, black, and loud; at the age of twenty-
text: three, a little older than Fonny, but he was already running
text: out of familiar faces. So... they grabbed each other on the
dialog: avenue.”
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Wow! What's happenin’?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Why you asking me, man?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Because, like the man says about
dialog: Mt. Everest: ‘You're there.’
text: Fonny laughing at that, we can quickly tell he loves this
dialog: cat.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Come on. We got some beer at the
dialog: pad. You remember Tish?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Skinny little Tish?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Yeah. She's still my girl. We going
dialog: to get married, man. Come on and
dialog: let me show you the pad. And she'll
dialog: fix us something to eat, I told you
dialog: we got beer at the house.
text: Fonny throwing a hand behind Daniel’s neck jovially.
dialog: 51.
dialog: “And though he certainly shouldn't be spending the money, he
text: pushes Daniel into a cab and they roll on down to Bank
dialog: Street: where I am not expecting them."
scene_heading: INT. BANK STREET FLAT - DAY
text: Tish looking on with surprise as Fonny and Daniel push into
text: the apartment still laughing their asses off.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Daniel and Tish exchanging hugs of greeting, Fonny gesturing
text: and explaining this run in but, again, we hear none of it,
dialog: instead:
dialog: “But I could not be indifferent to Daniel because I realized,
text: from Fonny's face, how marvelous it was for him to have
text: scooped up from the swamp waters of his past, an old friend."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BANK STREET —- DAY - MOVING
text: Moving with Tish as she walks along the sidewalk, shopping
text: bag at her shoulder.
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK STREET FLAT - DAY
text: Daniel and Fonny with fresh beers before them. A record
text: player going, Les McCann’s "Compared To What” playing as the
text: two squat on the floor.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (both wishful and mocking)
dialog: So, you really going to get
dialog: married?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Well, yeah, we looking for a place
dialog: to live; we looking for a loft
dialog: because that don't cost no whole
dialog: lot of bread, you know, and that
dialog: way I can work without Tish being
dialog: bugged to death. This room ain't
dialog: big enough for one, ain't no
dialog: question about its being big enough
dialog: for two, and I got all my work here
text: and in the basement.
text: Fonny rolling a cigarette as he speaks:
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: FONNY
text: They got lofts standing empty all
dialog: over the East Side, man, and don't
dialog: nobody want to rent them, except
dialog: freaks like me. And they all fire
dialog: traps and some of them ain't even
dialog: got no toilets. So, you figure like
dialog: finding a loft ain't going to be no
dialog: sweat.
text: He lights the cig, takes a drag, and hands it to Daniel.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: But man, this country really do not
dialog: like niggers. They do not like
dialog: niggers so bad, man, they will rent
dialog: to a leper first, I swear.
text: Daniel drags on the cigarette, hands it back to Fonny, who
text: drags on it, takes a sip of his beer and hands it back.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Sometimes Tish and I go together,
dialog: sometimes she goes alone, sometimes
dialog: I go alone. But it's always the
dialog: same story, man. And now I can't
dialog: let her go alone no more because,
dialog: dig, last week we thought we had us
dialog: a loft, the cat had promised it to
dialog: her. But he had not seen me. And he
text: figures a black chick by herself,
text: way downtown looking for a loft,
dialog: well, he know he going to make it
text: with her. He thinks she's
dialog: propositioning him, that's what he
dialog: really thinks. And she comes to
dialog: tell me — just so proud and happy —
dialog: and we go on over there. And when
dialog: the cat sees me, he says there's
dialog: been some great misunderstanding,
dialog: he can't rent the loft because he's
dialog: got all these relatives coming in
dialog: from Rumania like in half an hour
dialog: and he got to give it to them.
dialog: Shit. And I told him he was full of
dialog: shit and he threatened to call the
dialog: cops on my ass.
text: Fonny looking away, up at that small window looking up out at
text: the sidewalk from this low vantage:
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I'm really going to have to try to
dialog: figure out some way of getting some
dialog: bread together and getting out of
dialog: this fucking country.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: How you going to do that?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I don't know yet.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tish can't swim.
text: Fonny and Daniel whoop and rock with laughter. After a
dialog: moment:
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (soberly)
dialog: Maybe you could go first.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Nah.
dialog: (and)
dialog: I don't think I want to do that.
dialog: I'd be too scared.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Scared of what?
text: A long, long beat. The cigarette and the record are finished.
dialog: There’s nothing to hide behind.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Just scared.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Scared of what might happen to
dialog: Tish?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Scared of what might happen to both
dialog: of us - without each other. Like
dialog: Tish ain't got no sense at all,
dialog: man, she trusts everybody. She walk
text: down the street, swinging that
dialog: little behind of hers, and she's
dialog: surprised, man, when some cat tries
text: to jump her. She don't see the
dialog: world like everybody see it.
dialog: 54.
text: And silence falls again, Daniel watching Fonny:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I know I might seem to be a weird
dialog: kind of cat. But I got two things
dialog: in my life, man - I got my wood and
dialog: stone and I got Tish. If I lose
dialog: them, I'm lost. I know that. You
dialog: know, whatever's in me I didn't put
dialog: there. And I can't take it out.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I don't know if you so weird. I
dialog: know you lucky. I ain't got nothing
dialog: like that. Can I have another beer,
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Hell yeah you can.
text: Fonny up and over at the icebox, opens two more cans. Hands
text: one to Daniel, Daniel taking a long swallow, goes dark:
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I just come out the slammer, baby.
dialog: Two years. They said — they still
dialog: say — I stole a car. Man, I can't
dialog: even drive a car, and I tried to
dialog: make my lawyer - but he was really
dialog: their lawyer, dig - prove that.
dialog: And, anyway, I wasn't in no car
dialog: when they picked me up. But I had a
text: little grass on me. I was on my
dialog: stoop. And so they come and picked
dialog: me up, you know, it was about
dialog: midnight, and they locked me up and
dialog: then the next morning they put me
dialog: in the lineup and somebody said it
dialog: was me stole the car, that car I
dialog: ain't seen yet. And so, you know,
dialog: since I had that weed on me, they
dialog: had me anyhow and so they said if I
dialog: would plead guilty they'd give me a
dialog: lighter sentence. If I didn't plead
dialog: guilty, they'd throw me the book.
dialog: Well...
dialog: (sips that beer)
dialog: ...I was alone, baby, wasn't
dialog: nobody, and so I entered the guilty
dialog: plea. Two years!
text: Daniel leans forward, gets closer to Fonny.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: But, then, it sounded a whole lot
dialog: better than the marijuana charge.
text: He leans back and laughs and sips his beer, looks at Fonny.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Two God damn years!
speaker_heading: FONNY
text: By the balls.
text: The loudest and longest silence, then:
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: ..-Fonny and Daniel still sitting on the floor, but their
text: countenance shifted, suspended along the path running from
dialog: apathy to defeat.
scene_heading: INT. BANK STREET FLAT - DAY - LATER
text: Tish in the kitchenette there, preparing a meal as Fonny and
text: Daniel continue their talk in the main room.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: How long you been out?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: About three months.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Man, it was bad. Very bad. And it's
dialog: bad now. Maybe I'd feel different
dialog: if I had done something and got
dialog: caught. But I didn't do nothing.
dialog: They were just playing with me,
dialog: man, because they could. And I'm
dialog: lucky it was only two years, you
dialog: dig? Because they can do with you
dialog: whatever they want. Whatever they
dialog: want. And they dogs, man. I really
dialog: found out, in the slammer, what
dialog: Malcolm and them cats was talking
dialog: about. The white man's got to be
dialog: the devil. He sure ain't a man.
dialog: Some of the things I saw... I'll be
dialog: dreaming about until the day I die.
text: Fonny puts one hand on Daniel's neck.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: That's alright, man. You out now,
dialog: it's over, you young.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Man, I know what you're saying. And
dialog: I appreciate it. But you don't
dialog: know, the worst thing, man, the
dialog: worst thing, is that they can make
dialog: you so fucking scared. Just...
dialog: scared, man.
text: Tish in that kitchen, clearly listening to the whole thing,
dialog: right in here with them.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: You cats hungry?
speaker_heading: FONNY (0.S.)
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Yeah, we starvin’. Move it!
scene_heading: INT. BANK STREET FLAT - NIGHT - LATER
text: The three of them caught mid-laugh, gathered around the lone
text: wood table in this space. A few open bottles of beer about.
text: And little Tish has made a feast: ribs and cornbread and
text: rice, gravy and green peas.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: It's nice to see you, Tish. You
dialog: sure ain't gained no weight, have
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: You hush. I'm skinny because I'm
dialog: poor.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Well, I sure don't know why you
dialog: didn't pick yourself a rich
dialog: husband. You ain't never going to
dialog: gain no weight now.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Well, if you skinny, Daniel, you
dialog: can move faster and when you in a
dialog: tight place, you got a better
dialog: chance of getting out of it. You
dialog: see what I mean?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: You sound like you got it figured.
dialog: You learn all that from Fonny?
dialog: (at Fonny)
dialog: Maybe she can't gain no weight, but
dialog: you sure will. You folks mind if I
dialog: drop by more often?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Feel free.
dialog: (winks at Tish)
dialog: Tish ain't very good looking, but
dialog: she can sure get the pots together.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I'm happy to know I have some use.
text: Tish curling her lips at Fonny across the table. He smiles,
text: starts chewing on a rib. They all do, letting the talk
text: subside for a beat as they enjoy this meal, then...
text: .+.-Fonny and Tish locking eyes across the table, absent
text: Daniel, away from Daniel and...
text: “In complete silence, without moving a muscle, we are
text: laughing with each other. We are together somewhere where no
dialog: one can reach us, joined."
scene_heading: ANGLES ON: TISH AND FONNY
text: .--alternating, both of them looking directly at_us as Tish
dialog: continues:
dialog: “We are happy, even, that we have food enough for Daniel, who
text: eats peacefully, not knowing that we are laughing, but
dialog: sensing that something wonderful has happened to us... which
dialog: means that wonderful things happen... and that maybe
dialog: something wonderful will happen... to him.”
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: And OVER BLACK, the sound of footsteps, hollow and
text: reverberating, as though echoing down a long, slender hall.
text: As these footsteps continue to sound...
text: ...a figure taking shape, like shoulders, the silhouette of
dialog: something.
text: The entire image brightening now as, at the end of this
text: hallway, a point of light emanating from the center.
text: Those shoulders approaching the light, as they near it,
text: another sound rising, most similar to a wail; a child's wail.
dialog: 58.
text: The shoulders moving with more purpose now, picking up speed,
text: furiously attempting to reach that light.
text: A wall of noise, the clatter of feet in this hallway, the
text: ever present wail and, that point of light, no matter how
text: fast we move or how loud those footsteps, never growing
text: closer, an infinite, futile scramble as...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SHARON
text: ...standing above us, a wet towel in her hand, the look on
text: her face one of concern.
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME, BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Tish’s eyes closed, heavily asleep.
text: But her body clinched with tension, hand gripping at the
text: sheet, feet kicking atop the covers.
text: A guttural, muted sound rising from Tish’s chest as Sharon
text: sits to the bed beside her, gently lays a hand to Tish’s
text: brow, caresses her head.
text: Slowly, Tish’s eyes opening, drifting into consciousness.
text: Sharon dabs the wet towel at Tish’s temples, looks down at
dialog: her lovingly:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I know I can't help you very much
dialog: right now - God knows what I
dialog: wouldn't give if I could. But I
dialog: know about suffering; if that
dialog: helps. I know that it ends. I ain't
dialog: going to tell you no lies, like it
dialog: always ends for the better.
dialog: Sometimes it ends for the worse.
dialog: You can suffer so bad that you can
dialog: be driven to a place where you
dialog: can't ever suffer again: and that's
dialog: worse.
text: Sharon setting that towel down, taking Tish’s hands and
text: enveloping them in her own.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Try to remember that. And: the only
dialog: way anything ever gets done is when
dialog: you make up your mind to do it. I
dialog: know a lot of our men have died in
dialog: prison: but not all of them. You
dialog: remember that.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: SHARON (CONT'D)
dialog: And you ain't really alone in that
dialog: bed. You got that child beneath
dialog: your heart and we're all counting
dialog: on you, Fonny's counting on you, to
dialog: bring that child here safe and
dialog: well. You the only one who can do
dialog: it. But you're strong. Lean on your
dialog: strength.
dialog: (and)
dialog: You understand?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes, Mama.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Are you all right now? Can you
dialog: sleep?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I don't want to sound foolish. But
dialog: remember, love brought you here. If
dialog: you trusted love this far, don't
dialog: panic now, trust it all the way.
text: Sharon leans down, kisses her daughter on the forehead.
text: Another caress with that towel then she rises, heads for the
text: door. Turns off the light behind her as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: .-.and brighter, Tish waking in bed, having slept through the
dialog: night.
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME, KITCHEN - DAY
text: Tish dressed now, Ernestine already at the dining table
text: thumbing through some paperwork, Sharon at the counter
text: pouring a cup of coffee as Tish enters.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Hey, Jezebel.
text: Tish sticking her tongue out at her sister as she passes,
text: comes up behind Sharon and gives her mother a hug.
dialog: “Sis started calling me Jezebel after I got my job at the
dialog: perfume counter. She said..."
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON: ERNESTINE
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: (with a wicked smile)
dialog: You smell like a Louisiana whore.
scene_heading: INT. 1 TRAIN, DOWNTOWN - DAY - MOVING
text: The first time we’ve seen Tish take the train by herself.
text: Crowded as the car is, she’s incredibly alone. And visibly
dialog: pregnant.
dialog: “The store thought that it was very progressive to give this
dialog: job to a colored girl."
scene_heading: INT. LORD AND TAYLORS - DAY - MOVING
text: Entering hurriedly through the main show-floor with Tish,
text: passing her coworkers — her white coworkers — as she hustles
dialog: to clock in...
scene_heading: INT. LORD AND TAYLORS - DAY - LATER
text: Tish a bit more “made-up,” standing behind the perfume
dialog: counter.
dialog: “I stand behind that counter all day long, smiling till my
dialog: back teeth ache."
text: As we draw closer to Tish, see the strain to keep that
dialog: outward face...
dialog: “And it isn't only old white ladies who come to that counter
dialog: to smell the back of my hand.”
text: QUICK VIGNETTE: Tish and an aforementioned Old White lady,
text: Tish’s smile false as the color of this women’s wig.
dialog: “Very rarely does a black cat come anywhere near this
dialog: counter, and if he does, his intentions are often more
dialog: generous and always more precise."
text: QUICK VIGNETTE: Tish at the counter, one of the
text: aforementioned “Black Cats” approaching the perfume counter
text: but not stopping, moves past it with a cautionary look thrown
dialog: Tish’s way.
dialog: “Perhaps for a black cat, I look like a helpless baby sister.
dialog: And he doesn't want to see me turn into a whore."
text: QUICK VIGNETTE: Tish behind the counter as a different “Black
text: Cat” approaches, comes right up to the counter.
dialog: 61.
text: “And yet some black cats come closer, just to look into my
dialog: eyes, to check out what's happenin’. And they never smell the
dialog: back of my hand.”
text: QUICK IMAGE SERIES: Just as Tish describes it...
text: “A black cat puts out his hand, and you spray it, and he
text: carries the back of his own hand to his own nostrils."
dialog: BACK TO TISH:
text: At the counter as a plain, middle-everything white man
text: approaches.
dialog: “But a white man?”
scene_heading: QUICK IMAGE SERIES:
dialog: Just as Tish describes it...
dialog: “A white man will take your hand, he will carry your flesh to
dialog: his nostrils... and he will hold it there.”
text: Hold on this image, and on Tish looking without feeling, a
text: forced smile to obscure, then...
dialog: “He will hold it there for a lifetime."
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBUS CIRCLE PUB - DAY
text: Tish and Ernestine together in a corner of this dive, Tish
text: still dressed from work. Kind of place where two women
dialog: wanting to be left alone are afforded that wish.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Well don’t you smell nice.
text: Off Tish’s rolled eyes:
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: You want the good news or the bad
dialog: news first?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Bad news.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: See that’s how you know we family.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Bad news is, they found Mrs.
dialog: Rogers, she’s in Santurce, Puerto
dialog: Rico. Somebody’s gonna have to go
text: there to talk to her.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Which we'll have to pay for.
text: A nod yes from Ernestine.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Okay, what’s the good news?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: That... they found her, I guess?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: How she get to Puerto Rico?
text: Ernestine shrugging, a sip of her beer:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I can’t go to Puerto Rico.
text: Another look from Ernestine, more biting: obviously.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: So Hayward?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Hayward's got to deal with Bell and
dialog: the DA. Anyway, you can see that,
dialog: for many, many reasons, Hayward
dialog: can't go. He'd be accused of
text: intimidating a witness.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: But that's what they're doing--
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: It would take us until your baby is
dialog: voting age to prove that.
dialog: Look, mama and Daddy don't know, I
dialog: haven't talked to them yet, wanted
dialog: to talk to you first.
text: Tish nodding at that, taking it all in. She goes cold:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Do you think she really was raped?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Tish... I don't know what's going
dialog: on in that ingrown mind of yours,
dialog: but that question has no bearing on
dialog: anything. As far as our situation
text: is concerned baby, she was raped.
dialog: That's it.
text: Ernestine takes a sip of her drink.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: I think, in fact, that she was
dialog: raped and that she has absolutely
dialog: no idea who did it, would probably
dialog: not even recognize him if he passed
dialog: her on the street. I may sound
dialog: crazy, but the mind works that way.
dialog: She'd recognize him if he raped her
dialog: again. But then it would no longer
dialog: be rape, if you see what I mean?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I see what you mean. But why Fonny?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Because he was presented to her as
dialog: the rapist and it was much easier
dialog: to say yes than to try and relive
dialog: the whole damn thing again. This
text: way, it's over for her. Except for
dialog: the trial. But then... it's really
dialog: over, for her.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: And for us, too?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: No. Not even.
dialog: It won't be over for us.
dialog: 63.
text: Tish taking a beat before this next part, fixes Ernestine in
dialog: her sights:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: What about Puerto Rico?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: That's one of the reasons I wanted
dialog: to talk to you. Before we talk to
dialog: Mama and Daddy. Look. You can't go,
dialog: no way you can. For one thing,
dialog: without you, Fonny will panic. I
dialog: don't see how I can go, I've got to
dialog: keep lighting firecrackers under
dialog: Hayward's ass. Daddy can't go, and
dialog: God knows Frank can't go. That
dialog: leaves Mama.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Mama?
dialog: A nod from Ernestine:
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: She don't want to go to Puerto
dialog: Rico.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: And she hates planes. But she wants
dialog: your baby's father out of jail.
dialog: She'll go.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: And what do you think she can do?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: She can do something no special
dialog: investigator can do: she may be
dialog: able to break through to Mrs.
dialog: Rogers. Maybe not, but if she can,
dialog: we're ahead. And if not, well, we
dialog: haven't lost anything, and at least
dialog: we'll know we've tried.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: And what about Daniel? Daniel can
dialog: vouch for us, Daniel knows Fonny
dialog: was with him.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: I told you. Hayward is seeing him
dialog: tomorrow. He may have been able to
dialog: see him today.
text: Tish nodding it all in, confirming it all in her head.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Some shit.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: But we in it now.
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBUS CIRCLE PUB - DAY
text: Tish and Ernestine on the corner here, Ernestine throwing an
text: arm around Tish, the kid sister leaning into her.
text: They begin down the sidewalk this way, supporting one
text: another. As they reach the corner, the sisters turn but...
text: ...we continue across the intersection, moving along the
text: crosswalk over lanes of traffic.
text: Across this intersection, another pub there, as much a dive
text: as the one we’ve just left. As we near it, its open doors
dialog: invite us into...
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. 8TH AVE BERNIE’S - DAY - MOVING - CONTINUOUS
text: Drifting through this place, lot of regulars at the bar
text: nursing sad drinks.
text: As we take it all in, a pair of familiar faces appearing
text: there in the back: Joe and Frank, each nursing what appear to
dialog: be rocked up whiskey.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What we going to do?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Well, the first thing we got to do
dialog: is to stop blaming ourselves. If we
dialog: can't do that, man, we'll never get
dialog: the boy out because we'll be so
dialog: fucked up. And we cannot fuck up
dialog: now, baby, and I know you hear
dialog: where I'm coming from.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I hear that but man, what we going
dialog: to do about the money?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You ever have any money?
text: Frank looks up at him and says nothing, merely questions him
text: with his eyes.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You ever have any money?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Then why you worried about it now?
text: Frank looks up at him again.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You raised them somehow. You fed
dialog: them somehow, didn't you? If we
dialog: start to worrying about money now,
dialog: man, we going to be fucked and we
dialog: going to lose our children. That
dialog: white man, baby, he want you to be
dialog: worried about the money. That's his
dialog: whole game. But if we got to where
dialog: we are without money, we can get
dialog: further.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: I ain't worried about they money --
dialog: they ain't got no right to it
dialog: anyhow, they stole it from us --
dialog: they ain't never met nobody they
dialog: didn't lie to and steal from. Well,
dialog: I can steal, too. And rob. How you
dialog: think I raised my daughters? Shit.
text: But Frank is not Joseph. He stares down again, into his
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What you think is going to happen?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: What we make happen!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That’s easy to say.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Not if you mean it.
text: There is a long silence into which neither man speaks. Even
text: the jukebox is silent.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I guess... I love Fonny more than I
dialog: love anybody in this world. And it
dialog: makes me ashamed, man, I swear,
dialog: because he was a real manly little
dialog: boy, wasn't scared of nothing,
dialog: except maybe his Mama. He didn't
dialog: understand his Mama. And I don't
dialog: know what I should’ve done. I ain't
dialog: a woman. And there's some things
dialog: only a woman can do with a child.
text: Frank sips his drink, tries to smile.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't know if I was ever any kind
dialog: of father to him — any kind of real
text: father — and now he's in jail and
dialog: it ain't his fault and I don't even
dialog: know how I'm going to get him out.
dialog: I'm sure one hell of a man.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Well, he sure think you are. He
dialog: loves you, and he respects you; now
dialog: you got to remember that I might
dialog: know that better than you.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell you something else: your son
dialog: is the father of my daughter's
dialog: baby. Now, how you going to sit
dialog: here and act like can't nothing be
dialog: done? We got a child on the way
dialog: here, man. You want me to beat the
dialog: shit out of you?
text: He says this with ferocity but, after a moment, smiles.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Now I know some hustles and you
dialog: know some hustles and these are our
dialog: children and we got to set them
dialog: free. So, let's drink up man and go
dialog: on in. We got a whole lot of shit
text: to deal with in a hurry.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: “The date for Fonny's trial keeps changing. This fact, of
dialog: course, forces me to realize that Hayward's concern is
dialog: genuine."
scene_heading: INT. HAYWARD’S OFFICE - DAY - MONTAGE 3
text: Hayward standing behind his desk, looking down on stacks upon
text: stacks of paperwork.
dialog: “I don't think that he very much cared in the beginning. He'd
dialog: never taken a case like Fonny's before, but once into it, the
text: odor of shit rose too high; he had no choice but to keep
dialog: stirring it."
scene_heading: INT. BAR AT THE RITZ CARLTON - DAY - MONTAGE 3
text: Hayward caressing a snifter of cognac surrounded by other
text: lawyer types, a good old boy feel to it... with Hayward
text: appearing out of place.
dialog: “It became obvious at once, for example, that the degree of
dialog: his concern for his client placed him at odds with the
dialog: keepers of the keys and seals."
scene_heading: ANGLE ON: HAYWARD
dialog: “He had not expected this and at first it bewildered... then
dialog: frightened and angered him."
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME - NIGHT - MONTAGE 3
text: The family engaged in what appears to be a spirited
text: discussion, inaudible the whole of it, all Tish:
dialog: 68.
dialog: “It didn't help that I distrusted him, Ernestine harangued
dialog: him, Mama was laconic and, for Joseph, he was just another
dialog: white boy with a college degree."
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - DAY - MOVING - MONTAGE 3
text: Tish looking substantially more pregnant than we’ve seen her
dialog: previously.
dialog: “And so... mama begins letting out my clothes and I go to
dialog: work wearing jackets and slacks."
scene_heading: INT. UPPER WEST SIDE APARTMENT - DAY - MONTAGE 3
text: Ernestine sitting before a well appointed desk in the foyer
dialog: of the most monied domicile we’1ll see all film, a young,
text: pretty white woman pacing before her.
text: “Ernestine has taken a second job as part-time secretary to a
text: rich and eccentric actress whose connections she intends to
dialog: intimidate and use."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: SPLIT SCREEN: the docks on one side, the garment district on
dialog: the other.
text: “And Joseph and Frank are coldly, systemically stealing from
text: the docks and the garment center, selling the hot goods in
dialog: Harlem or in Brooklyn."
scene_heading: EXT. HARLEM SIDE STREET - DAY - MONTAGE 3
text: Frank and Joe standing at the rear doors of a van we've not
text: seen before, the two of them in conversation with other men
text: as they gesture into the bed of the van.
dialog: “They don't tell me any of this, of course. But I know it.
dialog: I know it.”
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: And OVER BLACK, a new SOUND rising, like the city through a
text: window, distant and present at once.
dialog: “I remember the night the baby was conceived.
dialog: It was the day we found our loft.”
scene_heading: INT. CANAL STREET LOFT - DAY
text: Fonny and Tish with a third man we’ve not seen before (LEVY,
text: tall, lanky, white).
dialog: 69.
dialog: “It was off Canal Street and it was big and in good
dialog: condition.”
text: QUICK IMAGE: Levy showing Tish and Fonny the loft.
dialog: “There was a room for Fonny to work and, with all the windows
dialog: open, you wouldn't die of heat stroke in the summer."
text: QUICK IMAGE: Tish and Fonny with Levy gazing out over the
text: city from the industrial roof of the place.
dialog: “Levy only wanted one month's rent for deposit. When he told
dialog: us, I thought Fonny would have a heart attack.”
scene_heading: EXT. CANAL STREET - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: The three of them spilling onto the sidewalk. Tish
text: instinctively taking Fonny’s hand as Levy sizes them up.
speaker_heading: LEVY
dialog: Don't worry about the neighbors.
dialog: After five or six o'clock, you
dialog: won't have any. All you got down
dialog: here is sweatshops; place on the
text: ground floor is legit.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Any questions?
text: Levy looking from Tish to Fonny, expectant. The two of them
text: dumbfounded, no telling how many places they’ve seen at this
text: point, none of them yielding this result.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: What’s the catch?
speaker_heading: LEVY
dialog: How you mean?
text: Fonny pausing a moment, debating, then...
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: No offense Levy, but we been
dialog: lookin’ a long time. Don’t seem to
dialog: me like it’s a reason for you to
dialog: treat two Negros so nice like,
dialog: clearly we ain’t got a pot nor much
dialog: of a drink to make piss with;
dialog: pardon my French.
text: Levy looking away from Fonny here, briefly at Tish and then,
text: for just a moment, at their hands joined there.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: LEVY
dialog: You got two weeks to make the
dialog: deposit. After that, no promises.
text: Fonny pulling Tish into his side, the two of them lovely
text: together. And from the look on Levy’s face, fatherly, this
dialog: loveliness exactly why the place will be their's.
speaker_heading: LEVY
dialog: Keep in touch about getting that
dialog: deposit together, you hear?
text: A nod from Fonny, earnest.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Will do, Levy.
dialog: Will do.
scene_heading: EXT. BLEECKER STREET - DAY - MOVING
text: Walking with Tish and Fonny, this path from Soho to the
dialog: Village.
text: Twilight out, the sun falling, that energy in the street when
text: the day is ending; and peacefully. It would be a Friday, the
text: feel of the eminent weekend and all that it promises.
text: A quiet, lazy pace these two, Tish leaned into Fonny as she’s
dialog: wont to do. No place in particular to hurry to; what else
dialog: could possibly matter?
text: A beat of this walking then... Fonny stops; no reason, just
text: stops walking mid-stride. Looks to the ground, and then to
dialog: the sky.
text: Throws his head back and shouts, yells to the heavens.
text: He’s still holding Tish’s hand. And from the smile on his
text: face, this is a joyous shout.
text: Tish looking into his face, the smile now spreading to her.
text: Not a word spoken between them. Without thinking, Tish throws
text: her head back as well, shouts the same as Fonny.
text: Those smiles wider between them as they pick up their walk
text: again, looking from one to the other. Tish catching Fonny’s
dialog: eye.
text: Throws her head back once more and, again, yells to the sky.
text: Fonny stops, takes Tish by the hand, pulls her into him, a
text: hand to her chin, speaks softly:
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You ready for this?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Ain’t nothin’ else in the world I'm
dialog: more ready for.
text: Fonny smiling, big, bright, a child’s face. He is as happy as
dialog: any man could be.
text: They're walking again, approaching a corner up ahead, an
text: intersection with a small grocer on the corner.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I’m gonna grab some tomatoes for
dialog: dinner.
text: A delay from Fonny, just watching her. Leans over to kiss her
dialog: on the forehead:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I’m’a grab me some smokes across
dialog: the street.
text: Fonny splitting off, moving into the crosswalk, a small cigar
text: shop just across the way.
dialog: We stay here with Tish, continuing on this little ways,
dialog: another ten feet and we're...
scene_heading: EXT. VEGETABLE STAND - DAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Tish standing near the entrance of this place, a selection of
text: produce set just onto the sidewalk.
text: She's at the tomato stand, rummaging through it when we hear:
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I can sure dig a tomato who digs
dialog: tomatoes.
text: Tish turning to that voice, finds herself face to face with a
text: small, greasy ITALIAN PUNK.
text: His hand on Tish, caressing her behind. He licks his lips,
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN PUNK
dialog: Hey, sweet tomato. You know I dig
dialog: tomatoes.
dialog: 72.
text: And now people are watching. Tish searching them, looking for
text: help but people only stare, no one moves.
text: Tish goes to move past him, leaves the tomatoes there but the
text: boy grabs her arm. Instinctively, she slaps him — BAP! —
text: spits in his face.
text: And at this moment, Fonny enters the store, grabs the boy by
text: the hair, knocks him to the ground and kicks him something
text: fierce. Takes him by the lapel and drags him out onto the
text: sidewalk, tosses him in the gutter.
text: Tish screaming and, at first, we’re not sure why, Tish
text: grabbing a hold of Fonny and, oddly, turning her back to
text: Fonny’s chest, reaches behind her and pulls him close to her,
text: his chin at the crown of her head.
text: And then we see him: a uniformed officer hurrying across the
text: intersection, eyes flaring, billy-club at the ready.
text: As he nears, we recognize him: this is the aforementioned,
text: blue-eyed officer from Tish’s remembrances, OFFICER BELL.
text: Tish holding the back of her head against Fonny's chest, both
text: his wrists clutched in her two hands.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (to Bell, frantic)
dialog: That man there attacked me. Right
dialog: in this store. Right now. Every-
text: body saw it.
text: No one says a word.
text: Bell looking at them all, still staring but nobody speaking.
text: Then he looks back at Tish. And Fonny. There is no pity in
text: Bell’s face.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: (at Fonny)
dialog: And where were you, while all
dialog: this...
text: Bell’s eyes drifting over Tish in exactly the same way the
dialog: boy's had...
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: .»-while all this was going on
dialog: between junior there and your girl?
speaker_heading: TISH
text: He was around the corner, buying
dialog: cigarettes.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: Is that so, boy?
text: Tish’s body jerking as Fonny’s hands clench in her grasp:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: He's not a boy, Officer.
text: Bell taking another look at Tish and Fonny as someone in the
text: crowd gets the Italian Punk to his feet.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: You live around here?
text: The back of Tish’s head is still on Fonny's chest, but he’s
text: released his wrists from her hands.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Yes, on Bank Street.
dialog: 1906 Bank Street.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: We're going to take you down, boy,
dialog: for assault and battery.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Oh no you're not.
text: Tish, Fonny, Bell, everyone’s eyes going to the shop now, a
text: small, elderly ITALIAN LADY standing there with one hand on
text: her hip, the other pointing sharply at Bell:
speaker_heading: ITALIAN LADY
dialog: I know both these young people.
dialog: They shop here very often. What the
dialog: young lady has told you is the
dialog: truth. I saw them both when they
dialog: came, and I watched her choose her
text: tomatoes and her young man left her
dialog: and he said he would be right back.
dialog: I was busy, I could not get to her
text: right away; her tomatoes are still
dialog: on the scale. And that little good-
dialog: for-nothing over there attacked
dialog: her. What would you do if a man
dialog: attacked your wife? If you have
dialog: one.
text: The crowd snickers. Bell flushes.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN LADY
dialog: I saw exactly what happened. I ama
dialog: witness. And I will swear to it.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: Funny way to run a business.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN LADY
dialog: You will not tell me how to run my
dialog: business. I was on this street
dialog: before you got here and I will be
dialog: here long after you are gone.
text: The Italian lady reenters the store and takes Tish’s tomatoes
text: off the scale and puts them in a bag.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: (to Fonny)
dialog: Well...
dialog: .--be seeing you around.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You may...
dialog: ..-and then again, you may not.
text: A beat of these two holding eyes as the crowd disperses.
text: There’s a dark, heavy promise in these eyes. It runs both
dialog: ways.
scene_heading: EXT. BLEECKER STREET - NIGHT - MOVING
text: Tish and Fonny heading back the way they came.
text: Fonny holds the bag of tomatoes in the crook of one arm; the
text: other arm he entwines through Tish’s. They walk slowly.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Tish...
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Don't ever try to protect me again.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: But you were trying to protect me.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: (heavy; quiet)
dialog: It's not...
dialog: ...the same...
dialog: .--thing.
text: Fonny takes the bag of tomatoes... and smashes them against
text: the nearest wall. They make a beautiful, chiaroscuro mess of
text: streaking red. But, mercifully, they hardly make a sound.
dialog: 75.
text: The two of them standing apart now, Fonny with his hands in
text: his pockets, looking down at his feet, disgusted.
text: Tish with a hand covering her mouth, the other wrapped about
text: herself. Fonny closing the space, takes her hand in his:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Don't think I don't know you love
dialog: me. You believe we going to make
dialog: it?
text: Tish embracing him, a hand to his cheek, a very full kiss.
text: She draws back, starts to say something, but... he puts a
text: finger to her lips. Smiles his little smile.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Hush. Don't say a word. I'm going
dialog: to take you out to dinner. At our
dialog: Spanish place, you remember?
text: Tish nodding yes, holds his gaze. A beat of this, then...
scene_heading: INT. SPANISH RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Fonny and Tish escorted to their table in Pedrocito’s
text: restaurant, holding hands as they follow him.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: We have no money, but we are very
dialog: hungry. And I will have some money
dialog: in a couple of days.
speaker_heading: PEDROCITO
dialog: In a couple of days, that is what
dialog: they all say! And, furthermore, I
dialog: suppose that you would like to eat
dialog: sitting down!
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Why, yes, if you could arrange it,
dialog: that would be nice.
speaker_heading: PEDROCITO
dialog: (over shoulder)
dialog: And now, no doubt, you would like
dialog: two margheritas?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: (as he sits)
dialog: Caught me again.
dialog: 76.
text: A wink and a laugh from Pedrocito as he disappears into the
text: rear of this place. Fonny takes Tish’s hand atop the table
dialog: there.
text: All eyes; holding eyes, speaking with eyes, loving with eyes.
text: And from this look, a plea, a promise, a thirst within...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK STREET FLAT - NIGHT
text: Fonny and Tish on the palette, making love.
dialog: No need for any details beyond this: making love, making it
text: all the way to and through the point of release, Tish holding
text: on to Fonny, keeping him here, keeping him in.
text: Both their breaths subsiding after the act, Fonny’s mouth
text: close at Tish’s ear, all whispers and...
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Tish.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Oh Tish.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: “We are beginning to have a somewhat acrid dialogue, this
dialog: thing and I."
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME, KITCHEN - DAY
text: Tish standing at the stove, preparing a simple meal, by the
text: looks of her belly, very pregnant, a sign of the present.
scene_heading: QUICK IMAGE SERIES:
dialog: Just as Tish describes it...
text: “It kicks, and I smash an egg on the floor."
text: ANGLE ON: egg hitting the kitchen floor.
text: “It kicks, and suddenly the coffeepot is upside down on the
dialog: table.”
text: ANGLE ON: coffee spilling across the dining table, Ernestine
text: jumping to avoid the burn as Tish doubles over.
text: “It kicks, and the perfume on the back of my hand brings salt
text: to the roof of my mouth and my free hand weighs on the glass
text: counter with force enough to crack it in two."
dialog: 77.
text: ANGLE ON: Tish at the perfume counter, doubled over in pain
text: as a coworker rushes over.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Goddammit!
dialog: (and sotto)
dialog: Be patient. I'm doing the best I
dialog: can. Please.
text: Tish gripping that perfume counter again, a guttural grunt.
text: “And then it hauls off again, like Muhammad Ali, and I'm on
dialog: the ropes."
scene_heading: INT. TISH’S HOME - NIGHT
text: Empty, at least visually so, just the furniture and a muted
text: light from the kitchen hitting the floor.
text: That hallway running towards the bedrooms directly before us,
text: empty like the rest of this place. And yet, a sound echoing
text: off the floors and walls here.
text: Distinct: it’s the sound of vomiting.
text: A beat more of this sound and then a toilet flushing, running
text: water. A moment later...
text: ...Tish appears, clutching her stomach and forehead at once,
text: approaching down that hall, holding onto the wall as she
text: goes, moves past us and turns for the dining table.
text: Sits and, within moments, Joseph appearing from just inside
text: the kitchen, had no idea he was there, sets down a warm mug
text: of something, a wedge of lemon and bottle of honey beside.
text: He takes a seat opposite her, watches as she squeezes the
text: lemon into the water, hangs her head over that cup a beat.
text: His eyes, all sympathy: he’d carry it himself if he could.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK CITY CORRECTIONAL FACILITY - DAY
text: Fonny alone at the glass this time, phone at the ready,
text: looking on as Tish waddles across the room.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Here she come! Big as two houses!
text: Tish smiling as she sits to a stool, one of the few instances
dialog: she won't mind folks calling out her weight.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You sure it ain’t twins? Or
dialog: triplets?
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: FONNY (CONT'D)
dialog: (shit eating grin)
dialog: Shit, we might make history.
text: Fonny throwing back his head at his own joke, laughing loud
text: enough the sound travels through that glass.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (at her belly)
dialog: Your daddy figure hisself a
dialog: comedian.
text: Fonny calming, smiles at his love.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You look good baby.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Thank you, honey.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Better than anybody over here,
dialog: don’t care how big you get.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Well as soon as that ain’t the
dialog: truth somethin’ wrong, you tell me
dialog: ‘cause I’m outta here then.
text: Tish settles on her stool there, head lolling slightly to the
text: side. She’s relaxed now. And in that relaxed state, takes him
dialog: in, sees him better:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: How you doin’, husband?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I'm good, wife.
dialog: (and)
dialog: You here now. I’m all good now.
dialog: You know I love you.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: You know I love you.
text: A nod from Fonny.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: No matter what happen with all of
dialog: this sh--
text: Tish’s hand going to the glass, palm flat, the stool scooting
text: back as she leans forward, all her weight going there.
dialog: 79.
text: Fonny shocked, his hand going to the glass as he shoots
text: upright, helpless.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I'm alright.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Tish.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I’m okay.
text: She looks up, manages a smile, a smile streaked through with
text: pain and clipped breaths.
text: Fonny’s hand still on the glass, was aligned perfectly with
text: Tish’s. Hers removed now, always a lady: smoothing her hair,
text: looks to the guard who’s appeared over her left shoulder.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (at guard)
dialog: I’m okay.
dialog: (and at Fonny)
dialog: I’m fine.
text: Fonny settling, something about this moment revelatory for
dialog: him, the physical evidence of things he’d only assumed
dialog: before. If that.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Me? I’m not the one just got
text: punched by a midget inside they
dialog: belly.
text: Tish and Fonny holding eyes a beat.
text: A second beat.
text: A third beat, and, finally... Tish cracking, a smile at the
text: corner of her lips and then, a laugh, a hand to her belly to
text: support the shaking and now, an all-out gutbuster of a laugh.
text: Fonny doing the same on the other side of that glass, the two
text: of them laughing so hard together the others around them, on
text: both sides of the glass, noticing.
text: The couple holding eyes as the laugh subsides, even as it
text: fades the presence of it steady, all there in the lines at
text: the corner of their mouths, same smiles they’ve exchanged
dialog: since bathing together as kids.
dialog: 80.
dialog: Hold here a beat, a noticeable beat. If they never have
dialog: another moment, they'll have had this. And like every moment,
dialog: it’ll have all been worth it.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: “Mama gets to Puerto Rico on an evening plane."
scene_heading: EXT. SAN JUAN INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: A majestic, period-appropriate Pan-Am jet freshly parked off
text: the runway, unloading directly to the tarmac.
text: Dozens of travelers in some form of deplaning, descending
text: down portable stairs.
text: Just a beat of this to recognize Sharon de-boarding amongst
dialog: the others.
scene_heading: INT. SAN JUAN INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: From the first frame: loud, a cacophony of voices pushing an
dialog: aggressive brand of Spanish in here. Families and their many
text: possessions throughout this space, few people talking,
text: everyone shouting.
text: With her overly done-up clothes and hair, Sharon sticking
text: out, the darkest, most American figure in view. We find her
text: at the front of a line, engaged with an AIRPORT STAFFER.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Do you speak English?
text: A smile from the staffer, friendly, but no answer.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I’m sorry but I don’t speak any
dialog: Spanish and I’ve had to come here
dialog: unexpectedly. And I don’t drive,
dialog: you see?
text: More silence from Victoria and, it must be noted: for a black
dialog: woman raised in the Jim Crow South, this one of the few
text: moments in Sharon’s life she can be said to emit privilege.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: You see?
speaker_heading: AIRPORT STAFFER
text: One moment Sefiora.
text: Sharon waiting, watching as the girl rounds this Hertz desk,
text: moves off into the throng.
dialog: 81.
text: Watching her as Sharon does, we get a good look at the
text: terminal: many peoples of various shades — and all atop one
text: another, hard to breathe — with all the possessions they
dialog: could carry here staged without the promise of leaving or
dialog: going, just... here.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Sefiora...
text: Sharon turning, finds the airport staffer approaching, a shy,
text: humble boy of about eighteen following close.
speaker_heading: AIRPORT STAFFER
dialog: This is Jaime, your driver, he will
dialog: take you to your hotel, tell him.
text: Sharon digging into her small clutch, retrieves a small piece
text: of paper and hands it to the boy. He meets her eyes.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: It will be my pleasure, Sefiora.
scene_heading: INT. JAIME’S CAB - NIGHT - MOVING
text: Sharon in the backseat, staring out at this alien landscape,
text: the sound of the paved but worn road beneath them.
text: She and Jaime eyeing each other in the rearview, each of them
text: on the sly. Nervous, curious.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: It is okay, Sefiora. You are safe
dialog: with me.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL DEL RICO, SUITE - NIGHT
text: Sharon’s suitcase atop the bed, its contents spilled over.
text: Takes a moment to take it all in. Reaches down and grabs one
text: item: a stylish, Cotton Club-esque hat.
text: Turns to the mirror behind her, sizes herself up, puts on the
text: hat. Indifferent. Sharon takes the hat off, comes back to her
text: reflection again. She’s thinking, considering.
text: She puts the hat on again.
dialog: Beat.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL DEL RICO, ELEVATOR - NIGHT - DESCENDING
text: Just a beat here with Sharon and the mirrored elevator door.
dialog: 82.
text: She's staring into her own eyes. She is not wearing that hat.
scene_heading: INT. JAIME’S CAB - NIGHT - MOVING
text: More sound, more jostling at these worn roads. Sharon
dialog: looks... ridiculous, like the American tourist she is ina
text: club dress and black shawl wrapped about her head.
text: More eyes in that rearview, from Jaime that same curiosity.
text: When Sharon meets his gaze this time, neither looks away.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Thank you for waiting.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: Of course, Sefiora. I will take you
dialog: wherever you wish and wait for as
dialog: long as you like.
text: Sharon holding this boy’s eyes in the rearview, dumbstruck.
text: The air thick with something, chaste, a connection.
text: Out the window, every now and then what’s best described as a
text: shanty-town arising in the distance. A small flame, a single
text: light. The sound of the car’s movement wed to these images,
dialog: then...
scene_heading: INT. LA PIAZZA RESORT, LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Sharon standing in the foyer of a San Juan Resort Hotel, the
text: lobby behind her, entrance of the subterranean nightclub
text: before her.
text: The entry to the club runs clear through to a dance-floor, at
text: the lip of the dancefloor a raised band-stand.
scene_heading: INT. DISCOTECA LA PIAZZA - NIGHT
text: Sharon sitting alone in a nightclub booth, the music louder
text: now, much more ridiculous, a Puerto Rican cover of something
text: wild and propulsive.
text: Sharon taking in the scene. It’s early, not many people in
text: this place, the other booths mostly empty. A man approaching
text: now, a clear cocktail held aloft.
speaker_heading: SERVER
dialog: Your drink Sefiorita.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Thank you.
text: And as the man turns to move away:
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: SERVER
dialog: Yes, Sefiorita?
text: The man stepping closer.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Well... I’m supposed to meet a
dialog: friend here, but the flight I meant
dialog: to take was overbooked, so I was
dialog: forced to take an earlier one, I’m
text: not sure he’s here yet.
speaker_heading: SERVER
dialog: Who is your friend?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: It’s actually more the nature of
dialog: business. I’m waiting for Sefior
dialog: Alvarez; Pietro Alvarez. I’m Mrs.
dialog: Rivers. From New York.
text: A reaction from the server. Clearly something Sharon said
text: struck a chord.
speaker_heading: SERVER
dialog: Yes, Seflorita. I will tell Sefior
dialog: Alvarez.
text: The man leaves. Sharon takes up her screwdriver, downs the
dialog: balance of one half it.
dialog: Beat.
text: Sharon waits. In this waiting, a realization: this is the
text: first time Sharon’s been alone in a very long time. By
text: herself at this booth, an older woman, a black, American
dialog: woman, so alien to this place.
text: Sharon reaching into her clutch, retrieves a tasteful compact-
text: looking contraption, it’s contents a surprise: a row of
text: immaculate Virginia Slims.
text: As she brings the first cig to her lips, lights it:
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: You Mrs. Rivers?
dialog: (and)
dialog: You waiting for me?
dialog: 84.
text: Sharon looking up from that cig, a slender, Latino man with a
text: strained mustache standing before her. This is PIETRO,
text: Victoria's boyfriend.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Pietro? Pietro Alvarez?
speaker_heading: PIETRO
dialog: Maybe. What you want to see him
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I don’t especially want to see Mr.
dialog: Alvarez. I want to see Victoria
dialog: Rogers. I’m the mother-in-law of
text: the man she’s accused of rape.
text: Pietro shifting at that, Sharon the last person he assumed
text: would walk into his club tonight. He takes a seat.
speaker_heading: PIETRO
dialog: Well lady, you got one hell of a
dialog: son-in-law, let me tell you that.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I also have one hell of a daughter,
dialog: let me tell you that.
speaker_heading: PIETRO
dialog: Look, she’s been through enough;
dialog: More than enough. Leave her alone.
speaker_heading: SHARON
text: A man is about to die for something
dialog: he didn’t do, can we leave him
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Another drink, Sefor Alvarez?
text: Both Sharon and Pietro looking up at that, the server
dialog: returned.
speaker_heading: PIETRO
dialog: It’s on me, give the lady what she
dialog: wants. And give me the usual.
text: On the bandstand, the Puerto Rican rockers launch into Esta
text: Bien Mi Nena. The server moves away.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Do you believe I love my daughter?
speaker_heading: PIETRO
dialog: Frankly lady, it’s hard to believe
dialog: you got a daughter.
dialog: 85.
text: That said as a come-on. To her shock, Sharon is empathizing
dialog: with Victoria.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Do you think I would marry my
dialog: daughter to a rapist?
speaker_heading: PIETRO
dialog: You might not know.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Son, listen: I know that she was
dialog: raped, and I know... I know what
dialog: women know. But I also know that
dialog: Alonzo did not rape her.
speaker_heading: PIETRO
dialog: Why you comin’ to me? Shit, I ain’t
dialog: nothin’: Indian, wop, spic, spade,
dialog: that’s me baby. I got my little
dialog: thing here and I got Victoria and
dialog: lady, I don’t want to put her
dialog: through no more shit, I’m sorry.
text: Pietro pushing back from the table:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: No, please.
text: Sharon grabbing a hold of Pietro’s hand.
text: With her free hand, Sharon reaching into her clutch, digging
text: frantically. Retrieves a photo from there, a photo of Fonny
text: and Tish, thrusts it toward Pietro.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Look at them.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Look at them.
text: The music louder, more propulsive now, those kids on the
text: bandstand letting into that song.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Take this photo home; take it to
dialog: Victoria. Take it and you ask her,
dialog: you show it to her and you ask her,
dialog: ask her to study it. Hold her in
dialog: your arms; do that.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: SHARON (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m a woman, I know what women
dialog: know, I know that she was raped.
dialog: But I also know, I know that Alonzo
dialog: did not rape her; I know it.
dialog: Beat.
text: Not a long beat though — a quick one — just enough for Pietro
text: to glance at that photo, then at Sharon’s desperate face.
text: Closes his eyes, and...
text: ...-releases his hand from Sharon’s, leaves that photo with
text: her as he disappears across the dance-floor.
text: Off Sharon watching him go, defeated, broken and embarrassed
dialog: all at once...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RESORT LAPIAZZA - NIGHT
text: Jaime waiting, pops to attention as...
text: ..».-Sharon approaches, blows right past him, shocks him as she
text: marches on. Jaime frozen to the spot, watches as Sharon
text: reaches the gravel lot, plumes of light dust behind her,
text: reaches the cab and lets herself into the back seat.
text: Jaime watching his cab for a beat, unsure what to do. Slowly,
text: tentatively, he begins towards the cab. Reaches the
text: passengers side door and... stops.
scene_heading: INT. JAIME’S CAB - NIGHT - SAME
text: Sharon in the backseat here. Slouched down, cradled into
text: herself, sobbing.
text: Jaime outside the window, allowing her this moment.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL DEL RICO, SUITE - DAY
text: Bright, bright daylight, peaceful and quiet. Sharon gazing
text: out of her hotel window at Puerto Rican sun.
text: Below her, in the parking lot, that familiar cab and Jaime.
text: “When Mama wakes in the morning, Jaime is there waiting for
text: her. She has become his responsibility because, as the man
dialog: said about Mt. Everest: ‘You're there.'"
scene_heading: INT. JAIME’S CAB - DAY - MOVING
text: The sound of rough gravel beneath tires, Sharon looking out
text: the window of Jaime’s cab at the passing slum.
dialog: 87.
text: Desolate out there, the San Juan found between resort towers,
text: a cross between rural, hood and everything in between.
dialog: A beat of travel, then:
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: I think it might be here. You say
dialog: she is blond, yes?
text: Sharon nodding, focusing on the slum appearing up ahead, a
dialog: sight to see even for a woman who’s seen her share of hard
dialog: places.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRIO — DAY
text: Jaime standing beside his cab, looking on as Sharon
text: approaches what can only be described as poor, wretched,
dialog: squalor.
text: From the look on his face, he does not want to allow her to
text: make this walk alone and yet, Sharon continues on.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRIO APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: Sharon reaching the third level of this makeshift walk-up,
text: rounds a banister and finds herself in a dim corridor,
text: apartment doors on either side running back toward the
dialog: sunlight.
text: She begins down the hall, the doors of all these places ajar
text: to various degrees, Sharon peeking into each cautiously.
text: At the end of the hall, Sharon easing toward a cracked door.
text: With care, she places her foot within the threshold, nudges
text: the door wide as the space of her shoulders.
text: SHARON'S VIEW: within the room, a thin, blonde-haired girl
text: going about cleaning. Sharon is staring. The girl is
dialog: pregnant.
text: VICTORIA turns, feels Sharon watching. A brief beat of them
text: facing one another, ten, twelve feet between them. From her
text: indifferent look, Victoria has no idea who Sharon is.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Mrs. Rogers?
text: Victoria's eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: No, Sefiora. You are mistaken. I am
dialog: Sanchez.
dialog: 88.
text: They watch each other. Sharon is still leaning in the entry.
text: Victoria makes a movement toward the door, as though to close
text: it, but stops. She touches the crucifix at her throat.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Excuse me, Senora, but I have work
dialog: to do, if you please? I don't know
dialog: any Mrs. Rogers. Maybe in one of
dialog: the other places around here?
text: She looks at Sharon with bitterness. Sharon straightens and,
text: for the first time, they are looking each other in the eye.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I have a photograph of you.
text: Sharon takes out the photograph of Victoria and holds it up.
text: Victoria walks toward the door. As she advances, Sharon moves
text: from the threshold, meets her in the room.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Sefiora, I have my work to do. What
dialog: do you want with me? I do not know
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I know you don't know me. Maybe you
dialog: never even heard of me.
text: Victoria shifting, something resigned in her stance. A deep
text: sigh, a dig into her pocket, reveals a pack of cigarettes:
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Do you smoke, Sefora?
text: She extends the pack toward Sharon.
text: There is a plea in Victoria's eyes and Sharon, with a shaking
text: hand, takes the cigarette and Victoria lights it for her. She
text: puts the pack back into the pocket of her housecoat.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I know you don't know me. But you
dialog: must have heard of me.
text: Victoria looks briefly at the photograph of herself in
text: Sharon's hand; looks at Sharon.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Look. I ain't got nothing against
dialog: nobody. But I got to ask you to get
dialog: out of here.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I'm here to try to get a man out of
dialog: prison. That man is going to marry
dialog: my daughter. And he did not rape
dialog: you.
text: Sharon takes out the photograph of Tish and Fonny.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Look at this.
text: Victoria turns away, sits on the unmade bed.
text: Sharon approaches her.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Look at it, please. This is my
text: daughter. The man with her is
dialog: Alonzo Hunt. Is this the man who
dialog: raped you?
text: Victoria will not look at the photograph, or at Sharon.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Is this the man who raped you?
text: Victoria looks down at the photograph, briefly, then up at
dialog: Sharon.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
text: It looks like him.
dialog: (and, coldly)
dialog: But he wasn't laughing when he was
dialog: raping me.
text: That taking the air out of Sharon, her breath going shallow
text: at its utterance, can feel Victoria calcifying in the moment.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: May I sit down?
text: Victoria says nothing. Sharon sits beside her, on the bed.
text: After a beat:
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Look, lady, before you go any
dialog: further, just let me tell you, you
dialog: can't do nothing to me, I ain't
dialog: alone here, I got people.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I'm not trying to do anything to
dialog: you. I'm just trying to get a man
text: out of jail. An innocent man.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Lady, I think you in the wrong
dialog: place. Ain't no reason to talk to
dialog: me. Ain't nothing I can do.
text: Sharon looks away from her, out the window, the scramble of
text: her thoughts wrought clear on her face.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (cautious)
dialog: How long were you in New York?
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Too long.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Did you leave your children there?
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Listen. Leave my children out of
dialog: this.
text: It’s hot, Sharon takes off her jacket.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Why did you come back here?
text: Victoria rises and walks to the window. Sharon follows, the
text: two of them staring out at the sea together. A prolonged
text: silence, a fleeting truce inspired by this view.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Daughter... in this world, terrible
dialog: things happen to you, and we can
dialog: all do some terrible things.
text: Sharon is careful; she’s close, watching Victoria.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I was a woman before you was a
dialog: woman — remember that. And I know,
dialog: I know, you pay for the lies you
dialog: tell.
text: She stares at Victoria. Victoria stares at her.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You've put a man in jail, a man
dialog: you've never seen. He's twenty-two
dialog: years old, he wants to marry my
dialog: daughter.
text: She releases Victoria’s gaze, turns back to the window.
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: I did see him.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You saw him in the police lineup.
dialog: That's the first time you saw him,
dialog: the only time.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: What makes you so sure?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Because I've known him all his
dialog: life.
text: Victoria looking back to Sharon, huffing with a scorn that
text: runs deep, runs certain and heavy.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: One thing I can tell, lady: you
dialog: ain't never been raped.
dialog: That statement registering viscerally: Victoria has been
dialog: raped. By someone.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: You might have known a nice little
dialog: boy, and he might be a nice man —
dialog: with you! But you don't know the
dialog: man who did — who did — what he did
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: But are you... are you sure that
dialog: you know him?
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Yes, I'm sure! They took me down
dialog: there and they asked me to pick him
dialog: out and that’s what I did, I picked
dialog: him out.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: But you were... it happened in the
dialog: dark. You saw Alonzo in the lights.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
text: There's lights in the hallway, I
dialog: saw enough.
text: Sharon grabs her again, and touches the crucifix.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Daughter... in the name of God.
dialog: 92.
text: Victoria looks down at Sharon’s hand on the cross... and
text: screams: a piercing, impossible sound. She breaks away from
text: Sharon, runs to the door (which has remained open all this
dialog: time).
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Get out of here! Get out!
text: Victoria is screaming in Spanish. Doors open. People begin to
text: appear. Sharon hears the horn of Jaime’s taxi.
text: One of the older women in the hall comes to the door, and
text: takes Victoria in her arms. Victoria collapses, weeping, into
text: this woman's breasts; and the woman, without a look at
text: Sharon, leads her away into the hall.
text: Everyone else is staring at Sharon. An interminable silence.
text: Off the sound of Jaime's horn...
scene_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK STREET FLAT - NIGHT
text: Or is it day? Hard to tell, the light, the sound, the tone of
dialog: everything here suspended in that in-between place, neither
dialog: night nor day, present nor past.
text: Fonny is working on the wood. It is a soft, brown wood, it
text: stands on his worktable. The wall is covered with sketches.
text: His tools are on the table. He walks around the wood,
text: terrified. He does not want to touch it. He knows that he
text: must. But he does not want to defile the wood.
text: He stares and stares, almost weeping. He is waiting for the
text: wood to speak. Until it speaks, he cannot move.
text: He picks up a chisel, he puts it down. He lights a cigarette,
text: sits down on his work stool, stares, picks up the chisel
dialog: again.
text: He puts it down, goes into the kitchen to pour himself a
dialog: beer.
text: Comes back with the beer, sits down on the stool again,
text: stares at the wood. The wood stares back.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You cunt.
text: He picks up the chisel again, and approaches the waiting
text: wood. Touches it very lightly with his hand, caresses it. He
dialog: listens.
dialog: 93.
text: He puts the chisel, teasingly, against it. The chisel begins
text: to move. Fonny begins, and...
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK CITY CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, CELL - DAY
text: Fonny lying here, eyes wide, staring at the ceiling.
text: A beat of him lying this way, unblinking, looking far off and
dialog: away to that vision, then...
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK CITY CORRECTIONAL FACILITY - DAY
text: Tish at the glass, waiting as Fonny approaches from the other
dialog: side.
text: Seeing him in the light now, he looks different than we've
text: seen him previously, decidedly worse: gaunt, thinned.
text: Fonny looks to Tish, looks into her as he takes up the phone:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes. I'm all right.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: The baby all right?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes. The baby's fine.
text: He grins. It is, somehow, a shock to Tish.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: We got to get some meat on your
dialog: bones, Lord, have mercy.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Speak up. He can't hear you.
text: That playful, said with a smile, the best of Fonny.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: But listen... there’s something I
dialog: gotta tell you.
text: Fonny nodding, readying himself:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Mama came back from Puerto Rico.
dialog: She found Victoria, but...
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: TISH (CONT'D)
dialog: the girl went crazy, they don’t
dialog: know where she is now.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: So the trial might get postponed.
text: Fonny holding Tish’s gaze here, knows she’s watching him,
dialog: does everything in his power to keep it together, to not
text: break, the strain on that receiver in his hand palpable.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Fonny...
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I’m fine.
text: A deliberate beat as Fonny changes before her, something warm
text: seeming to drift away from him, drain from his face.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Hayward’s not charging us no more,
dialog: we almost got the money to bail you
dialog: out.
text: Takes a moment, just enough for the delay to read:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I figured you would.
text: Every word out of Fonny’s mouth here bittersweet.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Listen, I'll be out soon.
text: Tish’s face, at once shocked and yet trying hard to mask it:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: I'm coming home because I'm glad I
dialog: came, can you dig that?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: See now? I'm an artisan. Like a cat
dialog: who makes tables. I don't like the
dialog: word artist. Maybe I never did. I
dialog: sure the fuck don't know what it
dialog: means. I'm a cat who works from his
dialog: gut, with his hands. I know what
dialog: it's about now. I think I really
dialog: do. Even if I go under. But I don't
dialog: think I will now. I know I won’t.
dialog: 95.
text: He’s far from her. Here with her, yes. But very far away.
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Baby, I love you. And I'm going to
dialog: build us a table and a whole lot of
dialog: folks going to be eating off it for
text: a long, long time to come.
dialog: (and)
dialog: And I'm all right, too. Don't you
dialog: worry. I'm coming home. I'm coming
dialog: home, to you. I want you in my
dialog: arms. I want your arms around me.
dialog: I've got to hold our baby in my
dialog: arms. It's got to be. You keep the
dialog: faith.
text: Fonny grinning now, something bringing him back:
speaker_heading: FONNY
dialog: Don't you worry. I'll be home.
text: Fonny grins again, stands and extends his fist to the glass
text: as always. A moment of those fists there, as though
dialog: transferring the warmth through that barrier, then...
text: ...-Fonny bends to kiss the glass.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: “I saw Bell everywhere... and all the time.
dialog: We spoke once."
scene_heading: EXT. 14TH ST. AND 8TH AVE - DAY
text: A very pregnant Tish rising from the subway station, a paper
text: sack clutched in her arms, gang of knickknacks spilling over
text: the lip of it.
text: She's a bit frantic, in a hurry as she hits the sidewalk and
text: looks up to double-check where she is, get her bearings.
dialog: A half a block with her this way, this hurried gate, then...
text: .».-she hits the corner, red-light at the crosswalk.
text: The streets full with the mid-afternoon rush. Tish taking it
text: all in, glad for a brief respite here at the corner when...
text: ..-she looks left, sees a familiar face: Officer Bell.
text: Approaching up the avenue, taking his time, not a hint of
text: hurry to him, the spitting image of “whistling Dixie.”
dialog: 96.
text: Tish glancing to the light, sees it go yellow, but... rather
text: than cross, she turns toward the avenue, turns to face Bell,
text: meet him head on as he nears.
dialog: That smile of his. That ridiculous fucking smile.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: Can I carry that for you?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: No.
dialog: (and)
dialog: No thank you.
text: Tish looks into his eyes. There is something passing between
text: them, deliberate and fierce.
text: Bell watching and Tish not looking away, nor betraying
text: herself: gives him no emotion, just the veil.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: Well, you ain't got far to go. Sure
dialog: wish I could carry it for you,
dialog: though.
text: Bell steps closer now, close enough that Tish looks about
text: herself, looks as though to see if anybody’s watching:
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: I ain't a bad guy. You ain't got to
dialog: be afraid of me.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I'm not afraid.
text: Beat. An extended, unbearable beat.
speaker_heading: OFFICER BELL
dialog: Good-night, then, miss lady.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Good-night, Officer.
scene_heading: INT. SPANISH RESTAURANT - DAY
dialog: The only time we’ve been here not focused on that side table
text: so synonymous with Tish and Fonny.
text: Instead, find Tish huddled to herself in a table near the
text: back, away from anyone else.
text: Tish staring at the plate before her, a simple paella. From
text: the looks of it, she hasn’t touched it. As he passes,
text: Pedrocito deftly takes the plate without stopping.
dialog: 97.
text: A beat with Tish, the simple loneliness on her face, then...
text: ..-Pedrocito returning, appearing from the direction he'd
text: escaped to, has a fresh plate in hand.
text: Sits it before her, the heat of it releasing waves of vapor
text: into the air.
speaker_heading: PEDROCITO
dialog: Sefiorita? Por favor. He and the
dialog: muchacho need your strength. He
dialog: will not forgive us if we let you
dialog: starve. We are his friends. He
dialog: trusts us. You must trust us, too.
text: He takes a glass, pours her a little red wine.
speaker_heading: PEDROCITO
dialog: Wine is good. Just a little.
text: Slowly.
text: Tish nods, takes a sip of the wine.
speaker_heading: PEDROCITO
dialog: It will be a boy.
text: Pedrocito grins; in some way a grin that recalls Fonny, that
dialog: first night of Tish seeing the joy the men shared.
text: Tish looking after him as he moves away, attends to the few
dialog: customers here.
text: A beat of her processing this moment, a suggestion of the
text: warmth of the gesture coming over her, then...
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN - DAY - MOVING
text: Tish in the backseat but, not a cab, up in the front:
dialog: Pedrocito.
text: He won’t let her walk, he’s driving her home.
dialog: 
text: Tish startles in the back seat, Pedrocito’s eyes going to the
dialog: rearview:
speaker_heading: PEDROCITO
dialog: I told you, it’s a boy!
text: Tish smiling as she re-settles herself: this man is family.
text: A beat more of travel then... the car easing to a red light;
text: nothing out of the ordinary, just a red light.
dialog: 98.
text: Tish lolling her head against the window, lets the light hit
text: her face. Eyes wander away now, on the curb they’re idling
text: near. At a subdued, but distinct startle in her expression...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON: THE CURB
text: ..-Ernestine and her young actress there, the two of them
text: close, the two of them more than close: the unmistakable look
text: of intimacy as they cradle one another on the corner.
dialog: BACK TO TISH:
text: The car pulling away, Tish slumped down in that back seat as
text: though hiding, pure instinct, her eyes straining to catch the
text: last few glimpses of Ernestine and her lover.
text: Tish sitting upright as Pedrocito drives on.
text: Hold on her face, the fright of a child who’s seen what she
text: should not see. And that quickly giving way to awe and,
text: ultimately, a smile.
scene_heading: INT. BANK STREET FLAT - DAY
text: Tish sitting in her chair, looking up out the small window,
text: the sun faint, nearly night out.
text: That bag she was carrying sitting on the table beside her.
text: She reaches for it and... lurches fully, doubles over like
text: something strong and full of purpose just socked her.
text: The moment passing, Tish checking her watch and looking at
text: the door again. A resigned sigh and she stands, looks down
text: into that bag and begins pulling things from it.
text: A few small items at first and then, surprisingly, a block of
text: wood. Takes the wood, walks it over to Fonny’s work table,
text: goes to set the block there as... the phone rings.
text: Tish’s hand at her belly as she moves to the phone. Gets a
text: hand on the receiver but takes a breath before picking it up,
text: does so only after her breathing calms.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (through receiver)
dialog: Hello, Tish? This is Adrienne.
text: Tish’s face: Adrienne? Has she ever called here?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: How are you, Adrienne?
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE (0.S.)
dialog: Have you seen my father? Is he
dialog: there? When did you see him last?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Why? I haven't seen him, I know
dialog: he's seen Joseph, but I haven't--
text: The weeping through the phone startling Tish:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Adrienne? Adrienne talk to me,
dialog: what's the matter?
text: Sound of Adrienne getting herself together on the other end,
dialog: stifling those sobs:
dialog: Adrienne,
dialog: don't--
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE (0.S.)
dialog: My Daddy was fired from his job two
dialog: days ago, they said he was
dialog: stealing, and they threatened to
text: put him in jail and with Fonny and
dialog: all he was just so... I don’t know.
dialog: And he was drunk when he came home
dialog: and he cursed everybody out and
dialog: then he went out the door and ain't
dialog: nobody seen him since; Tish, don't
dialog: you know where my father is?
speaker_heading: TISH ADRIENNE (0.S.)
dialog: I swear to God, I Tish, I know you don't like
dialog: me-—
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Adrienne, you and me, we had a
dialog: little fight, but that don't mean I
dialog: don't like you. You're Fonny's
dialog: sister. And if I love him, I got to
dialog: love you. And that don’t matter
dialog: ‘cause I don’t wish for nothin’ bad
dialog: on nobody.
speaker_heading: ADRIENNE (0.S.)
dialog: If you see him, will you call me?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes, of course I will, Adrienne.
dialog: Of course.
text: Tish slowly removing the phone from her ear, shock running
dialog: through her face when...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: What’s wrong?
dialog: 100.
text: Tish looking to that voice, sees Sharon closing the apartment
text: door behind her, removing her key from the dead-bolt.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You look like you seen a ghost.
text: Tish hanging up that phone finally, leans her weight on the
text: table there. After she does, not a kick, but... something.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Tish, what's the matter with you?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: (sitting)
text: That was Adrienne. She's looking
dialog: for Frank. She said he, he got
dialog: fired and he was real upset. And
dialog: Adrienne, that poor child sounds
dialog: like she's gone to pieces. Mama,
dialog: has Daddy seen him?
text: Sharon's still; still standing, still watching. She’s
text: listening, yes, but also studying, evaluating.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I don't know. But he ain't been by,
dialog: no.
text: Sharon setting her bag down, crosses the room and puts a hand
dialog: to Tish’s brow:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: How you feeling?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Tired.
dialog: Funny.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You want me to get you a little
dialog: brandy?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes. Thank you, Mama. That might be
dialog: a good idea. It might help to
dialog: settle my stomach.
text: Sharon heads into the kitchen, knows just where Tish keeps
text: the Brandy, rather than pour it brings the bottle and a small
text: glass over, sits them beside Tish.
text: Sharon nodding at questions in her own head, studying Tish:
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Your stomach upset?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: A little. It'll go away.
text: Sharon watching as Tish opens the bottle, takes a small sip
text: from it, doesn’t bother with the glass. Sharon moving to the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You see Fonny today?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: And how was he?
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: He's beautiful. They beat him up,
dialog: but they didn't beat him, you know?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I know baby, I know.
text: Sharon returning with a damp towel, rubs at Tish’s temple:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I think Ernestine's got the rest of
dialog: the money. From her actress.
text: A flash across Tish’s face, mind alight. Doesn’t say
text: anything, wasn’t about to say anything but... the doorbell
text: rings, Sharon setting that towel down and moving over to get
text: it. Opens it and, her back to Tish, obscuring whoever’s there
text: but... her voice, pure terror:
speaker_heading: SHARON (0.C.)
dialog: What happen?
text: Tish standing, looking on as Sharon turns back inside,
text: reveals Joseph coming in behind her, a heavy look about him:
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: It’s Frank.
dialog: (and)
dialog: They found Frank.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: Does Fonny know?
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I don't think so. Not yet. He won't
dialog: know till morning.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I've got to tell him.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You can't get there till morning,
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I’ve got to tell him now--
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Tish, you can’t--
speaker_heading: TISH
dialog: I've got to....
text: Tish trailing off there, like she’s been dazed, losing the
text: train of thought as it’s formed. She stares at the entry
text: there, still open, the cement wall rising up to the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: How you feeling?
text: The sky opening... or something similar to it — to the sound
text: of it — rising from Tish’s chest, hand to her belly.
text: Joseph jolted, a step toward Tish and then a step back as
text: Sharon reaches a hand to stop him, all calm.
text: Sharon putting a hand to Tish’s shoulder, eases her the
text: couple steps back to her chair, gently sits her there.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (without looking away)
dialog: Call the ambulance, Joseph.
text: And as her father moves to the phone, his presence long gone
text: from here, Tish looks to her mother, looks up to her,
text: Sharon’s image as strong and loving and in spirit as ever.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Don’t panic, baby. Remember, love
dialog: brought you here.
text: Sharon smiles, and...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 
