text: "IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT"
dialog: by
scene_heading: STIRLING SILLIPHANT
scene_heading: REVISED FIRST DRAFT: 7/1/66
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
scene_heading: 2nd REVISED 9/28/66 “IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT"
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: BLACK SCREEN - THE CPENING TITLES SUPERED OVER A SERIES OF
text: THE FOLLOWING SHOTS:
text: The air is filled with quiet, country, night sounds, shattered by the distant
text: blare of a diese! train, The light from the train gradually dences across
text: the surface of the polished rails. We now SEE the railroad tracks more
text: clearly, stretched out before us. As the horn blows again to signal an
text: approaching station, the headlight grows in intensity and flares into the
text: lens. As the train rolls by, the CAMERA PANS with it to reveal a
text: weathered sign. We read the sign in the rapid flashes of light fram the
text: cceach windows: You Are Now Entering The Town of Spurta, Mississippi.
dialog: Welcome.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - COACH WHEELS
text: coming toa stop. Steam from the cooling system curls around the lowered
text: steps. CAMERA STAYS with the feet of one, lono possenger, revealing a
text: suitcase and legs only. CAMERA PANS feet across the deserted station
dialog: platform.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: WHEELS OF TRAIN
text: os it starts out of station, The diesel horn again shatters the stillness of
text: the night. As train pulls out, CAMERA PANS UP TO REVEAL empty
text: street. We realize the train has passed over an open street crossing.
scene_heading: 1 INT. A DINER ~ EXTREME CLOSE SHOT - A FLY ON A CALENDAR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: We hear the diesel horn of the train in the b.g. The calendar is one of
text: those with a topping photo of a nubile nymph sunning herself ona rock.
text: Below, September is subdivided into squares. A transient fly travels from
text: September ten to the girl's navel where he steps te preen himself. SPLAT!
text: The killing end of a rubber band obliterates him.
scene_heading: 2 CLOSE SHOT - A GLEEFUL RALPH HENSHAW
text: Marksman extraordinaire, counterboy of this shabby all-night diner,
text: grins at the triumph of man over fly. RALPH is nineteen. His sharp, bony
text: face is shadowed by teenhood acne,
dialog: (Continued)
scene_heading: 2ND REVISED 9/28/66
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Where you keepin! the pie tonight?
speaker_heading: ANGLE SHOT
text: post a police officer at the counter in immediate f.g., and toward
text: Ralph in the b.g. The police officer is SAM WCOD.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Man ate the last just 'fore you come in,
text: Sam nods irritably. Under his armpits halfmoons of sweat testify to
text: the September heat. Ralph pulls back the end of the thick rubber
text: band with his right hand, extends his aiming loft hand which grips
text: the opposite end of the band toward another fly which has come to
text: roost on the stained wall near the coffee tub. Sam Icoks away from
text: the fly hunt, fixes his eye on a clouded plastic lid covering a cake
text: dish on the counter. A fone wedge slumps isolated beneath the lid.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Who's that tittle ole orphan in there ?
text: SPLAT! The fly killer glances over his shoulder at the cake plate.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Marblecake.
text: Sam shakes his head, drains the last of the watery ic. from nis coke
text: glass, gets off the stool.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: easing forward)
dialog: You can have her free, Sam - she bein’
text: all by herself there.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: {coldly}
dialog: { told you ‘bout that 'Sam!
dialog: business!
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: Sorry, Mister Wood! | mean,
dialog: Officer Wood.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: he
scene_heading: 2ND REVISED 9/28/46
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: 5A
dialog: ray
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The teenager's defiance echoes benecth this mack subservience.
text: Sam planks a dime onto the counter, walks out, hitching up his
text: gunbelt authoritatively as he goes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DINER = PAN SHOT ~ SAM WCOD - NICHT
text: crosses toward the parked police vehicie, the only cor in the dirt
text: lot separating the highway from the diner, As he walks, Sam tugs
text: out a soiled handkerchief, wipes the sweat from his forehead, dabs
text: inside his collar.
speaker_heading: AT THE CAR
text: Sam opens the door, gets into the car, reaches for the radio=phone,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Wood to radio, Leavin’ Compton's now. x
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Anythin' happenin' cut there? x
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hell, man! Some chanee!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Cardinais eight. Ciants two.
dialog: x
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ten four.
dialog: x
scene_heading: INT, CAR - CLOSEUP - SAM'S HAND - NIGHT
text: turns key, starts ignition, CAMERA FOLLOWS his hand as he puts car
text: in gear, then as car pulls away, the CAMERA FOLLOWS Sam's hand
text: as it adjusts rear vision misror. Sereen has a variety of out-of-focus
text: lights turning in the mirror, Sony transistor radio hanging from the
text: rear view mirror. The speed of the car is slow. Southern country
text: MUSIC biares through speaker perforations. CAMERA PANS to
text: no-draft window as Sam's hand opens it and directs wir on the driver.
text: CAMERA PANS ceross dashboard revealing a plastic Jesus, stickers,
dialog: pencils, clipbeurd, etc.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 3A
dialog: 10
dialog: 12
dialog: 14
scene_heading: EXT, STREET IN BUSINESS SECTION > NIGHT
text: In blank windows we seo full reflection of the police car cruising
dialog: by. MUSIC continues as we seu:
scene_heading: INT. CAR - SAM WOOD - NIGHT
text: through windshield reflections. Sam leans forward to unstick
text: himself from the seat,
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: HIS MOVING POV - THE BLOCK OF SHACKS
text: Yards bare, fences collapsing, house fronts peeling, everywhere
text: a dark and ugly facade. Suddenly - up ahead - c patch of yellow
text: violates the blackness.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ON SAWN
text: His face becoming almost apprehensive.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET - THE PATROL CAR - NIGHT
text: glides in toward the house from which the light shines. The car
text: stops at curbside.
scene_heading: INT, THE CAR - CLOSE ON SAM - NIGHT
text: He turns down the radio, eyes ncrrowing as he locks ot:
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE ILLUMINATED WINDOW
text: and inside, in the kitchen, lit by a bright bulb hanging from the
text: ceiling, seen through the weary unmoving curtains, her bare back-
text: side and shapely naked shoulders mistily revealed, is a sixteon=
text: year old Sam knows to be DELDRES PURDY, The girl lifts a cup
text: to her lips.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: drops his eyes, guides the car away, dabs at his forehead, this time
text: with the back of his hand, not his kerchief.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
scene_heading: FOLLOW SHOT - THE TAIL LIGHTS OF THE PATROL CAR
text: ag they climb over the tracks, then drop out of sight
text: on the far side.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWN ~- FOLLOWING THE TAIL LIGHTS ~ NIGHT
text: of the patrol car. We STAY with them until suddenly
text: they flare into CAMERA as Sam drives his foot against
text: the brakes. The patrol car stops. We hear Sam's door
text: opening o.s., then slamming closed. CAMERA DROPS DOWN
text: so that we are SHOOTING LOW and under the car and
text: PANNING with Sam's feet as they move around and stop -
text: now we see why - a figure sprawled face down, eyes open
text: and beseeching us, one cheek pressed against the pavement
text: in the manner of a man lying flat to search for a rolling
text: quarter under a car.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ~ SAM AND THE FIGURE
text: Sam approaches, his hand somehow drifting toward the butt
text: of his holstered .38. Just above the figure, that of a
text: well-dressed man, Sam stops.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - SAM
text: looks away from the figure, peers around edgily.
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - A COMPLETE THREE HUNDRED AND SIXTY DEGREE
speaker_heading: SWEEP
text: of the. dark buildings here in the center of town. No
text: light shines. Nothing moves. Sidewalks and pavement
text: lie bleakly.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: kneels toward the man sprawled on his stomach, legs
text: apart, arms above his head. Sam feels inside and under
text: the chest for a heartbeat, finds none. He stares a
text: long moment at the fixed. profile, graven against the
text: pavement, notices the dark blotch at the back of the
text: head. Tentatively he reaches out, lets his fingertips
text: touch the matted hair. He brings his hand back and in
text: the faint glow of the nearest street lamp considers the
text: brown-red smear.
text: Sam hurries to the patrol car, ANGLE WIDENING,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 2l
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: INT. A BEDROOM - ANGLED ACROSS A MAN'S BARE FEET - NIGHT
text: He lies on top the bed. His eyes are wide open, fixed
text: in a study of the ceiling. Sweat runs off his big body.
text: Except for a pair of rumpled shorts he is naked. The
text: cheap alarm clock on the night table near his head
text: ticks noisily. The man is BILL GILLESPIE, new chief of
dialog: police of Wells.
text: The telephone rings. He reaches for it swiftly. None
dialog: of this leisured stuff for Bill Gillespie. Ring -
dialog: grab.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hate to wake you, Chief.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: What is it, Courtney?
dialog: The accent is not native to the area, for Gillespie is
dialog: a Texan, and there is a marked difference in the
text: Southern intonation of Gillespie's voice and those or
text: the night deskman and of Sam Wood.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (almost happily)
dialog: Got ourselves a killin'.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON GILLESPIE
text: frowning. He is sitting up now - on the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Could even be - Mister Colbert.
speaker_heading: well GILLESPIE
dialog: ell?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Well, what, Chief?
speaker_heading: . GILLESPIE
dialog: is it or isn't it Colbert?
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT, POLICE STATION - ANGLED ON A TUBBY DEPUTY - NIGHT
text: at the telephone and complaint desk. This is OFFICER
text: GEORGE COURTNEY, a big-bellied man who sits at the
text: board and sweats in the humid air churned by a small
dialog: esk fan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: l
text: "IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT"
scene_heading: REV. 9/16/66
dialog: 23
dialog: ait
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Sam didn't wanta mess with the
dialog: body. But I got Doc Stuart on
dialog: the way.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE'S VOICE
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I want a photographer... Got
dialog: one in town ever done this kind
dialog: of work?
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Well, now, Camelia Hawthorne's
dialog: boy Charlie he's pretty good.
dialog: ‘Less you want ole man Higgins
dialog: shoots all the graduation
dialog: pictures.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. GILLESPIE'S BEDROOM - CLOSE ON GILLESPIE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: iowant the best! I don't want
dialog: anybody dropping the ball! You
dialog: hear?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sure, Chief.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Call in the day force. Have
dialog: tem stand by. Tell Wood to stay
dialog: where he is 'till I get there.
dialog: Got all that?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sure have, Chief.
text: Gillespie hands up, starts for the bathroom, stops
text: half-way, remembers something, comes back to the phone
text: with a sense of annoyance. He picks up the instrument,
text: dials.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Police Department - hold on -
dialog: got another call goin' here.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (insistently)
dialog: Hello... hello!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2h
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: But there is no answer. Gillespie sighs, waits. Then he
text: gits on the bed, tries to keep the phone between shoulder
text: _and ear as he pulls on his stockings. He's got both
text: stockings on and is lacing one shoe before:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Police Department.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (overly-patient)
dialog: Where is the scene of the crime,
dialog: Courtney?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Oh! Main and Piney, Chief.
text: Gillespie slams down the phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, THE SCENE OF THE CRIME - A FLASHBULB - NIGHT
text: explodes into CAMERA.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE'S VOICE (o.8.)
dialog: Ever photograpn a homicide? .
text: CAMERA BACK to reveal a young man - CHARLIE HAWTHORNE -
text: gripping a Speed Graphic.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Least he isn't moving on me.
text: ANGLE CONTINUES TO WIDEN so that we see now we're at the
text: scene of the crime with Gillespie. His police car is
text: angled in toward the curb. An ambulance is parked near
text: the sprawled figure on the pavement, two attendants
text: standing by as DOCTOR STUART searches the corpse in vain
text: for a life-pulse. Sam Wood stands alongside Gillespie
text: and mops his sweaty forehead.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: From every angle. Clear?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, sir!
dialog: (to the attendants)
dialog: You boys move back now, hear?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: /
dialog: oe
speaker_heading: REV, 9/16/66
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: 26 CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He braces his vamesn, 4
dialog: Gillespie eases J
speaker_heading: DOG «
dialog: erinly) -
dialog: It's Colbert all right. Came all
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: this way to build us a factory -
dialog: make something ont of tnis town -
dialog: look what it got mi
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GILLES PIE
dialog: (unhappily)
dialog: What killed him?
dialog: Doc
text: Skuli's caved in.
dialog: (shaking nis head)
dialog: That's too bad. That's really
dialog: too bad. Almost as tad for us
dialog: as Lor iim,
text: Gillespie ‘neels els througn the pockets of the dead
text: man. He leoks up at Sain.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GILLES PIL
dialog: + wallet?
dialog: 
dialog: Where's h
speaker_heading: SAH
dialog: First tning I looke
dialog: Whoever Lixed
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Any witnesses?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: -I mean, not even a cat!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (to Doc Stuart)
dialog: How long's ne been dead?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Less than an nour. Maybe half
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: Could be a hiteh-hi:
dialog: both ends of town. :
dialog: hall. Ther tne depot.
dialog: » Scout
dialog: i the pool
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: REY, 9/16/5¢ je 19.
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 32
dialog: us
dialog: u
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: san
text: Pool hall closes at one, Cahier.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I said scout it!
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. POOL HALL - A CIRCLE OF LIGHT - NIGHT
text: plays across the fronting plate glass windc:, bores
text: into the shadowed interior.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - TOWARD SAM WOOD AND THE PATROL CAR
text: Sam snaps off his spotlight, guns the car out, off dow
dialog: the main. street. :
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE TRAIN DEPOT - ANGLED ON THE TRACKS - NIGHT
text: leading into darkness. Sudden light dances on the steel,
text: slides up the rails, then FULL INTO CAMERA come the head-
text: lamps of the patrol car. Tr? car brakes. Sam is out at
text: once, cutting across the beams cf his headlamps as ne
text: trots toward the depot. .
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - TRACKING SAM
text: right hand probing back toward the butt of his gun as he
text: hops onto the wooden platform and inoves mota-like toward
text: a single dusty bulb lighting the area. Insects collide
text: against the bulb. Sam's neels erunch on the piled bodies
text: of those which have fallen. He arrives at the door to the
text: waiting room, eases it open, peers inside.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON SAM
dialog: reacting to:
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - A MAN
text: sits inside on one of the benches. He glarnzes up from
dialog: the book he has been reading. .
speaker_heading: : (CONTINUED )
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 37
dialog: In
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The man is a Negro, in his late twenties, Sam judges, but
dialog: herets a strange thing - this Negro is well-dressed,
text: despite the heat, with a shirt and tie, although he has
text: taken off his suit coat and folded it neatly alongside him,
text: His nose seems the nose of an aristocratic white man, the
text: line of his mouth slender and well-formed, The eyes are
text: even more remarkable, Something dances behind them - a kind
text: of banked fire.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (pushing forward)
dialog: On your feet, boy!
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE NEGRO
dialog: evaluating Sam,
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE SHOT - SAM AND THE NEGRO
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I mean NOW!
text: The Negro reaches for his coat, Sam knocks his arm aside
text: and spins him around, clamps a sweaty forearm under his
text: chin, In this control-position, Sam searches the Negro,
text: Finding no weapon, Sam releases the throat-hold, steps
text: vack, hand firmly on his gun butt now, ready for the draw,
speaker_heading: . SAM
dialog: ‘Gainst the wall! Hands high -
dialog: and spread those fingers - sol
dialog: can count all tent Y<u move
dialog: ‘fore I tell you, by God, I'li
dialog: clean your plow!
text: The Negro appears to be especially compliant, He executes
text: the search position with dedication, Sam pats him down,
text: extracts a wallet, Sam hefts it.
speaker_heading: . SAM
dialog: (crafty)
dialog: This here's pretty fat, boy!
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - SAM
text: opens the wallet, discovers it is puffed with money, tens,
text: twenties - even a fifty, Sam exhales, almost whistles with
dialog: surprise, .-
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: BRD REV. 9/30/66 em
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: 37A
dialog: 38.
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
text: He snaps the wallet closed, stuffs it into his pocket.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Outside there's a po-leece car.
dialog: You're gonna pick up this bag -
dialog: walk out - plant yourself in back
dialog: - be a nice quiet boy all the way
dialog: in, You hear?
text: The Negro nods, but maintains his incline on the wall.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Wow hustle your butt, boy!
text: The Negro straightens, picks up the suitcase, starts
text: toward the door. Sam carrying the man's jacket over one
text: arm, the holstered gun at ready as he follows his suspect.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT
text: Sam pulls up, opens back door for Tibbs, pushes him
text: into Police Station.
scene_heading: INT. THE POLICE STATION - ANGLED ON A DOOR - NIGHT
dialog: as aman calls:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE'S VOICE (o.s.)
dialog: Yes?
text: Sam leans into SHOT, flicks the door open, revealing
text: Gillespie inside at a desk. The Negro enters SHOT,
text: goes in, Sam following.
scene_heading: INT, GILLESPIE'S OFFICE - GILLESPIE
text: deesn't look up as Sam brings in his prisoner. Gillespie
text: is pretending to make notes on a pad. The Chief's office
text: has scarred walls flaking off their ten thousandth coat of
text: paint, an ancient desk, one leg shorter than the others,
text: but compensated for by the insertion of the Wells telephone
text: directory under it. Behind Gillespie's desk is a calendar
dialog: on which the elapsed days of August have been precisely
text: excised by an X through each dead unit. Framed to another
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
scene_heading: NEW. 9/30/66 12a.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED:
dialog: side are the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Criminals. Over-
text: head a fan revolves noisily, crying fer ofl, making
text: a soft squeal of protest at regular intervals.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 4a
dialog: 4a
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
text: Sam places the wallet he has taken from the Negro on
text: Gillespie's desk, then falls back and stands with the Negro
text: in front of the desk until Gillespie finally deigns to look
speaker_heading: UD.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - GILLESPIE
text: staring at the Negro with a kind of bored detachment,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE NEGRO
text: taking ‘care to keep any expression from his own face as he
text: looks back at the lean officer,
scene_heading: MED, FULL SHOT THE THREE MEN
text: Tne silence continues, invaded solely by the fan,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Wood,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (almost jumping)
dialog: Yes, sir,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (eyes on the fan)
dialog: When'd I ask Courtney to get oil
dialog: for that damned thing?
speaker_heading: ‘ SAM
dialog: Last Wednesday, Chief,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Well, go out and tell him what
dialog: day it is today!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: But - the prisoner...
text: Gillespie looks at the Negro again.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You got a name, boy?
speaker_heading: . NEGRO
dialog: Virgil Tibbs,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV. 9/16/65 li.
dialog: he
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Virgil and I - we won't have any
dialog: trouble, Will we, Virgil?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: No trouble at all, sir.
text: Sam goes out uneasily,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - GILLESPIE AND TIBBS
text: measuring each other, Gillespie opens the wallet, looks at
dialog: the money.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: What'd you hit him with, Virgil?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Hit whom, sir?
text: The use of 'whon' causes Gillespie to raise his cyebrows,
speaker_heading: GILLES?
dialog: Northern boy, huh?
dialog: Tibbs nods,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Now what's a Northern colored
dialog: boy doing down nere?
speaker_heading: “ VIBES
text: Waiting for the train,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: No train this time of morning,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Tuesdays only, The four-oh-five
dialog: to Memphis,
speaker_heading: _ GILLESPIE
dialog: You say!
text: Suddenly, from the near distance, SOUNDS the long, solemn
text: wail of a train whistle - WHOOT ~ WHOOT - like the honking
text: of geese passing overhead, For a moment Gillespie is
dialog: silent, then:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 9/16/06
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I try to run a clean, safe town
dialog: - where a man can sneeze and not
dialog: have his brains beat out, You
dialog: follow me, Virgil?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I-figure - you just let a man
dialog: take his own sweet time with it,
dialog: he'll get around to the truth,
dialog: Makes him feel better. Gets it
dialog: off his chest, Now, you just tell
dialog: me how you happened to kill Mister
dialog: Colbert and you'll feel a whole
dialog: . lot better,
text: The door opens and Sam comes in with a can of oil,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Not now!
text: Sau closes the door, goes out,
speaker_heading: TIBBS .
dialog: Iwas visiting my mother, I came
dialog: in oa the twelve-thirty-five from
dialog: Brownsville. I was waiting to <o
dialog: out on the four-oh-five,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Meantime you killed yourself a
dialog: white man, Just about the most
dialog: important one we had around here,
dialog: Picked up...
dialog: (flipping the
dialog: wallet open
dialog: again)
dialog: .-. & Couple of hundred dollars,
text: He tosses the wallet onto the desk,
speaker_heading: - TIBBS
dialog: : (softly)
dialog: I earned that money. Ten hours
dialog: a day, seven days a week!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: : (snorting)
dialog: Colored can't make money like
dialog: that!
speaker_heading: CORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV, 9/16/06 16.
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE (cont'd)
dialog: Hell, boy, that's voretn I make
dialog: in a whole month, Where'd you
dialog: earn it?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Philadelphia.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: What do you do, boy, up there in
dialog: Philadelphia makes you money like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: I'ma police officer.
text: Gillespie stares at the tall Negro, Then he smiles, Then
text: ne chuckles a little, Then he laughs out loud, His
text: laughter brings Sam Wood catapulting into the room, This
dialog: time, however, Gillespie does not banish him, There's
text: something about his prisoner that makes Gillespie feel he'd
text: better keep a witness on hand, Tibbs reaches into his
text: breast pocket, brings out a small lapel wallet,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Here's my I,D,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: You question this man - before
dialog: you brought him in?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You told me to - to scout for
dialog: nitchhikers, I saw this fella -
dialog: with all that money - so I hustled
dialog: him in ~ like you told me:
dialog: Throughout all this Gillespie's eyes nave not left Tibbs!
text: eyes, Slowly, almost unwillingly, Sam takes Tibbs! extended
dialog: lapel wallet,
speaker_heading: . GILLESPIE
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 9/15/68
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sam reacts
dialog: Gillespie.
dialog: (3)
text: vo what he sees, hands tie wallet across to
dialog: au
text: Gillespie studies the police badge a moment,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GILLES? IE
dialog: You know we wouldn't let the likes
dialog: of you run the law around here,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: TIRBS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yes, I know that,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (to Sar)
dialog: Well, I'm going to check on this
dialog: wise city-boy from Philadelphia,
dialog: You hold hi outside... while I
dialog: do,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: May I suggest something?
text: Gillespie doesn't answer,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: You might want to call my Chier,
dialog: rather than send a telegram, ‘i'n
dialog: sure you have to operate on a
dialog: fairly tight budget for your
dialog: department. This way - it's
dialog: cheaper - and faster - and I'll
dialog: pay for the call.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: You hear him, Wood! You hear i:im
dialog: tell me he'll pay for the call?
dialog: «+. How much do they pay you, oy,
dialog: to do their police work?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: One hundred and sixty two dollers
dialog: and thirty nine cents a ween,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: One hundred and sixty two dollars
dialog: and thirty nine cents a week! You
dialog: hear that, Wood? You hear?
text: He moves to the telephone,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV, 9/16/06 i,
dialog: 43
dialog: 4b
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: GILiesple
dialog: Take him out of here}! But trea®
dialog: him easy. Man who makes one
dialog: hundred and sixty two dollars and
dialog: thirty nine cents a week, we
dialog: wouldn't want to ruffle him!
text: Testily, he picks up the telephone,
speaker_heading: GILLESFIE
dialog: Courtney, you think you might
dialog: try and get me the long distance
dialog: operator?
text: Tibbs goes out, Sam following.
scene_heading: INT, THE DESK AND FOYER AREA OF THE STATICN - PAN SHOT -
scene_heading: TIBBS AND SAM - WIGHT
text: Cross the compleiat desk and switchboard area. George is
text: trying to raise long distence as Sam motions Tibbs past a
text: worn wooden bench for waiting complainants and through a
text: waist-high swinging gate with a broken latch, thence into
text: a larger room slocked off by four desks, The floor is
text: tobacco-stained, the wastebaskets are unemptied, a ceiling
text: lamp hangs over each desk, three of the lamps with dusty
text: globes, the fourth, on which the globe is »roken, shaded by
dialog: @ piece of bent cardboard,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Tibbs settles down peaceably on a spartan chair, and folds
text: his arms to wait. Sam turns away, discovers that George is
text: beckoning to him with all the zeal of a goosy schoolgirl,
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (covering the
dialog: phone. and whis-
dialog: pering out loud)
dialog: Waata listen?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19,
speaker_heading: ks CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: He catches you, he'll ride your
dialog: priteches ‘round the block!
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: He don't panic me}
text: He resumes his listening, Sam pulls up 4 chair and studies
text: the wall clock - time four-twenty.
speaker_heading: 46 ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The young cameraman, Charlie, literally bursts into the
text: reception foyer from outside, He clutches a sheath of 4x5
text: photos in one hot hand, The abruptness of his arrival
text: spins Sam around in his chair, makes Tibbs glance up,
text: compels George to cover more firmly the phone on which he's
dialog: eavesdropping,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where's the Chier?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Those the dead mants pictures?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE :
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Top, bottom, sides - you name it.
text: Sam gets up, comes over, one hand extended,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'll take ‘em,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: I want to give them to the Chief!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I said - I'll take ‘em
speaker_heading: : GEORGE
dialog: Do like he ‘says, Charlie, Good
dialog: work, boy, That's really comint
dialog: through on the job}
text: Reluctantly, Charlie hands the photos to Sam and exits.
scene_heading: 47 CLOSER ANGLE - SAM
text: flips through the photos,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: REV, 9/16/56 25,
scene_heading: 4? CONTINGED:
speaker_heading: AM
dialog: g
dialog: uod dag, but conte he loox like
dialog: €
dialog: re
dialog: & sack oO! covfeed?
speaker_heading: TIBBS! VOICE (0.3.)
dialog: May I see the man I'm supposed
dialog: to have killed?
text: Sam glances around,
scene_heading: 4§ FROM HIS ANGLE - TIBBS
text: is standing now.
scene_heading: hg ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Sam gets a crafty look on his face,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah,,, why not?
text: He crosses to Tibbs and, one vy one, shows him the photos
scene_heading: 50 EXTREME CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: His eyes seem to take on new life as he locks at:
dialog: Ma
dialog: pa
scene_heading: PROM HIS ANGLE - CLOSE SHC? - UHR DEAD Mau
text: sprauled in the final indignity.
speaker_heading: 52 FAVORING TIBBS
text: He continues to scrutinize the photos,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (thinking he is
dialog: leading him on)
dialog: They say the killer always comes
text: back to the scene of the crime.
dialog: Ain't that what they say, boy?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Sam! He's stopned talisin': I
dialog: think he's comin out!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV. 9/10/56 el,
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sam whirls, taking the pictures from Tibbs view, packs them
text: neatly in order, hurries toward the waist-.igh divider-
text: counter as though expecting Gillespie's deor to open any
dialog: second now and wanting to Look alive when it does,
dialog: 
text: Instead, the door from the stree: opens, Joc Stuart peers in.
dialog: boc
dialog: Where does the Chief want the body?
speaker_heading: SAH
dialog: Hell, Doc, how do I know?
dialog: Doc
dialog: Getting so we'll need a morgue
dialog: around here,
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: Guess I'd better take hin over to
dialog: Ulam's Funeral Farlor,.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hey, Sam, how long's it been since
dialog: we had a white man killed?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Three years November, The Harris
dialog: boy, He sure looked like a wrapped-
dialog: up bug. Remember that onc, Doe?
text: Doc Stuart goes out without replying, Even as the door
text: closes behind him, Gillespie's door opens, The Chief comes
dialog: out, .
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: Who was just hers?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: .Doc, Chief. Taxin' the deceased
dialog: over to Ulam's,
dialog: (holding out
dialog: the pictures)
dialog: For you,
text: Gillespie takes the photos, pushes throug. the broken gate of
text: the counter, watches it flap a moment, looks over at George.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Thought I told you to get this
dialog: fixed,
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Not me, Chief, Maybe you told
dialog: the day deskman,
text: Gillespie tightens his jaw, moves toward the chair in front
text: of which the watchful Tinbs stands,
scene_heading: REV. 9/16/66 22.
speaker_heading: 53 CLOSE ON TIBBS
dialog: watching,
scene_heading: 54 TIBBS' POV - THE APPROACHING GILLESPIE
text: Gillespie stops in front of Tibbs, CAMERA DOLLIZS around to
text: HOLD both men in SECT,
speaker_heading: GILLESP Ig
dialog: Your Chief's on the line, He
dialog: wants to talk to you,
text: Tibbs moves to Gillespie's office, Cillespie coming along
text: watchfully.
scene_heading: 55 INT, GILLESPIE'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Tibbs crosses to the telephone, Gillespie has stopped in
text: the doorway.
speaker_heading: TIEBS
dialog: I'm sorry to have involved you
dialog: in this, sir, but - I didn't
dialog: have much choice,
dialog: 
text: He listens and suddenly his eyes widen, Dismay begins to
text: show on his face, He looks over at Gillespie.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: You can't be - serious?
dialog: (but the voice on
dialog: the phone is
dialog: insistent)
dialog: But - but, look... you don't have
dialog: the - the complete picture, Even
dialog: if I could be of some help, they
dialog: wouldn't want it, Wo, Itm not
dialog: prejudiced, Yes, of course, I'm
dialog: a@ police officer, Yes, sir, they're
dialog: police officers,..
text: Apparently, the decision at the other end is final, Tibbs
text: holds out the telephone, His eyes are hard, almost un-
dialog: pleasant.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 9/16/06
dialog: 2
dialog: Cy
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gillespie comes in slowly, alaost heavily, takes the phone,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Gillespie,
text: He listens, then:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (eyes on Tibbs)
dialog: Your number one homicide boy, huh?
dialog: Weli, we don't need him around here,
dialog: Chief, We'll wrap this up all iy
dialog: ourselves next couple of hours.
dialog: (a beat, settling
dialog: into it naw)
dialog: See, down here in Sparta, we doit
dialog: have the problem you got up there
text: No riots, Wo mobs running thro.
dialog: our streets, Nobody yelliag 'Burn,
dialog: baby, dural! down here in Spartc,
dialog: We got time ts keer the law,
dialog: Appears to me you need this boy of
dialog: yours mere than we do, So Itn
dialog: especially beholden to you for
dialog: offering us such a topnotch piece
dialog: of manpower as gil, Thanks
dialog: again, Chief, ‘Eye now,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Flushed with the pleasure of being sarcastic with so important
dialog: an officer as the Chief of Police of Philadelphia, Gillespie
text: hangs up the telephone,
text: He and Tibbs measure each other,
speaker_heading: ‘ GILLIS? I
dialog: That's your wallet on the desk
dialog: there, boy,
text: Tibbs picks it up, pockets ic,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Nobody touched it, Wetre paying
dialog: for that call out of our own budget!
text: He starts out, Tibbs remaining tautly in room-center,
text: Gillespie stops in the doorway, his back to Tibbs,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Ever examine dead bodies?
speaker_heading: TIBas
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Oftener than I like,
text: Now Gillespie gives him a look over his shoulder,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV. 7/28/66
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: ns
dialog: s>
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Weil?
text: There is challenge in the look - and insuly - and something
dialog: else too (Gillespie's secret knowledge that he personally
dialog: hasn't the least damn idea how to go about examining a
dialog: corpse).
text: Gillespie lets the challenge float there for a second,
text: then he continues out.
text: Tibbs seems to be fighting some kind of inner war with
text: himself, but he goes out after Gillespie.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT, ULAM'S FUNERAL PARLOR - A FLICKERING NEON SIGN -
scene_heading: GILLESPIE'S JUST-PARKED PATROL CAR - NIGHT
text: Doors on either side slam behind Gillespie and Tibbs, both
text: already en route to the entrance of the perlor.
scene_heading: INT. THE PARLOR - A MAN WEARING PINCE-NEZ - NIGHT
text: waits just inside. He has slipped a shagcy cardigan over
text: silk pajamas, but even in this outlandish outfit appears
text: properly funereal. He holds out a welcoming hand to
text: Gillespie. but his eyes home towards Tibts in a condemning
text: radar sweep.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Ted Ulam, Chief. We haven't had
dialog: the pleasure.
text: Gillespie ignores the hand.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Where's Colbert's body?
speaker_heading: ULAM
dialog: Got him downstairs.
text: But Ulam, eyes fixed on Tibbs, remains unmoving.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: : (courtly)
dialog: He's with me.
text: Ulam looks glum, but he defers. He leads off, Gillesple
text: pushing after him, Tibbs following.
scene_heading: REV. 7/28/66 25-06,
dialog: 59
dialog: 61
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM - FULL SHOT ~ NIGHT
text: Doc Stuart is covering with a sheet the still-clothed body
text: on a single slab in room center. The room is outfitted
text: with large stainless steel tubs, shelves and cabinets.
text: Gillespie crosses directly to the body. He almost appears
text: to have some idea what he is supposed to be doing, but the
text: pretense collapses when he lifts the top edge of the sheet,
text: stares down with obvious annoyance and bafflement et the
dialog: mystery of this untimely death.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: His lustrous eyes reflect his awareness of Gillespie's
text: pafflement and inexperience.
scene_heading: FAVORING GILLESPIE
text: staring at the dead man. Doc lights his pipe philosophi-
dialog: eally.
dialog: Doc
dialog: Ten cents - ten million dellars
dialog: - just doesn't matter when a man's
dialog: time comes.
text: Gillespie lowers the sheet.
speaker_heading: ULAM
dialog: I could give her a far better
dialog: service right here in Wells than
dialog: sne'll be abie to buy up in
dialog: Chicago - for half the money.
dialog: Why, I got a caskét out there
dialog: that...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (overlapping -
dialog: to Tibbs)
dialog: You want to take a look?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 27,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Tibbs approaches the slab, Gillespie sees how Ulam and the
text: doctor stare at the Negro, It suits his mood to let it
dialog: pother them, not to explain Tibbs to them, just as nobody
dialog: had explained Tibbs to him and caught him in this god-damned
dialog: embarrassing position in the first place,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TIBBS AND THE DEAD MAN
dialog: Tipbs doesn't merely lift a corner of the sheet (as you've
dialog: geen it done all these years in movies), He folds the sheet
text: back all the way, holds it out behind him, expecting someone
dialog: to take it from him - as they do in Philadelphia at the
text: police morgue.
text: But nobody moves, Tibbs looks around, sees the hard face of
text: Ulam and the interested face of the doctor, Tibbs places
text: the sheet on the floor, turns back to the dead man,
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: looking down with a kind of curious tenderness,
text: ANGLED ON THE THREE WHITE MEN
text: watching Tibbs raise one of the dead man's hands, examine
text: first the palms, then the fingernails, Tibbs looks pleased,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: New manicure, That's good,
dialog: That's very good,
text: The others react, Tibbs replaces the hand, moves up to peer
text: at the massive head wound,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: I'll need a few things...
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Such as?
speaker_heading: - TIBBS
dialog: Silver nitrate, distilled water,
dialog: acetic acid,.,
text: Tibbs rubs one hand alongside the cheek and jaw of the dead
dialog: man,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: ++. ammonium hydrosulfide, benzidine,
dialog: superoxide of hydrogen...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED;
text: He progresses to the feet, Gently, he unties one of the
text: dead man's shoes, places the shoe on the floor, removes one
text: sock and examines the foot and ankic,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: ++. copper powder, a six-inch
dialog: celluloid scale, a thermometer,
dialog: camera with a double~extension
dialog: bellows ~ and, of course, film...
text: He examines the knees of the dead man's trousers,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: ... some envelopes, tissue paper,
text: tape, tweezers, calipers,
dialog: toothpicks...
dialog: (a faint smile)
dialog: I dia bring my own pen,
speaker_heading: ULAM
dialog: Toothpicks?! Copper powder}
dialog: What's all this about, Chief?
dialog: Who is this boy anyway?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: I asked him to look at the body,
dialog: that's who he is!
text: Tibbs glances at his wristwatch,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: It's now four forty-five. What
dialog: time was this man killed?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Wood found him at three, Doe
dialog: figures he was killed an hour
dialog: earlier,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (to the doctor)
dialog: At two?
dialog: boc
dialog: Maybe a little later - two-
dialog: fifteen, two-thirty?
dialog: Tibbs considers the doctor,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Would you please feel the face
dialog: and jaw, sir?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 2g,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; (2)
text: The doctor comes over and touches the face of the dead man,
text: The doctor reacts, Slowly, he raises his eyes, looks into
dialog: Tibbs',
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Am I mistaken? Or has rigor
dialog: begun?
dialog: noc
dialog: It has:
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: You notice, too, that post-mortem
dialog: lividity is present in the lower
dialog: portions?
text: Doe looks down at the ankles, has to nod,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: So the time of death really has
dialog: to be earlier, Would you agree?
text: Impressed, the doctor begins to nod,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (to Gillespie)
dialog: We'll be able to pinpoint it once
dialog: I get the thermometer, As you
dialog: know, sir, the loss of heat from
dialog: the brain is the most reliable
dialog: index to the elapsed time since
dialog: terminal death,
text: Tibbs considers the doctor and Ulam.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Which of you gentlemen will assist
dialog: me?
text: Nobody moves, but the jangling of the telephone at that
text: moment breaks the spell of the white men's astonishment in
dialog: the face of such professionalism from a colored man, Ulam
text: picks up the phone,
speaker_heading: * ULAM
dialog: Ulam's Funeral Home,
dialog: (listening, then)
dialog: For you, Chief,
text: Gillespie takes the phone,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Gillespie...
dialog: (listening)
dialog: Right avay,
speaker_heading: (SONTINUED)
dialog: Revised 9/8/66 Bu.
dialog: 6a
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: 65A
speaker_heading: 65B
speaker_heading: 65C
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: He hangs up, starts for the decr, stops, looks back at
dialog: Ulam and Doc Stuart.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Wood tried to stop Harvey Oberst
text: up on Polk Street. Oberst took
dialog: off.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Whatever Virgil wants, get him,
dialog: hear?
text: He gees out.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Where can I wash - before we
dialog: start?
speaker_heading: ULAM
dialog: (a long pause)
dialog: Washroom's out that door,
scene_heading: EXT. TALL GRASS - CLOSE SHOT ~ HOUND IN FULL CRY - DAWN
text: as it whips past CAMERA.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MAN'S FEET IN BOOTS
text: wading through wet, swampy grass.
scene_heading: TIGHT SHOT - HOUND
text: stopping, tired, panting.
scene_heading: TIGHT SHOT + YOUNG MAN
text: Like the hound, he stops, breaths heavily.
scene_heading: LONG PAN SHOT - A PACK OF HOUND Docs
text: in full pursuit. Behind the dogs trot men with guns.
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT ~ THE QUARRY
text: is young, probably twenty, more a grown boy than a man.
text: The worn blue denims which cling to his skinny legs are
text: sodden at the knees where he has fallen in the dawn-wet
text: grass. Behind him is the SOUND of the hounds in full cry,
dialog: pressing.
dialog: Revised 9/8/66 31.
dialog: (68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: TOA
speaker_heading: 70B
speaker_heading: 70C
speaker_heading: 70D
speaker_heading: 70E
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT - AT LOW ANGLE - THE DOGS
text: followed by a panting DEPUTY SHERIFF with a shotgun.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - THE BOY
text: emerging from thick undergrowth. He stops close to CAMERA,
text: looks off.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI RIVER - BOY'S POV - DAWN
text: stretching towards Arkansas. A paddle-wheel dredge boat
text: can be seen in the distance.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE BOY
text: reacting to 0.8. SOUND of hounds. He moves toward river
text: bank. CAMERA PANS him along barge-loading area.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - ACROSS PILINGS AND DESERTED CRANE-LOADING
speaker_heading: EQUIPMENT
text: as Boy scrambles up and EXITS at full speed.
scene_heading: EXT, BRUSH ~ CLOSE SHOT - DAWN
text: SHAGBAG MARTIN, a deputy, as he pushes through undergrowth,
text: hampered by a portable walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: SHAGBAG
dialog: Fetch 'im out! Fetch 'im out:
dialog: He's headin' for the river!
dialog: Over here! He's headin! for
dialog: the river!
text: As Shagbag moves past the CAMERA, we again see glimpses
dialog: of the river.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK - LONG SHOT - BOY - DAWN
text: running along river bank with a row of houses in the b.g.
text: Two or three NEGRO PEOPLE are seen emerging onto the porch
text: of a house. They silently watch the boy run by. The dogs
text: can still be HEARD in the distance.
text: EXT, PORTION OF THE STRUCTURE OF A HUGE BRIDGE ~ HIGH WIDE
speaker_heading: SHOT - DAWN .
text: showing the river in b.g. as Boy enters shot and scrambles
text: towards a maintenance ladder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 SIA.
speaker_heading: FOE
dialog: 7
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: 73A
speaker_heading: 738
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He climbs ladder into CAMERA, Breathing heavily. He slides over
text: the rail, CAMERA REVEALING highway signs marking Mississippi/
text: Arkansas border. CAMERA CONTINUES to PAN with the Boy os
text: he begins to run across the long, deserted bridge. His footsteps «
text: ECHO in the quiet of the early morning. The SHOT is HELD as
text: Gillespie's police car enters the SHOT. The police car pulls
text: * alongside the running figure.
scene_heading: INT, GILLESPIE'S POLICE CAR = SHOOTING FROM GILLES PIE'S |
speaker_heading: POV - DAWN
text: through passenger window at the running Boy. Boy faaks frantically
text: at Gillespie, starts to slow down.
scene_heading: EXT, CENTER OF THE BRIDGE - DAWN
text: as Gillespie and the Boy come toa stop.
scene_heading: INT. GILLESPIE'S POLICE CAR = CLOSE SHOT - GILLESPIE - DAWN
text: as he puts his arm on back of front seat and Icoks at Boy with no
text: mere smile than a turnip.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - CLOSE SHOT - BOY - DAWN
text: stopped. Tired. Forlorn. Done-in,
scene_heading: INT. GILLESPIE'S POLICE CAR - CLOSE SHOT - GILLESPIE - DAWN
text: SHOOTING through passenger window to include the Boy, HARVEY
speaker_heading: OBERST.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Harvey.
text: Harvey doesn't react.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Whenever you're tired, get in. x
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 75
dialog: 78
dialog: 4
dialog: 0
dialog: 605,05 oe
scene_heading: EXT, THE POLICE SPATICN - PAN SHOT - AN ul SR MCBEL ou}
speaker_heading: DAH
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: eases to a stop in fronz,
dialog: 
text: “a gets out of the sedan,
text: waves to Doc Stuart behind tie wheel, Dec nulls away as
text: Tibbs goes along the sidevalk toward a door, Tibbs carries
text: a large, well-wrapped bundle, securely tied with cord, Tibus
text: enters the door marked POLICE,
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, THE FOYER AND RECEPTICN AREA - FULL SHOT - DAWN
text: Tibbs comes in, discovers the area is untenanted, He starts
text: toward the Chief's office, even as its door opens and George
text: Courtney comes out, Seeing Tibbs, George vaises a hushing
text: finger to his lips, closes Gillespie's door, gestures inside
dialog: secretively.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (voice low)
dialog: lirs, Colbert,
speaker_heading: TIERS
dialog: How did she take it?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Chief had to leave ‘fore she got
dialog: here, She still don't iknow,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TISBS
dialog: frowns,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: es George settles in front of his desk, Tibt
text: bundle down, Leads toward Gillespie's offi George Looks
text: surprised as he sees what Tibbs is doing - opening the door
dialog: of Gillespie's office,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: ({inore a complaint,
dialog: than a cormand)
dialog: Can't go in there, boy!
scene_heading: TT, GILLESPIE'S OFFICE - A WOMAN - DAWN
text: stands at the window, looking out at the besinning day,
text: Hearing the door open, she turns,
scene_heading: FROM HER ANGLE - TIBBS
text: in the doorway,
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - THE WOMAN
text: 4s MRS, LESLIE COLBERT, in her late thirties. She has
text: dressed hastily. Her hair is still uncombed, Yet there is
text: nothing in her eyes to indicate she attaches anything one
dialog: way or another to Tibbs! skin color,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - TI53S
text: comes into the room and closes the door, He can see that
text: the woman is trying hard to remain calm, but his arrival
text: seems to trigger a flood of questions,
speaker_heading: MRS. COLBERT
dialog: Where's my husband? What's
dialog: happened? Why won't anybody tell
dialog: me what's happened? He's all
dialog: right, isn't he? Nothing's
dialog: happened, has it?
dialog: The barrage stops, The silence would be overwhelming were
text: it not for the squeal of the overhead fan,
text: Tibbs crosses to the switch, flips off the switch, Now the
text: room is truly quiet,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Your husband is dead, Mrs, Colbert,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - MRS, COLBERT
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: wanting to make it easier, knowing no other way but this way.
speaker_heading: FAVORING MRS, COLBERT
text: She could be some stricken animal, standing alongside a road,
text: next to its mate which has just been struck down by a
text: passing truck,
speaker_heading: MRS. COLBERT
dialog: (finally)
dialog: ow?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Somebody - killed him,
speaker_heading: MRS, COLBERT
dialog: (from a great distance)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: we
dialog: -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
text: Tibbs shakes his head,
speaker_heading: MRS. COLBERT
dialog: It's - hot in here,
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Don't you think?
text: Tibbs turns on the fan again, It resumes its dry protest,
speaker_heading: MRS, COLBERT
dialog: Thank you,
text: She stands motionless, her eyes on the floor,
speaker_heading: MRS, COLBERT
dialog: If you - don't mind... may I -
dialog: be alone?
text: Tibbs goes out and closes the door behind him,
scene_heading: INT, THE FOYER SWITCHBOARD - TIBBS
text: stands with his back to the door, He looks across at:
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - GEORGE
text: watching him curiously.
speaker_heading: FAVORING TIBBS
text: as he hears the first muted sob break from the woman inside,
text: It hits at Tibbs the way it always does, no matter how many
text: times he has gone through it, that first wrench bursting
dialog: free,
text: In the b.g., Chief Gillespie storms in with Sam, two officers
text: and the prisoner from the swamp, County sheriffs bringing up
dialog: the rear,
text: Gillespie pushes his manacled prisoner ahead of him, then
text: past Tibbs who has eased aside, Gillespie opens the door
text: to his office, starts to shove the prisoner inside,
speaker_heading: " ‘TIBBS
dialog: Mrs, Colbert's inside, I told
dialog: her,
text: Gillespie gives him a dark, disapproving look,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV, 9/10/65 35.
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: go
dialog: gu
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Sir!
text: Gillespie looks back at hin.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: About the examination I made av
dialog: Ulamts - you want to know what I
dialog: found?
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - GILLESPIE
text: He's riding high. He's suddenly almost jovial,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Around here, Virgil, we don't
dialog: need books and microscopes,
dialog: Around here we just go out and
dialog: pring our man in, You tell that
dialog: to your Chief. You tell him we
dialog: don't need nis help ~ or yours)
speaker_heading: PAVORING TIGsS
text: He seems not to be listening to Gillespie. Instead he
text: reaches down, lifts the bound vrists of the prisoer, looks
text: at them closely,
scene_heading: TIRBS' POV ~ CLOSE ANGLE ON THE MANACLED "RISTS
scene_heading: FAVORING GILLESPIE
text: annoyed by Tibvs' scrutiny of the wrists,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (to the prisoner)
dialog: Cimon, boy! In there!
text: He pushes the prisoner inside.
scene_heading: FAVORING SAM AND THE OTHER OFFICERS
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's tellin' him, Chief!
speaker_heading: . GEORGE
dialog: Now we're grindint corn!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
text: “IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT" 36,
dialog: Rev, 8/3/66
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: g4
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gillespie withers them with a look, But Tibbs pays no
text: attention to them, Instead he is staring into the Chief's
dialog: office,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TIBBS
dialog: as he continues to study:
scene_heading: PROM HIS ANGLE - THE YCUNG MAN
text: with his cuffed hands, He stands there, head down, as Mrs,
text: Colbert stares at him, shocked and unbelieving and confused,
speaker_heading: FAVORING TIBBS
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Did he conress?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: He will,
text: Confidently, ne gces inside, slams the door in Tibbs! face,
text: Tibbs turns back, sees now the white officers stare at hin,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: The man you arrested - is he
dialog: left-handed?
speaker_heading: ‘ SAM
dialog: How do I know?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
text: His left wrist and arm looked
text: thicker than his right,
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: I think Harvey is a lefty. Hey,
dialog: Shagbag, ain't he?
speaker_heading: SHAGBAG
dialog: What if he is? What's that make
dialog: him?
text: The officers turn back to Tibbs,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Innocent.
dialog: The officers react,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: REV, 9/15/06 37.
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
scene_heading: INT, GILLESPIE'S OFFICE ~ MED. FULL SHOT - EARLY MORNING
text: as Gillespie alternately studies his prisoner and Mrs,
text: Colbert, The woman turns from the young man with a kind of
text: inward shudder, sees how Gillespie looks at her with his icy
dialog: eyes,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I won't keep you, Mrs. Colbert.
dialog: I just want to ask you - this
dialog: belong to your husband?
text: He holds out an expersive-looking alligator-skin wallet,
text: Despite her grief, the woman nods,
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: (an outery)
dialog: I picked it up, I tell y'! He
dialog: was already lyin' there. It was
dialog: lyin! there next to him, If L
dialog: hadn't took it, somebody else
dialog: wouldat I jes' picked it up,
dialog: Shat's all I didt
text: Gillespie opens the door, propels the young man into the
dialog: reception area,
dialog: Book him!
text: Gillespie turns back to Leslie Coloert.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Can I have someone drive you to
dialog: the mortuary?
text: She nods her head, gets up, moves in shock toward the door,
speaker_heading: : MRS, COLBERT
dialog: Could someone call our office
dialog: at the hotelt,., Tell them where
dialog: Tl be,
text: She goes out of his office, he following.
scene_heading: Int, THE RECEPTION AREA - FULL SHOT - EARLY MORNING
text: as the woman and Gillespie come out, Gillespie discovers,
text: with some annoyance, that Tibbs is still hanging around, Not
text: only hanging around, but settled beside one of the four desks
text: in the muster room, His suitcase and a wrapped bundle on the
text: desk in front of hin,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV. 7/28/66
speaker_heading: oT
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Martin, you take Mrs. Colbert
dialog: over to Ulam's. Wood, you run
text: Virgil down to the depot.
dialog: 38.
text: Mrs. Colbert has already started toward the door, Tibbs
text: gets to his feet. Sam, bursting with the news and daring
text: to bait the Chief, eases forward.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Virgil here, Chief - he thinks
dialog: Harvey's innocent.
text: The other officers have been waiting for this moment, anti-
text: cipating Gillespie's outraged reaction. At the door Mrs.
text: Colbert stands frozen by the statement. Gillespie simply
text: stares from Sam to Tibbs.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I'll be damned!
text: Tibbs glances across at Mrs. Colbert, sees
text: ids reluctant to pursue the matter in front
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (to Gillespie)
dialog: Could I - talk to you about it -
dialog: privately?
text: It is too much for Gillespie. He lets out
dialog: bull.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Look here, Virgil!
text: He waves the dead man's wallet in front of
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Colbert's wallet. We took it
dialog: off Oberst! You think Mister
dialog: Colbert just handed it to him?
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: I don't know. Oberst might
dialog: have cone along - after the
dialog: crime - found it ~ picked it
dialog: up. I don't know.
speaker_heading: MRS. COLBERT
dialog: . (still in shock)
dialog: That's what the boy said he did.
dialog: her reaction,
dialog: of her.
dialog: acry, as froma
text: Tibbs' face.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: i say different!
text: He glares at Tibbs dangerously,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: When I examined the deceased, 1%
dialog: was evident the fatal blow had
text: been struck at an angle of
dialog: seventeen degrees from the right,
dialog: making it almost certain the
text: assailant is right-handed,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: What's that got to do with the
dialog: price of cotton?
speaker_heading: SHAGBAG
dialog: (enjoying this
dialog: bombshe11)
dialog: Harvts left-handed, Chief,
dialog: Everybody in town knows that,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE
dialog: reacting,
scene_heading: ANGLED ON MRS, COLBERT
text: as something in her starts to churn,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ‘
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Pretty sure of yourself, aren't
dialog: you, Virgil? Virgil: Pretty
dialog: fancy name for a colored boy like
dialog: yout What do they call you up
dialog: in Philadelphia?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: They call mé Mister Tibbs,
dialog: This is too much for the frustrated Gillespie, He concen-
dialog: trates on Sam,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You get this man down to that
dialog: depot, Wood ~ and I mean NOW!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV, 9/15/05 : Le,
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: CONTIZHUED :
text: Tibbs gives Gillespie a lonz look, then slowly, deliberately,
text: picks up his suitcase and the wrapped parcel
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (quietly angry)
dialog: itll have the FBI lab send you
dialog: the reports from this, Not that
dialog: it'll make any difference,,.
scene_heading: FAVORING MRS. COLBERT
text: She has moved back into the center of the area and now con~
text: fronts Gillespie, who is being hit from all sides.
speaker_heading: MRS, COLBERT
dialog: My God! What kind of - place
dialog: is this?
dialog: (it's been building
dialog: ia her)
dialog: It won't work. You hear me? I
dialog: know somebody had my husband
dialog: killed} I'm not going to let you
dialog: cover up!
text: She gives him a final damming Look, moves resolutely to the
text: door and goes out,
text: There is a long, agonized silence during which all eyes focus
text: on Gillespie, Gillespie, not knowing quite now to cope with
text: the developments, fixes his ire and his bafflement on Tibbs,
text: He reaches for the parcel Tibbs holds.
speaker_heading: GILLESF IE
dialog: I'il take that:
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (cool, shaking
dialog: his head}
dialog: I'm sending it in. Personally!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (almost shouting it)
dialog: Lock him up, Wood! Withholding
text: evidence. Lock him up with Oberst,
dialog: They make a sweet pair!
text: Gillespie goes into his office and slams his door. At once
text: the other officers break into derisive, delighted laughter,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: LOL
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: hay
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sam even claps a congratulatory hand on Tibbs! ‘shoulder as
text: he leads him off toward the cells, CAMERA MOVING with the
dialog: two men,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nobody threw your brains to the
dialog: hogs, Virgil, that's for damn
dialog: sure}
scene_heading: INT, THE CELLBLOCK - ANGLED ON TIBBS AND SAM
text: coming down the corridor past a row of unoccupied cells,
text: Sam stops in front of the one cell which is occupied.
text: Harvey Oberst is slumped disconsolately on one of two
text: cots, but when he sees Sam unlocking the bars and bringing
text: in a Negro as his cellmate, he jumps to his feet,
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Man, not in here: Put him
dialog: somewheres else!
text: Sam ignores the protest, closes Tibbs inside with Oberst,
text: goes off down the corridor even as Oberst calls after him,
dialog: pleading.
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: You hear me? How come in here’
dialog: Hey!
text: But the clanging of a distant door mari:s Sam's response,
text: Now the silence comes down over the cell block,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE ~ OBERST
text: watching Tibbs. Tibbs pays no attention to the white man,
text: Tibbs settles on his own bunk, leans his head against the
text: wall, closes his eyes, not in sleep, but in thought, Oberst
text: continues to glare at him,
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: What you doin! wearin! white
dialog: man's clothes?
text: Tibbs opens his eyes, considers the hostile young man in the
text: torn shirt and tattered blue jeans.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: I bought them from a white man,
text: Oberst advances on him,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 9/10/05
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED:
dialog: He flashes
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Who you thiak you are, boy?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: All you got,
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: (a sudden shout)
dialog: I don't need yout
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Look, Harv...
text: his police badge. Oberst stares at it, frowns,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: I'm on your side,
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: (reading the
dialog: badge number)
dialog: Powleece, Philadelphia. You?
dialog: You're a - cop?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Revised 9/8/56 43,
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: (2)
text: Tibbs nods.
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Yeah? So how come they locked
dialog: you up? How come they'd go lock
dialog: up @ cop?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Who says they locked me up? How
dialog: come - with all these empty cells
dialog: - they put me in with you? Dig?
text: Oberst stares at him another moment, then turns, grabs at
dialog: the bars.
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: (an outburst)
dialog: Look, I already told 'em! I
dialog: see this fella lyin' on the
dialog: street there - this wallet next
dialog: to him ~ I mean, boy, I come
dialog: into this world outa luck. Here's
dialog: the first good thing to come my
dialog: way. I pick it up. But when I
dialog: see whose wallet it is, I mean I
dialog: start to sweat!
text: Oberst turns back from the bars,
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But I heard about this new Chie?,
dialog: this Gillespie - got no more
dialog: smile 'n a turnip, so I cut across
dialog: the fields and got myself far as
dialog: the river 'fore them dogs treed me.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: When did you find the wallet?
dialog: What time?
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: I ain't got no watch. But I know
dialog: it was after two from the court
dialog: house clock,
speaker_heading: - TIBBS
dialog: I'm interested in eleven to two.
dialog: Where were you?
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Shootin! pool - Larry's Lounge.
dialog: Got there ‘bout ten.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Revised 9/8/66
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: ka,
dialog: (3)
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: And left - when?
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Not 'til closin' - after one.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Witnesses who can speak for you?
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Packy - Bert - Les.
text: Tibbs nods, pleased.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Ever been in trouble with the
dialog: police before?
text: Oberst doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (continuing)
text: T can ask at the desk.
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Well, they brought me in one
dialog: time 'count of Delores Purdy.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: On what charge?
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: This Delores ~ she's real proud
dialog: of what nature done ror her, y'
dialog: know? We're on a date, up to
dialog: Clarke's Point. Anyway, she
dialog: asks me - you see - she asks
dialog: me ~ don't I think she gota
dialog: classy build an' I say sure and
dialog: she starts to show me - I didn't
dialog: do nothin' wrong. I just -
dialog: didn't stop her from tryin' to
dialog: prove her point. Then this cop
dialog: ‘Sam Wood - he comes outa the bush
dialog: and hauls me in.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Apparently, they let you go.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Rev. 9/16/66
dialog: 103
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Tole me not to mess with her
dialog: no more. She lives over on
dialog: Third, ‘bout a block from me.
text: Walks around the house in the
dialog: altogether. An' after dark -
dialog: with the lights on! Well,
dialog: somebody sure oughta make her
dialog: stop doin' that!
text: Tibbs smiles wryly, knowing he is hearing the truth. He
text: gets off the bunk.
speaker_heading: TIBBS °
dialog: Let me see your hands.
text: Harvey looks puzzled, tut holds them out. Tibbs soes
text: over them carefully, front and back.
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: What you doin'?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Hold still. Hold still.
text: Tibbs takes a file from his pocket, digs under one of the
text: young man's nails, examines the scraping carefully.
text: Suddenly he smiles at Oberst, a wide, bright smile full of
text: confidence, then turns, discovers that Gillespie and Wood
text: are Standing there, outside, in the corridor, watching.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (quiet now and calm)
dialog: Give him the waiver, Wood - for
dialog: false arrest.
text: Sam passes it through.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: And a pen!
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Forget it!
speaker_heading: : GILLESPIE
dialog: Sign!
text: Tibbs shrugs, signs, hands paper and pen back to Sam,
speaker_heading: GILLES PIz
dialog: Let him out, Wood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 9/16/55
speaker_heading: 103 «CONTINUED: (5}
text: Wood opens the cell door and Tiots comes out with his ,
text: Wood locks Oberst in - by himself now,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (to Tibbs)
dialog: You can catch the twelve-ten,
dialog: Oh, and on your way you just go
dialog: ahead and mail in that neat little
dialog: parcel of yours to the FBI,
text: With Tibbs, they start away down the corridor, Oberst looking
text: after them plaintively,
scene_heading: 104 MOVING SHOT - THE GROUP
text: as they head out toward the muster room,
speaker_heading: TIBsS
dialog: (to Gillespie)
dialog: I've asked them to send the
dialog: results to you. Meanwhile, it
dialog: might not be a bad idea if youtd
dialog: release Harvey Oberst, His only
dialog: mistake was taking a wallet fron
dialog: where somebody deliberately planted
dialog: it, At the time of the murder, he
dialog: was somewhere else - and I think
dialog: he can prove that,
text: They leave the cell corridor,
scene_heading: 105 INT, THE RECEPTION AREA - MORNING
text: as Tibbs, Gillespie and Sam come out of the corridor.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Sure, I forgot, You're that
text: city-boy - bright as a bird and
dialog: twice as proud - who checks the
dialog: brain with a thermometer, You
dialog: probably know the exact time
dialog: Colbert was killed,
speaker_heading: : TIBSS
dialog: About 12:30 - while Harvey was
dialog: still shooting pool, There's cue
dialog: chalk under his nails - not dried
dialog: blood, Harvey never camé near
text: the actual scene of the crime.
text: Gillespie blows out his breath,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: REV. 9/16/06 Aq,
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ;
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Thank the Lord I don't live in
dialog: Philadelphiat Wouldn'+ thet be
dialog: a sad come~-up?
text: Tibbs picks up his suitcase, moves toward the front door,
text: When he reaches it, he looks back at Gillespie,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Colbert was killed somewhere else,
dialog: then moved to Main dtreet - to
dialog: the place where Wood - and Harvey -
dialog: found him,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - GILLESPIE
dialog: reacting to this bombshell,
speaker_heading: TISBS
text: moves to the door,
dialog: Goodbye, Chie?r,
text: Tibbs goes out, closing the door after nix Nobody moves
text: for what seems to be an eternity - until Gillespie tums
dialog: toward nis officers,
dialog: 
dialog: GILLES? If
dialog: “tood!
speaker_heading: SAB
dialog: Yes, sir?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Aren't you supposed to be off-
dialog: duty at eight?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Only five after, sir, And I
dialog: don't want to miss nothin', I
dialog: mean, I want to do what I can,
dialog: case you need me,
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (chiming in)
dialog: That's it, Chief,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (a low sigh)
dialog: Courtney!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 43,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes, sir,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Change the charge to theft,
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (reacting)
dialog: Harv? From murder - to theft?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: We got anybody else locked up
dialog: back there?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: No, sir,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Then do what I tell yout
text: Gillespie slams his office door, George throws up his
text: hands, Then the switchboard lights up. George takes the
text: incoming call.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Police Department, Yes, he's
dialog: here, Hold on, sir,.,
text: George rings Gillespie's office,
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Mayor on the line, Chief,
text: He closes the switch, looks up at the wall clock,
speaker_heading: GEORGE
text: Half a buck says fifteen seconds,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ten!
text: They watch the second’ hand sweep around, It has passed
text: eight seconds when Gillespie's door flies open and the
text: Texan comes out,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: I'll-be with the Mayor,
text: He goes out, Ten seconds have elapsed, George fishes out
text: a half-dollar, lobs it across to Sam who catches it,
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: REVISED 10/21/66 ~- “IN THE HEAT OP THE NIGHT" 49
dialog: 
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: THRU
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: 118A
scene_heading: EXT, THE STREET - PAN SHOT ~ GILLESPIE'S PATROL CAR - MORNING
text: swings out of the police parking area, sli:ies into early
dialog: morning traffic.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. FARM IMPLEMENT AGENCY - FULL SHOT - MORNING
text: Gillespie emerges from his police car and enters the showroom,
scene_heading: INT. SHOWROOM - MORNING
text: THE CAMERA TRACKS Gillespie across the showroom toward a glass-
text: enclosed, partitioned office. Inside the office we see MAYOR
text: WEBB SCHUBERT. Mrs. Leslie Colbert is with him. Gillespie
text: enters the office and interrupts them in mid-confrontation,
scene_heading: INT. GLASS-ENCLOSED OFFICE
text: as Gillespie enters,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (a nod to Mrs. Colbert,
dialog: then to the Mayor )
dialog: Morning, Mayor.
text: The Mayor looks from Mrs. Colbert to Gillespie glumly.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Hardly a good one, Chief, What's
dialog: this Mrs. Colbert's telling me
dialog: about a - a cover-up arrest?
text: Gillespie levels a long look at the woman.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I dropped the charge, Mrs. Colbect.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Insufficient evidence.
speaker_heading: . MAYOR
dialog: (vastly relieved)
dialog: I told you he was nobody's man!
dialog: That's why we reached into Texas
dialog: to find him!
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: REVISED 10/21/66
speaker_heading: 118A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED +
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: MRS. COLBERT
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: I never knew much about - my
dialog: husband's work... but I always
dialog: knew - what mattered to him.
dialog: Building this factory - here -
dialog: in this town - that mattered.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
scene_heading: REV. 9/8/66
speaker_heading: 118A CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MRS, COLBERT (cont'd)
dialog: (another beat)
dialog: I'm going to see it gets done.
dialog: But only on one condition!
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Mrs. Colbert, I'm grateful.
dialog: Believe me - real grateful! I
dialog: mean, I wouldn't blame you if you
dialog: just packed wp all those engineers
dialog: and blueprints and took 'em
dialog: someplace else. Wouldn't blame you
dialog: a bit!
speaker_heading: MRS, COLBERT
dialog: (too quietly)
dialog: That's what Mr. Endicott is
dialog: counting on, isn't he?
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Well, now you have to try to
dialog: understand how a man like Endicott
dialog: looks at these things.
speaker_heading: MRS. COLBERT
dialog: Oh, but I do!
dialog: (a beat, then her
dialog: eyes on Gillespie)
dialog: I came by to - to make it as
dialog: clear as I possibly can - I don't
dialog: want that Negro officer taken off
dialog: this case!
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (astonished, turning
dialog: to Gillespie)
dialog: Negro - officer?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: From Philadelphia. Just -
text: passing through.
speaker_heading: MRS. COLBERT
dialog: If it weren't for him, your
dialog: impartial Chief of Police would
dialog: still have the wrong person
text: behind bars.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I said I had a condition. I want
dialog: that officer given a free hand.
dialog: I want the guilty parties arrested -
dialog: no matter who they are!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV. 9/8/66 51a.
speaker_heading: 118A CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: MRS. COLBERT (cont'd)
dialog: (a final beat)
dialog: Otherwise, I'll do exactly what
dialog: you say you wouldn't blame me
dialog: for doing - I'll pack up my
dialog: husband's engineers and...
dialog: (an inditement)
dialog: «.- leave you to yourselves!
text: She turns, goes out, the Mayor and Gillespie looking after
dialog: her.
scene_heading: 119 CLOSER ANGLE - FAVORING GILLESPIE
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (finaily)
dialog: I want to see you come through
dialog: this! You hear?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Even if it turns out Endicott's
dialog: got a toe in the trough?
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Even hat.
dialog: (another deat) .
dialog: But do it fast. Now what about
dialog: this Negro officer? She seems to
dialog: have a lot of confidence in him.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Some kind of - homicide expert -
dialog: so he says. But I don't need him!
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: You mean, you don't want him!
dialog: But you do need him!
dialog: (a. beat)
text: Suppose he turns up the killer.
dialog: He has no police power here.
dialog: He'll have to hand him over on
dialog: a platter. Right? And if he
dialog: fails, you're off the hook, It
dialog: was Mrs. Colbert's idea in the
dialog: first place, see what I mean?
dialog: It works all the way around, for
dialog: all of us.
text: Gillespie takes a deep breath, goes out.
dialog: cut To:
speaker_heading: REV, 9/16/
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 
dialog: 52,
scene_heading: EXT, THE TRAIN STATION - MOVING SHOT WITH TIBBS - MORNING
text: as he steps onto the train platform. Aside from a white
text: baggage supervisor in a worn uniform no one else is on the
text: platform, The supervisor is checking a shipment.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Is there a place around here I
dialog: can get something to eat?
speaker_heading: BAGGAGE MASTER
dialog: Well - there's Mary's - 'cross
dialog: town,
speaker_heading: TISbS
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: Thanks,
text: He starts away,
speaker_heading: BAGGAGE MASTER
text: Boy! Machine in the waiting room
dialog: - candy and peanut bars,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Thank you,
dialog: {a faint smile)
dialog: Anmway.
text: Tibbs moves away, CAMERA MOVING with him until he comes to
text: the same door through which only a few hours earlier San
text: Wood had hustled him. Tibbs puts down his suitcase and
text: settles himself on a baggage wagon, He loosens his tie, dis-
text: covers Gillespie coming dowa the platform toward him,
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TIBRBS ‘
dialog: reacting.
scene_heading: HIS POV - GILLESPIE
dialog: coming closer,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - TIBBS AND GILLESPIE
text: as the Chief stops near Tibbs,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: This train - any reason you got
dialog: to catch it today?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: REY, 9/10/56
dialog: 123
scene_heading: CONT TINUED ;
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Lots of reasons,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Guess I have been pretty rough,
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: That's not one of them,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: If I asked you to stay a while,
dialog: what would you say?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (almost smiling)
dialog: No,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Be a world of satisfaction in
dialog: norsewhinping you, Virgil!
speaker_heading: TIBRS
dialog: My father used to say that, Even
dialog: Go it - now and then,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Not enough to suit met
text: Gillespie pulls out a thin cigar, lights it, blows out smoke,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: This town needs a factory,., Mister
dialog: Colbert - he came down from Chicago
dialog: to build one, A lot of people
dialog: are for that, But a lot are against
dialog: it, too, I've heard it told he'd
dialog: be hiring as many as a thousand men
dialog: *- half of ‘em colored, Know what
dialog: that could mean, Virgil?
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: It probably got him killed.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: That's what-Mrs. Colbert claims,
dialog: She wants us to catch her a killer.
dialog: No killer, no factory, that's
dialog: abtut the size of it, It means
dialog: joos for colored, you follow me?
speaker_heading: - TIBBS
dialog: It; going home:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REY, 9/10/06 5h,
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: But they're
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: You trying to m me bes you?
dialog: That what you're after?
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Chief, I'm up to here with your
dialog: towns
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Now, voy, for once I'm going to
dialog: hold my cemper} I'm telling you,
dialog: you're staying: You're going to
dialog: stay right here and help me beat
dialog: this killing if I have to call
dialog: your Chief back and remind hin
dialog: what he ordered you to do!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Tibbs reacts and Gilles:
text: jie sees that Tibbs realizes this
dialog: stratagem would indeed +
dialog: ian
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: But I wontt have to do that
dialog: because you're just’ so damned
dialog: smart, sO much brighter than all
dialog: the rest of us poor stupid white
dialog: men, you're going to stay just to
dialog: show us! Your head's so big you
dialog: could never live with yourself
dialog: unless you put us all to shane,
dialog: Virgil, you going to pass up a
dialog: chance like that?
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: You make it very tempting.
text: The two men stare at each other a long moment, their faces
text: hard and unfricadlir, Then dillespie turns, starts back along
dialog: the platform,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Rev, 8/3/66
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (3)
dialog: ei]
dialog: &
speaker_heading: S
text: ~ Tibbs picks up his suitcase and slowly follows hin,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124 EXT, A GARAGE IN THE NEGRO PART OF TOWN ~ SHOT - DAY
text: We are below ground level in a grease pit with a huge Negro
text: who is grease-gunning a car squatting above us,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 35.
dialog: 124
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Negro has a barrel-chest and massive arms. He wears a cotton
text: T-shirt. He observes four ankles pacing in above him, hears:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: dess!
text: Jess comes up a short flight of wooden steps.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Now we see the broken-down garage, the carcass of a cannibalized
text: car bleaching in the morning sun, caissons of worn tires, the scattering
text: of broken parts, and adjoining the garage and gasoline pumps a shabby
text: house from which the laughter of children rings brightly. Jess wipes
text: his hands on a rag, looks past Gillespie at Tibbs.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: This is Virgil, Jess. He's working for me.
dialog: He needs something that runs. You fix
dialog: something up ?
speaker_heading: JESS
dialog: What | fix, runs. Who pays?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Police.
text: Jess nods. Tibbs removes his suitcase and his book from the patrol car,
speaker_heading: CILLESPIE
dialog: {to Tibbs)
dialog: You know where to find me.
text: Gillespie gets into the car, swings out end oway, the dust from his
text: spinning rear tires hanging cloud=like.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - JESS AND TIBaS
dialog: measure each other.
speaker_heading: 4ESS
dialog: Goftly suspiciously)
dialog: What're y' doin' here, man? x
speaker_heading: TiBBS
dialog: Policeman,
speaker_heading: JESS
dialog: You're a policeman,here? In Sparta? *
dialog: {Continued)
speaker_heading: REV.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 9/15/65
speaker_heading: CONTINUED;
dialog: rea)
speaker_heading: oN
speaker_heading: TIBBS
text: Passing through,
speaker_heading: JESS
dialog: The slow way, looks t'me,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: They had a murder, They don't
dialog: know what to do with it. They
dialog: need a whipping boy,
speaker_heading: JESS
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: How you gon! keep both feet on
dialog: the ground?
speaker_heading: TIRBS
dialog: By finding out who did it,
speaker_heading: JESS
dialog: You got a roof?
speaker_heading: TIEBS
dialog: I'll find a motel,
text: Jess laughs to himself, but out loud, and picks up Tibbs!
dialog: suitcase, :
speaker_heading: JESS
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Viola!
text: A woman, surprisingly young, opens the back door, looks out
text: Tuo children, owl-eyed, cling to her dress, peer out at the
dialog: stranger,
speaker_heading: JESS
dialog: Company,
text: Tibbs, unused to this kind of hospitality, stands, unmoving,
speaker_heading: JESS
dialog: Come on, man, come on,
text: Jess moves off with his bag toward the back door, Tibbs at
dialog: last following,
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
text: EXT, MAIN STREET OF SPARTA - ANGLED DOWN ON THE CHALK OUTLINE
text: OF THE MURDERED HAN - DAY .
text: Tibbs! feet enter SHOT, Tibbs kneels into SHOT, Sam Wood
text: kneels also as CAMERA LOWERS TO HOLD the men in a TWO SHOT.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV, 9/15/06 57.
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Tibbs is examining the pavement around the chalk outline, In
text: the t.g. we can see the BLUR of the crowd pressing around and
dialog: watening,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I hear you right, Virgil, back
dialog: at the station? You told the
dialog: Chief Mister Colbert wasn't killed
dialog: here?
text: Tibbs runs his palm across the surface of the pavement,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (absently)
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well, now, Virgil, I'm not a fella
dialog: who's too proud to borrow milk,
dialog: Itd be obliged you was to tell me
dialog: how you figured that.
text: Tibbs concentrates on the chalk outline,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: From the photographs you showed
dialog: me, Now itm sure, -
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Just from lookin'?
speaker_heading: TTEBS
dialog: Where's the blood?
text: Sam looks back at the pavenent, Surprisingly enough, there
dialog: is little if any dried blood,
speaker_heading: TISBS
text: When a man dics, blood pressure
text: falls to zero, Bleeding stops,
text: In short, Mister Wood, dead bodies
dialog: don't bleed,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Tibbs rises,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: You have a public Library?
text: Sam rises, too, ,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV. 9/28/66 58.
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SAN
dialog: Main and Jacksen ~ that way - Walkin'
dialog: distance ... Mind tellin'me what that's
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
text: Back issues of the paper. Weather reports.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (baffled)
dialog: Weather reports?
text: Tibbs ducks under the barricade, moves swiftly toward the sidewalk.
text: The baffled Sam looks up at the sky, as though expecting to find the
text: answer to the crime revealed there in the clouds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, POLICE STATION - CHIEF GILLESPIE ~ DAY
text: boils out of the door marked POLICE, CAMERA PANNING him around
text: the corner of the building, then up the street to doors marked CITY CLERK .
text: He disappears inside. .
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT, COUNCIL ROOM - THE MEN - DAY
text: stop talking as Gillespie comes in, closes the door after him. All but
text: one of the five council members are in shirt sleeves, jackets over the
text: backs of their chairs. One man - ERIC ENDICOTT - has kept his
text: jacket on, Fans emplaced along the table create a slight humming sound.
text: At the head of the table sits Schubert, the Mayor.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Boys asked me to cail you over ...
text: He motions to an empty chair next to him. Gillespie igneres the
dialog: gesture, remains standing,
dialog: (Continued)
speaker_heading: REV.
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 9/8/66 59,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: . try and clear the air.
text: One of the men - WATKINS ~- leans demandingly toward
dialog: Gillespie.
speaker_heading: WATKINS
dialog: Just two things: What's bein!
dialog: done? An' what's goin' on?
scene_heading: FAVORING GILLESPIE
text: He lights one of the long thin cigars he carries in his
text: breast pocket. He blows out smoke, watches the fan catch
text: and twirl it around. Gillespie makes no attempt to hide
text: his personal distaste for the Councilmen.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Isn't that one and the same
dialog: question?
speaker_heading: WATKINS
dialog: I mean, we wanta know what's bein!
dialog: done to clear up the killin'.
dialog: Aud we wanta know what's this about
dialog: a nigger cop. Don't tell me that's
dialog: one and the same question!
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Gillespie wasn't in favor of him -
dialog: I insisted.
text: There is a horrendous, judgmental silence.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: I insisted because Mrs. Colbert
dialog: asked me to!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 133
dialog: 60,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Some of the men react - this puts things in a different
text: light, A second councilman - DENNIS - instantly sides with
dialog: the Mayor,
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I say Webb done right, I say -
dialog: keep her happy, Was her husband
dialog: got killed, She wants a
dialog: chimpanzee to investigate, I say
dialog: we put a chimpanzee on the job}
speaker_heading: SHUIE
dialog: (a third Councilman)
dialog: I'il buy that!
speaker_heading: WATKINS
dialog: Not me} That buck runnint
dialog: loose, askin' questions of folks
dialog: like he thinks he is somebody,
dialog: You know what's goin' to happen?
dialog: He'!1l get himself killed. You
dialog: watch ant sce he don'tt
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: I'm aware of the risk, Tom, But,
dialog: like it or not, we're stuck with
dialog: him
speaker_heading: WATKINS
dialog: (deprecating)
dialog: Not if our Chief here was on the
dialog: ball! What about it, Chief?
dialog: You got the killer in your front
dialog: sights?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (too defensively)
dialog: I've got my irons out, don't
dialog: worry!
speaker_heading: WATKINS
dialog: (pressing)
dialog: Ever investigate a killin' before,
dialog: Mister Gillespie?
speaker_heading: MAYOR
text: Tom, climb off Gillespie's back
dialog: now! You know damn well we
dialog: didn't hire him off a homicide
dialog: squad!
speaker_heading: WATKINS
dialog: Well, this'11 be his week,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
speaker_heading: ON
dialog: fo
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: WATKINS (cont!a)}
dialog: ‘Cause Colbert's orly the start,
dialog: I say this nigger won't live past
dialog: Saturday,
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Well, I say he stays on the job!
dialog: We can use all the help we can
dialog: get. Faster this gets cleared
dialog: up, faster we'll get back to
dialog: normal, And if Tibbs fails down
dialog: on the job, we've got a handy
dialog: scapegoat for Mrs, Colbert,
speaker_heading: SHUIE
dialog: Itll buy that:
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: What do you say, Eric?
text: They all look at the one man who has not yet spoken - Eric
dialog: Endicott, He has a crag of a head, a noble head, actually,
text: with eyes ablaze with inner brilliance, He has two care-
text: less spouts of moustache jutting down on either side of his
text: Slender mouth, giving him a Faulknerian grandeur,
speaker_heading: FAVORING ENDIccTT
speaker_heading: ENDIcorr
dialog: I could say - I told you sc.
dialog: Could reming you I sat in this
dialog: same chair not three months back
dialog: and tried to caution you, Well,
dialog: past and done, God's pity,
text: He indicts them with his great, piercing eyes.
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: But where is your shame - your
dialog: conscience ~- if not for the dead
dialog: man and his wife -"at least for
dialog: yourselves? Gentlemen, you
dialog: killed him
text: Nobody answers or challenges him, Only Gillespie stares
text: back at him, eye to eye,
speaker_heading: ENDIcortT
dialog: When you voted to play his game,
dialog: uproot this community, turn it
dialog: into an industrial center, you
dialog: signed his death warrant,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 7/28/66 c.
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT (cont'd)
dialog: These things take time. You can't
dialog: legislate tolerance! .
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Well, it's too late to breathe
dialog: life back into Philip Coltert,
dialog: but if the man's death is to
dialog: have any meaning, stop and think
dialog: what it says! :
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: We're past speechmaking, Eric.
dialog: Mister Colbert's engineers are
text: moving fullsteam ahead. His
dialog: wife told me that this morning.
dialog: And, frankly, I'm grateful.
text: Slowly, Endicott rises, stands with immense and courtly
dialog: dignity.
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Good day, gentlemen, My best
dialog: to your families.
text: He goes out. Gillespie grinds out his cigar and starts for
dialog: the door, :
speaker_heading: WATKINS
dialog: Where you goin'?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: To work,
text: He walks out,
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. THE LOBBY OF A HOTEL - ANGLED PAST . ROW OF ZLDERLY
speaker_heading: MEN - DAY
text: sitting in sagging sofas in the worn, baroque lobby. Tibbs
text: appears in the b.g. at a front window. He looks in, follows
text: his glance by entering. The elderly types, all whites, put
dialog: down their magazines to watch.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
text: approaches the. thin-faced man at the desk. Tibbs reaches
text: into his jacket and the clerk takes a half-step back until
text: Tibbs comes out with his wallet. He opens it, displays
text: his police badge.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: REV. 7/28/66
dialog: 63, 64,
speaker_heading: 136 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TIBBS .
dialog: (closing the wallet)
dialog: I'd Like to speak to the clerk
dialog: who was on duty last night.
text: The clerk stares back at him evenly.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: He left on vacation this morning.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How about last night's list of
dialog: calls through your switchboard?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Afraid that's not possible.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (another beat}
dialog: They can be subpoenaed.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: We had a little fire. Nothing
dialog: serious. But all this week's
dialog: paperwork seems to have - gone
text: up in smoke.
speaker_heading: 137 CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: considering the thin-faced man.
speaker_heading: 138 THE MAN
text: peers back at him with a look of superiority. Behind the
text: elerk a woman plugs and unplugs calls at the small switen-
dialog: board.
text: Suddenly Tibbs moves away, toward the elevator,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 65.
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Just a minute! You can't just walk ... x
speaker_heading: 139 TIBBS
text: arrives at the elevator. A young Negro in uniform is at the controls.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
text: Mr, Colbert's suite.
text: The young Negro hesitates. He looks past Tibbs at the clerk who is
text: scampering aut fram behind the desk and coming toward them,
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: (voice low)
dialog: 327. Staircase on your left.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Thanks,
text: Tibbs reaches the staircase befere the clerk can stop him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 140 INT. THE HOTEL CORRIDOR - ANGLED ON A DOOR OPENING - DAY
text: A grave-fased man stands just inside. He is APPLETON, one of Colbert's
text: aides.
speaker_heading: _ APPLETON
dialog: Come in, Mister Tibbs. We've been
dialog: heping you'd come.
text: Tibbs enters SHOT - and the living room of the suite.
scene_heading: 141 INT. THE SUITE - DAY
text: Near the windows a sketch board has been set up and to one side a long
text: table is covered with blueprints and architectural renderings of a pro-
dialog: jected factory. .
speaker_heading: APPLETON
dialog: I'm Ted Appleton.
text: nodding toward another man
dialog: at the work table)
dialog: Mark Crowell, our engineer.
dialog: * (Continued)
dialog: 1. 7/28/66 66.
dialog: 41
dialog: we
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Tibbs nods back.
speaker_heading: APPLETON
text: Mrs, Colbert is packing.
text: He leads Tibbs to the bedroom door’, mocks. The woman's
text: voice is heard from inside.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: APPLETON
dialog: Mister Tibbs is here.
text: In a moment the door opens. Mrs. Colbert stands just
text: inside. She manages a mile, beckons Tibbs to come into
text: the bedroom. He enters past her.
scene_heading: INT, THE BEDROOM - DAY
text: Suitcases are opened on the ted and on the chairs. Both
text: Mrs, Colbert's clothes and those of her dead husband are
text: in the process of being packed.
text: Tibdbs looks down at:
scene_heading: HIS POV - A ROW OF MEN'S SHOES
text: lined up at the fcot of the bec.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: His eyes flick up at the woman,
scene_heading: FAVORING MRS. COLBERT
text: Her eyes are on Tibbs.
speaker_heading: MRS. COLBERT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Phil and I used to talk about all
dialog: kinds of crazy things. We usec to
dialog: say whichever of us went first
dialog: would be the lucky one. The one
dialog: left behind would have so much to
dialog: do... Those shoes, for example.
dialog: fhe pair he never got to wear...
dialog: s cufflinks... each - thin;
dialog: , stays behind... =e
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: REV, 9/15/66
dialog: 145
dialog: qué
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTOIVED :
speaker_heading: TIRES
dialog: (a seat)
dialog: Would you knoy who owns this
dialog: hovel, Mrs, Colbert?
text: She shakes her nead, gleuces over at Applevson in the doorway,
speaker_heading: APPLETON
dialog: Eric Endicott,
speaker_heading: TIDss
dialog: You said something at the station
dialog: about your husband's enemies?
speaker_heading: APPLETON
dialog: It's Endicott, He's been fighting
dialog: us all the way, Sits wp on his
dialog: hill and runs this County, Or
dialog: did - until we moved ia,
text: Tibbs considers Anpleton a moment, then turns back to irs
text: Colvert, who has resumed the painful proccess of pack
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TIsBs
dialog: Did your husband teil you where
dialog: he was going last night?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MRI, “CCLBED
dialog: A little after eleven, I 1
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: When did you first siss him?
speaker_heading: MRS, COLLERT
dialog: The phone woke me up ~ the police
dialog: ealling - asking me to - come
dialog: down there.,, That's when I sav
dialog: that - that Phil wasn't there,
text: Tiobs turns to Appleton,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Ee call you - or anybody else
dialog: on your staff - after eleven?
speaker_heading: APPLETON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SCONTINUED }
speaker_heading: REV, 9/16/66 oh
dialog: aks
dialog: 146
dialog: 17
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: isl
dialog: 152
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Maybe the elevator operator can
dialog: tell us when he went out,
speaker_heading: APPLETON
dialog: They put it on self-service after
dialog: ten p.m,
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: (to Mrs, Colbert)
dialog: Your husband use a car here?
speaker_heading: MRS, COLBERT
text: Parked in the hotel lot.
dialog: cur TO;
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL PARKING LOT - MOVING SHOT - TOWARD A PARNED CAR -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Tibbs is the CAMERA. His hand, a handkerchief in the palm,
text: opens the car door, and Tibbs enters SHOT, peers in at the
text: fabric of the seat cushion,
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE STAIN OF BLOOD
text: on the back of the seat cushion on the passenger side,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TI5BS
text: as he kneels, examines the floorboard around the shaft of the
text: steering wheel, examines the floorpad, the accelerator and
dialog: the brake pedal,
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: reacting to something.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - HIS HAND
text: reaching forward, fingers delicately selecting a small,
text: curling black object not more than an inch tong.
speaker_heading: ANGLED ON TIBBS
text: as he straightens, Outside the car, studidés the object
dialog: thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: fee
dialog: 9f3s/- 22.
speaker_heading: CCATINUED:
text: Tibbs looks around, sees Gillespie standin: just to one side,
text: watching him carefully, Behind Gillespie sits the va
dialog: police car,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: What are you doing with that car?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: It's Colbert's, Whoever killed
dialog: him, crove it last night.
text: He moves past the wide-eyed Gillespie on a course toward
text: Gillespie's parked car. As he goes, he foids the object he
text: had found in the car into his handkerchief and slips it into
dialog: his pocket,
text: Gillespie comes after him, Tibbs climbs in,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Where do you think youtre going?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: I'd drive up in the car you got
dialog: me, but I'm pretty sure you
dialog: wouldn't want me running up the:e
dialog: all by myself - causing more
dialog: trouble,
dialog: Up where?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: To Eric Endicott's,
scene_heading: EXT, A VAST COTTON FIELD - A HARVESTER - DAY
text: chugs along, stripping plants, Negroes follow the machine
text: and hand-pick the leavings, dropping the puffs into sling-
text: bags which cover them like sheets, In the b.g. Gillespie's
text: patrol car trails duct along the baking country road,
scene_heading: INT, THE CAR - TIBBS AND GILLESPIE - DAY
dialog: 
text: It is apparent neither has spoken through “ne drive.
speaker_heading: CLOSE CN TIBBS
text: His face is expressionless as he looks out at:
scene_heading: REVISED 10/18/66 70-%B
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
scene_heading: HIS MOVING POV - THE NEGROES
dialog: picking cotton.
scene_heading: ANGLE SHOT - FAVORING GILLESPIE
text: He looks over at Tibbs, sees what Tibbs is watching. Gillesp
text: turns back to the road,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: None of that for you, right, Virgil?
text: But Tibbs gives him no satisfaction. T'bbs remains uispeak-
text: ing, his face expressionless.
scene_heading: TIBBS' POV - A ROW OF EIGHT NEGROES
text: hoeing, their big, weathered hats floundering in the heat
dialog: and the dust.
speaker_heading: THRU OMITTED
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
dialog: Keeping his thoughts to himself,
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - THE PATROL CAR - DAY
text: turns off the road onto the extensive grounds of an estate.
scene_heading: FOLLOW SHOT - THE CAR
text: approaching the facade of a southern mansion. The car stops
text: in the curving driveway.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TIBBS AND GILLESPIE
text: get out. Gillespie sees how Tibbs! eyes seem to be photogra
text: ing every nook and cranny of the driveway area and the house
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
dialog: as he studies:
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - A GREENHOUSE
text: adjoining the estate.
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: TH,
scene_heading: GILLESPIE AND TIBBS
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You going to come right out and
dialog: ask him where he was last night?
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: (a put-down)
dialog: Let's just - sniff around 4
dialog: little first, All right?
text: Before Gillespie can react, Tibbs starts toward the front
text: door, Gillespie going after him,
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT - THE TWO WEN
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (accusative)
dialog: Is there anything you know you
dialog: haven't told me?
text: Gillespie draws abreast of Tibbs as they arrive at the
dialog: front door,
speaker_heading: TISBS AND GILLESPIE
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: I found a piece of osmundine
text: in Colbert's car,
text: He rings the bell,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIG
dialog: You found what?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Cn the brake pedal, Osmundine,
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Fern root?
text: Gillespie remains baffled. The door opens, Inside an
text: elderly Negro outler with white hair looks out, past
text: Gillespie toward Tibbs.
speaker_heading: _ GILLESPIE
dialog: Chief Gillespie...
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Please come in, suh.
text: Gillespie enters, Tibbs following,
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: i72
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT, THE RECEPTION HALL - MED, FULL SHOT - DAY
text: The butler shows the two men to the parlor, but the butler's
text: eyes reproach Tibbs, seeming to be warning and scolding him
dialog: simultaneously.
scene_heading: INT, THE PARLOR - GILLESPIE AND TIBBS - DAY
text: move into mid-room as the butler vanishes. Gillespie looks
text: around the tastefully-furnished room, He seems tense and
text: out of place, Tibbs, on the contrary, seems at ease,
text: They hear footfalls, see Endicott appear in the french doors
text: leading to the adjoining greenhouse, He is wearing an
text: apron and carrying a tiny instrument used by orchid fanciers
text: for cross-pollination, He looks rich, secure, cultured and
dialog: affable, King of the Haves.
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: Chief...
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: This is Virgil.
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: Mister Tibbs,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: How do you do, sir,
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: May I have Henry fetch us
dialog: something - hot day like this?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (too hastily)
dialog: We're fine, thanks,
speaker_heading: TIEBS
dialog: (directly)
dialog: I'd like something cold, A soft
dialog: drink, please, Anything.
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: (tothe butler)
dialog: Henry, bring in a pitcher of
dialog: lemonade, I'11 have one too,
text: Henry flashes a disapproving look at Tibbs for his
text: audacity, but nonetheless goes out,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: Investigating any crime of
dialog: violence has got to be a most
dialog: unpleasant occupation,., Is there
dialog: any way that I can be of help?
text: Endicott notices how Gillespie glances over at Tibbs, as
text: though for counsel, Gillespie seems at a loss for words,
text: Tibbs seems to be appreciating the Civil War portrait of
text: Endicctt's great grandfather which hangs above the fire-
dialog: place,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Virgil here is - trying to set
dialog: me up a - sort of - timetable...
speaker_heading: ENDICOIT
dialog: Sounds intelligent.
dialog: (to Tibbs)
dialog: T was told you had some troudle
dialog: this morning at the hotel,
text: Gillespie gives Tibbs a sharp look of reproof,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Nothing important,
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: I apologize for that particular
dialog: clerk, Hets suffering, I fear,
dialog: rrom the white man's historical
dialog: guilt, He can't seem to adjust
dialog: to - the changing times,
text: The butler returns with a silver tray on which is a pitcher
text: of lemonade, He serves Endicott, then Tibbs. -
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Thank you,
text: Tibbs raises the glass to the others, sips, then moves @
text: few steps to an orchid plant,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (to Endicott)
dialog: May I compliment you, sir...
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TIBBS AND THE ORCHID
text: Tinbs locks from the cinnebar-red flower to Endicott.
speaker_heading: : (CONTINUED)
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: I didn't know it was possible
dialog: to grow this species locally,
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
text: reacts with pleasure and surprise, He moves toward Tibbs,
text: Gillespie remaining mystified,
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: Are you an orchid fancier?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: No, but I like them,
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: (expansively)
dialog: Let me show you...
text: He moves out a side door, Tibbs follows, Gillespie going
dialog: atter them,
scene_heading: INT, A GREENHOUSE - FULL SHOT - A RIOL OF ORCHID PLANTS ~
speaker_heading: DAY
text: in pots on long tables and proliferating in wire baskets
text: hanging from overhead pipes, Endicott leads Tibbs down an
text: aisle and through this maze of blossoms,
speaker_heading: ENDICCTT
dialog: Endicottts folly, What do you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: . (admiringly)
dialog: Beautiful,,, breathtaking.
text: Endicott looks pleased,
speaker_heading: ENDIcort
dialog: Have you a favorite, Mister
dialog: Tibbs?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Well, I'm partial to any of
dialog: the epiphytics.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE
dialog: reacting to this kind of specialized knowledge,
dialog: 177
dialog: 78,
scene_heading: FAVORING ENDICOIT
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: (out charmingly, a
dialog: la Buckley)
dialog: Isn't it remarkable that of all
dialog: the orchids in this place you
dialog: should prefer the epiphytics?
dialog: I wonder if you know why?
text: As he speaks, Endicott moves to the plant, carefully
text: separates a blossom from the root structure and with tender
text: care begins to place it into a vase with water and a
dialog: plastic sealer,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: It would be - helpful - if you
dialog: would tell me, sir,
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: (as he works)
dialog: Because - like the Negro - they
dialog: are essentially rootless - still
dialog: searching for something to - hook
dialog: on to, They need care and.
dialog: cultivating and feeding - and that
dialog: takes time, Thatts something you
dialog: can't make some people understand -
dialog: something Mister Colbert didn't
dialog: realize, .
text: He hands Tibbs the encapsulated orchid with a gracious
dialog: little gesture,
speaker_heading: ENDICCTT
dialog: With my compliments, Mister Tibts.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Thank you, sir,
text: Tibbs reaches up casually to the wire basket from which
text: Endicott has taken the plant, He pulls out a bit of root
text: substance, holds it out, pretending curiosity.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Is this what the eplphytics
dialog: root in? :
speaker_heading: ‘ENDICOTT
dialog: My point! They thrive in it,
dialog: Take it away from them, they dc
dialog: badly,
speaker_heading: , TIBES
dialog: What do you call this material,
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Rev,
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 8/3/06 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: That's osmundine. Fern root,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE
dialog: reacting,
speaker_heading: FAVORING TIBES
text: His eyes are on Gillespie,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Well, Mister Endicott, we've
dialog: taken up cnough of your time,
text: He makes a move to leave,
scene_heading: FAVORING ENDICOLT
text: His eyes are intent, serious,
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: Why'd you two come here?
text: Tibbs is busy replacing the section of root he has taken
text: from the basket, His back is to Endicott,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (easily)
dialog: To ask you about Mister Colbert,
text: Endicott considers the question for an unduly long time.
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Let me understand this, You
dialog: came here to - question me?
dialog: Tibbs turns,
speaker_heading: FAVORING TIBBS
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Your ~ attitudes, Mr. Endicott...
dialog: your points of view... are a
dialog: matter of record,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 9/16/66 ee,
speaker_heading: 181
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TISBS (cont'd)
dialog: Some people - let's say those who
dialog: work for Mr. Colbert - might
dialog: reasonably regard you as the person
text: least likely to mourn his passing,
text: Endicott starts toward Tibbs, moving slowly.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (courteously)
dialog: We're trying to clarify some of
dialog: the evidence,
text: Endicott, still saying nothing, continues to advance,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Was Colbert ever here - in this
dialog: greenhouse?
text: Endicott is closer now,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Say - last night ~ around midnight?
text: Now Endicott is directly in front of Tibbs, He swiness a
text: smarting blow at the Negro, his open palm resounding on
dialog: Tibbs' cheek,
text: Tibbs responds instantly, slapping him back as hard - or
text: possibly harder, the blow virtually rattlinz Endicott's head,
text: Gillespie stands frozen by the unprecedented physical ex-
dialog: change,
text: But now Endicott and Tibbs are cyeball to evebeli, neither
text: relenting in their fierce confrontation,
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: (voice low)
dialog: Gillespie!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Yes,
speaker_heading: ENDIC ctr
dialog: You saw it?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I saw it,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Rev.
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 164
dialog: 185
dialog: 1858
speaker_heading: OD
dialog: fo
speaker_heading: 3/3/66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: What are you going to do about it?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: I don't know,
speaker_heading: ENDICOTT
dialog: I'll remember that,
dialog: (to Tibbs)
dialog: There was a time I could have had
dialog: you shot! Now I have to stand here
dialog: and watch you glory!
text: Almost in tears, he gives Tibbs a long, last look, goes out,
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: watching him leave,
speaker_heading: CLOSE of GILLESPIE
text: staring hard at Tibbs,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE NEGRO £UTLER
text: He has come to the doorvay, and overheard, overseen it all,
text: He is shocked,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ‘
text: Tibbs wheels, starts out of the greenhouse, cut as he passes
text: the butler, for the first time since we have met him, we see
text: him explode, It is still tignt, still held in, but it comes
dialog: out the purest of fury,
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: (to the butler)
dialog: Don't pray for met Pray for
dialog: them! .
text: He goes out,
scene_heading: PAVORING GILLEGPIE
text: For a moment more he considers the frightened butler, then
text: _he steams out after Tibbs,
speaker_heading: 185B
dialog: 185¢
speaker_heading: 185D
speaker_heading: 185E
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GREENHOUSE - ANGLE SHOT PAST THE PARKED POLICE
scene_heading: CAR IN IMMEDIATE F,G. - DAY
text: and toward Tibbs approaching, Gillespie after him, Tibbs,
text: hearing Gillespie, stops, turns to confront him,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TIBBS AND GILLESPIE
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (hotly)
dialog: You're off the case}
dialog: (trying to hold on
dialog: to himself)
dialog: Now - I'm going to run you back
dialog: into town - then you'd damn well
dialog: better clear out - and I mean fast!
text: He pushes roughly, angrily past Tibbs, opens the car door,
text: gets in, slams the door,
text: Tibbs moves to the car, drops a restraining hand on the rim
text: of the open car window,
speaker_heading: TIRES
dialog: That speech you gave me - this
dialog: morning at the depot...
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (overlapping,
dialog: interrupting)
dialog: Io never figured you damn fool
dialog: enough to slap a white man - let
dialog: alone Mister Endicott,
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: Don't you see, he's the only one
dialog: I would have slapped? Give me
dialog: ‘another day - two days: I'm
dialog: closet I can bring him downt [
dialog: can pull him right off this hillt
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE
text: looking at Tibbs from under lowered lids,
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: and his intense, pleading face,
dialog: 185¢
speaker_heading: 185H
dialog: 186
dialog: . 9/8/56
scene_heading: FAVORING GILLESFIE
text: For the first time he seems almost to be smiling.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You're just like the rest of
dialog: us, aren't you, Virgil?
text: He starts the car.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TIBBS
text: The terrible truth and sudden insight of Gillespie's
text: accusation is reflected on his face.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Slowly, almost painfully, Tibbs opens the door, gets into
text: the car. Gillespie guns it out and down the hill.
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: EXT, FARM IMPLEMENT “GENCY - CLOSE SHOT - McSS OF ENGINE
scene_heading: PARTS ON A NEW, HUGE PIECE OF EQUIPMENT - DAY
text: The hood slams down into CAMERA as we hear:
speaker_heading: MAYOR'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: All my fault!
text: CAMERA TILTS UP TO REVEAL Mayor Schubert in his equipment
text: yard at tie agency. Behind him, Gillespie is leaning
text: against another piece of equipment.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: Endicott hit him first.
text: The Mayor looks surprised.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: You defending Tibbs?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (a deat) ,
dialog: i guess,
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Well, no point ducking it, Bill.
dialog: It's going to be tough to keep
dialog: you in your job now. Unless you
dialog: bring in the killer! Question is
dialog: - can you do that - without Tibbs?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: cal
scene_heading: REV. 9/8/66
speaker_heading: 186 CONTINUED:
dialog: Gillespie
dialog: 84.
text: finds himself near a piece of equipment. He
dialog: fingers it.
dialog: Gillespie
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Know what osmundine is, Mister
dialog: Mayor?
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Neither did I.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (deciding to
dialog: ignore this)
dialog: I don't have to tell you how
dialog: urgent it is to get Tibbs out
dialog: of town.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I've elready told him.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Mrs. Colbert won't be back till
dialog: Thursday. You catch the guilty.
dialog: party, she's not going to hold
dialog: it against us we sent Tibbs home
dialog: for his own good,
text: turns, starts away.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Bill... ‘
dialog: (as Gillespie stops)
dialog: What's made you change your mind?
dialog: About Tibbs?
scene_heading: 187 FAVORING GILLESPIE
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Who says I have?
speaker_heading: : MAYOR
dialog: Chief we had before - he'd have
dialog: shot him one second after he
dialog: slapped Endicott - claimed
dialog: selr-defense,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV, 9/28/66 85.
speaker_heading: 187 CONTINUED:
text: Gillespie goes out, the Mayor looking after him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 188 OMITTED
scene_heading: 189 EXT. STREET OUTSIDE IMPLEMENT AGENCY ~ CLOSE ANGLE -
scene_heading: GILLESPIE - DAY
text: gets into the car, starts it, eases it out and paralle! to the public
dialog: square .
text: As he drives, Gillespie picks up his radio phone.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Gillespie x
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY'S VOICE
dialog: Harold Courtney, sir. x
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You get Virgil down to the depot?
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY'S VOICE
dialog: No sir. He just plain wouldn't x
dialog: go... Shagbag just saw him
dialog: heading out to where they're gonna
dialog: build the factory .
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: @ long best)
dialog: You fix the hinge on that counter
dialog: gate yet?
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY'S VOICE
dialog: You never asked me, Chief. x
speaker_heading: (MGRE)
dialog: (Continued)
speaker_heading: REVISED 10/13/66 86
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
speaker_heading: i191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: (x)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY'S VOICE
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe you asked my brother,
dialog: George. He's on nights.
text: Gillespie slams down the phone.
dialog: cut TO:
speaker_heading: TIBES
text: at the wheel of the car Jess loaned him. The car is
text: running along a deserted road.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - MOVING SHOT - ANGLED AT TIBBS - DAY
text: in the car, as he drives.
scene_heading: HIS POV - IN THE SIDE MIRROR - ANOTHER CAR
text: This is an older model sedan carrying four white men.
text: The car moves closer to Tibbs’ car.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - TIBBS' CAR
text: as the other car moves close and bumps Tibbs' car.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - IN MOTION
text: Two bumpers banging.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TIBBS
text: as he frantically tries to pull away.
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT - ON TOUGHS
text: in ear, laughing
speaker_heading: LEAD TOUGH
dialog: C'mon. Bump him again
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: REVISED 10/13/66 B6A
dialog: (x)
speaker_heading: 196 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: 2ND TOUGH
dialog: Come on !. Come on!
scene_heading: 197 MOVING SHOT - THE TWO CARS
text: The car carrying the white toughs starts to pull
text: alongside Tibbs' car and attempts to force it off
text: the road, Tibbs manages to pull away..
scene_heading: 198 LOW ANGLE ~ CONCRETE OVERHEAD RAILWAY PASS
text: Tibbs' car roars underneath underpass and he skids
text: car frantically to drive up a narrow road, The maneuver
text: is successful in sending the toughs’ car banging into
text: the overpass, but it regains control and turns up the
text: marrow road after tibbs.
scene_heading: 199 TIBBS' AND THE WHITES' CARS
text: careening through an area with two small Negro children
text: in f. g. The children watch as cars pass.
scene_heading: 200 ANOTHER SHOT - GILLESPIE'S CAR
text: travelling fairly fast, it comes to underpass, turns,
text: follows road to left, obviously missing the road Tibbs
text: followed. ALTERNATE: Gillespie's car comes down the
text: road and under underpass, then turns down the road
dialog: Tibbs took.
scene_heading: 201 LOWER ANGLE SHOT - ACROSS RAILROAD TRACKS
text: As Tibbs’ car bounces across tracks and he finds that
text: road ends at a railway round house.
scene_heading: 201-X1 ANOTHER ANGLE - TOUGHS' CAR
text: in hot pursuit of Tibbs, as it crosses tracks and
text: heads towards Tibbs! trapped car.
scene_heading: 201-X2 ANOTHER ANGLE ~ TIBBS ©
text: He jumps out of car and races for the protection of
text: the round house, as the toughs' car pulls up and the
text: toughs pile out excitedly and chase
dialog: after Tibbs.”
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: REVISED
speaker_heading: 201-X3
speaker_heading: 201-X4
speaker_heading: 201-X5
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
speaker_heading: 10/12/66 86B -
dialog: (x)
scene_heading: INT. ROUND HOUSE - DAY
text: It is like an amphitheatre, with a large, diesel engine
text: blocking part of the shot. CAMERA REVEALS Tibbs crouching
text: behind the engine as he realizes there is no exit in the
text: rear wall.
speaker_heading: TIBBS' POV
text: as the four toughs enter the round house. Every sound
text: is amplified as in an echo chamber, One of the toughs
text: giggles and picks up a flat piece of scrap iron and
text: bangs it sharply on the side of the engine. The crash
text: echoes through tthe building as he shouts:
speaker_heading: TOUGH
dialog: Come on, black boy, we gonna
dialog: teach you manners.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TIBBS
text: looking for an escape, slowly backing into the round
text: house as he realizes he is trapped,
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT - BEHIND TOUGHS
text: slowly moving in on Tibbs as Tibbs moves back to the
text: conerete wall. Out-maneuvered, Tibbs frantically looks
text: around for something with which to defend himself. He
text: picks up a large wrench and crouches, motionless. Two
text: of the toughs reach for various pieces of equipment that
text: they can use as weapons. The lead tough encourages
dialog: then:
speaker_heading: LEAD TOUGH
dialog: I told you about them bad manners,
dialog: boy. You better put that down.
text: He giggles nervously as the toughs move slowly in
text: towards Tibbs.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - TIBBS AND TOUGHS
text: Poised, Tibbs waits for them to move in, when the
text: silence is shattered by a metal door crashing open
text: at the far end of the round-house.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REVISED
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 10/13/66 87
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: As heads turn in that direction, CAMERA WHIZ PANS
text: to door where Gillespie now stands, coolly surveying
dialog: the scene.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (his voice softly
text: echoes across the
dialog: room)
dialog: All right, boys, you had your fun.
dialog: Go on. Get cut of here,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - GILLESPIE
text: as he starts to move towards Tibbs.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - TOUGHS
text: Anxious not to mix with the armed police chief, they
text: turn and start to move toward exit. The lead tough
text: turns, and as he does:
speaker_heading: LEAD TOUGH
dialog: (shouting at Gillespie
dialog: in anger and frustration)
dialog: Nigger lover!
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE
text: He lets out a small, almost lonely sigh. He moves
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: He Watches
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: as he approaches the four men. They are young, and they
text: stand their ground, but Gillespie never wavers. He
text: reaches them, grabs the one who has just insulted him.
text: He gathers the man's shirt in his powerful hand, almost
text: choking him with the force of his grip.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: REVISED 10/13/66 838
dialog: (x)
speaker_heading: 208 CONTINUED;
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I didn't quite catch what you
dialog: said,
speaker_heading: LEAD TOUGH
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Jes! tryin’ to help you
dialog: do your job, Chief.
text: Gillespie releases the man.
speaker_heading: SECOND TOUGH
dialog: Get rid of the nigger! You don't
dialog: we will!
text: Gillespie considers the speaker gravely.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: That a suggestion - or an order?
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: A watnin'!
text: Gillespie hits him, a short driving blow into the kidney.
text: The man sinks to his knees. Gillespie looks at him as
text: he crumples, and starts to retch,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Get this trash out of here!
text: The other three toughs, overwhelmed by Gillespie's
text: action, pick up the retching boy and literally carry
text: him towards their car, Gillespie now turns as Tibbs
text: moves across the round house and gets into his car.
text: As Tibbs starts his car, Gillespie, who is hurrying
text: towards him, shouts:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
scene_heading: REV. 9/28/66 a9,
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: thru
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Tibbs !
dialog: (louder)
dialog: TIBBS! You got the message, Tibbs?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
text: {as he drives off)
dialog: | got the message.
text: We start a SLOW FADE to BLACK and as we reach TOTAL DARKNESS:
speaker_heading: Ct TO:
speaker_heading: CMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. THE POLICE STATION = HEADLAMPS - NIGHT (MIDNIGHT)
text: OVER the BLACKNESS we hear a car engine start, then the headlamps
text: flash on, illuminating Tibbs’ face, Tibbs starts forward.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: May { get in?
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - A PATROL CAR
text: We see the astonished officer Sam Wood behind the wheel. He
text: watches Tibbs come closer through the fload of light from his
text: headlamps, our ANGLE through the windshield.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thought you left town.
text: Tibbs opens the passenger. door, slides in,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Not yet.
text: Sam is still baffled.
dialog: (Continued)
scene_heading: REV. 9/28/66 89A,
speaker_heading: 215 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Could you follow the sarne route you
dialog: followed Tuesday night ~ at the same
dialog: speed?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why ?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Why not?
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: Rev. 8/3/66 90,
speaker_heading: 215 CONTINUED:
text: Sam considers.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mayoe I'd better check with the
dialog: Chief, |
text: He starts to open the car door,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Maybe so, You wouldn't want hin
dialog: to slap you down for getting out
dialog: of line, making a decision of
dialog: your own,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He don't knock me out of my socks!
dialog: Let's get rollin', Virgil!
scene_heading: 216 EXT, THE POLICE STATION - PAN SHOT - THE PATROL CAR - NIGHT
text: pulls away,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: aly
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
dialog: 91,
scene_heading: INT, THE ALL NIGHT DINER - CLOSE SHOT - A BAND - NIGHT
text: in the back of a juke box manipulates a cake knife, The
text: Knife has been inserted through the box and now touches a
text: spring. At once the juke box starts to play,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - RALPH
text: the counter-boy we saw at script's opening reacts with
text: pleasure at the sound of the music, withdraws the knife,
text: straightens the juke box, now brilliantly lit up, Having
text: cheated the vox of its coins for the music he's now playing,
text: Ralph does a triumphant little jig vack toward the counter,
text: En route, he stops, looks out at:
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - SAM'S PATROL CAR
text: swinging into the parking lot.
speaker_heading: RALPH
text: hurries over, deliberately hides a luscious pie on the
text: counter, puts on display instead a single last piece of
text: tired pastry, He grins all the while he does this,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, THE ALL NIGHT DINER - THE PATROL CAR ~ NIGHT
text: stops. The headlamps switch off, From inside the diner we
text: hear the beat of the electric guitars from the country
text: rock and roll record being played.
text: Sam, in the police car, switches on the inside light, looks
text: at his wristwatch,
scene_heading: INT, THE PATROL CAR - FAVORING SAM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Right on the nose - two-thirty
dialog: ayem, Same as Tuesday,
text: Tibbs jots down the time and place on Sam's official time
text: report held to a clipboard.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: You really know this town,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ought to, Was born here,
speaker_heading: (GONTINUED)
scene_heading: SRD REVISION 9/27/66 32
dialog: 222
dialog: 223
dialog: 224
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He wipes his damp forehead, sweaty from the iat of the night, opens
text: the door.
speaker_heading: SAN
dialog: Now | take ten minutes to cool off -
dialog: get myself a king-size coke and a wedge
dialog: of pic ~ if that peckerwood didn't seli
text: out again.
text: He closes the door, starts away.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAR - PAST SAM TOWARD TiBBS - NIGHT
text: still in the patrol car:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bring yoy anything?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: No, I'ra coming.
text: Tibbs opens the door on his side, gets out.
speaker_heading: FAVORING SAM
text: Sam is utterly baffled and frustrated, Gillsspie’s patrol cor Maches in,
text: slams to a stop alongside the other police cer, Gillespie is out at
text: once, staring, hard-faced, at both men.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: § thought | told you to get out
dialog: of here!
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: I'm not ready to leave!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (everlapping)
dialog: { was plannin! to report to you in
dialog: the mornin’, Chief.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: What the heil's the matter with
dialog: you? You forget about those four
dialog: maniacs this afternoon ?
dialog: xe x x
dialog: {Continued}
scene_heading: 2ND REVISION 9/27/66 ‘ 33
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: | need more time!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Time i Do | have to throw you on
dialog: that train myself?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Goftly)
dialog: What do you want, Virgil ?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: iNT. THE DINER = FAVORING RALPH HENSHAW - NIGHT
dialog: reacting to:
scene_heading: HIS POV - THROUGH THE SCREEN DOOR ~ THE CATHERING OF THE
speaker_heading: POLICE
text: just outside.
speaker_heading: RALPH
text: rocked by guiit-feelings, hurries back to the juke box which he has
text: cheated of its due, hastily tugs the connecting wire from the wall plug.
text: The silence seems immense, electric guitars stilled in mid-stroke. But
text: at least Ralph appears relieved. He moves back to the ccunter, gets
text: busy with the dishes, even as he stares out at:
scene_heading: HIS POV = THE OFFICERS IN A HUODLE
text: just outside the screen door, their voices aydibie, but the words scme-
dialog: how blurred.
speaker_heading: REVISED 9/27/¢6 PSA
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: (4)
scene_heading: EXT, THE DINER - NIGHT
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: | have to know exactly where Sam was
dialog: at all times the night of the murder -
dialog: which streets he drove and when.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: And you don't care if you get killed
dialog: before you find out?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: He tells me he spent ten minutes in here.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's right, Chief.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (@s they start
dialog: toward diner)
dialog: You know what kind of mess I'll be
dialog: in if anything happens to you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, THE DINER - FAVORING RALPH - NIGHT
text: He is polishing the counter, but straining to hear everything that's
text: being said from outside. He can hear the voices of the three men,
text: but nothing specific. He sees:
scene_heading: HIS ANGLE - THE MEN
text: coming in.
speaker_heading: CLOSE CN RALPH
text: reacting with distaste at the sight of:
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 94,
scene_heading: 235 FROM HIS ANGLE - TIBBS
text: entering.
scene_heading: 236 ANOTHER ANGLE - THE TWO OFFICERS AND TIBBS
text: come in, settle onto stools at the counter. Ralph glares at Tibbs.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: (baiting Sam)
dialog: We got a real luscious cream pie
dialog: tonight, Sam. | mean - Officer
dialog: Wood. Like you always order.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (bridling)
dialog: You know | don't eat that stuff.
dialog: @ side look at
dialog: the Chief)
dialog: It's - fattenin', Chief likes his
dialog: boys ~ streamlined. Right, Chief?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Why don't you shut up? You want x
dialog: something, Virgil?
text: Ralph comes up with a coke for Sam.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: ain't servin' him!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I said, you want something, Virgil? x
text: Gillespie planks down money in payment for Sam's coxe.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: @ beat, then to Sam)
dialog: Tuesday night you walked out of here
dialog: at two-forty? Right?
text: Sam makes a loud sucking sound with his straw as his coke hits bottom.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: ‘Dn the button.
dialog: (Continued)
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 95
speaker_heading: 236 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Two minutes from now,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (throws a coin)
dialog: That's for him. x
text: Tibbs moves toward the door, Gillespie going with him. As Sam gets
text: up, he sees Ralph deliberately, tauntingly, bring the beautiful pic up
text: from under the counter. Sam's eyes narrow, He starts to say something
text: to Ralph, sees Gillespie waiting ot the dear and watching him. He
text: hurries out.
scene_heading: 237 EXT. THE DINER - THE THREE MEN - NIGHT
text: move toward the two police cars,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (ta Sam)
dialog: When you came out that night, wnat
dialog: did you do?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Picked up the radio.
speaker_heading: THBBS
dialog: gently)
dialog: Do it, please.
text: Sam sees how Gillespie is watching him. Sam seems to break out more
text: in sweat, He picks up the redio, flips on the inter-talk.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Woad to radio.
speaker_heading: GEORGE'S VOICE
dialog: This is radio. Go ahead, Sam. x
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Leavin' Compton's now. x
speaker_heading: GEORGE'S VOICE
dialog: Sam, better look sharp. Gillespie's
dialog: sniffin' around.
dialog: (Continued)
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 96-97
dialog: 237
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gillespie reaches over, takes the radio from Sam, motions Sam into
text: the car, behind the wheel. Meantime, Tibbs has cascci inte the back
text: seat of Sam's patrol car.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Courtney!
text: There is a painful silence.
speaker_heading: GEORGE'S VOICE
dialog: (in shock)
dialog: Yes, Chief?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: | checked with your brsther. He claims
dialog: i didn't ask him to fix that hinge. That
dialog: means | asked you. Do you read me,
dialog: Courtney ?
dialog: Continued
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: thru
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
dialog: ) aes Vo 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GEORGE'S VOICE
dialog: VI get right on it, Chiefl Tem Fours *
text: Gillespie hands the instrument back to Sam. Som hangs up.
text: Gillespie moves around to the passenger side of the front seat, gets in.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: You may move us, Officer Wood.
text: Sam starts his engine.
speaker_heading: FAVORING TIBBS
text: checking his wristwatch. He is smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PARKING LOT - THE PATROL CAR = NIGHT
text: eases out, leaving Gillespie's parked vehicle behind in the lot. Ralph
text: Henshaw stands at the screen door, looks out at the tail lights of Sam's
text: disappearing vehicle.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWN ~ THESE SHOTS
text: are a reprise of SHCTS 6-10 - cruising shots of the sleeping town - but
text: they are different in that Sam Wood is no longer alone, but has company,
text: Tibbs and Gillespie. They include Sam's observation of the Purdy house
text: up ahead, irs kitchen lights lit, its naked girl to be seen if he continues on.
speaker_heading: SAM WOOD
text: turns the wheel sharply at the intersection just this side of the Purdy house.
speaker_heading: THE PATROL CAR
dialog: takes a different route than the one we sow it take the night of the
dialog: murder.
scene_heading: INT. THE CAR - CLOSE ON TI8BS
text: looking across at Sam,
dialog: Rev, 8/3/66 99.
dialog: akg
dialog: 250
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
speaker_heading: HIS FOV - SAM
text: seems to be sweating now more than ever, Sam looks up -
text: into the rear-vision mirror, sees Tibbs' eyes.
scene_heading: MED. FULL SHOT - ALL THREE MEN
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Why did you do that, Sam?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Change your route back there at
dialog: the corner?
text: Sam looks over at Tibbs and his face darkens, He looks at
dialog: the Chief,
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Who says I changed?
dialog: (his voice rising)
dialog: I oughta know what IT didt
text: Suddenly he slams on his brakes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Chief, I gotta put up with this?
dialog: I work for you - or for him?
text: Tibbs opens the door, gets out,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Good night, gentlemen.
text: He walks off, vanishing into the shadows, Sam turns, eyes
dialog: appealing, toward Gillespie,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE
text: His face is expressionless as he considers Sam,
dialog: Cur TO;
scene_heading: INT, A BANK - LONG SHOT ACROSS TYE AREA - DAY (EARLY MORNING)
text: through an unmanned teller's window, past unoccupied desks
text: toward the front door as it gets unlocked and two men enter,
text: Gillespie and a middle-aged type - HENDERSON, president of
dialog: Wells Security.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Rev, 8/3/66 1c0,
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Gillespie waits as Henderson dials his code number on the
text: ourglar alarm, then closes and relocks the front door, The
text: two men come toward CAMERA, Above them the wall clock
dialog: indicates eight twenty-seven,
text: Henderson leads the way through a swinging gate (which,
text: Gillespie notices, has no broken ninge) and behind the
text: executive counter, He motions Gillespie to a chair in front
text: of a desk with the name plate; H, E, HENDERSON, Pres,
text: Gravely, Henderson hangs up his Panama hat, crosses to a
text: nearby file, Gillespie remains standing.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - HENDERSON
text: opens the file cabinet, flips through depositors' accounts,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILIESPIE
text: watching, waiting.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - HENDERSON
text: finds what he's seeking, He returns with a file, sits down
text: solemnly at the desk, Gillespie still standing. Henderson
text: does not open the file, but places one hand over it, as
dialog: though in sacred trust,
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: This is an official request?
dialog: You're willing to put it in
dialog: writing on Police Department
dialog: letterhead?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I'll put it on the head of a
dialog: pin if that's what you want!
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: I need something for the file.
speaker_heading: ‘GILLESPIE
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Mr, Henderson, I'm in a hurry!
text: Henderson sighs, opens the account,
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: He's had an account with us for
dialog: several years,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
dialog: iol,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: HENDERSON (cont'd)
dialog: Not a large account, Never more
dialog: than...
dialog: (running a finger
dialog: down the figures)
dialog: two hundred and eight dollars
dialog: pack in sixty-two,., September...
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: I'm interested in yesterday!
speaker_heading: HENDERS ON
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Well, according to this, he made
dialog: a deposit of six hundred and
dialog: thirty-two dollars}
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Yesterday?
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I must have been out to lunch,
dialog: otherwise, a deposit of that
dialog: size, I'd have...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Wonder where he ever got that
dialog: much?
text: He looks up, sees that Gillespie ig already on the way to
text: the front door,
speaker_heading: HENDERS ON
dialog: You'll send me that letter for
dialog: the file, hear?
text: Gillespie unlocks the front door,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Count on it!
dialog: He goes cut,
speaker_heading: CJT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, JESS! GARAGE IN NEGRO SECTION - ANGIE SHOT - PAST
scene_heading: TIBBS IN A PHONE BOOTH IN IMMEDIATE F.G, - MORNING
text: He makes notes as he alternately listens, talks, put his
dialog: dialogue is inaudible to us.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 256
dialog: 102,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: In the b.g, Jess is at a gas pump, refueling Tibbs! car,
text: Jess! two children hover in mid-ground, stare at Tibbs, He
text: hangs up the phone, pockets his memo pad, puts his pen away,
text: comes out jubilantly, He sees the children, smiles at then,
text: reaches down, an arm for each, hoists them nigh, carries
text: them toward their father, CAMERA MOVING witn hin,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Don't fill it, Jess} I'm leavin;
dialog: at noon,
text: Jess cuts the pwip,
speaker_heading: JESS
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: ‘Less you got the man in your
dialog: pocket, you better leave right
dialog: now - word I get,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (to tne children)
dialog: Your papa's got to see to believe,
dialog: huh?
dialog: (he pute them down)
dialog: Well, don't listen to him! Look:
dialog: (he points and they ”
dialog: look, see nothing)
dialog: Millions of tiny ballerinas, right
dialog: in front of your eyes, Now if we
dialog: were in Washington, at the FBI
dialog: lab, I could...
dialog: (he closes his
dialog: hand swiftly,
dialog: brings it close
dialog: to their eyes)
dialog: ... catch these little people, put
dialog: them in a spectroscope and let you
dialog: watch them dance, Out there...
dialog: (gesturing widely)
dialog: «.. all around... colors we can't
dialog: see,,. sounds we can't hear... odors
dialog: we can't smell, But they're there,
dialog: Don't you ever forget they're there!
speaker_heading: JESS
dialog: (capping the tank)
dialog: You gon! spook those chillen:
speaker_heading: : TISBS
dialog: Let's hope, Jess, Make them
dialog: wonder! lake them agit!
text: He gets into the car, starts the engine, waves to them, pulls
text: the car out, Jess and the two children watching him go,
dialog: cut TO;
scene_heading: REV. 9/23/66 103.
scene_heading: 257 INT. POLICE STATION - ANGLED PAST HAROLD COURTNEY AT THE x
scene_heading: BOOKING DESK - DAY
text: toward a cluster of cther officers and deputius - George, Fryer, Shagbag,
text: etal - all looking stunned and worried,
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY x
dialog: Well, [don't believe it, no matter
dialog: what!
speaker_heading: SHAGBAG
dialog: But how do y' 'ccount for ali that
dialog: money ?
speaker_heading: CEORGE
dialog: Chief never did like him - not from
dialog: the first!
text: They break off their conference as Tibbs comes in. Tibi.s nods good
text: morning, crosses to Gillespie's door.
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY x
dialog: § wouldn't!
text: Tibbs hesitates at the door.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Somebody with him?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (hoping something
dialog: will happen)
dialog: Let him go in!
text: Tibbs opens the door, goes in.
scene_heading: 258 INT. GILLESPIE'S CFFICE - GILLESPIE - DAY
text: interrupted in mid-speech, he glares at Tibbs. Sam Wood is seated in
text: front of the desk, He is net in uniform, does net wear his gun. He
text: books like a man who's been poleaxed. .
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 3
dialog: 2
dialog: gt gear SR ee
dialog: oii dist
dialog: 
dialog: 4
dialog: 4
dialog: a
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TIPBS
dialog: this
dialog: 
dialog: Le
dialog: Tact:
speaker_heading: y EVeCnLoU
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GUDLMAT Fe
dialog: fe. remeber
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Waey found
dialog: the orhiicns
dialog: bo caver ult
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: M eoban cadhary Ebies
dialog: rac) ons |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i .
dialog: silence de: Ti pou
speaker_heading: CHEDDAR
dialog: . . oa Sus)
dialog: A 4 Ubi mart
dialog: Sane
dialog: Cam lo ter,
dialog: aoa poi
dialog: snolher ©
dialog: inh
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOR RNR tee ee
dialog: ska toate
dialog: ie ee
dialog: ube a ae Leh
dialog: 
dialog: See ee wel
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Lb: (e}
dialog: 
dialog: 4)
dialog: tartey
dialog: 1 ¥oarst
dialog: JT osaved
dialog: = ou
dialog: 
dialog: fast ope lyess
dialog: 
dialog: Gillespie bangs hin £
text: close to Sam's,
dialog: 
dialog: dogn on his dusk, pusues hoo 7)
dialog: 
dialog: ant Epeke
dialog: todd .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SAM
scene_heading: OF SMOULRL @hn.
dialog: trade it jin tyenties
dialog: £ gol up to Shure
dialog: Ltook at ere pot i
dialog: Whenever J
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: buodived
dialog: hunidere,
dialog: foros be
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: : woe
dialog: ret ve
dialog: cope bred
speaker_heading: CGLoontig osy
dialog: r yo uO ow us
speaker_heading: FOR VIDE
dialog: ye au
dialog: chasgod hig
dialog: posed
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CODES
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: agi al
dialog: 
dialog: Hee es
dialog: Set ee ee
dialog: args.
dialog: 
dialog: >
dialog: 5
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COMMINURES (5)
dialog: Delon
speaker_heading: aAronid
dialog: Howtda vy
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: lIngyey Che:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: hore is a long, ¢ Vial!
dialog: Globst eyes, mhares at dea a mo,
dialog: Lon,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: You vw
dialog: Wood , mctks
dialog: 
text: Sam shakes his hernd,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CM ptope
dialog: 1 us
dialog: 5 ab Gillon
dialog: meartsa to Lisht noe ’ :
dialog: 
dialog: yrits tho cig
dialog: 
dialog: How cra Gd
dialog: 
dialog: Lhespde strctaben tbe a eet,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: dvuanyt
dialog: 
scene_heading: REV, 9/28/66 107.
dialog: 260
dialog: 261
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The buzzer from the switchboard sounds. Gillespie flips a switch.
speaker_heading: CILLES PIE
dialog: Yes?
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY'S VOICE x
dialog: (over the inter-com)
dialog: - Mayor, sir,
text: Gillespie picks up his telephone.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Gillespie ...
dialog: (Listening)
dialog: Yes, Sam. Afraid so. That's
dialog: right ...
text: Tibbs walks out.
scene_heading: INT. THE 3G OKING-SWITCHBCARD FOYER - PAN SHCT ~ TIBBS
text: crosses the area toward the counter dividing the waitin, section from the
text: muster room with its four battered desks, x
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 108.
dialog: 262
dialog: 263
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TIE8S
text: pushes the half-gate. The hinge has been fixed. it swings open
text: smoothly, shuts smoothly as Tibbs goes through into the muster area.
scene_heading: THE WHITE OFFICERS
dialog: watch.
scene_heading: FROM THEIR ANC LE - TIBBS
text: sits ina chair, the back of the chair to his chest. He folds his arms
text: and drops his head on them. He is lost in this own thoughts.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - GEORGE COURTNEY
text: cemes through the doorway which leads to the cellblock. He holds the
text: keys, He looks confused and depressed, He sees how the other officers
text: watch Tibbs. Slowly, he moves toward Tibbs, stops in front of the chair.
speaker_heading: CEORGE
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Mister Tibbs ...
speaker_heading: CLOSE OWN T!BBS
text: He raises his eyes.
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE = THEIR FACES
text: empty now of hestility. He can see their need of him. And Gearge's
dialog: "Mister Tibbs" is not fost on him.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: +++ do you think Sam did it?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANG LE
text: Tibbs shakes his head. Het senses the relief they feel.
text: Suddenly, past the officers, Tibbs sees the front door open. A raw-boned
text: man with a hatchet-face comes in with a girl in her mid-teens. She is
text: the naked girl we saw at the script's opening. Now she wears a tight
text: skirt and a tighter sweater, both accentuating the ripeness of her body.
text: The girl is DELORES PURDY, the man ‘her BROTHER. x
dialog: (Continued)
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 109,
speaker_heading: 268 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (ta the officers)
dialog: Where do | find the Chief?
text: Harold Courtney detaches himself from the officer-group, moves to the
text: complaint desk, CAMERA MOVING with him.
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY
dialog: About what? x
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: My business!
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY
dialog: Look, Purdy, you got a complaint, x
dialog: right here's where you file it!
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: What | got t' say, | say to the
dialog: Chiefl
text: The girl looks around under her lashes at the men, haif-smiles.
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY
dialog: I decide thet. x
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: I don't trust none o' you! Was one
dialog: o' you got her into trouble t' begin
dialog: with!
text: Coyly, the girl drops her eyes.
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY
dialog: What kind of trouble ?
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: She's goin' t' have a baby!
dialog: That's what kind o' trouble!
dialog: Som Wood's beby
speaker_heading: 269 CLOSE ON TIBBS
dialog: reacting ©
scene_heading: 270 FULL SHOT - THE AREA
text: A sudden hush falls over Harold and the others. x
dialog: (Continued)
scene_heading: REV, 9/28/66 M0.
dialog: 270
dialog: 271
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Now you tell the Chief I'm out
dialog: here with my little sister! x
text: Harold flips down the inter-com, x
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY x
dialog: Purdy's here, sir, It's about Sam.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE'S VOICE
dialog: All right, Send him in.
text: Harold points to the door. Triumphantly, Purdy leads iis sister toward x
text: the door, opens it, disappears with her into Gillespie's office x
speaker_heading: TIBBS
text: gets up from his chair, crosses to the Chief's door. Without knocking,
text: Tibbs goes in.
scene_heading: INT. GILLESPIE'S OFFICE - MED. FULL SHOT - DAY
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (in mid~speech)
dialog: She told me it was Sam Wood. Ask
dialog: her y'self, you don't believe me!
text: Purdy and the girl are in front of Gillespic's desk, Ai the sound of Tibbs
text: entering, they turn.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: _ (to Gillespie)
dialog: It's important | hear this.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: lain't talkin’ about this with him in
dialog: the room! Boy, yeu don't want a
dialog: slua o' troyble, you git!
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Be sensible! |'m a police officer.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: You gonna git him out or do | got
dialog: t' do it?
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: REV, 9/16/66 ail,
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: 273
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ;
speaker_heading: GILLESP IZ
dialog: (wlowing up)
dialog: Now you keep quiet! Everybody!
dialog: (a long beat as
dialog: he savors the
dialog: silence)
dialog: You tell me what happened, Deloves,
speaker_heading: FAVORING DELORES
text: She seems to be enjoying the sudden stage-center, She cups
text: her right hand around the cool brass lamp base on
text: Gillespie's desk, lets the stream of air from the ceiling
text: fan ruffle her hair a little and thus connected starts
text: slowly, evocatively, forming ner words and images with a
dialog: sensuous undertone,
speaker_heading: DELORES
dialog: You know how hot it is? Nights
dialog: - they're no better...
text: She glances over at her father,
speaker_heading: DELORES
dialog: Pa works nights, Leaves me all
dialog: alone, .
text: She lets go of the lamp,
speaker_heading: DELCRES
dialog: Most time, I stay inside - like
dialog: he tells me. Other times I couli
dialog: suffocate in there, you know?
dialog: Well, this particular night - I
dialog: was suffocatin?, I go out on the
dialog: porch,., i'm tryin! to cool... and
dialog: I'm thinkin! how nice it'd be te
dialog: have a fountain drink... Sam ~ he
dialog: comes down our road - like he comes
dialog: every night - passin’ like a lord
dialog: in that fine - big - shiny car of
dialog: his,..
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But this time he stops... He's got
dialog: a nice face, don't you think, Chier?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIS
dialog: You mean - he stopned?
speaker_heading: : DELORES
dialog: Oh, yes.,, And he asks me - he
dialog: asks...
speaker_heading: (MCRE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: REV, 9/16/66
speaker_heading: 273
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: She smiles
dialog: die,
speaker_heading: DELORES (cont'd)
dialog: (imitating fam's
text: voice in a kind of
dialog: wild mimicry)
dialog: Hey, little girl, vou know what's
dialog: the coolest spot in town?
dialog: (a beat, dropping
dialog: her eyes)
dialog: No, Sam, I said, I guess I don't,
dialog: (imitating San
dialog: again)
dialog: Tne cemetery, that's where, Know
dialog: why? No, Sam, I said... All them
dialog: big cool tombsontes, . You ever
text: stretch out on a tombstone,
dialog: Delores? Let yourself feel all
dialog: that nice cool marble along youi
dialog: cody?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: {shocked}
dialog: He - said that?
text: affirmatively.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: You hear, Chief? You hear?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (ignoring this)
dialog: All right, so he stopped in front
dialog: of your house and he taiked to
dialog: you, What else?
speaker_heading: DELORES
dialog: (looking at him
dialog: directly)
dialog: I went for a ride with hin,
dialog: That's what else, Out to the -
dialog: cemetery,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV, 9/15/06 LLeA,
speaker_heading: 273 CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: GILLEST IE
dialog: You mean - Wood took you with
dialog: him - in tae patrolcar? Out
dialog: to the cemetery,
dialog: ’ (she nods}
dialog: wee ANG...
dialog: (somewhat at a
dialog: loss for words)
dialog: ... things went a little too far,
dialog: That what you're saying?
text: She nods again,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Did he force you, Delores? or
dialog: did you - let him?
text: Delores looks down, says nothing, even as Purdy protests.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Don't mean a damn whether she let
dialog: him or not; She's still sixteen,
dialog: Ta this state that's rape: I
dialog: checked on that! That's the pl.in
dialog: law on that!
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (to the girl)
dialog: You're sure you're ~ prewnant?
text: She looks at him - suddenly she is angry - a sixtecn-year
dialog: old savage - no longer the country coquette,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DELORES
dialog: You're dann right I'm pregnant)
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: And I know my rights: Hets goin!
dialog: t! have to pay for the bay,
text: Tibbs starts for the door,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 9/28/66 113,
speaker_heading: 273
speaker_heading: 273A
speaker_heading: 2738
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Tibbs goes out. Gillespie flips down the inter-com.
speaker_heading: CILLESPIE
dialog: in here, Harold! x
scene_heading: HAROLD COURTNEY'S VOICE x
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: After a moment, the door opens and Harold enters. x
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Take this down!
text: Herold nods unhappily.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: All right, Purdy. From the top ...
text: Purdy considers Gillespie with a kind of slow, brooding sullenness ...
text: Now he is no longer shouting. New his voice is low, dangerous.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: You had no right to keep a nigger in
dialog: the room - shame my little sister. No x
dialog: right!
text: His eyes smolder cs they fix on Gillespie.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, THE JAIL - DAY |
text: Tibbs comes down the corridor, stops in front of Harvey Cherst's call.
text: Oberst looks up at Tibbs and grins.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - THE TWO MEN
speaker_heading: CBERST
dialog: Hi, y', Virgil.
text: Tibbs nods. Oberst gets off his bunk, comes to the bars.
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Man, you saved my hide! | guess
dialog: you're just about the smartest colored
dialog: ever fived ... You figure they're
dialog: gonna let me out?
dialog: (Continued)
speaker_heading: REV, 9/15/68
speaker_heading: 2735 CONTINUED:
dialog: preps
dialog: You'll oe back on the street in
dialog: a day or so,
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Man, I nope!
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: If you get a girl in trouble in
dialog: this town, where can you go for
dialog: help, Harvey?
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: (a wide grin)
dialog: Barber shop,
speaker_heading: ‘TIBBS
dialog: Barber shop?
speaker_heading: CBERST
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: Eorrow Mister Fannints rezor
dialog: ant cut your throat,
text: Tibbs smiles,
speaker_heading: TIBBS .
dialog: Let's say Hister Fanning!s razor
dialog: is too dull, Let's say you have
dialog: sone real money TO spread arouns...
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: (tugging at
dialog: his chin)
dialog: Used to be a colored gal, But
dialog: she kept bumpin' the price,
dialog: Don't know if she's still in
dialog: business,
speaker_heading: TIEBS
dialog: What's her name?
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Never had to look her up, But
dialog: Packy might know.
speaker_heading: (SONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 9/16/66
speaker_heading: 273B CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Where do I find Pack
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Down at the pool hall, But,
dialog: man, he wontt tell yout Not
dialog: ‘less I say so, An' how'm I
dialog: goin’ say so locked up here?
speaker_heading: : TIBBS
dialog: What if I get them to find Packy
dialog: and bring him in here?
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: You let him bring me a cheeseburger?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Cnions?
speaker_heading: OBERST
dialog: Now you're talkin'!
text: Tibbs gives Oberst a close-to-the-chest jail-house sign,
text: hurries out,
dialog: art
speaker_heading: thru OMITTED
dialog: 278
dialog: cur TO;
scene_heading: 2ND REV. 8/10/66 115-1168.
speaker_heading: 279
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT OF THE PURDY HOUSE - SHOT W.TI! A
scene_heading: TELEPHOTO LENS - DUSK
text: as though we are seeing FBI secret film shut from a
text: hideout at criminals under investigation. Out of
text: Purdy's house comes Purdy, approaching the tow sedans
text: which have just pulled up in front.
text: Purdy goes to the back car, bends in, talks (inaudibly)
text: to the driver, makes some instructive gestures, then
text: goes forward to the first car, gets into the passenger
text: side of the front seat. Two men are in the back seat.
text: The cavaleade therefore consists of two cars, eight
dialog: men. :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV. 8/10/66 119.
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 280
speaker_heading: 281
dialog: 282
speaker_heading: 283
speaker_heading: 284
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: CAMERA ZOOMS IN on Purdy. The driver moves the sawed-off
text: shotgun off the front seat to make room for Purdy. Purdy
text: holds it a moment, puts it down and out of sight as the
text: cars pull away.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: EXT, AN ALMOST ENDLESS PASTURE - EXTREME LONG SHOT - DUSK
text: This is a stylized SHOT to bridge the previous scene and
text: this moment, serving actually in place of a DISSOLVE. The
dialog: SHOT should be made from a helicopter, starting high, and
text: MOVING IN ~ but printed in SLOW MOTION ~- until we are
text: MEDIUM CLOSE on the subject which, from the air, we saw
text: merely as a speck at the far edge of the pasture, but which
dialog: we now discover is Virgil Tibbs.
text: Tibbs is bent over, almost delicately, one hand outstretcned
text: toward an object on the ground as we resume NORMAL FILM
text: SPEED. Tibbs picks up the object with a handkerchief, then
text: slowly rises. We see that he 1s gripping a two~foot long,
text: two-inch thick pine sapling. He considers one end of the
text: club-like branch with narrowing eyes, sees the dried stain
text: discoloring the wood. Then without moving the position of
text: his feet he looks around at the grass in the immediate area.
text: Suddenly he hears the SOUND of someone approaching through
text: nearby brush. He grips the sapling more firmly, looks toward
text: the brush, reacts to the sight of:
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - GILLESPIE
text: pushing aside the brush and emerging into full view.
text: Gillespie comes into CLOSE SHOT, stops.
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - TIBBS
text: standing with the club-sapling.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE
dialog: looking away from Tibbs to:
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - THE PASTURE
text: Off at a far end engineering equipment is emplaced. There
text: is a grader and two trucks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 9/15/66
dialog: ash
dialog: 285
dialog: Del
dialog: Go
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ;
text: Around the field at various poitnt
text: and red flags, surveying streaz
dialog: noon breeze,
dialog: 
text: are tall poles. Orange
dialog: flan i: the late arter-
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
text: approaches Tibbs.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Youtre getting careless, Virgil
dialog: You could get yourself killed,
dialog: (a long beat}
dialog: -.- Leaving your car parked on
dialog: the road, anybody could find you,
text: He stops next to Tibbs, looks at the sapling Tibbs is
dialog: holding.
speaker_heading: TIEES
dialog: You know what this land is?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: For the new factory.
speaker_heading: TIBSS
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I found a piece of wood in
dialog: Colbert's scalp, The lad
dialog: identified it as pine.
speaker_heading: FAVORDIG TIBES
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Three people saw Colbert drive
dialog: past their houses - alone -
text: coming back from Endicott's,
dialog: a beat)
dialog: Colbert must have picked up
dialog: somebody in town...
dialog: (tentatively
dialog: reconstructing
dialog: the murder night)
dialog: ++, COme out here,,.
speaker_heading: GILLES? In
dialog: Got it all figured out, haven't
dialog: you, Virgil? Well, I say he
dialog: didn't pick up nobody:
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV. 9/16/66
dialog: rc
speaker_heading: 266
dialog: aay
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: IE (cont'd)
dialog: I say Sam followed |. out here
text: in the patrol car, came up behind
dialog: nim - like I cane up behind you,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: I heard you coming. Colbert
dialog: would have heard too,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: So he heard, He turned, He got
dialog: smashed,
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: (a slight chake
dialog: of his head)
text: He was hit from behind. He was
text: driven hack to town in his own
text: car,,, dumped onto the street,
dialog: Sam couldn't have driven two
dialog: cars, ~~
dialog: (a teat)
dialog: No, Colbert stocd here ~- lookin:
dialog: out across this rield - with
dialog: somebody ne knew - somebody he
dialog: wasn't afraid ot - somebody othor
dialog: than Endicott...
scene_heading: FAVORING GILLES Te
speaker_heading: GILLES? IZ
dialog: (at last)
dialog: Come on, Virgil, I got to get
dialog: you out of here,
text: Tibbs looks at him,
speaker_heading: . TIBBS
dialog: If Delores Purdy hadn't come
dialog: to your office, I might never
dialog: have seen the truth, I was so
dialog: hung up trying to get Endicott
dialog: - just for the personal
dialog: satisfaction}
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Tell you what, Virgil, I'11
dialog: run you into Brownsville. You
dialog: can catch the bus there.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: IT can't leave now!
speaker_heading: 2873
speaker_heading: 2870
speaker_heading: 283
speaker_heading: 289
dialog: 290
dialog: 291
dialog: 9/28/66 Li
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE
dialog: i>
dialog: iv
dialog: studying Tibbs.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: and his veiled, but determined face,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Now you Listen, boy!
text: But Tibbs! face is as unrelenting as Gillespie's,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (finally)
dialog: We'll go to my place, Nobody'11
dialog: look for you there,
text: Gillespie stumps off, After a moment, Tibbs follows.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT, A STREET IN SPARTA ~ CLOSE PAN SHOT - TIO SEDANS - DUSK
text: creep along the street, Esch car carries four men, We
text: recognize Purdy in the first car, the four earlier attacke:
dialog: in the second.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, THE Chi CARRYING PURDY - CLOSE ANGLE *HOT PAST PURDY IN
scene_heading: TG PRONT SEAT ~ Dusit
text: as he peers out the windshield, CAMERA SHOOTING PAST hin and
text: giving us his MOVING POY as the car cruises the street,
speaker_heading: FAVORING PURDY
text: He raises a pint bottle to his lips, drinks the Liquor,
text: passes the bottle to the men in the back scat, shifts to
text: get a better view out the window. He moves the sawed-off
text: shotgun he grips into a’ more strategic position,
text: Suddenly he reacts, waves a thumb at the driver,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PURDY
dialog: peering out at:
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 123,
dialog: 292
dialog: 293
dialog: 294
dialog: 295
dialog: 29%
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - TIBBS' CAR
text: edged against the curb.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET - THE TWO CARS - DUSK
text: stop alongside Tibbs' car, Instantly Purdy and some of the others are
text: out, swarming around the car.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - PURDY
text: squinting inte the car. He sees it is sans Tibbs. He rears back,
text: looks up and down the street.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Gotta be close by.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Coulda changed cars.
dialog: Purdy considers.
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (to one of the men)
dialog: You stick here. We'll keep cruisin’.
text: The man neds, moves off to slump down on the grass, his back tea
text: tree. The others pile into the cars. The cars go off down the street
text: like predators. Beyond, the sun is setting over Spartc, x
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED x
scene_heading: INT. THE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Gillespie and Tibbs sit at a battered table on which the remnants of
text: a poor meal can be seen - two piates - bread, butter. pork and beans,
text: Gillespie is pouring what must be the fourth or fifth round of bourbon
text: for himself, judging from Tibbs’ corner~of-the-eye look at the whiskey
text: filling the glass.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: REV, 9/16/66 lok,
speaker_heading: 296 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (finally, after hets
dialog: drunk another good
dialog: bolt)
dialog: You're the first colored I ever
dialog: sat in a room with like this,
speaker_heading: . TIBES
dialog: You can't be too careful,
text: but because he is tired, bone-tired, and ho is thinking more
dialog: of himself than the world around him, :
text: Gillespie misses this entirely, not because he is not sharp,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIZ
dialog: You know everything, don't you,
dialog: boy? What do you know about
dialog: insomnia?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Bourbon can't cure it,
text: Gillespie studies the bottle a moment, then corks it, puts
text: it down on the floor, He gets up, looks around the room,
speaker_heading: GILLES? IE
dialog: Thirty-seven years old - no wife,
dialog: no kids,,, scratching for a living
dialog: in a town doesn't want me... fa
dialog: I have to oil for myself,,, desi:
text: with a busted leg,
text: He is silent a moment as he looks at the ugly wallpaper.
speaker_heading: GILLESP Iz
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: +o. Shis place}
text: He looks back at Tibbs.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Know something, Virgil? You're
dialog: the first person who's been around
dialog: to call. Nobody else nas been
dialog: here,., Nobody comes...
text: tn a sudden spontaneous gesture of compassion Tibbs reaches
text: out, touches Gillespie on the shoulder - a simple and moving
dialog: human contact, But it only infuriates Gillespie,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (raw)
dialog: Don't treat me like the nigger:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED) -
dialog: Riv,
dialog: 2
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: —
speaker_heading: D
dialog: c
speaker_heading: C
dialog: ¢
dialog: -
speaker_heading: COMLINVEL: {2}
dialog: 
dialog: Yace goes
dialog: 
dialog: There is a lnoct
dialog: 
dialog: Gillespie nl
dialog: butt of the
text: to the door,
dialog: 
dialog: nging tre
dialog: Sig
text: ed revolver closer to reach, He crosses
speaker_heading: (CONT THUED)
scene_heading: REV. 8/10/66 165,
speaker_heading: 296 CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (continuiug;
dialog: to the door)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Chief?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Know where I can find Virgil?
text: Gillespie looks back a moment at Tibbs. ‘Then Gillespie
text: draws the revolver, opens the door, A young MAN of Harvey
text: Oberst 's age stands outside on the stoop.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Wno are you?
speaker_heading: PACKY
dialog: Packy, Chief. Facky Harrison.
dialog: Friend of Harv's.
dialog: What do you vant with Virg
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACKY
dialog: Well, down at the jail they
dialog: said they didn't know where
dialog: he'd got to. Said maybe you's
dialog: know.
text: Tibbs moves past Gillespie in the doorway and goes out,
text: slips into his jacket.
scene_heading: 296A EXT, THE HOUSE - FAVORING TIBBS - NIGHT
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (to Packy)
dialog: You find out what I asked
dialog: Harvey?
text: Packy nods, Pleased; Tibbs goes down the steps.
speaker_heading: . GILLESPIE
dialog: (from the doorway,
dialog: sharply)
dialog: Where do you think you're goirg?
text: Tibbs stops, looks back up at him,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV. 9/16/66
speaker_heading: 296A
speaker_heading: 296B
dialog: 297
speaker_heading: 298
speaker_heading: 299
dialog: 300
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TIBRS
dialog: (deliterately
dialog: colloquial)
dialog: Where Whitey ain't allowed:
text: Then he and Packy hurry toward Packy's old~model crate
text: parked at the curb,
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - GILLESP Is
text: in the doorway,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: Stay loose, boy,
text: O.s, the spurt of Packy's engine sounds,
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: EXT, AN INTERSECTION IN THE WEGRO SECTION - ANGLED PAST A
scene_heading: STREET LAMP - NICHT
text: toward a dimly-lit front of a dilapidated vrocery store.
text: A serawny dog raises its leg against the lamp post, then
text: hurries on, Ia another moment Packy's car eases to the
text: eurb, parks, half-in-half-out of the circle of light fron
dialog: the lamp.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - THE CAR
speaker_heading: PACKY
dialog: That's her place,
dialog: Tibbs continues to study:
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE ~ THE CROCERY STORE
text: and its pale light from inside.
speaker_heading: FAVORING TIBBS
speaker_heading: PACKY
dialog: You want me to wait?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: REV, 7/28/66 tet
dialog: 300
speaker_heading: 301
dialog: 302
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: No. Thank you, Packy. You ga
dialog: en home.
text: Tibobs gets out, closes the car door, moves to the door
text: of the grocery store. He enters as Packy drives away.
scene_heading: INT. THE GROCERY STORE - TIBBS - NIGHT
text: comes in, tripping a bell over the door. The store is
text: filthy, the merchandise on its shelves worn and old.
text: Metal signs are tacked on the walls, advertising beer
text: and laxatives. There are posters, too, but the modeis
text: in the posters are Negro, not white.
text: A woman comes through the flaps of a blanket which covers
text: the doorway leading from the store front into the living
text: quarters to the rear. She is about forty-five, lean and
text: careful-faced, and her skin is light. She might have
dialog: beer. quite beautiful when she was younger.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Mrs. Bellamy?
text: The woman studies him evenly.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Peoples around here call me
dialog: Mama Caleba,
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Mama, I'm not from around here,
dialog: but you can put me on my train
speaker_heading: FAVORING THE WOMAN
text: She lights herself a cigarette, considers him through
text: exhaled smoke.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: You talk crazy. You gin-drunk?
text: Tibbs comes over, smiling winsomely.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Just - homesicic.
speaker_heading: . MAMA
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: Lord, Lord!
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Whisper two little words, I'm
dialog: on my way!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 302 CONTINVED:
dialog: 
dialog: (coyly
dialog: aype I don't vanta sever a
dialog: beautiful chile like you right
dialog: out,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TIBIS
dialog: (ignoring this)
dialog: A man's name - first name, las.
dialog: name - the man who's paying you
dialog: for Delores Purdy's avortion,
dialog: 
text: The woman laughs,
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: I thoucht that's who you was,
dialog: Youtre the boy who works for M:z
dialog: Charlie, Why you wanna do that?
dialog: They stealin' your soul, chile!
dialog: You got to stay away from them
dialog: grey boys, They'll jes chew you
dialog: up and spit you out! Why you
dialog: wanna take «o for the police
dialog: Like that?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TISES
dialog: I'm not here to lay a finger o:
dialog: you, Mama, It's the white bay
dialog: I want,
dialog: What you got
dialog: payint for }
dialog: 
dialog: How much?
text: She doesn't answer,
speaker_heading: TIsRs
dialog: I'll bet he's not paying you
dialog: more than a hundred, You know
dialog: how much he's got in his pocket
dialog: right now? At least six
dialog: hundred!
speaker_heading: BAMA
dialog: That cracker? Where's he cone
dialog: off gittin' six hundred?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: 7 Hister Colbert to get
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (SONTINUED}
dialog: 302
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; (2)
text: The woman reacts,
speaker_heading: MASA
dialog: You sone crazy out of your mind?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: T
dialog: Throw hin back, na, Don't set
dialog: mixed up in this one.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Look, what
dialog: Gontt owe yo.
dialog: want [ron ne?
dialog: 
dialog: His na:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAM
dialog: You gone white on
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: I don't care what goes on in
dialog: your back room, I'm only asking
dialog: for this name - so I can go hone
dialog: and tuck the blankets under ny
dialog: chin and make it across the nicht
dialog: with my windo wide open... Please,
dialog: Mama, near me! Don't make me have
dialog: to send you to jail!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MALIA
dialog: Lot you care!
speaker_heading: TIsps
dialog: .I care! A colored person ha: no
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: business in gail, ‘here's wi
dialog: time in jail and there's col
dialog: time in jail, The worst
dialog: time you can do is colored
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HAMA
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Chile, you promise to give
dialog: understandin'? I don't like
dialog: pig tadls and chicken neck no
dialog: more, I got used to better,
dialog: You won't take it away?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: Iwon't take it away, Wana.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: REV. 8/10/66
dialog: 302
dialog: 303
dialog: 304
dialog: 305
dialog: 306
dialog: 307
dialog: 308
dialog: 309
dialog: w
dialog: uw
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Well, I don't know his name,
dialog: but she's comin’ here tonight,
dialog: get Rerselt straight. .
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Delores?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Comin' with herself an' his
dialog: one hundred dollars.
text: Over the door the bell tinkles. Tibbs looks over:
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - DELORES PURDY
text: frozen in the doorway. She stares, unbelieving, at:
scene_heading: FROM HER ANGLE - TIBBS AND MAMA
text: looking at her.
speaker_heading: DELORES
text: whirls, runs out, panic driving her, Tibbs after her.
scene_heading: EXT, THE STREET - DELORES - NIGHT
text: running, Tibbs gaining.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - A SHADOW
text: breaks free of a tree bordering a vacant lot in this
text: deserted section of town, steps onto the sidewalk in front
text: of the girl and the Pursuing Tibbs, The girl flings her-
text: self thankfully into one of the protective arms of the
text: shadow. Behind her Tibbs slows,
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
dialog: reacting to:
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - DELORES AND THE YOUNG MAN
text: His left arm is around the girl. His right arm is extended,
text: & pistol pointing toward Tibbs. The young man is Ralph
text: Henshaw, the counter-boy, Killer of flies.
dialog: 310
speaker_heading: 311
dialog: 312
dialog: 313
speaker_heading: 314
dialog: 315
scene_heading: ANGTHER ANGLE - THE cRour
text: Palph disengages his arm from the sirl,
dialog: 
dialog: No club this tim
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON RALPH
dialog: reacting,
speaker_heading: FAVORING TIDBs
dialog: Ties
dialog: Gun's not smart, Noisy, Lasy
dialog: to trace, Powder marks on your
dialog: hand for two wees, The way
dialog: killed Colbert was a lot sm
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: girl stares at Relpn.
speaker_heading: LELORES
dialog: You killed hin?
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: 
dialog: He's crazy!
speaker_heading: DELGRES
dialog: (proudiy}
dialog: Honey, you're right much of .
dialog: nan!
text: Headlamps of approachiny cars #low ove: the trio,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - THE TWO cARS
text: packed with white toughs sweep in, the isen leaping out,
text: Purdy in the lead, the sawed-orr shotgun swingin: toward
dialog: Tibbs.
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT - FURDY
text: striding in behind the twin barrels of hag gun
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
dialog: looking fron the shotcun to:
dialog: a
dialog: to
speaker_heading: Ad
speaker_heading: REV, 9/16,66
text: 31G THE ENCLOSING CIRCLE OF WHITES
text: their eyes like agates,
scene_heading: 317 ANOTHER ANGLE - PURDY
text: thumbs both hammers,
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: (a life or death
dialog: gamble)
dialog: Look in her purse}!
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: What's that invan?
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: Shets got a hundred dollars to
dialog: pay for an abortion, Money she
dialog: got from Ralph,
text: The others swing their eyes toward Ralph.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: You gonna listen to him?
speaker_heading: TIEBS
dialog: Ralph made a fool of you, Mister
dialog: Purdy, Got her to tell you Sam
dialog: Wood did it. We knew Sam was in
dialog: no position to defend himself,
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (thundering)
dialog: Delores!
speaker_heading: DELORES
dialog: (screaming
dialog: at Tibbs)
dialog: Liar! Liar! Liar!
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: Gimme that purse!
speaker_heading: DELCRES
dialog: My purse!
text: But Purdy grabs it, opens it, comes out with a fistful of
text: bills, The other men gasp. This much money - and they nave
text: to work so hard for theirs! They look hard at Ralph. But
text: their eyes are soft in comparison to the steel in Purdy's.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: REV. 8/10/66 133,
speaker_heading: 317
speaker_heading: 328
speaker_heading: 329
dialog: 320
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PURDY
dialog: (to Ralph, slowly
dialog: building}
dialog: You turned my little girl into
dialog: a field slut!
text: He utters a low curse, swings the shotgun toward Ralph.
text: Ralph fires defensively, the bullet striking Purdy in the
text: stomach and crumpling him even as one of his own barrels
text: blasts the sidewalk near Ralph's feet. Tibbs moves in-
text: stantaneously, his knee coming up, his arm down, as he
text: locks Ralph's gun hand painfully in a grip, forces him to
dialog: drop the gun.
text: Delores is on her knees alongside her father, holding his
text: head and crying.
speaker_heading: DELORES
dialog: Pal Pal
text: The other whites seem utterly lost, all the fight out of
text: them. Tibbs, meantime, has scooped up Ralph's revolver.
text: There. is something in the way Tibbs holds the weapon that
text: makes its own statement of quiet authority. Mama Caleba
text: stands, watching, in the doorway of her store.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Mama! Call a doctor!
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE GROUP
text: as Mama in the b.g. re-enters her store. Among the group,
text: nobody speaks, Only the sobbing of Delores is heard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, THE CELLIBLOCK OF THE POLICE STATION - SAM WOOD -
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: standing at a barred window, watching the morning light
text: brighten his cell. He hears a sound, turns,
scene_heading: FROM HIS ANGLE - TIBBS
text: comes into view. Tibbs jangles a ring of keys. He passes
text: them through the bars,
speaker_heading: . TIBBS
dialog: Which one, Sam? .
scene_heading: REV. 8/10/66 134.
speaker_heading: 321
dialog: 322
dialog: 323
speaker_heading: 324
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - SAM
text: takes the keys, selects one, hands the cluster back to
text: Tibbs through the bars, one key up. Tibbs unlocks the
text: gate, swings it open. But Sam lingers inside.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Go home, Sam. Shower... sleep...
dialog: wake up... eat a steak... come
dialog: back tonight - for your regular
dialog: tour.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON SAM
text: He can't believe it.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: and his reassuring nod, his warm, half-smile.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Slowly, Sam comes out of the cell.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No stuff, Virgil?
speaker_heading: TIBES
dialog: No stuff, Sam.
text: Sam starts down the corridor, but stops, considers Virgil.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You did it, didn't you?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Gillespie and I. He figured -
dialog: if we arrested you - pretended
dialog: we had our man - we'd flush out
dialog: the killer.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I didn't think he was that smart!
speaker_heading: ‘ TIBBS
dialog: Don't sell him short, Sam. He's
dialog: @ good man.
text: He moves with Sam toward the door which waits, open, at
text: the end of the corridor.
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 135,
dialog: 325
speaker_heading: 326
dialog: 327,
scene_heading: INT, THE SWITCHBOARD AND 800 KING AREA ~ FULL SHOT - MORNING
dialog: The room is jammed with al! the officers we have mer throughout the
text: film. As Sam comes out with Tibbs, they surround the two jubilantly,
text: ad lib their best wishes and congratulations to Sam.
speaker_heading: FAVORING TI88S
text: For a moment he stands watching and enjoying Sam's re-entry into the
text: group. Then he crosses to Gillespie's door, opens it, goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. GILLESPIE'S OFFICE ~ GILLESPIE - MORNING
text: is at the window, looking at the morning traffic outside. Head down,
text: eyes averted, Ralph is continuing his confession into ¢ tape-recorder
text: (an almost obsolete mode! which squeaks as it turns) while Harold x
text: Courtney holds the microphone close to his lips, Another deputy
text: stands behind Ralph, guarding him.
text: Tibbs settles into a corner, listens.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: She told me to get up the money or
dialog: else she'd tell her brother. Hell, x
dialog: t had to rob somebody! | was walkin’
dialog: from her house to the diner to start
dialog: work when Mister Colbert, he drove
dialog: by. [hitched a ride, He was wearin!
dialog: this shiny new suit an‘ you could see
dialog: his wallet, real thick ...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HAROLD x
dialog: Toke your time, boy, take your time.
dialog: Don't crowd those words together.
text: Gillespie turns, sees Tibbs standing in the big.
speaker_heading: RALPH
dialog: | told him I'd sure ike to work
dialog: at the factory once he got goin’.
dialog: He said sure an’ | said, | was
dialog: wonderin' where it was goin' to
dialog: be an‘ he asked me would | bike
dialog: to see ~ and { figured, man, he's
dialog: askin' for it. I'H just tap him from
dialog: behind when we get out there and
dialog: claim somebody jumped us from the
dialog: bushes ...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: (Continued)
scene_heading: REVISED 9/28/66 138-137,
speaker_heading: 327 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RALPH (cont'd)
dialog: \ didn't plan to kill him. He just
dialog: had a real soft head,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: That's enough for now, Henshaw.
dialog: (to the guard)
dialog: Lock him up!
text: The deputy goes out with Ralph. Harold starts to gather up the x
dialog: recording equipment,
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: {to Tibbs}
dialog: What made you get on to Ralph?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: @ slight smile)
text: He pointed a gun at me,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 328
speaker_heading: thru OMITTED
dialog: 334
scene_heading: 335 EXT. THE TRAIN DEPOT - PAN SHOT - GILLESPIE’S PATROL CAR - DAY
dialog: cases in, parks.
dialog: 336
dialog: 337
dialog: 335
speaker_heading: 339
dialog: 341
dialog: 342
speaker_heading: 343
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - GILLESPIE AND TIDES
text: get out, Gillespie reaches into the back, brings out
dialog: Tibbs! suitcase, Tiobs understands, lets nim carry it, The
text: two men move off toward the platform, CA
dialog: them,
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT - TIBBS AND GILLESPIE
text: Neither speaks as they walk, go up the steps and onto the
text: platform, continue along the worn, poarded stretch, From
text: the immediate distance the first WHOOP of the train is
text: heard, the first humming on the tracks.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - THE £70 LEN
text: come in next to a bench, stop. Cillespie puts down the
text: suitease, He lights one of his thin cigars.
speaker_heading: GELLESP IE
dialog: Got your ticket?
text: Tibbs pats his pocket reassuringly, Gillespie has run out
text: of words, He looks off at:
scene_heading: PROM HIS ANGLE - THE TRAIN .
text: puffing in, its whistle SOUNDING high and Loud as tne loco-
text: motive passes, slowing, steam roping out, riffing at the
text: cuffs on the men's trousers,
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - THE TWO MEN
dialog: 
text: as the train stops. There is a meajer flow of other
text: passenger traffic, some peosile boarding, others stepping
text: off, Tibes picks up his s case,
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS .
text: turning toward Gillespie.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE , +
text: looking him back, straight in the eye,
dialog: «
scene_heading: MED, TWO SHOT .
text: Suddenly Gillespie extends his hand, Tibbs looks at it -
text: at the virgin whiteness of it. Then he extends his own hand.
text: The two men are connected,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 2ND REV. 8/10/66 139.
speaker_heading: 343
dialog: 3hh
dialog: 345
speaker_heading: 346
speaker_heading: 347
speaker_heading: 348
dialog: thru
speaker_heading: 353
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ;
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Thanks, Virgil.
text: Virgil nods. Once more the train HOOTS.
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: Well, goodbye.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Goodbye, Chief.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: (calling)
dialog: 'Boardl
text: Jibbs crosses to the steps, goes up, inside the car as
text: the train eases out.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GILLESPIE
dialog: watching.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE PLATFORM
text: and the moving train, Gillespie standing isolated on the
dialog: platform. .
scene_heading: INT. THE TRAIN - TIBBS
text: moves along the aisle, selects a seat next to the window.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - TIBBS
text: settles back, his eyes glancing out the window. But they
text: narrow as he sees:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: REV. 9/16/66 1Lo,
speaker_heading: 354
speaker_heading: 355
dialog: 356
scene_heading: HIS MOVING POV - A SIGN AT THE SIDE OF THE TRACK
text: It reads; YOU ARE NOW LEAVING THE TOWN OF SPARTA - HURRY
speaker_heading: BACK!
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TIBBS
text: and his thoughtful face, He drops his head against the
text: seat, closes his eyes,
text: CAMERA MOVES PAST him to the window, Cutside tractors and
text: earth-movers are seen digging the site for Colbert's
dialog: factory.
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: EXT, THE PASSING TRAIN WINDCW - Day
text: DOLLY SHOT .STARTING WITH TIBBS'! PROFILE IN THE WINDOW AND
text: PULLING BACK and UP (via helicopter) up, up, up, until at
text: last the train seems to be an earthworm eating its way across
dialog: endless cotton fields,
text: MUSIC UP and OVER as we SUPERIMPOSE our END TITLE,
dialog: 
