dialog: 
scene_heading: INDIANA JONES AND THE TEMPLE OF DOOM
scene_heading: STORY BY:
speaker_heading: GEORGE LUCAS
scene_heading: SCREENPLAY BY:
scene_heading: WILLARD HUYCK
speaker_heading: AND
speaker_heading: GLORIA KATZ
dialog: TM* &amp; (c) Lucasfilm Ltd., 1984
scene_heading: --------------
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1. INT. "THE DRAGON" NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 1.
text: A Chinese GONG SOUNDS and the glittering doors of an art Deco pa-
text: poda slide open to reveal a mammoth silver stairway down which
text: rows of beautiful women start descending (BEGIN MAIN TITLES)
text: The lovely ladies are a mix of races and they sing a strange,
dialog: haunting melody -- one might think them a heavenly choir, if it
text: weren't for their sexy, clinging lame gowns.
scene_heading: 2. INT. CLUB ENTRANCE 2.
text: From the ethereal beauties, we cut to a street urchin's dirty
text: face: SHORT ROUND is a ten-year-old Chinese kis wearing a beat-
dialog: up American baseball cap.
text: Sneaking into the club, Short Round weaves past the fancy gowns
text: and silk suits, heading toward the music in the main ballroom.
scene_heading: 3. INT. THE BALLROOM 3.
text: Short Round enters and stares across the smoky nightclub. On the
text: stage, he sees a giant paper-mache dragon laying curled around
text: the pagoda.
text: Now, the dragon's eyes light up, its nostrils exhale smoke and
text: its enormous jaws open. Out of the dragon's mouth walks the star
dialog: of the stage show:
text: WILLIE SCOTT, a dreamy beauty singing a sultry solo white the or-
text: chestra wails the accompaniment.
text: But Short Round's not here to ogle crooning dames. He surveys
text: the rich Chinese, American and European revelers. Jewels flash
text: and champagne flows. Short Round finally spots a table of
text: somber-looking Chinese men in suits.
text: Short Round chews gum and stares at the men. Then he turns to
text: go. WU HAN, a waiter with a scar across his cheek, watches Short
dialog: Round leave.
scene_heading: 4. INT. CLUB ENTRANCE 4.
text: As Short Round hurries toward the exit, he bumps into a man in a
text: tuxedo entering the club. Short Round looks up at the man, but
text: we don't see his face.
text: Then Short Round is grabbed by the scruff of his neck and a door-
text: man hustles him out the door, Short Round yelling insults all the
dialog: way.
text: A maitre d' apologizes to the man in the tuxedo and two hat-check
text: girls smile at him familiarly as he continues into the ballroom.
text: We notice something incongruous: the man in the tuxedo is wear-
text: ing work boots caked with mud.
scene_heading: 5. INT. THE BALLROOM 5.
text: The man in the tuxedo stops to watch Willie Scott singing sexily
text: on the stage. Then he looks around and sees the table of somber
dialog: Chinese men that Short Round spotted earlier.
text: As the man in the tuxedo walks toward the table, he removes a
text: cigarette from a silver case. He arrives at the table just as
text: the chorus and orchestra reach a crescendo --
text: And on the stage, a glistening, muscular slave swings a huge ham-
text: mer toward an enormous brass gong --
text: The man in the tuxedo leans to receive a light from a cigarette-
text: girl and, as the GONG BOOMS, the match flares to reveal his face
dialog: for the first time:
text: It's INDIANA JONES. Elegant in a tuxedo -- dressed to kill. The
text: TITLES END and over this a legend appears on the screen:
speaker_heading: SHANGHAI - 1935
text: At the table, the four Chinese man in suits stare coldly at Indi-
dialog: ana.
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: Dr. Jones.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Lao She.
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: Nee chin lie how ma?
text: Lao's men laugh and assume that Indy doesn't understand his joke.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Wah hung how, nee nah? Wah hwey
dialog: hung jing chee jah loo nee kao
dialog: soo wah shu shu.
text: LAO SHE looks angry and his men's smiles fade.
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: You never told me you spoke my
dialog: language, Dr. Jones.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I don't like to show off.
text: Indiana takes a seat across the table from Shanghai's notorious
text: crime-lord. Lao is fifty, wealthy enough to now display some
text: fat, but still muscular from his fight to the top of the garbage
dialog: heap.
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: For this special occasion, I
dialog: ordered champagne and caviar.
text: Indiana looks at the pile of caviar on the plate in front of him
text: -- and stubs his cigarette out in it. The cigarette sizzles and
text: Lao's smiles dies with it.
text: There's applause as Wille Scott finishes her song. At the
text: table, Lao stares at Indiana with a strange intensity.
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: So, it is true, Dr. Jones? you
dialog: found Nurhachi?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Sure, I found him. Then last
dialog: night I had a little trouble.
dialog: Somebody tried to slit my throat.
text: Indiana looks across the table at Lao's son, CHEN, who resembles
text: a bulldog and snarls like one now.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: It was dark, but I think one of
dialog: your sons tried to get Nurhachi
text: without paying for him.
text: Indy stares pointedly at Chen's recently bandaged hand. Chen
text: mutters and stands angrily -- Lao barks a command in Chinese and
text: Chen sits down again.
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: You have insulted my son.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Next time I'll cut off more than
text: his finger.
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: Dr. Jones -- I want Nurhachi.
text: Lao pulls a wad of cash out of his pocket and puts it on the
text: table. Indiana glances at it.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: As I recall the deal was consid-
dialog: erably more.
text: Now a pretty hand slips onto Lao's shoulder and he looks up to
text: see Willie Scott. Lao kisses her hand. Willie is unaware of the
text: explosive mood at the table and she smiles flirtaciously at Indi-
dialog: ana.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (to Lao)
dialog: Aren't you going to introduce
dialog: us?
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: This is Willie Scott.
dialog: (watching Indy)
dialog: And this is Indiana Jones, the
dialog: famous archaeologist.
text: Willie sits down between Lao and Indy. She takes out a small
text: mirror to check her make-up.
speaker_heading: LAO (Cont'd)
dialog: Dr. Jones found Nurhachi for me
text: and is about to deliver him --
dialog: now.
text: Lao nods across the table and Indy sees KAO KAN, Lao's second
text: son, open his coat and remove a silver-plated pistol. Indiana
text: looks worried. Willie doesn't notice as she fixes her make-up
text: and coyly teases Indiana.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Well -- I thought archaeologists
dialog: were always funny little men
dialog: searching for their mummies --
dialog: (yelping)
dialog: Aaahhh!
text: She looks down terrified at the knife Indy is poking against her
text: ribs.
speaker_heading: WILLE (Cont'd)
dialog: I was only kidding, can't you
dialog: take a joke -- ?
dialog: (to Lao)
dialog: Lao, he's got a knife!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Put the gun away, sonny.
text: Kao Kan glances at his father. Lao finally nods to his son and
text: he slips the pistol back into his pocket.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Now I suggest you pay me what you
dialog: promised -- or your girlfriend
dialog: here is going to be squealing a
dialog: new tune.
text: The ritzy patrons at the tables nearby are unaware of the tawdry
text: drama quietly unfolding at this table.
text: Willie eyes the blade and whimpers. She looks imploringly at Lao
text: and he slowly reaches into his pocket. He puts ten gold coins
text: next to the cash on the table.
text: Indy leans forward to look at the gold coins -- so intently that
text: he fails to notice Kao Kan spilling some powder into Indy's cham-
dialog: pagne glass!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Try again Lao -- the deal was
dialog: more.
text: The knife pokes Willie and she whimpers again. Lao reaches into
text: another pocket and brings out a folded piece of rice paper -- he
text: opens it and a large diamond and ruby spill out onto the table.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: Bingo...you see, Lao, with a
dialog: but of persuasion, even you can
dialog: be an honest fellow.
text: Indy smiles and jabs the knife into the middle of the table.
text: Then he lifts his champagne glass in a toast to Lao -- who
text: watches expectantly as Indiana moves the glass toward his lips --
text: Suddenly Willie stands angrily, jostling Indy's arm so that he
text: doesn't drink his champagne.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Look at this! He put a hole
dialog: in my dress from Paris!
text: Lao sees Indy put his champagne glass down and he snarls at Wil-
dialog: lie --
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: Sit down!
text: Willie quickly obeys. Lao forces a smile at Indy and lifts his
dialog: glass to seal the deal --
speaker_heading: LAO (Cont'd)
dialog: To your health, Dr. Jones.
text: Lao sips hs champagne and watches hopefully as Indy picks up his
text: glass and this time Indy does drink the champagne. Then he
dialog: reaches for the cash --
text: But Chen grins and puts a silver snuff bottle next to the cash,
text: gold and jewels -- he tips the little bottle over and some white
text: powder spills out of it --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: A bonus, Dr. Jones. That is
dialog: poison. You just drank the
dialog: rest of it.
text: Indiana examines his champagne glass and sees a residue at the
text: bottom of it. He swallows and feels sick, wondering it it's fear
text: or the poison already taking effect.
speaker_heading: LAO (Cont'd)
dialog: There is an antidote for this
dialog: poison. You give me Nurhachi --
dialog: I give you the antidote.
text: Indiana is sweating. Willie looks at him and sees Indy's hand
text: shaking.
speaker_heading: LAO (Cont'd)
text: The poison works fast, Dr. Jones.
dialog: Where is Nurhachi?
text: Indiana finally reaches into his pocket. Next to the cash, gold,
text: jewels and poison, Indiana sets down a beautiful small box. Lao
text: and his men stare hypnotically at the exquisite gold and enamel
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: This Nurhachi's a very small guy.
text: Nobody pays any attention to her as Lao reaches for the box.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: Inside are the remains of Nur-
dialog: hachi -- the first Emperor of the
dialog: Manchu Dynasty.
text: Lao opens the box carefully and stares reverently at the grey
text: powder inside.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: Now what about the antidote,
dialog: Lao.
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: (holding the box)
dialog: At last I have the ashes of my
dialog: sacred ancestor!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: So, what's the big deal? Let
dialog: me see it --
text: Qillie grabs Lao's arm and some of the precious ashes spill out
text: of the gold box. Stunned by this desecration of his ancestor,
text: Lao grabs Willie by the wrist and twists her arm --
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: You fool!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Ow, you're hurting me, you miser-
dialog: able little hood!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Let go of her, Lao. And give me
dialog: the antidote.
text: Lao just laughs evilly -- until a waiter moves up behind Lao and
text: the crimelord suddenly stiffens. He lets go of Willie's wrist
text: and raises his hands off the table. Chen stops collecting the
dialog: money and jewels.
text: Kao Kan tenses and Indy smiles at Wu Han, the Chinese waiter with
text: the scar, who is standing behind Lao. Wu Han has a towel over
text: his hand -- under it, he has a pistol pressed against Lao's
dialog: spine.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: (smiling at Wu Han)
dialog: I like the service here.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Hey, he's not a waiter...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: No, Wu Han's an old friend I
dialog: brought along.
dialog: (to Lao)
dialog: So, the game's not over. Put
text: the antidote on the table, Lao.
text: Lao carefully reaches into his pocket and puts a small glass vial
text: of liquid next to the cash, gold, jewels, poison and sacred box.
text: Indy looks relieved as he reaches for the vial of antidote --
text: then he hears a muffled report! And another!
text: Wu Han groans and sways. Indy starts to stand but Chen immedi-
text: ately turns the smoking pistol with the silencer that he used to
text: kill Wu Han -- Indy sees it pointed at him now and he remains in
text: his seat.
text: Kao Kan stands and grabs Wu Han, easing the phoney waiter into
text: the chair he just vacated. The muffled shooting hasn't attracted
text: any attention. The nightclub activity continues an Indy speaks
text: emotionally to his dying friend.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Wu Han -- listen to me -- I'm
dialog: going to get you out of here.
text: In pain, Wu Han looks at Indy and struggles to speak --
speaker_heading: WU HAN
dialog: Not this time, my friend...
dialog: (smiling bravely)
dialog: I followed you on many adventures --
dialog: but into the great Unknown Mystery,
dialog: I go first, Indy...
text: Wu Han dies and slumps forward. Indiana is shattered by the
text: death of his old friend.
speaker_heading: LAO
dialog: Don't be sad, Dr. Jones -- you
dialog: will soon join him.
text: Indy's gaze shifts from his dead friend to Lao's sneering face.
text: Then Indy sees the murderous Chen giggling perversely. Indy's
text: anger is compounded by the poison burning in his gut and his vis-
text: ion of Chen's ugly face blurs into a double image --
text: Indy stands up unsteadily. Chen assumes he's about to keel over
text: from the poison -- but Indy suddenly turns and grabs a real wai-
text: ter at another table. The waiter holds a long skewer of roasted
text: pigeons that he's just set afire --
text: Indy grabs the skewer of pigeons flambee and hurls is across the
text: table! Chen fires and misses -- and screams as the skewer stabs
text: into his chest and the burning pigeons flame in front of his hor-
dialog: rified face!
text: This the other tables definitely notice. There are screams and
text: all hell breaks loose. Indiana shoves past Willie and reaches
dialog: for the vial on the table --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: The antidote -- !
text: But he's grabbed from behind by Kao Kan. Indy elbows the punk,
text: reaches back and grabs his head -- and somersaults Kao Kan onto
dialog: the table!
text: As nubmer two son crashes into the table, the impact sends the
text: Emperor Nurhachi's ashes billowing into Lao's stricken face!
text: Indiana yells as he sees the vial of antidote rolling across the
dialog: table -- and falling!
text: Indiana dives and catches the antidote just before it hits the
text: floor -- then Indy's hand is brutally stomped on by one of Lao's
text: henchmen and the vial rolls away.
text: Indiana angrily raises his head, smashing it up into the hench-
text: man's groin -- the man howls like a banshee and hobbles away.
dialog: 
text: Meanwhile, Willie watches Lao grabbing for cash from the table.
text: Willie lunges past the pigeon-skewered Chen to snatch the jewels,
text: but unfortunately Kao Kan knocks them off the table as he leaps
dialog: to attack Indy.
text: Indiana scrambles on his hands and knees after the rolling vial.
text: People keep kicking it -- he almost has it when Willie runs into
text: him, trips and lands on her back.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Look out, damn it, I need that
dialog: antidote!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Who cares? Where's that diamond!
text: Gunfire explodes and they both scramble in different directions.
text: Indy dives through the fleeing nightclub patrons and slides be-
text: hind a water-spewing fountain. Water kicks up as Indy is shot at
text: by Lao and his henchmen.
text: Indy sees the vial of antidote kicked again and it spins across
text: the marble floor -- feeling the poison, Indy shakes his head
text: groddily and splashes water on his face.
text: Meanwhile, Willie is chasing her diamond, shoving through the
text: panicked crowd. She spots the diamond! Another elegantly
text: dresses soman is bending to pick it up --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (acidly polite)
dialog: Excuse me, but I believe that's
dialog: my diamond!
text: Willie smiles and suddenly kicks the woman in the butt! Willie
text: reaches to get the diamond but not before the other woman tackles
dialog: her.
text: Behind the fountain, Indiana makes a break -- he runs and dives
text: on top of a serving cart. The wheeled cart hurtles toward an un-
text: suspecting gunman, crashes into him from behind and sends him
text: flying head first into a row of ice buckets.
text: Nearby, Willie slugs the other lady in the jaw and grabs for the
text: elusive diamond just as the ice buckets showers ice across the
dialog: floor -- which camouflages the diamond!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Aw nuts!
text: Searching desperately for the jewel, Willie sees the vial of
text: antidote spinning across the floor --as it slides by, she grabs
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (O.S.)
dialog: Hey,doll! Don't move!
text: She sees Indy speeding by atop the serving cart. Lao and his
text: gunmen rush out to block the way. Indy rolls off the cart and
text: slides behind a potted palm as Lao's men open fire again.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: (shouting to Willie)
dialog: Hey, don't go away! I need that!
text: Willie smiles meanly as she slips the vial down the front of her
text: dress, thumbs her nose at Indiana and walks away.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: If I wasn't dying, I'd kill her...
text: Hiding behind the palm tree, Indiana looks around and spots a gi-
text: ant statue at the side of the stage. Indy makes a break for it.
text: As the gunmen open fire, Indy springs onto a chair -- jumps onto
text: a table -- and leaps onto the stage. He grabs the golden broad-
dialog: sword from the Chinese warrior statue!
text: As bullets smash into the statue, Indiana hides behind it. Then
text: he jumps out and swings the large sword toward the enormous brass
text: gong.
text: The crimson cord holding the gong is SLASHED! Indy slings the
text: sword at his assailants and gives the three-meter-high gong a
dialog: helpful shove --
text: The giant gong rolls and echoes as it crashes down the marble
text: steps. Indiana ducks behind it as it gains momentum and rolls
text: across the dance floor.
text: Using the gong as an enormous shield, Indy evades the gunfire ex-
text: ploding -- bullets ricochet off the rolling brass gong as Indy
text: runs behind it.
text: Ahead, Willie hurries toward an exit -- she hears something and
text: turns -- her eyes go wide as she sees the mammoth gong bearing
dialog: down on her!
text: Willie yells as Indiana grabs her arm and pulls her behind the
dialog: gong with him --
text: Lao watches amazed as he and his gunmen dodge tables trying to
text: get better firing positions -- and more henchmen come into the
dialog: club now and start firing machine guns!
text: As bullets clang against the gong, Indiana and Willie run behind
text: it. Willie hollers as they head directly for a towering, floor-
dialog: to-ceiling window!
text: Indiana grabs Willie around the waist and, after the huge gong
text: crashes through the stained-glass window, they both fly after it!
scene_heading: 6. EXT. "THE DRAGON" NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 6.
text: In a shower of sparkling glass, the enormous gong sails out and
text: crashes down a sloping green-tiled roof. Indiana Jones and Wil-
dialog: lie Scott hurtle into the night air after it!
text: The gong rolls down the roof and they hit the tiles behind it,
text: Indiana holding onto Willie as they roll one-over-the-other
text: toward the edge -- Willie screams as they fall into thin air!
text: Their entwined bodies plummet three stories: ripping through a
text: third-floor awning, crashing through an old man's mattress on a
dialog: second-floor balcony --
text: Finally they smash through the convertible top of a parked Duesen-
dialog: berg and fall into the back seat!
scene_heading: 7. INT. THE DUESENBERG 7.
text: Willie sits up wide-eyed, speechless and amazed to be alive.
text: Then she sees an equally astonished Short Round looking at them
text: from the front seat.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Wow! Holy smoke! Crash landing!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Step on it, Short Round!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Okey doke, Indy! Hold onto your
dialog: potatoes!
text: The twelve-year-old Chinese kid turns his baseball cap bill-
text: backwards and steps on the gas! The tires squeal as the car
text: roars off --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: For crying out loud, a kid's driv-
dialog: ing the car?!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Relax, I've been giving him lessons.
scene_heading: 8. EXT. THE NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 8.
text: The Duesenberg races past the entrace to the nightclub as Lao
text: and his man rush out and jump into two black sedans. The sedans
text: screech off in pursuit of the Duesenberg.
scene_heading: 9. INT. THE DUESENBERG 9.
text: As Short Round eagerly swerves around a corner, Willie holds on
text: for dear life. Indiana suddenly puts his hand down the front of
dialog: Willie's dress --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Listen, we just met for crissake!
dialog: I'm not that kind of gril!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Don't get your hopes up -- where's
dialog: the antidote?
text: Indiana withdraws his hand, having finally found the vial. He
text: opens is quickly, tips the vial to his lips and grimaces as he
text: swallows the stuff.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You don't look very good.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Poison never agrees with me.
dialog: (shouting forward)
dialog: Pull a right, Short Round, and
dialog: head for the Wang Poo bridge!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Check! Gotcha!
text: As the car accelerates, Indy peers out the back window at their
text: pursuers. Willie notices her reflection in the side window --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Look at what you've done to me!
dialog: I'm a mess! My lipstick's smeared,
dialog: I broke two nails, I've got an aw-
dialog: ful run in my stocking -- !
text: Gunfire suddenly explodes, bullets whizz through the canvas top
text: and the rear window shatters and sprays glass! Willie ducks and
text: cringes terrified in the corner --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Somehow I think you've got bigger
dialog: problems.
text: Indy grabs his shoulder bag and pulls a pistol out of it. He
text: pokes the gun through the broken window and starts firing back at
text: their pursuers -- then he turns and looks ahead.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: There, Shorty! Through the
dialog: tunnel!
text: Through the windows we see the car racing into a tunnel. Lights
text: from the pursuing cars flash through the rear window and gunfire
text: echoes in the tunnel.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What're we going to do?! Where're
dialog: we going?!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: The airport...No, look out,
dialog: Short Round! Left, left!
text: Indy reaches over the front seat and helps Short Round navigate.
scene_heading: 10. EXT. A SHANGHAI SQUARE - NIGHT 10.
text: The Duesenberg tears around the square, followed by Lao's two se-
text: dans. People on the street dive for cover -- coolies pulling
text: rickshaws go into hyper-jov --lanterns spanning the street crash
text: down and are dragged behind the Duesenberg. Bullets exlode and
text: amazed prostitutes watch the cars zoom past.
scene_heading: 11. INT. THE DUESENBERG - NIGHT 11.
text: The chaotic chase continues -- bullets whine past and the shred-
text: ded convertible top whips in the wind.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: You got the tickets, Short Round?
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Sure, Indy -- three tickets!
dialog: You, me and Wu Han --
text: Shorty throws an envelope back and Indy looks at the three
dialog: tickets.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Wu Han's not coming, Shorty.
text: Unaware of what happened at the club, Short Round thinks a mo-
dialog: ment.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Don't worry, Indy. Short Round
dialog: number one bodyguard now!
text: Willie reaches for the extra ticket.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I'll take the extra ticket.
dialog: (grabbing it
dialog: from Indy)
dialog: Where's this plane going anyway?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Siam.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Siam? But I'm not dressed for
dialog: Siam...
scene_heading: 12. EXT. COUNTRY HIGHWAY - NIGHT 12.
text: Leaving behind the squalid port, the Duesenberg flies along the
text: highway through the trees. In a moment, Lao's two sedans race
dialog: by.
scene_heading: 13. EXT. NANG TAO AIRFIELD - NIGHT 13.
text: The Duesenberg swings around a curve and skids through gravel to-
text: ward the airfield. In the distance there is a small terminal but
text: Short Round wheels the car toward the cargo area --
text: A two-engine passenger plane is revving its motors and the last
text: passengers are boarding. The Duesenberg squeals to a stop and
text: Indy jumps out with Willie and Short Round right on his heels.
text: A contingent of airport Military Police move to bar their way
text: until WEBER, a heavy-set Englishman, runs up pufffing and shout-
dialog: ing.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: No, no, they're all right!
dialog: Let them through please.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Thanks, Weber.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: Dr. Jones, this is positively the
dialog: last time our airline can hold a
dialog: plane for you. Now you must hurry!
text: While Short Round grabs a small bag out of the car, Weber and a
text: stewardess take their tickets and rush them all toward the air-
dialog: plane.
text: Meanwhile, the two sedans skid to a stop and Lao and his son Kao
text: Kan jumpsout with their henchmen. The puzzled military police
dialog: advance on them usspiciously --
text: Realizing he's outnumbered, Lao instructs his men to stay back
dialog: and to put away their weapons.
scene_heading: 14. EXT. THE AIRPLANE 14.
text: Willie and Short Round charge up the ladder and onto the plane.
text: Indy pauses at the top of the steps to give Lao a cocky farewell
text: salute. Indy boards the plane and the co-pilot slams the door.
scene_heading: 15. EXT. THE AIRFIELD 15.
text: The plane starts taxiing. By the cars, Lao is buffeted by the
text: prop wash as he angrily watches the plane roll away. Behind Lao,
text: his son, Kao Kan, stares at the plane taking off -- a look on Kao
text: Kan's face indicates that he hasn't given up yet...
text: The plane lifts off the airfield, silhouetted against the clouds
text: and the first light of dawn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 16. EXT. THE DKY - MORNING 16.
text: The sun flashes above the horizon and the plane banks through
text: white billowing clouds at it heads west.
scene_heading: 17. INT. THE PLANE 17.
text: A door opens at the rear of the plane and Indiana Jones exits
text: wearing more familiar attire: a beat-up leather jacket over a
text: khaki shirt and a snap-brim hat. He passes a dozen passengers as
text: he moves up the aisle carrying his rolled-up tuzedo.
text: In the first row, Willie is busy fixing her make-up. Shorty sits
text: in the seat across the aisle from her. Indy comes up and drops
text: his tuxedo onto the floor.
text: Willie sees him hook his coiled bullwhip over a coat-peg.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: So, what're you supposed to be,
dialog: a lion tamer?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Since I was nice enough to let
dialog: you tag along, why don't you give
dialog: your mouth a rest? Okay, doll?
text: Indy pats her leg -- she removes his hand and reaches down and
text: picks up his tuxedo coat. She slips it on.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I'm freezing. What do you mean,
dialog: tag along? From the minute you
dialog: walked into that nightclub, you
dialog: haven't been able to keep your
text: eyes off me.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Oh yeah?
text: He smiles and tips his hat down over his eyes to go to sleep...
scene_heading: 18. INT. THE COCKPIT 18.
text: At the same moment, the Chinese co-pilot tips his hat up off his
text: eyes -- and looks scared to death! He exclaims in Chinese --
scene_heading: CO-PILOT (*subtitled*)
dialog: Good lord!
text: He and the pilot see two biplanes materialize out of the clouds
text: and dive directly toward them! Suddenly, machine gunfire erupts!
speaker_heading: PILOT (*subtitled)
dialog: Dive for the clouds! Dive!
scene_heading: 19. EXT. THE SKY - DAY 19.
text: The DC-3 banks into the clouds as the two biplanes attack. In
text: the back seat of the first biplane, we see Kao Kan watching the
text: DC-3 like a hawk about to bring down a sparrow.
scene_heading: 20. INT. THE COCKPIT 20.
text: The biplanes swoop past both sides of the plane and bursts of
text: gunfire rip along the fuselage.
scene_heading: CO-PILOT (*subtitled)
dialog: They hit a fuel line!
speaker_heading: PILOT (*subtitled*)
dialog: Reduce speed -- get everyone out
dialog: of the plane!
scene_heading: 21 INT. THE PASSENGER CABIN 21.
text: As the air battle rages, the passengers are tossed about and some
text: start screaming. Short Round peers out a window.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Lao send planes to kill Indy!
text: Willie shakes Indy's arm but he continues snoring under his hat.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Wake up! It's the drug he drank
dialog: to stop the poison --
text: The cockpit door bursts open and the Chinese co-pilot exits to
text: make an announcement -- he smiles and speaks in CHINESE, then he
text: smiles and speaks in FRENCH --
text: Willie looks lost until the Chinese co-pilot smiles again and
dialog: speaks in ENGLISH --
speaker_heading: CO-PILOT
dialog: Please to remain calm. We start
text: passing out parachutes now --
text: The co-pilot hurries toward the rear. Willie looks petrified as
text: a stewardess rushes up and hands her a parachute.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You got to be kidding! No! No,
dialog: I can't!
text: The pilot hurries out of the cockpit and grabs his parachute as
text: he heads toward the back.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: Wait -- who's flying the plane?!
text: She opens the door to the cockpit --
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: Nobody's flying the plane ...
scene_heading: 22. EXT. THE SKY - DAY 22.
text: The DC-3 smokes through the clouds. Passengers are bailing out
text: -- parachutes billowing. As one of the fighters swoops through
text: the parachutes, Kao Kan searches the faces -- then he points at
dialog: the DC-3.
speaker_heading: KAO KAN
dialog: (into the radio)
dialog: Jones! Indiana Jones!
text: The two planes roar off and start strafing the DC-3 again.
scene_heading: 23. INT. THE PASSENGER CABIN 23.
text: The co-pilot has a parachute on and is trying to get Short Round
dialog: into one.
speaker_heading: CO-PILOT
dialog: Put it on! What's wrong with
dialog: you? You've got to jump!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: No, can't leave Indy!
text: Short Round suddenly butts the co-pilot in the stomach with his
text: head. The co-pilot yells and falls out the door. Short Round
text: sees the co-pilot's parachute billow. Then Willie rushes up.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Give me that parachute, I
dialog: changed my mind --
text: She grabs the parachute and starts to fight Shorty over it--
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: No, this last one! It's for Indy!
text: They scuffle until the parachute skids across the floor. Short
text: Round jumps for it -- the parachute falls out the door and Short
text: Round starts to fall out after it!
text: Willie grabs him by the seat of his pants and hauls him back from
dialog: the abyss!
scene_heading: 24. EXT. THE SKY - DAY 24.
text: The fighters peel off toward the DC-3 with their guns flaming in
text: another attack.
scene_heading: 25. INT. THE PASSENGER CABIN 25.
text: Short Round tries to wake Indy again. Finally, Shorty grabs
text: Indy's bag, pulls his holster out of it and runs toward the back.
text: Indy continues to sleep -- until bullets smash the window by his
text: head and a fire extinguisher is hit and starts spraying into
text: Indy's face.
text: He finally awakens and jumps up. He looks around is disbelief at
text: the battle-torn, nearly-empty airplane.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (groggily)
dialog: We there yet?
text: Indiana sees Shorty shooting his pistol out the side door as the
text: planes swoop by again. Out of ammo, Shorty throws the gun
text: angrily at the passing plane.
text: Indiana picks up his whip and attaches it to his belt as Willie
text: runs over to him.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: There's nobody flying the plane!
scene_heading: 26. INT. THE COCKPIT 26.
text: The door flies open and Indy rushes in with Willie behind him.
text: Indy appraises the situation quickly and jumps into the pilot's
dialog: seat with total confidence --
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: You know how to fly?
text: Indy surveys the control panels, the myraid of dials and switches --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: No.
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: Do you?
scene_heading: 27. INT. THE PASSENGER CABIN 27.
text: Willie runs screaming out of the cockpit, her last hope shatter-
text: ed. Shorty is pulling something out of the cargo compartment --
text: he's found a machine gun and sets it up on a short tripod.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Come here, lady, hold this and
dialog: shut up please!
text: He pulls Willie down to the floor and shoves her the ammunition
text: belt that's draped toward the gun. Then Shorty jumps behind the
dialog: machine gun --
text: As the first fighter appears off their side, Short Round blasts
text: out the open door! The machine gun explodes to life, chewing
text: bullets, smoking and spitting shells at Willie --
text: Willie hollers terrified by manages to feed the ammo belt as
text: Short Round sights the blazing machine gun -- suddenly he shoops!
text: Willie sees the fighter hit -- it smokes and veers away -- and
dialog: then EXPLODES!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: I get it!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You got it!
text: The second plane swoops down and Short Round blasts away. This
text: time as he swivels the gun, he misses and hits one of the DC-3's
dialog: own engines and it explodes!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Oh oh -- big mistake!
scene_heading: 28. INT. THE COCKPIT 28.
text: Trying to figure out the controls, Indy looks up to see their en-
text: gine explose into flames --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Short Round, what in the hell
dialog: are you doing?
text: Suddenly the DC-3 emerges out of a cloud and Indy sees they are
text: headed directly for a mountain! He pulls back hard on the con-
text: trols as a rocky peak looms lethally in front of them.
scene_heading: 29. EXT. THE SKY - DAY 29.
text: The DC-3 lifts at the last second and smashes some snow off the
text: uppermost pinnacle as it clears the mountain by inches!
text: Kao Kan's fighter is glued to the DC-3's tail and continues to
text: strafe -- but the fighter pilot pulls up too late -- and the
text: fighter explodes as it hits the peak of the mountain!
scene_heading: 30. INT. THE PASSENGER CABIN 30.
text: Indy rushes out of the smoking cockpit to find Willie and Short
text: Round crawling out from under the debris that's fallen on them.
text: Then Indy spots something in the wreckage --
text: He pulls at some yellow canvas and Willie sees as sign: EMERGENCY
text: LIFE RAFT. Indy drags the folded canvas over to the open door.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Are you crazy, a lift raft?! We're
dialog: not sinking, we're crashing!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Get over here, damn it! Short Round,
dialog: come on, grab onto me tight!
text: Willie sees Short Round rush over to Indiana and grab him around
text: the waist from behind. Willie finally jumps up and runs over --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Wait for me!
text: She throws her arms around Indy's neck so that she and Shorty are
text: both hugging him from behind. Indy clutches the folded lift raft
text: in front of him and surveys the mountainside rushing close be-
dialog: neath the skinking airplane --
text: Finally, an instant before the plane will hit, Indy dives and
dialog: pulls the inflation cord!
scene_heading: 31. EXT. THE SKY 31.
text: As the smoking DC-3 screams out of control toward the mountain,
text: skimming the rocky snow-covered slopes, we see the lift raft
text: spilling out the open door --
text: The raft pops into its full shape, acting now as a spoiler, soar-
text: ing against the rushing wind and finally crashing and bouncing
text: against the snowy mountainside.
text: In the distance, we see the DC-3 finally kiss the earth and ex-
text: plode in a cloud of flame against a rocky escarpment -- metal and
dialog: earth mushrooming in a million directions!
scene_heading: 32. EXT. THE MOUNTAINSIDE 32.
text: As the raft rockets down the snow, Indiana clutches the front and
text: Willie and Short Round hold on for dear life on either side of
dialog: him.
text: The raft plummets down the mountain, crossing the timber-line and
text: entering a forest. Bouncing over a snow-hidden log, the raft
text: shoots directly for a tree --
text: Indiana pulls on the perimeter rope, rolls on his side and man-
text: ages to swerve the raft so it caroms offthe snow-drifted side of
text: the tree trunk.
text: Continuing its downhill run, the raft smashes across a small
text: steam, sending silvery water spraying.
text: As the raft skids below the snow-level, it starts bouncing over
text: rocky ground and its three passengers' teeth start chattering.
scene_heading: 33. EXT. A BLUFF 33.
text: The yellow raft crashes through a tangle of bushes and then plum-
text: mets toward a bluff! The raft goes airborne over a small bluff
text: and lands with a splash in a slow-moving river.
scene_heading: 34. EXT. THE RIVER 34.
text: The life raft drifts down the river and Indy looks around and
text: smiles cockily at Willie and Short Round --
text: Their faces don't show gratitude, but horror -- Indy hears some-
text: thing and turns to see:
scene_heading: 35. EXT. WHITE WATER RAPIDS 35.
text: The raft is heading directly toward a surging stretch of treach-
text: erous rapids. Indiana looks less cocky as he and Willie and
dialog: Short Round hold on again for dear life!
text: The raft plunges into the roaring torrent, bouncing over rock-
text: swollen waves, twisting and spinning through narrow gaps. The
text: three helpless passengers are drenched in the thundering cascades
text: of white water.
text: Willie is hallering, Short Round hangs on wide-eyed and even Indy
text: looks terrified as the raft crashes down the rapids. Finally,
text: after one heart-stopping bounce, the raft seems to slow.
scene_heading: 36. EXT. RIVER CLEARING 36.
text: The raft drifts out of the main part of the river and glides to-
text: ward a clearing. Its three soaked and bedraggled passengers lie
text: motionless in the bottom.
text: Indy's hand drags alongside the raft, his fingers leaving a trail
text: in the almost still water. Battered and exhausted, but always
text: Indy's "bodyguard", Shorty looks over at him worriedly --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Okay, Shorty.
text: Indy looks over at Willie who is moaning.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: No... I'm not cut out for the
dialog: kind of life you lead.
dialog: (moaning)
dialog: Oh no...I ripped my dress. Where
dialog: are we anyway?
text: The raft floats to a gentle stop -- we see it nudge against a
text: pair of dark feet. Indy squints up into the sun and sees some-
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: India...
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Holy cow -- India? How do you
dialog: know we're in --
text: She rolls over and yelps as she looks up at the bizarre, painted
text: face of a SHAMAN. Silhoutted against the blazing sun, the skin-
text: ny little old man in a loincoloth stares down at them in the raft.
text: An eerie wind rises and howls. The old man places his palms to-
text: gether and moves his hands up to touch his forehead. Willie and
text: Short Round watch mystified as Indiana returns the old shaman's
text: silent greeting.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 37. EXT. THE MAYAPORE HILLS - DAY 37.
text: Indya and Short Round follow the shaman and four peasants down a
text: gutted path through barren rolling hills. Willie is out of her
text: milieu, stumbling along this forlorn landscape in high heels,
text: tuxedo jacket and disheveled lame gown.
text: She hears the old shaman talking to Indy and catches up with them
text: to find out what's going on.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (to Indiana)
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: He told me they knew I was coming
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What do you mean -- how?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: The old man saw it in a dream.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Dream -- nightmare is more like it.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: He said that's whey they were at
dialog: river -- they were waiting for
text: the plane to fall down.
text: He looks at her bewildered face and smiles faintly. As they
text: walk, a hot wind swirls dust around them, a wind slowly ravaging
text: what soil is left in this terribly blighted region.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 38. EXT. MAYAPORE - DAY 38.
text: At the base of the hills, Mayapore village does nothing to re-
text: lieve the awful sense of devastation. A desolate road runs
text: through the village, along which groups of ptiifully poor vil-
text: lagers stare at the strangers being brought in.
text: Hopeless women lift buckets from a dry well -- finding only sand.
text: Skinny miserable dogs skulk between the decrepit village huts,
text: eyed by the patient vultures lurling in scraggly trees.
text: Indiana notices the wretched peasants staring at Short Round,
text: some of them pointing at him, a few haggard women shedding tears
text: down their wrinkled faces as the little Chinese boy passes.
text: There is no sign of children in the village and Short Round grows
text: frightened by the odd attention. He moves closer to Indy as they
dialog: pass the devastated population.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 39. RXT. MAYAPORE VILLAGE - AFTER SUNSET 39.
text: Black clouds clot across the blood-red sky as darkness falls.
text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round sit tensely on a shabby rug.
text: Above their heads, there is a thatched roof, but there are no
dialog: walls.
text: The dying sunset silhouettes them and the half-dozen elders seat-
text: ed in the dirt around them. A grey-haired man, the village
text: CHIEFTAIN, gives quiet commands to the women who scuttle in and
text: set wooden plates in front of the three visitors. No plates are
text: places in front of the elders.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (quietly to Indy)
dialog: I hope this means we're going to
dialog: get some dinner.
text: Indiana sees the painted shaman, who sits next to the chieftain,
text: watching Willie. The women bring in a bowl from which they scoop
text: tiny portions of grey gruel onto three plates.
text: To this the women add a few grains of yellowed rice and a with-
text: ered ,molding piece of fruit. Willie looks aghast at the unappe-
dialog: tizing combination.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: God, I am starving, but I can't
dialog: eat this...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: That's more food than these people
dialog: eat in a week.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: They're starving, too...
text: Willie looks around at the emaciated faces and feels like crawl-
text: ing into a hole.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I'm sorry, I -- here, please.
text: She picks up her plate and gently hands it back to the women.
text: The chieftain finally speaks to them --
speaker_heading: CHIEFTAIN
dialog: You will rest here before you go
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: We'd appreciate that. This was an
dialog: unexpected detour. We'll have to go
dialog: to Delhi now and find a flight west.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Indy is taking me to America.
text: All eyes are on Short Round. Puzzled by this strange attention,
text: Shorty's smile fades nervously.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I'm a professor. I have to re-
dialog: turn to the university. Can you
dialog: give us a guide to take us to Delhi?
text: The chieftain indicates a young villager sitting near them.
speaker_heading: CHIEFTAIN
dialog: Sanju will guide you.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Thank you.
text: The old shaman speaks now for the first time.
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: On the way to Delhi, you will
dialog: stop at Pankot.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (puzzled)
text: Pankot isn't on the way to Delhi.
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: You will go to palace there.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Hasn't the Pankot palace been de-
dialog: serted since the Mutiny of 1857?
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: No. Now there is new Maharajah --
text: and palace is powerful again.
text: The shaman looks around at his unfortunate people.
speaker_heading: SHAMAN (Cont'd)
dialog: It is Pankot Palace that kills my
dialog: village.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I don't understand. What's hap-
dialog: pened here?
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
text: The evil starts in Pankot. Then
text: like monsoon, it moves darkness
dialog: over all country.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: What evil?
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: They came from Palace and took
dialog: sivalinga from out village.
text: Willie looks over at Indiana --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Took what?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: It's a sacred stone in a shine
dialog: that's supposed to protect a
dialog: village.
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: It is why Krishna brought you here.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (politely firm)
dialog: Nobody brought us here. Our plane
dialog: crashed. We were shot down by --
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: No. We pray to Krishna to help us
dialog: find the stone. It was Krishna who
dialog: made you fall from sky -- so you can
dialog: got to Pankot Palace. To find siva-
dialog: linga -- and bring back to us.
text: Indy's about to object -- then he looks at the sad chieftain, the
text: elders and peasants who are watching him helplessly. And he sees
text: again the dark steady eyes of the old shaman.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 40. EXT. MAYAPORE VILLAGE - NIGHT 40.
text: Torches falre eerily and dogs howl as the peasants accompany the
text: shaman, elders and three visitors out ot the edge of the dark
text: village. Short Round walks beside Indy.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy, they make out plane crash?
dialog: To get you here?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: It's just superstition, Shorty.
text: Like a ghost story.
text: Short Round looks plenty scared as they all stop walking. The
text: shaman motions and the men with torches circle around a pile of
text: rocks to illuminate them. The shaman makes a gesture of devotion
text: to the primitive shrine and Indy speaks to the village chieftain.
speaker_heading: CHIEFTAIN
dialog: Yes.
text: Indiana seems skeptical as he kneels to study the shrine. On top
text: of the pile of rocks, there is a carved niche. The niche is
text: empty but an indentation indicates the conical shape of the stone
dialog: that was stolen.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Was the stone very smooth?
dialog: (he sees the
dialog: chieftain nod)
dialog: It was probably brought here from
dialog: a sacred river.
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: (joining Indy and
dialog: the chieftain)
dialog: Long ago -- before my father's
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: And it had three lines painted
dialog: across it?
dialog: (seeing the
dialog: shaman nod)
text: The lines represent the three
dialog: levels of the universe. I've seen
dialog: stones like the one you lost.
text: Indy stands slowly. Willie is beside him looking at the shrine.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I don't understand how losing one
dialog: rock could destroy this village.
dialog: (whispering to Indy)
dialog: Is it really powerful?
text: Indy gives a doubtful smile. He turns again to the old shaman.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: But why would the Maharajah take
dialog: this sacred stone?
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: They say we must pray to their
dialog: evil god. We say we will not.
text: The old shaman looks off and fights the tears in his eyes as he
text: starts speaking in Hindi.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (translating)
dialog: He says that when the sacred stone
dialog: was taken the village wells dried
text: up first and then the river stopped.
text: Indy turns and asks the shaman a question in Hindi. The shaman
text: answers in Hindi.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (translating)
text: He says their crops dies and then
dialog: the animals died.
text: The shaman walks to the edge of the torchlight and looks out into
text: the darkness as he continues speaking emotionally in Hindi --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (translating)
dialog: And then they took their children.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Their children?
text: She looks at Short Round and finally understands the sorrowful
text: faces always watching him. Indy asks another question in Hindi
text: and the shaman continues his story --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (translating)
dialog: He says one night there was a fire
text: in the fields. The men went to
dialog: fight it. When they came back,
dialog: they heard the women crying in the
dialog: darkness. And the children were
dialog: gone.
text: The shaman walks slowly toward Indiana.
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: You will find them when you find
dialog: sivlalinga.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I'm sorry, I don't know how I can
dialog: help you here.
text: The shaman and the chieftain stare and Indiana, refusing to accept
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: The English authorities who con-
dialog: trol this area are the only ones
dialog: who can help you.
speaker_heading: CHIEFTAIN
dialog: They do not listen.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I have friends in Delhi and I will
dialog: make sure they investigate this...
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: No, you will got to Pankot...
text: The old man speaks again in his own tongue and Indy looks dis-
text: turbed.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What'd he say now?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: It was destined that I came here --
dialog: and the future cannot be changed...
text: Indy looks ath the shaman and the torchlight reflected in his
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 41. EXT. MAYAPORE - NIGHT 41.
text: Suddenly we're rushing headlong down a dark dirt path seen from
text: the POV of somebody running in terror. We hear heavy breathing
text: -- above we see the scraggly trees blowing against the full moon
text: as an eerie wind rises and howls. We continue crashing through
text: the dying fields tward the dark village...
scene_heading: 42. INT. INDIANA'S HUT - NIGHT 42.
text: The wind swirls into the hut and Indiana's eyes open. He lies
text: still a moment and then sits up slowly. He sees Short Round
text: sleeping nearby.
text: Sensing something strange, Indy gets to his feet. He steps
text: around Short Round and goes to the door of the hut.
scene_heading: 43. EXT. THE HUT - NIGHT 43.
text: Indy walks against the rising wind and looks around. The village
text: is asleep and seems deserted. Then he turns and sees something.
text: We follow small bare feet stumbling through the dust...
text: Indy sees an emaciated child in rag running out of the darkness.
text: Indiana moves forward and the child runs toward him. Indy grabs
text: the little boy as he falls into his arms.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 44. INT. THE SHAMAN'S HUT - NIGHT 44.
text: A few minutes later, the little boy is lying unconscious on a
text: blanket. Elders crouch around him. Indy is kneeling and watches
text: the shaman wet the boy's forehead with a rag and drip water onto
text: his lips.
text: The little boy's eyes open and he begins to revive. Shrot Round
text: And Willie watch from a corner as the little boy looks at all the
text: faces peering down at him.
text: The little boy's arm moves and he reaches out to Indy rather than
text: any of the others. Indy takes his small hand and sees that the
text: boy's fingers are cut and bruised -- his fingers open and drop
text: something into Indy's hand.
text: The little boy tries to whisper. Indy has to lean close to hear
text: as the little boy's lips move again --
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: Sankara...
text: A mother rushes into the hut now and kneels and hugs her little
text: boy. His skinny arms go around her as they are reunited. Indy
text: stands slowly and looks at what the little boy gave him --
text: It is a small tattered piece of cloth: an old fragment of a mini-
text: ature painting. Indiana looks at it with an expression of recog-
dialog: nition and apprehension...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Sankara...
scene_heading: 45. EXT. THE VILLAGE - MORNING 45.
text: The camera follows Indiana -- he's walking fast and determinded-
text: ly. Villagers trot alongside of him, trying to keep up with is
text: pace as he questions thm in Hindi.
text: Indy approaches two large elephants and sees their guide Sajnu
text: trying to politely drag Willie toward one of them.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Damn it , Willie, get on -- we've
dialog: got to move out!
text: Willie's head comes up over the back of the elephant as she's
text: helped from below -- there is a look of sheer terror on her face.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Whoa! Easy now -- nice elephant...
text: Waiting by the second elephant, Short Round sees Indy coming and
text: runs up to him --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: I ride with you, Indy?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Nope, you got a little surprise
dialog: over there, Shorty.
text: Short Round runs around the big elephant and sees a baby elephant
text: being brought out. He can't believe his luck --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Oh boy!
text: Meanwhile Sajnu goads Willie's elephant over. The villagers look
text: grief stricken and many are crying as they watch the three stran-
text: gers' departure.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (to Short Round)
dialog: This is the first time anybody
dialog: ever cried when I left.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: They don't cry about you. They
text: cry about the elephants leaving.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Figures...
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: They got no food to feed them. So
text: they taking the elephants away to
dialog: sell them.
text: Indy lumbers over on his elephant.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: All right, let's go. I want to get
dialog: to Pankot before tomorrow night.
text: She looks at Indiana as he rides past.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Pankot?! I thought we were going
dialog: to Delhi! Hey, wait a minute!
dialog: (looking at
dialog: the villagers)
dialog: Can't somebody take me to Delhi?!
dialog: I don't want to go to Pankot!
text: Sajnu guides her elephant and Willie lurches forward --
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Indiana! Damn it! Why'd you
dialog: change your mind? What did that
dialog: kid tell you last night?!
text: Indy ignores her hollering. The elephants move off through the
text: crowds of pitiful villagers. Indy sees the elders, chieftain and
text: the old shaman who brings his hands up to his forehead as Indy
text: rides past.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 46. EXT. THE COUNTRYSIDE - DAY 46.
text: The elephants move across the desolate countryside toward the
text: distant hills.
scene_heading: 47. EXT. THE TRAIL 47.
text: Indiana rides the lead elephant. Sajnu passes on foot guiding
text: Willie's elephant. With the tuxedo jacket wrapped around her
text: waist, Willie is dabbing perfume behind her ears.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (to her elephant)
dialog: I think you need this more than
dialog: me.
text: Willie leans forward and puts perfume behind the elephant's ears.
text: Grimacing at the animal's smell she simply dumps the rest of the
text: perfume on the elephant's back.
text: Willie yelps when the elephant's trunk comes back, sniffs the
text: foriegn fragrance and suddenly trumpets in disgust.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: What're you complaining about,
dialog: this is expensive stuff!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 48. EXT. LOWER JUNGLES - DAY 48.
text: From a cliff, we see the elephants below passing into the lower
dialog: jungles.
text: Spotting something on an overhanging tree branck, Short Round
text: stands up precariously on the baby elephant's back. He pulls a
text: vine from the tree as they pass under it. Plopping down onto the
text: baby elephant's back, he picks the wild fruit from the vine --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Here you go, lunch time!
text: The baby elephant's trunk comes back and takes the fruit. Shorty
text: looks up in the sky.
speaker_heading: SHORT ROUND (Cont'd)
dialog: Indy, look!
text: Indiana and Willie look up and see hundreds of enormous winged
text: creatures flapping across the afternoon sky.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Those are very big bird.
text: Sajnu says something and Indiana nods.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Those aren't birds -- those are
text: giant bats.
text: Willie shudders as she watches the bats.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 49. EXT. THE HILLS - AFTERNOON 49.
text: An enormous sun silhouettes the three elephants trekking west-
dialog: ward.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 50. EXT. A RIVER - LATER AFTERNOON 50.
text: The three elephants stand sucking up river water with their
text: trunks. Seated on the huge beasts, Willie, Short Round and Indi-
text: ana watch the thirsty animals.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: They must be pretty dumb to drink
dialog: that awful-looking water.
text: In response, Willie's elephant calmly lifts its trunk and sprays
text: her in the face. Short Round and Indy laugh as Willie sits
text: soaked and shocked.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I think maybe we'll camp here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 51. EXT. THE RIVER - SUNSET 51.
text: A plume of water sprays. The three elephants submerge in a deep,
text: wide spot in the river. Indy wades in the current with his shirt
text: off. He and the guide splash water on the weary animals.
text: Short Round laughs and plays with the baby elephant. Wrapped in
text: its trunk, he's swung in the air and lands on the elephant's
text: back. Shorty makes a swan dive back into the water and the baby
text: elephant gives him a shower when he surfaces.
scene_heading: 52. EXT. UPRIVER 52.
text: Thirty yards upstream, birds and monkeys chatter in a tree. In
text: the shady river beneath, Willie surfaces cooly and wipes hair
text: from her eyes. She hums contendedly.
text: Indiana wanders up the riverbank in his dripping trousers. He
text: notices Willie's wet clothes spread over a tree limb hanging low
text: over the water and then he sees Willie paddling around.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Hey, Willie -- I think you better
dialog: get out now.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Stark naked? You wish... If you're
dialog: trying to seduce me, Dr. Jones,
dialog: this is a very primitive approach.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Me seduce you? Honey, you're the
dialog: one who took your clothes off.
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: I just came over to remind you
dialog: that you never know what else
text: might be in the water.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Somehow I feel safer in here.
text: As Indy turns and starts off, Willie reaches up to the tree
text: branch above her head and grabs her underwear. At this moment we
dialog: notice something awful:
text: A BOA CONSTRICTOR is moving out along the branch, the enormous
text: snake slithering over Willie's clothes.
text: Willie watches Indiana walk away as she reaches up for her dress
text: -- her hands feel something strange -- not the dress and not the
dialog: tree limb --
text: Willie looks up and sees that she's pulling on a snake! She
text: SCREAMS as the boa constrictor falls off the t-ee on top of her!
text: Indy hears the scream and hears Willie calling to him. He runs
text: back toward the river. Stopping on the riverbank, he sees Willie
text: backing away in the water -- Indiana's already starting to pull
dialog: his boots off --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Indy! Help me!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Don't worry, I'm coming in! What
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: A snake!
text: Suddenly Indiana freezes and a strange look corsses his face --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: A what...?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: A SNAKE!!
text: He finally sees the boa constrictor thrashing in the water close
text: to Willie. He leaves his boots on.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: Hurry, help me out of here!
dialog: What're you waiting for?!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Uh, listen -- Willie -- I got a
dialog: better idea.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: First of all -- don't panic!
text: Willie suddenly screams as the boa constrictor wraps around her
dialog: arm --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's got me ! Indy, help me!
text: Indy runs along the riverbank, trying to get closer to her, but
text: not about to jump into the river (due to his aversion to snakes
dialog: -- see Episode One: "Raiders of the Lost Ark").
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Don't let it pull you deeper!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's pulling me deeper!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Don't let it curl around you!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's curling around me! Damn it,
dialog: stop talking and do something!
text: The snake is wrapping around her body and neck -- her head is
dialog: barely above water --
text: On the riverbank, Indy reaches down and grabs a piece of wood.
text: But as he watches the repulsive reptile, he starts to sweat and
text: his fear and loathing overpower him --
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: What's wrong?! Indy please help
dialog: me!
text: Indy groans and bolsters his courage -- he takes two steps into
dialog: the water -- but the complex is to strong and he can't go any
text: further. He drops the piece of wood...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Listen, Willie. Do exactly what
dialog: I tell you now.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Can you move your arm?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Just one arm!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Okay, I want you to lift your hand --
text: and pet the snake.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: PET IT??!!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Yes, stroke it right along the
dialog: maxillary and precaudal verte-
dialog: brae.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: THE WHAT?!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Pet it on the head! Go on, pet
dialog: it!
text: In the water, Willie is whimpering as she lifts her hand and
text: starts petting the snake coiling around her pale body.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh -- my -- god -- it's going to
dialog: crush me!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Keep stroking it!
text: Willie keeps rubbing her hand along the snakes head and back and
text: it slowly stops thrashing in the water.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's starting to let go!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: That's good -- you're doing fine.
text: Grimacing as she stares at the ugly serpent's head, Willie keeps
text: stroking it.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's letting fo. I think it's --
dialog: I think it's going to sleep!
text: Indiana looks relieved. He sees the snake starting to drift away
text: from Willie and she starts paddling back to shore, collecting her
text: floating clothes along the way.
text: Holding her dripping dress against herself, she walks out of the
text: water toward Indy who smiles at her weakly.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: See -- I got you out...
text: She slows and hauls off and punches him in the mouth. Indy holds
text: his jaw as she walks away infuriates.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Thanks for nothing! I hate snakes!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (looking at
dialog: the water)
dialog: I know the feeling...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 53. EXT. THE CAMPSITE - NIGHT 53.
text: By firelight, we see Sajnu feeding the big elephants while Short
text: Round feeds and talks to the baby elephant --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: You come to America with me, and
dialog: we can get job in the circus --
dialog: you like that?
text: The baby elephant trumpets affirmitively.
text: A ways off, Willie stands wrapped in a blanket watching Shorty
text: and the elephant as she dries her hair by a campfire. Now Indy
text: comes up and drops an armload of wood for yet another fire.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Where'd you find your little body-
dialog: guard?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I met Short Round when he tried
dialog: to pick my pocket.
text: Indiana kneels and arranges the wood.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: Shorty's family was killed when
dialog: they bombed Shanghai. He was
text: living on the streets.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: He'll be okay. He's a good kid.
text: Indy strikes a match and lights the new fire.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: All these fires -- you expecting
dialog: more snakes, Dr. Jones?
text: She smiles snidely and continues drying her hair.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: By the way, how'd you end up in
dialog: Shanghai?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Well, when my nightclub career was
dialog: run over by the Depression, some
dialog: pinhead convinced me that "a girl
dialog: could go places in the Orient..."
dialog: So, look where I got.
text: Indy picks up a blanket and spreads it on the ground.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: What about the future?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh, that's easy -- I'm going to
text: latch onto a good-looking, in-
text: credibly rich prince.
text: Indy lies down on the blanket.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I'd like to find one of those
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (raising an eyebrow)
dialog: Oh really?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Yeah, but he's got to be dead and
text: buried for a couple of thousand years.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Fortune and glory...
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Is that what you're hoping to find
dialog: at this palace, Dr. Jones?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Maybe...
text: Indy reaches into his pocket and removes the old piece of cloth.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What's that?
text: She walks over to where he's lying down and sits on a boulder.
text: He hands her the cloth and she looks at it by the firelight.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Something that kid gave me last
text: night. It's a piece of an old
dialog: manuscript.
text: Willie sees a crude drawing in reds, blue and gold.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
text: The drawing shows a priest named
dialog: Sankara who lived centuries ago.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What does the writing say?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: It's Sanskrit. It tells the story
dialog: of Sankara climbing Mt. Kalisa
dialog: where he met the Hindu god Shiva.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (examining it)
dialog: That's Shiva? What's he giving
dialog: the Priest?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Legend says he told Sankara to go
dialog: forth and combat evil. To do that
dialog: he gave him five sacred stones that
dialog: had magical powers.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (looking at Indy)
dialog: You mean magical like the rock that
dialog: was stolen from that village?
text: Indy looks at her meaningfully.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: It could be.
text: Willie seems frightened. She hands him the piece of cloth and
text: stands up.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Fortune and glory...sweet dreams,
dialog: Dr. Jones.
text: She picks up a blanket and starts off.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I think you should sleep closer.
dialog: (seeing her sus-
dialog: picious look)
dialog: I meant for safety.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I'd be safer sleeping with
dialog: that snake.
text: She steps over to a tree by the fire where her clothes are dry-
text: ing. Indy watches her pull her dried clothes from the lower
dialog: branches.
text: She reaches up to remove another piece of her clothing -- it's
text: stuck to the tree and she looks up and yanks it. Suddenly the
dialog: piece of clothing moves!
text: Two enormous winds open and the hideous face of a GIANT BAT
text: screeches and hisses at Willie! She screams hysterically as the
text: bat flaps against her, biting and scratching at her before it fi-
text: nally takes off.
text: The bat flies off into the darkness and Indy chuckles as he
text: watches Willie shanking as she backs slowly toward the fire --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Did you see it?! It was one
dialog: of those bats!
dialog: (staring into
dialog: the darkness)
dialog: God, what else is out there...?!
text: She quickly picks up her blanket and lays it out very close to
dialog: Indy.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Couldn't keep away, huh?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Just try and control yourself.
text: Indiana watches her lie down and wrap herself in her blanket.
text: then he rolls over and tips his hat down over his eyes to get
text: some well-deserved shut-eye.
text: In a moment, however, we see something grotesque and snake-like
text: slide into frame and move towards Indy -- finally, we realize
text: it's an elephant's trunk. The trunk nudges Indy's shoulder.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (without looking)
dialog: Still scared? Okay, Willie, you
dialog: can get closer if you want...
text: The elephant's trunk moves closer and nuzzles Indy's neck.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Honey, I knew you'd be the first
dialog: one to give in...
text: Now, we see that Short Round is guiding the baby elephant's trunk
text: with a prod. Willie watches, stifling a laugh as the elephant's
text: trunk sniffs Indiana's ear --
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: You're going to start something
dialog: I'm going to have to finish.
dialog: (moaning)
dialog: Okay, doll, you asked for it.
text: Indiana rolls over, lifts his hat and hollers! He nearly jumps
text: out of his pants as he stares into the elephant's trunk. Willie
text: and Short Round dissolve into laughter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 54. EXT. THE JUNGLE - DAY 54.
text: Tall, vine-covered trees sway in the wind. Beneath them, the el-
text: ephants plough through the dense tropical forest. The sounds of
text: the teeming jungle multiply as Short Round surveys the distant
text: hills.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy, look!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: That's it. Pankot Palace.
text: Willie looks off at the resplendent while Moghul-style palace ri-
text: sing in the distance above the jungle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 55. EXT. A JUNGLE CLEARING - LATER 55.
text: Their Mayapore guide walks toward the camera and suddenly looks
text: frightened. He barks commands and the elephants stop. Indiana
text: jumps down an joins the fearful guide.
text: They stare at a small statue of a malevolent goddess with eight
text: arms. Around the goddess's neck, a carved necklace displays
text: small human heads -- her eight hands hold other heads by their
dialog: hair.
text: Indiana moves closer to the statue as the terrified guide backs
text: away. Indy is fascinated by the ritual objects adorning it:
text: leaves, dead birds, rodents and turtles. Indiana grimaces as he
text: lifts a necklace of real pierced human fingers...
speaker_heading: WILLIE (O.S.)
dialog: Why are we stopping here?
text: Indiana goes back and joins the scared, jabbering guide who is
text: helping Willie down from the elephant. Short Round jumps down.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: What you look at, Indy?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: Just a statue.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What's the guide talking about?
dialog: He hasn't said a word the whole
dialog: trip.
text: Indy listens to the agitated guide and then speaks a few words in
text: Hindi back to him. They watch the distressed guide trun the ele-
text: phants and start away with them as fast as possible.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
text: He's afraid of something.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: He said he couldn't take us any
dialog: farther. He has to go sell the
dialog: elephants.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You mean we have to walk the rest
dialog: of the way?
text: Willie moans and follows Indy. Short Round watches the elephants
text: trudging away. The little elephant turns and looks back. Short
text: Round quickly wipes a tear from his face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 56. EXT. A PALACE APPROACH - AFTERNOON 56.
text: Indiana and Short Round hike up a rock-paved road beside a high
text: wall. Exhausted, carrying her high heels, Willie trudges along
text: behind them.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
text: -- shot at, fallen out of a plane,
text: nearly drowned, squashed by a snake,
dialog: attacked by a bat -- I smell like
dialog: an elephant!
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I tell you I'm not going to make it!
text: Indiana finally stops. He walks back to Willie, suddenly picks
text: her us in his arms and starts carrying her the remaining way.
text: Willie is surprised and puzzled.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Any more complaints?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (smiling faintly)
dialog: Yeah, I wish you'd thought of this
dialog: sooner...
text: She doesn't seem to mind being carried by Indy. He arrives at
text: the entrance to the palace and puts her down -- she stands close
text: to him and he gently smoothes the collar of her dress.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: It doesn't feel like there's been
dialog: any permanent damage.
text: She smiles at him again and then turns around -- and whistles as
text: she sees Pankot Palace: a sprawling, monumental mixture of Mo-
text: ghul and Rajput styles, the palace is an extravaganza of Princely
dialog: architecture.
scene_heading: 57. EXT. A BRIDGE 57.
text: The three travelers start across a marble bridge toward the main
text: entrance. Lined along the bridge, palace guards stand with
text: lances.
text: As the threesome passes, the first Rajput guard snaps noisily to
text: attention and Willie jumps. As Willie continues across the
text: bridge, the other guards snap to attention in sequence and she
text: grins, enjoying the attention.
scene_heading: 58. INT. THE OUTER COURTYARD 58.
text: Short Round and Willie follow Indiana through a dark archway into
text: a glittering courtyard. The palace seems deserted and forebod-
dialog: ing.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Hello?...(hello?)...(hello?)
text: Indy's voice echoes off the marble facades -- three enormous Raj-
text: put guards with curved swords in their sashes appear silently at
text: opposite sides of the courtyard.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Hi...(hi)...(hi)...
text: Then, a tall severe-looking Indian in an English suit material-
text: izes out of the shadows and comes forward slowly. CHATTAR LAL
text: appraises the intruders suspiciously:
text: He sees a whoozy beauty in a weary evening gown; a dirty Chinese
text: kid with a baseball cap; a rugged-looking American carrying a
dialog: bullwhip...
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: I would say you look rather lost.
dialog: (disdainfullt)
dialog: But then I cannot imagine where
dialog: in the world the three of you
dialog: would look at home...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (smiling evenly)
dialog: Lost? No, we're not lost. We're
dialog: on our way to Delhi. This is Miss
dialog: Scott -- and Mr. Round. My name's
dialog: Indiana Jones.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Dr. Jones? The eminent archae-
dialog: ologist?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Hard to believe, isn't it...?
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: I remember first hearing your name
dialog: when I was studying at Oxford. I
dialog: Am Chattar Lal, Prime Minister for
dialog: His Highness the Maharajah of Pankot.
text: He bows and Willie sort of curtsies.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL (Cont'd)
dialog: Welcome to Pankot Palace.
scene_heading: 59. INT. PANKOT PALACE - AFTERNOON 59.
text: They walk along the marble halls, past dazzling walls inlaid with
text: pieces of mirror and semi-precious stones. Fountains spray in
text: ivory countyards and they gaze in awe at the ornate splendour.
text: As Willie walks with Shorty she appraises the chronolgoical
text: portraits of the Pankot Prices that line the hall. Dissipated
text: faces, elegant faces, evil faces -- she reacts to them.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (to Short Round)
dialog: How'd you like to run into him in
dialog: a dark alley...that one's kind of
dialog: cute...I could see myself married
dialog: to a prince like that...
text: Ahead of them Chattar Lal walks with Indy and questions him
dialog: suspiciously --
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: The plane crash and your journey
dialog: here sound -- most incredible.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You should have been there...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: We'd appreciate it if the Mahara-
dialog: jah would let us stay tonight.
dialog: We'll be on out way in the morn-
dialog: ing.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: I am only his humble servant, but
dialog: the Maharajah usually listens to
dialog: my advice.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Is that him?
text: They've come to the last in the row of Princes portraits. Wil-
text: lie stops and looks up disappointedly at a picture of an aged,
text: immensely corpulent Rajput prince.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: (politely)
dialog: He's not exactly what we call
dialog: "a spring chicken".
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: No, no, that is Uhmed Singh, the
dialog: present Maharajah's late father.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh -- good. And maybe the pres-
dialog: ent Marahajah is a little younger?
dialog: And thinner?
text: Two female servants approach silently and bow.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: They will escort you to your rooms
dialog: now. You will be provided with
dialog: fresh clothes. Tonight you will
dialog: be dining with His Highness.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Dinner? And with a prince?! My
dialog: luck is changing. But look at
dialog: me -- my god, I've to to get
dialog: ready!
text: She hurried off with one of the servants toward her room. Chat-
text: tar Lal smiles cooly at Indiana --
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: Eight o'clock in the Pleasure
dialog: Pavilion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 60. EXT. THE PLEASURE PALIVION - NIGHT 60.
text: An extraordinary gold dome rises in the middle of the eleaborate
text: gardens. The Pleasure Pavilion is ablaze with torch lights,
text: flickering candles and exotic music.
text: Indiana comes out of the palace with Short Round. Indy has on a
text: tweed jacket and a nectie -- his university professor's outfit.
text: Short Round has been cleaned up, but still sports his baseball
dialog: cap.
text: Willie joins them, looking stunning is a silk Western-styled
text: gown. She's also been loaned some Moghul jewelry which sparkles
text: on her neck and arms.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You look like a princess.
text: Willie's flattered by the first nice thing Indy's said to her.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's sort of like being in heaven.
text: They cross the garden toward the pavilion and Willie's eyes are
text: like a kid's at Christmas.
scene_heading: 61. INT. THE PLEASURE PAVILION 61.
text: As they enter, Indiana gives a half-dressed dancing girl the
text: once-over as she spins to the music of drums and "vinhas".
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I've always had a weakness for
dialog: folk dancing.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (snidely)
dialog: She might get away with that act
dialog: here, but she'd never make it in
text: a real nightclub.
text: They walk among the rich court ministers and Indian merchants.
text: Chattar Lal approaches with a British cavalry captain in unifrom.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: We are fortunate tonight to have
dialog: some many unexpected guests. his
dialog: is Captain Phillip Blumburtt.
text: Blumburtt bows to Willie and Indiana.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL (Cont'd)
text: Captain Blumburtt and his troops
dialog: are here to check up on the
dialog: "natives".
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: (politely)
text: Just a routine inspection tour.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: The British worry so about their
dialog: Emprie -- it makes us feel like
dialog: well-cared-for children.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Listen, Mr. Lal, what do you call
dialog: the Maharajah's wife?
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: His Highness has not yet taken a
dialog: wife.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (happily)
dialog: No? Well, I guess he just hasn't
dialog: met the right woman...
text: As Willie chatters on with the Prime Minister, Indiana wanders
text: off. He moves to a wall where bronze statues and strange devo-
text: tional objects are displayed.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: (joining Indy)
dialog: Interested in local curios?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: No. But I am interested in the
dialog: occult. And this is a krtya.
text: Indiana picks up a small clay figurine and examines it.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: (grimacing)
dialog: Charming.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: It's like the voodoo dolls of West
dialog: Africa. The kryta represents your
dialog: enemy -- and gives you complete
text: power over him.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: That God all that mumbo jumbo
text: rubbish is disappearing.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You think so?
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: Of course. Admittedly, it's taken
dialog: time. Britian's controlled India
text: for almost two hundred eyars now.
text: Indiana smiles at the somewhat pompous bureaucrat.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You're hanging on better here
dialog: than you did in America.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: (smiling sourly)
dialog: This is a different situation, Dr.
dialog: Jones. These people are like
dialog: children. We have to lead them
dialog: slowly into the twentieth century.
text: Indiana puts the doll down and looks over at Chattar Lal and
dialog: Willie.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: The Prime Minister doesn't seem
dialog: that naive.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: No, he's a very shrewd old boy.
text: Power behind the throne and all
dialog: that. He actually runs this whole
dialog: province.
text: Indy and the Prime Minister exchange distant looks as Willie
text: comes back over to Indiana. She talks to him conspiratorially --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I think this Maharajah is swim-
dialog: ming in money. Maybe coming here
dialog: wasn't such a bad idea.
text: Blumburtt finds these Americans quite suspect and seems relieved
text: when he hears a drum.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: I believe we're being called to
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Finally!
text: As the drum beats the assembled guests move toward a long, low
text: table surrounded by colorful pillows. Short Round follows with a
text: little monkey he's found perched on his arm.
text: As everyone stands around the table, Chattar Lal makes an an-
dialog: nouncement in Hindi and then in English --
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: His Supremem Highness, guardian of
dialog: Rajput tradition -- the Maharajah
dialog: of Pankot -- Zalim Singh.
text: All eyes are on two solid silver doors which open -- and through
text: which now walks the MAHARAJAH ZALIM SINGH. Everyone is bowing,
text: including Indiana and Willie, who looks amazed --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: That's the Maharajah -- that kid?!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Maybe he likes older women.
text: Indeed, Zalim Singh is only thirteen. Outfitted in silver and
text: gold brocade, festooned with enormous jewels, the litlle Mahara-
text: jah gazes imperiously at the bowing crowd -- and then glares at
dialog: Short Round.
text: Indy sees Short Round chewing gum, staring antagonistically at
text: the Maharajah. Indy pushes SHort Round into a bowing position.
text: The Maharajah finally sits down on golden pillows. He nods and
text: his guests take their seats. Indiana sees Willie's dreams of
text: queendom have vanished.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Cheer up, you lost your prince,
text: but dinner's on the way.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I've never been so hungry in my
dialog: life...
text: Servants appear with silver platters of steaming food. They
text: place a platter in front of Willie and she stares at it in amaze-
dialog: ment:
text: It's a whole raosted boar, replete with a decorative arrow pierc-
text: ing its bloated stomach and tiny broiled baby bores placed around
text: it as if they were suckling on their well-cooked mother.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (grimacing)
dialog: My god, sort of grusome, isn't
dialog: it...?
text: Seeing the meat being served, Indiana looks across the table at
text: Blumburtt who seems equally puzzled. Meanwhile, the little Maha-
text: rajah whispers to his Prime Minsiter. Then Chattar Lal speaks to
dialog: the table --
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: His Highness wants me to welcome
dialog: his visitors. Especially the
dialog: renowned Dr. Jones from America.
text: Indy bows slightly toward the Maharajah.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: We are honored to be here.
text: Servants put down another platter. Willie stares at an enormous
text: steaming boa constrictor on the platter. With a flash of a
text: knife, a servant slits the huge snake and exposes a mass of
text: squirming, live baby eels inside...
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Suddenly I'm not so hungry...
text: Meanwhile, Indiana is chatting poleitely with the Prime Minister.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I had a question, Mr. Prime Mini-
dialog: ster. I was examining some of the
text: Maharajah's artifacts.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: A very fine collection of very old
dialog: pieces, don't you think?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Yes, very fine. But not all of the
text: pieces look old. Some were carved
text: recently and look like images used
dialog: by the Thuggees to worship the god-
dialog: des Kali.
text: At the emntion of the Thuggees, the Indians at the table quiet,
text: as it a taboo has been broken. Chattar Lal glares at Indiana.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: Dr. Jones, you know very well that
dialog: the Thuggee cult has been dead for
dialog: nearly a century.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: Of course. The Thuggees were an
dialog: obscenity that worshipped Kali
dialog: with human sacrifices. The Brit-
dialog: ish Army wiped them out about the
dialog: time of the Mutiny of 1857.
text: Short Round avoids the dinner by feeding it to his little monkey
text: as he listens to the scary conversation.
dialog: The talk is bad enough, but Willie finds the food unbelievable!
text: A servant leans overher shoulder and places a six-inch long BUG
dialog: on her plate!
text: Willie whimpers quietly as she watches the fat merchant next to
text: her lift one of the black, shiny baked-beetles -- and crack it in
text: two! The man proceeds to enthusiastically suck the gooey innards
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MERCHANT
dialog: (looking at Willie)
dialog: But you're not eating!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I uh -- had bugs for lunch.
text: Meanwhile, Indiana continues to politely needle Chattar Lal.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I suppose stories of the Thuggees
dialog: die hard.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: There are no stories anymore.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Well, I don't know... we came here
text: from a small village and the peas-
dialog: ants there told us that the Pankot
dialog: Palace was growing powerful again
dialog: -- becuase of some ancient evil.
text: Indiana smiles and shrugs.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: (sneeringly)
dialog: Their stories are just fear and
dialog: folklore.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (cooly)
dialog: Maybe.. but how do you explain
dialog: The Thuggee shrine I saw right
dialog: below the palace?
text: Indy catches a glance between the little Maharajah and the prime
text: minister, who answers slowly --
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: The local peasants are just as
dialog: superstitious. You're very ob-
dialog: servant, Dr. Jones. But you're
dialog: beginning to worry Capt. Blum-
dialog: burtt.
text: Blumburtt's phlegmatic attitude has changed to curiosity.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: I'm not worried, Prime Minister,
dialog: just interested.
text: During their conversation, Willie listens to beetles SNAPPING and
text: she watches revolted as the other dinner guests suck the gooey
text: insides out of the bugs.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (to Short Round)
dialog: Give me your hat...
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I'm going to puke in it...
text: Meanwhile, Indy continues ingenously with Chattar Lal.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You know the villagers also
dialog: claimed that this palace stole
text: something from them.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: Dr. Jones, it our country a guest
dialog: does not usually insult his host.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Sorry, I thought we were just talking
dialog: about folklore.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: (trying to make peace)
dialog: I'm sure it's nothing. Just ru-
dialog: mors.
dialog: (but interested)
dialog: What was it they claimed was
dialog: stolen?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: Something magical. A sacred rock.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: (condescendingly)
dialog: There, you see, Captain. A rock!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: When they lost this rock their
text: fields and animals dies. They
dialog: also said their children were
dialog: taken from them.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: I think that's enough of this
dialog: nonsense, Dr. Jones...
text: Indiana smiles faintly at Chattar Lal's anger. Across the table,
text: Willie looks pale and motions to the waiter.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: So you have something, you know,
dialog: simple -- like soup or something?
text: The servant goes off and returns with a covered bowl. He uncov-
text: ers it and Willie looks at a soup with a dozen eyeballs floating
dialog: in it.
speaker_heading: MERCHANT
dialog: Looks delicious!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I wanna go home...
text: Willie whimpers and tears start down her cheeks.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (to Chattar Lal)
dialog: I was dubious muself at first.
dialog: Then something connected -- the
dialog: village's rock and the old legend
dialog: of the Sankara Stones...
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: (controlling himself)
dialog: Dr. Jones, we are all vulnerable
dialog: to vicious rumors. I seem to re-
dialog: member that in Honduras you were
dialog: accused of being a grave robber
text: rather than a scientist.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: The newspapers exaggerated the
dialog: incident
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: And didn't the Sultan of Madagas-
dialog: car threaten to cut your head off
dialog: if you ever returned to his coun-
dialog: try?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: That was a misunderstanding.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Exactly what we have here, Dr.
dialog: Jones.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH
dialog: I have heard the terrible stories
dialog: of the evil Thuggee cult...
text: When the little Marahajah speaks it surprises everyone and there
text: is silence.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH (Cont'd)
dialog: I thought the stories were told
dialog: to frighten children. Later, I
dialog: learned that the Thuggee cult was
dialog: once real and did unspeakable
dialog: things.
text: The Marahajah looks at Indiana.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH (Cont'd)
dialog: I am ashamed of what happened here
dialog: so many years ago. We keep these
dialog: objects -- to remind us that this
dialog: will never again happen in my
dialog: kingdom!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I'm sorry if I've offended you.
text: Now, more trays are whisked in by servants.
speaker_heading: MERCHANT
dialog: Ah, dessert!
text: Short Round's monkey suddenly screeches and takes off. Willie
text: closed here eyes in dread - but curiosity gets the best of her
text: and she looks -- it's worse than she could imagine:
text: Plates full of small, dead monkey heads! (*Production note: be-
dialog: cause of his extremely sensitive nature, the director has reque-
dialog: ted that these monkey heads be simulated).
text: The tops of the monkey's skulls have been cut off and sit loose
text: like little covers. Willie watches in utter dismay as the Maha-
text: rajah and his guests remove the skull-tops and start dipping
text: spoons into what's inside --
speaker_heading: MERCHANT (Cont'd)
dialog: Chilled monkey brains!
text: Willie keels over, crashing backwards in a dead faint!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 62. INT. A PALACE HALL - LATER 62.
text: Women servants help a woobly-kneed Willie toward her room.
scene_heading: 63. EXT. THE PELASURE GARDEN - NIGHT 63.
text: Hundreds of lanters illuminate the garden where after dinner
text: drinks are served, cigars lighted and hookah pipes puffed on.
text: Indiana comes out of the pavilion into the garden with Capt.
text: Blumburtt and they talk quietly.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: Rather bizarre menu, woundn't you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Even if they were trying to scare
dialog: us away, a devout Hindu would
dialog: never touch meat.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Makes you wonder what these people
dialog: are...
text: Now, the little Maharajah comes over with his retinue and he
text: reaches for Indy's whip which Short Round is carrying.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH
dialog: I have seen this thing. What is
dialog: it, Dr. Jones?
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Hey, nobody touches Indy's whip!
text: Short Round grabs for it, but Indiana restrains him.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: We're guests here, Shorty.
text: The Maharajah glares are Short Round and five the whip to Indy.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH
dialog: You will show me how it works
dialog: please.
text: Indy bows to the little prince and smiles ironically --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You wish is my command, your
dialog: Highness.
text: While Short Round watches angrily, Indiana walks across the gar-
text: den and unfurls the whip. Indy sees a servant lighting a candle.
text: Suddenly the whip flies and CRACKS like a pistol shot. The
text: candle disappears! Indiana whirls and CRACKS the whip again,
text: snagging a flower out of a dancing girl's hair.
text: The Maharajah reacts like any kid -- he shoops happily.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH
dialog: That is wonderful! Please teach
dialog: me how!
text: Short Round sulks as he listens to Indiana instructing the Maha-
text: rajah on how to hold the whip. As the young prince practises the
text: grip, Indy notices Chattar Lal slip behind a fountain to talk to
text: a dark figure in robes who appears.
text: Indiana sees Chattar Lal bow to the dark figure -- and Indy
text: catches a glimpse of the stranger's pale face and dark hollow
text: eyes. Then the robled apparition seems to disappear.
text: Meanwhile everyone watches respectfully as the Maharajah unfurls
text: the whip for his first attempt. He flings the whip but it flies
text: back and snaps -- biting his own cheek.
text: There's a stunned silence -- then Short Round laughs at the
text: little prince who is holding his wounded cheek. The incensed Ma-
text: rahajah suddenly flashes the whip as Short Round.
text: Short Round grabs the end of it and pulls hard -- the whip is
text: tugged taut between the two hostile boys. As they draw near each
text: other, Short Round sees something weird:
text: The little Maharajah's eyes begin glowing yelloe and he hisses
text: softly in a strange voice. Nobody else sees or hears the bizarre
dialog: transformation...
text: Indiana finally intercedes -- he grabs Short Round by the neck.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Okay, Short Round, let go of it.
text: Short Round lets go and Indy gently takes the whip back from the
dialog: little prince.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: The Turks say that a whip can be
dialog: an enemy even to its owner. If
dialog: you get some rope, it'll be easier
dialog: to learn with, your Highness.
dialog: Now, I think we'll say goodnight.
text: The Maharajah and Short Round stare hostiley at each other as
text: Indy recoils his whip.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 64. INT. A PALACE HALL - NIGHT 64.
text: Short Round walks beside Indiana down the shadowy hall toward
text: their room. Short Round has Indy's whip curled around his shoul-
text: der. The little fellow yawns and shakes his head.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: That little Maharajah think he
dialog: big stuff.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You don't like him do you?
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Next time I flatten him! Did you
dialog: see his eyes?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: No.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy, they glow like fire and get
dialog: real crazy! Then he talk in this
dialog: real scary voice!
text: Indy tousles Short Round's hair.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: He was afraid of you. He knows a
text: tough guy when he sees one.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: (not so shure)
dialog: Yeah, that's what happened...
text: They reach their room and Short Round opens the door.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I better see how Willie is.
text: Short Round shakes his head scornfully as Indy crosses the hall
text: and knocks on another door. After a moment, the door opens and
text: Willie is standing there in a tempting nightgown.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I brought you something.
text: He holds up something wrapped in a piece of silk.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Not leftovers?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: No -- real food.
text: Willie opens the bundle suspiciously -- then her hace lights up
text: as she examines the breads and fruits inside.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh, it is real food...it's
dialog: beautiful.
text: She bites happily into a piece of fruit -- its juice runs down
text: her chin and Indy wipes it off gently with his hand. The mouth
text: deliberately seductive and Willie is not displeased.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: You're nice. Listen, I'm taking
dialog: applications -- how'd you like to
dialog: be my palace slave?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Wearing your jewels to be, prin-
dialog: cess?
text: Indy touches her necklace -- then his hand caresses her neck and
text: ear. She shivers slightly and speaks softly.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Yeah -- and nothing else.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: That shock you?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I'm a scientist. I like doing
dialog: research on certain "nocturnal
dialog: activities" --
text: She smiles and puts a grape to his lips. He opens his mouth
text: takes it and chews it.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You mean like love rituals...
text: He swallows the grape and they move toward each other slowly to
text: kiss, revealing the passion that's simmering.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: And mating customs...
text: They kiss again more heatedly.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Primitive sexual practices?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You're taling to an authority
dialog: in that area.
text: They kiss again hungrily --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You're dying to come into my room,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You want me so bad, why don't you
dialog: invite me?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Too proud to admit you're crazy
dialog: about me, Dr. Jones?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I think you're too used to get-
dialog: ting you own way, Willie...
text: They kiss yet again -- and Indy breaks it off, just to show he's
text: still in control. He backs away toward his room.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (watching him)
dialog: We'll see who gives in first --
dialog: I'll leave my door open.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Don't catch cold.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Dr. Jones -- ?
text: Indy stops by his door and sees Willie smiling as she holds up
dialog: five fingers --
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: Five minutes... you'll be back
dialog: over here in five minutes...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You're dreaming, Willie. You want
dialog: to make it real, just knock on my
dialog: door.
text: He winks. She waves. But neither one will surrender first.
text: Willie does into her room, leaving the door ajar. Indy opens his
dialog: door.
scene_heading: 65. INT. INDIANA'S SUITE 65.
text: Indy comes in and closes the door -- leaving it open a crack. He
text: stands and listens, waiting for her to come over.
scene_heading: 66. INT. WILLIE'S SUITE 66.
text: Willie stands likewise by her door, waiting to hear Indy come
text: back over.
scene_heading: 67. INT. INDIANA'S SUITE 67.
text: Indiana shrugs and walks over to a couch and starts taking off
text: his tweed jacket and necktie --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Five minutes... fat chance.
scene_heading: 68. INT. WILLIE SUIT 68.
text: Willie moves around her lavish suite, turning down lights, creating
text: a romantic effect, checking herself in a mirror --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (confidently)
text: Five minutes, Dr. Jones...
scene_heading: 69. INT. INDIANA'S SUITE 69.
text: Indy undresses in the magnificently decorated room: wall paint-
text: ings show palace scenes and landscapes; life-size figures
text: dance and there are full-scale portraits or Rajput princes and
text: prancing horses. But Indy's more concerned with lust than with
dialog: art.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: ...want me to be her palace slave!
text: He picks up his whip and smiles, considering using it on her.
text: Then he just grubles and tosses the bullwhip onto the couch.
scene_heading: 70. INT. WILLIE'S SUITE 70.
text: Lying in bed in a seductive pose, Willie waits for Indy to show
text: up and she starts to look worried. She grabs a clock and shakes
text: it to see if it's working. She taps her fingers irritably won-
dialog: dering in her charm has failed...
scene_heading: 71. INT. INDIANA'S SUITE 71.
text: We see another clock ticking. Looking annoyed, Indy tosses a
text: boot at it and the clock falls on its face, setting of the
dialog: alarm.
text: On the chaise lounge in front of Indy's bed, Short Round moves
text: groggily and sees Indy turning off the alarm.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: (half asleep)
dialog: Get to sleep Indy -- I stay up
dialog: and keep eye on things...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Okay, Shorty ... see you in the
dialog: morning...I'm going to have a
dialog: little -- word with Willie.
text: Indy finally shakes his head and gives in to his animal
text: instincts. He buttons his shirt, puts his boots back on and
text: grabs his leather jacket.
text: As he puts on his jacket he walks past the life-sized paintings of
text: armed gaurds standing in silent vigil. Suddenly we see something
text: frightening behind him: one of the wall paintings sees to come
dialog: to life!
text: A large figure in robes and a turban looms out from the wall and
text: lifts a silk cord -- the figure wraps the cord suddenly around
dialog: Indiana's neck!
text: The huge assassin stands behind Indy, twisting the cord even
text: tighter around his neck. As Indy attempts to break free he
text: sees the assassin's face is a mirror -- and a strange yellow
text: light glowing in the killer's eyes.
scene_heading: 72. INT. WILLIE'S SUITE 72.
text: Willie's finally had enough waiting and she gets out of beg petu-
dialog: lantly.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: He's not coming...I can't be-
dialog: lieve it...
text: She walks across the room and opens the door. She looks out
text: the empty hall -- and her resolve starts to weaken --
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: Well...
dialog: (bracing herself)
dialog: No! I'm not going over there...
text: She comes back into her room and kicks the door closed.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: Sleep tight, Dr. Jones!
dialog: (suddenly melancholy)
dialog: I could've been your greatest ad-
dialog: venture...
scene_heading: 73. INT. INDIANA'S SUITE 73.
text: Indy shoves the assassin backwards, ramming the big man into the
text: wall. The assassin maintains his deathgrip -- while on the
dialog: chaise, Short Round sleeps through it all!
text: Gasping futilely for air, Indy sinks slowly to his knees - his
text: eyes bulge and he stares at the tiny, smiling skulls at the ends
text: of the death-cord wrapped around the assassin's fists.
text: Indiana sinks lower and then feels something -- desperately he
text: grabs a brass pot on the floor by the handle and swings it with
text: his last strength, smashing it up into the assassin's head with
text: a skull-crushing clang!
text: The assassin is stunned and Indiana curls forward pulling him
text: into a somersault and sening him flying over his back. The ass-
text: assin crashes on his sping next to the chaise. Short Round still
text: doesn't wake up.
text: Indiana rips the cord from around his neck and gasps for breath.
text: He sees the assassin pulling a knife. Indiana dives as the knife
text: flies through the air and slams into the wall.
text: Indiana grabs his whip, rolls and lands on his feet. As the ass-
text: assin tries to retreat, Indy unleashes his whip -- it CRACKS and
text: wraps around the killer's neck.
text: The big man struggles, pulling on the whip, trying to release it
text: from his throat -- and Indiana holds fast, watching the killer
text: gasping for air now as his face turns red.
text: Suddenly the assassin does a full-blown backward sommersault
text: which rips the whip out of Indy's hand. The assassin has an in-
text: stant to grin victoriously --
text: Until he sees that the whip handle is arching toward the ceiling
text: where is gets caught on the revolving fan! The surprised assass-
text: in it tugged upwards -- and the whip twists around the ceiling
text: fan like fishing-line around a fishing-reel--
text: And like a doomed flounder, the assassin is slowly reeled up and
text: dragged toward the ceiling, his toes lifting off the floor.
text: The assassin screams as he is hanged! His legs twitch in
text: his death throes -- and below him, Short Round finally wakes up.
text: Always Indiana's protector, Shorty instictively leaps off the
text: couch and draws a small dagger --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Don't worry, Indy! Where are
dialog: they?!
text: Short Round spins a 360 , then looks up and does a double-take
text: seeing the dead assassin twisting slowly around the ceiling fan.
text: Indy takes Short Rund by the shoulders and turns him away from
text: the grisly sight.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: It's okay, it's over -- go turn
text: off the fan.
text: Short goes over and turns off the fan -- the assassin's body
text: drops and Indy recoils his whip. Suddenly they hear a hideous
dialog: scream -- Willie!
scene_heading: 74. INT. WILLIE'S SUITE 74.
text: In a tight close-up: Willie screams again. She's lying in bed
text: looking down at something --
text: Moving up her shapely leg, a green and black, monstrous-looking
text: insect crawls onto her stomach and Willie stops breather. Immo-
text: bilized by fear, Willie watches in silent agony as the hideous
text: insect climbs slowly up her breast and slithers toward her neck.
text: Across the suite, the doors burst open and Indiana rushes in.
text: Shorty is behind him, carrying Indy's whip. Indiana leaps on a
text: stools and slides up to the bed to save WIllie --
text: Then he spots the giant insect crawling on her and decides to
dialog: have some fun.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: This a cheap trick to get me over
dialog: here?
text: Willie speaks with desperate, fearful precision --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: No -- don't you see -- crawling --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: What -- the bug?
text: Willie is petrified and shaking.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Get -- the -- bug -- off!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Gee, I wouldn't want to touch an
dialog: ugly critter like that!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Uh uh -- me neither!
text: Willie looks at the man-of-action like he's insane. Then she
text: feels the bug crawling onto her cheek --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh no -- oh no!!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (studying the bug)
dialog: You know, Willie, I'll bet he's
dialog: mad because they were eating his
dialog: friends for dinner.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Please -- oh please, I'm going to
dialog: die! Get it off!
text: Indiana shrugs and leans over and casually swats the horrible bug
text: off her face. He and Short Round watch the insect skid across
text: the floor -- and suddenly disappear as if by magic!
text: Puzzled, they wander toward the wall, leaving Willie behind,
text: bathed in sweat, staring at the ceiling --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What did I do to deserve this
dialog: trip?!
text: Kneeling by the wall, Short Round examines the baseboard --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: It went under. Hey, I feel
dialog: wind, Indy.
text: Indiana knocks on the wall and considers the hollow sound. He
text: moves back and looks at the whole wall. Behind him, Willie moves
dialog: past --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I'm packing! I'm getting out of
dialog: here right now tonight!
text: She dashes behind a screen to start getting dressed. Meanwhile
text: Indy feels the marble walls. He moves to a niche in which there
text: is a small statue of Ganesha, the friendly elephant god.
text: Indiana lifts the statue -- and a panel in the wall opens slow-
text: ly. Short Round looks amazed. Indy watches the light fall
text: across the far wall of a tunnel as the door opens slowly.
text: Indy peers into the tunnel at an old wall painting. Spiderly San-
text: skrit calligraphy runs under a flanking illustration of a prince
text: bowing before a god.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: *(He reads aloud an inscription
dialog: in Sanskrit).
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: What does it mean, Indy?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (translating)
dialog: "Follow in the footsteps of
dialog: Shiva. Do not betray his truth."
text: Indy takes out the piece of cloth the boy gave him in Mayapore,
text: the similarities are striking. It is also a picture of Shiva
dialog: Sankara.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: *(He repeats aloud the inscrip-
dialog: tion also written on the cloth)
text: Over behind the screen, Willie's getting into some silk pants with
dialog: an Indian-style brocade bodice top --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I don't care if I have to walk to
dialog: Delhi, I'm -- hey!
text: She notices Indy and Short Round bending to enter the dark tunnel
text: behind the wall.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: Wait a minute! What're you --
dialog: where're you going?!
text: Indy pokes his head back into the room --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Lock your door and don't leave
dialog: until we get back.
text: He disappears behind the wall and Willie looks worried.
scene_heading: 75. INT. A PALACE TUNNEL - NIGHT 75.
text: Indy and Short Round enter the secret passage and move forward
text: slowly into the inky darkness.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: I don't think we suppose to be in
dialog: here, Indy...
text: They creep slowly down the dark tunnel. It grows smaller and Indy
text: ducks his head.
speaker_heading: SHORT ROUND (Cont'd)
text: I step on something.
text: Their footsteps crunch on the tunnel floor.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You're right, there's something
text: all over the floor...
text: Even Short Round has to duck and Indy finally kneels to his
text: hands and knees.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: We'll have to crawl.
text: As they crawl, their hands and knees continue to crunch on what-
text: ever it is littering the ground.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy, the floor -- there is some-
dialog: thing alive!
text: Indiana gets a match out of his pocket. He snaps it with his
text: thumb and the match flares -- a hideous insectarium: a living
text: collection of the world's ugliest antropods, hexapods and arch-
dialog: nids.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Holy smoke -- I'm scared, Indy!
text: Indiana turns and sees something else --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: There's a chamber here. Come on --
text: Indy finds an oil lamp on the wall and lights it. Short Round
text: happily scampers into the chamber and Indy follows him. Suddenly
text: the door slides shut -- trapping them inside!
scene_heading: 76. INT. THE CHAMBER 76.
text: Indiana lights a match and finds another oil lamp. He and Short
text: Round look for a way to open the door that closed behind them,
dialog: but they have no luck.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Damn!
text: Then they hear Willie's voice echoing down the short tunnel.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey -- where are you?!
scene_heading: 77. INT. WILLIE'S SUITE 77.
text: Back in the suite, Willie stands by the entrance to the secret
text: passage, peering into the dark tunnel --
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: Indiana Jones?! Are you in there?!
scene_heading: 78. INT. THE CHAMBER 78.
text: Indy mutters irritably to himself --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Yes, we're in here...
text: He looks everywhere for something to open the door. Short
text: Round spots a loose brick and moves it --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy, I found a --
text: Suddenly they hear a rumble and Indy turns to see the opposite
text: wall moving -- the spikes start appearing! Their lethal points
text: protrude from the wall as it starts closing in toward Indy and
dialog: Short Round.
speaker_heading: SHORT ROUND (Cont'd)
dialog: Indy -- !
text: Shorty points up and Indiana sees more spikes descending from the
text: ceiling! Indy turns toward the door and shouts --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Uh -- Willie?!
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Willie, you better get down here!
scene_heading: 79. INT. WILLIE'S SUITE 79.
text: Willie listens and looks scared --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (shouting back)
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: INDIANA (O.S.)
dialog: Willie, come here! Hurry up,
dialog: we're in trouble!!
speaker_heading: SHORT ROUND (O.S.)
dialog: Willie, help!!
text: Willie is frightened, confused and jumping around --
scene_heading: 80. INT. THE SPIKE CHAMBER 80.
text: The deadly spikes inch slowly toward them from the wall and ceil-
text: ing. They start pounding on the door and shout --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Willie, damn it! Get down here,
speaker_heading: NOW
scene_heading: 81. INT. WILLIE'S SUITE 81.
text: Willie finds the courage to finally whimper and step into the
dialog: dark passage --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh hell -- I bet I get all dirty
dialog: again!
scene_heading: 82. INT. THE TUNNEL 82.
text: Willie starts down the dark tunnel toward the chamber.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (O.S.)
dialog: WILLIE?!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I'm coming, what's the rush?!
dialog: Ohh! What's that?! There's
dialog: stuff all over the floor! I
dialog: can't see a thing!
scene_heading: 83. INT. THE SPIKE CHAMBER 83.
text: They hear her coming and Indy watches nervously as the spikes
dialog: draw even closer --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Move, Willie! Faster!
scene_heading: 84. INT. THE TUNNEL 84.
text: Willie crawls and crunches on the littered floor --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's all wet and icky! Aaahh --
dialog: things are moving!!
text: She sees the low lamp by the door to the chamber.
speaker_heading: SHORT ROUND (O.S.)
dialog: Please, Willie!
text: She grabs the lamp and turns it up so it burns brighter. She
text: looks around -- and SCREAMS!! She sees the sickening, swarming
text: mass of glistening insects crawling toward her, attracted by the
dialog: light --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: There's bugs! Bugs all over!
dialog: Help! Help me!
speaker_heading: INDIANA (O.S.)
dialog: Willie, open the door! GET US
text: OUT OF HERE!
text: Willie pounds on the door --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
text: OPEN THE DOOR! LET ME IN!!
scene_heading: 85. INT. THE SPIKE ROOM 85.
text: The spikes close in --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: GET US OUT! Willie, shut up and
dialog: listen! There's got to be a ful-
dialog: crum release! Look around!
speaker_heading: WILLIE (O.S.)
dialog: A what?!
scene_heading: 86. INT. THE TUNNEL 86.
text: Willie whines and frantically searches the wall. Insects are
text: crawling and jumping on her and she kicks at them!
speaker_heading: INDIANA (O.S.)
dialog: A fulcrum release lever!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I can't find any lever! Help me
dialog: Indy!
scene_heading: 87. INT. THE SPIKE CHAMBER 87.
text: Indiana and Short Round are backed against the wall and the
text: spikes are a foot away and moving in --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Look around, Willie! There's got to
dialog: be a liever hidden somewhere! Come
dialog: on, you can do it!
scene_heading: 88. INT. THE TUNNEL 88.
text: Insects drop onto Willie from the ceiling and fly at her as she
text: flattens against the wall. Then her elbow hits something -- a
text: loose stone. She claws at it and it falls out of the wall
text: leaving a hole.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: There's a hole! I found a square
dialog: hole!
speaker_heading: INDIANA (O.S.)
dialog: That's it -- the release lever --
dialog: look inside!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I am -- it looks horrible!
text: The hole is revolting : covered with squirming insects, it also
text: oozes some kind of glistening mucus.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (O.S.)
dialog: Reach inside!
text: Willie moves her hand toward the nauseating hole then pulls back.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I can't, Indy! I can't!
scene_heading: 89. INT. THE SPIKE TUNNEL 89.
text: Indiana turns his head sideways and sucks in his breath, but the
text: deadly spikes are poking into his leater jacket now --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: The lever! Willie, do it! NOW!
scene_heading: 90. INT. THE TUNNEL 90.
text: Willie screams and jams her hand into the gross hole --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
text: Oh God, it's soft -- it's moving!
speaker_heading: INDIANA (O.S.)
dialog: Willie!
scene_heading: 91. INT. THE SPIKE CHAMBER 91.
text: Short Round is frightened to death and crying --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Willie, help us! Hurry!
scene_heading: 92. INT. THE TUNNEL 92.
text: She hears Short Round crying and twists her hand in the disgust-
text: ing hole. Suddenly the door springs open! Willie pulls her hand
text: out and stares in horror -- her hand and arm are covered with
dialog: greenish slimey mung!
scene_heading: 93. INT. THE SPIKE CHAMBER 93.
text: The spikes suddenly retract, disappearing into the wall and clos-
text: ing. Indy pulls Willie inside the chamber and the door slams
text: shut again. Willie dances around, yelling about the hideous slime
text: on her arm.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Get is off me -- get it off!
text: Indy helps her wipe it off. Willie falls back against the door.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: You left me out there! What in
dialog: the hell were you doing in here?!
dialog: I want to leave this place right
dialog: now!!
text: She sees the same lever that Short Round pulled earlier and grabs
text: for it. Indiana dives and manages to stop her from activating
text: the spikes agian.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Not that one! We had enought of
dialog: that one, thank you...
text: He looks around and spots a small rock protruding from the wall.
text: Cautiously, praying htat it won't activate another booby trap,
text: Indy pushes the rock.
text: A large door opens on the other side of the chamber -- a soft
text: wind howls past outside the chamber.
scene_heading: 94. INT. THE WIND TUNNEL 94.
text: Indiana, Short Round and Willie exit the spike chamber and head
text: down a larger tunnel through which a roaring wind intermittantly
text: blows, howling eerily like a note of gloomy music.
text: Indiana follows a curve in the tunnel and they see light approaching.
text: The wind holws another dramatic note which gales past them as
text: they reach the mouth of the tunnel.
text: Indiana is joined by Willie and Short Round. They all stop in
text: astonishment at the sight below them:
scene_heading: 95. INT. THE TEMPLE OF DEATH 95.
text: As the camera pulls back, the mouth of the wind tunnel in which
text: they are standing becomes just a small hole overlooking the stag-
text: gering vastness of the incredible TEMPLE OF DEATH.
text: The colossal subterranean temple has been carved out of a solid
text: mass of rock. A vaulting cathedral-like ceiling is supported by
text: rows of carved stone columns.
text: Balconies overlook the temple floor. Pillared halls leading to
text: dark side chambers. Moving out of these chambers, hundreds of
text: faithful worshippers chant as they enter the temple.
text: Mammoth stone statues of elephants, lions and demi-gods (half/man,
text: half/animal monstrosities) loom above the swelling crowds or wor-
dialog: shippers.
text: As the wind howls out of the tunnel high above the temple, the
text: worshippers chant in response to the strange tunnel music.
scene_heading: 96. INT. THE TUNNEL 96.
text: The moaning wind rushes past Indiana, Willie and Short Round as
text: they watch the mystery cult below bowing toward an enormous altar
text: at the far end of the temple.
text: This altar is a platform jutting out from the stone wall of the
text: cavern. Separating the worshippers from this altar is a wide
text: crevasse out of which wisps of smoke rise occasionally.
scene_heading: 97. INT. THE ALTAR 97.
text: On the other side of the crevasse, evil-looking priests
text: materialize out of clouds of swirling smoke. The priests carry
text: smoke-billowing urns to a giant stone statue.
text: Now, we see the hideous protectress of the temple, the obscenely
text: malevolent ombect of the cult's devotion: the bloodthirsty god-
dialog: dess KALI!
text: The red-eyed priests bow at the base of the statue and gaze
text: reverently at their KALI MA. Skulls surround her stone feet
text: carved serpents twist up her legs, while around her waist there
text: is a guresome belt of human hands.
text: Naked to the hips, Kali's hair falls about her four arms. In her
text: hand, she holds a sword, in the second the severed head of a
text: giant.With her other hands she encourages her worshipers, who
dialog: are chanting louder and louder!
text: Kali's face is loathsome: her earrings are two corpses. Her
text: evil tongue extends out of her twisted mouth and what looks like
text: read blood flows over her long fangs and down her naked breasts.
scene_heading: 98. INT. THE WIND TUNNEL 98.
text: Watching from the high opening, Willie looks disgusted.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What is it...?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: It's a Thuggee ceremony. They're
text: whorshipping Kali, the goddess of
dialog: Death and Destruction.
scene_heading: 99. INT. THE TEMPLE OF DEATH 99.
text: A huge drum sounds three times and the chanting stops. The
text: silence is chilling as another robed figure appears out of the
text: some on the altar.
text: This is MOLA RAM, the High Priest of the Thugge cult. Mola
text: Ram's red-rimmed eyes glare from the sunken sockets in his
text: sinister face. Here is a man who looks as vile and diabolic
text: as the unholy goddess rising behind him.
text: Up in the wind tunnel, Indy stares down at the High Priest and
text: realizes that is was Mola Ram he saw conferring with Chattar Lal
text: in the palace garden.
text: As the drum booms three times more, Mola Ram lifts one arm
text: up from his emaciated body and suddenly there is a scream!
text: All heads turn toward an unfortunate, struggling Indian begin
text: dragged out by priests. The man's face and body are wildly
text: painted. He screams again as he's tied onto a square iron frame
text: laying atop a large flat stone.
text: Mola Ram steps forward to the stretched-out victim and the Indian
text: looks up into the High Priest's grotesque face --
text: Suddenly Mola Ram's hand shoots out toward the man's chest -- and
text: pierces it! The High Priests hand sinks into the victim's
text: writing body and rips out his living heart!
scene_heading: 100. INT. THE WIND TUNNEL 100.
text: Willie covers her mouth --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh my God! He ripped out his --
dialog: he killed him!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: No...the heart's still beating!
scene_heading: 101. INT. THE ALTAR 101.
text: Indeed, the bloody heart is still beating in Mola Ram's hand!
text: He lifts the heart into the air and the worhippers begin the chant.
scene_heading: THE MULTITUDE
dialog: Jai ma Kali, jai ma Kali!
text: Stranger still, the sacrificial victim is still alive -- there is
text: no evidence of a gash on his chest, only a reddish mark The
text: priests add chains to the iron frame and carry the victim over
text: toward a hoist hanging over the crevasse.
text: The man thrashes about helplessly on the iron frame as it is up
text: ended and then lowered with the victim hanging face down --
text: As the sacrificial victim looks down into the crevasse below --
text: he screams -- and we see the molten lava bubbling crimson at the
dialog: bottom of the chasm!
scene_heading: 102. INT. THE WIND TUNNEL 102.
text: Willie closes her eyes but Indy and Short Round watch horrified
text: as the iron frame is lowered -- and the bloody heart continues to
text: beat in Mola Ram's hand -- and the molten lava burns and flickers
text: as the screaming victim is lowered deeper into the crevasse.
scene_heading: 103. INT. THE TEMPLE 103.
text: The weird paint on the victim's face starts to smoke and sizzle --
text: the man's skin blisters as he's lowered within feet of the
text: lava. His flesh smokes and he screams one last time as his body
text: bursts into flame.
text: The iron frame sinks and submerges into the boiling fiery lava.
scene_heading: 104. INT. THE ALTAR 104.
text: Above the crevasse, Mola Ram continues to hold the heart in
text: his hand -- the heart is smoking and bursts into flames - and
dialog: disappears!
scene_heading: 105. INT. THE TEMPLE 105.
text: The iron frame is raised out of the lava -- the metal glows
text: like a branding iron, but there is no trace of the sacrificed
dialog: victim.
scene_heading: 106. INT. THE WIND TUNNEL 106.
text: As the wind howls again, Willie and Short Round look sickened and
text: appalled by the ceremony. Even Indy seems shaken by what they
text: are witnessing.
scene_heading: THE MULTITUDE
dialog: Jai ma Kali, jai ma Kali!
scene_heading: 107. INT. THE ALTAR 107.
text: Moal Ram raises both hands and his voice echoes strange incanta-
text: tions. Behind him, three priests carry cloth-wrapped objects to-
dialog: ward the altar.
scene_heading: 108. INT. THE WIND TUNNEL 108.
text: Willie is crying and her voice is shoking as she turns awa from
dialog: the hideous ritual --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Let's go! Let's get out of here!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Quiet!
scene_heading: 109. INT. THE ALTAR 109.
text: The priests reverently unwrap three conical pieces of
text: crystallized quartz. The place the three stones below the sta-
text: tue of Kali and slowly the smoke around the altar swirls --
text: The smoke is drawn to the three stones and they actually start in-
text: haling the piraling smoke. The smoke disappears into the stones
text: and the air clears. Then the three stones start to glow a
text: haunting incandescent white.
scene_heading: 110. INT. THE WIND TUNNEL 110.
text: Short Round looks scared. Willie is still crying -- Indy waits,
text: horrified but fascinated.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: The village knew their rock was
dialog: magic -- but they didn't know it
dialog: was one of the lost Sankara Stones...
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Why they glow like that?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Legend says that when the stones
dialog: are brought together the diamonds
text: inside of them will glow.
text: Willie wipes her eyes and becomes more interested --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Diamonds...?
scene_heading: 111. INT. THE ALTAR 111.
text: The Sankara Stones shimmer brightly, and inside the crystallized
text: quartz, the enormous sparkling diamonds of legend are now re-
text: vealed.
text: Mola Ram stands facing Kali with his arms outstretched and
text: kneels and bows and then walks off the altar and disappears.
scene_heading: 112. INT. THE WIND TUNNEL 112.
text: Indiana sees the woshippers below start to leave the temple. He
text: looks at Willie and Short Round.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Okay -- now listen -- you wait here
dialog: and keep quiet. Shorty, keep an
text: eye on her.
text: Short Round nods and hands Indy his bullwhip and shoulder bag.
text: Willie sees Indiana peering down at the sheer drop below the
text: mouth of the wind tunnel.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Wait -- what're you doing?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I'm going down.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Down? Down there?! Are you
dialog: crazy --!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I'm not leaving without those
dialog: stones.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You're gonna get killed chasing
dialog: after your damn fortune and
dialog: glory!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (looking at her)
dialog: Maybe...someday.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Not today.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
text: I keep my eye peeled, Indy.
text: Indiana nods and looks down at the now empty temple. Then he
text: slips down from the mouth of the wind tunnel.
scene_heading: 113. INT. THE TEMPLE WALL 113.
text: Indiana skillfully clumbs down an enormous tmeple column -- find-
text: ing footholds on stone cobras, carved lions and the stone breasts
text: of dancing girls. Slowly, he makes his way down and swings across
text: a balcony.
scene_heading: 114. INT. THE BALCONY 114.
text: Indiana walks quietly along the balcony overlooking the temple.
text: He stops -- between him and the altar is the crevasse with the
text: lava bubbling fire at the bottom.
text: Indiana looks across the gulf and sees another column near the
text: altar at the top of which stone elephants are perched. Indy
text: curls his whip and suddenly lets it fly --
text: The whip cracks and its end wraps tightly around the tusk of one
text: of the stone elephants. From the balcony, Indy tugs the whip
text: taut, takes a breath and runs --
scene_heading: 115. INT. THE CREVASSE 115.
text: Indiana leaps and swings out on the whip, arching down and up,
text: over the chasm of fiery lava in a spectacular curving jump!
scene_heading: 116. INT. THE LATAR 116.
text: Indy lands on his feet and turns to release the whip. Short
text: Round waves to Indy that the coast is clear. Indy snaps the whip
text: -- it releases from the elephant tusk and drops.
text: Recurling the whip, Indy attaches it to his belt and moves to-
text: ward the towering statue of Kali. The three Sankara stones start
text: to glow and Indiana approaches them cautiously.
text: Reaching the stones, Indy's face is lighted by them. He notices
text: that one of them (sthe stone from Mayapore village) has strange
text: lines painted across it.
text: Suspiciously, Indy touches the stone, but it doesn't burn. He
text: lifts it carefully and peers into it. The enormous diamond
text: sparkles inside. He places the stone in his shoulder bag and
text: reaches for the others.
scene_heading: 117. INT. THE WIND TUNNEL 117.
text: Short Round and Willie watch apprehensively as Indiana bags the
text: three stones.
scene_heading: 118. INT. THE ALTAR 118.
text: Indiana backs away and looks up at the horrific statue of Kali.
text: It seems to be watching him. He turns and is about to go when he
dialog: hears something --
text: It sounds like a voice and Indy is afraid to turn -- could it be
text: Kali? The he hears other noises echoing and turns slowly. Real-
text: alizing the sounds are coming from behind the altar, Indy moves
text: around it toward the back.
scene_heading: 119. INT. THE WIND TUNNEL 119.
text: Short Round and Willie are mystified as they see Indiana dissap-
text: pear behind the altar.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh hell, where's he going?
text: Short Round looks worried. Then the wind rushes past them quickly
text: and howls its somber musical note. However, the wind sounds dif-
text: ferent this time, its tone quavering slightly.
text: Short Round is puzzled and looks around. He feeezes when he sees
text: two shadowy figures coming down the tunnel toward them -- the
text: bodies causing the tone of the wind to shift eerily --
text: Willie notices Short Round pulling a dagger from his belt -
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What're you -- ?
text: Suddenly she turns and screams as two huge Thuggee guards rush
text: at them! One grabs at Short Round but the kid slashes the
text: guard's hand with his dagger.
text: Willie tries to get past the other guard, but he snatches her by
text: the arm and pulls her toward him -- from her training at the Col-
text: lege of Hard Knocks, Willie successfully knees the big man in the
dialog: balls.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: Keep your paws off, letch!
text: The man groans and sinks to his knees. Willie sees that Short
text: Round is in trouble. She runs over, leaps onto the back of the
text: other guard and starts ripping his hair out.
text: Short Round picks up his fallen dagger. The big guard lurches
text: backwards and smashes Willie into the rocky wall of the tunnel.
text: Willie falls to the floor.
text: Short Round approaches, holding the man at bay with his dagger.
text: Willie turns as the other guard, the one she kneed, crawls toward
text: her -- Willie scoops up some dirt and throws it. The man claws
text: at his eyes and Willie jumps up.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Run Willie!
text: Willie starts to run and Short Round backs away, keeping the
text: guard at a distance with his dagger. Suddenly the guard cries out
text: in Hindi and dives at Short Round.
text: Panicking, Shorty tries to run after Willie -- but he's tripped.
text: The guard has Short Round by the foot and drags him back. Willie
text: looks around and stops running. She sees Short Round is caught.
speaker_heading: SHORT ROUND (Cont'd)
dialog: No! Run! Go get help!
text: Willie hesitates, then runs down the tunnel. Meanwhile, a mam-
text: moth hand clutches Short Round's throat -- the giant guard lifts
text: Shorty completely off the ground and the kid looks terrified and
text: helpless as he dangles in the air...
scene_heading: 120. INT. CHAMBER BEHIND ALTAR 120.
text: Indiana enters the dark chamber behind the altar. The only il-
text: lumination is the back-light streaming around the silhouetted
text: statue of Kali.
text: Indy slowly crosses a narrow stone bridge and moves toward a cy-
text: lindrical shaft of light rising up from what appears to be an
text: enormous hole.
text: Indy hears voices and the clink of metal against rock as he con-
text: tinues forward. The ground is dark in front of the large hole.
text: He edges toward the precipice and the light rising up illuminates
text: the look of shock on his face as he peers down into Hell...
scene_heading: 121. INT. THE THUGGEE MINES 121.
text: Indy looks into a deep pit around which concentric paths leads off
text: into numerous narrow tunnels. Crawling out of these burrows,
text: scrawny children drag sacks of dirt and rock. Other hollow-eyed
text: children pull these sacks to mine cars waiting on rails.
text: Straining to lift the rocks into the mine cars, several of the
text: children slip and fall. Bare-chested Thuggee guards shout at the
text: enslaves children and kick those who've fallen.
dialog: For these children there would seem to be only one hope -- death
text: -- an end to their travail.
text: Indiana edges around the hole, looking into the ghastly mine and
text: feeling as if he's discovered an inferno of misery as grotesque
dialog: as Dante's.
text: Indy shifts the bag of stones on his shoulder. He hesitates and
dialog: considers his choice: he has the Sankara Stones and can leave
dialog: with them now...
text: But Indy hears the pleading cries of one child and peers down to
text: see a burly Thuggee guard beating the pitiful little slave. Indy
text: gets angrier and angrier as he watches.
text: He finally steps over the grabs a boulder. He lifts it and
text: flings it down into the mine --
scene_heading: 122. INT. THE MINE 122.
text: We see Indiana above and the boulder hurtling down -- it crashes
text: onto the head of the Thuggee guard who hits the ground like a
dialog: sack of cement!
scene_heading: 12. INT. THE CHAMBER 123.
text: Indy sees the startled slave children looking up at him in shock.
text: He smiles victoriously at the Thuggees below who've run over to
dialog: see what happened.
text: Indy's smile seems to fade as his anger turns to surprise as he
text: feels something unnerving:
text: Dirt is crumbling away from the rim of the hole, a small
text: landslide starting beneath his feet. Suddenly the floor gives
dialog: way and Indy slips!
text: The entire rim of the hole shears off and Indy topples with it
text: and plunges down into the mine toward the assembled guards who
text: scatter -- Indy yells as he falls and it echoes...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124. INT. A CELL - NIGHT 124.
text: Indiana's yell continues to echo -- his head jerks suddenly --
text: Indy jolts awake as if coming out of a nightmare, awakened by his
text: own reverberating shout.
text: Indy is lying on the rocky floor of a dark cave/cell. He lifts
text: his hands and discovers that they are chained. In the murky
text: light, he sees Short Round sitting in chains across the cell.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy -- you knocked out when you
dialog: fall. You okay?
text: Indiana nods groggily. He sees a young slave worker in rags sit-
text: ting near Short Round. Through the iron bars of the cell, Indy
text: sees the children slaving in the mine tunnels.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: (indicating the kid)
dialog: This is Nainsukh -- from the vil-
dialog: lage. They bring him here to dig
text: in the mines.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: NAINSUKH
dialog: Children are small -- we can work
dialog: in tunnels. Now I am too old.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: What they do to you now?
speaker_heading: NAINSUKH
dialog: I pray to Shiva -- let me die.
dialog: But I do not. Now -- now the
dialog: evil of Kali take me.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: NAINSUKH
dialog: They will make me drink blood of
text: Kali. Then I fall into black
dialog: sleep of Kali Ma...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: NAINSUKH
dialog: I become like them. I be alive --
dialog: nut like in nightmare. You drink
dialog: the blood, you not wake up from
dialog: nightmare of Kali Ma.
text: There's a noise and they see two guards and a priest outside the
text: cell. Nainsukh cowers in the darkness at the back of the cell,
text: like a trapped animal awaiting the inevitable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 125. INT. A MINE TUNNEL - NIGHT 125.
text: Indiana and Short Round are pushed down a tunnel by guards. They
text: are stopped at a door and shoved inside.
scene_heading: 126. INT. MOLA RAM'S CHAMBER 126.
text: Indiana and Short Round stumble into the chamber. It is a terri-
text: fying gallery of occult yantras, ritualistic statues and grisly
text: icons of the evil Thuggee sect.
text: Grotesque statues of Kali's baleful minions line the walls. In a
text: corner, there is another statue of Kali herself, draped with
text: flowers, necklaces of real human skills and slithering belts of
text: live snakes.
text: Fresh blood has been splashed over the statue and at its base are
text: the three Sankara Stones recovered from Indiana. Mola Ram sits
text: in a yoga position near the statue of Kali.
text: Mola Ram opens his eyes and he sees Indiana and Short Round
text: standing in chains before him.
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: You were caught trying to steal
dialog: the Sankara Stones.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Nobody's perfect. The way I
dialog: heard it, you stole one of them
text: from a small village.
text: Mola Ram stands and gazes transfixed at the stones glowing on the
dialog: altar.
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: There were five stones in the
dialog: beginning. Over the centuries
dialog: they were dispersed by wars,
dialog: sold off by thieves like you...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: Two are still missing.
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: No. They are here -- somewhere.
dialog: A century ago when the British
dialog: raided this temple and butchered
dialog: my people, a loyal priest his the
dialog: last two stones down here in the
text: catacombs.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: That's what you've got these chil-
dialog: dren -- these slaves digging for?
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
text: They dig for the gems to support
dialog: our cause. They also search for
dialog: the last two stones. Soon we will
dialog: have all five Sankara Stones and
dialog: the Thuggees will be all powerful!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Nobody can say you don't have a
dialog: vivid imagination.
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: You do not believe me? You will,
dialog: Dr. Jones. You will become a true
dialog: believer.
text: The door opens and Mola Ram bows slightly as the little Maharajah
text: enters. Indy looks surprised and Short Round tenses.
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM (Cont'd)
dialog: Your Highness will witness the
dialog: thief's conversion.
text: Mola Ram nods and two guards grab Indy. They drag him struggling
text: to a rock and chain him to it. Short Round scuffles as he's
text: pulled aside to watch.
text: Remembering the High Priest's earlier open-heart surgery, Indi-
text: ana looks worried as Mola Ram approaches him --
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH
dialog: You will not suffer. I recently
dialog: became of age and tasted the blood
dialog: of Kali.
text: Now the young initiate comes forward and Indiana looks startled --
text: it's Nainsukh. He is wearing robes and his eyes are glowing
text: strangely. Nainsukh hands Mola Ram a hollow human skull full of
dialog: blood!
text: The guards hold Indiana's head back and force his mouth open.
text: Mola Ram tips the skull and blood spills out of its death-
text: grinning jaws and flows into Indiana's mouth. Indy gags --
text: Suddenly he spits the blood, spraying Mola Ram and the little
text: Maharajah. Looking at his blood-splattered clothes, the Mahara-
text: jah is furious.
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: Hold him!
text: The little prince's eyes glow angrily and he hisses at Indy --
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH
dialog: You will learn to obey because
dialog: you are powerless!
text: The little Maharajah pulls a small krtya from his robes -- Indy
text: sees that the doll has been crudely fashioned to resemble him.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH (Cont'd)
dialog: I control you now!
text: The Maharajah turns and sticks the doll into a flaming urn. In-
text: diana suddenly cries out and twists in pain as he is burned! The
text: little prince smiles evilly and puts the doll back into his
dialog: robes.
text: Then he goes over to where Indy's whip and bag have been laid.
text: He grabs the bullwhip.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH (Cont'd)
dialog: You told me that a whip could be
dialog: an enemy to its owner. We shall
dialog: see! Turn him over!
text: As the guards turn Indy face down, they rip off his jacket and
text: chain his ahnds to the rock. The Maharajah uncurls the whip -- he
text: notices Short Round smiling snidely --
text: Suddenly the Maharajah cracks the whip -- it lashes out and cuts
text: into Short Round's shoulder. Blood appears and Short Round looks
text: stunned by the lash and by the fact the Marahajah knows who to
dialog: use the whip.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH (Cont'd)
dialog: As Dr. Jones suggested, I have
dialog: been practicing.
text: The little Maharajah whirls and lashes the whip again. Indiana
text: jerks as the bullwhip rips through his shirt and tears open his
text: flesh. The Maharajah lashes again and again -- blood spurts
text: across Indy's tattered shirt.
text: As the whipping continues- Short Round jumps as if he is also be-
text: ing beaten. His eyes fill with tears as he watches Indy suffer.
text: Finally, the little Maharajah lets the whip fall limp. As the
text: Maharajah approaches Indy, Short Round lunges as him angrily but
text: the guards restrain him.
text: Indiana groans as he's turned over. Blood trickles from his
text: mouth and he stares up hatefully at Mola Ram.
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: The British in India will be
dialog: slaughtered. Then we will over-
dialog: run the Moslems and force their
dialog: "Allah" to bow to Kali.
text: Mola Ram is once again given the human skull by a priest and he
text: lifts it toward Indy's face --
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM (Cont'd)
dialog: And then the Hebrew God will fall
dialog: and finally the Christian God will
text: be cast down and forgotten.
text: Indy's head is held back and Mola Ram spills the blood -- it
text: flows out of the mouth of the skull into Indy's mouth.
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM (Cont'd)
dialog: Soon Kali Ma will rule the world!
text: Indy's eyes look horrified as the blood flows from the skull down
text: his choking throat -- some of the blood spills and falls to the
dialog: floor --
text: We see the very earth trembling as the evil spreads -- a fissure
text: appears beneath Indy's feet and a small line of crimson lava
text: oozes out and smiles evilly across the floor...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 127. INT. WILLIE'S SUITE - NIGHT 127.
text: Diaphanous curtains billow silently into the moonlighted room.
text: Two exotic birds sit on a golden perch, their eyes clicking
text: watchfully. Suddenly the brids shriek and flap away --
text: Willie stumbles through the secret door and falls into the room.
text: Insects cover her and she shimpers as she knocks them off. She
text: manages to stagger to her feet and she heads for the door.
scene_heading: 128. INT. THE PALACE - NIGHT 128.
text: Willie rushes out of her room and runs through the deserted pal-
text: ace looking for help. She flies down the moonlit corridors, past
text: the huge wall paintings.
text: She stops by a courtyard and calls out desperately, but there is
text: no one around. She backs away down a hallway and then jumps --
text: seeing something in a mirror: a face looms behind her and she
dialog: screams!
text: Willie whirls and sees Chattar Lal, the Prime Minister, approach-
dialog: ing her.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh my God, you scared me! Listen,
dialog: you've got to help. We found this
dialog: tunnel --
text: Captain Blumburtt comes around a corner and interrupts --
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: (to Chattar Lal)
text: Jones isn't in his room. Miss
dialog: Scott -- my troops are leaving at
dialog: dawn if you want us to escort you
dialog: to Delhi --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: No -- you can't go! Something aw-
dialog: ful's happened. They've got Short
dialog: Round and I think Indy's been --
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
text: We found a tennel that leads to a
dialog: temple below the palace! Please,
dialog: come with me, I'll show you!
text: The two men exchange dubious looks. Willie grabs Blumburtt by
text: the arm and they start down the hall.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: Miss Scott, you're not making any
dialog: sense.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I'm afraid they'll kill them! We
dialog: saw horrible things down there --
dialog: they had a human sacrifice and they
dialog: ripped a man's heart out!
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's some kind of cult! And they've
dialog: got the sacred stones that Indy was
dialog: searching for.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
text: I sense the fumes of opium in all
dialog: this. Prehaps Miss Scott picked
dialog: up the habit in Shanghai.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What're you talking about -- I'm
dialog: not a dope fiend! I saw it! I'll
dialog: show you!
scene_heading: 129. INT. WILLIE'S SUITE 129.
text: She leads them into her suite. Willie points to the dark opening
text: in the wall. Blumburtt picks up an oil lamp and holds it toward
text: the opening -- suddenly he jumps back as Indiana emerges!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (smiling faintly)
dialog: What're we playing, hid and seek?
text: They're all startled. Willie looks relieved and rushes over to
text: Indy and puts her arms around him.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh, Indy, you got away! Tell them
dialog: what happened, they won't believe
dialog: me --
text: He puts his arms around her and feels her trembling from fear and
text: anger. He walks her to the bed and helps her sit down --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: It's okay. You're all right now.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: They think I'm insane. Tell them
dialog: I'm not, Indy. Please -- help me ...
text: The awful events have taken their toll and Willie covers her face
text: and cries like a scared kid. Indy gets her to lie down on the
text: bed. He sits beside her and smiles and touches her hair --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Hey, I thought you were supposed
dialog: to be a real tropper. Willie?
text: He wipes the tears from her face and she holds his hand --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You've got to go to sleep now.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I want to go home...
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I don't blame you... this hasn't
dialog: been what you'd call a fun vaca-
dialog: tion...
text: She smiles a little despite herself and he touches her cheek.
text: He eyes are already closing and he stands up.
text: A servant is entering the suite to take care of Willie. She cov-
text: sers her with a blanket and start dropping the mosquito netting
text: as Indy walks off toward the verandah with Blumburtt and Chattar
dialog: Lal.
scene_heading: 130. EXT. THE VERANDAH - DAWN 130.
text: The first light is breaking over the mountain peaks. Coming out
text: onto the verandah, Indy and the other two men see the cavalry
text: troops breaking camp below and readying their horses and trucks.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I've spent by life crawling around
dialog: in caves and tunnels -- I shouldn't
dialog: have let somebody like Willie go
dialog: in there with me.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: Miss Scott panicked?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: When she saw the insects she passed
text: out cold. I carried her back to
dialog: her room. She was sleeping when I
dialog: re-entered the tunnel to look
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
text: As she slept, she undoubtedly had
dialog: nightmares.
text: Indiana looks at him and nods.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: Then she must have run out of the
dialog: room and you found her.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: Did you discover anything in that
dialog: tunnel, Dr. Jones?
text: Indiana stares into the rising sun.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Nothing. Just a dead end. That
dialog: tunnel's been deserted for years.
text: A sergeant-major shouts up to Blumburtt that the troops are
dialog: ready.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: Well, Mr. Prime Minister, my re-
dialog: port will duly note that we
dialog: found nothing unusual here in
dialog: Pankot.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: I'm sure that will please the
dialog: Maharajah, Captain.
scene_heading: CAPT. BLUMBURTT
dialog: (to Indiana)
dialog: As I said before, we'd be happy to
dialog: escort you to Delhi.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Thanks, but I don't think Willie is
dialog: ready to travel yet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 131. EXT. THE PALACE ROAD - MORNING 131.
text: Dust swirls as the British cavalry moves off with their Highland
text: Pipers at the head playing a military bagpipe tune. Capt. Blum-
text: burtt comes out of the palace and gets into an open car.
text: Blumburtt's car moves off behind the cavalry and then the supply
text: trucks follow.
scene_heading: 132. INT. WILLIE'S SUITE 132.
text: The whine of the bagpipes is eerily muted in the dark room.
text: Through the gently swaying mosquito netting, we see Willie asleep
text: on the bed.
text: Then through her side of the gauzy netting, we see the door
text: opening across the room. Indiana enters quietly and moves toward
text: the bed, his eyes fixed on Willie's sleeping body.
text: Indy sits down on the bed slowly. Willie turns in her sleep and
text: opens her eyes. Through the mosquito netting she sees Indy sit-
text: ting with his back to her.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Indy? Did you walk to them?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: So now they believe me.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Yes, they believe you.
text: Indiana speaks in a strange monotone.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Then they'll send the soldiers
dialog: down into the temple...
text: Willie looks at Indiana's back and continues quietly.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: I was scared to death last night
dialog: when I thought they were going to
dialog: kill you.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: No... they won't kill me.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (smiling faintly)
dialog: You know you've been nothing but
dialog: trouble since I hooked up with
dialog: you -- but I have to admit I'd
dialog: miss you if I lost you...
text: Now Indiana starts to turn slowly.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You won't lose me, Willie...
text: She sees him turn and his face slowly comes toward the mosquito
text: netting -- his face pushes into the netting and Willie looks
text: stunned as Indy's mouth opens --
text: He starts hissing grotesquely, smoke billows out of his mouth and
text: the mosquito netting BURNS OPEN to expose his terrifying face
dialog: moving toward Willie --
text: She is forzen with fear and unable to utter a sound as Indy's
text: malevolent face looms at her -- and then she notices his eyes --
text: his eyes glowing a hellish luminscent yellow!
dialog: Willie SCREAMS!!
text: She suddenly bolts from the bed and tries to run -- Indiana goes
text: into a rage, ripping the mosquito netting from the bed as he fol-
text: lows her.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: No! I've found it -- you can't --
dialog: Kali knows!
text: Willie tries the door but it's locked. She sees Indiana moving
text: toward her ranting incoherently as he smashes a vase out of his
dialog: way --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: -- been too many lies -- there's no
dialog: god's heaven -- just -- the horror!
dialog: I've seen it -- life preying on
dialog: life!
text: Willie cowers in a corner, horrified by the transformation she
text: sees in Indiana. Shouting and pacing Indy holds his head against
dialog: the pain of his terrible thoughts --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: -- rivers -- destroying mountains --
text: a comet in space -- exploding!
dialog: (holding his head)
text: Aaahh! -- the screams -- pitiful
dialog: people -- their pain -- the hate --
dialog: and greed -- always greed!
text: The light throws his shadow over Willie -- a giant shadow float-
text: ing back and forth over her as she cries in the corner, unable to
text: fight the evil devouring Indiana.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: -- but I've found -- Kali's touch!
dialog: Death -- no more lies -- the death
dialog: I've been searching for!
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Quit crying! She can hear you --
dialog: Kali knows fear -- don't you under-
dialog: stand -- Kali is freedom!
text: Indiana stops pacing and Willie freezes in terror. Now a bizarre
text: yellow light wipes across the room. Indiana turns and watches
text: silently as two Thuggee guards emerge from a secret doorway
dialog: that's opened --
text: The shadows of the Thuggee guards loom over Willie and she
dialog: SCREAMS again!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 133. INT. THE TEMPLE OF DEATH - DAY 133.
text: A sea of frightening faces once again intones the horrible sacri-
text: ficial chant. Among the shorshippers, the little Maharajah sits
text: on a riased platform. Like the other believers, he stares across
text: the crevasse at the altar of Kali Ma.
text: The wailing wind howls out of the high tunnel and the terrifying
text: chanting reaches a fever pitch.
scene_heading: 134. INT. THE TMEPLE ALTAR 134.
text: And once again the three sacred Sankara Stones glow magically.
text: Mola Ram materializes evilly amidst the swirling smoke and he
text: begins chanting in Sanskrit.
text: Beside the altar, half-clad female acolytes pass in front of the
text: robed priests -- with their fingers the women paint two white
text: lines across the priests' foreheads.
text: An acolyte moves in front of Chattar Lal -- the Prime Minister is
text: now dressed in robes. As the devotional markings are painted on
text: his forehead, Chattar Lal translates the High Priest's speech to
text: Indiana who stands next to him.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
text: Mola Ram is telling the faithful
dialog: of out victory. He says the
dialog: British have left the palace,
text: which proves Kali Ma's new power.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Yes, I understand.
text: Indiana bows his head to receive the mystical markings. He lis-
text: tens to Mola Ram's rantings -- Indy's eyes are ominously vacant
text: as he stares up at the hideous statue of Kali.
scene_heading: 135. INT. MINE TUNNELS - DAY 135.
text: Beneath the temple, down in the bowels of the mountain, the piti-
text: ful children dig at the earth with their fingers. A FAT GUARD
text: slouches down the tunnel, flogging malingerers with a aleather
dialog: strap.
text: Short Round sweats next to the others, clawing at the rocks,
text: doomed to work with them now in their search for the last wo
dialog: Sankara Stones.
text: The leather strap suddenly flays Short Round's back and he barely
text: manages not to scream out in pain. The fat guard passes -- Short
text: Round and the other kids pull a large rock which suddenly comes
dialog: loose out of the wall -- !
text: They fall back and see they've exposed a vein of molten lava!
text: Hearing their shouts, the fat guard returns -- yelling at their
text: stupidity, he whips them and shoves them aside brutally.
text: Short Round see the fat guard's eyes glowing fiercely in anger.
text: Suddenly the fissure shoots out steam and spews some molten lava
text: over the guard's legs.
text: The guard screams and falls to the ground, thrashing about, try-
text: ing to kick the searing lava off his smoking flesh.
text: As the other kids cower, Short Round's humane instincts cause him
text: to jump forward to help the guard who moments earlier was beating
dialog: him --
text: Short Round tosses dirt on the guard's legs and grabs a gunny
text: sack and starts rubbing the lava off. Shorty notices something
dialog: strange:
text: The guard's eyes, which were glowing yellow before, are now dim-
text: ming and returning to normal. The moaning guard looks at Shorty
text: thankfully and then looks around as if waking from a nightmare --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: (to another slave kid)
text: His eyes -- they go out.
text: Other guards appear and lift the guard -- suddenly he starts
text: struggling against the guards not wanting to return to the night-
dialog: mare of Kali --
speaker_heading: FAT GUARD
text: (as he's dragged away)
dialog: No! NO!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: The pain -- the pain makes him wake up!
dialog: (thinking quickly)
dialog: Indy! I can make Indy wake up!
text: But the other guards push and beat the children back to work.
text: Short Round is shoved against a wall and groans -- he reaches over
text: and grabs a large rock, lifting it defiantly --
text: But rather than heaving it at the guard, Short Round smashes the
text: rock down on the leg chains binding him to the other children.
text: Shorty beats at the chain with the rock, determined to escape.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy!
scene_heading: 136. INT. THE TEMPLE OF DEATH 136.
text: The wind moans and joins Mola Ram's voice echoing maniacally over
text: the multitude gathered in the enormous temple. On his throne,
text: the little Maharajah listens transfixed.
scene_heading: 137. INT. THE ALTAR 137.
text: Chattar Lal watches Indiana staring hypnotically at the High
text: Priest as he speaks --
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: You understand what he tells us?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Kali Ma protects us now and for-
dialog: ever, and we must pledge our
text: devotion by worshipping her with
dialog: an offering of flesh and blood!
text: Suddenly htere is a heart-rending scream of terror and the
text: priests draf forward the next sacrificial victim --
text: Indiana's glowing eyes watch emotionlessly as Willie is brought
text: out. Dressed in a Rajput maiden's outfit, Willie has been jewel-
text: ed and draped with flowers -- a strange contrast as she struggles
text: desperately.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: Your friend has seen and she has
dialog: heard -- now she will not talk.
text: As Willie is dragged past she sees Indy and calls to him --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Indy! Help me! Indy?!
text: Willie is shocked seeing that Indiana remains impassive and un-
text: caring as she's dragged to her death.
speaker_heading: CHATTAR LAL
dialog: (to Indy)
dialog: This will prove your devotion to
dialog: Kali.
text: Indiana looks away from Willie's terrified face and stares up
text: adoringly at the monstrous statue of his goddess Kali.
scene_heading: 138. INT. THE MINE 138.
text: In the dark tunnel, a rock smashes down onto a chain -- and
text: breaks it! Short Round is exhausted. He looks around furtively
text: and sees a guard approaching.
dialog: 
text: Short Round takes a chance -- he dives and rolls across the
text: tunnel. He ducks behind a mine car full of rocks being pushed
text: out by two chained children.
text: The guard lumbers past unsuspectingly as Short Round makes his
text: escape using the moving mine car as cover.
scene_heading: 139. INT. THE ALTAR 139.
text: Up in the temple, Willie continues to struggle as her legs are
text: strapped to the iron sacrifical frame. Chattar Lal grabs her
text: hand and ties it down. Willie's free hand reaches out imploring-
dialog: ly toward Indiana --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (hoarsely)
dialog: Please, God, don't let them do
dialog: this to me -- help me, Indy!
text: He reaches out slowly and Willie grabs his hand tightly. Indy
text: looks into her eyes and then stares at her hand -- and slowly
text: lifts it and starts tying it to the iron frame.
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: No -- no!
text: Willie cries is disbelief as Indiana calmly betrays her.
scene_heading: 140. INT. THE MINES BELOW 140.
text: Short Round races up a tunnel and then flattens himself behind a
text: corner. He peers anxiously into a large carven and sees two
text: guards walking away.
text: When the coast is clear, Short Round darts across the cavern to a
text: long wooden ladder tilted up against a wall. Short Round looks
text: up the high ladder and sees a kid with a sack of rocks descending
text: from a burrow-hole half-way up the wall.
text: The exhausted kid nearly collapses at the bottom -- then jumps
text: seeing Short Round. Shorty motions for him to keep quiet.
text: Amaxed, the kid watches Short Round scramble up the ladder.
text: Shorty continues until he is high above the floor.
text: Dirty faces stare out of the high burrow as Short Round stops
text: climbing. The kids are astonished as Short Round suddenly grunts
text: and kicks the ladder away from the wall!
text: The high ladder falls in an arc and what seem like sure suicide
text: slowly resembles a mini-Indiana Junes stunt as Short Round swings
text: to the other side of the falling ladder --
text: Short Round holds on for dear life as the ladder crashes against
text: the opposite cavern wall -- giving Short Round access to the
text: roof-hole that leads up to the temple!
text: Short Round scurries up the ladder and pulls himself up into the
text: chamber behind the altar. He looks at the light flaring around
dialog: the statue of Kali --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy -- !
scene_heading: 141. INT. THE TEMPLE OF DEATH 141.
text: Chains clank and gears grind as the sacrificial frame is raised
text: over the crevasse. Stretched out on it, Willie looks horrified
text: as she hangs suspended face down above the boiling lava!
text: The frame and victim descend slowly into the crevasse and the
text: crowd around the little Maharajah changs louder.
scene_heading: 142. INT. THE REAR CHAMBER 142.
text: Short Round dashes across the dark chamber behind the altar. He
text: peers out and sees Willie disappearing into the crewasse! He
text: sees Indiana watching impassively --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: No -- Indy -- wake up!
text: Then Shorty sees a flaming torch hanging on a wall bracket and he
dialog: has an idea.
scene_heading: 143. INT. THE ALTAR 143.
text: Short Round suddenly darts out onto the altar and Mola Ram sees
text: him and yells. Several priests grab for Shorty. He eludes the
text: first priest, smashes the second in the stomach with his head,
text: and runs like a little quarterback toward the fiery torch --
text: Short Round snatches the torch from the wall and charges toward
text: Indiana. Seeing him coming, Indy's eyes start glowing yellow and
text: when Short Round runs up to him, Indiana suddenly swings and
text: backhands the little guy brutally across the face!
text: The torch flies out of Shorty's hand as he's knocked against at
text: wall by Indy's vicious blow -- Short Round wipes a little blood
text: from his chin and stares at his hero in wounded disbelief.
text: Chattar Lal watches approvingly -- a priest moves toward Shorty.
text: Chattar Lal looks back toward the crevasse --
text: Willie hangs on the lowering frame, heat waves rising up now to
text: scald her skin and she chokes as the sulphuric air burns her
dialog: lungs!
text: Meanwhile Short Round is crawling backwards across the floor with
text: a look of terror on his face -- Indiana stalks him, hissing,
text: snarling, his eyes lgowing --
text: Short Round springs to his feet and tries to run -- Indy grabs
text: him and pulls him -- Shorty's hand grabs for another wall torch
dialog: and just manages to yank it free!
text: Indiana spins Short Round and clutches his throat. As Indy
text: strangles him, Short Round struggles and finally jams the torch
text: into Indy's side. The fiery torch burns Indy, smoking as it
text: sears his flesh, and he yells in pain.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Wake up! It's just a nightmare,
dialog: Indy! Wake up, please Indy!
text: Indiana writhes in pain and Short Round sees the evil yellow glow
text: in Indy's eyes getting dimmer and finally going out. Now it
text: seems like theold Indiana staring at him --
speaker_heading: SHORT ROUND (Cont'd)
dialog: Indy, you back?
text: Suddenly a priest grabs Short Round and pulls him off Indiana.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: No! Give him to me!
text: Short Round is firghtened as Indy grabs him from the priest.
text: Indy lifts Short Round into the air --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: No, Indy, no!
text: He sets Short Round down on the brink of the crevasse an inch
text: from doom. Shorty looks down at the lava and is terrified.
text: Indiana finally flahses him a quick smile and winks!
text: Then Indiana whirls and punches the priest in the face! Short
text: Round cheers, realizing that Indiana is back.
speaker_heading: SHORT ROUND (Cont'd)
dialog: We got to help Willie!
text: Indiana springs into action, stopping another priest with a quick
text: punch in the stomach. Then he rushes over to the crankwheel and
text: pulley platform. Indy jumps onto it, yanking one priest off who
text: spills onto the floor.
text: A second priest, who works the controls lowering the sacrificial
text: frame, sees Indy and releases the crankwheel --
text: Down in the crevasse, Willie screams as the iron frame suddenly
text: plummets toward the fulminating lava!
text: On the platform, the priest lunges at Indiana -- Indy uses the
text: man's own momentum to throw him over his head. Indy then dives
text: for the crankwheel and manages to stop it --
text: Down in the crevasse, the fram jolts to a stop only yards above
text: the spumes of fiery lava. The heat is so intense now that Wil-
text: lie's clothes start smoking and she passes out...
text: On the platform above, Indiana cranks furiously, raising the sa-
text: crificial frame.
scene_heading: 144. INT. THE TEMPLE 144.
text: The chanting stops at the Kali worshippers notice the battle on
text: the altar. The little Maharajah looks concerned and leaves,
text: shoving through the crowd behind his bodyguards.
scene_heading: 145. INT. THE ALTAR 145.
text: Mola Ram shouts at his priests and another one of them runs to-
text: ward Indy on the platform. Short Round dives and tackles the
dialog: priest.
text: Chattar Lal finally leaps onto the crankwheel platform and Indy
text: sees him pull a dagger. He slashes at Indiana and Indy has to
text: let go of the crankwheel -- the gears scream and the chains
dialog: screech!
text: Below in the crevasse, the iron frame plunges again toward the
dialog: crimson lava!
text: On the platform, Indy hears the frame lowering and looks pan-
text: icked. Chattar Lal slahses again with the dagger -- keeping Indy
text: away from the cogwheel mechanism --
text: Indy suddenly kicks the dagger from Chattar Lal's hand slugs him
text: in the stomach and dives toward the cogwheel mechanism. He grabs
text: a iron rod and throws it into the gears --
text: the gears mangle the iron rod but finally grind to a stop. Indi-
text: ana grabs the crankwheel and starts winding it up furiously.
text: Meanwhile, Short Round jumps onto the platform with Indy and
text: grabs a long wrench. He starts swinging the wrench, keeping the
text: last priests off the platfrom.
text: The sacrificial frame finally rises up into view and Indiana
text: grabs it and swings it over onto the platform. He looks at Wil-
text: lie anxiously as he releases her bindings --
text: Willie moans and moves her head. Indy pulls her off the frame
text: and she starts coughing. Gasping for breath, Willie ervives as
text: fresh air flows into her lungs.
text: Finally Willie opens her eyes and she sees Indiana. Then she
text: notices something else and manages to cry out hoarsely --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Look out -- !
text: Chattar Lal grabs a pistol from an unconscious guard and Indiana
text: whirls to see him pointing it -- Indy kicks the gun from his hand
text: and suddenly Chattar Lal starts shouting in a terrifying voice --
text: Chattar Lal's eyes glow as he lunges suicidally at Indiana, at-
text: tempting to take Indy with him as he dives from the platform!
text: Crashing into Indy, Chattar Lal knocks both of them back onto the
text: sacrificial frame which swings out over the crevasse --
text: Indy manages to dive off the frame just in time. He grabs hold
text: of the platform as the crankwheel screams and the frame falls!
text: Looking up from the depths of the crevasse, we see the frame with
text: Chattar Lal on it plummeting downward into the sulphurous smoke!
text: The frame finally crashes, splashing into the molten lava.
text: Chattar Lal's body explodes inot flame friefly -- his flesh is
text: broiled off in an instant -- we glimpse a skeleton momentarily --
text: and then all is consumed and obliterated by the blazing lava.
text: scramble over to Short Round who jumps off the platform and they
text: follow him across the altar.
text: Indy sees Mola Ram quickly collecting the sacred Sankara Stones.
text: Indiana rushes over and spins Mola Ram around --
text: He slugs the High Priest in the face and Mola Ram keels over
text: backwards against the statue of Kali. Short Round helps stuff
text: the Sankara Stones into Indiana's shoulder bag.
scene_heading: 146. INT. THE REAR CHAMBER 146.
text: Short Round, Willie and Indiana rush across the chamber behind
text: the altar. They run over to the ladder and start climbing down
text: into the mines.
scene_heading: 147. INT. THE MINES
text: Willie follows Short Round. Indiana jumps down last and pulls
text: the ladder away, letting it crash to the floor so they won't be
dialog: followed.
text: They draw the attention of the slave children working in the tun-
text: nels around the cavern. But it's the sight of the approaching
dialog: guard that worries Indy --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Come on, quick!
text: They duck into one of the tunnels. As they hide, Indy watches
text: the guard passing.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What're we going to do?
text: Indiana looks around at the silent, frightened children who've
text: stopped working in the tunnel and his anger darkens --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: We're going to get them out
dialog: of here -- !
text: Then he looks at the bag holding the Sankara Stones and grows
dialog: still more determined --
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: And then we're going to get these
dialog: out of here -- !
dialog: (seething)
dialog: And somehow I'm going to see this
dialog: place destroyed.
scene_heading: 148. INT. THE CAVERN - MOMENTS LATER 148.
text: A gaurd passing hears a voice and stops --
speaker_heading: INDIANA (O.S.)
dialog: Ah, sir? Excuse me --
text: The guard turns and looks amazed to see Indy smiling at him from
text: the mouth of the tunnel.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: Listen, I'm from the union and I'd
dialog: like to talk about the working
dialog: conditions here. Could you step
dialog: inside a minute?
text: Indy smiles again and disappears into the tunnel. In astonished
text: rage, the guard draws his sword and goes after Indy into the tun-
text: nel -- there's a pause and then we hear the guard yell!
scene_heading: 149. INT. THE TUNNEL 149.
text: Willie flattens against the wall as Indiana catapaults the big
text: guard past her back into the mine where he's set upon bu a horde
dialog: of rebellious slave children.
text: The kids swarm over the guard like jackalas and we see Short Round
text: pull a key from the struggling guard's robe.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 150. MONTAGE - THE MINES 150.
text: A key is twisted and the chains are pulled from kids' legs...
text: Elsewhere, more chains are unlocked and rattle free. Liberated
text: kids spill out of the tunnels...
text: A guard is tripped and attacked by a horde of ex-slaves...
text: In another location, kids wrap captured guards in layers of
dialog: chains...
text: High up on a ledge, a fleeing gaurd skids to a stop when he sees
text: kids charging at him. He sees more kids rushing from behind him.
text: The guard scrams as he dives off the ledge...
speaker_heading: (END MONTAGE)
scene_heading: 151. INT. BEHIND THE ALTAR - DAY 151.
text: Freed children scramble up numerous ladders to escape the mines
text: below. They follow the mass of children moving toward the front
dialog: altar.
scene_heading: 152. INT. THE ALTAR 152.
text: On the altar, under the statue of Kali, Willie and Short Round
text: are helping Indy and some of the bigger children rip down a
text: long wooden panel decorated with hideous Kali figures.
text: The childrens' escape is blocked by the chasm separating the
text: altar from the deserted sorshippers' area of the temple. The
text: swelling crowds of children push and teeter dangerously on the
text: edge of the fire pit.
text: Indiana and the others carry the wooden panel through the crowd
text: toward the chasm. They stand it up and when Indy gives thw word
dialog: they drop it --
text: The panel crashes across the chasm forming a plank across which
text: the children now begin running to safety.
scene_heading: 153. INT. BEHIND THE ALTAR 153.
text: The last of the children scramble up the ladders and run toward
text: the front of the altar.
scene_heading: 154. INT. THE ALTAR 154.
text: The childrens' bare feet stomp across the wooden plank -- below
text: them the lava of the fire pit bubbles and shows outbursts of
dialog: flame.
text: Indy stares at the plank and sees that it's starting to smoke
text: from the intese heat rising up.
text: On the far side of the plank, the children safely across scatter
text: through the deserted temple toward freedom.
text: Willie and Short Round help the last kids out onto the plank --
text: Indy sees one child's foot break though the smoldering wood --
text: the kid in front pulls the child to safety.
text: Willie and Short Round start to go out onto the plank but Indy
text: shouts at them --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: No, wait!
text: He runs over and pulls them aside -- he steps out onto the plank
text: and takes a few steps to test it -- suddenly the plank bursts
text: into flame in the middle.
text: Indy takes one more step -- and then the plank breaks! Indy
text: dives back to the ledge of the altar and Willie and Short Round
text: grab him and pull him up and the wooden plank plummets into the
text: fiery chasm.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What're we going to do?!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: There's got to be another way out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 155. INT. A TUNNEL 155.
text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round run through the deserted mine
text: tunnels. They hear a rumbling noise and Indy leads them down a
text: side tunnel. They stop and peer into a quarry.
scene_heading: 156. INT. THE QUARRY CAVERN 156.
text: A large cavern is the depository for the mine cars rolling in
text: with loads of rock. Emaciated children (still unaware of the re-
text: volt and the other childrens' escape) break their backs shoving
text: the heavily-loaded mine cars.
text: Thuggee guards supervise the deadening work, while others oper-
text: ate the pulley-and-hoist system used to drag the cars up the
text: sloped dump ramp.
text: Behind this operation, a thunderous waterfall cascades into a
text: huge cistern. From there, chutes deply the rushing water to
text: power the large conveyor belt below it.
text: As the cars rise up the ramp, they tip and spill rocks onto the
text: conveyor belt which carries them toward an awesome stone cylinder
text: that rolls relentlessly , crushing the rocks into sand.
text: From the side tunnel, Indiana watches the noisy operation.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Those empty cars have got to go
text: out of the mines.
text: Willie and Short Round watch the children push the empty mine
text: cars. The cars gain momentum and roll away down two dark tun-
dialog: nels.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: Come on, let's see if we can
dialog: catch a ride...
text: Tey duck out of the tunnel and run for cover behind a slag heap.
text: Loaded mine cars roaring down from the mines hurtle past them and
text: crash to a stop against the cars in front.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: Okay, Shorty -- go!
text: He pushes Short Round who darts out after a mine car roars past
text: and dodges across the tracks before the next one descends. Indy
text: pushes Willie into position and holds her ready --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I can't!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Go!
text: After another car crashes past, Indy shoves her. Willie runs out
text: -- her shoe gets stuck and she freezes in the tracks! Willie
text: sees a rock-filled car blasting down out of a tunnel directly
dialog: toward her!
text: Indiana dives, knocking Willie safely to the ground on the other
text: side of the tracks -- the heavy car hurtles past and crashes into
text: the cars in front.
text: Indy pulls Willie behind a massive wooden post holding up the
text: dump ramp and they hide from a passing gaurd.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: We've got to get across to the
dialog: empty cars. Wait here until I
dialog: signal you.
text: They watch him run and hurdle a pile of lumber, bound up three
text: steps and duck behind a tool shack on the platform. Indy reaches
text: out and grabs one of the passing slave children.
text: They see Indy put his hand over the kid's mouth and whisper to
text: him. He releases the kid who sneaks away, alerting the other
text: children who start making their escapes into side tunnels.
text: Now Indy motions to Short Rounds and Willie to follow. As they
text: start to move out they freeze dead in their tracks and Indy
text: motions again angrily --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Come on!
text: Willie and Short Round see a guard coming up the steps on the
text: other side of the platform. As the man rises he gets taller and
text: taller -- until they see it's a Thuggee giant coming up behind
dialog: Indiana.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: Come one, what's wrong?
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Behind you!
text: Indiana turns and looks into the bare chest of the seven-foot
text: tall guard. Indy has to look up to see the man's mean-looking
text: face.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: I see the problem...
text: Indiana suddenly punches the giant in the stomach -- the giant
text: does not flinch, he just belches rudely.
text: Indiana growls and winds up to take a killer swing -- he steps
text: back, cocks his arm -- and suddenly turns and runs away.
text: No dummy, Indy dashes over and picks up a piece of wood. The
text: giant starts toward him. Indy drops the wood and looks around
text: for a much larger piece of wood.
text: As the giant stalks toward him, Indiana raises the large piece of
text: lumber -- Indy suddenly groans, drops the wood and clutches his
text: stomach. Willie and Short Round looks startled --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What happened?
text: Short Round shakes his head. They see Indy recover from the
text: spasm as the giant rushes him. Indy jumps aside, landing on a
text: loaded mine car that is passing by.
text: The car is being dragged up the dump ramp and the giant jumps out
text: onto it after Indiana. Indy quickly grabs a rock and, as the
text: giant rushes him, Indy smashes the rock against the big man's
dialog: skull!
text: Unfortunately, it's the rock that shatters and not the skull.
text: Indy dives to the other end of the mine car and lifts a large
dialog: boulder.
text: Suddenly Indy drops the boulder and grabs him arm, feeling a
text: shooting pain again. Then he yells as he feels yet another stab-
text: bing pain in his left leg.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What's wrong with him?
text: Shorty is convused and worried -- and then he sees something! He
text: looks up and there on a rock-cut balcony over the cavern is the
dialog: little Maharajah!
text: The little prince clutches the clay krtya doll that represents
text: Indy. He jabs it in the leg with a long sapphire-tipped turban
dialog: pin.
text: On the mine car, Indy yells and grabs his right leg, which
text: collapses beneath him. Short Round takes off. He dashes under
text: the platform toward a bucket-chain carrying spent water back up
text: to the cistern.
text: Short Round leaps over the pool of water and grabs onto a bucket.
text: He rises up on this make-shift elevator toward the rock balcony
text: and the malicious little Maharajah.
text: Meanwhile, Indy is on the brink of unconsciousness as the giant's
text: massive hands throttle his neck. Indy's head hangs over the end
text: of the mine car and suddenly his eyes widen --
text: The car with Indy and the giant reaches the peak of the dump ramp
text: and its upended -- spilling both of them and a shower of rocks
dialog: down the conveyor belt!
text: Down below, Willie dodges wooden pillars and weaves around
text: quarry equipment, trying to follow Indy's battle with the giant.
text: She trips and swears angrily --
text: Willie pushes and empty mine car out of her way -- an empty mine
text: car! She runs back and starts shoving the mine car along the
text: rails toward the conveyor belt.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I got one! Indy, I got one!
text: Near the waterfall, Short Round ascends on the rising bucket
text: chain. Up on the balcony, the little Maharajah chuckles evilly as
text: he watches Indiana on the conveyor belt --
text: The Maharajah lifts the clay doll and viciously jabs the pin in
dialog: the back of it!
text: On te conveyor, Indiana gets to his feet and then yells as a
text: stabbing pain lacerates his back! He falls and writhed helpless-
text: ly as the giant staggers up the rocky conveyor belt toward him.
text: Willie shoves the mine car forward. She sees Indy's desperate
text: situation as he's pulled along the conveyor toward the rock
dialog: crusher!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Indy, look out!
text: She looks up and sees Short Round leap from the bucket-chain onto
text: the balcony. The little Maharajah's eyes glow fiendishly as he
text: lifts the clay doll -- and jabs the pin into the doll's face.
text: On the conveyor belt, Indy yells agonizingly and clutches his
text: stabbed face! Behind him, rocks explode as they're crushed and
text: pulverized by the mammoth roller.
text: In front of Indy, the Thuggee giant grabs a pick-axe as the con-
text: veyor slides past a tool bin. The giant approaches Indy with it.
text: Short Round dashes across the balcny and tackles the Maharajah.
text: They fall and fight like mortal enemies. Short Round sees the
text: little Maharajah's eyes glowing as he punches him in the face.
text: Only a few feet away from the rock-smashing roller, Indy is still
text: on his back on the conveyor belt, thrashing in pain, feeling the
text: Maharajah's pin piercing his face. The giant raises the pick-axe
text: above his head and it about to split Indiana in two!
text: On the balcony, the Maharajah drops the doll and Short Round
text: dives for it -- he grabs the clay doll and pulls out the pin!
text: On the conveyor belt, Indiana is suddenly released from the
text: and looks up to see the giant swinging the pick-axe. Indy rolls
dialog: aside at the last minute!
text: The pick-axe cleaves into the conveyor belt and the giant lurches
text: forward -- Indy gives him a helpful kick, sending the giant
text: flying toward the rock-crusher as Indy jumps off the conveyor
dialog: belt!
text: Seeing the huge roller looming in front of him, the giant crawls
text: desperately against the movement of the conveyor belt -- but he
dialog: gets snagged!
text: The sash around his waist gets caught under the rolling cursher
text: and he's dragged back under it feet first. The Thuggee giant
text: screams hideously as his body is rolled over and squashed by the
dialog: enormous stone wheel!
text: On the balcony, Short Round is jabbing the pin into the squirming
text: little Maharajah. The little pricne's eyes still glow yellow as
text: he hollers --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: How you like bing pin cushion,
dialog: Mr. Rajah-ha-ha?
text: The little prince rolls on the ground and tries to fight off
text: Short Round who keeps jabbing him -- suddenly the Maharajah
text: swings and the pin is accidentally rammed clear through his hand!
text: Shorty sees the pin sticking through both sides of the kid's
text: hand. The Maharajah stares at his pierced hand, gasping in
dialog: astonishment.
text: Short Round notices the yellow glow dying out of the Maharajah's
text: eyes -- just as Indy's eyes cleared after he was released from
text: Kali's trance.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH
dialog: Please -- pull it out!
text: Short Round yanks the pin out of the little prince's hand. The
text: Maharajah looks like he's jsut awakened from a bag dream.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: It was the black sleep of Kali...
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH
dialog: They made me do evil things...
dialog: may lord Krishna forgive me.
text: Meanwhile, Indy runs along the catwalk above the conveyor belt.
text: He jumps and grabs onto a cross-bard -- he kicks out with his feet
text: and knocks a quarry guard off the catwalk.
text: The guard flies through the air and topples into the sand pit
text: where he thrashes around blindly under the sand falling from the
dialog: crusher.
text: Across the cavern, Willie shoves the rolling mine car toward the
dialog: balcony.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Get down here, Shorty! I got us
dialog: a ride!
text: Willie shirls as another quarry guard rushes toward her. She
text: yanks the iron brake-handle off the mine car and holds it threat-
text: eningly like a baseball bat --
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: Come on, let's see hoe hand your
dialog: head is!
text: Up on the rock balcony, Short Round lowers himself over the edge.
text: The little Maharajah grabs his arm --
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH
dialog: Please -- listen -- to go out
dialog: you must take the left tunnel.
text: Shorty looks at him and he knows he's telling the truth.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Thanks pal.
speaker_heading: MAHARAJAH
dialog: I'm going to try to find the
dialog: English soldiers.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Good luck.
text: Short Round slips over the edge and slides down a wet stalactite
text: to the floor of the cavern.
text: There he finds Willie swinging the brake-handle and smashing the
text: guard in the gut. The man doubles in pain -- Willie kicks his
text: putt and he splashes into the pool of water.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I don't appreciate being cooked
dialog: like a french fry!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Willie, come on!
text: Willie starts pushing the empty mine car with Short Round.
speaker_heading: SHORT ROUND (Cont'd)
dialog: You do pretty good for a girl!
text: Across the quarry, Mola Ram and six temple guards run out onto a
text: high platform next to the waterfall. Mola Ram sees Willie and
text: Short Round pushing the mine cat.
text: Mola Ram shouts to his men -- two of them pull pistols and open
dialog: fire!
text: Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Short Round shoves Willie
text: to the far side of the car where they both take cover.
text: Meanwhile, up on a catwalk, a guard slices a sword through the
text: air and Indiana ducks! The sword slashes into a wooden railing
text: and the guard tries frantically to pull it out --
text: Indiana slams kis knee up into the guard's stomach and then
text: smashes his fist down on his neck -- the man collapses. Indy
text: hears more gunfire.
text: Indiana rushes along the catwalk toward the platform above. He
text: edges against the wall below the platform, staying out of sight
text: as he unfurls his whip.
text: One of Mola Ram's guards fires again from the high platform and
text: Indiana lashes the whip -- the whip wraps around the gunman's
text: arm and Indy yanks on it --
text: The gunman topples through the air and crashes down onto the cat-
text: walk. Indy grabs the gun. He kicks the guard off the catwalk
text: and the man falls into the waterfall pool.
text: As the other guards fire down at him, Indiana dodges along the
text: catwalk and fires back at them. A bullet explodes near Mola Ram
text: and he ducks back --
text: Meanwhile, Short Round and Willie have the mine car rolling and
dialog: they jump into it --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy! Hurry!
text: Indiana spots the rolling mine car racing across the quarry. Indy
text: takes off and runs along the catwalk -- bullets explode around
text: him, splintering wood. Indy reaches the end of the catwalk --
text: Suddenly he dives into the air and catches hold of a block and
text: tacke! Indy skids along the pulley system, sliding down a cable
text: toward the mine car in which Short Round and Willie are riding.
text: Bullets whiz past as Indiana sails in the air above the speeding
text: mine car - when they are in sync, Indy lets go and drops into the
text: mine car next to Willie and Short Round!
text: Mola Ram rushes forward and watches the speeding mine car rolling
text: down the track toward the tunnels --
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: They've stolen the Sankara
dialog: Stones -- they must be stopped!
text: In the speeding mine car, Indy sees the tracks separating in two
text: directions -- one back into the quarry, the other toward two tun-
text: nels that lead out of the mines.
text: Indiana lifts a shovel from the floor of the car and swings it
text: just in time -- he hits a switch which CLANGS as they speed by
text: and the car is shunted tipsy-turvy onto the track toward the two
dialog: tunnels.
text: Willie hangs on as the car tears down the track toward the tunnel
text: on the right -- and Short Round looks worried --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: No, Indy, it's left tunnel.
text: But it's too late and they all hold on as the mine car shoots
text: donw into the darkness of the echoing tunnel.
scene_heading: 157. INT. THE TUNNEL 157.
text: The wind rushes past Indiana as the car descends into the tunnel
text: and picks up speed. Willie hangs on with Short Round -- the mine
text: car roars around a curve and flies fater along the rails.
scene_heading: 158. INT. THE QUARRY 158.
text: Back in the quarry, Mola Ram supervises the guards as they shove
text: empty cars toward the tunnel. Carrying long Khyber rifles, they
text: jump aboard the cars. The first one rolls into the dark tunnel
text: and the second car speeds after it.
scene_heading: 159. INT. THE TUNNEL ENTRANCE 159.
text: The two Thuggee cars shoot past, descending into the darkness in
text: pursuit of the infidels who stole the Sankara Stones.
scene_heading: 160. INT. THE TUNNEL 160.
text: The mine car hurtles past. Indy sits in front, pulling back on
text: the brake-lever to control their speed and keep them from careen-
text: ing off the tracks.
text: Expecting trouble, Short Round peers over the back end of the
text: car. Willie ducks low, watching the heavy beams flashing danger-
text: ously close above their heads.
text: Then Willie's eyes go wide and she groans in terror like a girl
text: on a roller coaster as the mine car suddenly plunges downward,
text: taking their stomachs with it.
text: A gunshot rings out and Short Round sees the first Thuggee car
text: appear around a curve behind them. Mola Ram's gunmen start
text: blasting. Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Indy yells back
dialog: to Short Round.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Come here and take the brake!
text: Short ROund scurries forward and grabs the brake from Indy.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: Slow on the curves or we'll fly
dialog: off the tracks!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Read you loud and clear, Indy!
text: Short Round grins as he holds the brake -- Willie realized that
dialog: this is Shorty's idea of a good time!
scene_heading: 161. INT. THE CAVERN 161.
text: Up in the quarry, gunmen push a third car toward the tunnel, but
text: Mola Ram stops them. He shouts and they turn and look instead
text: toward the waterfall and huge cistern....
scene_heading: 162. INT. THE TUNNEL 162.
text: Indiana is crouched in the back of the zooming mine bar blasting
text: away with the pistol he captured in the quarry.
text: A gunman in the car behind returns his fire, the explosions
text: lighting up the tunnle walls.
text: Indy aims and fires again -- the gunman is hit and knocked back
text: in the car. Another guard with a Khyber rifle moves up to the
text: front and starts firing.
text: Meanwhile, as the car goes into a hard turn, Short Round rides
text: the brake -- beneath the car we see the brake-pad scraping on the
text: metal wheel.
text: The tunnel gets lower and Indy has to duck under each beam flying
text: over and can only pop up to fire between the low beams.
text: The rifleman in the car behind is relading. Then he lifts his
text: rifle -- Indy pops up simultaneously and shoots!
text: The gunman is hit, his rifle flies up and his head smashes
text: against the beam hurtling above! Screaming horribly, the gunman
text: is knocked from the speeding car like a broken doll.
scene_heading: 163. INT. THE CAVERN 163.
text: Up in the quarry, Mola Ram's men swing sledge hammers, bashing
text: away at the rock supports under the huge water-filled cistern.
scene_heading: 164. INT. THE TUNNEL 164.
text: Indiana runs out of bullets. He sees the car behind getting
text: closer. He tosses the pistol and hits a Thuggee in the head.
text: Another Thuggee retrieves Indy's pistol and starts reloading it.
text: Suddenly Indy is being shot at by his own gun and he yells to
dialog: Short Round
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Let up on the brake!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: What?!
text: Indy shoves past Willie and takes the brake level from Shorty.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Let her go! Our only chance is
dialog: outrunning them!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What above the curves?!
text: Short Round looks scared as Indy released the brake and the car
text: hurtles toward a curve. They grab the sides of the car as it tips
text: precariously. Behind them, the curve throws the gunmen from side
text: to side in the car following.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy, look out!
text: A sharper curve looms ahead and Indy shoves the brake completely
dialog: off!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What're you doing?! We're going
dialog: too fast!!
text: Willie closes her eyes as they rocket toward the curve. In the
text: car behind, the Thugge guard at the brake also shoves the brake
text: off -- and looks extremely worried.
text: Indy's car hits the curve and the centrifugal force lifts the in-
dialog: side wheels off the rails!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Get over on the other side!
text: Willie and Short Round jumps over to his side as the car whips
text: around the curve! Indy looks back and sees the car pursuing them
text: is also taking the curve at full speed --
text: Suddenly the Thuggee car swereves dangerously, the weight shifts
text: too much to the outside -- and the car derails!
text: The car bounces off the tracks and flies through the air into a
text: siding where is CRASHES against a stone wall in an EXPLOSION of
dialog: rock and metal!
text: Pieces of debris pommel the drive of the second Thuggee car and
text: he quickly grabs for the brake to slow down and avoid the same
dialog: fate!
text: In the lead car, Indy smiles smugly as Willie opens her eyes.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: One down, one to go!
scene_heading: 165. INT. THE CAVERN ABOVE 165.
text: Mola Ram's guards continue to bash away with sledge hammers at
text: the rock supports under the mammoth cistern. One of the supports
text: starts to crumble --
text: From above, we see the cistern list to one side and water laps
text: dangerously over the edge as the huge tank creaks and sawsy.
scene_heading: 166. INT. THE TUNNEL 166.
text: Indiana and Short Round heft a railroad tie out of th bottom of
text: the car and Willie watches them lift it onto the back --
text: As gunfire continues to explode from the car behind them, Indiana
text: and Short ROund shove the railroad tie off the back of the car --
text: The wooden railroad tie falls and bounces back across the tracks.
text: The gunmen in the car behind spit it and yell in panic --
text: Indy and Willie watch the car behind crash into the railroad tie
text: -- but the tie just skids, catches and bounces up and out of the
dialog: way like a huge tumbling matchstick!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Anymore ideas...?
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Yeah -- this time you're gonna
dialog: help!
scene_heading: 167. INT. THE CAVERN 167.
text: The sledgehammers continue -- until two of the rock supports give
text: way! There are shouts as the guards run for cover.
text: Mola Ram stands on a platform watching the huge cistern slowly
text: keel over -- the noise is incredible as the colossal tank crashes
dialog: to the ground!
text: Suddenly a half-million gallons of water explode across the cav-
text: cern and surge in a tidal wave toward the tunnels!
scene_heading: 168. INT. THE TUNNEL 168.
text: The walls of the tunnel flash past and curves appear suddenly out
text: of the darkness as the hair-raising chase continues --
text: Short Round and Willie struggle to help Indy lift a large boulder
text: from the bottom of the speeding mine car.
text: The cars descend again into a stretch of much lower tunnel where
text: the beams flash past inches above them. Indy judges the beams --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Okay -- one -- two -- NOW!
text: All three of them groan as they raise the boulder and shove it
text: off the back of the car -- ducking instantly to avoid being de-
dialog: capitated by the next beam!
text: Looking back, they see the gunmen pop up between the beams -- and
text: they see the looks of terror on the gunmen's faces as they see
dialog: the boulder in front of them!
text: The Thuggee car hits the boulder and upends! The guards scream
text: horribly as the car tumbles end over end, slamming against the
text: tunnel walls, getting ripped to shreds so that finally only
text: pieces of metal, wheels and debris fly like a meteorite shower
dialog: down the tunnel!
text: Willie whoops for joy and hugs Indy who smiles modestly --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Okay, Shorty, hit the brakes!
text: Short Round dives for the front of the car and ahppily pulls the
text: brake lever -- it doesn't work! Short Round yanks on it harder
text: -- the brake level suddenly breaks off!
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Indy!!
text: Indy sees Short Round holding up the broken brake lever! Indy
text: crawls quickly toward Shorty while Willie holds on for dear life!
text: Completely out of control, the car hurtles down a decline into a
dialog: section where the tunnel if larger again --
text: Indiana bends over the front of the car and looks underneath. He
text: sees the brake tension hanging loose from the brake-pad. Indiana
text: pulls himself back up and looks at Willie and Short Round.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Grab onto me -- I'm going to try
dialog: and slow us down from underneath!
text: Willie looks terrified but helps Short Round grab onto Indy's arm
text: and the back of his jacket. He skips over the front of the car
text: and swings a leg underneath --
text: Indy is inches above the rails and the rocky ground blurring be-
text: neath the car as he tries to kick at the brake-pad. His feet
text: fall and he bumps along, dragged dangerously for a moment --
text: Indy manages to find a foothold on the undercarriage of the car.
text: As they hold onto him, Indy kicks again and his foot hits the
text: brake-pad. He shoves it and slowly the pad closes against the
dialog: spinning wheel...
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh no!
text: Willie and Short Round look up and see that the tunnel is ending
text: ahead and the track dead-ends into a stone wall!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: What's wrong?
text: He looks around -- and sees the car rocketing directly toward the
dialog: stone wall!
text: Indy's foot starts kicking in high-gear underneath the car -- he
text: slams at the brake-pad with all his strength -- the pad screeches
text: against the spinning wheeel and starts sparking!
text: The car seems to slow as it shoots toward the end of the tunnel.
text: Indy groans and pushes hard against the smoking brake-pad.
text: The car slows more and more until it runs down the last few yards
text: to the dead-end and rolls gently to a stop, just nudgeing Indy's
text: back against the wall....
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Ouch...
text: Willie looks faint as Indiana gets to his feet and Shorty jumps
text: out of the car. They help Willie out and she stands shakily --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I'm okay -- I'm fine -- I love to
text: flirt with death...
text: Indiana sees that the tunnel ahead continues without any more
text: tracks. Then they hear something --
text: A strange rumbling sound echoing down the tunnel from behind
text: them. The walls seem to reverberate. Looking worried, they
text: start walking away down the tunnel.
text: They walk faster as the noise behind them becomes louder and they
text: keep glancing over their shoulders --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: What's that?...Indy?!
text: Indiana isn't sure and he pulls Willie by the arm and all three of
text: them start jogging.
text: The rumbling behind them sounds increasingly ominous and finally
text: they start running full tilt. They rush down the tunnel and the
text: awful noise becomes defening! Willie looks around again and
text: slows suddenly --
text: Willie stops dead in her tracks -- paralyzed -- awestruck --
speaker_heading: DOOMED!
text: Willie sees a monster wall of water (released from the quarry) as
text: it thunders around a curver -- a mammoth tidal wave crashing spec-
text: tacularly against the opposite tunnel wall!
text: A veritable "tsunami" caroming off the tunnel wall and spewing
text: furiously forward like a hydrous Juggernaut!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: (frozen in
dialog: her tracks)
dialog: Oh... shit...
text: Indiana and Short Round notice that Willie's sloed and they stop
text: running -- they also see the cataclysm of water crashing down the
text: tunnel toward them.
text: Indy runs back and grabs Willie. All three of them take off,
dialog: running faster than they've ever run in their lives!
text: The tidal wave smashes forward, booming behind them and Indiana
text: realizes quickly that they're going to lose this race. Suddenly
text: he sees a small side-tunnel in a bend ahead --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: There! Dive!
text: They lunge toward the hole and Short Round dives in it first.
text: Indiana shoves Willie into the hole and jumps in after her just
text: as the colossal tidal wave explodes past!
scene_heading: 169. INT. THE CHUTE 169.
text: The small tunnel drops precipitously and they slide down, shower-
text: ed by the small side-current of water that's broken off from the
dialog: main force.
scene_heading: 170. INT. A LARGE TUNNEL 170.
text: They rolls and tumble out of the small chute into a larger tunnel.
text: The roar of the tidal wave sounds distant and receding as they
dialog: catch their breath.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Lucky I found a short cut. Look,
text: there's a light at the end of the
dialog: tunnel...
text: Suddenly an EXPLOSION! They turn and see the thundering tidal
text: wave crashing around a curve and cascading down the tunnel behind
dialog: them again!
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Some short cut!
text: They all holler in unison and start running like bats out of hell
text: toward the daylight. The towering wall of water surges relent-
dialog: lessley after them --
text: The tidal wave looms up to annihilate them as they race to the
text: mouth of the tunnel -- and Willie SCREAMS! Indy grabs her and
text: all three of the flail their arms to keep from losing their bal-
dialog: ance!
scene_heading: 171. EXT. THE TUNNEL EXIT - DAY 171.
text: The tunnel exits midway up a cliff and the three totter precari-
text: ously on the brink looking down at a 300 foot sheer drop to
dialog: a gorge below!
text: Indiana swings Willie onto a narrow ledge on one side and pushes
text: Short Round after her -- he jumps himself to the other side just
text: as the tidal wave crashes past them!
text: The water bursts out of the tunnel -- the gusher spews forth from
text: the cliffside into the air as if Hoover Dam just broke lose!
text: Short Round and Willie balance on the narrow ledge on one side of
text: the geyser -- Indy is perches on the ledge on the other side of
text: the incredible eruption of water.
text: Willie gets vertigo looking down into the gorge where the water
text: crashes at the bottom. There crocodiles are disturbed and
text: slither angrily.
text: Indy looks up and sees a rope bridge swinging about twenty feet
text: above Willie and Short Round. Indy shouts across the blasting
dialog: water --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Willie -- the bridge! Climb up
dialog: to the bridge!
text: Willie looks frightened.
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Nothing to it -- follow me!
text: He edges along the narrow ledge toward the bridge and Willie
text: follows him. Once under the bridge, they start climbing up the
dialog: rocks to it.
text: Meanwhile, Indiana is scaling the cliff face to get over the
text: water geyser to the other side. He grabs at scrub brush and
text: finds a few perilous footholds as he makes his way to the bridge.
scene_heading: 172. EXT. THE ROPE BRIDGE 172.
text: Willie and Short Round pull themselves up at the end of the
text: bridge. Behind them a dark tunnel runs back into the mines.
text: What's in front of them is hardly more reassuring --
text: The rope bridge across the gorge is a century old and defintely
text: wasn't built by army engineers. Laying across the two bottom
text: rope-spans, worm-eaten and moldy boards offer risky footings.
text: Vertical side ropes connect the bottom rope-spans to the two up-
text: per ropes that constitute the dangerous hand-railings.
text: Short Round steps tentatively out onto the bridge. It holds him
text: and he turns and smiles at Willie --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Easy like pie! Kid's stuff!
text: Suddenly the board under him breaks! Willie grabs Short Round
text: before he falls into the abyss! Looking pale and less cocky,
text: Short Round starts out again and Willie follows his carefully.
text: They continue stepping across the bridge cautiously, a feat made
text: more difficult by the bridge's constant swaying and the hear-
text: stopping up and down movement.
text: Behind them, Indy finally pulls himself up from under the bridge.
text: He stands up and sees Willie and Short Round halfway across
text: already. Then he hears something and turns quickly -- he takes
text: his whip out and ducks to the side of the tunnel as two Thuggee
text: guards rush out.
text: Indy cracks the whip, catching the first guard around the neck --
text: the guard spills forward and trips the second guard. The first
text: man tries to stand but Indiana kicks him in the head.
text: The second guard gets to his feet and seings his sword -- Indy
text: ducks, slams him in the stomach and dives for the first guard's
text: sword. He grabs it and rolls aside quickly as the second gaurd
text: attempts to slice him in two!
text: Indy gets to his feet and immediately finds himself about to en-
text: gage in a sword duel with the enraged Thuggee guard. Indy looks
text: at the unfamiliar sword, hefts it, and tries to quickly decide
dialog: the best way to use it --
text: Suddenly the guard shouts and charges. Indy decides shouting
text: must be the "de rigueur" technique and shouts back loudly -- the
text: two swords CLANG and spark as the duel erupts.
text: Indy flails and feints and the Thuggee guard lunges and slashes.
text: Indy finally gains the upper hand and dispatches the Thuggee
text: guard who slumps defeated into the dirt.
text: Keeping the sword, Indy starts out onto the bridge, walking as
text: quickly as possible across the rickety span. He hears shouting
text: ahead and looks worried then temple guards appear at the far end
text: of the bridge.
text: The guards suprise Willie and Shorty as they finally get across
text: the bridge. Struggling futilely with the guards, Willie shouts
dialog: at Indiana --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Indy -- looks out behind you!
text: Indy sees more Thuggee guards rushing out of the tunnel behind
text: him. He turns and sees two of the tmeple guards who captured
text: Willie and Short Round coming across the bridge in front of him.
text: Indy stands helpless in the middle of the swaying bridge with
text: guards approaching from both sides, and nothing but heaven above
text: and the rocky gorge hundreds of feet below!
text: A wind comes up and the High Priest, Mola Ram, appears on the far
text: end of the bridge. He stands with the guards who hold Willie and
dialog: Short Round.
text: The wind whips around Indy and he staggers unsteadily on the
text: swaying bridge as he watches Mola Ram --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Let my friends go!
text: Mola Ram shouts in Hindi and the guards start to move toward Indy
text: from both sides of the bridge.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: That's far enough!
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: You are in no position to give
dialog: orders, Dr. Jones.
text: Indiana indicates the bag over his shoulder --
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You want the stones, let them go
dialog: and call off your guards!
text: Mola Ram motions and the guards move farther out on both sides of
text: the bridge -- suddenly Indiana swings the sword and it cuts into
dialog: one of the bottom rope-spans!
text: The rope is half-severed and frays slowly under the tension!
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: Impressive, Dr. Jones. But I
dialog: don't believe you would kill
dialog: yourself!
text: Mola Ram motions again the his guards (looking more nervous now)
text: step farther out onto the bridge, mvoing closer to Indy from both
dialog: sides.
text: Indy swings the sword again, cutting into the other rope-span!
text: It, too, is now partially severed and frays slowly. The bridge
text: jolts and Indy and the guards sway precariously!
text: Suddenly Mola Ram shoves Short Round out onto the bridge. The
text: High Priest draws a dagger and pushes Willie onto the swaying
text: span, holding the knife behind them both.
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM (Cont'd)
dialog: Your friends will die with you!
dialog: In different times this would be called a Mexican stand-off
text: Indiana looks at the guards in front and behind him. He sees
text: Willie and Short Round out on the bridge now with Mola Ram at
dialog: their backs.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Then I guess we're all going to
dialog: take a big dive!
text: Indy and Short Round's eyes meet -- and the kid realizes that his
text: hero isn't kidding. Willie looks at Shout Round anxiously -- she
text: notices that Shorty is surreptitiously wrapping his foot around a
text: rope support.
text: Petrified, Willie also secretly wraps her foot around a rope and
text: does likewise with her arm --
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: Give me the stones!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Mola Ram -- you're about to meet
dialog: Kali -- in Hell!
text: Indiana swings the sword with all his might -- it whooshes
text: through the air and slashes clear through the top and bottom
dialog: ropes --!
text: Immediately Mola Ram's guards start to flee in panic -- too late!
text: Indiana swings the sword again and the two ropes on the other
dialog: side are severed --
text: The rope bridge is sheared in two! It breaks in the middle and
text: both halves fall apart! The guards scream horribly in the air as
text: they plunge down into the rocky gorge!
text: Willie and Short Round cling to their established footholds and
text: fall with the bridge toward the wall of the gorge. Mola Ram
text: spills forward, clutching desperately at the ropes and slats --
text: Below them, Indiana has latched onto a rope and swings with the
text: bridge as it hits the gorge wall and hangs vertically now, dang-
text: ling from its moorings at the top.
text: There's an instant of suspended animation as all who remain alive
text: realize they are alive. Short Round and Willie cling near the
text: top of the now vertical bridge.
text: Below them, Mola Ram clutches onto one of the main ropes while
text: directly above him the last of his guards holds on for dear life.
text: Short Round and Willie struggle upwards, clutching ropes and
text: stepping on slats. Finally, Short Round heaves himself up onto
text: solid ground and turns to help Willie up.
text: Meanwhile, dangling below on the bridge, Indy reaches up and
text: grabs Mola Ram's leg. The High Priest kicks and tries to break
text: Indy's grip. He kicks again and smashes Indy in the face.
text: Indy won't let go. Suddenly the High Priest reaches up and grabs
text: his own Thuggee guard and yanks his down by the front of his
dialog: shirt --
text: Mola Ram shoves the luckless guard down onto Indy, trying to
text: dislodge him by sacrificing the screaming Thuggee. Indy manages
text: to hang on. The Thuggee is less fortunate and falls screaming to
dialog: his death.
text: Then Mola Ram looks across the gorge and yells. Indy sees a dozen
text: of the last Thuggee guards streaming out of the tunnel -- only
text: to be stranded on the far side of the now bridgeless gorge.
text: Indy starts climbing up after Mola Ram again. He grabs at the
text: back of Mola Ram's robe and pull him down. Slipping, Mola Ram
text: turns and it's Indy's chance to punch Mola Ram in the face.
text: Mola Ram's eyes are glowing yellow and he's shouting incoherent-
text: ly. He grabs the strap of Indy's shoulder bag and stamps on In-
dialog: dy's hand -- Indy falls!
text: Indiana slips downward, scrambling to catch hols of something --
text: meanwhile, Mola Ram now has the bag with the Sankara Stones.
text: Indy finally stops his downward slide and dangles dangerously
text: near the bottom of the bridge.
text: Across the gorge, the Thuggee guards run up a path to a small
text: gove of trees growing on a plateau above the gorge. The guards
dialog: have bows and arrows and take firing positions --
text: At the top of the bridge, Mola Ram keeps climbing until rocks
text: start poundinghim from above -- Willie and Short Round pely him
text: with rocks which he tries to block with his arm.
text: Indiana starts to climb again, using all his strength. He
text: reaches for a wooden slat -- suddenly a flaming arrow smashes
dialog: into the wood!
text: Indy turns in amazement and sees more flaming arrows rocketing
text: across the chasm directy for him!
text: Across the gorge, by the grove of trees, a Thuggee priest yells
text: orders to the archers who continue to launch the flaming arrows.
text: Indiana crawls up as the bridge starts to burn from the continu-
text: ing bursts of fiery arrows. At the top, Mola Ram reaches up des-
text: perately for a hand old -- Willie smashes his hand with a rock!
text: The High Priest yells in pain and slips down to where Indy slugs
text: him again in the face! They struggle as the fire burns up from
text: beneath them.
text: On the cliff above the fallen bridge, Willie watches the fire
text: rising toward Indy and Mola Ram as they fight. Short Round turns
dialog: and sees something --
scene_heading: SHORT ROUND
dialog: Willie, look!
text: They see horses galloping through a narrow pass -- the British
text: cavalry is returning. Captain Blumburtt and the first troops draw
text: up their forses and dismount quickly.
text: A fussilade of flaming arrows force the British to take cover --
text: they quickly start firing back at the Thuggees with rifles.
text: As the battle above the gorge continues, Indy and Mola Ram fight
text: below on the dangling bridge --
text: Indiana sees the High Priest's eyes begin glowing and he hisses
text: insanely. Mola Ram's hand thrusts out toward Indiana's chest and
text: Indy yells in pain --
text: Indy looks down and writhes terrified as he sees Mola Ram's hand
text: starting to enter his chest (as it entered the victim's chest
dialog: during the temple sacrifice)!
text: Mola Ram's finger are inching into Indy's body -- Indy clutches
text: at Mola Ram's piercing hand, trying to keep the deadly fingers
text: away from his heart.
text: Slowly, Indy is able to push Mola Ram's hand away and his fingers
text: withdraw from Indy's chest. Indiana suddenly slugs the High
text: Priest in the face and grabs for the bag of Sankara Stones --
speaker_heading: MOLA RAM
dialog: No, the stones are mine!
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: You're betrayed Shiva. *(He re-
text: peats in Sanskrit Sankara's warn-
dialog: ing)
text: As Indy pronounces the magical words, the bag begins glowing and
text: starts to burn Mola Ram as he clutches it -- the stones begin to
text: spill out of the bag and the High Priest grabs from them.
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: *(He repeats Sankara's warning
dialog: in Sanskrit)
text: The blazing stones sear Mola Ram's flesh and he screams in pain.
text: The light suddenly dies in his eyes and for one instant he looks
text: at Indy as if awakened from a nightmare --
text: Mola Ram loses his balance and Indy grabs for the stones. He
text: manages to clutch only one of them as Mola Ram screams and falls!
text: Indy sees the stone in his hand suddenly cool. He watches Mola
text: Ram plummeting downward into the chasm and finally crashing into
text: the jagged rocks at the bottom.
text: The irritated crocodiles are disturbed once more -- but soon wel-
text: come the meal that just dropped in. Jaws flash and teeth rip at
text: the High Priest's likeless corpse.
text: And Indy's bag with the Sankara Stones sinks into the murkly cur-
text: rent and disappears down the river ...
scene_heading: 173. EXT. THE CLIFF 173.
text: Indiana crawls up the burning bridge and Willie and Short Round
text: reach for him at the top. They pull him up onto the cliff and
text: they all look around exhausted --
text: Across the gorge, more British troops emerge from the mine tun-
text: nels to subdue the remaining Thuggee guards on that side.
text: Finally the little Maharajah comes out of the dark mine tunnel.
text: He sees Short Round across the gorge -- and bows to thank him for
text: his help. On the other side, Short Round waves his cap, saluting
text: him back.
text: Willie stands at the edge of the gorge looking down into the riv-
dialog: er far below.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: I guess Mola Ram got what he
dialog: wanted.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Not quite.
text: She sees Indy reach into his pocket. He pulls something out
text: slowly -- as she watches he reveals a crystal stone --
speaker_heading: INDIANA (Cont'd)
dialog: The last Sankara Stone.
text: Short Round watches Willie take it carefully from Indiana. She
text: gazes at it and looks delighted --
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: And the diamond hidden inside...
text: Willie holds the stone up to the sun and it sparkles and flashes
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 174. EXT. THE MAYAPORE HILLS - DAY 174.
text: The sun flares and silhouettes three figures coming over a
text: hilltop. Behinf them we see more smaller silhouettes appearing
text: over the rise.
text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round walk back down the dirt road into
text: Mayapore -- followed by a multitude of children returning to
dialog: their homeland.
text: Willie looks at the changed landscape and seems astonished: the
text: barren countryside has been reborn. They see streams flowing
text: beneath green trees, flowers blooming and peasants harvesting
text: golden grain in the fields.
scene_heading: 175. EXT. MAYAPORE VILLAGE 175.
text: Indiana, Willie and Short Round lead the children down the
text: village road. Ahead they see villagers rebuilding their primi-
dialog: tive dwellings.
text: Now they hear shouts of joy from the peasants. The children
text: returning home start running to meet their parents who are rush-
text: ing out to greet them.
text: There is laughter and tears as families are reunited. Indiana
text: sees the old shaman approaching with the chieftain and the
dialog: village elders.
text: The shaman touches his fingers to his forehead and bows. The
text: three travelers return his greeting and the shaman is quite moved
text: as he speaks to Indiana --
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: We know you are coming back --
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: countryside)
dialog: -- when life returns to our village.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: It's a real miracle.
speaker_heading: SHAMAN
dialog: Now you see the magic of the
dialog: "rock" you bring back.
text: The old shaman smiles wisely at Indiana. Indy takes the stone
text: out of his bag and unwraps it.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: Yes, I've seen its power
text: Willie watches the shaman take it reverently and bow to them.
text: The shaman joins the elders and they walk to the village's small
text: sacred mound. Indy and Willie stay back. They see him kneel and
text: replace the stone in its niche.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: The last Sankara Stone.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: And they don't even know what
dialog: it really is.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
dialog: (smiling at her)
dialog: Well, you didn't get your prince,
dialog: and there goes your diamond.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: You didn't do so well yourself.
dialog: Finding that stone could've got-
dialog: ten you all the fortune and
dialog: glory you were talking about.
speaker_heading: INDIANA
text: It's still a long way to Delhi.
dialog: Who knows what might happen.
text: She looks at him like he's crazy.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Oh no, I'm finding a native guide
dialog: who knows the way. No more de-
dialog: tours for me, thank you Dr. Jones.
text: She turns and starts walking away continuing to complain --
speaker_heading: WILLIE (Cont'd)
dialog: If you think I'm going to Delhi
dialog: or anyplace else with you, after
dialog: all the trouble you've gotten me
dialog: into...
text: Suddenly the bullwhip CRACKS and wraps around her waist. Star-
text: tled Willie looks angry as Indiana reels her in, pulling her to-
text: ward him and into his arms. But when he finally kisses her, she
dialog: doesn't seem to mind at all...
text: Short Round shakes his head, but looks sort of pleased. When he
text: turns away, his face lights up!
text: Short Round runs toward the sunset, toward the three elephants
text: being brought back to the village. The baby elephant starts
text: walking faster, as if he recognizes Short Round running out to
dialog: meet him...
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
