speaker_heading: INDIANA JONES
speaker_heading: AND
text: THE KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: David Koepp
dialog: Previous drafts by
dialog: Jeff Nathanson
dialog: Frank Darabont
dialog: George Lucas
dialog: Jeb Stuart
dialog: October 2007
dialog: Final Shooting Script
scene_heading: EXT DESERT DAY
text: The Paramount logo dissolves into a mountain in the desert. But
text: the mountain moves, it starts to crumble, and then --
text: -- a prairie dog pokes its head out of the mountaintop. In the
text: distance, a CAR ENGINE whines, mid-5@s rock ‘n roll BLARES, it
text: gets louder, fast, and the prairie dog bolts for its life.
text: A car tire FLATTENS the pile as a 1932 Chevy Roadster BLASTS past
text: us, TWO TEENAGE BOYS and TWO PONY-TAILED GIRLS inside. The kids
text: LAUGH and the music cranks as they barrel down the road, don’t
dialog: care where they’re going, just want to get there fast.
text: Up ahead, there are four military vehicles, a ‘51 Ford staff car,
text: two jeeps, and a large panel truck. There are THREE U.S.
text: SOLDIERS in the lead car, TWO MORE in each of the jeeps, anda
text: DRIVER for the truck.
text: The hot rod pulls up close behind the convoy, then swerves into
text: the passing lane and guns it, passing the truck and jeeps and
text: pulling up even with the lead car
text: The DRIVER of the lead car hits the gas too, not about to let
dialog: these punks pass him -- drag race!
text: The cars drive flat out, nobody backing off. But then the ARMY
text: COLONEL in the passenger seat of the lead car puts a hand on the
text: Driver’s arm and gestures to a road up ahead -- we go that way.
text: The military vehicles veer to the right, off the main road, and
text: the Guys and Girls in the Chevy WHOOP in triumph as they barrel
text: away down the road in a cloud of dust, the winners in this race.
text: But we follow the Army convoy, rising up behind them to get a look
text: at where they’re headed -- toward a remote military outpost in
text: the distance. Very mysterious. A legend:
speaker_heading: NEVADA, 1957
scene_heading: EXT MILITARY OUTPOST DAY
text: The convoy pulls up to twin guard shacks at the main entrance to
text: the base, which must lie over the rise ahead of us. The gate is
text: identified only by a plain sign hung on the barbed wire:
speaker_heading: HANGAR 51
text: THREE MPS step forward; the SERGEANT signals the cars to stop.
text: The Sergeant walks up to the Sedan and leans in.
speaker_heading: M.P. (SERGEANT)
dialog: Sorry, gentlemen, this whole area’s off
dialog: limits for weapons testing for the next
dialog: twenty-four hours, that includes all on-
dialog: base personnel.
text: The Colonel steps out of the front passenger seat of the third
text: car. He’s huge, must go two-sixty, all muscle. He’s either
text: perpetually sneering or has a lipless smile, hard to tell which.
dialog: A real son-of-a-bitch, good thing he’s on our side.
text: The MPs snap to attention. The Sergeant salutes the Colonel, but
text: remains firm. The Colonel walks up to the Sergeant.
speaker_heading: M.P. (SERGEANT) (cont'd)
dialog: I’m afraid that goes for you too,
dialog: Colonel, sir. The Pentagon sent out
dialog: revised deployment oh-dark-thirty this
dialog: a.m.
text: The Colonel smiles, but doesn’t speak
text: The Colonel gets down on one knee.
text: -- THE SOLDIERS leap out of the panel truck, silencers screwed
text: onto the ends of their automatic weapons, and before we know it
text: they’re BLASTING away at the outmanned and outgunned MPs,
text: dropping them before they get their safeties off.
text: The Colonel finishes tying his shoe, gets up , puts his hat back
text: on and goes back to the car.
text: The soldiers stash the dead bodies in the guard shack.
text: The convoy drives past the checkpoint.
text: SOLDIERS jump from the back of the truck. The invaders snap into
text: action, silently, they’ve trained for this. Two of them slip the
text: helmets and armbands off the MPs and put them on themselves.
text: A CROWBAR SNAPS the lock off the gate and the fence is thrown
text: open. With the fake MPs now standing guard at the gate, the
text: convoy roars through and we rise up to see --
text: -- beyond the rise, where there’s a huge airplane hangar and a
text: smaller, adjoining building. A lone airstrip leads right up to
text: the hangar and a set of train tracks run out of the other
text: building and away across the desert.
scene_heading: EXT HANGAR 51 DAY
text: The convoy CRUNCHES to a stop in front of the giant main doors of
text: the hangar. While two INVADING SOLDIERS set about hot-wiring the
text: circuit box that leads to the door mechanism, the Colonel nods to
text: two Soldiers from the truck
text: and they go to the trunk of the sedan.
text: They pop it open, reach inside --
text: -- and pull out a prisoner, GEORGE MCHALE (”Mac” to his friends),
dialog: fiftyish, sharp eyes and the easy smile of your favorite
text: bartender. He’s had the hell beaten out of him.
text: The Russian Soldiers reach into the trunk . The soldier grabs a
text: fedora hat and throws it to the ground. Both soldiers haul
text: another bag of bones out, SLAMMING him down on his feet next to
dialog: Mac.
text: Indy gets up, grabs his hat off the floor and puts it on.
text: One of the soldiers, #2 gets out of the sedan and starts to give
speaker_heading: orders in RUSSIAN-
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 2
scene_heading: Gde INZENER. OTKPIT VOROTA. BISTRO!
dialog: BISTRO1 BISTRO! (Where’s the engineer?
dialog: Open the gates fast)
text: Another soldier approaches.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 3
dialog: Za mnoy reebiata! BISTRO! Bistro! (Come
dialog: guys, come with me faster,
scene_heading: faster) DAVAYTE REEBIATA (C’MON GUYS”
text: BWISTREY, BWISTREY, BWISTREY! (Let’s go,
scene_heading: let’s go, let’s go) K KAROBKYE (GET TO
dialog: THE CIRCUIT BOX!)
text: He moves to the hangar door.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Russians.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
speaker_heading: + HH HH *
dialog: *
dialog: 3A.
text: Mac squints, sizes up the heavily-armed Russians. He MUTTERS to
text: Indy, with a British accent.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: This ain’t gonna be easy.
text: A soldier pushes Mac next to Indy.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Not as easy as it used to be.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We’ve been through worse.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Oh yeah? When?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Flensburg. There were twice as many.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: We were younger.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I still am young.
text: Indy manages a smile--he likes this guy. He looks sideways, at
text: one of the Russian soldiers, who has a bettered bullwhip hanging
text: over the shoulder. Indy’s whip.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (back to Mac) We had guns.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Details.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Put your hands down will ya. You’re
dialog: embarrassing yourself.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I bet you five hundred bucks we get out
dialog: of this.
dialog: *
text: The Russian Colonel (ANTONIN DOVCHENKO) sedan drives up and comes
text: to a stop. Dovchenko steps up to them, nose to nose. He’s huge.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Maybe we should make that a
dialog: hundred. (make that a hundred) (why don’t
dialog: we make that a hundred, alright)
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO
dialog: (to Indy)
dialog: You recognize building, yes?
text: Indy looks back at the building. Then turns back to Dovchenko.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Drop dead.
text: CRACK! Dovchenko SMACKS INDY across the face and his legs go out
text: from under him.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: I mean drop dead, Comrade.
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO
scene_heading: DEPSICUTE EEWY PYKU ZA ENUNON(Hold his
text: arms behind his back)
text: Dovchenko takes off his hat, hands it to one of the soldiers. He
text: curls his meaty fist to CRACK him across the face again, but a
text: VOICE stops him.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Prasteete!
text: The back door of the sedan that just arrived a slender figure
text: steps out, dressed as a U.S. Army soldier. DR. IRINA SPALKO is in
text: her mid-thirties, tall, pale, jet black hair, bangs cut straight
text: across. She is wearing dark glasses. She moves with a dancer’s
text: grace, a scabbard hanging at her side.
text: Dovchenko walks up to her, and salutes.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Where was he found?
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO
text: In Mexico, they were digging in the dirt.
dialog: Looking for this junk.
text: He gets Indy’s satchel from the trunk of the sedan and turns it
text: upside down, empties it on the hard ground. Pieces of ancient
text: pottery and figurines SHATTER.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
text: Indy winces.
text: That was seven weeks’ work. A Spalko approaches:
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You’re not from around here. Are you?
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Where is it that you would imagine I am
dialog: from, Dr. Jones?
text: She takes her glasses off.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: The way you sink your teeth into those
dialog: Ws, I’d say the Eastern Ukraine.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Highest marks.
text: (she takes off her glove and
text: holds out her hand)
dialog: Colonel Doctor Irina Spalko.
dialog: (Indy doesn’t shake)
dialog: three times I have received Order of
dialog: Lenin, also medal of Hero of Socialist
dialog: Labor, and why? Because I know things.
dialog: I know them before anyone else, and what
dialog: I do not know, I find out. What I need
dialog: to know now --
text: She takes a step closer to Indy and taps a finger lightly on his
dialog: forehead.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: -- is in here.
text: She moves close to him, looks deeply into his eyes. Her gaze is
text: intense, disquieting. He stares back at her. She’s impressed.
dialog: Spalko moves
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: You are a hard man to read, Dr. Jones.
dialog: So we will try this.. What’s the
dialog: expression? The old-fashioned way. You
dialog: will tell us. You will help us find what
dialog: we seek.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN SOLDIER
speaker_heading: Gatavo tovarisch palkovnik (IT’S READY,
scene_heading: COMRADE COLONEL. )
text: towards the doors. She gives the order
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Davai! (do it!)
dialog: 5A.
text: A SPARK flies from the power box, a big wheel starts to turn, and
text: the huge hangar doors start to RUMBLE open, splitting right
dialog: between the “5” and the “1.”
scene_heading: INT HANGAR 51 DAY
text: Hangar 51 is a massive warehouse, an endless expanse of crates
text: stacked to the eighty foot ceilings as far as the eye can see.
dialog: This place looks familiar to us, seems like the kind of place a
dialog: paranoid government would stash its most secret objects.
text: Indy and Mac are prodded inside, at the end of the Russian gun
text: barrels. Spalko gestures around.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: This warehouse is where you and your
dialog: government have hidden all your secrets
dialog: yes?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I’ve never been here before in my life.
dialog: She smiles at him -- nice try, but I don’t believe your act.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Object we seek -- rectangular storage
dialog: container. Dimensions -- two meters by
dialog: one half a meter by 66 centimeters.
text: Contents of box mummified remains. This
dialog: is no doubt familiar to you?
text: Suddenly Indy knows exactly what she is talking about, but he
dialog: hesitates to volunteer anything.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What makes you think I have any idea what
dialog: box you’re talking about?
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Because ten years ago you were part of
dialog: the team that examined it.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Look even if I knew what you-
text: What a sudden SSSSHHHHING!, she draws a rapier and lunges forward
text: in a blindingly quick fencing move, pressing the tip of the blade
text: against Indy’s jugular.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Were talking about....
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: YOU WILL. HELP US. FIND IT!
text: Indy looks at her coldly.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Killing me’s not gonna solve your
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: “Not gonna solve my problem” You’re
dialog: right.
text: She BARKS to the Soldiers in Russian .
dialog: 6A.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont'd)
scene_heading: VAZMITYE DRUBOVA!(take the other one)
text: Two Soldiers drag Mac across the pavement, drop him and kick him
text: over in the gravel, right next to a truck.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: It’s all gone pear shaped.
text: Spalko moves forward puts on her glasses. Gives a signal.
text: Indy looks on as two soldiers hold him.
text: Dovchenko walks over Mac’s body and gets in the truck, he starts
dialog: the engine.
text: --with a ROAR, drops the truck in gear, hits the gas, and begins
text: to move slowly towards Mac’s head, as the soldiers hold him down --
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Okay, okay! Hey, hey, hey!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: He said okay for God’s sake. Are you
dialog: going to let me up? (4F)Okay , okay, he
dialog: said okay- would you let me up?
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: 7A.
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR- DAY
text: INDY followed by the whole group, thinks like a wild man, looking
text: around. There are rectangular storage containers everywhere.
text: He walks in and stops, turns to the group.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (mind racing)
dialog: Alright I need a compass. Compass?
text: The Soldiers look at each other, confused.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: You know, north, south, east?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: West.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: No?
text: They don’t seem to. Indy’s eyes fall on Dovchenko’s gun.. He
text: walks up to him.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: I need your bullets.
text: Dovchenko laughs.
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO
dialog: Oh-ho-chit mai-y pa-tro-neh.(he wants my
dialog: bullets)
text: Everyone laughs. Indy walks up to Spalko in something of a rage.
text: Indy turns to the woman in charge.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: The contents of that box are highly
dialog: magnetized. I need gunpowder. Do you
dialog: want my help or not
text: She turns, looks and --
dialog: *
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER,
text: -- Dovchenko twists the top off one of the hand grenades dumping
text: the gunpowder in Indy’s left hand.
text: Spalko watches him, curious and impressed.
text: Indy moves towards the boxes and climbs to the top . Spalko, Mac
text: and Dovchenko follow him curios.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: What is the point? (V5D-don’t toy with
dialog: me Dr. Jones. What is the point of
dialog: this?)
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: If it’s still magnetic, the metal in
dialog: this gunpowder should point the way.
text: He reaches the top of the boxes and opens his hand, letting the
text: gunpowder flies up in a cloud. In mid-air it seems to coalesce,
text: drawn together by an unseen force, and when it lands on the floor
text: it’s in the shape of a line, pointing down one of the aisles.
text: Spalko and the group follow Indy.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Zarim! (move)
speaker_heading: PART II
text: Indy with Spalko, Mac, Dovchenko and the large group of soldiers
text: come around a corner of boxes into an aisle(cul-de-sac area).
text: Indy gets an idea and grabs Dovchenko’s hat from his head.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: In here.
text: Two soldiers move forward and come to both sides of Indy and
text: begin pouring the powder from two grenades.
text: They continue to move forward.
text: The group comes around another corner into the mouth of the
text: aisle, it’s jam-packed with crates, stacked to the ceiling. The
text: soldiers pour for a second time from another two grenades. Indy
text: comes to a stop following the original line, he lets the powder
text: in the hat go free.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + * HF
dialog: 8A.
text: The group looks up as the powder as it flies up in the air and
text: then comes down in a line and heads down another aisle between a
text: row of boxes. Indy with the group follow the powder and turn
dialog: into...
text: Another corner. Again Pasha and the other soldier pour powder
text: into the hat, but this time from four grenades, they continue
dialog: walking.
text: Indy climbs up a set of boxes and lets the powder fly free from
dialog: the hat.
text: Indy turns to the group down below, he sees the shotgun pointing
text: at him.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Shells, give me shotgun shells.
text: He climbs down and starts to walk down the middle of the large
dialog: aisle-
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO
dialog: Nyet, Hvatit ya emu neveru (No. Enough.
dialog: I don’t believe him. I don’t trust him)
dialog: to Spalko.
text: Spalko gives the order.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Give him the shells.
text: Another soldier moves up next to Indy and ejects shotgun shells.
text: The group follows Indy to a row of boxes.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Pliers.
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
dialog: 8B.
text: One of the soldiers hands Indy a set of pliers. The group follow
text: Indy across to a large set of boxes. Indy throws the hat back to
text: Dovchenko. Dovchenko catches it and puts it back on. Indy climbs
text: the boxes all the way to the top, a few of the soldiers with
text: their rifles follow him. Indy turns and looks at the group.
text: Spalko moves closer to the boxes. Indy using the pliers opens
text: the shell and pours the pellets into his hand. He dumps the
text: pellets on the boxes.
text: Spalko watches as the pellets roll down. She looks and sees that
text: the pellets are going into the boxes. She gets more pellets and
text: spreads them across the bottom of the boxes. The pellets reach
text: the base of the stack of crates, roll up the side of it, and
text: disappear through the crack. Spalko watches them disappear, she
text: looks at Dovchenko. He gives the orders to bring down the boxes.
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO
dialog: In Russian(everybody come over. Start
dialog: your cars-move quickly)
text: Indy, pacing, watches form the top as the soldiers with Dovchenko
text: begin to move the boxes down. The soldiers toss aside several
text: identical oblong wooden crates.
text: A group of army trucks pull into the area.
text: Spalko gives orders.
text: She watches as the soldiers continue to move the boxes. Mac
text: mutters to himself.
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO (cont'd)
scene_heading: ETAT (that one) TEPYE ETAT(get that
text: one. TASHITYE(grab It, pick it up)
text: They finally reach the box with the pellets. The soldiers pull
text: the crate out. The crate’s dimensions are as Spalko descried,
dialog: about the size of your average coffin, but a bit thinner
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Open it!
text: One of the soldiers wedges a crowbar into the slot at the side of
text: the crate and starts to pry the lid open. The crowbar pulls away
text: from his hand and it gets stuck on the top of the crate. The
text: other soldiers also begin to pry the crate open. Finally the
text: slats are pulled away, they reveal a stainless steel tank.
text: The soldiers lift it and move towards a vehicle.
text: The lights start to move toward the box. Indy watches and begins
dialog: to climb down.
speaker_heading: + eH HH HF
dialog: ee
dialog: + %
dialog: *
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: + * HF
dialog: *
text: A dozen lights dangling above swing toward the coffin, drawn to
text: it. Mac looks at the floor, as the steel parts from the broken
text: crates begin to also move toward the coffin.
text: Spalko follows the coffin from behind a line of soldiers.
text: The others carry the coffin to the open truck. The dog tags from
text: their necks are drawn to the magnetism. They are all struggling
text: with their rifles, trying to keep them from being pulled away by
dialog: the coffin.
text: Spalko moves to the box on the truck, she tries to feel it with
text: her hand. Her sward rises towards the box. Spalko brings it down,
text: she takes it off and hands it to Dovchenko.
text: Indy watches from the top of the boxes, he heads down and joins
text: Mac on the floor.
text: One of the soldiers opens the lid, as he does this, his glasses
text: are pulled off his face and get stuck on the cover. We catch a
text: glimpse of the stencilling. It’s obscured, but what we can make
dialog: out reads--
scene_heading: ROSWELL, N.M. 7-9-47
text: Spalko climbs onto the truck, looking into the glass covering,
text: she opens it. Inside, we see only a shape, wrapped in silvery
text: metallic wrapping of some kind.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Fanari. (flashlights)
text: Indy is watching with Mac, Indy tries to move closer, the soldier
text: carrying his whip steps in front of him. His rifle aimed at Indy.
text: Spalko gets a knife and begins to cut the bag down the middle.
text: As it breaks its seal, there is a HISS and a heavy gas escapes
text: swirling. Spalko leans forward, breathless, as at the end of a
text: long quest. She peels the wrapping away from the top portion of
text: the shape. The inside of the wrapping holds the shape of what it
text: was wrapped around -- a humanoid head, somewhat elongated
text: cranium, and the sygomatic arches of an oversized pair of eyes.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
speaker_heading: MOYO- ZOLOTSE(sunshine)
text: The Russian Soldiers lean forward, fascinated and distracted--
text: Indy looks at Mac, decides to seize the distraction as the
text: soldier looks back. Indy hits him and GRABS HIS BULLWHIP, hanging
text: over the shoulder of the Russian guarding him. He shoulder- blocks
text: the Russian, who falls back. Spalko stands and looks at Indy.
dialog: *
dialog: + OK *
dialog: + %
dialog: + %
dialog: * + OK
dialog: *
dialog: ee *
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: + * HF
dialog: 10.
text: The Soldier (FRANKLIN) guarding Mac spins his aim toward Indy,
dialog: but --
text: -- Indy’s bullwhip CRACKS, the lash wraps around the Soldier’s
dialog: tip of his gun--
text: -- the fallen Russian (KEVIN)swings his gun around, aiming it at
dialog: Indy --
text: -- Indy flicks his wrist, causing the 2nd Soldier (FRANKLIN)to
dialog: fire his gun, and the bullets --
text: -- SLAM INTO THE RUSSIAN ON THE GROUND, (Kevin) killing him.
text: Indy flicks his arm again, causing Mac’s guard to loose the gun
dialog: Mac catches it--
text: -- Indy bends down and scoops up the dead Russian’s weapon.
text: The remaining Russian Soldiers spin their guns around, but too
text: late -- Indy is standing beside Mac, they’re now back to back
text: the old friends, both armed, holding the Russians at bay. Indy
text: still holding onto his whip under the gun.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Drop the guns!
dialog: (aiming at Spalko)
text: Or Colonel Doctor Spalko is dead.
text: The Soldiers start to lower their weapons, but then something
text: funny happens. Dovchenko smiles.
text: And the Soldiers raise their weapons again. Puzzled, Indy turns
dialog: and sees the last thing he ever expected --
text: The barrel of Mac’s gun, pointing directly at Indy’s head.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Why Mac? Why?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What can I say, Jonsy, I’m a capitalist.
dialog: And they paid.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: After all those years we spent spying on
dialog: the Reds?! I thought we were friends
dialog: Mac.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: 11.
text: Mac backs away from Indy, moving to the Russians side.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Had bad luck with the cards, mate.
dialog: Awful. Bloody awful. Can’t go home
text: empty-handed no more.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: No defiant last words, Dr. Jones?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I like Ike.
text: Dovchenko steps forward, CLICKING the slide back on his automatic
text: handgun.
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO
dialog: But down gun.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You got it, pal.
text: He pitches the automatic weapon from a height.
text: The gun hits the floor and fires off a round. The bullet SLAMS
text: into the concrete, ripping right through --
text: -- A RUSSIAN SOLDIER’S RIGHT BOOT, blowing off two of his toes.
text: As the Soldier SCREAMS, he inadvertently squeezes the trigger on
text: his machine gun, sending a spray of bullets flying into the air
text: TINGING off trucks, CRUNCHING into crates.
text: Indy runs out.
text: Spalko SHOUTS at the nearby Soldiers.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Dograt Yevo.(go after him)
text: Spalko closes the glass case, the soldier takes his glasses off
text: the cover-Spalko SLAMS the lid of the coffin closed .
text: One of the soldiers closes the weapons carrier.
text: Spalko gets in the driver seat and drives off
text: Spalko leaps behind the wheel, hits the gas, and takes off with
dialog: it.
dialog: *
dialog: 12.
dialog: ATOP THE CRATES,
text: Indy turns and runs down the alley, looking for some means of
text: escape. The soldiers aim their weapons at him. The bullets miss
text: him. There are stacks of packing crates in ever direction
text: different heights, different gaps between them. He comes to the
text: end looks around, scampers up onto the pile of crates .
text: The soldiers emerge from the alley, they spot Indy on top. They
text: fire, the top crate EXPLODES in a fusillade of gunfire, they
text: barely missing him again.
text: Indy continues chasing Spalko, he CRACKS his whip --
text: -- it wraps around the light, and he swings out over the gap.
text: Indy soars over the crates, and catches up to the jeep.
text: We, almost. His feet are about to land on the back gate just as
text: he starts his backward swing --
text: -- the tip of the bullwhip unravels --
text: -- and Indy falls backwards, CRASHING into the front seat of
text: another jeep, following the first one, landing right between two
text: Russian Soldiers. He GROANS in pain.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Damn, I thought that was closer
text: Indy throws an elbow into the face of the Soldier on his right
text: and a punch into the face of the Soldier behind the wheel, they
text: fall out opposite sides of the jeep --
text: -- and Indy slides behind the wheel and ROARS away down the aisle
text: of the warehouse, chasing Spalko. He catches up, gives the wheel
text: a jerk, and SLAMS her jeep into a pile of crates.
text: He pushes Spalko’s jeep all the way deep into the boxes, they
dialog: disappears.
text: She goes flying out of the jeep as it comes to a sudden stop.
text: Indy leaps out of his own jeep and into Spalko’s, the one
text: carrying the box with his name on it.
text: The soldiers catch up and surround the area. Suddenly there’s a
text: huge explosion. The soldiers get thrown up in the air, debris is
text: flying everywhere. Indy slides out driving the jeep,. He throws
text: it in gear and takes off, as Spalko comes out and sees him
dialog: leaving.
speaker_heading: + * HF
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: + * HF
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Sleyduityi zarim. (follow him!)
text: Dovchenko in the truck goes after Indy.
text: Spalko joins the other soldiers. As she walks away, we see: the
text: contents of a smashed crate half-exposed on the floor. There’s a
text: glowing gold handle atop a bejewelled box , it’s the Ark of the---
scene_heading: IN INDY’S JEEP,
text: he races up to an intersection in the giant warehouse,
text: Dovechenko’s truck is following him.
text: He looks back. The truck is gaining on him.
text: Indy looks ahead and finds himself now HEAD ON with a sedan.
text: Mac is in the sedan, carrying his rifle.
text: In the narrow aisle Indy has no other place to go--
text: Mac is getting closer.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Don’t get clever Boris. No, no, no. You
dialog: don’t know him.
text: Indy looks up, and sees the hanging lamps, and the latticework of
text: support beams up there.
text: Indy starts to climb up and reaches --
dialog: -- for one of the lamps-
text: -- Indy’s body is yanked out of the jeep with incredible force.
text: He flies into the air, and beneath him the brakes and Drivers of
text: the two oncoming vehicles SCREAM --
text: -- and SMASH into Indy’s jeep, front and back, crumpling it like
text: a tin can and CRACKING OPEN the crates that were in the jeep.
dialog: 13A.
text: Mac rolls out of the wreckage, he looks up.
text: Indy is running on the rafters, getting away.
text: The soldiers begin firing.
scene_heading: BAM-BAM-BAM! !
text: Indy keeps running as gunshots RIP behind him.
text: Dovchenko gets out of his truck, and begins firing with his gun.
text: He chases Indy.
text: Indy runs to the end of the rafters, he jumps on the chains and
text: slides down. As he gets up, Dovchenko catches up to him and
dialog: tackles him.......
text: The burst through a door.
text: As they come out the other side they fall down into a room with
text: a glass dome.
text: They fall on top and continue to fight. Indy manages to punch
text: Dovchenko, on the second punch Dovchenko looses his hat.
text: The glass begins to crack, it shatters.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER-DAY
text: Dovchenko and Indy fall through the glass, and land on a platform
text: that is held by chains.
text: They continue fighting, Indy is able to roll off and swing by the
text: chains. Dovchenko grabs onto one of the chains.
dialog: 14.
text: Dovchenko is hanging by the chain. Indy flies in on another chain
text: and kicks Dovchenko.
text: Dovchenko goes flying into the control room, crashing through the
text: glass window.
text: He lands hard on a control panel, a red light flashes and a
text: buzzer BUZZES. The clock starts the countdown.
text: Dovchenko gets up, picks up the chain.
text: Indy has dropped onto the deck of a railroad flat car, set at the
text: end of the train tracks that run away into the distance, into an
text: underground tunnel. There’s a jet engine crudely bolted onto he
text: deck of the flat car.
text: Dovchenko tries to hit Indy with the chain. Indy rolls backwards
text: off the platform. Dovchenko follows him, trying to hit him with
text: the chain. Indy tries to get away, he climbs back onto the
dialog: platform.
text: A set of doors at the tunnel mouth RUMBLE open.
text: The turbine on the rocket ship starts to spin.
text: Dovchenko grabs Indy’s right foot with he chain and pulls him
text: down onto the steel grate. Indy tries to get up, Dovchenko
text: punches him. Indy tries again, and again Dovchenko punches him.
text: Indy tries again, Dovchenko takes the chain and wraps it around
text: Indy’s neck.
text: Dovchenko hauls Indy up by the chain. He starts to punch Indy.
text: Mac with a group of soldiers carrying their guns, approach from
text: the end of an access tunnel behind the flat car
text: Indy manages to get his legs around Dovchenko’s neck, he starts
text: to choke him as hard as he can. Dov is loosing his breath.
text: Indy gets his right foot free and kicks Dovchenko down to the
text: ground. Indy comes down
text: The clock is reaching zero.
dialog: + OK + OK *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + * HF *
dialog: *
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: 11A
dialog: 12
dialog: 15.
text: The soldiers with Mac are just about to reach them
text: -- and the jet engine ROARS to life, sending a blast of rippling
text: white fire ERUPTING out of the back of the rocket sled (because
text: that what this gizmo is), incinerating the Russian soldiers.
text: Mac recoils from the blast and the engine fully engages -- boy,
text: does it engage, SLAMMING Indy and Dovchenko flying into a
text: cushioned blast shield near the back of the railroad car
text: The rocket sled blasts away down the railroad tracks so fast it’s
text: just a streak of light and ZOOMS into the tunnel.
text: IN THE TUNNEL,
text: lights strobe by as the rocket sled picks up speed in the
text: underground tunnel. Indy and Dovchenko are pinned to the rear
text: blast shield by the intense thrust.
scene_heading: EXT HANGAR 51 DUSK
text: As dusk falls, we see the blurry fire of the rocket sled as it
text: BLASTS out the mouth of the tunnel, moving like a shooting star
text: down five miles of tracks, disappearing into the distance.
scene_heading: INT GUARD SHACK DUSK
text: An MP watching the rocket, he makes a call.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I need to speak to the colonel.
text: A second later, there’s a sonic BOOM.
scene_heading: INT HANGAR 51 DUSK
text: Back in the hangar, Russian Soldiers are picking up the coffin.
text: Spalko SHOUTS to them in Russian, pointing out the open hangar
dialog: door, go after them!
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Shivilyties. (move) Poidyomte (let’s go)
text: Mac out of breath joins her. The soldiers load the coffin in the
text: jeep. Spalko gets in the driver seat of the remaining jeep. Mac
text: joins her in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont'd)
dialog: You did well.
text: The drive off.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15A.
scene_heading: EXT ROCKET SLED NIGHT *
text: On the rocket sled, Indy and Dovchenko hold on for dear life as
text: the G forces wrap their faces around the backs of their skulls.
text: The desert landscape flashes by; they cover miles in moments, and
dialog: as abruptly as it started --
text: -- the booster engine shuts down. The rocket sled silently
text: glides to a halt at the end of the five mile stretch of railroad
text: tracks, coming to a stop with a soft little THUMP into a rubber
text: bumper at the end, next to a small shack with lights on.
text: On the flat car, Indy and Dovchenko. Indy comes to, he pushes *
text: Dovchenko off the flat car. *
text: Indy gets up, holding onto his whip, he tries to regain his *
text: balance, he grabs his hat and looses his footing, he falls off on *
text: the other side of the flat car. *
text: In the distance, Indy spies a plume of dust from the Russian
text: cars, which are pursuing him.
text: He takes off into the distance on wobbly lets, headed for a rocky
dialog: rise that might provide some cover.
scene_heading: EXT HANGAR 51 DUSK
text: Outside the front entrance to Hangar 51, another truck, this one
text: full of REAL U.S. MARINES, alerted by the noise of the rocket
text: sled, SCREECHES to a halt. The marines leap out, drawing their
text: weapons, and cautiously approach the entrance to the hangar
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 16. 10/12/07
scene_heading: INT HANGAR 51 DUSK
text: Spalko and Mac take off out the rear of Hangar 51 just before the
text: Marines enter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT DESERT NIGHT
text: the jeep and sedan with the Russians inside SKID to a halt next to
text: the railroad flat car.
text: Indy watches from behind the hill.
text: Dovchenko, on the flat car, is just coming to. As the Soldiers
text: from the sedan tend to him, Dovchenko SHOUTS to the others,
dialog: gesturing in the direction Indy ran -- get him!
text: Three Russians jump back into the jeep and take off, further into
dialog: the desert.
text: Dovchenko limps into the sedan and it turns around, heading in
text: the opposite direction, back the way they came.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT DESERT TOWN DAWN
text: Indy spots a small desert town on the horizon. He walks toward
dialog: it.
dialog: 18
dialog: 16A. 10/12/07
scene_heading: EXT MAIN STREET DAY
dialog: Indy walks into this perfect little American town---
text: --the three Russians in the American jeep cruise slowly around a
text: corner, still searching for Indy.
text: Indy jumps over a fence into the backyard of a prim house.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 17. 10/12/07
scene_heading: EXT BACK YARDS DAY
text: Indy plows right through somebody’s laundry hanging on a line,
text: and heads for the back door of the house.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hello! Hello!
scene_heading: INT SOMEBODY’S HOUSE DUSK
text: Indy enters and finds himself in a perfect little kitchen,
text: appointed with all the latest appliances, including a heavy-duty
dialog: refrigerator.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hello?! Hello?! Anybody home?!
text: Indy grabs the phone, the phone line is broken.
text: He hears faint MUSIC form the other room.
scene_heading: INT LIVING ROOM DUSK
text: Indy races into the living room, where the music is louder. It’s
text: the theme from the Howdy Doody Show. A family (MOM, DAD, and TwO
text: KIDS) is seated with their backs to him, watching Howdy on the
text: black and white TV set.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hey, hey, Russians ..... (or on C) I
dialog: knocked. You guys got a telephone.
text: Nobody moves. Nobody answers. They just stare at the screen.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Wait a minute.
dialog: Hey, Dad isn’t a dad at all and Mom isn’t a mom and in fact these
dialog: aren’t even real people! They’re MANNEQUINS.
speaker_heading: BUFFALO BOB
dialog: Why, Howdy, haven’t you guessed yet?
dialog: It’s an imaginary place!
text: Indy is stunned, trying to process what’s happening.
text: He goes to the front door and steps out--
dialog: 22
dialog: 18. 10/12/07
scene_heading: EXT HOUSE DAY
text: - and onto the front lawn. A MANNEQUIN MILKMAN is frozen at the
text: front walkway, holding onto a milk crate.
text: Indy walks to the sidewalk. A FROZEN newspaper boy on a bicycle.
text: An AIR RAID SIREN starts to WAIL. Indy is startled he bumps into
text: the bicycle, the boy falls.
text: Indy turns something horrible coming together in his mind.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Oh, that can’t be good.
text: INDY looks at the frozen kids standing around the Ice Cream
text: Truck. The MANNEQUIN ICE CREAM MAN handing out a popsicle.
text: He turns and looks at the
text: MANNEQUIN MAILMAN, delivering fake mail. Across the street, a
text: MANNEQUIN PEDESTRIAN is frozen in stride, walking a FAKE DOG.
text: He sees a group of frozen women hanging the laundry.
text: A DEAFENING VOICE bellows from hidden loudspeakers.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: All personnel take final positions.
text: Countdown to detonation commencing at t-
dialog: minus one minute.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That can’t be good at all.
text: Indy looks down Main Street.
text: Next to a sign, the kind that should say Welcome to Mayberry or
dialog: something, but this one says --
speaker_heading: DOOM TOWN
scene_heading: U.S. Army Proving Ground CIVILIANS TURN
speaker_heading: BACK!
dialog: *
dialog: + OK
dialog: 23
scene_heading: 18A. 10/12/07
scene_heading: EXT EDGE OF TOWN DUSK
text: -- the Russian Soldiers are walking down the street toward him,
text: with their guns drawn.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: T-minus forty-five seconds.
text: One of the Russians turns, seeing,
text: There, a few hundred yards out of town stands a metal-frame tower
text: festooned with sirens and loudspeakers. Suspended beneath a
dialog: platform in the middle--
dialog: -- is a NUCLEAR BOMB.
text: The Russian’s eyes go wide and he SCREAMS at the Soldiers in the
dialog: jeep.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
scene_heading: BOZBPOWANTECB! ZTO-SOMSA! OHA
scene_heading: B3APBETC! (GET BACK, IT’S A BOMB, IT WILL
speaker_heading: EXPLODE! )
text: They hit the gas, race past Indy, the Soldier leaps inside, and
text: they ROAR the hell out of Doom Town.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: SURE, DON’T WAIT FOR ME!!
text: He races a few steps after them, then realizes it’s pointless.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
text: T-minus thirty seconds and counting.
text: Indy makes a desperate decision. He turns and runs, but not out
text: of town; Indy heads back into the house.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 19. 10/12/07
scene_heading: INT HOUSE DUSK
text: Indy bursts into the same house as before, racing down the
text: hallway, dogged by the cheery “Howdy Doody” theme music.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
text: T-minus fifteen seconds and counting.
scene_heading: INT KITCHEN DUSK
text: Indy runs into the kitchen and throws open the old-style
dialog: refrigerator.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: T-minus ten seconds and counting.
text: Indy yanks everything out of the fridge, shelves and all.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: T-minus five seconds and counting.
text: Indy jumps into the fridge and SLAMS the door --
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: Four.
text: -- but the door bounces open, cans are blocking it --
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Three.
dialog: -- he cleans the rest of the things out --
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: Two.
text: -- and SLAMS the door. As it closes a little metal plate on the
text: corner of the door pops into focus, it reads --
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: One.
scene_heading: -- “LEAD-LINED FOR SUPERIOR INSULATION!”
text: The screen turns white.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 20. 10/12/07
text: IN THE INCREDIBLE GLARE,
text: Mannequins fly apart in the blast-furnace, bodies ignite like
text: matchheads, Kids are swept off their bikes, Mailman and
text: Pedestrian turn to cinders in a split-second, the Buick and its
text: waving Driver tumble down the street like a flaming toy.
text: Walls collapse, houses implode, roofs fly away.
scene_heading: EXT DESERT DUSK
text: A mile away, the Russian Soldiers are driving like madmen,
text: getting out of town at eighty miles an hour, but it isn’t fast
text: enough, as a BLASTWAVE OF HEAT AND DEBRIS comes rocketing across
text: the blast, turning sand to glass.
text: And in the instant before the blastwave consumes them, the last
dialog: thing the Russians see is --
text: -- a REFRIGERATOR zipping past them, riding the blastwave.
text: And then the Russians are vaporized, their jeep melting into the
text: desert sand. We are engulfed by dust.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 28
dialog: 21. 10/15/07
scene_heading: EXT DESERT DUSK
text: A couple miles from Doom Town, the dust billows away to reveal a
text: scorched, half-melted refrigerator lying in a pile of debris.
text: We hear THUMPING from within, the latch gives, and the door
text: swings up with a heave. Indy emerges, unsteady on his feet. He
text: staggers toward us,
text: A prairie dog is watching him
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What are you looking at?
text: Indy gets up and grabs his whip from the refrigerator, he heads
text: up the hill.
text: As he settles gazing up with horror and awe at --
text: A HUGE MUSHROOM CLOUD, rising up over the desert floor. Indy
text: stands there, silhouetted against the billowing, seething cloud,
text: and is it our imagination or, with its creepy, hollowed-out eye
dialog: sockets, does that deadly cloud bear a strong resemblance --
dialog: -- to a human skull?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 29
scene_heading: 21A. 10/17/07
scene_heading: INT DECONTAMINATION ROOM DAY
text: Indy, exhausted, is in a decontamination room He’s surrounded
text: by FOUR SOLDIERS in medical gowns and goggles who are scrubbing
text: him roughly with long-handled brushes.
text: Two shadowy men in dark suits and skinny ties, SMITH and TAYLOR,
text: stand a short distance away, regarding him suspiciously. A SMALL
text: MAN with a Geiger counter waves a metal wand across Indy’s body.
text: There are few, if any, CLICKS.
text: A SOLDIER IN UNIFORM enters and hands smith a paper. He enters
text: the room. Indy is seated on a table, Taylor is standing on the
dialog: other side.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Your story appears to check out. But
dialog: I’m still mystified, Dr. Jones, as to
dialog: why you were in the Russian car in the
dialog: first place.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I told you, I was knocked unconscious
dialog: and kidnapped from a dig in Mexico. I
dialog: woke up I was in the trunk of that car
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Along with your good friend George
dialog: McHale?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I had no reason to believe Mac was a spy.
dialog: He was MI6 when I was 0.S.S., we did
dialog: twenty or thirty missions together in
dialog: Europe and the Pacific, we-
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Don’t wave your war record in our face,
dialog: Colonel Jones, we all served.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: No kidding? What side were you on?
text: Smith starts to walk in back of Indy, as Taylor crosses in front
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I don’t think you understand the gravity
dialog: of your situation. You aided and abetted
text: KGB operatives who broke into a (he
dialog: sits) secret military installation, in
dialog: the heart of the United States of
dialog: America. My country.
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + HH HH
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What was in that steel box they took?
scene_heading: TAYLOR (AS HE LEANS ON THE
speaker_heading: TABLE )
dialog: You tell us. You’ve seen it before.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You mean that Air force fiasco in ‘47? I
text: was tossed into a bus with blacked out
dialog: windows and twenty people I wasn’t
dialog: allowed to speak(talk) to-- hauled out
text: in the middle of the night to the middle
dialog: of nowhere on some urgent recovery
dialog: project and shown - what? Pieces of
text: wreckage and an intensely magnetic
dialog: shroud covering--(still unsure what it
dialog: was)-- mutilated remains? None of us
dialog: were every given the full picture and we
dialog: were threatened with treason if we ever
dialog: talked about it. So you tell me-- what
dialog: was in the box?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: This process works best when we ask the
dialog: question, Dr. Jones.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Mummified remains?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Our records don’t indicate anything of
dialog: that nature was housed there.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You must be confused, Dr. Jones.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: the only thing that facility stores is
text: replacement parts for B series aircraft.
scene_heading: * He HHH HH HH HH HF *
dialog: + %
dialog: 23.
text: The door BANGS open and a two-star Army General barrels into the
text: room -- GENERAL ROSS. Around Indy’s age, big man, big voice.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ROSS
dialog: Indy, thank God! Don’t you know it’s
dialog: dangerous to climb into a refrigerator?
dialog: Those things are death traps!
text: Ross is smiling, he’s kidding. Indy smiles back.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Good to see you too, Bob.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ROSS
dialog: (to Smith and Taylor)
dialog: Relax, boys, I can vouch for Dr. Jones.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to Ross)
dialog: What the hell’s going on? KGB on
dialog: American soil? Who was that woman?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Describe her.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: Tall, thin, mid-thirties. She carried
dialog: a sword of some kind -- a rapier, I
dialog: think. Knew how to use it, too.
text: Smith and Taylor exchange a look -- they recognize that
text: description. Taylor steps out of the room quickly.
text: Through a glass panel, we see Taylor, outside the room, pick up a
text: phone and make a call.
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: 24.
text: Ross produces a file from his briefcase and flips it open
text: showing Indy a surveillance photograph of Spalko. Indy picks up
text: the file and looks at it.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Yeah, that’s her.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (to Indy)
dialog: You’re sure she’s here?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Here and gone. Who is she?
text: Smith doesn’t answer Indy. But General Ross does.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ROSS
text: Irina Spalko, Stalin’s fair-haired girl.
dialog: His favorite scientist, if you can call
dialog: psychic research science.
text: Smith steps in, trying to end this conversation. Indy looks
text: through the file.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: General Ross.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ROSS
dialog: She’s leading teams from the Kremlin all
text: over the world, scooping up artifacts
dialog: she thinks might have paranormal
dialog: military applications. She’s-
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: General Ross.
text: Smith takes the file from Indy and closes it. Ross turns, and
text: Smith gives him an icy glare.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ROSS
dialog: Back off, Paul. Not everyone in the
dialog: Army is a Commie. And certainly not
dialog: Indy.
text: Ross sits at the head of the table. Indy also sits and puts his
text: feet up.
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: 30
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What exactly am I being accused with,
dialog: besides surviving a nuclear blast?
text: Outside, Taylor hangs up the phone and re-enters the room.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Nothing yet. But frankly, your
dialog: association with George McHale calls
dialog: into question all your activities,
dialog: including those during the war.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ROSS
dialog: are you nuts? Do you have any idea how
dialog: many medals this son of a bitch has won?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: A great many, I’m sure. But does he
dialog: deserve them?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Dr. Jones, let’s just say for now that
dialog: you are of interest to the Bureau.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Of great interest.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Look, you got any doubts about me, talk
dialog: to congressman Freleng. Or Abe Portman
dialog: in Army Intel. Hell, ask anybody, I’ve
dialog: got a lot of friends in Washington!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I think, Professor, you’1l find you
dialog: might be wrong about that.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT UNIVERSITY CAMPUS DAY
text: A beautiful college campus. A big banner tells us Homecoming
dialog: this Saturday.
text: But OMINOUS FOOTSTEPS echo over the quad.
dialog: is
dialog: *
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT CAMPUS BUILDING DAY
text: a pair of dress shoes CLICK down a hallway in one of the
text: buildings. DEAN CHARLES STANFORTH, sixtyish, stops at a door and
dialog: looks
text: THROUGH THE WINDOW,
text: we see Indy, dressed in his tweedy professor’s garb, teaching a
dialog: class.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: --a period of time distinguished with the
dialog: use of Groove Ware and the
dialog: beginnings of modern drainage practices
dialog: which we also see in Skara Brae, on the
dialog: west coast of Scotland.
text: INSIDE THE CLASSROOM,
text: Stanforth slips quietly inside and leans against the wall.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Skara Brae dates back to 3100 B.C. And
dialog: was continuously occupied for a period
dialog: of about six hundred years until its
dialog: apparent abandonment in 2500 B.C.
dialog: There’s no clear(solid) evidence as to
dialog: why its-
text: He stops and looks at Stanforth. Stanforth looks grim. Indy
text: stumbles, knows something's up.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Its inhabitants decided to abandon to,
dialog: uh, leave a perfectly healthy
dialog: settlement(environment) (to Stanforth)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: May I have a moment, Professor?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Yes of course.
text: Indy turns back in and addresses his class.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Uh, open up Michaelson, review chapter
dialog: four. When I come back we’1l discuss the
dialog: difference between migration(emigration)
dialog: and exodus.
dialog: *
dialog: ee *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + HH HH *
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: + * HF
dialog: + %
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + * HF
dialog: 33
dialog: 27.
text: He steps into the hall, closing the door behind him.
text: The STUDENTS lean forward to hear what’s going on outside.
speaker_heading: INDY (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: WHAT?!
text: The Students look up sharply. Indy and the Dean are visible
text: through the glass; Indy looks like he’s going to clobber him.
text: OUT IN THE HALLWAY,
text: Stanforth’s trying to calm him.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: You have no idea the pressure coming
dialog: from the Board of Regents. The FBI
dialog: showed up this morning, they ransacked
dialog: your office, searched all your files --
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: And you didn’t stop them? You’re the
dialog: dean of this college, they have no right! *
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: They had every right! They weren’t
text: vandals, they were federal agents with
dialog: search warrants. The University’s not
dialog: going to let itself be embroiled in that
dialog: kind of controversy, not in this *
dialog: charged climate. *
text: Indy leads Stanforth down the hallway. *
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: So you’re firing me?
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: A leave of absence, is all. An *
dialog: indefinite leave of absence --
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You are firing me!
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: -- during which they have agreed to
dialog: continue to pay your full salary for a
dialog: period of-
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I don’t want their money. I’11 tell you *
dialog: what they can do with their money. *
dialog: 27A.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: Please don’t be foolish, you don’t know
dialog: what I had to go through to get that for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What you went through?(what you had to go
dialog: through?) What exactly did you have to
dialog: go through, Charlie?
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: Henry. I resigned.
text: Indy just looks at him, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 34
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT INDY’S HOUSE DAY
text: Indy is folding a shirt, he puts it in a suitcase that’s on the
text: bed in Indy’s bedroom.
text: Stanforth is standing in the archway. They’re halfway through a
text: bottle of red wine, middle of the afternoon.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: Where will you go?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Train to New York, overnight to London,
dialog: for starters. Might end up teaching in
dialog: Leipzig, Heinrich owes me a favor
text: Indy moves to the closet, opens up one of the drawers and takes
text: out some clothes. He moves back to the bed.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: I’1l wire you when I get settled and you
dialog: can send the rest of my things
text: He goes back to the closet and gets a couple of belts, he walks
text: back to the packing.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: I suppose there’s nothing to keep you
dialog: here. I barely recognize this country
dialog: anymore, the government’s got us seeing
dialog: communists in our soup. When the
dialog: hysteria reaches academia, I guess it’s
dialog: time to call it a career.
text: Indy picks up his glass and moves to the living room.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: How’d Deirdre take the news?
text: Stanforth follows.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: How does any wife take such things? The
text: look on her face was a combination of
text: pride and panic.
text: Stanforth finishes his drink. Indy moves to his desk and opens
dialog: the drawers.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I never should have doubted you, my
dialog: friend.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: We seem to be at the age where life stops
dialog: giving us things and starts taking them
dialog: away.
text: Pause. Wow, bummer. Then they both snap out of it at the same
text: time, Indy bolting up to resume packing while Stanforth reaches
dialog: for the wine.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe just another half a glass...
text: Indy goes to his desk and rifles through some papers, takes a
text: few, including his passport, throws out some others.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH (cont'd)
dialog: I wish you’d met someone like Deirdre,
dialog: to help you through times like this. Or
dialog: if you’d realized it when you did meet
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Let’s not tug on that thread right now,
dialog: okay pal?
text: Stanforth holds his hands up in surrender, okay, I’1l drop it.
text: He notices his watch.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: Good Lord, I’ve got to get home. Don and
dialog: Maggie are driving spousum et familia up
dialog: from the city for dinner. Emergency
text: family council meeting.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (with a touch of envy)
dialog: They’re good kids.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: Healthy and employed, I’1l settle for
dialog: that. I’m off.
dialog: (stands, sways from the wine)
dialog: And I believe I should walk.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Thank you for what you did, my friend.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: I cut quite the dramatic figure. The
text: Regents were stunned into shamed
dialog: silence. At least that’s the way I'll
dialog: tell it to the grandkids.
dialog: 29A.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: Healthy and employed, I’1l settle for
dialog: that. I’m off.
dialog: (stands, sways from the wine)
dialog: And I believe I should walk.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Good idea.
text: Indy stands and moves to Stanforth. He fixes his jacket
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Thank you my friend, for what you did.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: I cut quite the dramatic figure.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I bet you did.
text: They move towards the door.
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: the Regents were stunned into shamed
dialog: silence. At least that’s the way I'll
dialog: tell it to the grandchildren.
text: Indy opens the front door. Stanforth turns to Indy with one last
dialog: thought .
speaker_heading: STANFORTH (cont'd)
dialog: you know, when you’re young you spend
dialog: all your time thinking “Who will I be?”
dialog: And for years you’re busy shouting at the
dialog: world “this is who I am!” But lately
dialog: I’ve been wondering -- after I’m gone,
dialog: who will they say I was?
text: Stanforth leaves. Indy looks for a moment.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Bye Charlie.
text: He closes the door.
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXT TRAIN STATION DAY
text: -- and we’re at the train station, the sound is the train’s
text: WHISTLE as it gets ready to pull out. Indy gets out of a cab in
text: the parking lot.
text: A sedan arrives with DIMITRI and his two ASSOCIATES--all dressed
text: in suits. When Dimitri looks to his associate in the back seat,
text: the man give him the “go ahead.” They pull away.
text: As Indy hurries up the steps to the platform carrying his
text: suitcase, a “Harley Davidson” MOTORCYCLE glides to a halt.
text: Indy walks down the platform between two trains. Pausing on the
text: step of his train car, he glances back to his city. And just as
text: he steps into the car, two of the men in suits slip aboard at the
text: other end of the train. They are following him.
text: After Indy finds his seat, a MOTORCYCLE RIDER in a black leather
text: jacket, jeans, boots, cap, and leather gloves cruises up the
text: platform. He seems to be looking for someone.
text: MUTT WILLIAMS is twenty, American, and impatient. As the TRAIN
text: WHISTLE blows one last time, he spots Indy.
text: Mutt whips the bike into a quick turn.
scene_heading: ON THE PLATFORM
text: The train starts to pull out of the station.
text: Mutt pulls even with Indy’s train car, and SHOUTS to him.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Hey! Mister! Hey, buddy!
dialog: (louder )
dialog: Hey Professor!
text: Indy turns.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: Are you Dr. Jones?
text: Indy nods, then look sup ahead, at the end of the platform.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You’re running out of platform, kid.
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: *
dialog: 31.
text: He turns. Mutt SHOUTS:
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You’re a friend of Dr. Oxley, right?
text: Indy turns back. He knows the name.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Harold Oxley, the archaeologist?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: They’re going to kill him.
text: Indy grabs his bag and gets off the train.
dialog: 37 Omitted
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 38
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT BERNIE’S DINER DAY
text: Saturday afternoon. Letter sweaters, saddle shoes, a juke box
text: playing “wake up Little Suzie” Mostly COLLEGE TYPES in the
text: place, but a dozen GREASERS in the back drinking beer, looking
dialog: for trouble.
text: A LETTERMEN walks up to the jukebox about to select a song. One of
text: the GREASERS puts his hand on his head and spins around, the
text: Lettermen walks back to his table
text: Indy and Mutt are in the diner, a waitress pours coffee at their
dialog: table
text: Mutt turns his hat over and picks up a photograph hands it to
text: Indy. CLOSE ON a photograph of Mutt, a few years younger,
text: standing next to a BOOKISH MAN in his mid-fifties, more buttoned-
text: down than the second floor of Brooks Brothers.
speaker_heading: INDY (0.S.)
dialog: I haven’t talked to Harold Oxley in
dialog: twenty years. We lost touch. We had a
text: falling out. He cut me off, angry about
dialog: something or other. I never found out
dialog: about what it was. Too bad, he’s a
dialog: brilliant guy. He could put you to sleep
dialog: by talking though.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: when I was a kid, that’s how I did get to
dialog: sleep. The Ox was better than a glass of
text: warm milk.(offers his hand) Name’s Mutt
dialog: Williams.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: “Mutt?” What kind of name is that?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: It’s the one I picked, you got a problem
dialog: with that?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Take it easy. What was Oxley your uncle
dialog: or something? (what was your
dialog: relationship to Oxley?)
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Kind of. My dad died in the war and the
dialog: Ox helped my mom raise me.
text: He pulls a comb from his back pocket and dips it in a glass of
text: coke on the table next to him. He runs it through his carefully
dialog: kept hair.
dialog: 32A.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You said they were going to kill him.
text: Mutt puts his comb away and leans in closer to Indy.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: About six months ago my mom got a letter
dialog: from the Ox. He was down in Peru. He
dialog: said he found some kind of skull, crystal
dialog: skull, like the one that guy Mitchell-
dialog: Hodgkins, Mitchell-Hodgkins found.
dialog: 33.
text: He turns and grabs a bottle of beer off the tray of a WAITRESS
text: serving the table next to them. (She doesn’t see.)
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: The Ox and I were obsessed with the
dialog: Mitchell-Hedges skull when we were in
dialog: college. How do you know about it?
text: Indy takes the beer from Mutt and puts it back on the Waitress’s
dialog: tray. (She doesn’t see that either.)
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You kidding? Ox could talk about that
dialog: thing till the cows came home. That’s all
dialog: he talked about. What was it, like an
dialog: idol?
speaker_heading: INDY
text: It’s a deity carving. Meso-American.
dialog: There’s a few crystal skulls in the
dialog: world. I saw one in the British Museum.
dialog: They’re impressive craftsmanship, but
dialog: that’s about it.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Oxley said the skull had psychic powers.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Like, “Stare into its eyes and it’ll
dialog: drive you crazy?”
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Laugh all you want, but Ox said he found
dialog: it this time. This was real, and he was
text: on his way to a place called Akator with
dialog: it.
text: Indy sits forward -- now he’s interested.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Akator?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Akator.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: He said that? Are you sure?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Akator, that’s what he said. (or)Yeah. What is it?
dialog: 33A.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: It’s a mythical, a lost city in the
dialog: Amazon. The Conquistadors called it El
dialog: Dorado. Supposedly the Ugha tribe were
dialog: chosen by the gods 7,000 years ago to
dialog: build a great(giant) city out of solid
dialog: gold.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: With aqueducts, paved roads, technology
dialog: that wouldn’t be sees again for another
dialog: five thousand years. Francesco de
dialog: Orellana disappeared into the Amazon
dialog: looking for it in 1546. I almost
dialog: died(myself) of typhus(myself) looking
dialog: for it. I don’t think it exists.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Why would Ox want to take the skull
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: The legend says that a crystal skull was
dialog: stolen from Akator in the fifteenth or
dialog: sixteenth century. That whoever returns
dialog: this skull to the city’s temple will be
dialog: given control over its power. (powers)
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Power? (powers) (so there is some kind
dialog: of power)What kind of power?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I don’t know, kid. It’s just a story.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: From his letter, my mom thought the Ox
text: was off his rocker. (taps his head) Smog
text: in the noggin’. Goes down to find him,
dialog: only he had already been kidnapped, and
dialog: now they’ve got her too. Ox hid(buried)
dialog: the skull somewhere, and if my mom
dialog: doesn’t come up with it, they’re gonna
dialog: kill ‘em both. She said you’d help me.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Me? What’s your mom’s name, again?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Mary, Mary williams. You remember her?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: There were a lot of Mary’s, kid.
text: Mutt slams the table and gets up.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Shut up, man, your talking about my
dialog: mother. That’s my mother. Don’t, alright,
dialog: that’s my mother!
dialog: 34A.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Look, you don’t have to get sore all the
dialog: time to prove how tough you are, okay?
dialog: Sit down, relax, please sit down. You
dialog: want my help or not?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: My mom said if anybody could find the
dialog: skull it’s you. Like you’re some type
dialog: of grave robber or something.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I’m a teacher.(I’m a professor) ( I’ma
dialog: tenure professor)
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You’re a teacher. (perfect- just our
dialog: luck, just my luck you’re a teacher.
dialog: You’re a teacher that’s a big help. That
dialog: should be a big help. You’re a teacher
dialog: great I love teachers) She called me two
dialog: weeks ago from South America, told me
text: she escaped but they were after her.
dialog: She said she’d just mailed me a letter
dialog: from the Ox, and I was suppose to give it
dialog: to you. Then the line went dead.
text: Mutt pulls an envelope from his jacket and gives it to Indy, who
text: opens it and pulls out a single page.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: I opened it. It’s pointless the thing’s
text: gibberish, though, it’s not even English
text: lettering.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Wait a minute.
text: He nods toward the soda counter-- the two bulky Guys from the
dialog: train station have followed them here.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: Those two bricks over at the counter
dialog: Are not here for the milkshakes.
text: He follows their gaze down to the letter he holds in his hand.
text: They seem awfully interested in it, suddenly alert.
text: Indy folds the letter and slips it in his jacket pocket as the
text: bulky Guys approach the table.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: who are they?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I don't know. Maybe FBI.
text: The Bulky Guys arrive at the table. They speak with Russian
dialog: accents.
dialog: 35A.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 1
dialog: Come quietly, Dr. Jones.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Make that KGB.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 1
dialog: And bring letter with you.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to the Russian)
dialog: Letter? What letter?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 1
dialog: Letter Mr. Williams just give you.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Do I look like a mailman?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 2
dialog: We don’t ask again. Come now or-
speaker_heading: CLICK!
text: Mutt has popped open a switchblade, which he holds behind his
text: folded arms, it’s long nasty blade shining in the light.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Or what?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Nice try, kid, but I think you brought a
dialog: knife --
scene_heading: CLICK CLICK!
text: Both Russians take out their handguns pointing out from their
dialog: jackets.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: -- to a gunfight.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 1
dialog: (gesturing)
text: Outside. Now.
text: Indy puts his hat on and grabs his briefcase. Mutt picks up his
text: hat, and puts his knife away. They both start to move out.
text: The Russians lead them across the crowded diner, walking slowly
text: behind them, their hands inside their coats menacingly.
text: Indy looks around, thinking wildly.
text: The pass A LETTERMEN standing, talking to a GIRL IN A POODLE
speaker_heading: eCUTDT/CACLIAY
dialog: 36A.
text: Indy looks at them, and at Mutt.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to Mutt) Punch that guy.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Who?
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (gesturing to the Letterman)
text: Joe College. Hit him. Hard.
text: Mutt gets it. He grins --
speaker_heading: MUTT
text: Hold this.(motioning with his hat)
text: -- the guy turns, and Mutt SMASHES him in the face. There are
text: SHOUTS and SCREAMS from around them as the Letterman goes down.
scene_heading: GIRL IN THE POODLE SKIRT (SASHA)
dialog: That’s my boyfriend.
text: She punches Mutt, and then the Letterman punches Mutt.
text: Mutt lands next to the GREASERS, they take off their glasses and
dialog: get ready.
text: Indy grabs the girl and pushes her aside, he hurls his suitcase
text: pushes a table, it falls blocking the Russians.
text: The Russians see what’s happening and try to move through the
text: crowd, towards Indy, -- Indy sees them approaching, he puts his
text: hat on one of the students and ducks.
speaker_heading: 2ND LETTERMAN
dialog: GET THAT GREASER!
text: THEY ALL LEAP into the fray, swinging chairs and fists. MAYHEM!
text: They leap into the fray, swinging chairs and fists. Mayhem!
text: Somebody’s tossed into the jukebox; “Wake up Little Suzie changes
dialog: over to “Shake, Rattle and Roll.”
text: Mutt and Indy take off, headed for the front door
text: The Russians fight to get to Indy and Mutt but it’s chaos now and
text: they can’t get to them before they’re out the door.
dialog: 39
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT ALLEY DAY
text: Indy and Mutt race down the sidewalk, where Mutt’s motorcycle is
text: parked. Mutt, putting on his gloves, leaps on board, Indy
dialog: thinks, fast:
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Your mom didn’t escape, they let her go.
dialog: So she could mail the letter, and you
dialog: could bring it to me and I could
dialog: translate it.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: (kicks it to life with a ROAR)
dialog: Get on Grumps, time to cut out!
text: Indy has no choice but to hop on the bike. Mutt hits the gas and
text: the bike kicks a wheelie as it ROARS out of the alley.
text: The Russians finally make it out of the diner. A girl grabs hold
text: of Russian #1’s neck. He throws her off, they look around, see
text: hem at the bikes.
text: They run down the sidewalk.
text: The Russian sedan’s SCREECH around a corner and pull up to them.
text: They get in, the cars roar out after them.
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 38A.
text: ON BOARD THE BIKE,
text: Indy clings to Mutt as the kid races through the used-to-be-
text: peaceful American streets. They’re putting distance between
text: themselves and the Russian sedan, but now a --
text: -- SECOND SEDAN ROARS out of a side street and pulls up alongside
text: them on the left. The sedan edges over toward Mutt, both driving
text: at high speed.
speaker_heading: DIMITRI
speaker_heading: BLIZHEI! (closer)
text: Mutt’s got no room to maneuver, they’re squeezing him up
text: alongside a speeding bus, they’re getting crushed. RUSSIAN ARMS
text: reach out the open back window of the sedan.
text: Indy turns and punches Dimitri, his hat flies off. The Russian
dialog: grabs hold of Indy --
speaker_heading: DIMITRI
scene_heading: SVOLOCH! (bastard) TEPER TRIMOI! (now
dialog: you’re mine)
dialog: -- and drag him right off the motorcycle!
scene_heading: INT RUSSIAN CAR DAY
text: Indy gets hauled into the back seat of the Russian sedan, but he
text: KICKS the driver, knocking off his hat, then turns and PUNCHES
text: DIMITRI, until he knocks him out. Indy crawls, toward the open
text: window on the other side of the seat.
text: THROUGH THE BACK WINDOW,
text: we can see Mutt drop behind the car, then gun the bike and speed
text: up, approaching the left side of the sedan.
text: Indy gets a hold of the window frame and boosts himself out of
dialog: the window- -
scene_heading: EXT STREET DAY
text: -- and is hanging half out of the car when Mutt ROARS up
text: alongside him.
text: Indy grabs onto the motorcycle but doesn’t quite nail the
text: landing. Hanging onto the bar on the back of the seat, he’s
text: dragged behind the motorcycle for a good fifty yards before Mutt
dialog: sees what’s going on --
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 39.
dialog: -- TAPS the brakes --
text: -- and Indy sails up into the air, over the slowing motorcycle,
text: SLAMS into Mutt’s back, and lands hard on the seat behind him.
text: The bus and sedan continue down the street as the bike peels off
text: across oncoming traffic and through an iron gate. The black sedan
text: follows crashing through the closing iron gate, breaking off the
text: gate on one side as it goes through.
text: The bike and sedan#2 continue through the courtyard and the bike
text: leads the sedan through an archway tunnel and into another open
dialog: area.
text: The sedan continues chasing the bike up to the point where the
text: bike goes through a narrow passageway with a gothic arch. The
text: passageway is too narrow and the sedan has to stop. The sedan
text: then backs away from the passageway.
text: The bike continues on through a series of archway passages as
text: people jump out of the way.
text: At the end of the last archway the bike enters the flow of
text: traffic again.
dialog: 
text: The sedan chases the bike again as it re-enters traffic until the
text: bike turns off the road...
text: Onto a smaller walkway, and then turns off the walkway and goes
text: up the stairs into the library.
text: The sedan stops and then backs out.
scene_heading: EXT BUSY STREET DAY
text: -- onto a busy street, where Mutt guns it. The #1 sedan his at
text: the corner and sees them drive by. Dimitri yells at the driver to
text: follow them. The sedan is immediately on them again giving chase
dialog: as Mutt heads for:
text: He drives through another archway and into an open field in the
text: middle of the buildings.
text: THE CENTER OF TOWN,
text: where there’s a demonstration going on, a SPEAKER, banners,
text: placards. The motorcycle zips neatly through them, but the sedan
dialog: isn’t so nimble.
text: A STUDENT leaps out of the way of the sedan and his placard SLAPS
text: across the windshield.
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK *
dialog: + %
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 39A.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SEDAN,
text: we can read the placards--as they hit the windshield.
text: Mutt gets the idea to run over the large “BETTER DEAD THAN RED”
text: SIGN. He runs the motorcycle through the pole, the sign falls on
text: the windshield. The car drives blindly, it tears apart.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 48
dialog: 40.
text: The car SMASHES into the base of a statue of Marcus Brody.
text: The crash causes the head of the statue to break off, it rolls
text: down and crashes through the windshield. It lands on the driver’s
dialog: lap.
text: Mutt and Indy watch. Mutt is happy with himself. The second sedan
text: appears out of the nearby archway. Mutt takes off, the sedan
text: chases after them.
text: As Mutt ROARS AWAY, Dimitri and the driver get out of the car.
text: The driver hands the head to Dimitri, he drops the head.
dialog: 43
dialog: 40A.
scene_heading: INT LIBRARY DAY
text: -- the school library. The bike ROARS into the main reading
text: room, sending books and magazines flying into the air. STUDENTS
text: dive out of the way, Indy SHOUTS .
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: This is the library, you’re going too
dialog: fast!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Hey, hey! Split, split. Move, move, get
dialog: out of the way!
text: Students dive out of the way, one student carrying an armload of
text: books is standing still, he screams.
text: Mutt sees him and also screams, he turns, just missing the
text: student. His wheels spin out from under him and the bike lays
text: down, right in the middle of the reading room.
text: Mutt and Indy slide across the room , crashing under the tables.
text: They come to a stop, right in front of a seated student.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Excuse me, Dr. Jones.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: I’ve got a quick question about
dialog: Hargrove’s normative culture models --
text: Mutt gets up, Indy hops on the back of the bike.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Forget Hargrove. Read Vere Gordon
dialog: Childe on diffusionism, he spent most of
dialog: his life in the field.
text: Mutt kicks the bike’s starter and it ROARS back to life.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: If you wanna be a good archaeologist you
dialog: gotta --
text: Mutt guns it and the bike takes off, Indy SHOUTING back --
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: -- GET OUT OF THE LIBRARY!
dialog: The hike ROARS awav
dialog: *
dialog: * + OK *
dialog: *
dialog: 49
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: EXT INDY’S HOUSE DUSK
text: Indy goes to the bookshelves. He pulls down a thick book, flips
text: to a section in the middle. He moves to the couch. Mutt is
text: looking around.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: is this your pad? It’s the first place
dialog: they’11 look for us, we should get out of
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Just give me a minute.
text: Indy sits and pulls Oxley’s letter from his pocket and studies
text: it. He pulls a pair of glasses from his pocket and slips them on.
text: He compares the symbols there with the symbols in Oxley’s letter
text: Mutt looks at himself in the mirror, he starts to comb his hair
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Just what I thought so. Koihoma.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: An extinct Latin American language. (he
text: grabs a small journal and a pencil) Pre-
dialog: Columbian syllabary system. See these
dialog: diagonal stresses on the ideogams?
dialog: Definitely Koihoma.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You speak it?
text: Mutt takes out a stick of gum and begins to chew.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Nobody speaks it, it hasn’t been heard
dialog: out loud in three thousand years. Might
dialog: be able to read a little --
text: He flips to another page, further in the book, also covered with
text: ancient symbols. He MUTTERS to himself, comparing the two pages
text: and scribbling on the journal.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: -- if I walk it through Mayan first.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You know, for an old man, you ain’t bad
text: in a fight.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Thanks a lot.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: So what are you, like eighty?
text: Still working, Indy laughs through the desire to punch Mutt in
text: the face. Doesn’t look at him.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hard livin’, kid. I am not recommending
dialog: it.
text: He holds up the page he’s written, reading from it.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: “Follow the lines in the earth that only
dialog: the gods can read which lead to
text: Orellana’s cradle, guarded by the living
dialog: dead.”
dialog: (an idea)
dialog: Only the gods can read.
text: He’s talking about the Nazca Lines.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What are those?
text: Indy stands and goes back to the book shelf.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Geoglyphs. Here we go.
text: He finds the book and walks back to Mutt, he flips through it,
text: searching for a certain page.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: Giant ancient drawings, scratched into
dialog: the desert floor in Peru. From the
text: ground they don’t look like anything, but
dialog: from the air (sky)-- ah!
text: He spins the book around to face Mutt, who bends over to examine
text: it. Two whole pages are devoted to serial photographs of
text: beautiful carvings in the Peruvian desert. One looks like a
text: monkey, another like a spider, a hummingbird -- and a large-
text: headed humanoid figure.
dialog: 50
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Only the gods can read them, because the
dialog: gods --
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: -- live up there.(this is before
dialog: airplanes) Oxley’s telling us the skull
dialog: is in Nazca, Peru. And it’s a good bet
dialog: the Russians are the ones who have him.
dialog: The Kremlin probably think the skull has
dialog: some potential as a weapon, that’s why
dialog: they’re after it.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: If it gets my mom back, they can have it.
dialog: Let’s go, and try not to slow me down.
text: Mutt starts to head for the door, but Indy is thinking
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Akator. That would be the find of a
dialog: lifetime.
text: Indy moves to the bedroom
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Create a reputation no politician could
dialog: touch.
scene_heading: INT INDY’S BEDROOM DUSK
text: BAM! Indy SMACKS open the closet door in his bedroom. His hat
text: is still there, in the foreground, and the whip is curled on the
text: top shelf, the handle sticking out.
dialog: 43A.
scene_heading: RETAKE 8-31-07- INT. INDY’S HOUSE- DUSK
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: So what are you , like, eighty?
text: Still working, Indy looks up holding the letter
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It’s a riddle. Leave it to Oxley to write
text: a riddle in a dead language. “Follow the
dialog: lines in the earth that only the gods can
dialog: read which led to Orellana’s cradle,
text: guarded by the living dead.”(an Idea- he
text: gets up) he’s talking about the Nazca
dialog: Lines.
text: Indy walks to back to the bookshelf.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What are those? (what are they?)
text: Indy grabs a large book.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Here we go. Geoglyphs.
text: He walks back to Mutt, flips through it, finds the page. Two whole
text: pages are devoted to aerial photographs of beautiful carvings in
text: the Peruvian desert. One looks like a monkey, another like a
text: spider, a hummingbird -- and a large headed humanoid figure.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: Giant ancient drawings, carved into the
dialog: desert floor in Nazca Peru. From the
dialog: ground they don’t look like
dialog: much(anything) but from the sky-- (he
dialog: takes his glasses off) Only the gods can
dialog: read, because only gods- (gesturing) live
dialog: up there. Oxley’s telling us the skull is
dialog: in Nazca, Peru. And it’s a good bet the
dialog: Russians have him. The Kremlin probably
dialog: thinks the skull has some potential as a
dialog: weapon, that’s why they’re after it.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Look teach, if it gets my mom back, they
dialog: can have whatever they want. Let’s
dialog: go(let’s split)
text: Mutt starts to head for the door, but Indy is thinking and stops
dialog: him.
dialog: 43B.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Akator.
text: He moves to his bedroom.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Akator. It would be the find of a
dialog: lifetime.
text: He goes to the closet.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Create a reputation no politician could
dialog: touch.
text: Indy picks up his hat- CLOSE ON THE HAT!
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: 51A
speaker_heading: 51B
speaker_heading: 51Cc
scene_heading: 43C. 10/15/07
scene_heading: BEGIN TRAVEL MONTAGE.
text: A series of dissolves takes place against a moving map with an
text: animated red line.
text: From the East Coast they make their way southwest to Mexico City,
dialog: Mexico City airport
text: Mutt’s motorcycle is being carted towards the cargo hold of a
text: ‘PANAGRA’ plane. Mutt watches them, Indy tips one of the workers.
text: Indy carries a rucksack.
text: As the red line moves toward the desert coast of Peru,
scene_heading: INT. PANAGRA PLANE-DAY
text: Mutt is busy cleaning his bike, Indy watches him, he tries to get
text: some sleep.
text: The plane continues traveling
text: Indy and Mutt are looking out the window, the plane makes a turn.
text: Indy and Mutt move to the other side of the plane. There,
text: scratched into the desert floor below, are the actual Nazca
dialog: Lines.
text: The red line reaches its end
text: The Panagra plane takes off again, revealing Indy, the bike, and
text: Mutt standing in a desert airstrip, with a few chickens running
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: NAZCA, PERU
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: * + OK *
dialog: *
dialog: 52
dialog: 44, 10/15/07
scene_heading: EXT NAZCA DAY
text: The windswept desert city of Nazca is like Casablanca -- teaming,
dialog: international, dangerous. And hot. Always, everywhere, hot
text: Mutt’s motorcycle is chained to a metal post outside a cantina at
text: the edge of a town square. Mutt’s at an outdoor table beside it
text: finishing a bottle of Coke, adding it to a pyramid of five others
text: in front of him. Looks bored, he’s been there a while.
text: Indy is nearby, speaking to a couple LOCALS in Spanish, getting
text: an animated story from them. He finishes and rejoins Mutt.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: Finally -- they saw him. Ox came
dialog: wondering into town a few months ago,
text: raving like a mad man. The police locked
dialog: him up in a sanitarium. It’s this way.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Me motto.
text: He starts walking. Mutt falls into stride alongside him.
speaker_heading: MUTT (CONT’D)
dialog: I took Spanish, man, I didn’t understand
dialog: a word of that. What was it?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Quechua. Local Incan dialect.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Where’s you learn that one?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Long story.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: I got time.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I rode with Pancho villa. A couple of his
dialog: guys spoke it.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Bull-shit!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You asked.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Pancho Villa?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Technically, I was kidnapped.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: By Pancho Villa?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It was the fight against Victoriano
dialog: Huerta.
text: Indy SPITS on the ground at the mention of Huerta’s name.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: How old were you ?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: ‘bout your age.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Your parents musta lost it, huh?.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: thins were -- a little tense at home.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Things are a little tense between me and
dialog: my mom right now.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Treat her right, kid, you only get one.
dialog: (muttered)
dialog: And sometimes not for long.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: It ain’t my problem(my fault), it’s
dialog: hers. She got P.O.ed cause I quit
dialog: school, like I’m some kind of goof or
dialog: cause I quit school.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You quit school?
dialog: 45A.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Sure, tons of ‘em. Fancy prep schools.
dialog: Teach you chess, debate, fencing: I’m
dialog: great with a blade. I just think it’s a
dialog: waste of time.
dialog: 53
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You never finished?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Nah, it’s all useless skills and the
dialog: wrong books. I mean, I love reading, Ox
dialog: made me read all the time. Now I can pick
dialog: ‘em myself, you get me.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What do you do for money?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Fix motorcycles.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Plan on doing that forever?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Maybe I will, teach. You got a problem
dialog: with that?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: No, not if that’s what you love doing,
dialog: don’t let anybody tell you any different.
text: As they head toward the hulking sanitarium at the end of the
text: street, the brim of a Panama hat rises in the foreground.
text: Somebody’s watching them. The head turns, and we get a good look
text: at him as Indy and Mutt walk away.
dialog: It’s Indy’s old friend Mac.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT SANITARIUM DAY
text: The looming facade of the sanitarium. Indy and Mutt walk toward
text: it, and Indy reads the words carved over the door
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Saint Anthony de Padua.(this is it)-
dialog: (here we are)
dialog: (sees the irony)
dialog: The patron saint of lost things.
dialog: 46A.
text: RETAKE 8-31-07 -A PERUVIAN NUN opens a gate, Indy and Mutt enter.
text: She speaks in Spanish, Indy translates, while Mutt trails them.
text: They head down the steps into a corridor in the sanitarium.
dialog: Indy and the
speaker_heading: PERUVIAN NUN (IN SPANISH)
dialog: Ne se donde esta el, pero te voy a
dialog: mostrar la celda. Vinieron hombres
dialog: armados. Hombres malos y se lo llevaron.
dialog: (I don’t know where he is, I will take
dialog: you to his cell. Armed men came. Bad men
dialog: and they took him) Estaba obsesionado
dialog: con la pintura, pintaba toda las paredes
dialog: al borde de la locura. ( he was obsessed
dialog: with painting, he painted all the walls
dialog: he was crazy)
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: She says Ox, he’s not here now(he isn’t
dialog: here)She’s going to show us the cell.
text: She doesn’t know where he is(where he
dialog: want) some men came and took him away,
dialog: man with guns. She says Oxley was
text: obsessed, deranged, drew pictures all
text: over the wall of the cell.
text: Nun continue down the corridor.
speaker_heading: PERUVIAN NUN
dialog: Estaba obsesinado con la pintura.
dialog: Pintaba todas las paredes. Lo Dejo hasta
dialog: el borde de la locura.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: She says he was obsessed, deranged, he
text: drew pictures all over the walls of his
dialog: cell.
text: MUTT looks into the cells, freaked out by the INMATES behind the
text: bars on either side of the stone hallway.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: El sabia que se me pegaba.(he knew it was
dialog: sticking to me) y lo pique, lo pique, lo
dialog: pique( and I stabbed him, and stabbed him , and
dialog: stabbed him)
text: The Nun moves ahead to a certain cell and begins to open the
text: lock. Indy takes out Oxley’s letter. He and Mutt stand nearby .
dialog: 46B.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: This riddle of Oxley’s makes no
dialog: sense”...follow the lines only the gods can
dialog: read leads to Orellana’s cradle.”
dialog: Cradle? Cradle? birth, Orellana wasn’t
dialog: born in Peru, he was born in Spain. He
dialog: was a Conquistador, he came here for
dialog: gold.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What happened to him?
speaker_heading: INDY
text: Disappeared along with six others. Their
dialog: bodies were never found.
text: The nun unlocks the door--
text: Indy and Mutt enter the cell.
dialog: 54
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT SANITARIUM DAY
text: Indy and Mutt walk down an endless corridor in the sanitarium,
text: led by a PERUVIAN NUN.
text: She and Indy converse in whispered Spanish while Mutt trails
text: them, freaked out by the INMATES behind the bars on either side
text: of the stone hallway. SCRATCHY CLASSICAL MUSIC plays on an old
dialog: record player.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: Este hombre ha pasado todo el limite de
dialog: la locura. Esta completamente
dialog: obsesionado. La obsesion fue tan grande.
dialog: que ha pasado el limite de la locura.
dialog: Esta completamente obsesionado de la
dialog: pintura. No Ha dejado una pared sin
dialog: pintar. Todo parece loco. Obsesionado
dialog: Hay Professor Jones esta completamente
dialog: transtornado. Ha pintado todas las
dialog: paredes. Es una obseion qui tiene con las
dialog: pinturas. La obsesion de este hombre
dialog: come esta transtornado no se puede
dialog: explicar. Su mente esta totalmente
dialog: transtornada. Esta obsesionado con las
dialog: pinturas en las paredes. A pintado de
dialog: dia y de noche. A dejado todo pintoado.
text: Indy takes out Oxley’s letter and reads it.
text: Suddenly one of the inmates lunges forward and grabs Mutt by the
text: jacket, he has his hands on Mutt, pulling him toward them until --
text: -- Indy’s hand clamps down on Mutt’s jacket and pulls him free.
text: The Inmate yells , in Spanish, it’s as if he’s speaking in
dialog: tongues-- some clear some not.
speaker_heading: INMATE
dialog: El venia pero you no podia v er y llegaba
dialog: la sangre. Acercaba. Agarre y lo picaba y
dialog: lo picaba y me quieria matar y lo picaba y
dialog: lo picaba. El caia ensima de mi.
text: The Nun moves quickly out of the way, Indy and Mutt follow her.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: She says Oxley was deranged. Obsessed.
text: He drew pictures all over the walls of
dialog: his cell.
dialog: 55
scene_heading: ATA. 10/17/07
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: “...follow the lines only the gods can
dialog: read... leads to Orellana’s
text: cradle.”(musing to himself)
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: “...follow the lines only the gods can
dialog: read leads to Orellana’s cradle.”
dialog: Cradle? Makes no sense, Orellana wasn’t
dialog: born in Peru, he was born in Spain. He
dialog: was a Conquistador, he came here looking
dialog: for gold.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What happened to him?
speaker_heading: INDY
text: Disappeared along with six others.
dialog: Their bodies were never found.
text: The nun stops at a certain cell, unlocks it --
scene_heading: INT CELL DAY
text: -- and swings the metal door wide open. Indy and Mutt step into
text: the room, which is about twenty feet square. Very spare, a cot, a
text: sink, two small windows, and a stone floor
text: But what immediately catches their attention is the walls.
dialog: The lady wasn’t kidding, Oxley was obsessed, and has indeed drawn
text: pictures on the stone walls of his cell.
text: Pictures of the Crystal Skull.
dialog: 48.
text: They’re EVERYWHERE. Big versions, small ones, abstracts --
text: dozens and dozens of drawings of the skull, smothering the four
text: walls. The far wall is one great big drawing, and Ox has used
text: the small square windows for the skull’s eyes.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Ox, man, what happened to you?
text: Indy turns, notices the emotion on Mutt’s face. He watches him
text: for a moment, realizing the depth of his connection with Oxley.
text: Mutt notices Indy noticing and turns away, embarrassed.
text: Indy looks back to the drawings, studying them. In the profile
text: drawings, the back of the head is elongated.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: This isn’t anything like the Mitchell-
text: Hedges skull. Look at the cranium-- the
text: elongation.
text: There’s something else written on the walls of the cell -- a
text: series of words, but not different words, they’re:
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: the same word, over and over, in
dialog: different languages.
text: Mutt finds one in Spanish and translates:
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: “Return.” Return where?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Or “what.”
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You mean the skull?
text: Indy gestures to the drawings, makes the understatement of the
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: Seemed to be on his mind.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Where was he supposed to return it to?
text: He goes back down to his notes, studying the lines from the
dialog: letter that he transcribed.
text: Indy looks down. At the floor. He notices something. Drops to
text: his knees and runs his fingertips across the floor. He finds a
text: groove there, something scratched in the floor.
text: He traces along the line, finds another, and another, somebody
text: has carved lines into the soft stone floor
text: BACK OUT IN THE HALLWAY,
text: Indy grabs a broom from the Janitor’s cart.
text: BACK IN THE CELL,
text: BAM! The broom flies at Mutt, who catches it with one hand, right
text: in front of his face.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Sweep.
text: Indy goes to the far wall and starts to climb it, hoisting
text: himself up onto the window ledge, then climbing to the next
dialog: ledge, getting higher and higher
text: When Indy’s a good ten feet off the ground, he turns back
text: looking at the area Mutt has swept clean.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Ox didn’t mean Orellana’s birthplace-
dialog: cradle means more than one thing in
dialog: Mayan, literally it’s resting place, as
dialog: in ‘final’ resting place. He meant his
dialog: grave, and that ---drawing he scratched
text: into the floor
dialog: 50.
text: Through the cloud of dust and dirt, we can see a drawing’s been
text: carved into the floor of the cell, but this elaborate rendering
text: isn’t a skull, it has the jagged peaks of burial temples and
dialog: gravestones.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: -- is the cemetery where he’s buried.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: but you said Orellana vanished. Nobody
dialog: ever found his grave.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Looks like Harold Oxley did.
text: As we stare at this outline of a specific cemetery a FLASH OF
scene_heading: LIGHTNING --
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 50A.
scene_heading: EXT CHAUCHILLA CEMETERY NIGHT
text: Mutt covers his motorcycle, in the moonlight. He is holding a
text: backpack and a flashlight, he walks up the steps and joins Indy.
text: Indy finds two shovels.
text: A hand-painted sign on a gate CREAKS in the wind:
text: MATAREMOS A LOS HUAQUEROS!
text: Mutt reads the sign:
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: “Grave robbers will be shot!”
text: Indy grins.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Good thing we’re not grave robbers.
text: He throws the one of the shovels to Mutt.
text: Lightning CRACKS behind him.
text: He turns and walks into the cemetery, as he goes through the
text: archway. Mutt follows reluctantly.
scene_heading: DEEPER IN THE CEMETERY,
text: half the graves have been strip mined, pillaged over the years
text: revealing skeletons in bizarre burial postures. There are other
text: skeletons strewn about, the place is in a state of disrepair.
text: Two skeletons have been leaned up against grave markers, right
text: out in the open.
text: It’s dark, Indy and Mutt lit only by the moon and the flickering
text: glow from the flashlight. Dirt and sand blow everywhere. As
text: they march against the wind. They walk in deeper into the
dialog: cemetery.
text: Chauchilla Cemetery is on a cliffside, partially eroded from
text: below, leaving a promontory. It’s nighttime, a thunderstorm
text: blowing in. Lightning CRACKS, and in that flash we see the Nazca
text: lines, lit up on the desert floor hundreds of feet below..
text: A SHADOWY FIGURE, which has blended into the branches, seems to
text: materialize right out of the tree. Catlike in his grace but
text: definitely human, he slinks across the tree branch, following
text: Indy and Mutt into the cemetery.
dialog: + OK + OK + * HF *
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What are we looking for?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I don’t know yet. Something that
dialog: doesn’t look right. Maybe an
dialog: antechamber off one of these open
dialog: barrows.
text: One of the skeleton creatures moves out of a hole, and starts
text: to follow them, he jumps into another hole and disappears.
text: Mutt flinches, whirling around to look behind him.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Thought I saw somethin’.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You’re jumping at shadows.
text: They’ve reached a cliff. Mutt drops his shovel into the opening,
text: and gets on a ladder.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: This way down.
text: As he is about to take a step down, the ladder disintegrates and
text: he falls flat on his back.
text: Indy looks at him for a beat, then he starts to climb down the
dialog: steps.
text: He reaches Mutt, and extends his hand.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: This way up.
text: Mutt takes his hand and gets up.
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: 52.
dialog: SLAM!
text: Indy and Mutt are knocked to the ground by A SHADOW that drops out
text: of the tree branches above. NITO kicks Indy down. Indy hits the
text: wall and falls down a set of steps to a lower ground. Nito POUNDS
text: Mutt, and immediately disappears back into a hole.
text: Mutt falls backwards, and suddenly the lone skeleton, (ERNIE)
text: comes out of the hole from behind and pounces on him!
text: We see it’s a real, living human being, dressed in a suit of bones
dialog: to disguise itself.
text: Mutt whirls the figure around, they struggle.
text: Indy reacts and gets up, he grabs the shovel and runs to Mutt.
text: Mutt ducks at the last moment, Indy hits the creature with the
dialog: shovel.
text: The bones SHATTER, revealing a human face behind.
text: Before Indy can hit again, the figure slips away under Indy’s
text: legs and trips him. He runs into another hole.
text: Mutt gets the shovel and CLICKS open his switchblade, he starts
text: to go after the figure into the hole. He hears something and
dialog: turns...
text: NITO (the 2nd warrior)comes out of the hole with a_ blowdart gun
text: he raises it and aims at Mutt..
speaker_heading: THWACK!
text: A BLOWDART hits Mutt’s shovel handle. Mutt looks at it. Nito is
text: about to fire again.
text: Mutt takes his knife flips it in his hand and hurls it--
text: -- and it grazes the Warrior’s shoulder, drawing blood, and
text: throwing off his aim. The Warrior drops the blowgun, and takes
text: the knife out from his wound. He starts to stand and cocks his
dialog: arm to hurl it a Mutt, but --
scene_heading: - -KUH-RACK!
text: Indy’s got his whip out. The lash wraps around Nito’s wrist and
text: wrenches the knife free. It THUMPS to the dirt, Nito jumps down
text: and runs into the same hole that Ernie went in. Indy sees that
text: Mutt is alright and follows Nito into the hole.
text: Mutt looks around frantically. He hits the skeleton next to him,
text: still searches for anyone coming, suddenly he senses something
dialog: and slawlyv tiirns toa see:
dialog: + OK * + OK *
dialog: + %
dialog: 53.
text: Ernie comes out from one of the arches carrying the blowdart
text: gun. He gets ready to shoot at Mutt.
dialog: --Mutt winces, he’s toast for sure--
text: -- but suddenly A HAND closes over the barrel of the blowgun --
scene_heading: -- INDY’S HAND! --
text: -- and he yanks the gun toward himself and BLOWS SAVAGELY into
text: the wrong end of the barrel.
text: The Warrior GASPS, his eyes go wide as the poison dart flies back
text: up the tube, JABS into the back of his throat, and kills him.
text: Suddenly behind Mutt another WARRIOR, holding a bone, lunges
text: toward him. Mutt is about ready to start the fight.
text: -- Indy pulls his revolver, COCKS it --
text: -- and the Warrior changes his mind, scurrying up and out of the
text: grave and disappearing into the darkness.
text: Mutt has been watching with wide eyes. He looks up and sees Indy
text: standing there, whip in one hand, gun in the other, LIGHTNING and
text: THUNDER CRACKING behind him.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You’re a teacher?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Part-time.
text: He UNCOCKS his gun.
text: Mutt picks up his switchblade. He notices there’s a smear of
text: blood on the blade.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: I never really used it before.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You did good kid.
text: Indy strips the hat and burial serape from one of the skeletons,
text: wraps the poncho around the dead warrior that just attacked them,
text: and shoves the hat down on his head. Sitting up against the wall
text: of the gave, he looks exactly like the other corpses.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: That oughta keep him for a couple hundred
dialog: years.
text: Indy sees a lantern
text: Indy and Mutt head down deeper into the cemetery. Mutt is
text: carrying the lantern.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Who were those things?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Nazca Indians.
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Or their descendants. Sure didn’t like
dialog: us poking around.
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: What are(were) they protecting?
text: They reach the bottom and enter into .....
dialog: 54a.
text: They’re at a dead end, a stone wall dotted with various niches
text: with skulls and bones, covered in cobwebs.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Dead end.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Maybe.
text: Mutt takes out his comb and begins to comb his hair. Indy catches
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Put that thing away. Give me some light
dialog: over here. (bring it over here)
text: Mutt moves closer to Indy.
text: Indy looks down, sees a couple sets of dusty footprints leading
text: to and from the wall. One of the niches in the wall has a skull
text: wedged in, and as Indy bends down for a closer look, he sees the
text: cobwebs in the skull’s nose and mouth are moving.
text: As if the skull is breathing -- or blown by circulating air
text: Indy’s face lights up. He pulls the skull out by the eye sockets,
text: and sees a looped rope inside the niche.
text: He pulls on the rope and the rocks CREAK open, revealing a narrow
text: passageway.
text: Excited, Mutt lunges backwards --
text: And lands next to one of the skeletons, his arm on top the chest.
text: -- and a dozen SCORPIONS stream out over his arms.
text: The biggest one raises its stinger and sinks it into Mutt’s
dialog: right hand.
speaker_heading: MUTT
speaker_heading: GAAAAH !
text: Indy starts to go through the opening. Mutt is jumping around
text: brushing himself, frantic, trying to get the scorpions away
dialog: from him.
dialog: *
dialog: 54B.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Dance on our own dime, will ya.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Scorpions! One of ‘em bit me! I’m gonna
dialog: die!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: How big?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Huge!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Oh, good.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: GOOD?!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (turns back) When it comes to scorpions
dialog: the bigger the better.
dialog: (another thought)
dialog: A small one bites you, don’t keep it to
dialog: yourself.
text: And he’s gone, into the tunnel.
text: Mutt follows.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: I’1l keep it to myself.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: C’mon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 61
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT TUNNEL NIGHT
text: Indy starts to go down a set of stairs, Mutt follows.
text: He gets startled -- he is facing a skeleton, buried upright in
text: recess in the tunnel walls, their arms and legs bound across
text: their chests, their dead eyes staring at him.
text: Indy, who was ahead, turns back
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: They’re not going to bite you. Let’s go.
text: They continue down the stairs, Mutt looks at the skeletons. They
text: reach the bottom, Mutt walks up to one of them, holding up the
text: lantern up to the head.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Their SKULLS! Look at their skulls man!
text: Indy comes up next to him, he shines the flashlight on the head.
text: The skull is bizarre. The back of the cranium is elongated, egg-
dialog: shaped.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: Like the drawings in Oxley’s cell. It
dialog: means we’re getting closer.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: it’s crazy. Why’s it like that?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Nazca Indiana used to bind their infants
text: head with rope to elongate their skull
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Honor the gods.
text: Indy moves towards another opening.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: No, no. God’s head is not like that,
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Depends on who your god is.
dialog: Tree antare tha ananinag
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: 55A.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL/MAYAN CALENDAR-DISC-NIGHT
text: Indy enters the opening he crawls onto a large Mayan Calendar, he
text: moves across.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Calendar, typical early Mayan.
text: As he does the disc begins to tilt up covering Mutt’s view on the
text: other end. Mutt is still holding onto the lantern in his left
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: This is(You’re) going nowhere fast.
dialog: Don’t you think we should go the other
dialog: way. Professor aren’t we suppose to be
dialog: looking for an exit. This is really a
dialog: dead end.
text: Indy reacts to the disc moving. He moves closer and looks out at
text: the other opening. Indy, goes back to Mutt. The disc tilts down
text: as he approaches Mutt opening the view.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That’s it, c’mon genius.
text: Indy starts to head back.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Bring the backpack, c’mon.
text: Mutt starts to follow Indy.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Where are we going?
dialog: + %
dialog: ee
dialog: + %
dialog: 55B.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL CRAWL SPACE-NIGHT
text: Indy throws his backpack into the crawl space. He slides in,
text: still carrying his flashlight. Mutt races to catch up to Indy in
text: the narrow space. But as he scrambles forward on his hands an
text: knees, the floor buckles and his right hand, falls deep into a
dialog: hole.
text: He claws for a grip on the sides of the floor, he gets back up
text: onto the firm ground.
text: Indy hurries back.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You alright?
text: Mutt nods.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: The earth’s (grounds) eroded out from
text: underneath us. We’re on a promontory.
text: Mutt, safe for the moment, catches his breath.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: That’s good to know.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Be careful.
text: And he’s gone again, crawling away into the tunnel, with his
dialog: backpack.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Be careful.(under his breath)
text: He starts to follow Indy.
text: Indy is staring out to the opening. Mutt comes up right next to
text: him. Indy stops him.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hold it.
text: They listen, then move out.
dialog: 62
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT UNDERGROUND CHAMBER NIGHT
text: Indy clears away the cobwebs and heads in...
text: The lantern light emerges form the darkness into an underground
dialog: burial chamber.
text: Indy comes out and looks around in awe. Mutt comes out of the
text: tunnel behind him.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: This is incredible.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Unreal.
text: Mutt starts to move forward, Indy puts out an arm to stop him
text: from trampling the place.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Don’t touch anything.
text: He waves the flashlight, exposing two sets of footprints in the
text: dust. The footprints lead down the stairs and back out again.
text: Indy and Mutt squat to get a closer look.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Somebody’s been here. Recently.
dialog: (studying the prints)
text: Two sets.
text: Mutt looks at the tracks, measure them with his hand.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Same size. Could have been the same
dialog: person, twice.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Not bad, kid.
text: Indy walks down the stairs, trying to walk in the existing
text: footprints. They lead to an object the size of a corpse, wrapped
text: in a strange, material. Indy starts to count them.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: One...two...(turns and walks across the
text: room)three (at a bottom one-lifts the
dialog: flashlight up to) four... five... six...
dialog: seven.
dialog: (gestures with the flashlight)
dialog: Orellana and his men. Might have made it
text: out of the jungle after all.
text: Indy moves to one of the bodies and tries to open the material
text: in which it’s wrapped. He tugs at it -- he puts his flashlight
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Got a knife?
text: Mutt takes out his knife and flips it in his hand. He hands it to
dialog: Indy.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Give me the light.
text: Indy starts to cut the body. He pulls the wrapping back, finds
text: another layer underneath, and pulls that back too. Indy reveals
text: the body of a SPANISH CONQUISTADOR, five hundred years old --
dialog: -- and perfectly preserved.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: It looks like he died yesterday.
text: Indeed it does -- his body is intact, his clothes, his weapons,
text: even his skin.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It’s the wrappings, they’ve preserved
dialog: him.
text: The face begins to withered away to DUST! It shrivels and rots,
text: and within ten seconds it’s a pile of dust.
text: Indy and Mutt are amazed.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What just happened?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It’s been wrapped up for 500 years. Air
text: doesn’t agree with him.
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
dialog: 57A.
text: Indy reaches inside the body.
text: He pulls free a solid gold dagger with a jewel encrusted handle
text: and holds it up to the lantern light, admiring it. Indy hands
text: Mutt his switchblade back.
text: Indy starts to put the dagger in his satchel but--
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I was going to put it back. I don’t want
dialog: to keep borrowing yours all the time.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Uh huh.
dialog: Indy returns the dagger --
text: Mutt moves to the other side of the crypt.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: is this one open already?
text: Indy joins Mutt. The cocoon is torn open.
text: There is a golden mask over the face of this corpse.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It’s him! It’s Orellana himself.
dialog: 58.
text: Indy gestures to the skeleton, festooned with gilded armor
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: they called him, the gilded Man. What an
dialog: incredible find.
text: He stops himself, furrows his brow. Something’s not right. He
text: points to the mask over Orellana’s face.
text: Indy reaches out to the mask, runs his hand along the edges.
text: He closes his fingers around the mask and pulls it away slowly,
text: revealing the skull of Orellana himself, contorted in a horrible
text: death shriek.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: His lust for gold was legendary. This is
dialog: odd..
text: Indy crosses to the other side of Orellana, and squats by his
text: side. He picks some gold coins off the floor, studies the
dialog: impressions.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Somebody already has been here and gone.
dialog: Left all this gold and (all)these
dialog: artifacts. What were they looking (Indy
dialog: starts to get up)
text: The coins are pulled by a magnetic force. They get stuck to
text: Orellana’s body.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: For....
text: Indy goes to the body, reaches down and lifts Orellana’s head
text: and torso. He hands it to Mutt.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Hold this.
text: Mutt is eye to eye with the screaming, dead face.
text: Indy looks beneath where the corpse was lying. He reaches down
text: and carefully lifts the a skull away from the corpse.
text: MUTT puts the skeleton down.
speaker_heading: + * HF *
dialog: + %
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: ---- THE CRYSTAL SKULL OF AKATOR.
text: Stunning. It was, indeed, cut form one piece of pure crystal,
text: and is completely transparent, yet multi-faceted.
text: Indy holds the Crystal Skull up to the lantern. The light prisms
text: through it, especially the eyes -- they’re lensed, the light
text: focusing through the sockets in a penetrating gaze. There
text: appears to be a second crystal, embedded in the brain cavity,
text: opal in color, standing out against the skull’s bluish tint.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Unbelievable. No tool marks... A single
text: piece of seamless quartz.
text: A coin gets stuck to the skull. Indy removes it.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: Cut across the grain, no evidence of a
dialog: lapidary wheel. It’s not possible, even
dialog: with today’s technology. It would
dialog: shatter. What is this thing?
text: As Indy turns the skull, Mutt’s eyes widen in surprise, because
text: the back of the skull’s head is egg-shaped, like the corpses
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: MUTT
text: Look at he shape of the head. Maybe to
dialog: the Nazca Indians...this was their god.
dialog: Is this the one from...
speaker_heading: INDY
text: Akator. (Indy begins to pace)Maybe the
text: Spaniards find the skull along with all
text: this other booty. They head to their
dialog: ships along the coast. Maybe the Indians
text: catch up with them, where they get to
text: squabbling amongst themselves. The
dialog: Indians wrap ’em up and buried them here.
dialog: + %
dialog: * + * HF * + % + * HF
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
speaker_heading: + eH HH HF
dialog: 59A.
text: Indy looks at the skull, then down at the footprints again,
text: thinking aloud, piecing it together
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Couple(500 centuries) hundred years
text: later Oxley shows up, finds the skull,
text: takes it away, maybe to Akator. Then he
dialog: returns it here.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: “Return, return.” Like he wrote on the
text: walls of his cell.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: He put it back where he found it. Why?
text: Mutt’s switchblade flies out of his hand and CLINKS up against
text: the skull, pulled by the metal’s magnetic force.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Crystal is not magnetic.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Neither is gold.
text: Indy looks back at the skull, staring deeply into its eyes.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What is this thing?
text: He gazes deeper, and deeper, and the skull seems to glow in
text: response, or is it just reflecting light from the lantern?
text: Indy’s eyes grow wider, he’s transfixed, and it doesn’t seem he
text: could possibly tear his eyes away from the thing.
text: Even Mutt has noticed the hypnotic quality of the skull, and he
text: steps forward to look at it, now right behind Indy --
text: -- and the floor beneath them gives way!
text: Mutt falls, but grabs hold of the leg of Orellana’s skeleton as
text: he goes down, through the floor --
speaker_heading: + * HF *
dialog: + %
dialog: 60. 10/15/07
speaker_heading: 63 OMIT
speaker_heading: 64 OMIT
dialog: 65
dialog: 61. 10/15/07
scene_heading: EXT CEMETERY DAWN
text: As dawn breaks in the cemetery, Mutt and Indy climb out of the
text: open grave. But Indy stops in his tracks, coming face to face
dialog: with --
text: UNIFORMED RUSSIAN SOLDIERS on either side.
text: Mac, Indy’s old friend, walks up to him.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Hello, Jonesy.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hello, Mac.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: 67A
speaker_heading: 67B
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 62. 10/15/07
speaker_heading: OMIT *
speaker_heading: OMIT *
speaker_heading: OMIT *
speaker_heading: OMIT *
scene_heading: EXT IQUITOS NIGHT
text: Night has fallen on the outskirts of the jungle city of Iquitos,
text: the last toehold of civilization before the Amazon. A SOVIET
text: ARMY REGIMENT is amassed in a makeshift camp on the edge of the
text: clawing jungle.
text: There are a dozen vehicles -- jeeps, trucks, one great big
text: Machine with a series of horizontal saw blades on the front, and
text: FIFTY RED ARMY SOLDIERS.
text: The Russians are a celebratory bunch, some of them grouped around
text: a bonfire where a CRAZY RUSSIAN dances wildly.
text: A small tent glows at the center of the camp, lit up by the
text: lantern-light within. There are TWO GUARDS at the flap.
scene_heading: INT TENT NIGHT
text: Inside the tent, Indy is sitting in a chair to which he has been *
text: tied. Dovchenko is watching the tent. *
dialog: 63.
text: Mac enters, holding a bottle of liquor in one hand and a cigar
text: in the other. He walks up to Indy, smiling his most winning
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You’re lucky I turned up Jonesey.
dialog: Dovchenko wanted to blow your brains out
dialog: That’s the three times I’ve saved your
dialog: life, mate.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Unshackle me and I’11 give you a big
dialog: hug.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You had a Luger pointed at the base of
dialog: your skull when we first met.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I had the situation under control.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Do you remember the amnesia darts I
dialog: pulled out of your neck in Jakarta?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Amnesia darts?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: See, you don’t remember! Take my word
dialog: for it, you owe me.
text: Mac sits down, where a reel-to-reel tape recorder is turning ona
text: table, recording every word.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What about them? What do you owe them?
dialog: After the war, when you turned -- how
dialog: many names did you give the Reds? How
dialog: many good men died because of you?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I don’t think you see the big picture,
dialog: mate.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Eventually they’re going to let me out of
dialog: this chair, comrade, and when they do I’m
dialog: going to (bust)break your nose.
text: Mac puts the bottle down and picks up the microphone.
speaker_heading: + * HF
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + * HF + %
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
dialog: 63A.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: “Comrade?” You think this is about
dialog: flags? This is about uniforms?
dialog: about lines on a map?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: it’s just about money, isn’t it?
dialog: It’s
dialog: *
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: No, not “only money,” (he drops the
text: microphone gets up and goes to Indy))a
dialog: gigantic pile of money! Don’t worry
dialog: about what the Russians will pay us,
dialog: it’s nothing compared to what’s at
dialog: Akator. An entire city of gold, it’s
dialog: what the Conquistadors were after
dialog: (looking, searching), for Dog’s sake
dialog: Jonesey! We could be richer, richer
dialog: than Howard Hughes.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Blood money. Every nickle of it.
text: Mac leans in and lowers his voice. It’s stilted, as if Mac’s
dialog: trying to tell Indy something.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I need you to see the angle here, mate,
dialog: to be smart and do the right thing. Like
dialog: in-
text: Before he can finish, the lantern light flickers as someone
text: pushes open the tent flap, letting in a breeze from outside. A
text: shadow falls across them both.
text: Indy looks up. Irina Spalko stands behind Mac, dressed in
text: Russian military fatigues.
text: Mac doesn’t need to turn around, he knows perfectly well who it
text: is. He finishes what he was saying to Indy, voice low --
speaker_heading: MAC (cont'd)
dialog: Like in Berlin. Get me? Just like
dialog: Berlin.
text: Mac heads out and walks past Spalko and Dovchenko.
speaker_heading: MAC (cont'd)
dialog: You want me to jiggle out of here, or
dialog: should I sing a song. Paddling Madeline.
dialog: (he starts to sing) I love this girl
dialog: called Madeline. I know she loves me
dialog: too, cause every night the moon shines
dialog: bright she rides in my canoe at
dialog: midnight.
text: -- and beats it out of the tent. Spalko sizes up Indy.
speaker_heading: eH FH HK
dialog: *
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + eH HH HF
dialog: 64a.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: How fortunate our failure to kill you
dialog: Dr. Jones. You survive to be of service
dialog: to us once again.
text: She walks towards the recorder
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You know me, anything I can do to help.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: “Now I am become Death, the Destroyer of
dialog: Worlds.” You recognize those words? It
dialog: was your own Dr. Oppenheimer, after he
dialog: created the atomic bomb.
text: She turns off one of the switches and continues to move around
dialog: Indy.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: He was quoting the Hindu Bible.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT-NIGHT
text: Mac steps near the fire still singing his song(Paddling Madeline
dialog: Home )
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I love this girl called Madelin. I know
dialog: she loves me too cause every night the
text: moon shines bright she rides in my canoe
dialog: at midnight.
text: He is no longer drunk, he looks back at Indy’s tent.
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: + * HF
dialog: *
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: It was nuclear intimidation. But now
dialog: this next level of weapon is ours to have
dialog: -- yours to fear.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Weapon? What weapon?
text: Spalko moves to the front and faces Indy, she leans on the chair
text: with her leg.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
text: A mind weapon. A new frontier of psychic
dialog: warfare; that was Stalin’s dream.
text: Indy looks at her like she’s nuts.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Now I know why Oxley put the skull back
dialog: where he found it. He knows you were
dialog: after it.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: That skull is no mere deity carving.
dialog: Surely you knew the moment you laid eyes
dialog: on it -- it was not made by human hands.
text: She leans forward and puts her hands on Indy’s legs.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Who made it then?
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: C’mon.
text: She looks across the tent and moves.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: that body we found in New Mexico was not
dialog: the first.
text: Spalko walks across the tent into a side tent. There is a body
text: covered on a table. She starts to clean her hands with a cloth.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: We’d already dissected two others from
dialog: similar crash sites in Soviet Union.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Saucer-men from Mars?
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: She moves to
dialog: 65A.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: The legends about Akator are all true.
dialog: Early man couldn’t have conceived it,
dialog: much less built it. It was a city of
dialog: supreme beings, with technologies and
dialog: paranormal abilities.
text: the head of the table, Dovchenko standing next to
text: her with a flashlight.
text: She uncovers
dialog: the head and
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You gotta be kidding me.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Why do you disbelief your own eyes. (Why
dialog: Do you choose not to believe your own
dialog: eyes?
text: the body and reveals the alien form. Spalko moves
text: opens the brain,exposing the crystal skull.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: The New Mexico specimen gave us hope.
dialog: Unlike the others we’d found, (this)its
text: skeleton was pure crystal. A distant
dialog: cousin, perhaps? Maybe they too were
dialog: sent to find Akator. Perhaps we’re all
dialog: searching for the same thing. There’s no
dialog: other explanations
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: There’s always another explanation.
text: Spalko washes her hands.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: he skull was stolen from Akator in the
dialog: 5th century.
dialog: ba
text: She walks back to Indy’s tent.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: Whoever returns it --
dialog: 
dialog: *
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: + eH HH HF
dialog: + %
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: 65B.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: --to the city’s temple will gain control
dialog: over its power. I’ve heard that bedtime
dialog: story before. What makes you think
dialog: Akator even exists. (But what if Akator
dialog: never existed)(It’s a legend why do you
dialog: think Akator even existed)
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Perhaps you should ask your friend that
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO
scene_heading: PRIRIDITYE PROFESSORA! (bring in the
dialog: professor)
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: We’re certain he’s been there.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Oxley. Where is he?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: + HH HH
dialog: + %
dialog: *
dialog: 70
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: EXT- RUSSIAN CAMP NIGHT
text: The Crazy Guy is still dancing around it like a madman. He’s
text: dressed in an old, battered suit, the arms and legs shredded.
text: His hair is long and wild, and he’s flinging his body around the
text: campfire with mad abandon while the Russians laugh and clap
text: mocking him.
text: A couple of he soldiers approach Oxley, grab him and take him to
dialog: the tent.
scene_heading: INT. TENT-NIGHT
text: PROFESSOR HAROLD OXLEY looks nothing like the conservative
dialog: archeology professor we saw in the photo. He’s got wild, red-
text: rimmed eyes, his cheeks are sunken and his clothes hang from his
text: skeletal form. He starts to dance with a musical pole.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Ox? Ox! It’s me, Indy.
dialog: (ox)You’re faking it, right pal?
text: Oxley won’t even look at Indy. His eyes are wild, they never
text: rest, never make eye contact. Oxley dances towards Indy.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Through eyes that last I saw in tears...
text: Indy pulls Oxley close, lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (Ox)Listen to me pal, your name is
dialog: Harold Oxley, you were born in Leeds,
dialog: England. You and I went to school
dialog: together at the University of Chicago,
dialog: and you were never this interesting! My
dialog: name is Indi-
dialog: (though it pains him)
dialog: My name is Henry Jones Junior
text: But Oxley just spins away and he’s off again, dancing around him
text: and, MUTTERING unintelligibly. Indy whirls on Mac and Spalko.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: What have you done to him?!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: We ain’t done a thing, it’s the bloody
dialog: skull.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: 66A.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: He is a divining nod that will lead us to
dialog: Akator. But we need someone to interpret
dialog: him for us. His mind, it seems, is
dialog: quite weak. Let’s hope yours is
dialog: stronger.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: ee
dialog: *
dialog: 71
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT LARGER TENT NIGHT
text: Dovchenko catches Indy’s hat. Spalko moves to a table, Indy’s
text: backpack is resting on it.
text: Spalko opens the backpack and pulls the CRYSTAL SKULL, she takes
text: it in her arms and walks towards Indy. The lamps all move
text: towards the skull.
text: Indy is in the chair still strapped, he is now wearing a strap
text: across his head, attached to electrodes to his temples and
dialog: frontal lobe.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
text: The skull’s crystal stimulates an
text: undeveloped part of the human brain,
text: opening a psychic channel.
dialog: + %
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
dialog: 68.
text: Spalko turns the skull to face Indy. The lensed eye sockets
text: catch the light and glow intensely. Spalko sits it down facing
dialog: Indy.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
text: Oxley lost control of his mind by staring
text: too long into its eyes.
text: Spalko walk to Indy.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: We believe you can get through to him
dialog: after yo have done the same.
text: She puts a hand on Indy’s cheek, stroking it, trying gently to
text: turn him toward the skull.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I got a better idea. You look at it.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: The skull does not speak to everyone, it
dialog: seems.
text: Spalko walks back to the skull.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: Surely you’re not afraid, Dr. Jones?
dialog: You’ve spent your entire life searching
dialog: for answer, think of the truth behind
dialog: those eyes.
text: She puts her hands around the skull.
text: Spalko walks to the side of the tent.
text: There is a Scientist seated at a table with a EEG monitor, she
text: walks up to the table.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: there maybe be hundreds of these skulls
dialog: at Akator, perhaps thousands. Whoever
dialog: finds them will control the greatest
dialog: natural force the world has ever known.
text: (she picks up a stopwatch-and turns to
dialog: Indy) Power over the mind of man.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Be careful. You might get exactly what
dialog: you ask for.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: I usually do.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: * + * HF
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: * + HH HH
dialog: + %
dialog: 68A.
text: Spalko starts her stopwatch.
text: Indy smiles.
text: A strange pulsing emanates from the center of the skull, brighter
text: in its eyes. Indy can’t help it, he’s drawn to it --
text: Indy looks deeply into the skull’s eyes. Immediately, the needles
text: on the EEG graph spike.
text: The light in the eyes of the skull grows brighter and Indy’s
text: stare more intense. The EEG readings increase in density.
text: Spalko takes note.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: Imagine -- to peer across the world and
dialog: know the enemy’s secrets. To place our
dialog: thoughts in the minds of your leaders --
dialog: (she moves towards Indy)-- make your
dialog: teachers teach the true version of
dialog: history, your soldiers attack on our
dialog: orders.
text: Indy couldn’t look away from the skull now if he wanted to.
text: Spalko walks around Indy.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: We’1l be everywhere at once, as powerful
dialog: as a whisper, invading your dreams
dialog: thinking your thoughts for you while you
dialog: sleep.
text: Spalko walks back to the stand where the skull is.
text: The veins in Indy’s temples swell; his heartbeat’s visible in
text: them. He can’t speak, he’s caught in the gaze of the skull.
text: The EEG needle is going batshit now, jumping all over the place,
text: scribbling a line so dense it’s almost one solid block of ink on
dialog: the paper.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont'd)
dialog: we will change you, Dr. Jones, all of
dialog: you, from the inside. We will turn YOU
dialog: into US.
text: Indy’s face is trembling now, red and flushed, and bright red
text: capillaries pop out in the whites of his eyes.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont'd)
dialog: and the best part? You won’t even know
dialog: it’s happening.
text: Indy still stares into the skull’s eyes, and he starts to mutter
text: now, directly to the skull.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Return.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: *
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 69A.
text: EXT BY THE CAMPFIRE NIGHT
text: And just as Indy says the word “return,” we cut abruptly out to
text: the campfire, where Oxley is sitting by the campfire, as if
text: hearing the word from Indy’s lips, but of course he’s too far
text: away. But he repeats it:
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Return.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: EXT BY THE CAMPFIRE NIGHT
text: And Oxley continues to stare out.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Henry?
dialog: 75
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT TENT NIGHT
text: Back in the tent, the veins in Indy’s temples throb. Mac steps
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: That’s enough! For God’s sake if he
dialog: dies we can’t get there!
dialog: Just when it seems Indy can’t take anymore --
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Cover it.
text: She stops the stopwatch.
text: Dovchenko darts in and pull a hood over the skull, breaking
text: Indy’s gaze. Mac gets close to Indy and study his blank
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Jonesey, you alright?
text: Indy looks up at him. His eyes focus and he shakes his head, his
dialog: mind clearing.
text: Mac unties Indy’s arm. The second Indy’s arm is free --
text: -- HE PUNCHES MAC IN THE FACE.
speaker_heading: MAC (cont'd)
dialog: You broke my nose!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I Told you.
text: Indy takes off the head gear, Dovchenko grabs Indy and pulls him
text: away. Spalko steps up to him, eye to eye.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Enough. You will speak to Oxley and
dialog: lead us to Akator. Yes?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Nyet.
text: Expecting that response, she immediately BARKS an order.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Take him outside.
dialog: Two soldiers leapt to attention and --
dialog: 76
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: EXT RUSSIAN CAMP NIGHT
text: Spalko comes out of the tent, followed by Dovchenko ,and_ Indy--
text: Dovchenko throws Indy his hat.. they drag Mutt out of a nearby
text: tent. They shove him roughly up alongside Indy.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You alright, kid?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: They left my bike in that cemetery!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (you don’t understand)
dialog: Yeah but are you alright?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: (you don’t understand)
dialog: They left my bike!
text: One of the Russian Soldiers holds a polished cherry wood case,
text: two feet wide, four feet long, with a molded velvet interior. In
text: the case there are several sabers and foils.
text: She selects a wicked-looking one and approaches Mutt with it,
text: clearly a threat.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: Wait! Don’t! Stop!
text: Geez, the kid panics easily. But Mutt fools us -- he pulls his
text: comb from his back pocket and runs it through his hair, gets it
text: just right. And then, to Spalko, utterly fearless:
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: I’m ready.
dialog: (to Indy)
dialog: don’t give these pigs a thing.
text: Indy smiles. Gotta love the kid’s attitude. He looks back at
text: Spalko defiantly.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You heard him.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Clearly, I have chosen the wrong pressure
dialog: point.
dialog: 71A.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: Perhaps I can find a more sensitive one.
dialog: (to two Soldiers)
dialog: Privedite zhenshchinu! (bring in the
dialog: woman )
dialog: 72.
text: We hear the soldiers grab hold of someone uncooperative, in a
text: nearby tent. We hear her VOICE before we see her
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Get your hands off me, you rotten
dialog: Russkie son of a bitch-
text: Indy’s eyes widen, he recognizes that voice, and the soldiers
text: reappear, dragging their struggling captive along with them.
text: She’s in her late forties, she’s a knockout, and she’s smarter
dialog: than you. She used to be the girl next door you had a crush on;
dialog: now she’s the woman next door you’ve always been in love with.
text: She’s MARION RAVENWOOD .
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Marion!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Indiana Jones. ‘Bout time you showed up.
text: Indy walks to Marion.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Mom!
text: Marion noticing Mutt for the first time, walks past Indy towards
dialog: Mutt.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Sweetheart! What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: (to Marion)
dialog: forget about me, are you all right?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to Mutt)
dialog: Mom
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I specifically told you --
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to Marion)
dialog: Marion is your-- mother?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: -- not toa come down here vourself!
dialog: 72A.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You never wrote in your letter...phone
dialog: calls....
dialog: *
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Marion Ravenwood is your mother?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: For God’s sake, Indy, it’s not that hard.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Yeah, I know I just, I never thought
dialog: that -
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That I have a life after you left?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That’s not what I meant-
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: A damn good life.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Well That’s good(nice)(I’m glad), I just-
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: A damn good life.(a damn good really
dialog: good damn life)(a damn good, great, good
dialog: life)
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: So have I.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Yeah? Still leaving a trail of human
dialog: wreckage, or have you retired?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Why, are you looking for a date?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: With anyone(anybody) but you.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What are you mad at me for? (why are you
dialog: so mad at me? )
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: How much time have you got?
text: Spalko joins them.
dialog: 77
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: So, Dr. Jones. You will help us? A
dialog: simple yes will do.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Aw, Marion. You had to go and get
dialog: yourself kidnapped.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Not like you did any better.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Same old same old.
text: Indy notices Mac is staring at Marion approvingly.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: EXT BY THE CAMPFIRE NIGHT
text: Harold Oxley sits, staring off into the distance intently.
text: Mac is standing nearby, he turns to the Russians with him he e
text: lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I’m giving three to one the Yank figures
dialog: him out. Who wants some.
text: The Russian nods, takes the bet. Mac takes money out of his
dialog: pocket.
text: Indy sits across from Oxley, who’s staring at him openly now, his
text: entire face lit up in a smile, as if he’s seeing Indy for the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Henry Jones Junior! Henry Jones Junior
text: Indy looks at him, amazed. It worked.
text: Spalko presses forward to hear, she is right next to Indy.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That’s right, Ox. That’s right, Ox. Now
dialog: listen to me-
dialog: 74A.
text: He grabs Indy, intently, trying to communicate something.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: “To lay their just hands on that Golden
dialog: Key... That ope’s the Palace of
dialog: Eternity.”
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: The palace of -- ?
text: Spalko steps in.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: It’s from Milton, he’s said it before.
dialog: Why?
text: Indy has no idea. He looks back at Oxley, notices his right hand
text: is tremoring, as if with palsy.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: ox. I you gotta tell us how to get to
dialog: Akator, or they're going to kill Marion.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: “Through eyes that last I saw in
dialog: tears... here in death’s dream
dialog: kingdom...”
text: Indy reaches out to still Oxley’s twitching right hand.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Harold they’re gonna kill Abner’s little
dialog: girl,! You remember Abner, don’t you?
text: Oxley urgency grows, he’s trying to get through but can’t.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: “eyes! That last I saw in- tears-”
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (getting frustrated)
dialog: You gotta tell us how we get there(to
dialog: Akator) I need specifics.
text: Indy notices Oxley’s right hand is moving faster now, detailed
text: motions not just tremors. And his fingers are pinched together
text: as if holding something.
speaker_heading: INDY (CONT’D)
dialog: (to the Russians)
dialog: Yeah, get me paper and something to
dialog: write with.!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Get some paper.
dialog: 75A.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Paper...
text: A MOMENT LATER,
dialog: 76.
text: A notebook is hurriedly passed to Indy, who flips it open to a
text: blank page. He takes Oxley’s right hand and clamps the pen
text: between his friend’s fingers, then shoves the paper under it.
text: And Oxley starts writing. He’s drawing something, a picture, and
dialog: it’s detailed.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: He’s auto-writing. Of course, I should
dialog: have seen this.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: (still staring at Indy)
dialog: Henry Jones Junior!
text: But he’s not looking at the paper, he’s staring at Indy the whole
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That’s right Ox.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: (confidentially, to Indy)
text: three times it drops.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Three times.
text: Indy looks at the page. Oxley’s drawn a crude sketch of ocean
text: waves. Oxley’s writing continues -- this time it’s a pair of
text: closed eyes.
text: Spalko and the others press in closely, to take a look. Spalko
text: looks at Indy admiringly.
text: Oxley's not slowing down. Three more sketches -- the sun with an
text: arc across a sky, a snake with a flicking tongue, and what looks
text: like a horizon.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Pictographs?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Ideograms! Keep going Ox.
text: Indy takes the book from Oxley, stands and walks to the fire pit
text: Spalko joins him.
dialog: 76A.
text: Mutt comes forward to Oxley, he sits across from him. He tries to
text: look him in the eye.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Ox?
text: But Oxley won’t look at hi, might not even be aware that he’s
text: there. Certainly doesn’t recognize him, his eyes darting all over
dialog: the place.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: C’mon, Ox, it’s me. It’s Mutt.
text: But Oxley won’t. Or can’t. There are tears in Mutt’s eyes.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: Please?
text: Indy looks at the sketches, decoding them as he speaks
dialog: 78
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I think I got it. The wavy lines, means
dialog: of course water, a closed eye means
text: sleep -- the sun with the arc over the
dialog: sky stands for “time,” duration, the
dialog: word now is “until.” The horizon and
dialog: the snake they’re close together, means
dialog: one thought (the horizon and the snake
dialog: means one thought, they’re close
dialog: together) -- the horizon (stood for)was
dialog: the world, but it didn’t mean the earth
dialog: it meant big, “great.”
text: Indy thinks like crazy, looking at the page back and forth.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: “the water sleeps, until the Great
dialog: Snake.” These aren’t just drawings,
dialog: they’re directions.
dialog: (to a Russian)
dialog: Give me a map!
text: Spalko gives the order in Russian.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: A table is brought out and a map of the Amazon is unfurled. As
text: Indy bends over the map, Mac collects a wad of cash from the
dialog: Russian Soldier he made the bet with.
speaker_heading: INDY (0.S.)
dialog: The Great snake is the Amazon,of course
dialog: but “sleeps,” what river sleeps?
text: Indy studies the map for a name, a clue, something, then stops
text: suddenly and jabs his finger down.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Here. The Sono. The Portuguese word
dialog: for sleep.
text: Everyone bends down to see, and Mac presses in close beside
dialog: Marion.
text: Indy bends over the map, fascinated now.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Yes! Good, exactly, very good!
speaker_heading: +e HH HHH HH
dialog: 78.
text: Mutt watches Indy and Spalko studying the map together
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: He wants us to follow this curve of the
text: Sono down to where it meets the Amazon
dialog: on the southeast. After that, I’m not
text: sure. a dream kingdom, eyes in tears --
dialog: I have no idea know what he means.
text: Mutt, who’s been peering slides further forward, as Indy studies
dialog: the map.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: But his route could be right, it’s a
text: completely unexplored part of the canopy.
text: Spalko bends down closer to the map --
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: See, the mapmaker only sketched in a few
dialog: rough lines-
text: -- AND MUTT Punches one of the soldiers and OVERTURNS THE TABLE.
text: It hits Spalko in the face, knocking her and Dovchenko back on
dialog: their asses.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: RUN!
text: Mutt heads towards the tent. Indy has no choice but to follow
text: Marion, Oxley and Indy all go into the tent.
text: The group runs away, Mutt comes back and grabs one of the lamps
text: and throws it on the ground. A fire starts, stopping Spalko and
text: the solders from coming through.
dialog: ee *
dialog: *
scene_heading: 78A. 10/16/07
scene_heading: 79 EXT JUNGLE DAWN
text: Mutt, Marion, Indy, and Oxley race through the jungle as the sun
text: rises, the foliage slapping and cutting at them.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: KID? WHAT THE HELL ARE WE DOING, KID?!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: They were gonna kill us!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Well, maybe!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Somebody had to do something!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Something else would have been good!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: At least I got a plan! Let’s go!
dialog: 79. 10/16/07
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: This is intolerable!
text: Oxley’s looking back over his shoulder, trying to watch the skull
text: as he moves further away from it, reaching out for it.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Harold, for God’s sake, keep up!
text: Mutt turns sharply and leads them down a narrow ravine, through a
text: thick copse of trees, and into a tiny clearing.
text: They stand there, safe for a moment, trying not to make a sound
text: as the Russian Soldiers race past them, deeper into the jungle.
text: Mutt and Oxley stand at the edge of the trees, peering through
text: and Indy and Marion are behind them.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Shhh! --
text: He stops. Indy and Marion are gone.
text: Actually, they’re not gone, they’re just two feet lower than they
dialog: were the last time he saw them.
text: And they’re up to their knees in sand.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: Mom?
text: He takes a step forward, but --
speaker_heading: INDY MARION
dialog: Stop! Keep back!
text: Mutt stops where he is, confused. And Indy and Marion sink even
text: lower, now up to their thighs.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Don’t move, honey! Moving makes space,
dialog: space will make you sink!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (pulling hard at her leg)
dialog: I think I can get -- out if --
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: STOP IT! You’re pulling against a
text: vacuum, it’s like trying to lift a car
dialog: Just stay calm!
dialog: 80. 10/16/07
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Okay, I’m calm.
dialog: (sinking)
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What is it, quicksand?!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (there’s always time to teach)
text: It’s a dry sandpit.
speaker_heading: MARION
text: I’m calm. I’m sinking, but I’m calm.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: Quicksand is a viscous mix of mud, clay,
dialog: and water,(sand, clay and water) and
dialog: depending of the fluidity it’s not as
dialog: dangerous as you might-
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (thrashing again)
text: JONES FOR PETE’S SAKE, WE’RE NOT IN
speaker_heading: SCHOOL!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: you’re right! Stay calm! There’s nothing
dialog: to worry about, unless there’s a-
text: KA-PHOOM! !
text: A huge geyser of sand suddenly spits up between them, ten feet
text: into the air, and in the resulting settling of the pit, Indy and
text: Marion sink all the way up to their chests.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: Void collapse.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: I’1l get something to pull you out!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Keep your arms up high.
text: He looks around, can’t find anything handy, and moves off into
text: the jungle, frantic. But Oxley only stares at them, bemused.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: 80A. 10/16/07
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Ox, don’t just stand there, go, get
dialog: help!
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: “Help.”
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Help.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Help.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Help
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Help.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Yes, go.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Help.
text: And without another word, he turns and walks away. Indy and
text: Marion are alone, up to their chests in sand. Marion looks at
text: him, feeling responsible.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Mutt can be a little impetuous.
dialog: 81. 10/16/07
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Not the worst quality in the wor-
speaker_heading: KA-PHOOM!
text: Another geyser of sand erupts between them, and they drop
text: further, up to their necks now. Their arms are starting to slip
text: beneath the surface of the sand, and they try valiantly to keep
text: them up. But they’re dropping deeper by the second.
text: They speak, but the constriction from the sandpit pressing in on
text: their chests makes it hard to find breath.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: ... keep you ... arms above surface...
text: the kid comes back, grab on...
text: Marion turns and looks at him, her eyes filling with tenderness.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: . Indy, his...
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: ... he’s a good kid, Marion... you *
dialog: should get off his back about school...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: .» Mutt, I mean...
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: . not everybody’s... cut out for it...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: . his... his name is Henry.
text: And even through he’s up to his neck in a deadly dray sandpit, Indy *
text: Manages to turn his head to Marion and look into her eyes.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Henry? Good name. *
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: He’s your son. *
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: My son?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Henry Jones, the third.
text: Indy looks away, thinking, all the repercussions sinking in --
dialog: and than ha tuene baal ta Marian furiane
dialog: 82. 10/16/07
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Why the HELL didn’t you make him finish
dialog: school?!
text: Before she can answer, something long and heavy comes WHIZZING
text: through the air and SMACKS into the sand between them.
text: Mutt stands at the edge of the pit, holding the other end of
text: whatever it is, but it’s dark and we can’t tell.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: MOM! GRAB ON!
text: Marion, who is slightly ahead of Indy, throws her arms over the
dialog: think, roundish shape.
text: Indy, slightly deeper in the sand, wrenches his arms free and
text: reaches for the end of the thing --
text: -- when it turns and HISSES at him. The “thing” is very long,
text: very thick SNAKE.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Are you crazy?!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Just grab on, Indy!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It’s a SNAKE!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: It’s a rat snake!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Rat snakes aren’t that big!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Well, this one is! It’s not poisonous!
dialog: Now just grab on!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Go get something else!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: LIKE WHAT?!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: some rope or something!
speaker_heading: MUTT
text: THERE’S NO SEARS AND ROEBUCK HERE, JUST
speaker_heading: GRAR A HOIDI
dialog: 83. 10/16/07
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Maybe I can touch the bottom!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: There is no bottom, now grab it!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I think I can feel it with my feet!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Grab the snake
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Stop calling it that!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What do you want me to call it? It’s a
dialog: snake, grab it!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Say rope!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Say grab the rope!!!
text: They look at each other
speaker_heading: MARION & MUTT
dialog: Grab the rope!!!
text: finally, Indy relents, reaches out, closes his eyes, and grabs
dialog: hold of the snake, just as --
scene_heading: -- KA-PHOOM!!
text: The biggest sand geyser of all erupts in the pit, and in the
text: momentary space created around them, Mutt pulls as hard as he can
text: on the other end of the black snake.
text: Indy and Marion are released from the pit and go flying to its
text: edge, collapsing in a heap on top of Mutt, arms and legs
text: entangled.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Get rid of that, son.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You are one crazy old man. Afraid of
dialog: snakes!
dialog: 83A. 10/16/07
text: TwO PAIRS OF BLACK BOOTS step into frame. Harold Oxley is
text: standing between Spalko, Mac, and two Russian Soldiers.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Why do you wanna do everything the hard
dialog: way, Jonesy?
dialog: But Oxley’s proud.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Nice, work Ox. thanks.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: “Help!”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 84. 10/16/07
speaker_heading: 80 OMITTED
speaker_heading: 81 OMITTED
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
scene_heading: 84A. 10/16/07
text: IN THE BACK OF THE TRUCK,
text: The Crystal Skull is now in a burlap bag, cinched at the top.
text: Irina Spalko opens the bag and pulls it down, revealing the eyes
text: of the skull. She bends down in front of it and focuses her
text: bright blue eyes on its crystal sockets.
text: But it has no reaction. No glow. No nothing.
text: Oxley, sitting in the back of the truck, muttering to himself,
text: watching the light dance through the trees.
text: She turns back to the skull, desperate. Why him and not me? She
text: lays her hands on either side of its face, leans even closer.
dialog: but nothing.
text: Oxley tries to reach for the skull, Spalko raises her hand to
dialog: stop him.
speaker_heading: MAC (0.S.)
dialog: Skull’s go a mind of its own, eh?
text: Spalko turns, startled. Mac is grinning.
speaker_heading: MAC (cont'd)
text: Very choosy about who it talks to.
text: Spalko cinches the bag shut.
text: IN THE FRONT,
text: She turns to
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: A lot of old cockswalop. People stare
dialog: into that thing, work themselves up ina
dialog: frenzy -- self-hypnosis, maybe something
dialog: like that, ESP? I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Telepathy already exists in man, ina
text: lesser developed form.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: are you kidding? You think everybody is
dialog: psychic?
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: You’re a gambler. Have you never played
dialog: a hung that proved correct?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: It’s just luck. I should now mine’s
dialog: usually bad.
dialog: face Mac.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: We sent a submarine under the surface
text: with a mother rabbit’s new litter on
text: board. She remained on shore while one by
text: one, the young rabbits were exterminated.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Lady, you need a new hobby.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
text: (ignoring that) Miles away, the mother’s
dialog: EEG readings showed reaction at the very
dialog: instant of death. There is without a
dialog: question an organic mind-body link shared
dialog: by all living creatures; we must control
dialog: that collective link--
text: She turns back.
text: He’s leering.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: alright, (he touches her shoulder )then
dialog: you show me. I bet you double or nothing
dialog: on my fee-
dialog: (looks into her eyes)
dialog: -- what am I thinking right now?
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + * HF *
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: + HH HH
dialog: *
dialog: + OK
dialog: 85A.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Much too easy.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Besides that. C’mon, amuse me. I’m
dialog: thinking of a question. What’s the
dialog: answer?
text: Spalko turns, raises her hand and looks him in the eye. He looks
text: back at her, his usual leer at first, but as the stare goes on, it
text: fades.
text: Spalko’s eyes are intense, hypnotic. Beautiful eyes, but so cold
text: they’re nearly white. Impossible to look away from.
text: Finally, after a long moment;
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: The answer to your question is, “If I
dialog: feel the slightest need.”
text: She makes a movement with her hand under his neck, like a sword
text: cutting his throat. Mac looks truly frightened, he sits back
dialog: silent.
text: Spalko turns around again, looking out the windshield. Oxley,
text: who’s been following the conversation, looks back at Mac,
text: wondering what the hell he asked. But Mac is rattled, in a way we
dialog: haven’t seen before.
text: Suddenly, a voice BOOMS over the jungle:
speaker_heading: MUTT (0.S.)
dialog: YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME!!!
dialog: 84
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXT/INT TRUCK DAY
text: Indy is in the back of the rear vehicle, hands tied behind his
text: back, as are Mutt and Marion. They bounce through the jungle,
text: guarded by the scowling Dovchenko. There are crates with
text: Cyrillic lettering piled all around them.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! I don’t know
dialog: how to say this. ( I didn’t want to tell
dialog: you) (I am just going to say it) Indy’s
dialog: first name is Henry just like
dialog: yours(Colin wasn’t your father-ng line
dialog: for the rest of the dialogue -indy’s
dialog: response)Indy’s your father
speaker_heading: MUTT
text: WHAT? YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME!!!RIGHT?
text: Mutt is outraged with Marion; he’s just been told the news.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: No, no, he was British, he was an RAF
dialog: pilot, my dad was a war hero, not some
dialog: school teacher!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No, sweetie. Colin was your step-
dialog: father.(step-dad) We started dating
dialog: when you were three months old. He was a
dialog: good man, but he wasn’t your father.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Wait a minute, “Colin,” as in Colin
dialog: Williams? You married him? I
dialog: introduced you!
text: Dovchenko rolls his eyes -- he doesn’t understand all of what
text: they’re saying, but he knows he’s sick of hearing it.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I think you gave up your vote on who I
dialog: marry when you decide to break it off a
dialog: week before our wedding.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It wasn’t going to work, Marion, we both
dialog: knew that. (or) We both knew that it
dialog: wasn’t going to work, Marion.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You didn’t know that, why didn’t you just
dialog: talk to me? (or) why didn’t you just try
dialog: talking to me?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Because we(or) I never had an argument
dialog: that I won.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Ha! It’s not my fault if you can’t keep
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I didn’t want to hurt you.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You failed. Didn’t you ever wonder years
dialog: ago why Ox stopped talking to you?(years
dialog: ago) He hated that you ran away.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Stop. Would you two stop ?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Yeah, Marion, let’s not make the kid
dialog: listen to Mom and Dad fight.(or) let’s
dialog: not have the kid hear mom and Dad
dialog: fight.(or) Let’s not let him see Mom and
dialog: Dad fight.
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO
dialog: For the love of God, shut in hell up!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You’re not my dad!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You bet I am, and I’ve got news for you
dialog: you’re going to go back and finish
dialog: school.
text: Dovchenko’s had it. CURSING A BLUE STREAK in Russian, he BANGS
text: his gun down on the floor and picks up a rag, spins it into a
text: tight line to use as a gag.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Am I ? What?! What happened to “there’s
dialog: not a dam(ng) thing wrong with it and
dialog: don’t let anybody tell you any
dialog: different?! speech. You don’t remember
dialog: that?
dialog: 87A.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That was before I was your father
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You’re not my father!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Oh yes he is!
text: Dovchenko enters & puts the gag on*
speaker_heading: DOVCHENKO
dialog: For the love of God, shut the hell up!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You should have told me about the kid,
dialog: Marion. I had a right to know.
text: Dovchenko enters & puts the gag on*
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You vanished after that.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I wrote.
speaker_heading: MARION
text: A year later. By then Mutt was born and
dialog: I was married.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: So why’d you bother telling me now?
text: Dovchenko enters & puts gag on *
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I thought we were gonna die!
text: Dovchenko is bending over Marion, as he finishes with the gag in
text: Marion’s mouth. The angle gives Indy the perfect opportunity to--
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Not yet!
text: --KICK HIM on his back.
text: with both feet, no less. Dovchenko falls against the side of the
text: truck, he looses his hat. He sits up and spins around, dazed, and
text: ends up in perfect striking range for Indy, He kicks him in the
dialog: face.
dialog: 88.
text: Dovchenko spins to Mutt’s side, Mutt lands a kick
text: This sends Dovchenko back to Indy again. Indy kicks him again
text: back to Mutt.
text: Mutt kicks him again towards Indy.
text: Indy is about to kick him. Dovchenko slumps to the floor,
text: unconscious.
text: Mutt grins and kicks the switchblade out of his boot, where he’s
text: hidden it. It THUNKS open on the floor of the truck
text: Mutt grabs it with his two feet and throws it to Indy.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: You got it?
text: Indy doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: Oh shit!.
text: Finally Indy gets his rope cut, he moves to them to get them
dialog: free.
dialog: 85
dialog: 89. 10/16/07
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER,
text: Indy removes the gag from Marion’s mouth, then starts to untie
text: her hands.
text: Marion looks away from Indy, grumpy. Doesn’t want to ask this,
dialog: but she can’t help herself:
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I’m sure I wasn’t the only one who moved
dialog: on with my life. There must of been
dialog: plenty of women for you over the years.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: There were a few. But, they all had the
dialog: same problem.
text: The rope breaks and her hands pop free.
text: Indy moves to the center of the truck he looks around for a way
text: out of the truck. He looks up, at the canvas roof overhead. He
text: uses the knife to cut an opening .
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: yeah, what was that?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: they weren’t you, honey.
text: Well, that just melts her. She looks at Indy.
text: Mutt’s knife blade RIPS through the canvas a d tears a hole big
text: enough for Indy to wriggle through. He pulls himself up and onto
text: the top of the truck.
dialog: 90. 10/16/07
speaker_heading: 86 OMIT
dialog: 87
dialog: 91. 10/16/07
text: INSIDE THE TRUCK
text: Mutt and Marion are staring up at Indy’s silhouette, visible
text: through the canvas as he stands atop the truck.
text: They watch the silhouette move toward the front of the truck,
dialog: leap into the air --
text: The truck swerves and SMASHES into a tree, throwing Mutt and
text: Marion forward violently.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91A.
text: IN THE CAB OF THE TRUCK
text: Indy throws the Driver out, and slides behind the wheel.
text: WITH THE CONVOY,
text: we THUNDER through the jungle, the jungle-cutter SHRIEKING and
text: GASHING its way through the foliage.
scene_heading: INT TRUCK DAY
text: Indy’s now driving the truck , he slides open the window to the
text: back of the truck. Marion slides out and joins him. She smiles at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: We have to get Oxley back, get our hands
dialog: on that skull, and get to Akator before
dialog: they do.
dialog: (to Marion)
text: Grab the wheel.
text: And like that, he’s gone, clambering into the back of the truck
text: as Marion slides over into the driver’s seat.
text: Mutt slides out and joins her.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What’s he gonna do now?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I don’t think he plans that far ahead.
dialog: *
dialog: 92.
text: A LARGE BAZOOKA emerges from the back of the truck and pokes into
text: the front seat between them, warhead first.
speaker_heading: MUTT
speaker_heading: GAH!
text: Indy leans out the opening, hoisting the bazooka up on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to Mutt)
dialog: Scooch over, son?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Don’t call me son.
text: But Mutt flattens himself against the seat as Indy swings the
text: head of the bazooka around, pointing out the passenger window.
text: Up ahead, the convoy is rounding a bend in the river, which means
text: there’s an open expanse of water between the lead vehicle, the
text: one with the saw blades, and the rear vehicle, the one Indy and
text: the others are in.
text: Indy sights over the barrel of the bazooka --
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Might wanna cover your-
dialog: - “ears” is what he means to say, but before anybody can ---
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93.
text: ON THE RIVER,
text: the explosive head of the bazooka BLASTS out the passenger window
text: of the rear truck, SCREAMS across the open water, SLAMS into the
dialog: lead truck --
text: -- and the truck EXPLODES, turning a cartwheel. Its whirling saw
text: blades are blown free, ripping through the jungle like runaway
text: airplane propellers.
scene_heading: THE SECOND TRUCK
text: swerves, narrowly missing the wreckage. Spalko and the others
text: duck as ONE OF THE WHIRRING SAW BLADES SCREAMS over their heads,
text: missing them by inches.
text: They come to a stop. Spalko stands and grabs the sack with the
dialog: skull.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: HALF THE CONVOY
text: SMASHES into itself, a chain reaction pile-up. The WHIRRING SAW
text: BLADE slices through the air over the top of the convoy, headed
dialog: toward the back, where --
text: IN THE REAR TRUCK,
text: -- Marion, Indy and Mutt duck, there is the horrible SHRIEKING
text: sound of tearing metal, and when they sit up --
text: -- THE TRUCK’S ROOF IS GONE.
text: IN THE SECOND VEHICLE,
text: Spalko holding the sack with the skull, looks back and sees the
text: contrail still hanging in the air fro the rear vehicle, where
text: Indy shot the bazooka.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Henry Jones Junior.
text: She SHOUTS to the Driver of the jeep, who pushes the accelerator
text: to the floor.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Vawn atsuda! (go, go, go)
text: As the jeep barrels through the jungle, Spalko chases it and
text: hands the sack to Mac.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
speaker_heading: ZASHCHISHCHAITE CHERIP(Protect the
dialog: skull!)
text: -- She leaps onto the jeep just behind her
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont'd)
dialog: Slyeduiti za nimi (Follow them!)
text: The Russian Soldier at the wheel keeps driving as she climbs in
text: and grabs an automatic weapon from one of the soldiers.
text: One of the soldiers (Pasha) yells after her
speaker_heading: PASHA
dialog: Who caused this?
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Jones!
dialog: 96
dialog: 94a.
text: IN THE REAR OF THE TRUCK,
text: Indy lands in the front seat of the cab, he SHOUTS to Marion,
text: who’s still driving the truck, pointing at the vehicle in front
text: of them. It’s a duck (half truck half boat) with two Russian
text: Soldiers in it.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Pull up alongside that duck!
text: Marion hits the gas and the truck gains on the duck
text: They drive by Pasha, he gets his rifle and fires at them.
text: She pulls right up next to it, the Russians on board open fire --
text: -- and Indy leaps through the air, landing in the front of the
text: Russians' duck, fighting with the Driver and the Shooter
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 95.
text: IN THE BACK OF THE TRUCK,
text: Dovchenko regains consciousness and sees the Driver and the
text: Shooter as they’re hurled out of the duck and land in the jungle
dialog: foliage.
text: He turns and sees the duck through the torn side of the truck, and
text: now Indy’s at the wheel, beckoning to Mutt and Marion to jump
dialog: aboard.
text: Mutt jumps, Marion legs go of the wheel and jumps --
text: -- and Dovchenko leaps into the front seat of the truck, taking
text: over the wheel before the truck crashes.
text: IN THE DUCK,
text: Indy hits the gas and passes the truck, quickly catching up to
text: the racing jeep with Spalko in it.
text: Spalko sees Indy approaching. She points with her right hand. *
speaker_heading: SPALKO (TO THE DRIVER) *
dialog: Idiot! On Yedit! ( he’s coming) *
text: But Spalko’s on her feet, and armed. She swings her weapon
text: around and opens fire.
scene_heading: IN INDY’S DUCK,
text: Marion sees it coming.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: GET DOWN!
text: She grabs Indy. Mutt jumps up from the back, covers Marion and *
text: pulls them down a split-second before the windshield SHATTERS.
text: Spalko keeps firing and Indy slows down, which means her weapon’s
text: BLASTING right at the jeep with Mac and Oxley and the Russian *
text: soldiers. The bullets miss them. *
text: Mac takes off his hat and checks to make sure he is alright. *
speaker_heading: MAC *
text: Bloody Russians (he taps the driver in *
dialog: the shoulder) No disrespect comrade. *
dialog: 100
dialog: 95A.
scene_heading: IN INDY’S DUCK,
text: Indy’s caught up to the lead vehicle, the jeep which has Oxley,
text: Mac, and the skull in it.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to Marion)
dialog: Ox has the skull. Marion take the wheel!
text: Marion takes over and they pull up alongside the jeep.
text: Indy starts to get up.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: That’s not fair, she drove the truck
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Don’t be a child. Find something to
dialog: fight with.
text: Indy goes to the side of the duck ready to jump.
text: Mutt begins to look around.
text: Indy waits till the soldiers are blinded by intervening foliage --
text: -- and he leaps aboard the jeep, barreling into the Soldiers .
text: One of the soldiers falls out of the duck.
text: Indy starts to get up, Mac stands up, and is promptly re-
text: introduced to Indy’s fist. Mac collapses against the
dialog: windshield.
text: Indy turns and hits the soldier on his back-(dennis) then turns &
text: hits the soldier next to him. (justin)
text: Indy turns front passenger soldier(andy) is about to hit him ,
text: Indy ducks- the soldier hits the soldier behind Indy. (justin)
text: Indy hits the soldier in the front(andy) -
text: The gunner soldier (kenny) is about to grab Indy- Indy grabs him
text: and throws him to the back-
text: Indy turns & grabs the driver’s head smashes into the steering
text: wheel knocking him out- Indy grabs hold of Mac and puts his arm
text: around his throat.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Indy, Indy. you broke my nose again!
text: Indy grabs the wheel with one hand -
dialog: 95B.
text: Indy looks up ahead, sees a fallen tree on the jungle floor
text: ahead. He swerves the jeep --
text: Marion and Mutt have been watching the fight.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: He hasn’t forgotten how to show a girla
dialog: good time eh?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Mom can’t you just think that type of
dialog: stuff ha? (don’t say it there’s no reason
dialog: for it)(don’t say it alright)
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 96.
text: IN THE JUNGLE,
text: -- which drives directly over the fallen tree --
text: IN THE JEEP,
text: -- and the jeep bounces high into the air, sending the remaining
text: Russian Soldiers flying out of it.
text: The bag containing the Crystal skull flies into the air too, and
text: is about to go sailing out of the jeep --
text: -- when Harold Oxley, who’s in the back seat, reaches up and
text: catches it like a football.
text: But behind him, a Russian Soldier has held on to the racing jeep
text: and is climbing back on board.
scene_heading: IN SPALKO’S JEEP,
text: she fires her gun again, but it’s empty.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Shurt! (shit)
text: She tosses it aside and draws her rapier.
scene_heading: IN INDY’S JEEP,
text: Indy drives with his left hand and has Mac in a head lock
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Indy!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Indy!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: MAC
text: INDY, YOU STUPID SON OF A BITCH, I’M
dialog: CIA! I practically shouted it at you in
dialog: the ten, I said “Like in Berlin!” What
dialog: were we in Berlin, mate?!
speaker_heading: INDY & MAC
dialog: Double agents, yeah?
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 96A.
text: Behind them, unseen, the Russian soldier(andy) who was clinging
text: to the back of the jeep finally hauls himself aboard.
dialog: INT THE DUCK,
text: Marion drives while Mutt, in the back, opens up a long rosewood
text: case, searching for a weapon, any weapon.
text: He finds a box of swords and grabs one. Looking up, he sees
text: Spalko’s jeep pull up alongside Indy’s, where --
speaker_heading: IN SPALKO’S JEEP
text: Spalko drives up to the duck, she SCREAMS at the soldier in
text: Indy’s jeep, in English.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Throw me the skull!
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: IN INDY’S JEEP,
text: the Soldier hears her and turns, sees the skull, in its burlap
text: bag, still in Oxley’s lap. He grabs it and tosses it to Spalko.
text: Mac immediately grabs the Soldier, PUNCHES him in the face, and
text: tosses him out of the jeep.
text: He turns goes back to Indy still pleading his case.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: You think General Ross just happened to
dialog: turn up in Nevada to bail you out? I sent
dialog: him, he’s my control agent!
dialog: He looks at Indy -- see?!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to Mac)
dialog: Why didn’t you say so before?!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: What do you want me to do, paint it on my
dialog: ass?!
text: Oxley looks back sees Spalko with the sack
text: Spalko opens the bag looks in, she cinches the bag.
text: Indy tries to catch up.
text: Spalko holds the bag up with her left hand and shows it to Indy
dialog: with a smile. --
text: -- but she senses something behind her and as she turns, she
text: hears a HISSING sound in the air --
text: She looks to see Mutt, standing on the edge of the rampaging
text: duck, holding her at rapier point.
text: Mutt swings again, and she counters the blow. Now, from their
text: standing positions atop the bouncing vehicles, they swing at each
text: other, wild vicious, barely controlled.
text: But clearly, both of them know how to handle a sword.
text: Indy keeps up with them, edging over closer to Spalko's jeep,
text: where the skull is.
dialog: + OK *
dialog: *
scene_heading: 97A. 10/16/07
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Mutt get out of there! Marion turn off!
dialog: Watch out!
text: Oxley starts to get up, Mac pushes him down.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Who does he think he is Errol
dialog: Flynn.(greaser thinks he’s Errol Flynn)
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Marion break off. (don’t take her on)
dialog: (not with her)
text: Mutt lunges at Spalko with a furious combination of lunges and
text: attacks, but she parries them easily.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: You fight like a young man -- eager to
text: begin, quick to finish.
text: Mutt attacks, one foot on each vehicle, and they start to move
text: apart. He’s clinging to both vehicles, splitting in half like a
text: wishbone. Spalko finds it amusing.
text: Indy drives his duck towards Spalko’s jeep.
text: The jeeps come together again and Spalko lunges, Mutt parries and
text: they spin around, falling backwards into each others’ vehicles.
dialog: 109
dialog: 98. 10/16/07
scene_heading: IN SPALKO’S JEEP,
text: Mutt looks down and sees the skull in the burlap bag. He grabs
text: it, turns hits the driver. Mutt gets up and shows the bag to Indy
text: approaching in his duck. Mutt starts to swing it around his head.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Hey! (on 109A) hey I got it!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Throw me the bag!
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Throw me the bag!
text: But the Russian Soldier at the wheel takes out his gun.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: He’s got a gun, watch the gun!
text: Mutt SMASHES the driver with the bag holding the skull, drops the
text: bag and the sword and they start to wrestle for the gun.
scene_heading: IN MARION’S DUCK
text: A sword RIPS through next to Marion as Spalko attacks her from
dialog: behind.
text: Marion STOMPS on the brakes and Spalko flies out of the duck, but
text: Manages to grab hold of the machine gun mounted on the front of
dialog: the vehicle.
text: The gun spins around, BLASTING shots through the windshield,
text: narrowly missing Marion.
text: As Spalko fires indiscriminately, Marion hits the gas, catching
dialog: up to --
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: SPALKO’S JEEP,
text: -- where Mutt continues wrestling with the driver. Shots go off
text: from the gun. Marion’s duck RAMS into the back end of the jeep and
text: Spalko flies back landing at Mutt’s jeep and --
scene_heading: -- THE FIGHT RESUMES.
text: Spalko turns and hits Mutt with her left, then her right, then
text: her left and another right. Quick jabs.
text: Mutt is able to grab her and throw her against the windshield. He
text: grabs the bag with the skull, and punches the driver again.
text: Spalko with her back to Mutt kicks him with her right foot right
text: on his nose.
text: Blood flows down his nose, Mutt is stunned.
text: He gets up, she kicks him on the chest, then she kicks him lower
text: She puts all her strength into one last kick, he is at the back
text: end of the jeep.
text: He falls backwards, out of the jeep --
text: -- and onto the hood of INDY’S JEEP, which Indy has just driven up
text: behind them.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Give me the bag!
text: But as he falls, the burlap bag that holds the skull flies off
text: Mutt’s hand and into Spalko’s hand.
text: She catches it and smiles back at Mutt.
speaker_heading: 99A.
text: Marion is driving through the jungle, trying to catch up. She
text: crashes into a ditch.
text: She gets out and sees that her wheel is spinning, she gets a log
text: places it under the tire and a rock.
dialog: *
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 100. 10/16/07
scene_heading: IN INDY’S JEEP,
text: Mutt climbs to his feet, ready again.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: (to Indy)
dialog: What are you lookin at, daddy-o?. C’mon
text: she’s getting away.
text: Indy hits the gas, Mutt turns, ready to leap onto Spalko's jeep,
text: but they’re in an area with a lot of low-hanging vines now and --
text: -- MUTT IS SCOOPED UP INTO THE AIR!
text: Indy, Mac and Oxley lookup for Mutt.
text: UP IN THE TREETOPS,
text: Mutt’s swept right up into the treetops, and lands, out of breath
text: and off balance, on a thick branch. He watches in panic as
text: below, the jeeps race away without him. He turns --
text: -- AND SEES FIFTY MONKEYS ARE STARING AT HIM.
text: The monkeys one by one leap onto the vines, swinging away from
dialog: Mutt.
text: Mutt grabs hold of a vine --
text: -- and swings away.
text: With the monkeys ahead of and behind him, Mutt swings on a vine
text: after vine, closing in on the convoy below.
dialog: 114
dialog: 100A.
speaker_heading: DOWN BELOW,
text: Spalko’s jeep chases Indy in the truck, and now they’re running
text: along the edge of a sheer cliff that drops five hundred feet
text: straight down to the raging Amazon.
text: Spalko SHOUTS at the Driver in Russian and slides over, taking
dialog: the wheel.
speaker_heading: SPALKO *
dialog: Shivilyiteves! (move! ) *
text: She catches up quickly and starts RAMMING into the side of Indy’s
text: jeep, to knock him off the cliff.
text: They veer perilously close.
speaker_heading: MAC *
dialog: Leave off! *
text: A Russian Soldier in Indy’s jeep, previously unconscious,
text: awakens, sees they’re about to go off the cliff, and bails out.
text: Mac follows him about to do the same changes his mind. Spalko *
text: rams into the side again. *
speaker_heading: MAC (cont'd) *
dialog: Will you please stop! *
text: UP IN THE TREES,
text: Mutt is still swinging, chasing the convoy. He grabs one last
text: vine, swings all the way to the end of its sweep --
text: IN THE JEEP,
text: -- Spalko is closing in for the final push, to knock Indy and the
dialog: others off the cliff --
speaker_heading: SPALKO *
scene_heading: DAZVIDANYA DR. JONES! (goodbye Dr. Jones) *
dialog: 101.
text: -- and Mutt swings around and lands with a CRASH in her front seat!
text: He knocks Spalko into the passenger seat and grabs the bag with
text: the skull in it.
text: Monkeys pour into the jeep, Mutt leaps over the windshield, onto
text: the hood, the Russian Soldier grabs the wheel as Mutt jumps --
scene_heading: 117 IN INDY’S JEEP,
text: -- into the back of Indy’s jeep. He drops the bag onto....
text: Oxley’s lap. He grabs the burlap bag, opens it and smiles. He
text: cinches the bag and hugs it.
text: Mutt on his back right next to Indy, giving him that hungry-for-
dialog: praise look Indy’s given so often.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Whoa.
text: Indy gives him a half-smile back -- not bad, kid.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Whoa?
speaker_heading: 118 OMITTED
speaker_heading: 119 OMITTED
scene_heading: 120 BEHIND THEM,
text: Spalko, enraged, grabs a monkey and hurls it off the cliff in
dialog: frustration.
text: 121 FURTHER BACK, IN THE JUNGLE,
text: Dovchenko is still driving the damaged truck, picking up stray
text: Russian Soldiers. They head for the cliff edge with the others.
scene_heading: 122 IN INDY’S JEEP,
text: Indy’s eyes widen as he sees a huge dirt pile up ahead, blocking
dialog: their way completely.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Whoaaaaa!
text: Spalko sees the dirt pile approaching.
text: The jeep goes airborne and SLAMS into the side of the soft dirt
dialog: mound.
dialog: 102. 10/16/07
text: A moment later, there’s a ROAR as Spalko’s jeep flies into the
text: air above them, SLAMS down on top, and RUMBLES past them, coming
text: to rest near the top of the strange dirt pile.
text: Spalko pulls a gun from the holster of one of the Russian
dialog: Soldiers.
text: Indy and his group come to and stat to move out, they see
text: Spalko with the gun aimed at them --
text: -- and AN ANT, at least five inches long, crawls out onto her
dialog: hand!
text: The ant sinks its pincers into the soft webbing between her
dialog: fingers.
text: She takes her left hand and swats the ant, blood pours out.
text: Suddenly DOZENS OF ANTS pour into the Russian vehicle, through
text: the air vents, out from around the pedals, materializing from
dialog: everywhere.
text: A THOUSAND MORE ANTS pour from the soft mount -- which is an ant
text: hill, we now realize, for red army ants, ferocious and huge.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: SIAFU! GET OUT OF HERE!
text: As TENS OF THOUSANDS OF SIAFU stream out of the ant hill, Oxley
text: grabs the burlap bag, Mac grabs Oxley, Indy grabs Mutt, and the
text: four of them take off downhill.
text: Spalko and her driver (Lee) chase them
text: but the Russian truck driven by Dovchenko ROARS out of the
text: jungle. Dovchenko leaps out of the truck and tackles Indy.
text: Dov lifts Indy off the ground,
text: Indy yells to the others to keep going.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Go! Get to the river! Go!
text: They start to fight.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 102A.
text: ON THE GROUND,
text: Oxley stumbles and falls in the mayhem.
text: Mac and Mutt barrel toward the river, but the Russians in the
text: truck pull even with them and raise their weapons. Mac and Mutt
text: are dead for sure, but just as the Russians open fire --
text: -- A RAMPAGING DUCK ROARS up in front of the Russians with Marion
dialog: at the wheel!
text: IN THE DUCK,
text: Marion ducks as the Russian GUNFIRE SCREECHES off the metal sides
dialog: of the duck.
text: But it allows Mutt and Mac to jump in from the other side,
dialog: keeping low.
text: Marion hits the gas and they take off toward the river. But they
text: soon reach a short cliff.
text: Marion stomps on the brakes and looks over the edge. She sees
text: they’re only about twenty or thirty feet above the river, and
text: there’s a large tree halfway down.
text: She turns the duck around, but she’s thinking something.
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: BACK UPHILL,
text: Indy and Dovchenko are in a fistfight for the ages, and Indy’s
text: getting his ass kicked.
text: Indy rams into Dov, they fall to the ground. Indy punches him
text: while he is on top of him. Dov pouts his left hand on Indy’s face
text: and pushes him off. Dov stands and grabs Indy by the ear- Indy
text: gets up and punches Dov, once, twice, on the third one Dov ducks,
text: Indy misses, Dov punches Indy on the side- Indy falls back to the
text: ground- Dov takes Indy’s hat off and pulls him by the hair with
text: his left hand, he punches Indy back to the ground again.
text: Worse the river of ants is heading right toward them. Just as the
text: ants are about to swarm over all of them, Oxley, who’s still on
text: the ground nearby, holds the Crystal Skull, he slowly removes the
text: covering, the light gleams off it --
text: -- and the ants immediately divide into two columns and go right
text: around them and the skull.
speaker_heading: NEARBY,
text: Spalko, on foot now with a Russian Soldier, is racing toward
text: where the fistfight’s going on.
text: But the ants overtake them. They swarm over the Soldier
text: dragging him down. Spalko moves up on a tree trunk, backing up
text: away from the ants. The ants continue to move towards her,
text: Spalko sees a vine, she jumps up and grabs it. She is hanging
text: above the ants. The ants start to make a ladder by climbing on
text: each other, trying to reach Spalko’s feet. Spalko climbs higher
text: on the vine. One ant has managed to get on her leg, Spalko snaps
text: her legs together and squashes the ant.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Idisuda! (ee-dee-soo-DAH)
dialog: *
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: + HH HH
dialog: * + % + OK
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: + eH HH HF
dialog: + %
dialog: *
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 103A.
text: BACK AT THE FIGHT,
text: Indy is now bleeding in his nose and mouth. Indy on his back
text: barely turns around and starts to crawl towards his hat, he is
text: about to pick it up but instead he picks up a large tree stick
text: with his right hand. Indy turns quickly and hits Dov with the
text: stick, and then punches him four times, Dovchenko lands flat on
dialog: his back --
text: -- in the middle of the sea of ants. They immediately overcome
text: him, going in his ears, his mouth, his nostrils -- and then start
text: biting to make holes of their own.
text: Dovchenko’s body starts to move, horizontally along the ground,
text: floating six inches above the jungle floor
text: The Russian SCREAMS as the army ants carry him away to another
text: dirt mound and drag him down into it, to devour him in peace.
text: Indy’s hat is also being carried by the ants into the anthill.
text: Indy walks up holding the skull, the ants move away, he picks up
text: his hat puts it on and moves towards Oxley
scene_heading: THE RUSSIAN TRUCK,
text: now fleeing the army ants like everybody else, reaches the edge
dialog: of the cliff Marion saw earlier.
text: The Soldiers pour out, carrying ropes and gear to rappel down the
dialog: cliff, anything to escape the ants.
text: Spalko gets out looks back, gets her rope and starts to head
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
scene_heading: Da vai, da vai, (DUHvye, DUH VYE) GO GO
dialog: Now!
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 104. 10/5/07
scene_heading: IN MARION’S DUCK
text: she sees Indy coming toward her, now carrying Oxley, who’s
text: carrying the skull, and as long as he is, there is a halo of clear
text: space around them where the ants will not go.
text: Marion cranks the wheel, pulls up alongside them, and they leap
text: in. Marion hits the wipers to clear a swarm of ants from the
text: windshield and hits the gas. Indy sees she’s headed straight for
text: the cliff edge.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Slow down!
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Slow down Mom
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Honey, you gotta stop or we’ll go off
dialog: the cliff!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That’s the idea!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: BAD idea!! Give me the wheel!
text: Marion turns to him and smiles an Indy smile.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Trust me.
text: The duck barrels straight off the edge of the cliff.
speaker_heading: IN MID-AIR
text: the duck plummets for a few seconds and
scene_heading: 131-133 CRUNCH!
text: lands in a tree, slamming to a stop in the branches. Indy turns
text: sees the Russians still rappelling down the cliff face. The
text: ants aren’t far behind, pouring over the side of the cliff in
dialog: pursuit
text: Marion hits the gas and the truck lurches, wheels spinning in the
text: branches, the trees GROANING forward with the shifting weight,
text: finally bending all the way over, to ground level.
dialog: + OK *
dialog: *
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 105. 10/5/07
text: The Russian Soldiers continue to climb down just as --
text: -- Marion’s duck breaks free and roars off, releasing the tree
text: and causing it to snap back all the way in the other direction --
text: -- and SWAT three or four of the Russian soldiers on the wall like
text: a giant fly swatter.
scene_heading: EXT AMAZON RIVER DAY
text: -- the Amazon river as A HUGE VEHICLE SPLASHES into it.
text: IN THE DUCK,
text: Marion cranks the wheel, trying to drive the thing in the raging
text: current. She turns to Indy, a huge grin on her face. Indy
text: shrugs, grumpily impressed.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Don’t ever do that again!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Yes, dear.
text: But the duck nearly goes under in a set of rapids.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER,
text: the duck’s wheels rotate flat, for flotation, and a set of
text: propellers at the rear SPIN to life, churning river water.
text: IN THE DUCK,
text: for a moment, the duck comes under control. Indy turns to Mutt,
text: grinning as they churn down river
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You learn to fence like that in prep
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Just one more useless experience.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I’m not sure I’d call that one
dialog: useless.(that’s one that turned out not
dialog: to be useless.)
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: He was fencing champ two years in a row,
dialog: but he got kicked out for betting on the
dialog: matches
dialog: 106. 10/5/07
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: It was smart. I bet on myself to win. I
dialog: made a fortune.
text: Mac grins and SMACKS Mutt on the back.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Good boy.(that’s good son)
dialog: (low, to Mutt)
dialog: Always have a little bet on the
dialog: downside, in case you wanna throw one.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Outrageous!
text: The rapids are getting heavier.
text: Mutt, SCREAMS. He yanks his hand out of the water, and here’s a
text: small, rainbow-bellied fish clamped down firmly onto one finger.
speaker_heading: MUTT
speaker_heading: PIRANHA!
text: The others all start SCREAMING too. Mutt shakes the fish off
dialog: violently.
text: Just ahead of them. Oxley SHOUTS excitedly.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: three times it drops!
text: They all look, and start SCREAMING
scene_heading: 138 THE HUGE WATERFALL
text: It’s gut-churning moment of free fall, everybody SCREAMING .
text: The duck splashes into the water and pops right back out.. they
text: are back in the rapids .
dialog: 106A. 10/5/07
speaker_heading: 139 RAPIDS
text: Mutt and Indy fell out of the duck, they climb back and settle in.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: The way down! (he points to land)
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: He means by land, he came by land.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: “Three times it drops?”
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Three times it drops!
text: He’s pointing toward the shoreline, where they can see Spalko and
text: the others, pursuing them from a pathway alongside the river that
text: parallels the river.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What’s he talking about?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: He means. (he points behind them)One!
dialog: (Then moves forward and points forward)
dialog: Two! !
text: And they look ahead, and we realize that there’s a
scene_heading: A_SECOND WATERFALL
text: And they go airborne again. More screaming freefall.
text: 140 They emerge below into the rapids again. This time Mac, Indy and
text: Mutt fell off the duck. They quickly climb back in.
text: The duck races down the river towards the THIRD FALL.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Three!
text: Oxley takes the noose from the burlap bag and puts it around his
dialog: neck.
text: Mean Girl and the soldiers see them from a ledge. Mean girl
text: watches the duck and hero crew.
text: The duck races toward the waterfall edge.
text: Indy takes off his hat, they are all still.
dialog: + %
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
dialog: 141
dialog: 107. 10/16/07
text: THE THIRD WATERFALL,
text: Really makes the other two look lame.
text: There's no hope of keeping the duck upright, the falls point
text: straight down, tossing every body out into open space.
text: They sail through the air, mercifully clear of the duck, and all
text: five of them PLUNGE into the waters of the Amazon.
dialog: But finally, some good news-- the river has mellowed out at this
text: point, and all five heads pop back up above the surface.
scene_heading: EXT RIVER BANK DAY
text: One by one, Indy, Marion, Mac, Mutt, and Oxley drag themselves
text: onto the riverbank and lie there, GASPING.
text: Indy helps Oxley to dry ground.
text: He walks over to Marion and turns her toward him, making sure
text: she’s all right. She’s soaked and breathless, but she’s fine.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Honey you alright? You okay?
text: He grabs the wheel and yanks it off her hands.
text: Indy looks at her, deep into her eyes for the first time in a long
text: time. He looks exhausted.
dialog: 108. 10/16/07
text: Oxley sits, facing away. He takes the burlap bag and places it
text: in front of him, rotating it to face in the direction he’s
dialog: looking.
text: A low-end vibration starts, barely audible at first, coming from
text: the skull. Tiny pebbles and bits of dirt on the ground around it
text: are jumping lightly into the air
text: Indy walks over to Oxley and follows his gaze. There, towering
text: above them, A GREAT STONE HEAD is carved into the cliffs on the
text: shores of the river.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Through eyes that last I saw in tears...
text: Mutt looks up suddenly, recognizing those words.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: (finishing the quote)
text: “the golden vision reappears!” It’s T.S.
dialog: Eliot! You made me read it.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: “Through eyes that last I saw in tears,
dialog: here in death’s dream kingdom, the
dialog: golden vision reappears!”
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: gold?! I’m in.
text: Mutt’s still thinking, looking up at the cliff. He sees that a
text: waterfall runs out of the left eye of the carved face.
speaker_heading: MUTT
text: Through eyes in tears, we go through the
dialog: waterfall!
text: Indy looks at him, impressed, then looks back up at the cliffs.
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 109. 10/16/07
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: This skull has to be returned. I’11 do
dialog: it. Nobody else has to come.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Who cares? That thing’s brought us
dialog: nothing but trouble. (points at Oxley)
dialog: Look what it did to him.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I have to return it.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Why you?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Because ti told(asked) me to.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: It asked(told) you to? A hunk of dead
dialog: rock?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (matter-of-fact)
dialog: What makes you think it’s dead?
text: Slowly, they all turn and look at the skull. We move in close on
dialog: it, and as we draw in --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT CLIFFS OF AKATOR DAY
text: -- dissolve to that same face, only huge, and carved in rock.
text: Indy and the others have made their way up the steep face and are
text: just beside the waterfall that spills out of the giant eye.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: 144
dialog: 110. 10/17/07
scene_heading: EXT RIVER’S EDGE DAY
text: The wreckage of the duck that Indy and the others rode over the
text: falls is washed up on the shore of the river. Irina Spalko and
text: the few remaining Russian Soldiers, their arms and necks inflamed
text: by the pincer marks of the army ants, have just hacked their way
text: through the jungle at the rive’s edge. They’re still carrying
text: the ropes and other gear they used to rappel down the cliff face
text: at the river.
text: Spalko picks up one of the diode from the floor, she glances down
text: at it. She looks out across the water and sees--
text: --the Giant Face carved into the cliffs of Akator.
text: She suddenly weakens, overcome by a powerful feeling.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
text: Into the water.
dialog: 145
dialog: 110A.
scene_heading: INT CAVE DAY
text: Indy helps Oxley get up into the cave, Marion holds onto his arm.
text: Indy leads them into the cave- Mac is holding a flashlight. The
text: are struck by a cave painting in front of them. CLOSE ON the cave
text: walls as Indy gently touches the first painting, a depiction of a
text: group of squat human figures, hands stretched aloft to the sun.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (feeling the materials)
dialog: Ochre... iron oxide....charcoal...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: How old is this?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Four, five thousand years, old as the
dialog: pyramids. Sun worshippers like the
dialog: Egyptians.
text: While Indy studies the painting, Mutt notices there are a series
text: of torch-holders in the walls. There are smears of black reside
text: above them, and Mutt runs his fingers over them. The residue
text: comes off on his skin.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: these are fresh. These were just used.
text: But the others are too distracted by the paintings to pay
dialog: attention.
dialog: 111.
text: They move to the next panel. The group of humans are looking up
text: at the sky as a figure is lowering form the heavens -- humanoid,
text: but taller, thinner, glowing.
speaker_heading: MARION
text: More worshippers.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That’s not the sun they’re worshipping
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Someone came.
text: They keep moving. There are more alien figures now, and they’re
text: moving among the human figures, building, farming.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Taught the Ugha -- farming, irrigation --
text: Oxley holding onto the burlap bag with the skull, moves into
dialog: another room he sees---
text: The next drawing a more detailed version of the visitor, just its
text: torso and cranium, in profile.
text: Oxley reaches into his bag, pulls out the Crystal Skull.
text: Indy and the rest of the group enter the room.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Ox, what is it?
text: Indy hands the torch to Mutt and approaches Oxley, he reaches for
text: the skull. Oxley is hesitant to give it up.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I understand.
text: Indy takes it and moves closer to the wall ....
dialog: CHANGED THE ACTION: new action
text: Oxley and the rest of the group enter the room. Marion moves to
text: Oxley she puts her hand on his shoulder
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Ox, what is it?
text: Indy hands the torch to Mutt and moves in front of Oxley.
dialog: 111A.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I think I understand Ox. Someone came.
text: Indy looks at the painting, mesmerized. Oxley takes the skull and
text: raises it with his right hand, creating a shadow
text: He holds it up against the painting --
dialog: -- and it’s an exact match.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: is this the same as that? (or ) Are they
dialog: the same?
text: Indy has been looking at another painting behind them.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It’s not the only one. (or) there were
dialog: more, look in a circle.
text: He moves to the next picture, a group of shots of a circle of the
text: taller figures, all grouped around a central area.
text: Oxley moves ahead of them, Indy joins him.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Show us the way, Ox.
text: Oxley moves slowly at first, then starts to pick up speed. They
text: move ahead, into a darker antechamber. It’s harder to make out
text: the paintings here, but the scale is massive.
text: They pass through the cave and into --
dialog: 146
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT CAVE ROTUNDA DAY
text: -- a large rotunda area. Above them, there are thirteen skulls
text: carved into the ceiling. As they pass underneath, one of the
text: skulls OPENS ITS EYES.
text: The eyes follow the humans passing below, and then the thin rock
text: starts to chip away as a form presses into it from above.
dialog: It’s a REAL Ugha warrior.
text: Now all the skulls start to open their eyes and we realize these
text: are surveillance perches, there’s a whole system of tunnels up
text: above them.
text: The UGHA WARRIORS SWARM DOWN FROM THE CEILING, they start to
dialog: follow Oxley and the group
text: Indy, Mac, Marion and Mutt stop they hear something.
text: Oxley up ahead stops, listens.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: “to lay their just hands on that golden
dialog: Key...that ope’s the Palace of
dialog: Eternity.”
text: He repeats is several times.
text: Marion joins him.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Shhh, listen.
dialog: They stop.
text: Indy realizes what is happening.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Let’s go. Go, go, go....
text: They all take off, barreling through the rotunda toward the
text: sliver of light at the far end.
text: -- The SHRIEKING UGHA WARRIORS ARE FLYING OWN TOWARD THE GROUP!
text: The Warrior whirls a BOLA BELT over its head (so that was the
text: whirling helicopter blade image)
dialog: 112A.
text: --UGHA WARRIORS SWARM DOWN FROM THE CEILING, jumping, swinging,
text: climbing down on vines.
text: Indy rips the bola from around Mutt’s neck, drags him to his
text: feet, and they all take off, barreling through the rotunda toward
text: the sliver of light at the far end.
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: EXT CAVE ENTRANCE DAY
text: Mayhem spills out of the mouth of the cave -- Indy, Mac, Marion,
text: and Mutt, pursued by a dozen SHRIEKING WARRIORS and WHIRLING
dialog: bolas.
text: Oxley takes off down a set of carved steps toward --
speaker_heading: -- AKATOR
text: The ruins of the city are set in a hollow depression in the center
text: of the plateau-atop-a-plateau, rimmed by clouds, with a huge, man-
text: made reservoir carved into the hilltop above it.
text: Though the jungle has grown up around it, we can see its spiral
text: design radiates out from a Great Stone Temple. The pathways are
text: smooth and straight, bordered by aqueducts which carry the water
text: flowing from the reservoir above, throughout the city, and
text: plunging down into the base of the temple itself.
text: Indy is running with Oxley, suddenly they are knocked to the
text: ground by the bolas.
text: Mac falls.
text: Marion falls. One of the holes WHAPS through the air, wraps
text: around Mutt’s neck--
text: -and SLAMS him to the floor.
text: The warriors surround Marion and Mutt. Mutt takes his knife and
text: cuts the bolas off his neck. He moves next to Marion trying to
dialog: protect her.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Indy!!!
text: Mac sees the Warriors around him and he also yells.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: JONESEY!!!
text: Indy looks around, knows they’re not going to win this fight. He
text: SHOUTS to Oxley, desperate:
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Oxley! You were here before, how did you
dialog: get past ‘em!
text: The warriors move in closer with their spears, suddenly they stop
dialog: 114.
text: Oxley gets up with the skull in his hands --
text: -- and holds it over his head.
text: The skull catches the light of the sun and refracts out through
text: the lensed eyes in brilliant beams. The light streams out
text: everywhere, through the ears, the nose, the mouth, and the low
text: HUM we heard before gets louder, the skull vibrating madly,
text: actually BLURRING in Oxley’s hands as he holds it over his head.
text: To a man, the Ugha warriors freeze in their tracks, starting at
text: the skull in terrified fascination.
text: Indy grabs onto Oxley as the Ughas shrink back.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Oxley, Marion.
text: Indy pulls Oxley along, they make their way towards Mac.
dialog: are afraid to follow them.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: C’mon Mac.
text: Mac crawls towards Marion and Mutt.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: “To lay their just hands on that golden
dialog: Key...that ope’s the Palace of Eternity.”
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You did good Ox.
text: They reach Marion and Mutt.
text: They take off, toward the temple in the distance.
text: They reach the temple and scamper up its terraced sides.
dialog: Ugha do not follow.
dialog: The Ugha
dialog: The
dialog: 149
dialog: 114A.
text: ON TOP OF THE STONE TEMPLE,
text: the group staggers onto the flat top of the temple. There’s a
text: large square box filled with sand, and a fifteen foot stone
text: obelisk lying on its side. One end of the obelisk is supported by
text: a cut-out chunk of hillside, the heavier and lying in the center
text: of the stone box.
text: Mac looks around.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: The city of gold, so where’s the gold?
text: He throws a piece of artifact on the ground in disgust.
speaker_heading: MAC (cont'd)
dialog: Look at the state of this place!
dialog: What a stupid legend. What a waste of my
dialog: time.
text: Indy is standing by the top of the steps with Oxley. Oxley goes
text: down the steps. Indy follows him.
text: Mutt squats down watching them, Marion stands next to him.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Ox was here before, but he couldn’t get
text: into the temple, so he put the skull back
text: to he cemetery where he found it.
text: Oxley bends down and picks up a handful of sand, he pours it into
text: Indy’s hand.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: “To lay their just hands on that Golden
dialog: Key... that ope’s the Palace of
dialog: Eternity.”
text: Indy grins and turns to Oxley, pointing at the obelisk
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Golden key, right?
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: This obelisk, is the key to getting into
dialog: the temple.
text: Indy leans on the obelisk
dialog: + OK *
dialog: + %
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: To lay their just hands on that golden
dialog: key...
text: Oxley starts to walk around the obelisk
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That’s it, that’s it!
text: Indy follows Oxley around the obelisk
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: That ope’s the Palace of Eternity.
dialog: Through eyes that last I saw in
dialog: tears....Here In death’s dream
text: kingdom....gold vision Reappears
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What are you doing Ox? What are you
dialog: looking for?
text: Oxley stops in front of one of the stone heads. A small trickle of
text: sand is running out from around the edges of a plug of some kind,
text: one of a series of such plugs.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: You figured(worked) this out in your
dialog: cell didn’t you Professor? Well done.
text: He gets an idea, goes to pick up a stone.
text: Mac moves in to look at the plugs.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Excuse me Professor.
text: As Mac looks at the stone, Indy , holding a huge chunk of rock
text: over his head, moves forward toward Mac, ROARING with effort.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Move please. (Just move please Mac)
text: Mac turns and reacts.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Don’t kill me!
text: Mutt’s face lights up, he gets it, he also goes to get a rock
text: Mac lunges out of the way as Indy SLAMS the rock down on the
text: square stone plug at the base of the stone box. Thee plug gets
text: loose and a stream of sand flows out of the hole.
speaker_heading: + * HF *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 115A.
text: Indy turns and gives the rock to Mac to hold. Indy removes the
text: stone head, and more sand flows out. He gets his rock back from
dialog: Mac.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Go get one of your own.
text: Mutt enters with a rock and SLAMS it into another plug. More
text: sand flows out.
text: Now Indy and Mutt move quickly from plug to plug, SMASHING them
text: with rocks, KICKING the plugs out, sand rushing onto the ground.
text: Now Mac and Marion pitch in, kicking plugs out, shoving the rocks
text: away to let the sand flow freely out of the pit.
text: Oxley is seated nearby watching them with a smile. He looks up.
dialog: 150
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: EXT THE STONE BOX DAY
text: Indy hits the last stone off the base. As the level of sand goes
text: down, the base of the obelisk, which was resting on that sand
text: also goes down.
text: Indy hears the rumble, he stand and looks to see, ten tons of
text: stone- aided only by gravity, slowly move to vertical.
text: As the base goes down, the four horizontal pillars, start to rise
text: into the air. Indy and the others watch. The four obelisk pieces
dialog: click together.
text: The floor of the pit starts to RUMBLE and GROAN
text: The rest of the sand falls away quickly from below the group,
text: they fall through with the sand onto --
text: A SET OF STAIRS in a darkened area.
text: Indy sits up.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Listen you hear that?
text: They all sit up.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: It’s not over!
dialog: 151
speaker_heading: 116A.
scene_heading: INT TEMPLE DAY
text: A mechanism trips and the steps start to retract, into the walls.
text: The group gets up and starts to descend the stairs. Oxley is in
text: front, he is holding the skull in his arms wrapped under his
text: serape. Indy is behind him. They leap as they race down, trying
text: to get to the bottom before the steps disappear completely.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Let’s go , move faster. Move, move. This
dialog: is not good. Move Ox, move. Faster Ox.
text: Indy looks back and sees that Marion is falling behind.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Go back(get) and help your mother
text: Mutt stops and waits for Marion
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Ma!
speaker_heading: MARION ;
dialog: Don’t stop for me, keep going.
text: Marion catches up, Mutt gives her his hand, they continue down.
text: As the group heads down, we drop down to their feet, to their
text: footprints, the stairs getting smaller
text: Indy puts his back against the wall, the other follow, the stairs
dialog: keep retracting.
text: Indy falls, one by one they all fall.
text: The group has landed on water. Marion is coughing.
text: Mutt sees that Oxley has lost the skull.
text: They begin their search.
text: Mac looks around for gold.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: where’s your gold mate?
text: He finds a coin, puts it away.
dialog: Indy helps Marion.
dialog: 116B.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Are you alright? (You okay?)
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Yeah.
text: Marion embraces Indy, they have a moment and look at each other
text: Suddenly Mutt comes up with a soldier skeleton and hands it to
dialog: Indy.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Here hold this.
text: He continues to search for the skull in the water. He finds it
text: and hands it to Oxley.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: Ox, here.
text: Oxley takes it and embraces it.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
text: The golden visionary reappears.
text: He covers it.
text: Mutt starts to walk away, stops.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: Let’s go.
text: He walks further away, stops and looks at Indy.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: This way?
text: Indy heads out the others follow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 116c.
scene_heading: EXT CLIFFS OVER AKATOR DAY
text: Ugha Warriors lie on the ground riddled with bullets.
text: Irina Spalko walks towards the temple.
text: At the stone steps that lead to Akator, she picks up an
text: identical DIODE flashing.
text: She looks at a tracking device in her hand.
text: She gestures and starts to go up the steps of the temple, the
text: soldiers follow her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT TEMPLE BASE DAY
text: Indy and the others move around the obelisk, they reach the other
dialog: side.
text: Indy finds a torch.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: Mac gives us a light.
text: Mac lights it with his lighter. They move into an opening.
text: They go through the tunnel and continue to move deeper into the
dialog: temple base.
text: As the group moves on, we drop down to their feet--
text: --and to the small FLASHING DIODE that one of them (MAC) has just
text: dropped in their tracks.
dialog: 117. 10/4/07
scene_heading: 153A INT CORRIDOR DAY
text: A hundred feet below ground level, Indy, Marion, Oxley, Mutt and
text: Mac enter a corridor, away from the sunlight above. But the
text: light seems to follow them, streaming through strategically
text: placed fissures in the temple walls and bouncing off smoothly
text: polished areas on the stone surfaces.
text: As they move on, they notice precious jewels, set in ornate
text: silver settings and hung upon the walls. Mac CHIPS one out of
text: the wall, drops it in his pocket, grinning to himself as he
text: studies the dozens ahead.
text: Indy leads them to a large opening, in the middle of the corridor
text: are large quartz shapes hanging in the ceiling. Mutt moves
text: closer and touches one of them.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I have no idea. (you’re asking me?)
text: Indy moves on, they all follow.
speaker_heading: * + * HF *
dialog: + %
dialog: 154
dialog: 118. 9/30/07
scene_heading: INT ANTECHAMBER DAY
text: The group come down the stairs into an opening. Indy puts the
text: torch down and heads down, the group follows him
text: The room is very different, it is full of things.
text: Mac studies the room, but it’s the bracelets and rings that he’s
dialog: interested in.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: That’s more like it!
text: They walk cross further into the room.
text: There are niches all over the wall, crammed with antiquities
text: from every era imaginable. Indy marvels at them:
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Artifacts, from every era of
dialog: mankind(early history).
dialog: Macedonian...Sumerian...
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: This place is the mother lode.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Struscan...Babylonian...
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: there’s not a museum on earth(in the
dialog: world) wouldn’t sell its soul for this
dialog: lot.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Early Egyptian.
speaker_heading: MAC
text: A dozen museums, a hundred of them,
dialog: Jonesy!
text: Mac walks away.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Collectors. (a grin) They were
text: archaeologists. (he realizes that Ox is
dialog: not next to him) Ox? , Ox?
text: Oxley walked over to the side of the chamber, there are two giant
text: doors, seemingly carved from a single giant block of iron ore.
text: He uncovers the skull, the skull starts to vibrate.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK * *
dialog: + %
dialog: 119. 10/1/07
text: Mac walks around the room and begins to fill his pockets with
dialog: coins, jewelry and precious stones.
text: Marion walks over the touches the skull, she takes her hand away.
text: Mutt joins them and also touches the vibrating skull, Indy joins
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: How do we open it?
text: Indy looks and sees the recess that is over the head of the door
text: And it’s empty.
text: Indy sizes it up, thinking.
text: He turns to Oxley and reaches for the skull. Oxley hesitates, but
text: Indy puts his hands gently on the skull.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I’1l give it back, Harold.
text: Reluctantly, Oxley lets it go.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: I promise.
text: Indy moves to the door and shoves the Crystal Skull into the
text: recess above the door. It fits perfectly, as if the recess was a
dialog: mold.
text: Immediately, the skull glows, brighter than it ever had, and all
dialog: at once--
text: Indy steps back to the group.
text: Mac joins them, he is now loaded with bracelets and rings in his
text: pockets and around his neck.
text: The doors begin to GROAN, the arrows comes down pushing the
text: balls down, the zig zag door opens. They RUMBLE open slowly, and
text: SLAM all the way to he bottom, revealing--
dialog: 155
speaker_heading: 119A.
scene_heading: INT TEMPLE HEART DAY
text: -- a blindingly lit room.
text: Indy pulls the skull free from the recess, hops back to the
text: ground, and hands it back to Oxley. They all come inside,
text: blinking at the room’s radiance.
text: It’s round, built in the style of the time, along the lines of a
text: throne room. Carved totems fill every nook and crannny.
text: And there, seated upright in a circle atop a massive circular
text: altar are THIRTEEN FLAWLESS CRYSTAL SKELETONS, nearly seven feet
dialog: tall each.
text: Oxley sees one in particular--because it has no skull atop its
text: shoulders. Oxley still holding the skull, starts to walk forward,
text: toward the altar that holds the headless body--
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: (softly, to the skull)
dialog: No more forever waiting soon now.
text: Oxley uncovers the skull and aims it towards the altar.
text: They all stare transfixed --
dialog: 120. 10/16/07
text: -- and Indy hears a CLICK behind him.
text: He turns around.
text: Mac_is pointing a gun at them.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Sorry, old son(Jonesy)
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Why don’t you make up your mind, which
dialog: side our on?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I’m getting REALLY tired of this guy.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Ya evo poimal! (got him)
text: And now, from the entrance to the final chamber --
text: -- the four Russian Soldier step into the room.
text: Indy looks back at Mac, more irritated than anything.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: So you’re what? A triple agent?
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Nah, I just lied about being a double.
dialog: (to Marion)
dialog: Don’t worry, you can come with us.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: HAH! Fat chance.
dialog: 121. 10/2/07
text: Spalko enters the room, a rush runs through her body, and she
text: looks up at the others, eyes shining.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Look at them.
text: She comes up the steps .
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
text: Still waiting. For the return of the one
dialog: who was lost.
text: She looks around the room at the twelve others.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: They’re a hive mind, one being,
text: physically separate, but with a
dialog: collective consciousness. More powerful
dialog: together than they could ever be apart.
text: She walks up to Oxley and gently takes the Crystal Skull from
text: Oxley’s hands and regards it, alas-poor-Yorick style.
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: Imagine what they’1l tell us.
text: She walks toward the altar that contains the headless body.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I can’t imagine.
text: (she turns, looks at him)
dialog: Neither could the humans who built this
dialog: temple, and neither can you.
text: She starts to climb the altar, toward the mummy.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Belief, Dr. Jones, is a gift you have
dialog: yet to receive. My sympathies.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Oh, I believe, sister. That’s why I’m
dialog: down here.
text: Atop the altar now, she raises the skull toward the mummy. A
text: Magnetic field grabs it out of her hand, pulling it forward --
text: -- and sucking it into place atop the mummy’s shoulders.
dialog: 122. 10/2/07
text: A RUMBLING rises up in the room, the bodies themselves begin to
text: vibrate.
text: Viscous fluids flow through the stone, these were living things,
text: and they’re coming back to life. The main skeleton, the one to
text: which the Crystal skull was returned, blurs and its flesh
text: returns, soft, living flesh once again, eyes that see, hands that
dialog: move.
text: Spalko backs up back to the group.
text: Oxley, who is staring at the skeleton, transfixed, moves towards
text: the altar and begins to speak, low and rapid. But it isn’t
dialog: English, it’s--
text: Indy and Spalko move next to Oxley
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
text: Mayan. He’s speaking Mayan.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: What does he say?
text: Oxley’s lips moving rapidly, strange, ancient sounds coming out
text: of his mouth.
text: Indy listens, Oxley, is still talking. Indy tries to decipher
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: He says he’s grateful, he wants--
dialog: (correcting himself, he means the
dialog: skeleton) --
text: Indy turns and looks at the skeleton.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: --it wants to give us a gift.
text: The Being seems to look right back at him. Spalko moves closer to
text: the altar.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: A big gift.
text: Spalko is speaking to the figure on the altar, low, fervent
text: almost a prayer.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: Tell me-- everything you know, I want it
dialog: all, I want to know --
text: The skeleton sees her and seems to respond.
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: * + * HF
dialog: *
dialog: + OK *
dialog: *
dialog: 122A. 10/2/07
text: Something has begun. Indy moves back next to Mutt.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
text: Spalko is transfixed. She locks eyes with the Main skeleton.
text: Marion is amazed too staring at them.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Indy, their eyes!
text: -- the RUMBLING grows louder, and the stone walls of the room
text: crack and crumble.
text: Mac knows a bad situation when he sees it. He takes off out of
text: the opening is starting to move away, he ducks out into the
text: tunnel that leads to the antechamber.
text: The sides of the room start to spin, slowly at first, but gaining
text: speed, like a centrifuge.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: What are they, space-men?!
text: Harold Oxley is suddenly and completely restored to his normal
dialog: self.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Inter-dimensional beings, in point of
dialog: fact.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (surprised) Welcome back, Ox.
text: A swirling black sinkhole forms in the center of the whirling
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: A portal! A pathway!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I don’t think we want to go that way.
text: Indy moves Oxley and Marion and pushes them out the exit.
text: Indy and Mutt wait for the room to make another circle , and then
text: they bolt for the exit.
speaker_heading: A157
speaker_heading: A158
dialog: 122B.
dialog: 10/2/07
text: The soldiers chase after them, they are sucked up into the
text: ceiling by the spinning walls. Spalko’s face glows in the
text: brilliant light of the Skull’s eyes. The walls of the room are a
text: blur of motion now. The skeletons surround her
text: But Spalko remains, still staring into the eyes again.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: I want to know! I want to know! I can
dialog: see, I can see. Cover it.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE HEART-DAY
text: In the throne room, the walls are spinning faster now,
text: continues to stare, eyes wide, temples throbbing. This
dialog: she came for.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE HEART-DAY
dialog: More Spalko
dialog: Spalko
dialog: is what
dialog: * + OK
dialog: *
dialog: 156
dialog: 123. 10/2/07
scene_heading: INT ANTECHAMBER DAY
text: Mac comes out of the tunnel and starts to head up the stairs. He
text: stops and heads back down, he starts to pick up more loot.
text: Oxley with Marion come through the tunnel. Marion wants to go
text: back, Oxley stops her.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Don’t even think about it.
text: Indy with Mutt enter the antechamber through the tunnel. Marion
text: makes sure that Mutt is alright.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: I am fine.
text: Marion goes to Indy, they embrace.
text: Mutt goes to Oxley.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: Ox? Do you know who I am?
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Multiple dimensions! Fascinating to
dialog: ponder Mutt! Mignon Thorne wrote an
dialog: interesting perspective, teased out the
dialog: notion of changeable physics --
text: Indy realizes that something is happening.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: NOT A GOOD TIME FOR THIS, OX!
text: He pushes them up the stairs. Indy stops, Mac comes up from
text: behind the artifacts.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: I winked(I always winked).
text: Indy puts his finger up.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Nyet.
text: The look at each other. Indy joins the group and they head out.
text: Mac goes back to gathering more loot.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
text: Changeable physics a bit like eddy in
dialog: water, what with hot and cold spots, see
dialog: that Thm anthinn +9
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: + * HF
dialog: *
dialog: + %
dialog: te %
dialog: 123A. 10/2/07
text: Indy stops at the top of the stairs, he turns and calls Mac.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Mac come on! Mac!
text: Mac keeps picking up more stuff. Indy goes down closer to Mac.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Mac! Now!
text: Mac looks at him, but he moves to another area and keeps picking
dialog: up things.
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Mac! Damn it!
text: Behind Mac, the black sinkhole is coming forward. Mac turns and
text: moves towards Indy, he’s pulled to the ground.
text: The sinkhole is advancing toward Mac, and the denseness of its
text: gravity is pulling him and everything else toward it--
text: Mac looks up at Indy, knows he’s in a serious jam.
text: Indy takes out his whip and throws the handle to Mac. Mac grabs
text: onto it. Mac continues to be drawn toward the pit
speaker_heading: INDY (cont’d)
dialog: Come on Mac, use your feet (legs). I
dialog: can’t do it alone.
text: Mac’s face falls, there’s no way out of this.
speaker_heading: MAC
dialog: Jonesy I’m gonna be alright.
text: He winks. He lets go of the whip, his body is immediately sucked,
text: into the void.
text: Indy falls back onto the stairs, takes one last look stands and
text: heads out with the rest of the group. The stairs right behind
text: them are behind sucked away.
dialog: 123B. 10/2/07
scene_heading: c1i58 INT. TEMPLE HEART -DAY
text: the sides of the temple room whirl faster and faster, just a blur
text: now, and Spalko tears her away from the gaze of the bodies
text: they’re facing, but when she turns around--
text: --ONE OF THE BODIES IS STANDING RIGHT BEHIND HER.
text: It seems impossible that it got there so quickly, but there are
text: its eyes, shining even BRIGHTER, so she turns again--
text: --and THERE’S TWO MORE OF THEM on the other side of her, right
text: there, eyes beaming righter still.
speaker_heading: SPALKO
dialog: COVER IT! COVER IT!
dialog: 124. 10/2/07
text: But there’s no one left to cover it and she’s in he center of a
text: circle, so everywhere she turns, there is a body standing right
text: there, its eyes burning like laser beams.
text: Spalko starts to BABBLE in that alien language the body spoke,
text: otherworldly sounds coming out of her, fast, and now she SCREAMS
text: as it all pours into her, too much, far too much, the veins in
text: her temples throb and swell --
text: -- her eyes drip blood, but she doesn’t collapse, she stays on
text: her feet.
text: Smoke curls up from her eyes, her eyeballs flutter and bounce, as
text: if her brain is boiling water and they’re floating on top of it,
dialog: she SCREAMS --
speaker_heading: SPALKO (cont’d)
dialog: I can still see!!!
text: -- GEYSERS OF FLAME burst from her eyes.
text: It flairs up, hollowing out her eye sockets, and whatever was
text: left of her eyes burns out and drips down her face, dark, black
dialog: matter --
text: -- and her arms drop to her sides, lifeless, revealing two
text: oversized, black, hollow eye sockets, just like the corpses
text: outside the door.
text: She falls to the ground, dead.
text: And at that very moment, the Thirteen Crystal Skeletons begin to
text: vanish, one by one. They don’t disappear, or get in a ship and
text: fly away, it’s more that they slip away, turning sideways and
dialog: sliding into thin air, or another dimension, or someplace we
dialog: cannot grasp.
text: The sinkhole in the center of the room both implodes and explodes
text: at the same time, sucking everything into it and expanding at the
dialog: same time.
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: 125. 10/2/07
dialog: 157
speaker_heading: C158
dialog: 126. 10/4/07
scene_heading: INT TEMPLE CORRIDOR DAY
text: Indy and the others race into the corridor with the quartz
text: hangings from the ceiling. Everything continues to get sucked
text: back into the sinkhole. Oxley’s still making his point.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Migno Thorne called them, “Post-
dialog: inflation bubbles,” assuming universal
dialog: expansion- -
text: Indy runs to one end of the hallways, the walls are EXPLODING
text: with rocks blocking the way out. Indy runs back to another
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: OXLEY (cont'd)
dialog: --and therefore random pockets of
dialog: extrinsic physics--
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Ox!
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Ox shut up!
text: Indy takes off, they all follow.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE CORRIDOR DAY
text: Indy and the group come out to an opening.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: (finishing)-- different realities could
dialog: reside in the same space at the same
text: time, completely unaware of one another
text: They see a huge set of sets, with huge turbines on both sides. The
text: group heads up. The turbines crashing behind them, water pouring
dialog: everywhere.
text: They reach the top and go around another set of turbines.
text: The group continue to run. Just then, with a great CRACK, the
text: walls around them split and water races towards them.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
dialog: 127. 10/2/07
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 128. 10/17/07
scene_heading: INT TEMPLE - ASCENDING TUNNEL DAY
text: They race through an ascending tunnel. Its walls are made of
text: quartz, and through it they can see thousands of tons of water
text: flowing around them.
text: They reach a dead end. They look up and see an opening. RUMBLING
text: of water gets louder towards them .
text: Water cascades into the quartz tunnel, ROARING up behind them.
text: It overtakes them, sweeping them along, the tunnel fills up- and
text: a whirlpool begins- forcing them upward --they swirl all the way
dialog: up --
scene_heading: EXT AKATOR DUSK
text: -- and EXPLODING out the top of the tunnel, some distance away
text: form the temple itself. They land on the side of the cliffs that
text: surround Akator, a short distance from the top.
text: Behind them, the Great Stone Temple is crumbling, collapsing into
text: its center area, debris of all kinds whirling as if in a gigantic
dialog: centrifuge.
scene_heading: EXT PLATEAU - ABOVE AKATOR DUSK
text: The four survivors scramble up a small incline as_ behind them,
text: the Great Stone Temple completely flattens with a gigantic BOOM,
text: devastating the entire plateau as its great weight drops all at
text: once, filling the space created by the giant sinkhole.
text: The four survivors duck for cover, behind the rocks.
text: The huge cloud of whirling debris still spins around a glowing
text: orb in the center, it’s the base of the temple, the spinning,
text: shining, silvery walls that surrounded the temple room.
text: But now the orb itself turns sideways and vanishes, and as it
text: does, the giant cloud of debris is sucked onto the tiny dot into
text: which the orb disappeared, leaving not a speck of dust behind as
text: evidence. When this last bit of support is yanked from the
text: landscape, the cliffs around it collapse and, with a sound like a
dialog: bedsheet RIPPING in half --
text: -- the great reservoir on the hillside across from them CRACKS in
text: half, sending its ocean of water cascading down over the ruins of
text: the city, flowing over the rubble and filling up the space, like
text: the Red Sea flowing back into place.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
dialog: 129. 10/17/07
text: Indy, Marion, Mutt, and Oxley collapsed on the hillside as the
text: churning waters settle, turning what was once the greatest city
dialog: of all time into a peaceful mountain lake
text: Indy stands and looks out.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Did you see that?
speaker_heading: OXLEY
text: Like a broom to their footprints...
text: It’s dusk now, and the first stars are coming out. Slowly, the
text: sounds of the jungle return.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Where did they go?
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Space?
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Not into space. Into the space --
dialog: -- between spaces.
text: Indy looks at his frail, scholarly old friend is wonder.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: (looking down at the ruins)
dialog: I don’t get it. The legend said it was
dialog: suppose to be a city of gold.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: The Ugha word for gold translates as
dialog: “treasure.” But the treasure wasn’t
dialog: gold, it was knowledge. Knowledge was
dialog: their treasure.
text: Marion walks up to Mutt and touches his face near the wide gash
text: that has re-opened down his right cheek.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Oh, honey, you’re going to have a nasty
dialog: scar.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: I know.
text: Indy moves back and leans against a rock, everything hurts
text: everywhere. He motions for Marion to join him, she sits next to
text: him. They look at each other and embrace.
dialog: 130. 10/17/07
text: It’s getting dark.
speaker_heading: MUTT (cont’d)
dialog: what, we’re just gonna sit here?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Night falls quick in the jungle, kid.
dialog: You don’t want to climb down the
text: mountain in the dark.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: No, I can. Who’s coming with me?
text: He heads down the steps.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Why don’t you stick around, Junior?
text: Mutt stops, turns and looks at Indy.
speaker_heading: MUTT
dialog: I don’t know, why didn’t you, Dad?
text: Oxley turns and looks at them, sweetly puzzled again.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
text: “Dad?” (looking at Indy, then turns and
dialog: looks at Mutt) Dad?
text: Indy pushes back his hat and looks up.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: Somewhere an old man is laughing.( or -
dialog: somewhere your grandpa is laughing)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: Al6l1
speaker_heading: Blé1
dialog: 161
scene_heading: 130A. 10/17/07
scene_heading: INT CAMPUS BUILDING DAY
text: Dean Stanforth, the dean of Indy’s college, hurries down a
text: corridor in the college building. He’s dressed in his Sunday
dialog: best, seems terribly late for something.
text: But he stops for a moment outside the door to an office. A
text: PAINTER is standing in front of a certain door, adding to the
text: stencilled name on its frosted glass panel.
text: On the top line it says "PROFESSOR HENRY JONES JR.” But on the
text: line just below it, the Painter is adding two words:
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE DEAN
text: The Painter is just finishing the last N. Stanforth hesitates,
text: smiling. The Painter looks over his shoulder, am I doing
dialog: something wrong?
speaker_heading: STANFORTH
dialog: Marvelous, perfect. Make the letters
dialog: bigger, much bigger
text: The Painter returns to his work as Stanforth hurries down the
text: hall again, ducking into his own office--
scene_heading: INT. STANFORTH’S OFFICE-DAY
text: --where he runs in and heads for his desk. Opens the drawer and
text: finds a certain book and pulls it out.
text: It’s a tattered old Bible, the kind that’s been in a family for
dialog: years. From the Bible in Stanforth’s hands, we--
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 162
dialog: 131. 10/17/07
scene_heading: INT CHAPEL DAY
text: --cut the same Bible, now held in the hands of a SERIOUS
text: MINISTER, standing at the front of an impressive church.
text: Indy, dressed in a suit and bow tie, stands before him, and
text: Marion’s next to him, looking radiant in a simple white suit.
text: Mutt’s just beside Indy, in a sharp suit and tie.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Henry Jones, Jr. and Marion Ravenwood, in
dialog: so much as the two of you have agreed to
dialog: live together in Holy Matrimony, have
dialog: promised your love for each other by
dialog: these vows, the joining of your hands
dialog: and the giving of these rings, I now
dialog: declare you to be Husband and Wife. Whom
dialog: God hath joined together, let no one put
dialog: asunder.
text: Stanforth sits in the first row, smiling happily, his WIFE beside
text: him. Harold Oxley is next to them, washed and brushed up and
dialog: looking fine.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Ahh, “how much of human life is lost in
dialog: waiting.”
text: Up front, the Serious Minister drones on.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Congratulations, you may kiss your
dialog: bride.
text: Marion hands her flowers to the Minister and impulsively hugs
text: and kisses Indy.
text: The small crowd CLAPS and Oxley leaps to his feet, cheering.
text: The couple with Mutt head down to meet the crowd.
speaker_heading: OXLEY
dialog: Well done, Henry!
text: At the sound of their shared name, Indy and Mutt both turn. They
text: grin and speak at the same time.
speaker_heading: INDY MUTT
dialog: Thanks, Ox! Thanks, Ox!
text: The Serious Minister wraps it up.
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: +e HH HHH HH
dialog: + %
dialog: 132. 10/17/07
text: Mutt moves to one of the pews and grabs his camera, gets ready to
dialog: take a photo.
text: The front doors of the church blow open. A breeze rushes in. A
text: familiar fedora blows right off its hook and rolls down the
text: center aisle, coming to rest at the toes of a pair of scuffed-up
text: motorcycle boots.
text: Mutt picks up the hat, dusts it off, and looks at it. He
text: hesitates for a moment, then raises it to his own head, maybe
dialog: just to see if it fits, he’s got it halfway there but --
text: -- A HAND reaches in. Indy snatches the hat away from Mutt, gives
text: him a look, and puts the battered old fedora back, the only place
text: it belongs, on his own head.
text: Indiana Jones holds his arm out for Marion, she takes it, and
text: they walk out through the open doors that lead to anywhere.
text: The crowd follows, leaving Mutt standing alone. He takes his
text: leather jacket and camera and heads out.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: + %
dialog: + OK
dialog: 
