scene_heading: INGRID GOES WEST
dialog: Written by
dialog: David Branson Smith & Matt Spicer
dialog: 11.10.15
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON:
text: A MONTAGE OF PHOTOS AND VIDEO FROM A YOUNG COUPLE’S WEDDING
scene_heading: WEEKEND SET TO CLASSICAL MUSIC --
text: A PHOTO of a wedding altar and rows of empty chairs set out
text: on a lawn in front of a glistening lake.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Is this real? Hashtag no filter.
text: A VIDEO of CHARLOTTE, 29, the bride-to-be, and a group of her
text: friends doing yoga in front of a LAKE HOUSE.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Namaste, bitches. Prayer hands
dialog: emoji.
text: A PHOTO of a mouth-watering plate of eggs Benedict.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (V.O.)
text: Brunch game strong. Flex emoji.
text: A VIDEO of the groom-to-be diving off a pier in SLOW-MOTION.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Yep. That’s how we roll.
text: A PHOTO of a bunch of WASP-y looking girls and a token gay
text: guy in cocktail attire, holding glasses of rosé.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Getting the band back together.
dialog: Hashtag all the wine.
text: A VIDEO of the bride and groom kissing at the altar.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: So glad I married this weirdo.
text: Fluttering heart emoji.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ECU: The images are reflected in the eyes of a YOUNG WOMAN.
text: CLOSE on her THUMB scrolling through Instagram, compulsively
text: ‘Liking’ EVERY SINGLE POST. Tap-tap, tap-tap, tap-tap.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE IMAGES ARE COMING FASTER NOW, VOICES BLENDING TOGETHER,
scene_heading: THE DOUBLE-TAP OF THE THUMB CREATING AN ANXIOUS RHYTHM --
text: A VIDEO of Charlotte and her bridesmaids dancing. Tap-tap.
text: A PHOTO of champagne glasses clinking. Tap-tap.
text: A VIDEO of cake being shoved in the groom’s face. Tap-tap.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS of people smiling, laughing, drinking, dancing.
dialog: Tap-tap, tap-tap, tap-tap, tap-tap...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A PHOTO of Charlotte barefoot on the dance floor, still in
text: her wedding dress, surrounded by friends and family.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (V.O.)
dialog: Happy to be sharing this day with
dialog: all of my favorite humans. Hashtag
dialog: blessed.
scene_heading: I/E. CAR - NIGHT
text: INGRID THORBURN, 29, stares at the photo of Charlotte on her
text: phone, the hood of her sweatshirt pulled up over her head,
text: mascara tears running down both cheeks. She looks up.
text: HER POV - She is parked outside the LAKE HOUSE from the
text: photos. A wedding party is in full swing, music thumping.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ingrid steps out of the car, wearing running shoes and a
text: cocktail dress underneath her sweatshirt. We TRACK with her
text: as she makes her way across the lawn, towards a large TENT
text: filled with tables and people dancing.
text: Ingrid weaves her way through the crowd, unnoticed. She
text: grabs a glass of champagne from a passing caterer and slugs
text: it, tossing the empty glass aside as she notices --
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
text: -- sitting at her table, still in her wedding dress, telling
text: an animated story to a group of enthralled WEDDING GUESTS.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hi Charlotte.
text: Charlotte and a few of her guests turn, smiling. Charlotte
text: recognizes Ingrid and just as suddenly her smile vanishes.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Ingrid...?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Congratulations.
text: Ingrid holds up a PEPPER SPRAY GUN and blasts Charlotte in
text: the face. Charlotte squeezes her eyes shut, screaming.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
text: THANKS FOR INVITING ME, CUNT!
text: The party erupts into chaos. Charlotte’s bridesmaids rush to
text: her aid. Ingrid tries to make a run for it but is tackled to
text: the dance floor by a couple of athletic GROOMSMEN.
text: CLOSE on Ingrid writhing on the floor and sobbing as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A STATIC SHOT of the Pacific Ocean shimmering under a pink
text: and orange sky. We HEAR the sound of waves crashing against
text: the shoreline as the TITLE FADES IN --
scene_heading: INGRID GOES WEST
text: We PULL BACK to reveal that the beach is a motivational
text: poster hanging on an otherwise empty wall.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Charlotte.
text: A calmer, healthier-looking Ingrid sits on the edge of a twin
text: bed inside the sterile room, staring up at the poster. She
text: looks down at the notebook in her lap and continues writing --
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: I just want you to know how sorry I
dialog: am about what happened.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - THE MEADOWS - MORNING
text: Ingrid steps up to a window where a nurse hands her a paper
text: cup filled with medicine. She tosses back her pills and
text: opens her mouth wide, sticking out her tongue.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: In a lot of ways, having this time
dialog: apart has been good for me. It’s
dialog: given me a chance to reflect.
scene_heading: INT. REC ROOM - THE MEADOWS - DAY
text: Ingrid plays ping-pong against a pale 15-YEAR-OLD GIRL.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: I’m learning how to be present.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - THE MEADOWS - DAY
text: Ingrid is eating a sandwich and reading a worn copy of The
text: Language of Letting Go, highlighting her favorite passages.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.0.)
dialog: How to live in the moment.
scene_heading: INT. REC ROOM - THE MEADOWS - DAY
text: Ingrid sits in a circle with a small group, nodding in
text: sympathy as a female patient shares a harrowing story.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: How to listen.
scene_heading: INT. REC ROOM - THE MEADOWS - NIGHT
text: Ingrid and her fellow patients are sitting in chairs watching
text: Clueless on a pull-down projector screen. Ingrid laughs,
text: then pauses, remembering something.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes I’1l hear a joke or see
dialog: something that reminds me of you
dialog: and I feel sad because I have no
dialog: way of telling you about it.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSY AREA - THE MEADOWS - MORNING
text: Ingrid sits cross-legged, meditating next to a large oak tree.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: But maybe that’s okay. Maybe it’s
dialog: good to feel alone once in a while.
scene_heading: INT. REC ROOM - THE MEADOWS - DAY
text: Ingrid waves goodbye to the other patients, exchanging hugs.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: I don’t know what the future holds
dialog: for me. I just know that things
dialog: are going to be different now.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - THE MEADOWS - DAY
text: Ingrid is waiting at the front desk clutching a faded L.L.
text: Bean backpack with her name stitched across the top. She
text: makes sure no one is watching then reaches over the counter
text: and slides a stamped envelope into the OUTGOING MAIL bin.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Hopefully someday you and I can
dialog: look back on all of this and laugh.
text: A NURSE appears, handing Ingrid a plastic bag filled with her
text: personal items. Ingrid opens the bag, taking out her IPHONE.
text: CLOSE on the phone. We SEE Ingrid’s face reflected in the
text: glass. She cradles it in her hand, caressing the screen.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Your friend, always --
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Ingrid!
text: Ingrid turns, snapping out of her reverie.
text: HER POV - Ingrid’s sister, ERIN, 32, pregnant and dressed in
text: catalog casual, stands in the lobby. She waves, hopeful.
scene_heading: I/E. ERIN’S SUV (MOVING) - DAY
text: Erin drives while Ingrid rides shotgun with her head out the
text: window, staring out at the Pennsylvania suburbs as they pass
text: by. She notices a Corona billboard with the slogan “Find
dialog: Your Beach” and smiles.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Sorry I’m late. I had to pull
text: Logan out of karate class. His
dialog: sensei had a cold sore.
text: Ingrid turns towards the backseat, still glowing.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: How’s my little black belt, huh?
text: Erin’s son, LOGAN, 4, sits in the back with headphones on,
text: staring at his iPad. He doesn’t look up.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Oh, by the way, if anyone asks, we
dialog: told people you were at a yoga
dialog: retreat.
dialog: 6.
text: Ingrid looks at Erin, confused. She laughs uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: For eight weeks?
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: We thought it’d be easier for you
dialog: to not have to keep explaining to
dialog: everyone where you were.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah, the thing is... a big part of
dialog: the healing process is learning how
dialog: to talk about what happened and not
dialog: care what other people think.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Totally get it. Keith and I just
dialog: feel like all the hospital stuff
dialog: might be a little heavy for Logan.
dialog: He’s only in Pre-K.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: So what? You want me to pretend
dialog: like everything's perfect?
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: No! Of course not. You can talk
dialog: about it as much as you want. Just
dialog: as long as we're talking about yoga
dialog: and not, you know...
text: Ingrid is silent. This doesn’t sit well with her.
speaker_heading: ERIN (CONT'D)
dialog: So... do you want to talk about it?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Not anymore.
text: They continue driving in silence. Ingrid turns back towards
text: the window, her glow fading a bit.
scene_heading: EXT. ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - ESTABLISHING
text: A single-story Colonial house with a big yard. A police
text: motorcycle is parked next to Erin’s SUV in the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. NURSERY - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - DAY
text: The door opens and Erin’s husband KEITH, 39, enters wearing a
text: short-sleeved cop uniform, his shirt unbuttoned revealing a
text: white tee underneath. He flicks on the light.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: -- and last but not least, I give
dialog: you the Ingrid Suite. Voila.
text: Ingrid enters, looking around, with Erin close behind.
text: HER POV - A baby’s nursery has been transformed into a
text: temporary guest room. There is a cozy-looking bed with fresh
text: flowers on the nightstand, a flat-screen TV, a basket filled
text: with snacks and a banner that reads: “WELCOME HOME, INGRID!”
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (touched)
dialog: You guys, this is so nice.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Stay as long as you want.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Our casa is su casa.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You didn’t have to do all this.
dialog: I’1ll only be here a few days.
text: Ingrid sets down her backpack and opens the closet. Erin and
text: Keith exchange a worried look.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Where were you planning on going?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (read: obviously)
dialog: Back to Mom’s house? Where all my
dialog: stuff is?
text: Ingrid turns on the closet light and pauses. It’s filled
text: with clothes and cardboard boxes labeled: “INGRID”
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: We were gonna wait until you were
dialog: settled in to tell you but --
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: (ripping off the band-aid)
dialog: We sold the house, Ingrid.
text: Ingrid stares at them, completely blindsided.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Erin and Keith are standing outside the bathroom door.
speaker_heading: INGRID (0.S.)
dialog: Half that house was mine! She left
dialog: it to both of us!
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Exactly. Which is why we put half
dialog: of the money in a checking account
dialog: under your name.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Big ol’ chunk of change, Ingrid.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: We figured you could use it. How
dialog: else were we supposed to pay for
dialog: all your medical bills?
text: The door flies open and Ingrid appears, eyes red.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Don’t you mean my yoga retreat?!
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Easy, Ingrid --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No! Ever since Mom died, you guys
dialog: have been waiting to kick me out.
dialog: You just couldn't help yourselves,
dialog: could you?!
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Ingy, that house was a dump. It
dialog: was not a healthy environment for
dialog: you.
text: Ingrid sits on the bed and closes her eyes, doing a breathing
text: exercise, trying to calm herself.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I'd like to be alone now, please.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: (to Erin)
dialog: Why don’t you tell her how much we
dialog: got for it?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Why don’t you go fuck yourself?
text: Silence. Erin gives Keith a look telling him to wait outside.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Okey-dokey.
text: Keith exits. Erin sits next to Ingrid on the bed.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Look, I know how close you were
dialog: with Mom. I can’t even imagine how
dialog: hard that must have been for you.
dialog: And after what happened with
dialog: Charlotte --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Erin...
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: My point is, try and see this as an
dialog: opportunity. A chance to put all
dialog: that negativity behind you and
dialog: start fresh. You can build a whole
dialog: new life for yourself. The life
dialog: you always wanted.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I don’t know what life I want.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Don’t worry. It’ll come to you.
text: Ingrid says nothing. Erin takes her cue and exits, leaving
text: behind a BANK FOLDER with Ingrid’s name on it.
text: Ingrid buries her face in a pillow and SCREAMS. She lies
text: there for a moment, then tosses the pillow aside, pulling out
text: her phone and powering it on. The warm glow of the screen
text: lights up her face as she stares at it longingly.
text: ON THE SCREEN - She opens Instagram and searches
text: @badcharlotte. Charlotte’s profile appears with a message:
dialog: “This User Is Private.”
text: Ingrid sighs. She lies back on the bed, listening to the
text: muffled family sounds downstairs, feeling empty and alone.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. DRUGSTORE - DAY
text: ECU: A series of items being scanned -- an at-home facial
text: kit, a bag of gummy worms, the latest issue of Vanity Fair, a
text: six-pack of Corona, a bottle of prescription pills...
text: Ingrid stands at the pharmacy counter with her earbuds in,
text: listening to an audiobook while a PHARMACIST rings her up.
speaker_heading: MELODY BEATTIE (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe our pain is showing us we
dialog: need to set a boundary. Maybe it’s
dialog: showing us we’re going in a wrong
dialog: direction...
text: Ingrid looks up to see two of CHARLOTTE’S FRIENDS (JENNY and
text: NICOLE) walking past. They make knowing eye contact with
text: Ingrid, who quickly turns the other way.
text: The pharmacist hands Ingrid a plastic bag. She grabs it,
text: throwing down cash and making a beeline for the exit.
speaker_heading: MELODY BEATTIE (V.O.)
dialog: It’s okay to feel hurt; it’s okay
dialog: to cry; it’s okay to heal; it’s
dialog: okay to move on to the next
dialog: feeling, when it’s time...
text: Ingrid is almost to the door when she sees Jenny and Nicole
text: rounding the corner right in front of her. Ingrid hides
text: behind a cardboard display filled with candy.
text: We HOLD on Ingrid’s face as she waits for them to pass,
text: removing her earbuds so she can hear them whispering --
speaker_heading: JENNY (0.S.)
dialog: -- what is up with her hair?
speaker_heading: NICOLE (0.S.)
dialog: Seriously. Who’s your stylist?
dialog: Helen Keller?
text: They laugh. Ingrid touches her hair self-consciously.
speaker_heading: JENNY (0.S.)
dialog: Didn't they send her to an insane
dialog: asylum?
speaker_heading: NICOLE (0.S.)
dialog: Yep. Her sister told everyone she
dialog: was at a yoga retreat.
speaker_heading: JENNY (0.S.)
dialog: So dark.
dialog: 11.
text: They disappear around a corner. Ingrid puts her earbuds back
text: in and heads for the exit, trying not to show any emotion.
speaker_heading: MELODY BEATTIE (V.O.)
dialog: Today, I will not strike out at
dialog: those who cause me pain. TI will
dialog: feel my emotions and take
dialog: responsibility for them...
scene_heading: I/E. NICOLE’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER
text: A popsicle stick picture frame with a photo of Nicole and her
text: family dangles from the rearview mirror.
text: We RACK FOCUS to Ingrid through the windshield as she exits
text: the drugstore, recognizing Nicole's car.
scene_heading: ANGLE - OUTSIDE THE CAR
text: Ingrid makes sure no one is watching, then reaches into her
text: purse and pulls out Erin’s CAR KEY. She drags the key along
text: the length of Nicole’s car, leaving a jagged white scratch.
scene_heading: I/E. ERIN’S SUV - EVENING
text: Ingrid is parked in a suburban housing development, eating
text: gummy worms and staring out the window.
text: HER POV - A brand-new two-story home. Charlotte and her
text: husband exit, carrying a wrapped gift and a bottle of wine.
text: As they get into their car, Charlotte glances over at us --
text: Ingrid ducks down. She peers over the steering wheel.
text: HER POV - Charlotte is squinting in our direction. She
text: whispers to her husband, who looks over at us, alarmed.
text: Ingrid throws the car into reverse, knocking over a garbage
text: bin. She jams on the gas and peels off, tires squealing.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid is lying in the bathtub, drinking a Corona, wearing a
text: green face mask and flipping through her copy of Vanity Fair.
text: She pauses on an article featuring a photo of a confident,
text: bohemian-looking young woman in faded overalls sitting cross-
text: legged on her front porch. The headline reads:
text: MEET TAYLOR SLOANE, YOUR NEWEST GIRL CRUSH
dialog: 12.
text: CLOSE on the photo of TAYLOR SLOANE, 29. Her elegant beauty
text: is offset by an effortless style and laid-back warmth.
text: CLOSE on Ingrid’s face. Something inside her has shifted.
text: She is transfixed. Who is this perfect-looking creature?
scene_heading: INT. NURSERY - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - MINUTES LATER
text: Ingrid is in bed with her phone and a towel around her head.
text: ON THE SCREEN - She types the name “Taylor Sloane” into the
text: Instagram search bar. Her handle pops up - @welltaylored.
text: Ingrid opens Taylor's profile. She has 267K followers.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Whoa.
text: She taps on Taylor’s most recent PHOTO.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLASSICAL MUSIC MONTAGE
text: A PHOTO of Taylor on a beach in Malibu, wearing a halterneck
text: swimsuit and covering her face with her hands --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: “Live in the sunshine, swim in the
dialog: sea, drink the wild air.” Ralph
dialog: Waldo Emerson.
text: A SLOW-MO VIDEO of her dog, ROTHKO, hanging out the window of
text: an old Mercedes, tongue flapping, speeding through L.A. --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: My muse. Hashtag Rothko The Dog.
text: A PHOTO of the sun setting over a perfectly-restored desert
dialog: cabin in Joshua Tree --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: There is science, logic and reason.
dialog: And then there is... California.
text: A VIDEO of a TALL HANDSOME GUY with long ombre hair (EZRA)
text: setting off bottle rockets on a rooftop in Downtown L.A. --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Baby, you’re a firework. American
dialog: Flag emoji.
dialog: 13.
text: A PHOTO of Taylor and Ezra wearing Jean-Luc Godard-inspired
dialog: Halloween costumes --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Pierrot Le Fou? Oui.
text: We see perfectly-composed PHOTOS of Los Angeles, Joshua Tree,
text: vintage cars, flower arrangements, whimsically-patterned
text: wallpaper, Navajo rugs, designer shoes, artisanal cocktails,
dialog: restaurants, music festivals, travel, travel, more TRAVEL --
text: We see VIDEOS of Taylor showing off her house, riding around
text: Venice on a beach cruiser, being interviewed for Vanity Fair --
text: THE IMAGES SPEED UP AS WE ZOOM THROUGH THE LAST FIVE YEARS OF
text: TAYLOR'S LIFE, HER VOICE OVERLAPPING WITH ITSELF, THE IMAGES
scene_heading: CUTTING FASTER AND FASTER UNTIL WE --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A VIDEO of Taylor on her wedding day in Big Sur. She stands
text: at the altar wearing a 1930s lace dress and flower crown
text: across from Ezra who wears a white tux and black felt hat --
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: .-. You may now kiss the bride.
text: Taylor and Ezra kiss. It’s an incredibly intimate moment.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - EARLY MORNING
text: Ingrid is watching the video in bed, wiping away tears.
text: ECU: Her thumb presses the ‘Follow’ button.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid and Logan are on the couch in their pajamas watching
text: cartoons while Erin makes dinner in the background. Ingrid
text: scrolls through Taylor’s Instagram on her phone.
text: ON THE SCREEN - A PHOTO of an enchilada on top of a plate
text: emblazoned with the phrase “What are you grateful for?” --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: I Am Grateful for this vegan
dialog: enchilada with raw cacao mole
text: sauce. Praying hands emoji.
text: Ingrid taps on the ‘Comment’ bubble, thinking of what to say.
text: We hear INGRID’S VOICE as she types --
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Damn, girl! That looks yummy.
dialog: What’s your email address?
text: Ingrid pauses. Something doesn’t feel right. She deletes
text: her comment and tries again.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: I am SUCH a foodie. Should we be
dialog: best friends?
text: Ingrid frowns. Still not right. She tries again.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.0.)
dialog: OMG! Where is this place??
text: She adds a ‘Licking Lips’ emoji to the end of her comment.
text: Ingrid smiles. Nailed it. She presses SEND.
text: Keith enters from the garage, taking off his cop helmet, a
text: serious look on his face.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Hey, Ingrid, can I talk to you for
dialog: a second? In private?
text: Ingrid freezes, looking worried.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ingrid and Keith are standing in the hallway, whispering.
speaker_heading: KEITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you stop by Charlotte’s house
dialog: yesterday?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Ingrid. Don’t lie to me.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I’m not lying.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Should I get Erin in here? Maybe
dialog: you'd feel more comfortable telling
dialog: her what happened.
text: Erin appears in the doorway, drying her hands with a towel.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Tell me what?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: I got a call from Charlotte’s
dialog: lawyer this morning. Apparently
text: she saw Ingrid lurking outside her
dialog: house last night.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I wasn’t lurking. I was just
dialog: feeling low and I wanted to see if
dialog: she got my letter --
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: You sent her a letter?!
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Ingrid, why would you do that?!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I needed to apologize and let her
dialog: know there were no hard feelings.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: What do you mean no hard feelings?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I mean, none of this would’ve
dialog: happened if she’d just invited me
text: to her wedding in the first place.
text: Keith and Erin stare at Ingrid, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Ingrid, Charlotte didn’t invite you
dialog: because you’re not her friend.
dialog: She's just a girl we went to high
dialog: school with who reached out to you
dialog: after Mom died. That’s it!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I’m sorry, okay? It won’t happen
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: That is such bullshit!
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Babe, calm down --
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: No, I can’t do this anymore.
dialog: (to Ingrid)
dialog: It’s clear you don’t want our help
dialog: so you know what? I’m done. Do
dialog: whatever you want. This is your
dialog: problem, not ours.
text: Erin storms off. Keith gives Ingrid one last disapproving
text: glance and exits. Ingrid stands there, looking hurt.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid is sitting on the toilet, crying softly to herself.
text: Her phone BUZZES. She looks down. A new notification.
text: ON THE SCREEN - Taylor has responded to Ingrid’s comment.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Cafe Gratitude. It’s the best.
dialog: Come check it out next time you’re
text: in L.A.! Winking face emoji.
dialog: 
text: Ingrid’s expression changes. She smiles, wiping away tears.
scene_heading: INT. NURSERY - ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid is staring at the Vanity Fair profile of Taylor.
text: HER POV - The caption beneath the photo reads “Taylor and her
dialog: dog, Rothko, at home in Venice, California.”
text: PUNCH IN on the words: “Venice, California."
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Ingrid opens the bank folder Erin left her and checks her
text: account balance sheet. We scroll down a page filled with
dialog: useless financial jargon until we land on --
scene_heading: “AVAILABLE BALANCE: $91,234.21”
text: Ingrid stares at the number in disbelief.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - MORNING
text: Ingrid watches, mesmerized, as $100 bills are spit out of a
text: counting machine and arranged into neat piles by a BRANCH
text: MANAGER. One by one, Ingrid places the stacks of money into
text: her old L.L. Bean backpack.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. ERIN AND KEITH’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The house is asleep. A window opens on the top floor and
text: Ingrid’s backpack is tossed out onto the lawn followed by a
text: duffel bag. Ingrid climbs out, carefully lowering herself to
text: the ground. She grabs her bags and runs to a waiting CAB.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE BEACH - SUNRISE
text: The Pacific Ocean shimmers under a pink and orange sky, waves
text: crashing against the shoreline.
text: We PULL BACK to reveal Ingrid sitting in the sand with her
text: bags, staring out at the sea. She looks down at her phone.
text: ON THE SCREEN - Ingrid is creating a new Instagram account.
text: The cursor blinks in the empty ‘Username’ field. She thinks
text: for a moment, then types in the words:
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Ingrid Goes West.
text: Her new profile POPS UP. A completely blank canvas.
text: Ingrid raises her phone, snapping a picture of the sunrise.
text: She pauses, thinking of the perfect caption.
text: She glances around, her eyes landing on a CORONA AD plastered
text: to the side of a nearby building, then types:
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Finally found my beach. Happy face
dialog: emoji.
text: ECU: Ingrid’s thumb presses the ‘Share’ button.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE STREETS - DAY
text: QUICK SHOTS of Ingrid pedaling a brand-new beach cruiser
text: through the streets of Venice, soaking it all in.
text: She pauses in front of an old Victorian house. There is a
text: brand-new black pick-up truck parked out front with a Batman
text: symbol in place of the Toyota emblem. A sign posted in the
text: yard reads: “AVAILABLE: 1 BR + 1 BATH"
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid looks around while the owner, DAN PINTO, 34, rides a
text: two-wheeled scooter around, talking on his phone and puffing
text: on a vape pen. He wears a flat-brim hat, an XXL Jordan Bulls
text: jersey, board shorts and Adidas slides with tube socks.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Last night was haywire, dude. You
dialog: see that girl I was talking to?
text: Total smoke show. Bounced her back
dialog: to my place for some YouTube and
dialog: chill. We were up all night.
text: Pinto glances over at Ingrid, clearly saying this for her
text: benefit, but she isn’t paying attention at all.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Nah, we didn’t hook up, but it’s
dialog: all good. I’m juggling too many
dialog: bitches right now anyway. Gotta
dialog: whittle down my body count --
text: Ingrid clears her throat. Pinto lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey listen, I gotta run but hit me
dialog: up later if you wanna blaze.
dialog: (awkward beat)
dialog: Okay, yeah, no worries. Maybe some
dialog: other time --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hello...? Jeremy?
text: Pinto hangs up and turns to Ingrid.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Bad connection.
dialog: (extends his hand)
dialog: Hey. Dan Pinto.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Ingrid.
dialog: (confused beat)
dialog: Are you the landlord?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: I don’t really like the term
dialog: landlord. Just think of me as the
dialog: chill guy who lives next door and
dialog: collects rent every month.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: But... this is your place, right?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: It’s really more of a side hustle
dialog: to keep me cash-positive while I
dialog: pursue my true passion.
text: Pinto hands her a card that reads “DAN PINTO // SCREENWRITER”
text: in Batman Forever font with all of his social media handles.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You write movies?
text: Pinto nods, exhaling a thick cloud of smoke from his vape.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Anything I’ve seen?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: You familiar with Batman?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Wow. You wrote that?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Not exactly. But I am working on a
dialog: script for a new installment in the
dialog: franchise. It ain’t exactly
dialog: “authorized” but my producer Jeremy
dialog: used to be Joel Schumacher’s
dialog: assistant and he pretty much
dialog: guaranteed he'd forward it along
dialog: once I finish this new draft.
text: Ingrid has already stopped listening and is making her way
text: into the bedroom. Pinto chases after her.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: How much is this place?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: All business, huh? C’mon, Ingrid.
dialog: (Dr. Evil voice)
dialog: Throw me a frickin’ bone here!
text: Pinto grins, expecting a laugh. Ingrid looks uneasy.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: (clearing his throat)
dialog: It’s, uh, twenty-nine hundred a
dialog: month plus two month’s security
dialog: deposit. No pets allowed but we
dialog: are most certainly 420-friendly.
text: Pinto offers Ingrid a hit of his vape pen.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Very cool. I'’11 just run a quick
dialog: credit check and I’1l also need
dialog: some proof of income --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Can I pay you in cash?
text: Pinto seems impressed and a little turned on.
scene_heading: INT. PINTO’S HOUSE - DAY
dialog: 20.
text: The place is a glorified dorm room filled with wall-to-wall
text: Batman merchandise, framed posters of classic 90s movies like
text: “The Matrix” and “12 Monkeys” and a giant fish tank.
text: Pinto watches as Ingrid digs through her backpack, counting
text: out nine grand in cash on a table littered with weed jars.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Don’t take this the wrong way,
dialog: but... are you a prostitute?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Drug dealer?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: ‘Cause if you were, my producer
dialog: Jeremy has a legit hook-up --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I’m not a drug dealer, okay? My
dialog: mom died and she left me some money
dialog: and I just want to start over.
text: Pinto takes a solemn drag on his vape pen.
text: Ingrid hands him the cash.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: My condolences.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Thanks.
text: He smiles, handing her the keys.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Welcome to La La Land, Ingrid.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So, uh... what are your plans the
dialog: rest of the day? Wanna grab some
dialog: In & Out animal-style? My treat.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I’m pretty tired but thanks anyway.
text: Ingrid heads for the door. Pinto calls out after her.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: If you need help moving, lemme know
text: and I’1l fire up the Batmobile.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Okay! Will do.
text: Ingrid exits quickly, the screen door slamming behind her.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Peace out, roomie!
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - MINUTES LATER
text: Ingrid stands inside her empty apartment, looking around
text: contentedly. Her phone DINGS. A new notification POPS UP:
dialog: “@officialdanpinto is now following you.”
text: Ingrid opens Pinto’s profile. A measly 178 followers. She
text: taps on his most recent post.
text: ON THE SCREEN - A PHOTO of Pinto at Six Flags, crouching and
text: throwing up double peace signs in front of BATMAN: THE RIDE.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (V.0.)
dialog: Six Flags solo mission. Shit just
dialog: got real.
text: Ingrid frowns. She opens Taylor's page instead, pulling up
text: her vegan enchilada photo. She taps on the geotag for “Cafe
text: Gratitude” and a MAP appears showing the exact location.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE GRATITUDE - DAY
text: Ingrid sits at a table alone. She cranes her neck, looking
dialog: around for any sign of Taylor.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: What’s your biggest emotional
dialog: wound?
text: Ingrid turns. A WAITRESS with a nose ring is smiling at her.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: That’s our question of the day.
text: She points to a chalkboard hanging on the wall that reads:
dialog: “Today’s Question: What is your biggest emotional wound?”
speaker_heading: WAITRESS (CONT’D)
dialog: Mine’s my relationship with my dad.
dialog: It’s cool if you don’t want to
dialog: answer. We have to ask everyone
dialog: who comes in. Company policy.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Uh... I’m good, thanks.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: In that case, welcome to Gratitude!
dialog: My name’s Eden. How can I nourish
dialog: you today?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I’m meeting a friend of mine for
dialog: lunch. Have you seen her?
text: Ingrid holds up a PHOTO of Taylor on her phone that’s been
text: cropped to look like an original.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Taylor Sloane? Yeah, she comes in
dialog: all the time. She was just here
dialog: like an hour ago.
dialog: (confused)
dialog: You say you’re meeting her for
dialog: lunch?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh, uh... shoot. I must have
dialog: gotten the time wrong.
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: Do you remember what she ordered?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 23.
text: Ingrid sits in front of a plate of yam cauliflower samosas,
text: concentrating as she takes a birds-eye PHOTO of it.
text: ON THE SCREEN - Ingrid posts the photo on her Instagram
text: account. We HEAR her voice as she types out the caption:
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Well, I made it. Thanks for the
dialog: rec @welltaylored! Hashtag I Am
dialog: Grateful.
text: Ingrid taps ‘Share’ and smiles, feeling good about herself.
text: Ingrid sets down her phone to take her first bite. She
text: immediately gags, spitting the half-chewed food onto her
text: plate, drawing stares from some of the other customers.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid sits cross-legged on the floor of her empty apartment,
text: eating an In-N-Out burger and looking at Instagram.
text: ON THE SCREEN - A street-style PHOTO of Taylor in front of a
text: row of surfboards, wearing a linen sack dress, suede boots
text: and a straw hat, holding a Claire Vivier clutch.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: New @stevenalan threads got me
dialog: like... Princess emoji.
scene_heading: EXT. STEVEN ALAN - DAY
text: Ingrid walks out wearing the exact same outfit as Taylor and
text: carrying two shopping bags. She looks down at her phone.
text: ON THE SCREEN - A PHOTO of Taylor getting a haircut.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Summer chop courtesy of the lovely
dialog: ladies @trimsalon.
scene_heading: INT. TRIM SALON - DAY
text: Ingrid sits in a chair, scrolling through her phone, as the
text: stylist applies highlights to her hair with bits of tin foil.
text: ON THE SCREEN - A PHOTO of a first edition of Joan Didion’s
text: The White Album framed next to an Intelligentsia coffee cup.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: “We tell ourselves stories in order
dialog: to live.” Joan Didion.
scene_heading: INT. INTELLIGENTSIA COFFEE - DAY
text: Ingrid is at the coffee bar, hair styled exactly like
text: Taylor's, sipping a latte and reading a first edition of The
text: White Album. Her phone DINGS. A notification POPS UP:
dialog: “@officialdanpinto has commented on your post.”
text: ON THE SCREEN - Ingrid swipes on the notification. Her PHOTO
text: from Cafe Gratitude appears, now with one like from Pinto.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (V.O.)
text: Cauliflower samosa game on fleek.
dialog: Devil Horns emoji.
text: Ingrid sighs, disappointed.
scene_heading: INT. CORNER STORE - MORNING
text: Ingrid is wearing sweats and flip-flops, her hair in a messy
text: bun, grabbing a sixer of Coronas out of the fridge. As the
text: door closes, she hears a familiar voice and turns to see --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR SLOANE
text: -- standing at the register, buying a New York Times and
text: making small talk with the CASHIER.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: -+. I love the feel of ink on
dialog: paper. It’s so tactile.
text: Ingrid turns back around, trying not to freak out. She pulls
text: out her phone and uses the front-facing camera to check her
text: appearance then immediately closes it, disgusted.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Okay. Relax. Just be cool.
dialog: (cheerful voice)
dialog: Hey! How are you?! I’m a huge
dialog: fan! Fuck...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh my god! Hi! It’s me! Ingrid!
dialog: No! Shut up! Just be yourself...
text: A MOM pushing a stroller comes around the corner. She sees
text: Ingrid standing there with her eyes closed, muttering to
text: herself, and immediately turns the other way.
dialog: 25.
text: Ingrid takes a deep breath and turns, opening her eyes. As
text: she looks at the counter, her expression changes.
text: HER POV - Taylor is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Ingrid rushes out of the store looking both ways.
text: HER POV - We PAN AROUND frantically then ZOOM IN on Taylor,
text: across the street, walking into a store.
text: Ingrid is about to cross the street when Pinto cruises by in
text: his pick-up truck, grinning, music thumping.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: ‘Sup, Ingrid!
text: Ingrid tries to see past Pinto’s truck, but it’s too big.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Get out of the way!
text: Pinto watches, confused, as Ingrid dashes across the busy
text: intersection, cars honking as she runs past.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL STORE - DAY
text: An upscale Venice boutique. Taylor is browsing a table of
text: knickknacks. Ingrid walks up, eyeing Taylor and pretending
text: to flip through a coffee table book about bread.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Mmmm. This looks so bread.
text: Ingrid winces, realizing her mistake. Taylor looks up.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I mean good. This bread looks so
dialog: good.
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: Sounds like somebody didn’t have
dialog: their coffee this morning!
text: Ingrid forces a laugh. Taylor smiles politely and looks
text: away. Ingrid remains frozen, a grin plastered on her face.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I'll buy this.
dialog: 26.
text: Taylor pretends not to hear her. Ingrid approaches the
text: register, glancing back at Taylor longingly.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE STREET - LATER
text: Taylor is walking with her earbuds plugged in, scrolling
text: through her phone. In the background, we see Ingrid
text: following her at a safe distance.
scene_heading: EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Taylor opens the gate of her beautiful Craftsman house,
text: checking the mail. There is an Airstream and a vintage
text: Mercedes in the driveway. A dog YAPS from inside.
text: Ingrid hides behind a parked car, watching Taylor as she
text: enters her house. Ingrid pauses, noticing something.
text: HER POV - Taylor’s dog, ROTHKO, sits at the window, panting.
scene_heading: EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Taylor exits, followed by her husband, EZRA O'KEEFE, 33, now
text: sporting an impressive beard. They hop into Taylor's
text: Mercedes and she backs out of the driveway.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - INGRID
text: She watches them from the shadows of a nearby alleyway,
text: holding an In-N-Out bag and sucking on a milkshake.
text: Ingrid tip-toes up to the gate, looking both ways. Rothko
text: appears at the window, BARKING incessantly. Ingrid crouches
text: low, hurrying around the side of the house. She tries one of
text: the windows. Locked. Then another. Also locked.
text: Ingrid continues around to the back of the house, trying
text: every window until finally one OPENS revealing a small powder
text: room. Ingrid tries climbing inside but it’s too small.
scene_heading: ANGLE - INSIDE THE HOUSE
text: Rothko comes sprinting up to the window with his teeth bared.
text: Ingrid pulls out a loose hamburger patty, holding it up.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Here! Want some?
text: Rothko stops barking and sits, eyes trained on the patty.
text: Ingrid dangles the meat inside the window, just out of his
text: reach. Rothko JUMPS up and down, trying to get at it.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, Rothko. Come on, boy...
text: Ingrid grabs Rothko mid-jump, pulling him outside.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ECU: Rothko’s face, barking incessantly.
text: Ingrid stands above him, desperately trying to placate him.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Shh! Please stop barking!
text: There’s a KNOCK at the front door. Ingrid looks startled.
text: She grabs Rothko, looking around frantically, placing him in
text: the cabinet under the sink. She tosses an already-opened bag
text: of Flamin’ Hot Cheetos inside and shuts the cabinet door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The front door opens, revealing Pinto.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Hey, sorry to bug you, but... did
dialog: you by any chance get a dog?
text: Ingrid stares at Pinto blankly.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Oh... Really? Maybe it’s the kush
dialog: talking but I swear I heard barking
dialog: coming from your place.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I was watching a movie. About
dialog: dogs.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Like Beethoven?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yes! Beethoven! Love that movie.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: What! Me too! Wanna finish it at
dialog: my place? We can take my new
text: bubbler for a test drive.
dialog: 28.
text: Before Ingrid can respond, Rothko wanders into the living
text: room with orange dust all over his face, violently ripping
text: apart the Cheetos bag. Pinto gives Ingrid a look.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: My friend asked if I could dog-sit
dialog: for a few days.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Yeahhhh. Unfortunately, it’s kind
dialog: of a “no dog” situation up in here.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Totally. It’s not my dog though.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Right. The thing is, I’m actually
dialog: super allergic to pet dander. One
dialog: whiff of that guy and I could go
text: into anaphylactic shock.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: It’s only for one night. He won't
dialog: come near you, I promise.
dialog: (pouty face)
dialog: Please?
text: Pinto looks at Rothko, then back at Ingrid.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Well I guess I can let it slide
dialog: this one time.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Thanks, Dan. You’re the best.
text: Pinto goes to leave, then quickly turns back around.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Oh, by the way, I’m putting
dialog: together a little table read for my
dialog: script this weekend and I'd love to
dialog: have you in the mix.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (winces )
dialog: Ooh, this weekend? I don’t think I
dialog: can.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: You sure? There’s free sushi.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah, no. Sorry.
dialog: 29.
text: Awkward beat. Pinto is disappointed but plays it off.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Hey, all good. More sushi for me,
dialog: right?
text: Pinto grins, lingering in the doorway. Ingrid raises her
text: eyebrows, indicating the conversation is over. He takes a
text: step back and she closes the door, heaving a sigh of relief.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE STREET - MORNING
text: ECU: A “MISSING DOG” poster with an artfully-shot photo of
text: Rothko from Taylor’s Instagram is tacked to a telephone pole.
text: REVEAL Ingrid staring at the poster. She rips it down and
text: slips it into her purse, walking away quickly.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid is on the phone, holding the MISSING DOG poster.
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
text: Ingrid freezes. She wasn’t expecting a man’s voice.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Um, hi... I’m calling about your
dialog: dog? I saw your poster --
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: Oh my God! Rothko! Is he okay?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah, he’s totally fine.
text: Rothko is lying on the floor, chest heaving, surrounded by
text: empty fast-food wrappers and Cheetos bags.
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: Where do you live? I’11 come by
dialog: right now.
text: Ingrid looks around the empty apartment.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh, I’m... stuck in traffic. Why
dialog: don’t I swing by your place in,
dialog: like, twenty minutes?
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: Perfect.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Great! See you then.
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Don’t you need the address?
text: Ingrid silently curses at herself for being so careless.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yep. Ready when you are.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - DAY
text: QUICK SHOTS of Ingrid styling her hair, putting on make-up,
text: slipping into a brand-new Rachel Comey dress...
scene_heading: EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid walks up to the front gate with Rothko in one arm and
text: her Claire Vivier clutch in the other.
text: The door opens to reveal Taylor, wearing an embroidered white
text: Mexican peasant dress and Birkenstock sandals.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Rothko! We missed you!
text: Rothko leaps out of Ingrid’s arms and runs to Taylor. Ezra
text: appears behind her, wearing a chambray apron covered in paint
text: splatters. He leans over, letting Rothko lick his mouth.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh my god, thank you! We were so
dialog: worried. You have no idea.
dialog: (extends her hand)
dialog: Hi. I’m Taylor.
text: CLOSE on Taylor's perfectly-manicured hand. Ingrid stares at
text: it. She’s been waiting for this moment. Their hands touch.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Ingrid.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: This is my husband, Ezra.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Hola. Where’d you find him?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh, just... a few blocks from here.
text: Ezra inspects Rothko’s eyes, looking concerned.
speaker_heading: EZRA
text: He looks sick. Must have been
dialog: eating garbage or something.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Poor Rothko.
dialog: (to Ingrid)
dialog: Hang on, before I forget...
text: Taylor reaches into her Clare Vivier clutch and pulls out her
text: checkbook. Ezra notices Ingrid’s matching bag and smiles.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Hey, you guys have the same purse.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (feigning surprise)
dialog: Oh my God. So random.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Should I make it out to cash?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh, I can’t take your money.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: We insist.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I’m just glad he’s okay. Really.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Why don’t you stay for dinner? Let
dialog: us cook for you.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yes! I love that idea.
text: SLOW PUSH IN on Ingrid. She is freaking out on the inside
dialog: but trying to play it cool...
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. TAYLOR'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Taylor and Ezra lead Ingrid through their house. It’s even
dialog: more perfect in real life -- Midcentury modern furniture,
text: color-coordinated bookshelves, macrame plant hangers,
text: Moroccan rugs, and tons of natural light.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Can we get you something to drink?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I’d love a Corona.
text: Taylor laughs. Ingrid joins in on a slight delay.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I think we can do better than that.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Taylor makes a killer South Side.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: It’s the same recipe they use at
dialog: the 21 Club in Manhattan.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (so confused)
dialog: Um... sure.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid watches as Taylor pours freshly-made cocktails into
text: copper mugs, adding muddled lime and a sprig of mint.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sorry, we've been so stressed about
dialog: Rothko that I haven’t had a chance
text: to run to the farmer’s market.
text: Ingrid looks over at Ezra, searing a fresh piece of tuna with
text: a blowtorch. He places the wilted dandelion greens atop the
text: plate of seared tuna using a pair of tweezers.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Hope you don’t mind if we improvise
dialog: a little.
text: Ingrid seems slightly intimidated by how nice everything is.
speaker_heading: INGRID
text: I feel like I’m at a restaurant.
text: Taylor smiles, handing the finished drink to Ingrid.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: More like Kitchen Nightmares.
text: Ingrid takes a sip. It’s the best drink she’s ever tasted.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Holy shit. This is amazing.
text: Taylor stares at Ingrid with a flicker of recognition.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Have we met before?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: No. Definitely not.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Huh. Your face looks so familiar.
text: Awkward silence. Ingrid is desperate to change the subject.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You mind if I use your bathroom?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid wanders down the hallway towards the bathroom.
text: She pauses, eyeing a cluster of photos on the wall. Each one
text: is of Taylor and Ezra in a different desirable location -- on
text: a beach in Tulum, standing atop Machu Picchu, eating sushi
text: with Jiro, wearing costumes at Burning Man...
text: Ingrid leans in closer, noticing a graduation photo of Taylor
text: and her brother, NICKY, a handsome puckish young dude.
text: Ingrid notices an open door. She peers through the crack.
text: HER POV - A bright, minimalist bedroom with a few art pieces
text: on the walls and even more books and plants. Ingrid scans
text: the room like a Terminator, taking note of every detail.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid turns the faucet on full blast. She throws back the
text: shower curtain, opens the medicine cabinet and digs through
text: the trash can, snapping pictures with her phone. Perfume,
dialog: shampoo, make-up, candles, feminine hygiene products --
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ingrid sits back down. Taylor snaps her finger, realizing.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I know where I saw you!
dialog: (off Ingrid’s look)
dialog: The Echo Park Craft Fair! You were
dialog: selling those Bolivian clay pots.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I actually just moved here a week
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Maybe you’re confusing her with one
dialog: of your crazy internet fan-girls.
text: Ingrid tenses up. Taylor touches her arm, reassuringly.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: He’s giving me shit because I
dialog: happen to engage with people on
dialog: social media like the rest of the
dialog: known universe. My husband suffers
dialog: from chronic technophobia.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: That’s not true. I just don’t want
dialog: someone forming an opinion of me
dialog: based on what kind of shoes I wear
dialog: or what I ate for breakfast.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Here we go...
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: No, wait a second. Let’s ask
dialog: Ingrid what she thinks.
text: Taylor and Ezra both shift their attention to Ingrid. She
text: pauses, choosing her words carefully.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I think you can tell a lot about a
dialog: person based on what they like.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yes! Thank you. I mean, in an
dialog: ideal world we wouldn’t all be so
dialog: judgmental but we can’t help
dialog: ourselves, so why pretend
dialog: otherwise?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Ingrid)
dialog: Like with you. I knew I'd like you
dialog: the moment I saw you just based on
dialog: what you were wearing.
text: Ingrid smiles, pleased with herself. Ezra shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: I prefer to keep some parts of my
dialog: life private, that’s all. I want
dialog: my work to speak for itself.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Ezra’s an artist.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What kind of stuff do you do?
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A three-shot of Ingrid standing between Taylor and Ezra,
text: staring thoughtfully at a painting out of frame.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: I guess you could label it “pop
dialog: art” but I’m not sure yet.
text: REVERSE SHOT of a wall of canvases featuring Ed Ruscha-style
text: paintings of popular phrases like “CURRENT MOOD” and “ON
text: FLEEK” and “I CAN'T EVEN” over classic American landscapes.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I love this.
text: Taylor smiles at Ezra, squeezing his arm encouragingly.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Are any of these for sale?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Uh... I mean, not technically --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Yes. Of course they are.
text: Ingrid approaches a painting that reads “SQUAD GOALS” over an
text: image of wild horses galloping through a field.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: How much is this one?
dialog: 36.
text: Ezra looks to Taylor for guidance.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: How much did we say “Squad Goals”
dialog: was, babe?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I think it was twelve hundred?
text: Taylor and Ezra watch as Ingrid reaches into her clutch and
text: pulls out a wallet filled with CASH. She counts out twelve
text: hundred dollars and hands it to a stunned Ezra.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I’ll grab the champagne.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ezra is filling Taylor and Ingrid’s glasses with champagne.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: To Ingrid. Rescuer of dogs, patron
dialog: of the arts, and all around good
dialog: neighbor.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Salut!
text: They all cheers. Ingrid blushes, smiling as she takes a sip.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: VARIOUS SHOTS of Ingrid, Taylor and Ezra hanging out, talking
text: and laughing, sipping cocktails and smoking cigarettes. For
text: the first time, Ingrid feels like she’s where she belongs.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - LATER
text: It's late. Taylor and Ezra are saying goodbye to Ingrid, who
text: is carrying Ezra’s enormous painting with both hands.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: So great meeting you, Ingrid.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah, you too.
text: Ingrid lingers for a moment, not wanting to leave...
text: Taylor’s phone BUZZES. She looks at it, frowning.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Ahna cancelled on me again. I
text: can’t even deal with her right now.
text: Ezra rubs Taylor’s back, consoling her.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Babe, don’t worry. We'll figure it out.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Is everything okay?
text: Taylor sighs, gesturing to the AIRSTREAM in the driveway.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: We bought that monstrosity at an
dialog: estate sale and I’ve been trying to
dialog: move it out to our place in Joshua
dialog: Tree but my old Mercedes can’t tow
dialog: it. My friend has a truck but she
dialog: keeps flaking on me --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (blurting out)
dialog: I have a truck.
text: Taylor and Ezra look at Ingrid, surprised.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh, no... I couldn’t. You’ve done
dialog: so much for us already.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No, really. I don’t mind.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Great. Problem solved.
text: Taylor gives Ezra a look, feeling put on the spot. Ingrid
dialog: picks up on this, adding:
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I was actually thinking of going
dialog: out there soon anyway. I don’t
dialog: really know anyone here yet and you
dialog: both seem like nice people.
dialog: 38.
text: BEAT. Taylor smiles, warming to the idea.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Okay, yeah. How’s this Saturday?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Perfect!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Here, I’1l give you my number.
text: Ingrid hands Taylor her phone. She watches as Taylor punches
text: in her info, struggling to contain her excitement.
scene_heading: EXT. PINTO’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid knocks on the door. It opens, revealing a shirtless
text: and sweaty Pinto. He looks completely caught off-guard.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Ingrid! Hey. Sorry, you caught me
text: in the middle of a workout sesh --
text: We HEAR the unmistakable sounds of porn emanating from his
text: laptop. Pinto exits quickly, shutting the door behind him.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Is this a bad time?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Nope. All good. What’s up?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (wincing)
dialog: Can I borrow your truck?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: The Batmobile? Sure thing. Where
dialog: we headed? Ikea? Home Depot?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I actually need it this Saturday.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Ooh, sorry, Ingrid. No can do.
dialog: Got my big table read that night.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Is there any way I could borrow it
dialog: during the day? Without you?
text: Pinto laughs, then realizes Ingrid isn’t joking.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Are you for real?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Please? I’11 do anything.
text: Pinto pauses to consider this, stroking his chin.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Well, now that you mention it, one
dialog: of my actresses booked a
dialog: Nickelodeon show so we’re looking
dialog: for someone to fill in as Catwoman.
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Whaddya say, Ingrid? You ready for
dialog: your close-up?
text: We HOLD on Ingrid as she swallows uncomfortably...
scene_heading: EXT. PINTO’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Pinto is leading Ingrid around his pick-up, all business.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: No texting and driving. No
dialog: smoking. Premium fuel only. Oh,
dialog: and there’s a little blind spot on
dialog: the passenger side. You’re not
dialog: gonna be towing anything, are you?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No. Why?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Her engine’s been supercharged so
dialog: she'll overheat if she’s pulling
dialog: too much weight. Guess that’s the
dialog: trade-off you gotta make if you
dialog: wanna burn rubber, am I right?
text: Pinto laughs. Ingrid laughs with a slight delay.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, that concludes the tutorial.
dialog: Just be back here by five on
dialog: Saturday and we'll cruise to
text: Jeremy’s dad’s house for the read.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Dan, thank you so much.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: No worries, Ingrid. Or should I
dialog: say... Catwoman?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Ingrid’s fine for now.
text: Pinto puts his arm around her in a friendly but awkward way.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: It’s funny. I always said I'd
dialog: never let anyone else drive the
dialog: Batmobile, but... I have a good
dialog: feeling about you, Ingrid.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Pinto’s truck flies down the highway with Ingrid behind the
text: wheel and the Airstream hitched to the back. She attempts to
text: change lanes and narrowly misses a HONKING SEDAN.
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY
text: Ingrid drives with both hands gripping the wheel, looking
text: stressed out. Taylor rides shotgun, scrolling through her
text: Instagram mentions and firing off replies.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I can’t believe you've never been
dialog: to Joshua Tree. We should swing by
text: the Integratron for a sound bath.
text: Ingrid nods, confused. Taylor pulls out a CD case from the
text: center console, holding up the Batman Forever soundtrack.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Wow. I had no idea you were so
dialog: into Batman.
text: Ingrid laughs uncomfortably. Taylor pops in the CD.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: You would love my brother. He was
dialog: obsessed with this movie when we
dialog: were kids.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You have a brother?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Nicky. We’re twins, actually.
dialog: He’s the best.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s so funny and, like, genius-
dialog: level smart. I keep telling him to
dialog: move out here but he and Ezra don’t
dialog: really get along.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Why’s that?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Nicky used to be a bit of a party
dialog: animal. He had a few brushes with
text: the law but he’s totally sober now.
text: A loud CHIME sounds from inside the truck. A RED EMERGENCY
text: LIGHT flashes on the dashboard.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Yikes. Should we pull over?
text: Ingrid checks the time on her phone. It’s past noon already.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I’m sure it’s nothing.
text: Ingrid turns up the music but the CHIME is still audible.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: It sounds pretty serious. I/’1l
dialog: check the manual.
text: Taylor pops open the glove and a bunch of crap tumbles out,
text: including a box of MAGNUM CONDOMS and a baggie of COCAINE.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus Christ, Ingrid!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh no, those aren’t mine.
text: Taylor picks up the vehicle registration, reading aloud.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Who's “Daniel Pinto”?
text: We HOLD on Ingrid’s face as she thinks of what to say --
scene_heading: EXT. ROY’S MOTEL & CAFE - DAY
text: Ingrid and Taylor are sitting underneath the iconic sign
text: while a MECHANIC works on Pinto’s truck in the background.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I can’t believe you didn’t tell me
dialog: you had a boyfriend.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: It’s not serious or anything.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: How long have you guys been dating?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: A little over a week?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: And he’s already letting you borrow
dialog: his truck? Wow, you move fast.
text: The mechanic approaches, wiping grease off on his coveralls.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Car's good to go, ladies. Just
dialog: needed to cool down a bit.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh my God, thank you. You’re the
dialog: best. Would you mind snapping a
dialog: quick picture of us before we go?
text: Ingrid’s heart skips a beat. Taylor hands the mechanic her
text: phone and stands next to Ingrid while he lines up the shot.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Say cheese.
text: Ingrid smiles wide. Taylor touches her arm, whispering.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Don’t smile. Here. Put these on.
text: Taylor gives Ingrid her sunglasses. Ingrid puts them on, her
text: smile vanishing. They pose while the mechanic snaps a few.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Okay, I think we got it.
text: He hands Taylor back her phone. She swipes through the
text: pictures and frowns, shaking her head.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sorry, but would you mind taking a
dialog: few more? This time, try framing
dialog: it with the two of us in the middle
text: and the sign right above our heads.
dialog: 43.
text: She hands her phone back to the puzzled mechanic.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Um... sure.
text: Taylor tries out a series of different poses as the mechanic
text: steps back and continues snapping, growing impatient.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (to Ingrid)
dialog: Should we do one with a peace sign?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Last one!
text: Taylor flashes a peace sign. Ingrid flashes one too. CLICK.
scene_heading: EXT. JOSHUA TREE HOUSE - DAY
text: A picturesque 1950s-era homestead cabin surrounded by cacti
text: and desert flowers. The Airstream is parked out front.
text: Ingrid and Taylor wander around the property, enjoying the
text: outdoors and sipping fresh-squeezed lemonade from mason jars.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: This is heaven.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You should've seen it when we moved
dialog: in. It was vile. The inside
text: smelled like cat urine and the roof
dialog: was caving in. Ezra and I did all
dialog: the renovations ourselves.
text: Ingrid nods, impressed. Her phone DINGS.
text: ON THE SCREEN - A text from Pinto: “Yoooo! Where u at?”
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Should we head back?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Are you crazy? We just got here.
text: Taylor turns to Ingrid with a mischievous smile.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I have an idea.
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK - EVENING
text: ECU: A fingernail with a tiny palm tree painted on it dips
text: into the baggie of cocaine.
text: The truck is parked outside a desert bar called PAPPY &
text: HARRIET’S. Ingrid watches Taylor do a lady-like bump off her
text: nail, tipping her head back to sniff the drip like a pro.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Do you do this a lot?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Not anymore. I went through a
dialog: brief coke phase in college but I
dialog: haven't done any since Burning Man.
dialog: I know Ezra and I may seem like a
dialog: couple of old fogies but we still
dialog: know how to cut loose every once in
dialog: a while. Have you been to Burning
dialog: Man? You should totally join our
dialog: camp next year.
text: Taylor rubs her gums as she passes Ingrid the bag of coke.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m so glad we came here, by the
dialog: way. Pappy’s is the best. The
dialog: crowd's a bit sketchy but they
dialog: always have great live music and
dialog: the most amazing desert vibes --
text: Ingrid’s phone DINGS repeatedly from inside her bag.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Um, is everything okay?
text: Ingrid reaches into her bag and subtly checks her phone.
text: ON THE SCREEN - Ingrid’s has 13 MISSED CALLS from Pinto and a
text: series of frantic text messages: “Is everything OK Ingrid?”
dialog: “Why aren’t u answering ur phone??!!” “Helloooocc0000."”
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Just Dan checking up on me.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: That is so sweet. Ezra never texts
dialog: me when I’m out of town. His
dialog: communication skills are atrocious.
text: Ingrid’s phone LIGHTS UP with another call from Pinto.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on, let’s dance!
text: Taylor hops out. Ingrid hesitates for a beat, then presses
text: “Decline” and powers her phone OFF. She dips her nail into
text: the bag of blow and accidentally does a HUGE BUMP as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAPPY & HARRIET’S - NIGHT
text: Ingrid and Taylor are at the bar, toasting margaritas.
text: Taylor holds up her phone, snapping a photo of them together.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Taylor and Ingrid are on the dance floor. Taylor moves her
text: body with a sexy confidence, while Ingrid shuffles around
text: self-consciously, trying to imitate Taylor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ingrid and Taylor are doing Fireball shots by the pool tables
text: with a group of DRUNK MARINES. Taylor snaps another photo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ingrid, Taylor and the Marines are all on the dance floor.
text: Ingrid is starting to get loose. One of the Marines tries
text: grinding with Taylor but Ingrid wedges herself between them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ingrid, Taylor and two of the Marines are crammed inside the
text: bathroom stall, doing lines. Taylor is talking non-stop
text: while Ingrid nods, hanging on her every word.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The Marines have formed a circle, cheering as Taylor and
text: Ingrid tear up the dance floor. Ingrid lets herself go, her
text: body erupting into a series of bizarre spasms. Taylor
text: follows Ingrid’s lead, allowing her own moves to get bigger
text: and weirder. They jump up and down, sweating and laughing.
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: Ingrid and Taylor are tearing down a desert highway, smoking
text: cigarettes and singing along to Seal’s “KISS FROM A ROSE”.
text: We hear HONKS off screen. The Marines from the bar pull up
text: alongside them in a Jeep, whistling and cat-calling.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Watch this.
text: Taylor lifts her shirt and FLASHES the soldiers her breasts.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Spring break! Woo!
text: The Marines are cheering and HONKING like crazy. Ingrid
text: turns and lifts her shirt, taking both hands off the wheel.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Spring break, bitches!
text: Taylor looks ahead, eyes widening.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Ingrid! Look out!
text: HER POV - A RABBIT is standing in the middle of the road...
text: Ingrid jerks the wheel, swerving sharply onto the shoulder.
text: REEEEEEEEEE! The passenger side of the truck SCRAPES loudly
text: against the guard rail, sparks flying everywhere...
text: Ingrid SLAMS ON THE BRAKES, all the color draining from her
text: face. She and Taylor exchange a concerned look.
scene_heading: EXT. JOSHUA TREE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Pinto’s truck is parked in the driveway with a HUGE SCRATCH
text: running down the entire passenger side.
text: Taylor and Ingrid are sitting on the porch, wrapped in Navajo
text: blankets. They pass a joint back and forth, both coming down
text: hard. Ingrid stares at the damaged truck.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Dan is gonna kill me.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Relax. It’s just a scratch. You
dialog: can buff that right out.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What do I say happened?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Just tell him it was an honest
dialog: mistake. He’ll understand. Come
dialog: on, don’t let one little scratch
dialog: ruin an otherwise perfect night.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah, I guess you're right.
text: Silence. Taylor takes a thoughtful drag and exhales.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: So... what made you wanna move to
dialog: L.A.?
text: Ingrid stares at Taylor, looking hopeful.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You really want to know?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeah, why? How bad can it be?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Pretty bad.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Try me.
text: Ingrid pauses, taking a long drag. She exhales.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Well, let’s see. My mom died about
dialog: a year ago, so... that happened.
dialog: Then my best friend decided not to
dialog: invite me to her wedding and we had
dialog: this big falling out. And if that
dialog: wasn’t enough, my sister sold our
dialog: mom’s house behind my back while I
dialog: was still living there.
text: Taylor is staring at Ingrid with a mix of pity and sadness.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh my God. You poor thing.
text: Ingrid pauses, suddenly feeling self-conscious.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Sorry. Am I being too intense?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No! Not at all. I love how real
dialog: you are.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can I tell you a secret?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Um, yes! Hello! Spilling my guts
dialog: over here...
dialog: 48.
text: Taylor laughs, easing the tension.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Okay. See that house over there?
text: Taylor points toward a similar-looking HOUSE next door.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve been thinking about buying it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know it sounds crazy, but... I
dialog: have this idea of opening a
text: boutique hotel filled with all of
dialog: my favorite things where everything
dialog: in it is for sale.
text: Ingrid stares at Taylor in stoned amazement.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: That is such a good idea.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Right? It’s so simple. Basically,
dialog: if you see something you like, you
dialog: can take it with you and we'll add
dialog: it to your bill. It would be like
dialog: my Instagram but in real life.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Okay. That sounds incredible and
dialog: you need to do that right now.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'm thinking of calling it...
dialog: Desert D’Or.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: How did you come up with that?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: It’s from this Norman Mailer book.
dialog: The Deer Park. I'm obsessed with
dialog: it. Promise me you won’t repeat
dialog: any of this. I haven’t even told
dialog: Ezra about it yet.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Why not?
text: Taylor takes the joint and drags on it, sighing.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I dunno. Ever since I convinced
dialog: him to quit his job and become an
dialog: artist full time he’s been kind of
dialog: weird about money.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I thought his paintings were really
dialog: popular.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh, they are. Don’t get me wrong,
dialog: he’s absurdly talented but he
dialog: refuses to self-promote. He thinks
dialog: it’s phony or something --
dialog: (catching herself)
dialog: God, listen to me rambling on like
dialog: an insane person. You must think
dialog: I’m the worst.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Are you kidding? You’re perfect.
text: Taylor laughs, faux-embarrassed.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeah. Perfectly fucked up.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No, I’m serious. You’re by far the
dialog: coolest, most interesting person
dialog: I've ever met.
text: Taylor cocks her head to the side, staring at Ingrid as if
dialog: she just said something incredibly profound.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh my God. Thank you.
text: She leans her head on Ingrid’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: You're a good friend, Ingrid.
text: Ingrid’s heart flutters at the word “friend”. She smiles.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - JOSHUA TREE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Taylor is passed out on the couch, fast asleep, while Ingrid
text: lies next to her, wide awake, watching her. She takes out
text: her phone, snapping photo after photo of them together.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Pinto’s truck rolls to a stop in front of the house. Taylor
text: gives Ingrid a big warm hug. She pauses before she gets out.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Hey, so... about last night.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh no, don’t worry about it.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: All that stuff about Ezra --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: My lips are sealed.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Thanks. And tell Dan sorry about
dialog: the truck. Can’t wait to meet him!
text: Taylor exits. Ingrid’s smile disappears as reality sets in.
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - MINUTES LATER
text: Ingrid pulls onto her block to see a COP CAR parked outside
text: of Pinto’s house. Pinto is talking anxiously to a pair of
text: COPS, gesticulating wildly and chain-vaping his e-cig.
text: Pinto sees his truck and a look of angry relief washes over
text: him. He runs over as Ingrid pulls up in front of the house.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Ingrid! Where the fuck were you?!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I’m so sorry. I can explain.
text: Ingrid parks the car and jumps out. Pinto turns to the cops.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Sorry, fellas. False alarm.
text: The cops shake their heads and walk back to their car. Pinto
text: sticks his head inside the truck, sniffing the air.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Were you smoking in here? I
dialog: specifically said “No Smoking”!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: My friend might have had, like, one
dialog: cigarette --
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Your friend...?!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: My friend Taylor. I told you she
dialog: was coming with me.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: No. You didn’t.
text: Ingrid nervously watches Pinto make his way around the truck.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: So... how was the table read?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Cancelled, obviously.
text: Pinto sees the damage and freezes, lowering his vape pen in
text: shock. Ingrid tries to remain upbeat.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You can buff that right out.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: It was an honest mistake.
dialog: (more silence)
dialog: Don’t worry, I‘’1l pay for it.
text: Pinto leans against the truck with his head down, fighting
text: back tears. He bites his lip, trying to remain gangster.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Anything else I should know about?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Well... we may have found something
dialog: in the glove box --
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Are you fucking kidding me?!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: One thing led to another --
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: You stole my coke too?!
text: The cops, still idling in their car, both look up at Pinto.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks again, officers!
text: Pinto angles Ingrid away, leading her back to the house.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know what to say to you
dialog: right now, Ingrid. I trusted you.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I said I was sorry!
text: Pinto looks away, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: I thought you were Catwoman. Turns
dialog: out you were Two-Face all along.
text: Pinto storms back to his house, SLAMMING the door behind him.
text: Ingrid stands there, feeling guilty. DING! She looks down
text: at her phone. A new notification:
dialog: “@welltaylored has tagged a photo of you.”
text: Ingrid opens her Instagram excitedly.
text: ON THE SCREEN - A PHOTO of her and Taylor standing under the
text: Roy’s Motel & Cafe sign, looking like best friends.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
text: Feet on the ground, head in the
dialog: sky. Twin Ladies Emoji.
text: ECU: The photo already has 2,487 ‘Likes’ while the COMMENTS
text: section is littered with phrases like “Great shot!" and
text: “beauties” and “#squadgoals” and “Inspiring! !"
text: CLOSE on Ingrid as an elated smile spreads across her face.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Erin.
scene_heading: MUSIC CUE: MOZART’S “EXSULTATE, JUBILATE, K.165”
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - DAY
text: QUICK SHOTS of Ingrid printing out the INSTAGRAM PHOTO of her
text: and Taylor, cutting it out and sliding the finished image
text: into a standard-sized photo frame.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: You're probably wondering what I’ve
dialog: been up to the last few weeks.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE BEACH - MORNING
text: Ingrid is wearing a brand-new halterneck swimsuit, straw hat
text: and sunglasses, reading Norman Mailer’s The Deer Park.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Well, I decided to take your advice
dialog: and give myself a fresh start in
text: beautiful, sunny Los Angeles.
text: Her phone BUZZES. She lifts her sunglasses, squinting at it.
text: ON THE SCREEN - A text from Taylor reads: “Gallery opening
text: tonight. Wanna come?” Ingrid replies with a Thumbs Up emoji.
scene_heading: EXT. ART GALLERY - NIGHT
text: Through the front window, we see Taylor and Ezra introducing
text: Ingrid to a bunch of hip L.A. people.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: L.A. is the best. I found an
dialog: amazing house right by the beach
dialog: and I can’t believe how nice and
dialog: cool everyone is.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CAFE GRATITUDE - DAY
text: Ingrid is having brunch with Taylor and a group of her
text: girlfriends. Ingrid cracks a joke about their waiter and
text: everyone laughs. She smiles, feeling a little boost.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: I’m making a ton of new friends.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL STORE - DAY
text: Taylor leads Ingrid through the store, helping her pick out
text: stuff for her apartment. She hands Ingrid a ceramic pendant
text: lamp, gushing over how amazing it is. Ingrid waits until
text: Taylor walks away then peeks at the price tag: $1,350.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: My friend Taylor’s been helping me
dialog: explore my creative side, a part of
dialog: myself I never knew existed.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - DAY
text: The ceramic pendant lamp now hangs from the ceiling. The
text: apartment has been transformed into a miniature version of
text: Taylor's house, with Ezra’s “SQUAD GOALS” painting hanging
text: prominently on the wall amidst books and hanging plants.
text: Ingrid holds up her phone, snapping a photo of her space.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Lately, I’ve been getting really
dialog: into photography.
text: IN QUICK CUTS we see Ingrid add a filter to the photo, post
text: it to Instagram, and watch as it starts racking up ‘Likes’.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: You should follow me on Instagram.
dialog: I have almost a thousand followers
dialog: and I’m adding new ones every day.
scene_heading: EXT. PINTO’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid walks up to the front porch, leaving an envelope
text: labeled “INGRID RENT” on the door mat.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.0.)
dialog: I have a boyfriend now too. His
dialog: name is Dan and he’s an absurdly
dialog: talented screenwriter.
text: Ingrid walks away, glancing back over her shoulder.
text: HER POV - Pinto is spying on her from a second-floor window.
text: He quickly disappears behind the curtain.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: He’s writing the new Batman movie.
dialog: How cool is that?
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid unzips the L.L. Bean backpack. There is noticeably
text: less cash than before. Ingrid frowns and quickly zips it
text: back up, trying not to think about it.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Turns out you were right. All it
dialog: took was some money and I finally
dialog: have the life I always wanted.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE STREET - DAY
text: ECU: A letter with no return address drops into a mailbox.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: With love, always... Ingrid.
text: Ingrid pedals away on her bike, wearing a light-colored
text: sundress, a bottle of rosé in her front basket. We hear LOUD
text: ROCK MUSIC blasting from an approaching car as --
text: A red Mustang convertible blows through the stop sign just as
text: Ingrid is crossing the intersection. She swerves, crashing
text: into a row of trash cans and flipping over the handlebars.
text: Ingrid sits up just in time to see the driver, a DUDE ina
text: backwards “Make America Great Again” hat, speeding away.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Fucking asshole!
scene_heading: EXT. TAYLOR’S HOUSE - LATER
text: Ingrid walks up, flustered, her dress covered in dirt. She
text: pauses, noticing the RED MUSTANG parked in the driveway.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - TAYLOR’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ingrid enters to see Taylor laying out food on a small table
text: surrounded by floor pillows. Ezra is crouched in the corner,
text: flipping through a crate of LPs. Taylor looks up, concerned.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: INGRID
text: Some idiot ran a stop sign and
dialog: almost killed me.
dialog: (re: Mustang)
dialog: Whose car is that in the driveway?
text: The screen door slams 0.S. Ingrid turns to see the DUDE in
text: the Trump hat (NICKY SLOANE, 29) emerge from the house
text: wearing Chubbies shorts and a Patagonia fleece, drinking milk
text: from the carton. Ingrid freezes, instantly recognizing him.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: God I love L.A. I just saw two
text: homeless chicks on the street
text: duking it out bumfight-style.
text: Nicky notices Ingrid and stares at her, confused.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT’D)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Nicky, this is Ingrid. Ingrid,
dialog: this is my brother Nicky. He flew
dialog: in from Paris this morning without
dialog: telling us.
text: Nicky nods at Ingrid indifferently.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: ‘Sup.
text: Ingrid flashes Nicky a tight-lipped smile.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: So nice to meet you. How long are
dialog: you in town for?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Haven't decided yet. I figure at
dialog: least a few weeks.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: (looking up, alarmed)
dialog: A few weeks?
text: Taylor smiles, hugging Nicky and leaning on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Best surprise ever.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Brunch is underway. Nicky is dominating the conversation,
text: chain-smoking and drinking La Croix. Taylor is hanging on
text: his every word while Ezra feigns interest. Ingrid glares at
text: Nicky, eyes filled with contempt for this unwelcome intruder.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: -- so I’m in the Ritz lobby minding
dialog: my own business, when I happen to
dialog: strike up a conversation with this
dialog: Chinese billionaire named Bruno.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (to Ingrid)
dialog: Nicky and I took Mandarin in
dialog: college.
text: Nicky says something to Taylor in Mandarin that makes her
text: CRACK UP. Ezra and Ingrid both watch, feeling excluded.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Anyway, next thing I know, we’re at
dialog: some random wedding with our shirts
dialog: off, having a push-up contest. I’m
dialog: winning, obviously, when all of a
dialog: sudden the groom’s dad grabs us
text: from behind and jacks us up by our
text: throats like he’s Darth Vader or
dialog: some shit. So I decide it’s a good
dialog: idea to take a swing at him --
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: You were sober during all this?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (raises his right hand)
dialog: Scout’s honor. Of course the cops
dialog: show up and everyone scatters. I
dialog: end up hitching a ride to the
dialog: airport only to realize I left my
dialog: credit card at the hotel. So there
dialog: I am, stranded at De Gaulle with my
dialog: dick in my hand, when who do I see?
text: Nicky pulls his eyes into two slits.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT’D)
dialog: Herro, Nicky!
text: Ingrid blanches. Taylor’s smile fades a little. Ezra looks
text: like he’s had enough, standing up.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Great story, Nicky. If anyone
dialog: needs me, I’1l be in my studio.
text: Ezra walks into the garage, the door slamming behind him.
text: Nicky rolls his eyes at Taylor, who says nothing. Ingrid
text: looks between them, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Anyway, this little fucker Bruno is
dialog: so grateful to me for showing hima
dialog: good time, he buys me a first class
dialog: ticket to L.A. I watched twelve
dialog: hours of Family Guy and got a hand-
dialog: job from some fashion chick named
dialog: Harley something or other --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Harley Chung?!
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Bingo. That’s the one.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I’m obsessed with Harley. Her
dialog: stuff is the best. She has, like,
text: over a million followers.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: We're having dinner tomorrow night
dialog: at the Chateau if you wanna join?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Um, obviously!
text: Ingrid leans forward, sucking air.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Actually, we’re supposed to see
dialog: Willy Wonka at the Hollywood
dialog: Forever Cemetery tomorrow. I
dialog: already bought the tickets, so...
text: Taylor looks crestfallen.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh yeah... that’s right.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hey, no worries. You guys should
dialog: totally go see a forty year old
text: dogshit kids movie at a cemetery
dialog: instead. That sounds way more fun.
text: Ingrid blushes, feeling embarrassed.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Don’t be a prick, Nicky.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I was joking! I’m sure you can
dialog: meet her some other time.
text: Taylor turns to Ingrid with an apologetic smile.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Do you mind if I bail? Nicky and I
dialog: literally never see each other.
dialog: But you should absolutely go
dialog: without me. You can bring Dan!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (deflated)
dialog: Oh, um... yeah, sure --
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (to Taylor)
dialog: Hey, remember that girl from
dialog: Andover who looked exactly like
dialog: Gene Wilder?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh my God, yes! What a weirdo!
text: Taylor and Nicky crack up. Ingrid feels left out.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - EVENING
text: Ingrid is sitting on her couch, sipping a Corona and
text: scrolling through Instagram when she pauses.
text: ON THE SCREEN - We see a PHOTO of Taylor, Nicky and HARLEY
text: CHUNG doing silly poses inside a candy-themed photo booth.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
text: Wonka vibes with @harleychung at
dialog: the Hollywood Cemetery tonight.
text: Ingrid stares at the photo, feeling a torrent of emotions.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD FOREVER CEMETERY - EVENING
text: A swarm of people are seated on the lawn with chairs and
text: picnic blankets, eating and drinking. A DJ spins music in
text: front of a giant mausoleum that doubles as a movie screen.
text: Ingrid appears, sweaty and out of breath, holding a Navajo
text: blanket. She frantically scans the crowd for Taylor.
text: HER POV - Taylor, Ezra and Nicky are sitting in a VIP SECTION
text: filled with pillows, blankets and ATTRACTIVE L.A. PEOPLE.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hey guys!
text: They all turn as Ingrid approaches. Taylor looks surprised.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Ingrid! What are you doing here?
text: Ingrid is hurt but tries not to show it.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Um... I invited you, remember?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh, right! Turns out Harley knows
dialog: the guy who runs this and she
dialog: hooked us up with VIP passes.
text: Ingrid stands there, expectantly, for an awkward beat.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Is it cool if I sit with you guys?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Yeah, totally.
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Harley, this is our friend, Ingrid.
text: Nicky’s date, HARLEY CHUNG, 30s, smiles up at her, looking
text: like a prettier, more polished version of Taylor.
speaker_heading: HARLEY CHUNG
dialog: Hey. Nice to meet you.
text: Ingrid nods. Nicky peers over at her, smiling mischievously.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: What up, Ingrid? Where’s your
dialog: imaginary boyfriend?
text: Taylor punches Nicky’s arm, whispering.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Stop.
dialog: (to Ingrid; explaining)
dialog: We were just talking about how we
dialog: still haven’t met Dan and Nicky
dialog: made a joke about him being your
dialog: imaginary boyfriend. It was dumb.
text: Ingrid forces a laugh, trying to be a good sport about it.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: So... when can we meet him?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh, Dan’s really busy with work
dialog: stuff right now. He’s a writer --
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Oompa loompa doopity doo, I lied
dialog: about my boyfriend to you.
text: Harley laughs. Ingrid’s smile vanishes.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: You should bring him this weekend.
dialog: Harley's house-sitting this rad
dialog: place in Malibu.
dialog: (to Harley)
dialog: I mean, if there’s room, obviously.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No no, go ahead, Ezra. Invite
dialog: whoever the fuck you want.
speaker_heading: HARLEY CHUNG
dialog: (to Ingrid)
dialog: It’s totally fine. You guys are
dialog: more than welcome.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (cheery)
dialog: Great. Sounds fun!
text: Just then, a FRAT GUY stumbles by, accidentally spilling beer
text: all over Harley’s dress without noticing. She gasps.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Hey! Watch where you're going,
dialog: jackoff!
text: The frat guy turns, realizing.
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY
dialog: Oh shit. My bad.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You call that an apology?
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY
dialog: Sorry. Didn’t see you there.
text: Nicky stands, getting in the guy’s face.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Can you see me now?
speaker_heading: FRAT GUY
dialog: Dude, relax. It was an accident.
text: Nicky shoves the guy, causing him to stumble backwards.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Sorry. Didn’t see you there, dude.
text: Taylor quickly pulls Nicky away, holding him back.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What the hell is wrong with you?
dialog: Are you trying to get arrested
dialog: right now?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: He started it.
text: A SECURITY GUARD with a clipboard comes lumbering over.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Is there a problem here?
speaker_heading: HARLEY CHUNG
dialog: No, no, everything’s fine.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Can I have everybody’s name please?
speaker_heading: HARLEY CHUNG
dialog: Harley Chung?
dialog: (adding)
dialog: I'm friends with John.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (scanning his list)
dialog: Okay, you’re good.
dialog: (to Ingrid)
dialog: Your name, miss?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Ingrid Thorburn?
text: The security guard scans his list, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: I don’t have you on here.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Right, well... I’m not technically
dialog: on the list but these are my
dialog: friends, so --
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Sorry, but if you’re not on the
dialog: list you can’t be here.
text: Ingrid looks to Taylor, who flashes a conciliatory smile.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: We'll hang this weekend! I/’11 text
dialog: you all the info.
dialog: 63.
text: Ingrid nods, getting the message. Nicky waves ‘bye-bye’ as
text: the security guard escorts her out of the VIP area.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD FOREVER CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: The screening is underway. Ingrid is sitting alone on the
text: steps of a mausoleum, looking miserable.
speaker_heading: WILLY WONKA (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, the danger must be growing,
dialog: ‘cause the rowers keep on rowing,
dialog: and they’re certainly not showing
dialog: any signs that they are slowing!
text: HER POV - Taylor and Harley are sharing a joint while Nicky
text: cracks jokes. They all laugh, having a blast without Ingrid.
scene_heading: EXT. PINTO’S HOUSE - DAY
text: Pinto glides up on his two-wheeled scooter, rounding the
text: corner to find Ingrid sitting on his doorstep. He pauses.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hi Dan.
text: Silence. Pinto looks past Ingrid, avoiding eye contact.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Nothing. Just wanted to say hey.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I brought you something.
text: She produces a box from behind her back and hands it to
text: Pinto. He reluctantly opens it, revealing a mint-condition
text: Batman Forever varsity bomber jacket. Pinto rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Nice try, Ingrid.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What? You don’t like it?
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Of course I like it. That’s why I
dialog: bought one off eBay two years ago.
speaker_heading: INGRID
text: Check the front pocket.
text: Pinto finds a JAR OF WEED in the pocket. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: This is indica. Everybody knows I
dialog: only smoke sativa. Besides, a
dialog: replacement eight-ball would have
dialog: been more appropriate.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Look, I’m trying, okay?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: You did eight grand worth of damage
dialog: to my car, Ingrid! Try harder!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Fine! You're right! I took
dialog: advantage of you and I’m really
dialog: sorry! I just wish we could start
dialog: over and pretend like none of that
dialog: stuff ever happened.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (curious)
dialog: You mean, like a reboot?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Um... Sure.
text: Pinto nods, considering this. He takes a quick vape hit.
scene_heading: INT. THE WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: A cheesy tiki restaurant with bamboo and faux-Polynesian
text: tchotchkes everywhere. Pinto and Ingrid are sitting ina
text: booth wearing matching Batman Forever jackets and sharing a
text: Flaming Volcano with two straws.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: I read somewhere that Darren
dialog: Aronofsky was attached to direct
dialog: Batman: Year One. How sick would
dialog: that have been?
text: Ingrid is clearly bored but trying to seem engaged.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh my God. So sick.
text: Pinto leans back, taking in the ambiance.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: This place is fucking tight.
text: Ingrid glances around, visibly unimpressed.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You come here a lot?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: I’m what you’d call a regular.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Hey, Cindy! What up, girl?
text: A waitress (CINDY) walks by. She pauses, confused.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Hi. Can I help you?
text: Silence. Pinto laughs.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Cindy, it’s me. Dan Pinto.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: (awkward beat)
dialog: Oh! Right. Well, um... Let me
dialog: just finish with this other table
dialog: and I’1l be right with you, Don.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Dan.
text: She smiles politely and walks off. A long, painful silence.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I’m sure she’s just really busy.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Yeah, no, totally.
text: Pinto sucks on his straw. More silence.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Can I ask you something?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Go for it.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Why do you like Batman so much?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Gee, I don’t know. Maybe because
dialog: he’s the most dynamic bad-ass in
dialog: the history of entertainment?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Really? That’s it?
text: Pinto looks down, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Actually, uh... both my parents
dialog: died when I was a kid, so... I
dialog: guess I related to him since we're
dialog: both orphans.
text: Ingrid stares at Pinto with newfound sympathy.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh my God. I’m so sorry. I had no
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (shrugs it off)
dialog: It’s cool. At the time, I didn’t
dialog: really know how to cope so... I
text: started wearing a Batman mask to
dialog: school every day and made the
dialog: teachers call me Bruce. The other
dialog: kids made fun of me, but I think it
dialog: kind of helped me to pretend like
dialog: it happened to someone else. Like,
dialog: even though I was wearing a mask, I
dialog: felt more like myself, you know?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh, I don’t really like Batman.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: No, I mean, how did your mom die?
text: Ingrid is caught off-guard by Pinto’s sincerity.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Heart attack.
dialog: (adding)
dialog: She drank a lot.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Were you guys close?
text: Ingrid pauses, as if considering this for the first time.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah. We were. It felt like I
dialog: lost my best friend, you know?
text: Ingrid shrugs it off, eyes welling with tears. Pinto looks
text: concerned. He scoots over to Ingrid’s side, consoling her.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: (sniffing)
dialog: God, listen to me. You must think
dialog: I’m the worst.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: No way. Are you kidding?
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: I know I might seem like a cold-
text: blooded gangster on the outside,
dialog: but... I really like you, Ingrid.
text: Ingrid stares at Pinto like no one has ever said this to her
text: before. They lock eyes for a long moment, then --
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid and Pinto are having sweaty, alcohol-fueled sex.
text: Ingrid lies face-down on the bed while Pinto jackhammers her
text: from behind. He pauses, catching his breath.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Wait.
text: Ingrid looks back at him, confused.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: No, nothing, it’s just...
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: Would you mind calling me Bruce?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You want me to call you Bruce?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Like Bruce Way--
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah, no, I got it.
dialog: (turns back around)
dialog: Fuck me, Bruce.
text: Pinto resumes thrusting with renewed vigor.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Say “Gotham Needs You.”
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Gotham needs you.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Say it like Catwoman.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (sexy voice)
dialog: Gotham needs you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Meow.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Oh shit I’m gonna come --
text: CLOSE on Ingrid’s face turned to the side as Pinto finishes
text: on her back. She stares longingly at something 0.S.
text: HER POV - The framed Instagram photo of her and Taylor in
text: Joshua Tree is propped up on her bedside table.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ingrid and Pinto are lying on their backs. Pinto is enjoying
text: a post-coital vape while Ingrid stares at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: You were really great, by the way.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Thanks. So were you.
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: Hey, so... some friends of mine are
dialog: going up to Malibu this weekend if
dialog: you wanna come?
text: Pinto looks conflicted.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Man I'd love to, but my producer
dialog: Jeremy's getting married in
dialog: Martha’s Vineyard this weekend.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Oh. Okay. Nevermind then.
text: Ingrid rolls over on her side. Pinto looks panicked.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: You know what? Fuck it. I didn’t
dialog: feel like schlepping all the way
dialog: out there anyway. Count me in.
text: Ingrid smiles. She turns back, cuddling up to Pinto.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You're the best, Dan.
text: Pinto places his arms around her, stroking her skin.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Whaddya say? You ready for round
dialog: two? I can feel the Dark Knight
dialog: rising...
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I'm pretty tired actually.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Yeah, no, me too. I’11 just run
dialog: and grab my toothbrush.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Actually, um... Is it okay if you
dialog: don’t sleep over tonight? I have
dialog: trouble falling asleep when there's
dialog: somebody else in bed with me.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Oh. Yeah, no worries.
text: Ingrid picks up her phone and starts scrolling through her
text: Instagram. Pinto slips out of bed, getting dressed.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Excited for this weekend.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Yep.
text: Pinto stands there, nodding awkwardly, then quietly heads
text: out. He pauses at the door, turning back and smiling.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Sweet dreams, Ingrid.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Pinto exits. Ingrid sighs, feeling relieved.
scene_heading: EXT. MALIBU HOUSE - DAY
text: Pinto’s truck pulls up outside a beachfront house in Malibu.
text: Ingrid jumps out followed by Pinto, who is now dressed
text: exactly like Ezra in a felt hat, chambray shirt buttoned all
text: the way, white jeans, and a pair of Red Wings.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hurry up! We’re already late.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (tugging his collar)
dialog: Do I seriously have to keep this
dialog: buttoned up all the way?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yes. It looks better like that.
dialog: Don’t be such a baby.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (whiny)
dialog: I’m not.
text: They make their way down a footpath towards the beach.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Let’s go over some ground rules.
dialog: First, I kind of need you to act
dialog: like you're my boyfriend.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Seriously?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: It’s a long story and I can’t
dialog: really get into it right now but --
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Ingrid, I get it. You don’t have
dialog: to make up some elaborate story to
dialog: hide your feelings. It’s obvious
dialog: you're into me.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Huh?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Relax. I’m into you too. Of
dialog: course I’ll be your boyfriend.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Um... okay, fine, whatever. Rule
dialog: number two. No Batman talk.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: I’m sorry, what?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: These people don’t care about
dialog: superheroes, okay? They care about
dialog: stuff that’s actually cool. Like
text: food and clothes and Joan Didion.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (sighing dramatically)
dialog: Anything else, your majesty?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yes. Whatever you do, stay away
dialog: from Nicky.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Who's Nicky?
speaker_heading: NICKY (0.S.)
dialog: Yo, Thorburn!
text: They turn to see Nicky walking up from the beach, wearing his
text: Trump hat and neon swim trunks, carrying a bunch of firewood.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (hushed; to Pinto)
dialog: Taylor’s brother. He’s a liar and
dialog: a drug addict and he’s not to be
dialog: trusted under any circumstances.
dialog: (to Nicky)
dialog: Hey! Sorry, bad traffic --
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: (re: Pinto)
dialog: Who’s this fuggin guy?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Nicky, this is Dan Pinto.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: My “imaginary” boyfriend?
text: Ingrid smiles. Nicky squints at Pinto, trying to place him.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Wait... Dan Pinto? From Chicago?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Do we know each other?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You're Mark Pinto’s son, aren't you?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Uh...
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Get the fuck out! Thorburn, why
dialog: didn’t you tell me?
text: Ingrid looks between Pinto and Nicky with a confused smile.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Tell you what?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Your boyfriend’s dad runs one of
dialog: the biggest hedge funds in the
text: world. He pulled in over three
dialog: hundred mil last year. Dude’s a
dialog: fucking Viking.
text: Ingrid stares at Pinto, who now has a guilty look on his
text: face. He glances awkwardly up at the sky.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Gonna be a scorcher today, huh?
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MALIBU HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid and Pinto are in the middle of a heated argument.
text: Pinto is wearing Nicky’s hat for some reason.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You told me your parents were dead!
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: I'm sorry, okay? I didn’t want you
dialog: thinking I was just some spoiled
dialog: rich kid.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What was all that shit about you
dialog: wearing a Batman mask to school?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: That part was true actually.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You're unbelievable.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Me? You’re the one dressing me up
dialog: like your little twink so you can
dialog: impress these hipsters --
text: There is a KNOCK. Taylor peeks inside, looking concerned.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Hey. Is everything okay?
text: Ingrid’s demeanor changes completely. She smiles.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Totally! We were just talking
dialog: about how incredible this place is.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Can I grab you guys a drink?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Yeah, I’d love one.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Nicky won’t stop talking about you
dialog: by the way. I think somebody might
dialog: have a little man crush.
text: They look out the window to see Nicky building a fire in the
text: backyard and holding a lit cigar. He glances up at them.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Pinto! Get your ass down here! I
dialog: got a Cohiba with your name on it!
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Hell yeah! One sec!
text: Taylor smiles and exits. Pinto turns back to Ingrid.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Why did you tell me to stay away
dialog: from Nicky? From what I can tell,
dialog: he seems like a pretty chill guy.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: He’s only being nice to you because
dialog: of your dad! Can’t you see that?!
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Oh, right, because there’s no way
dialog: he could possibly like me for my
dialog: personality. Is that it?
text: Ingrid sighs, feeling bad.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Fine. You can hang out with him if
dialog: you want. Just don’t embarrass me.
dialog: (re: Trump hat)
dialog: Where did you get that hat?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Nicky gave it to me.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Take it off. Now.
text: Ingrid glares at Pinto. He sighs, taking it off.
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU HOUSE - LATER
text: Ingrid comes downstairs to see Taylor and Harley making
text: dinner in the kitchen. She pauses, eavesdropping.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Nicky tells me you guys have a
dialog: place in Joshua Tree.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yes! Have you been?
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: No, but I’m dying to go. I've been
dialog: thinking of doing a pop-up out
dialog: there for our resort collection.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Okay, can I tell you a secret?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It sounds crazy, but I’ve been
dialog: thinking of buying the house next
text: door to us and turning into a
dialog: boutique hotel where everything in
dialog: it is for sale. I’m calling it
dialog: Desert D’Or.
text: CLOSE on Ingrid as she overhears this, looking hurt.
speaker_heading: HARLEY CHUNG
dialog: That’s genius. Would you ever
dialog: consider doing a collaboration?
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yes! We should totally join
dialog: forces.
text: Ingrid steels herself and enters the kitchen, smiling.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hey! Either of you noble humans
dialog: need a hand?
text: Taylor and Harley turn, exchanging a confused look.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: “Noble humans”...?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah, you know. The last lines of
dialog: Deer Park? You said you were
dialog: obsessed with it so I figured I
dialog: should read it. So good!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh, cool. Glad you liked it.
dialog: (to Harley)
dialog: Hey, why don’t you and Nicky come
dialog: out next weekend? We’ll take you
dialog: to Pappy’s. They have great live
text: music and the best desert vibes.
text: Ingrid feels a stab of jealousy. She is about to speak when
text: Nicky and Pinto enter from outside wearing swim trunks.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Who wants to go skinny dipping?!
text: Nicky pulls down his trunks, revealing a MANGINA. Taylor and
text: Harley burst out laughing as Nicky prances around the room
text: like Mick Jagger. Ingrid looks isolated and miserable.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MALIBU HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Dinner has ended and everyone is drinking around a crackling
text: fire. Ingrid takes out her phone, punching in her password.
text: Feeling eyes on her, she looks up to see Nicky sitting next
text: to her, glancing over her shoulder. He turns away quickly.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: I was at some tech start-up the
dialog: other day and they had this absurd
dialog: art collection... which really
dialog: bugged me, you know? Like, what
dialog: kind of statement are they trying
dialog: to make?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: That they, as a company, have good
dialog: taste? That’s bullshit. You can’t
dialog: just acquire taste. It’s something
dialog: you earn, something you cultivate
dialog: over years and years --
text: Nicky looks at Pinto making a jerk-off motion. Pinto laughs.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Something to add, Nicky?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I just don’t think you’d be saying
dialog: that if they had one of your
text: paintings up on their walls.
text: Ezra pauses, looking flustered.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: You're missing the point.
dialog: (to Taylor)
dialog: C’mon, back me up here, babe.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I mean... I kind of agree with
dialog: Nicky. If someone likes what
dialog: you're doing and wants to be a part
dialog: of it, why does it matter what
dialog: their intentions are?
text: Ezra looks at Taylor, feeling betrayed. He gets up and
text: quietly trudges off down the beach.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Ezra, come back.
text: Ezra gives her the finger. Taylor looks embarrassed.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: So, Dan. I hear you're a writer?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Screenwriter, actually.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: What are you working on?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: I just finished a draft of my new
dialog: feature, but --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: He can’t really talk about it yet.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Fuck that Hollywood bullshit.
dialog: We're all friends here. Give us
dialog: your elevator pitch.
text: Pinto looks at Ingrid, not sure what to say.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Well, it’s kind of a re-imagining
dialog: of a classic superhero story.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Is it Batman?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: How’d you know?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Ingrid and I were admiring your CD
dialog: collection on our way to J-Tree.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I always thought the third movie was
dialog: the most underrated.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Dude, that’s exactly how I feel!
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: So when can I read this thing?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Ehh, it’s sort of a work in
dialog: progress. I was supposed to do a
dialog: table read a few weeks ago but one
dialog: of my actresses flaked on me.
text: Pinto shoots a pointed look at Ingrid.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Let’s do that shit right now. You
dialog: have it on you?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: No, but I can email you guys a PDF
dialog: and we can read it off our phones.
text: Ingrid tenses up.
dialog: 77.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Come on, guys. Do we really want
dialog: to be sitting here in this amazing
dialog: house just staring at our phones
dialog: the whole night?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeah, I’m with Ingrid.
text: Ingrid smiles, relieved. Harley shrugs.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: I dunno. I’ve never acted before.
dialog: Could be fun.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (backpedaling)
dialog: I mean, I’m down if everyone else is.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Sorry, Thorburn. Majority rules.
text: Pinto is psyched. Ingrid looks at Taylor, feeling betrayed.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: A live read of Pinto’s script is underway. Pinto reads the
text: action aloud while the others follow along on their phones.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
text: “Catwoman removes the blade from
text: his back and does a backflip off of
dialog: the roof.”
text: Pinto looks at Ingrid. She reads her lines aloud:
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (monotone)
dialog: “Sorry, Bruce. If you play with
dialog: cats, you’re bound to get
dialog: scratched.”
text: Pinto mouths along to this line, satisfied, as he scrolls.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
text: “Batman collapses onto the ground,
text: clutching his wound. Through the
text: darkness, we can see blood seeping
text: out from beneath his cape. As the
text: camera cranes upward, we see that
text: the pool of blood has formed into
dialog: the shape... of a BAT.”
dialog: (dramatic beat)
dialog: Fade out.
dialog: 79.
text: A long silence. Ingrid glances around, trying to gauge
text: everyone’s reaction.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Holy shit, Pinto.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: That bad, huh?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I told him it needed more work.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No. It’s fucking incredible.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Come on. Seriously?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeah. That was really good. And I
dialog: don’t even like those movies.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: Me neither. I feel like I need to
dialog: catch my breath. I mean... wow.
text: Pinto blushes. Ingrid looks completely bewildered.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I got one note. You ready for it?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Bring it on, brother.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You gotta lose the Batman shit.
text: Pinto’s smile fades. A deafening silence.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: What? That’s the whole movie.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No. Fuck no. This is a movie
dialog: about discovering your true
dialog: identity in a world where everybody
dialog: wears masks. Don’t get me wrong,
dialog: that stuff kills, but I’m just
dialog: gonna go ahead and assume that you
dialog: don’t own the rights to the Batman
dialog: franchise.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Correct.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: So just change all the names and
dialog: you've got a completely original
dialog: script on your hands.
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: But hey, what do I know? You’re
dialog: the artist. I’m just a fan.
text: Pinto is scrambling to type all of this into his phone.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: No, keep going. This is great.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I don’t like to talk shop in mixed
dialog: company. What do you say we
dialog: continue this conversation in
dialog: private over some fine Cuban
dialog: cigars? Excuse us, ladies.
text: Nicky leads Pinto away. Taylor looks around, confused.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Has anyone seen Ezra?
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: He’s been gone for a while.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Shit. I'd better go look for him.
speaker_heading: HARLEY
dialog: I‘1l come with you.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: We should split up actually.
text: Harley and I’11 look by the beach.
dialog: Ingrid, you check the house.
text: Taylor and Harley walk off together, leaving Ingrid alone.
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid is walking through the house, knocking on doors and
text: peering inside.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Ezra...? Hello...?
dialog: 81.
text: All the rooms are empty. As she heads for the stairs, she
text: pauses, hearing VOICES coming from a nearby bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MALIBU HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid opens the door and freezes. Nicky and Pinto are
text: hunched over, shirtless, chopping up gorilla fingers of coke
text: on Pinto’s Batman Forever CD case.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What is going on here?!
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: What’s it look like, Thorburn?
dialog: Keep your voice down.
text: Nicky snorts a line, rapidly pumping his fist. Ingrid shoots
text: Pinto a look, grabbing the bag of coke and holding it up.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Is this yours?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Yeah, I mean... you guys did so
dialog: much in Joshua Tree, I just assumed
dialog: you were all huge cokeheads.
text: Ingrid starts cleaning up all the drug paraphernalia.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Getting rid of this shit.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Whoa, whoa, hang on --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Do you know what would happen if
dialog: your sister found out about this?!
text: Just then, the door opens, revealing Taylor and Harley.
text: Ingrid turns, frozen, still holding the bag of coke.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Seriously, you guys?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Pinto and I were just talking about
dialog: the script when Ingrid came in and
dialog: started racking lines --
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What?! That is not true!
text: Taylor shakes her head, disappointed.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Whatever, Nicky. It’s your life.
dialog: If you wanna waste it, be my guest.
text: Taylor and Harley exit. Nicky makes an ‘eek’ face at Pinto.
scene_heading: INT. MALIBU HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid comes downstairs, chasing after Taylor.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Taylor, wait! I can explain!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (turning around)
dialog: What is there to explain? You knew
dialog: Nicky was sober.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: It was Dan’s! I had no idea!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh, come on, Ingrid. I saw how
dialog: much you did that night at Pappy’s.
dialog: I was there, okay?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Nicky’s lying! I wasn’t doing any!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Doing hard drugs a couple times a
dialog: year is one thing, but every
dialog: weekend? Not a good look.
text: Taylor walks off. Harley consoles her, flashing Ingrid a
text: look. Ingrid is speechless.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MALIBU HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid is sitting by herself, smoking a cigarette and staring
text: out at the ocean, when she notices Ezra perched on a rock,
text: wearing a towel and drinking wine from the bottle.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (squinting)
dialog: Ezra...? Is that you?
dialog: 83.
text: He ignores her, taking another swig. Ingrid walks over.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Where have you been? We’ve been
dialog: looking for you all night.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: (distant)
dialog: I went skinny dipping.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: By yourself?
text: Ezra says nothing. Ingrid sits down next to him.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Is everything okay?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: No. Not really.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Do you ever wish you could just
dialog: walk into the ocean and disappear?
text: Ingrid stares at Ezra, genuinely confused.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Why would you say that? Your life
dialog: is perfect.
text: Silence. Ezra stares off into space.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Nicky’s right, you know. I’m not an
dialog: artist. I’m a fucking charlatan.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hey, come on. Don’t listen to him.
dialog: I think your paintings are awesome.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Yeah, well... that makes one of
dialog: you. So far, you’re my only sale.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I thought Taylor said they were
dialog: really popular.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: She would say that, wouldn’t she?
dialog: Everything's “the best” with her.
dialog: You have to try this restaurant.
dialog: It’s “the best”.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you seen these clothes?
dialog: They’re “the best”. It’s
text: exhausting after a while.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Yeah. I know what you mean.
dialog: (confessing)
dialog: When we were in Joshua Tree she
dialog: told me this secret and she said
dialog: not to tell anyone, but then I
dialog: heard her telling the exact same
dialog: thing to Harley earlier tonight.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: What secret?
text: Ingrid looks at Ezra, debating whether to tell him or not.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Okay, don’t tell her I told you,
dialog: but... she wants to buy the house
dialog: next door to you guys and turn it
dialog: into some hotel-slash-store thing
dialog: called... Desert D’Or.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Desert D’Or...?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: It’s from her favorite book. The
dialog: Deer Park. Which fucking sucks by
dialog: the way.
text: Ezra laughs to himself, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you laughing?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: The Deer Park is my favorite book.
dialog: Taylor’s never even read it.
text: Ingrid considers this. Ezra pauses, looking wistful.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: I wish you’d known the old Taylor.
dialog: Back when she first moved here.
dialog: She didn’t know anyone yet. She
dialog: was this total preppie sorority
dialog: chick. Her favorite band was
dialog: Coldplay, for fuck’s sake.
dialog: (faint smile)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: It was refreshing how earnest she
dialog: was. Kind of like you, actually.
text: Ingrid seems unsure of how to take this remark. Ezra sighs.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: I miss how things used to be. When
dialog: it was just the two of us. I miss
dialog: having a day job. I miss waking up
dialog: and going to the office. I miss
dialog: being around people...
text: More silence. Ingrid places a hand on Ezra’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry to burden you with all of
dialog: this, it’s just... Sometimes I
dialog: feel like I don’t have anyone I can
dialog: talk to about this stuff, you know?
text: Ezra looks at Ingrid, placing a hand on her thigh.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a good listener.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: Aw, thanks. So are you.
text: A sweet moment. Ezra smiles at her, his gaze lingering a
text: beat too long. Ingrid looks down, noticing Ezra’s hand
text: making its way up her thigh, towards her crotch --
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Ezra...
text: He leans in suddenly, kissing her on the mouth. Ingrid
text: pauses, stunned, then pushes him away.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: What is wrong with you?!
text: Ezra freezes, looking stunned.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: I thought this is what you wanted.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What?! Why would you think that?!
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: I dunno. Why else would you have
dialog: bought one of my shitty paintings?
dialog: I’ve seen the way you look at me.
dialog: 86.
text: Ingrid stares at Ezra in disbelief then storms off towards
text: the house. Ezra chases after her, looking scared.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Ingrid, wait! You’re not gonna
dialog: tell Taylor about this, are you?
text: Ezra grabs Ingrid’s arm, pleading with her.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Please don’t tell her. I’m begging
dialog: you. She’s all I’ve got.
text: Ezra’'s face contorts into a sad grimace. He hunches over,
text: crying softly. Ingrid watches, not sure what to do.
speaker_heading: EZRA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh fuck...
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Please don’t tell her. Please.
dialog: I‘1l do anything.
text: We HOLD on Ingrid, an idea dawning on her...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MALIBU HOUSE - MORNING
text: Ingrid comes downstairs, rubbing her eyes, to see Taylor
text: making coffee and cleaning up from the night before.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Morning.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Did Ezra ever come home last night?
text: Taylor sighs, wiping her brow.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeah. He and Nicky got in this
dialog: huge fight and Ezra told him he
dialog: can’t live with us anymore. He was
dialog: acting really strange. You didn’t
dialog: talk to him, did you?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: The whole coke thing must've set
dialog: him off I guess.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, Nicky got pissed and made
text: Harley drive him back at five in
dialog: the morning.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh my God. That’s horrible.
dialog: (extends her arms)
dialog: Come here.
text: Taylor leans in for a hug. Ingrid wraps her arms around her.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I’m sorry I freaked out at you last
dialog: night. I was really stressed out
dialog: and... I know it wasn’t your fault.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No, I’m the one who should be
dialog: sorry. I had no idea my boyfriend
dialog: was such a loser.
text: They glance out at the deck, where Pinto is passed out on the
text: ground wrapped in a Garfield blanket.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: So what’s the plan for today?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Ezra thought he and I could use a
dialog: romantic night together so he
dialog: booked us a room at the Chateau.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (slightly disappointed)
dialog: Oh... Okay.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Maybe we can grab lunch tomorrow?
text: Ingrid’s face brightens immediately.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Great! Sounds good.
text: Ingrid turns away, a tiny smile forming on her face.
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY
text: Pinto and Ingrid are driving in hungover silence. Ingrid
text: unplugs her phone and powers it on. She pauses, frowning.
text: ON THE SCREEN - The background image is a PHOTO of Nicky
text: doing the “eat pussy” gesture with his fingers.
dialog: 88.
text: Ingrid turns to Pinto, confused.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Did you change the background on my
dialog: phone?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Why would I do that?
text: Ingrid tries typing in her password but it doesn’t work.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I think I have someone’s else's
dialog: phone. Can you try calling me?
text: Pinto dials Ingrid’s number. Waits a beat.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
text: Straight to voicemail.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (suddenly anxious)
dialog: We have to go back.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Are you crazy? We’re almost home.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Well what the hell am I supposed to
dialog: do without my phone, Dan?!
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: I don’t know. Buy a new one?
text: Ingrid gets an idea. She pulls out Rothko’s MISSING DOG
text: flyer from her purse. Ingrid grabs Pinto’s phone and dials.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: You're welcome...
text: Ingrid rolls her eyes, turning away.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Hello...?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Taylor?! Hey! It’s Ingrid. Have
dialog: you seen my phone anywhere? I
dialog: think I may have left it there.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Oh no, we found it.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You did? Thank God...
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, Nicky has it. He said he
dialog: grabbed it this morning by
dialog: accident.
text: All the blood instantly drains from Ingrid’s face.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Nicky...?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Don’t worry, I gave him your
dialog: address. He said he’d be in touch.
dialog: (silence)
dialog: Hello...?
scene_heading: EXT. GUEST HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid walks up. There is a note taped to the door that
dialog: reads: “Mélisse, 8 PM. Love, Nicky :-)"
scene_heading: INT. MELISSE - EVENING
text: A fancy French restaurant. Ingrid enters to see Nicky seated
text: at a table with an array of food, talking to a WAITER and
text: consulting a wine list. He looks up as she approaches.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Thorburn! You made it. Have a
dialog: seat. You prefer red or white?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Uh... I’m good, thanks.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: No, no. I insist.
dialog: (to Waiter)
dialog: What’s your most expensive bottle?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: That would be the ‘82 Chateau
dialog: Lafite.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: And how much is that?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Three-thousand nine-hundred, sir.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Perfect.
text: The Waiter scuttles off. Ingrid takes a seat across from
text: him, watching as Nicky garnishes a plate of oysters.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t know about you but I could
dialog: really use a drink right about now.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Where’s my phone, Nicky?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Phone? What phone?
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: Oh, you mean this?
text: He pulls out Ingrid’s phone from his pocket.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT’D)
dialog: Funny. My sister has the exact
dialog: same case. You guys are so similar
dialog: it’s almost... creepy.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Give it back.
text: Ingrid reaches for her phone but Nicky yanks it away.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I gotta hand it to you, that was a
text: bold move, convincing Ezra to throw
dialog: me out on my ass like that.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Come on, Thorburn. You might have
dialog: my sister fooled but not me.
dialog: That’s the thing about Taylor. She
dialog: only wants to see the best in
dialog: people. Me? I’m the exact
dialog: opposite. I knew you were bad news
dialog: from the moment I saw you. And now
dialog: I have proof.
text: Ingrid watches as Nicky punches in her password.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s amazing how much you can learn
dialog: about someone just by looking
dialog: through their phone.
dialog: (swiping through)
dialog: Here's a picture of you with my
dialog: sister’s dog. Here’s the inside of
dialog: her medicine cabinet. Here’s one of
dialog: her sleeping. There’s a lot of
dialog: those. But my personal favorite are
dialog: the notes. These really kill me.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “Taylor’s favorite brunch spots”
dialog: “Taylor's favorite books” “Taylor's
dialog: favorite music”... This one’s just
dialog: called “TAYLOR” and is basically a
dialog: list of everything she owns --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Look, I’m not a bad person, okay?
dialog: I just want to be her friend. Can
dialog: I please have my phone back?
text: Nicky winces, sucking air.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Can’t do it, Ingrid. This is just
dialog: too good an opportunity to pass up.
dialog: You're fucked here no matter what.
dialog: So here’s the deal. I’m not gonna
dialog: give you your phone back, but... I
dialog: would consider renting it to you.
dialog: For a nominal fee, of course.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: How much do you want?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: You pay me, let’s say... five grand
dialog: once a week and I promise not to
dialog: tell my sister and everyone else in
dialog: L.A. what a fucking loser you are.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Once a week? For how long?
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: What do you mean? For however long
dialog: you want your friendship with my
dialog: sister to continue.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I don’t have that kind of money.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Sure you do. Disco Dan told me all
dialog: about your dead mom and your
dialog: backpack full of cash. Makes
dialog: sense. How else could someone with
dialog: no job afford to drop everything
dialog: and move to L.A.
text: Ingrid swallows, panicking.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I can pay you the five grand but
dialog: that’s it.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: This isn’t a negotiation, Ingrid.
text: Ingrid stares at Nicky, shaking her head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Fine. Now can I have my phone
dialog: back, please?
text: Nicky smiles. He slides her phone across the table.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: I’m staying at the Jolly Roger down
text: by the marina. Room 237.
text: The waiter appears, presenting the bottle of expensive wine.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Here you are, sir. This is the
dialog: Chateau Lafite 1982 --
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Thanks, boss. I got this.
text: The waiter leaves the bottle on the table and exits. Nicky
text: pours a glass and holds it up to his nose, inhaling deeply.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT’D)
dialog: Cheers.
text: Nicky downs the entire glass. He grabs the bottle of wine
text: and stands, motioning to all of the half-eaten food.
speaker_heading: NICKY (CONT’D)
dialog: This one’s on you by the way.
text: Nicky exits, whistling to himself. We HOLD on Ingrid, eyes
dialog: burning with hatred...
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE STREET - NIGHT
text: Ingrid rides her bike home, looking spun out. She pauses at
text: a stoplight and stares up at a billboard.
text: HER POV - A battered woman’s face with the caption, “IF YOU
text: CAN SEE IT, YOU CAN CHANGE IT. DON’T TURN A BLIND EYE.”
text: She hears laughter nearby, noticing a group of TEENAGE BOYS
text: smoking weed at a playground across the street.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - NIGHT
text: The boys all look up, whispering as Ingrid approaches.
speaker_heading: FAT BOY
dialog: Can we help you?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I‘'1l give one of you two hundred
dialog: bucks to punch me in the face.
text: Silence, then... the boys burst out laughing.
speaker_heading: FAT BOY
dialog: Yo, get the fuck outta here!
text: Ingrid pulls out two hundred in cash. The boys get quiet.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: If you pussies can’t handle it I'll
dialog: find someone else.
text: The boys all shake their heads, muttering to themselves.
text: Ingrid is about to leave when one the boys steps forward.
speaker_heading: TALL BOY
dialog: Fuck it. I/’11 do it.
text: The other boys start shouting and covering their mouths.
speaker_heading: OTHER BOYS
dialog: Oh shit! Hell yeah!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (to Tall Boy)
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: TALL BOY
dialog: Let me see that money first.
text: Ingrid hands him two hundred dollars. One of the other boys
text: starts filming the whole thing with his cell phone.
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hit me as hard as you can. Right
text: in the face.
text: The Tall Boy readies himself, having second thoughts.
speaker_heading: TALL BOY
dialog: You sure about this?
text: Ingrid nods, closing her eyes. The Tall Boy winds up and
text: PUNCHES HER RIGHT IN THE FACE...
text: Ingrid doubles over, clutching her face and moaning. The
text: Tall Boy feels guilty. He puts his arm on Ingrid’s back.
speaker_heading: TALL BOY (CONT’D)
dialog: You okay?
text: Ingrid nods. She stands, revealing her face. It’s bright
text: red and she has a cut on her nose that is bleeding profusely.
speaker_heading: OTHER BOYS
dialog: Oh shit! Damn! You got fucked up!
text: Ingrid gets in the Tall Boy’s face, egging him on.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: That all you got, bitch?
speaker_heading: TALL BOY
dialog: (backing away)
dialog: Yo, let’s get the fuck out of here.
text: The boys look disturbed, turning and sprinting away.
text: PRE-LAP: A fist pounding urgently on a door.
scene_heading: EXT. PINTO’S HOUSE - LATE NIGHT
text: Pinto opens his door, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Ingrid? It’s four in the morning--
text: His expression falls when he sees Ingrid, now sporting a
text: prominent shiner under her left eye and crying profusely.
scene_heading: INT. PINTO’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid is on the couch, wrapped in a blanket and sipping a
text: Monster Energy Drink while Pinto paces back and forth.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: -- when I got home, I turned on the
dialog: lights and Nicky was there waiting
dialog: for me. He seemed drunk or on
dialog: drugs or something. I asked him
dialog: for my phone back but he wouldn’t
dialog: give it to me. He said he wanted
dialog: fifty thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Are you fucking serious right now?!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I told him I didn’t have that kind
dialog: of cash, but he didn’t believe me.
dialog: He said you told him about the
dialog: money my mom left me.
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Is that true?
text: Pinto is speechless.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: I mean... I don’t know! We were so
dialog: fucked up! I may have mentioned it
dialog: at some point --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Dan! Why would you do that?! I
dialog: told you how dangerous he was!
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Fuck it. I’m calling the cops.
text: Pinto reaches for his phone but Ingrid stops him.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No! He said he’d kill me if I told
dialog: anyone. Please. You don’t know
dialog: what he’s capable of.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: This is bullshit! We can’t let him
dialog: get away with this!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You want me to go pound his ass?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No, Dan. Believe me, I don’t like
dialog: this any more than you do but if
dialog: we're going to do something we have
dialog: to be smart about it.
text: Pinto looks at Ingrid, intrigued.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: What’d you have in mind?
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Ingrid and Pinto are parked outside of the JOLLY ROGER MOTEL.
text: Pinto is wearing a trenchcoat and dressed in all black.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: You really think this'll work?
text: THEIR POV - Nicky’s red Ford Mustang is parked in the lot.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You're asking me this now? After I
dialog: just bought a thousand dollars
dialog: worth of cocaine? Yes, I’m sure.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: What if someone sees me?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You’1l be in and out in two
text: minutes. Just break into his car,
dialog: plant the drugs, and leave.
text: Pinto pulls on a BATMAN MASK and picks up a crowbar.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: Rock and roll.
scene_heading: EXT. JOLLY ROGER MOTEL - NIGHT
text: Pinto hops out of his car and zig-zags through the parking
text: lot, keeping his head low. He pulls out a walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (into walkie talkie)
dialog: Ingrid, do you read me? Over.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH -- I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Ingrid speaks into her walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Yes, Dan. I can hear you.
text: Pinto arrives at Nicky’s car. He notices Nicky has left his
text: driver's side window slightly cracked.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: We got an open window here. I
dialog: think I can fit my arm inside so we
dialog: should be good to go.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Copy that. Great work, Dan.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
text: 10-4. Commencing radio silence.
text: CLICK. Pinto switches off his radio.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Wait, what? No. Keep your radio
dialog: on. Hello? Dan...?!
text: Ingrid sighs. She puts down the walkie-talkie and picks up
text: her phone, dialing 9-1-1. The EMERGENCY OPERATOR answers.
speaker_heading: EMERGENCY OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: 9-1-1. What’s your emergency?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Help! I’m at the Jolly Roger Motel
dialog: in Marina Del Rey and there’s a man
dialog: dealing drugs out of his car! It’s
dialog: a red Ford Mustang convertible!
scene_heading: EMERGENCY OPERATOR
dialog: Okay, ma’am, try and stay calm.
dialog: What is your name, please?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh my god, he has a gun! Hurry!
text: Ingrid hangs up the phone and smiles.
text: Pinto rolls up his sleeve and squeezes his arm through the
text: window, tossing the bag of coke onto the driver’s seat.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Mission accomplished.
text: He tries pulling his arm back out but it won’t budge. The
text: gap is too narrow. He tries again. Still nothing.
text: Ingrid watches as Pinto struggles to free himself.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Use the crowbar!
dialog: 98.
text: But Pinto can’t hear her. Ingrid notices something out her
text: window and her expression falls. She slides down in her
text: seat, peering over the steering wheel to see --
speaker_heading: NICKY
text: -- walking up with a RANDOM COLLEGE GIRL, drunk and laughing.
text: Ingrid picks up the walkie-talkie, panicking.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: (hissing; into radio)
dialog: Dan! Abort! Abort mission!
text: Not knowing what else to do, Ingrid HONKS the horn.
text: Nicky pauses, hearing the car horn. He looks around, seeing
text: Pinto with his arm stuck in the car window.
speaker_heading: NICKY
dialog: Holy shit. That’s my car, you son
dialog: of a bitch!
text: Nicky starts sprinting towards his car at full speed.
text: Pinto turns just in time to see Nicky running towards him --
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Oh shit!
text: Pinto SMASHES THE WINDOW with the crowbar, freeing his arm,
text: and takes off in the opposite direction.
text: Ingrid watches, helpless, as Nicky sprints towards Pinto at
text: full speed, tackling him onto the pavement.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (covering her mouth)
dialog: Oh my God!
text: CLOSE on Nicky as he pulverizes Pinto with a string of
text: relentless punches. The girl comes running over.
scene_heading: RANDOM COLLEGE GIRL
dialog: Stop! You’re gonna kill him!
text: Nicky pauses, catching his breath. He looks down at Pinto,
text: unresponsive, the mask still covering his face. Nicky cocks
text: his head to the side, reaching down to lift up the mask as --
text: A COP CAR comes barreling around the corner, screeching to a
text: halt. Nicky turns to see TWO COPS jump out, guns drawn.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: PUT YOUR HANDS UP! GET ON THE
text: FUCKING GROUND, ASSHOLE!
text: Nicky stands, confused, raising his hands in the air. The
text: COPS run over and forcibly throw Nicky on the ground, cuffing
text: him from behind. The girl is yelling at them to stop.
text: One of the cops comes over to Pinto, surveying the damage.
text: CLOSE on masked Pinto, mouth bloody, a few teeth missing...
speaker_heading: COP #2
dialog: Jesus Christ.
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Send an ambulance, now.
text: The first cop shines his flashlight through Nicky’s car
text: window, noticing the bag of coke on the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Well, well. What do we have here?
text: Ingrid quietly slips out of Pinto’s truck, tip-toeing away
text: from the scene unnoticed.
scene_heading: PRE-LAP: EKG MACHINE BEEPING SFX
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Pinto is lying in a hospital bed, unconscious, wearing a neck
text: brace, his forehead wrapped in bandages and a tube sticking
text: out of his mouth. An EKG machine BEEPS continuously.
text: Ingrid is sitting next to his bed, watching a commercial on
text: TV for Dominos Cinna Stix. Her phone RINGS. It’s Taylor.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Hey, girl! What’s up?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: Hey. You called me?
text: Ingrid reacts to her tone. Her voice seems cold and distant.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I was... just checking in. Hadn't
dialog: heard from you in a few days so --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Now’s not really a good time.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
text: Nicky’s in jail.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh my God. Have you talked to him?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: No, not yet.
text: Ingrid closes her eyes, giving herself a little fist pump.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Taylor, I am so sorry. Do you want
dialog: to grab a coffee and talk about it?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Shit, I gotta go. It’s my mom.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Okay. Feel better --
text: CLICK. Ingrid hangs up, feeling uncertain.
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK - DAY
text: Ingrid is sitting in Pinto’s truck, wearing the same clothes
text: from the night before, eating a box of Dominos Cinna Stix.
text: HER POV - She is parked across the street from Taylor's
text: house. Taylor’s car is gone and the curtains are drawn.
text: Ingrid looks at her phone, refreshing her Instagram feed.
text: ON THE SCREEN - A recent INSTAGRAM PHOTO of Taylor’s Joshua
dialog: Tree house with the caption:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Last minute escape to J Tree. Joni
text: Mitchell on repeat. Hashtag blue.
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY
text: Ingrid is driving at full speed through the desert, blasting
text: Joni Mitchell’s “Blue” through the speakers.
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - LATER
text: Ingrid pulls up outside of Taylor’s house in Joshua Tree.
dialog: 101.
text: HER POV - The driveway is empty. No one’s home.
scene_heading: INT. JOSHUA TREE HOUSE - DAY
text: We are inside the house looking out through the sliding glass
text: doors leading out to the patio. Ingrid appears, pressing her
text: face against the glass and peering inside. She KNOCKS twice.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Hello?!
scene_heading: EXT. JOSHUA TREE HOUSE - DAY
text: Ingrid walks up to the Airstream and KNOCKS on the door. She
text: tries the handle and it opens. She peeks inside.
text: HER POV - The trailer is empty, its contents undisturbed.
text: Ingrid sighs, frustrated. She checks her phone again.
text: ON THE SCREEN - A recent INSTAGRAM PHOTO of Taylor at Pappy &
text: Harriet’s holding a margarita with the caption:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
text: It’s five o’clock somewhere.
dialog: Umbrella drink emoji.
scene_heading: INT. PAPPY & HARRIET’S - DAY
text: Ingrid is sitting by herself at the bar, sipping a margarita.
text: HER POV - Regulars mill about but there’s no sign of Taylor.
text: Ingrid types out a text message to Taylor on her phone.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
dialog: Hey girl! Saw your Instagram. I’m
dialog: actually in Joshua Tree with some
dialog: friends for a yoga retreat. Wanna
dialog: hang later? Dancing Ladies Emoji.
text: She hits SEND and downs the rest of her drink.
scene_heading: EXT. ROY’S MOTEL & CAFE - DAY
text: Ingrid stands in front of the sign, talking on the phone.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hey! It’s Ingrid. I’m at Roy’s
dialog: right now. Remember when we took
dialog: that picture? So fun.
dialog: (awkward beat)
dialog: Anyway... just wondering if you got
dialog: my text message. Still haven't
dialog: heard from you. Hope everything's
dialog: okay. Talk to you later!
scene_heading: EXT. JOSHUA TREE HOUSE - SUNSET
text: Ingrid is sitting in their driveway. Her thumb hovers over
text: Taylor’s name, debating whether or not to call again.
text: She presses the CALL button. A beat as it rings, then --
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Ezra! Hey! Where are you guys?
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: We're at dinner. Why?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh. Well, I saw on Taylor’s
dialog: Instagram that you guys were in
dialog: Joshua Tree and I’m actually here
dialog: randomly on a yoga retreat so I
dialog: thought maybe we could --
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: Ingrid. We’re not in Joshua Tree.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You're not?
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: No. We’re in L.A. staying at a
dialog: friend’s house. Funny how you just
dialog: happened to be there right when
dialog: Taylor posted about it.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Look, I don’t know how to say this,
dialog: but... Taylor doesn’t want to see
dialog: you anymore.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 103.
text: Ingrid feels a sharp pain in her chest.
speaker_heading: INGRID
text: Ezra, put Taylor on the phone.
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: She doesn’t want to talk to you
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Okay, well... should I call back
dialog: tomorrow?
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: Ingrid. It’s over, okay? Nicky
dialog: told us everything. Don’t call us
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Ezra, wait --
dialog: (click)
dialog: Hello...? Ezra?
text: The line is dead. We HOLD on Ingrid’s face for a long beat
text: as she tries to process what just happened...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ingrid is on the phone, pacing the driveway.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Hi, you’ve reached Taylor. Leave a
speaker_heading: message. (BEEP)
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hey. It’s Ingrid. I just hada
dialog: weird call with Ezra and I feel
dialog: like we should talk about this. I
dialog: don’t know what Nicky said to you
dialog: but... he’s lying. The fact is,
dialog: he’s a drug addict and he can’t be
dialog: trusted, so...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Call me back.
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: It’s Ingrid.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Hi, you’ve reached Taylor. Leave a
speaker_heading: message. (BEEP)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hey! Me again! Still haven't
dialog: heard back. I’m starting to worry.
dialog: This isn’t like you. Call me!
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Ingrid is sitting in Pinto’s truck, polishing off a Corona.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (V.O.)
dialog: Hi, you’ve reached Taylor. Leave a
speaker_heading: message. (BEEP)
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You think you’re so cool, huh?
dialog: (Taylor voice)
dialog: Ooh, look at me. I’m Taylor. I
dialog: take lots of pictures and my life
dialog: is so perfect... NOT. Turns out,
dialog: I’m a huge bitch who won't admit
dialog: that my brother’s a criminal and my
dialog: husband is a sad loser who still
dialog: uses a flip-phone. I saved your
dialog: dog's life! The least you could do
dialog: is pick up your fucking phone!
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Ingrid is laying on the hood of Pinto’s truck. BEEP.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! Sorry about that last
dialog: message. I was just kidding...
dialog: Gotcha! I’11 be around for the
dialog: next hour or so if you wanna talk --
dialog: (beep)
dialog: Oh, hang on, you're beeping in.
dialog: (perking up)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: EZRA (V.O.)
dialog: Listen, you fucking psycho. If you
dialog: don’t stop this shit right fucking
dialog: now, I’m calling the fucking cops,
dialog: you understand? It’s five in the
dialog: fucking morning. Just leave us the
dialog: fuck alone!
text: CLICK. Ingrid looks stunned. She hits redial.
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: The voice mailbox you are trying to
dialog: reach is full and cannot accept new
dialog: messages. Goodbye.
dialog: 105.
text: Ingrid closes her eyes, breathing heavily.
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK - MORNING
text: Ingrid is asleep in the front seat, her hair matted to her
text: forehead, her lips dry and cracked. A MAIL MAN walks up and
text: peers through the window. He knocks, startling her awake.
speaker_heading: MAIL MAN
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: You okay, miss? You shouldn’t
dialog: sleep in your truck. It’s too hot.
text: Ingrid squints at the Mail Man, confused and dehydrated.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: I’m fine. Thanks.
text: She starts her car. As Ingrid pulls away, she notices the
text: empty house next to Taylor and Ezra’s place and stops.
text: HER POV - There is a “FOR SALE” sign in the front yard with a
text: photo of a long-haired man in a grey suit and bolo tie.
scene_heading: INT. REALTOR’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Ingrid sits across from the realtor in the photo, GARTH
text: LAFAYETTE, 60s, long hair, grey suit and bolo tie.
speaker_heading: GARTH LAFAYETTE
dialog: Which property did you say you were
dialog: interested in?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: 22 Flamingo Lane.
speaker_heading: GARTH LAFAYETTE
text: Unfortunately, the couple who lives
text: next door already made an offer on
dialog: that house. I do have a handful of
dialog: other properties in that same price
dialog: range --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I don’t want another property. I
dialog: want that one.
text: Garth looks at her for a beat, puzzled. He chuckles.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: GARTH LAFAYETTE
dialog: Well, I’m sorry, Miss Thorburn, but
dialog: there’s not much I can do. If
dialog: you'd like, I can add your name to
dialog: a waiting list and we’ll give you a
dialog: call if anything changes --
text: Ingrid places her L.L. Bean backpack on the table, unzipping
text: it to reveal the last of her cash.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: It’s all the money I have. Please.
text: Garth leans back in his chair, scratching his chin.
scene_heading: EXT. 22 FLAMINGO LANE - DAY
text: ECU: The “FOR SALE” sign now has a “SOLD” slapped across it.
text: Ingrid is unloading her things from Pinto’s truck when she
text: HEARS a screen-door slam. She looks up to see Taylor
text: storming across the yard towards her. Ingrid waves, beaming.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hey! There you are! I’ve been
dialog: trying to reach you all week --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I don’t believe this! I
dialog: specifically told you I wanted this
dialog: house!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I bought it for both of us.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I figured we could join forces.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: On what?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Um, hello? Desert D’Or. Our
dialog: little secret, remember?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: My brother is in jail right now
dialog: because of you. I can’t believe I
dialog: actually thought we were friends.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: We are friends!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No, we're not! You’re just some
dialog: stranger who found me on Instagram!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Okay, I think we’re both feeling a
dialog: little emotional right now. Why
dialog: don’t we go to Pappy’s, have a
dialog: margarita and just talk about this?
text: Taylor turns to leave.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Taylor, wait!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I really didn’t want to have to be
dialog: the one to say this but... Ezra
dialog: cheated on you.
text: Taylor turns around, stunned.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: He tried to finger me in Malibu.
dialog: He made me promise not to tell you,
dialog: but I just don’t want to see you
dialog: get hurt.
text: Taylor backs away. She looks like she’s about to cry.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You're a fucking liar. Stay the
dialog: fuck away from me.
text: Taylor walks off. Ingrid calls after her.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I'll be right here if you need me!
scene_heading: INT. 22 FLAMINGO LANE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid sits on the floor, looking through her back window
text: with a pair of binoculars, eating popcorn from a bag.
text: HER POV - Through the back window, we can SEE Taylor and Ezra
text: having a heated argument. Ezra storms outside, gets into his
text: car and speeds off. Taylor collapses on the couch, sobbing.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: EXT. 22 FLAMINGO LANE - MORNING
text: The door opens. Ingrid steps outside and freezes.
text: HER POV - Pinto’s truck has been keyed with various curse
text: words and derogatory terms for the female anatomy.
text: Ingrid turns, looking back at the house.
text: A WIDER ANGLE reveals the words “EAT SHIT AND DIE” have also
text: been spray-painted across the entire front of the house in
text: the same font that Ezra used in his artwork.
scene_heading: MUSIC CUE: THE LOUVIN BROTHERS “SATAN IS REAL”
scene_heading: INT. 22 FLAMINGO LANE - DAY
text: We TRACK through the living room, revealing the place is a
text: Grey Gardens-style mess. The house is falling apart and
text: there are clothes and fast food wrappers strewn around.
text: Dirty dishes are piled in the sink and swarming with flies.
text: REVEAL Ingrid sitting on the toilet, talking on the phone.
text: She has no make-up on, her hair is a mess and she’s wearing a
text: designer dress covered in food stains.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I sent you a check two weeks ago.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER SERVICE AGENT (V.O.)
dialog: Unfortunately, your account is
text: still showing as past due.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Look, just give me one more week.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER SERVICE AGENT (V.O.)
dialog: Ma’am, this is simply a courtesy
dialog: call. If you don’t pay your bill
dialog: in the next twenty-four hours we're
dialog: going to have to shut off your
dialog: electricity. Now, we do offer a
dialog: payment plan for customers
dialog: experiencing financial hardship --
text: Ingrid hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Asshole.
text: She reaches for the toilet paper but the roll is empty. She
text: sighs, looking around for something she can use.
dialog: 109.
text: HER POV - Her vintage copy of Joan Didion’s The White Album
text: is sitting on the floor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ingrid plunges the toilet, angrily. The book lies open on
text: the floor, a handful of pages torn out.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENIENCE STORE - DAY
text: Ingrid is at the register. A teenage CASHIER rings her up.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
text: Fourteen eighty-six.
text: Ingrid empties her pockets, dumping a handful of crumpled up
text: bills and coins on the counter. The cashier watches as she
text: sifts through. It’s clear that she does not have enough.
speaker_heading: CASHIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe we can take something off?
text: Ingrid looks at her items. A six-pack of Corona and a big
dialog: thing of toilet paper.
scene_heading: I/E. PINTO’S TRUCK (MOVING) - DAY
text: Ingrid is driving up to her house when she notices a rental
text: car parked out front. As she pulls into the driveway, she
text: sees Erin and Keith are standing in front of the house with
text: the words “EAT SHIT AND DIE” hanging above them.
scene_heading: EXT. 22 FLAMINGO LANE - DAY
text: Ingrid gets out of the truck with her grocery bag, confused.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: What are you guys doing here?
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: We hadn’t heard from you. We just
dialog: wanted to make sure you were okay.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Didn't you get my letter?
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Yeah, but you haven’t responded to
dialog: any of our calls or emails.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Things have been pretty crazy.
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: How did you find me?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: Your name popped up on a police
dialog: database after you bought this
dialog: place.
dialog: (re: plastic bag)
dialog: What you got there, Ingrid?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Just some groceries.
text: CLOSE on the plastic bag which contains a six-pack of Corona
text: and nothing else. Ingrid looks uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on in. I’11 give you the tour.
text: Ingrid heads inside. Keith and Erin exchange a look.
scene_heading: INT. 22 FLAMINGO LANE - DAY
text: Ingrid unpacks her “groceries” while Erin and Keith take a
text: look around, reacting to the squalor.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Sorry about the mess. I’ve been
dialog: doing all the renovations myself.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Can I get you guys anything?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: I'd love a water.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: My water’s on the fritz right now.
dialog: How ‘bout a Corona instead?
text: Ingrid pops the tops off of three bottles of Corona and hands
text: one to Erin and Keith, smiling.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Cheers! Welcome to Cali.
dialog: (they clink)
dialog: So... how’s Logan?
text: An uncomfortable silence. Ingrid takes a long swig.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Ingrid. We’re worried about you.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Why would you be worried about me?
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Look at this place. Look at how
dialog: you're living.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You’re the one who told me to start
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: This isn’t what we had in mind.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: We think you should come home.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I am home.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: Ingrid, this isn’t healthy. The
dialog: house is a mess. You’re drinking
text: beer at eleven A.M. on a Tuesday.
dialog: It’s like mom all over again.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You know what? We’re done here.
dialog: So nice of you to drop by.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: You need help, Ingrid.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh, now you want to help me?
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What is that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You didn’t seem so eager to help me
dialog: when mom got sick.
text: Erin looks stunned.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: That is not fair. I did everything
dialog: I could --
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Bullshit. You did everything you
dialog: could for yourself. You’re so
dialog: selfish it makes me wanna puke.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: What did you want me to do? Mom
dialog: was a black hole that neither of us
dialog: was ever going to fill. So you
dialog: know what? I moved on.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No, you left me to clean up the
dialog: mess. You abandoned us.
speaker_heading: ERIN
dialog: I didn’t abandon you! I did what I
dialog: needed to do for my own sanity!
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Oh. Now I get it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Well if I’m so crazy, then why you
dialog: don’t you do us all a favor and
dialog: stay the fuck out of my life?
speaker_heading: KEITH
dialog: (to Erin)
dialog: Let’s go. We’re leaving.
text: Erin stares at Ingrid, eyes welling with tears.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You heard me. Get the fuck out.
text: Keith ushers Erin outside, shaking his head at Ingrid.
text: We HOLD on Ingrid for a long moment, feeling guilty...
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Erin, wait --
text: She opens the front door in time to see Erin and Keith
text: pulling away. Ingrid watches them drive off, looking sad.
scene_heading: INT. 22 FLAMINGO LANE - NIGHT
text: Ingrid is sitting in the dark, staring at her phone, her face
text: illuminated by the light of the screen.
text: ON THE SCREEN - She is posting an OLD PHOTO of her and her
text: Mom on Halloween. Ingrid is dressed as Dorothy and her mom
text: is on the couch, looking frail, dressed as the Wicked Witch.
speaker_heading: INGRID (V.O.)
text: Happy Birthday, Mom. Hashtag TBT.
dialog: 113.
text: She is about to hit the ‘SHARE’ button when the screen
text: suddenly goes blank. The battery icon appears.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: No no no no no...
text: She jams her thumb on the home button repeatedly.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. Please.
text: Ingrid tries plugging the phone into the wall but nothing
text: happens. She tries one of the light switches. Nothing.
text: Ingrid collapses onto the floor, moaning. The house is
text: eerily quiet. A beat, then --
text: We HEAR voices, music and laughter drifting across the
text: backyard. Ingrid looks up, peering through the blinds.
text: HER POV - Taylor is having a Halloween party. The lights are
text: on and there are people in costumes, drinking and dancing.
scene_heading: EXT. JOSHUA TREE HOUSE - BACKYARD - NIGHT
text: A costume party is underway. MUSIC blasts as Ingrid enters
text: wearing a sheet with eye holes, weaving through the crowd.
text: She finds an outdoor outlet and plugs in her phone, noticing
text: a platter of tiny sandwiches on the table next to her. She
text: grabs one and lifts her sheet, devouring it quickly.
text: Ingrid stuffs a few more into her pocket and is about to head
text: for the bar when she hears a familiar voice. She turns.
text: HER POV - Taylor is standing nearby, dressed as Cher from
text: Clueless and talking to Harley who is dressed as Dionne.
text: Ingrid tries to quickly walk past them when someone steps on
text: her sheet, pulling it off her in one fell swoop. She
text: scrambles to cover herself when Taylor looks over, confused.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Ingrid...?
text: Ingrid covers herself with the sheet, pretending not to hear.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Ingrid, I can see you. We all can.
text: Everyone turns, staring at Ingrid. Ingrid slowly removes the
text: sheet, trying to play it cool.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Hey, Taylor. Happy Halloween.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What are you doing here? You
dialog: weren’t invited.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: The music was really loud, so... if
dialog: you wouldn't mind keeping it down,
dialog: I have an important meeting
dialog: tomorrow, SO...
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: A meeting for what?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: What the fuck do you care?
text: A dude starts filming the confrontation with his phone.
text: Ezra appears from inside, sporting a new short haircut and
text: moustache and dressed as Bernie from Weekend at Bernie’s.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: You want me to call the cops?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: It’s fine.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (re: Ezra)
dialog: You're still with this guy?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Not that it’s any of your business,
dialog: but our marriage is fine. Unlike
dialog: you, we’re working through our
dialog: issues.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: I’m ninety days sober.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Ezra’s a concept designer for
dialog: Levis.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: I know, I saw your Instagram.
dialog: Congratulations.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Go home, Ingrid. People like you
dialog: aren’t welcome here.
text: Ingrid starts to leave then pauses, turning.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Ezra told me everything, you know.
dialog: How you used to dress like a
dialog: sorority girl. How your favorite
dialog: band was Coldplay. How when you
dialog: moved here you didn’t have any
dialog: friends. You were just like me.
text: Ezra says nothing. Taylor looks at Ingrid with pity.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I was never like you, Ingrid.
text: A long, painful silence. Everyone stares down at their feet.
text: CLOSE on Ingrid, fighting back tears. She nods, taking a
text: deep breath, steeling herself...
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: If you could keep the music down
dialog: I'd really appreciate it.
text: Ingrid walks back towards her house. She pauses, turning
text: around. Everyone watches as she walks across the entire
text: party and unplugs her phone.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: Forgot my phone.
text: Ingrid exits once again. A long beat, then --
text: Everyone resumes dancing and partying as if nothing happened.
text: We TRACK with Ingrid as she walks across the desert, the
text: party continuing behind her, tears running down her cheeks...
scene_heading: INT. 22 FLAMINGO LANE - NIGHT
text: ECU: A cheap tealight candle being lit with a match.
text: Ingrid is seated on the floor of her now-spotless living
text: room, surrounded by lit candles. She stares at her phone.
scene_heading: POV —- THROUGH AN IPHONE CAMERA
text: We are CLOSE on Ingrid’s face as she presses the red RECORD
text: button on an Instagram video. She takes a deep breath.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: They say that friends are the family
dialog: you choose, but... What if the
dialog: people you choose don’t choose you?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I thought moving to L.A. would be
dialog: my chance to start over. A chance
dialog: to live the life I always wanted --
text: The video STOPS at the 15-second limit. Ingrid sighs. She
text: presses ‘Share’ and hits the record button again.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought if I made my life seem
dialog: perfect and happy, maybe someone
dialog: would choose me, but... it didn’t
dialog: matter. I guess the problem is me.
dialog: The only person who ever chose me
dialog: is gone now, so... why even bother?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I’m so tired --
text: The video STOPS recording.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: shit!
text: Ingrid presses ‘Share’ and hits the record button again.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm tired of having to pretend to
dialog: be something I’m not. I guess the
dialog: reason I’m doing this is because I
dialog: wanted to show people the real me,
dialog: if only this one time. So...
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Here I am.
text: Silence. Ingrid picks up a bottle of prescription pills and
text: dumps it into her mouth, washing it down with a Corona and
text: wincing. She hits the ‘Share’ button and sets down her phone.
text: Ingrid lies back onto the floor, surrounded by candles, and
text: presses play on her laptop. Seal’s “KISS FROM A ROSE” plays.
text: She sets up the framed Instagram photo of her and Taylor and
text: smiles at it one last time. She leans her head back and
text: closes her eyes, drifting away, finally at peace...
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Ingrid?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ingrid? Can you hear me?
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE on Ingrid’s eyes. After a beat, they flutter open...
text: HER POV - A NURSE is hovering over us, smiling warmly.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: There she is.
text: Ingrid looks down at her body, realizing she is in a hospital
text: bed. She tries to sit up but the nurse eases her back down.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT’D)
dialog: Whoa, whoa. Slow down, girl.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: (groggy)
dialog: Where’s my phone...?
text: Ingrid glances around the room. It is filled with FLOWERS,
text: BALLOONS, CARDS and STUFFED ANIMALS.
speaker_heading: INGRID (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: gifts)
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Apparently you’ve got a lot of fans
dialog: out there. As a matter of fact,
dialog: one of them is here to see you.
text: Ingrid stares at the nurse, confused.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: Taylor...?
text: We HEAR the sound of a motorized wheelchair coming down the
text: hall. DAN PINTO enters, wearing a halo brace. He smiles.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: ‘Sup, Ingrid!
text: Ingrid seems disappointed.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Dan’s the reason you’re still with
dialog: us. You're a lucky girl.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: I saw your three-part suicide note
text: on Instagram and called 9-1-1.
text: Ingrid stares at him, bewildered.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You still follow me?
text: Pinto looks at her as if he doesn’t understand the question.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: ‘Course. You’re my girl, Ingrid.
text: Ingrid looks touched. Her eyes well up with tears.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I’ll leave you two alone.
text: She smiles at them and exits.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Whaddya think of my new wheels?
text: Pinto spins around in his wheelchair.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Turns out getting my neck broken
dialog: was the best thing that ever
dialog: happened to me. I had so much time
dialog: on my hands that I completely
dialog: retooled my script. And guess
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: You sold it?
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Not quite. But people are really
dialog: responding to the material. I have
dialog: an agent now and I just got staffed
dialog: on a TV show. How sick is that?
text: Ingrid manages a weak smile.
speaker_heading: INGRID
dialog: That’s great, Dan. I’m really
dialog: happy for you.
text: Pinto frowns, sensing something is not right.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO
dialog: Hey. Why so serious?
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I know what’1ll cheer you up.
text: He reaches into his pocket and pulls out INGRID’S PHONE.
text: Ingrid’s face lights up. She looks at the home screen. Her
text: notification list is flooded with comments from people on
text: Instagram. A headline at the top reads:
dialog: “You have 27,683 new followers.”
text: Ingrid stares at the number in disbelief.
speaker_heading: DAN PINTO (CONT'D)
text: Some chick from the Huffington Post
dialog: got hold of your suicide vids and
dialog: re-posted the shit out of ‘em.
dialog: Your face is all over the internet.
dialog: You’ve even got your own hashtag.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hashtag... I Am Ingrid.
text: Ingrid opens up her Instagram. As she scrolls through all
dialog: the comments, we HEAR each one being read aloud:
speaker_heading: COLLEGE GIRL (V.O.)
dialog: We love you, Ingrid!!!
speaker_heading: COLLEGE BRO (V.O.)
dialog: Stay strong, Ingrid. Flex emoji.
speaker_heading: ARGENTINIAN WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, Ingrid. I’m from Argentina.
dialog: I saw your video. I think you are
text: beautiful inside and outside.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL (V.O.)
dialog: I feel like we should be best
dialog: friends. Please follow me?
text: THE VOICES START TO BLEND TOGETHER, WORDS OF ENCOURAGEMENT
text: AND PRAISE COMING FASTER AND FASTER...
text: CLOSE on Ingrid as she feels this outpouring of love from so
text: Many complete strangers. Her heart swells. Her breath
text: shortens. Her face scrunches up as tears roll down her
text: cheeks. A SMILE spreads across Ingrid’s face as we --
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 
