dialog: 
dialog: Interview with the Vampire
dialog: Screenplay by			Anne Rice
dialog: Produced by			Stephen Woolley
dialog: David Geffen
dialog: Directed by			Neil Jordan
dialog: Cast List:
dialog: Tom Cruise			Lestat de Lioncourt
dialog: Brad Pitt			Louis Pointe du Lac
dialog: Antonio Banderas		Armand
dialog: Stephen Rea			Santiago
dialog: Christian Slater		Daniel Malloy
dialog: Kirsten Dunst			Claudia
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT (SAN FRANCISCO)
text: A small bare room, illuminated only by the streetlight
text: coming through the window.
text: A hand presses a cassette into a recorder and fiddles
text: with a small microphone.
text: Malloy sits over a table fiddling with the tape. He is
text: young, half-shaven, dressed in T-shirt and jeans. He
dialog: looks too -
text: LOUIS, who stands by the window, looking out on the
text: street, with his back to Malloy. Louis is dressed in an
text: old-fashioned suit.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: So you want me to tell you the
dialog: story of my life...
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: That's what I do. I interview
dialog: people. I collect lives. F.M.
dialog: radio. F.F.R.C. I just interviewed
dialog: a genuine hero, a cop who -
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (quietly interrupting)
dialog: You'd have to have a lot of tape
dialog: for my story. I've had a very
dialog: unusual life.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: So much the better. I've got a
text: pocket full of tapes.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You followed me here, didn't you?
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: Saw you in the street outside. You
dialog: seemed interesting. Is this where
dialog: you live?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It's just a room...
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: So shall we begin?
dialog: (playfully, almost
dialog: teasing)
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'm a vampire.
text: Malloy laughs.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: See? I knew you were interesting.
dialog: You mean this literally, I take it?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Absolutely. I was watching you
dialog: watching me. I was waiting for you
dialog: in that alleyway. And then you
dialog: began to speak.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: Well, what a lucky break for me.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Perhaps lucky for both of us.
text: Still in shadow he turns from the window and approaches
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'll tell you my story. All of it.
dialog: I'd like to do that very much.
text: Malloy is uneasy as he studies the shadowy figure,
text: fascinated but afraid.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You were going to kill me? Drink my
dialog: blood?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes but you needn't worry about
dialog: that now. Things change.
text: Louis stands opposite, hand on the chair. Malloy is
text: riveted.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You believe this, don't you? That
dialog: you're a vampire? You really
dialog: think...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We can't begin this way. Let me
text: turn on the light.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: But I thought vampires didn't like
dialog: the light.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We love it. I only wanted to
dialog: prepare you.
text: Louis pulls the chord of the overhead naked light bulb.
speaker_heading: LOUIS' FACE
text: Appears inhumanly white, eyes glittering. Inhuman or
text: not alive. the effect is subtle, beautiful and ghastly.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: Good God!
text: He struggles to suppress fear and understand.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Don't be frightened. I want this
dialog: opportunity.
text: The light appears to go out by itself and suddenly
text: Louis is in the chair, dimly lit by the street-light
text: from the window. The cassette is turning.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: How did you do that?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The same way you do it. A series of
dialog: simple gestures. Only I moved too
dialog: fast for you to see. I'm flesh and
dialog: blood, you see. But not human. I
dialog: haven't been human for two hundred
dialog: years.
text: Malloy is speechless, frightened yet enthralled.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What can I do to put you at ease?
dialog: Shall we begin like David
dialog: Copperfield? I am born, I grow up.
dialog: Or shall we begin when I was born
dialog: to darkness, as I call it. That's
dialog: really where we should start, don't
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You're not lying to me, are you?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why should I lie? 1791 was the year
dialog: it happened. I was twenty-four -
dialog: younger than you are now.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But times were different then. I
dialog: was a man at that age. The master
text: of a large plantation just south of
dialog: New Orleans...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOUISIANA - DAY (1791)
text: A disheveled Louis, hair in pigtail, in deep pocket
text: frock coat, rides his horse through the fields of
text: indigo, passing an overseer and slaves at work.
text: He passes slave quarters and the distant colonial
dialog: mansion of Pointe du Lac.
text: He comes to a small parish church and a graveyard. he
text: dismounts and walks through the tombs to an elaborate
dialog: one in Greek Style.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: I had just lost my wife in
text: childbirth. She and the infant had
dialog: been buried less than half a year.
text: There is a marble angel above the tomb, feminine, with
text: a tiny cherub angel in her arms. Louis looks from the
text: angel, down to the inscriptions on the tomb:
scene_heading: "DIANNE DE POINTE DU LAC 1763 - 1791
scene_heading: INFANT JEAN MARIE - 1791"
text: Louis rips away the vines already covering the
text: inscription, then drinks from a pocket-flask. His face
text: is ashen.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: I was twenty-four and life seemed
dialog: finished. I couldn't bear the pain
dialog: of their loss. I longed for a
dialog: release from it.
scene_heading: INT. WATERFRONT TAVERN - NIGHT
text: Louis in ragged lace and dirty brocade sitting between
text: two whores at a gaming table, drinking absinthe. All
text: around him flatboatmen, whores, gamblers, black African
dialog: freedmen.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: I wanted to lose everything. My
dialog: wealth, my estate, my sanity. But
text: Lady Luck didn't oblige.
text: Louis displays a hand of four aces. A gambler at the
text: table stands in fury, over turning money, cards,
dialog: drinks.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You're calling me a cheat?
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: I'm calling you a piece of shit -
text: The Gambler pulls out a pearl-handled pistol and points
text: it at Louis. The crowd hushes and draws back. Louis
text: smiles drunkenly and stands. he rips open his lace
text: shirt, exposing his chest.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Then do me a favor. Get rid of this
dialog: piece of shit...
text: The Gambler's finger on the trigger. His hand shakes.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You lack the courage of your
dialog: convictions, sir. Do it.
text: LESTAT, a hooded figure in the corner, smiles from
text: beneath the shadow of his hood. Gleaming blue eyes.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Most of all I longed for death. I
dialog: know that now. I invited it, a
dialog: release from the pain of living...
text: The Gambler lowers his gun, scowling. Louis pockets the
text: fistfulls of coins he has won.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFRONT - NIGHT
text: Loud, crowded riverfront taverns full of ruffians.
text: Louis staggers down, an arm around a whore, drinking
text: from a bottle. A pockmarked pimp follows behind.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: My invitation was open to anyone.
dialog: Sailors, thieves, whores and
dialog: slaves...
scene_heading: EXT. WHARF - NIGHT
text: Louis, quite insensible, being propped up against a
text: wall by the whore in a dank wharf over the water. The
text: pimp rifles his pockets, then pulls a knife, about to
text: slice his throat, when a shadow falls over him. He
text: turns, and we see the face of Lestat, who lifts him
text: into the air by his throat, breaking his neck. the
text: whore screams and Lestat's other hand clamps over her
text: mouth. Lestat drags her towards him. Louis falls to the
text: ground, supported no more, insensible. Close on his
text: face, as we hear the last breaths of life of the whore,
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: But it was a vampire that accepted.
speaker_heading: IN THE WATER
text: The bodies of the thief and whore float by. Above on
text: the wharf, Louis, now awake, stares down at them. He
text: turns, to see Lestat, towering above him.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: They would have killed you -
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Then my luck would have changed.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You want death? Is it death you
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes...
text: Lestat floats down on top of him, then lifts him in the
text: air, draws his head back by the hair and sinks his
text: teeth in his neck.
speaker_heading: ON LOUIS' FACE
text: Every muscle rigid, teeth clenched, as the blood is
text: drained from him.
text: ON THEIR FEET
text: Hovering above the ground, like two quivering dancers.
text: THE WIND billows through the ghostly white sails and
text: rigging of the boats around the wharf.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: Floats higher, with Louis in his arms, draining his
text: blood. One hand reaches out and grips a rope, hanging
text: from a shipmast. The other holds Louis. He withdraws
text: his teeth, and looks into Louis' drained face.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You still want death? Or have you
dialog: tasted it enough?
text: Louis can barely get the words out.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Enough...
text: Lestat smiles and lets him go. Louis falls and plummets
text: into the water below.
speaker_heading: LOUIS' FACE
text: Coming to the surface, in the water lapping by the
text: wharf. The bodies of the whore and thief float beside
text: him. He looks up and sees Lestat way above him,
text: dangling from the rope of the shipmast.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - SAN FRANCISCO
scene_heading: ON MALLOY'S FACE
text: Captivated, terrified, enthralled.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: That's how it happened?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: No. The Gift of Darkness requires
dialog: more than that, as you'll see.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFRONT - DAY
text: Louis floating by mudflats, surrounded by dead fish,
text: the carcasses of animals, eighteenth century rubbish.
text: He gets to his feet and walks weakly through the
text: mudflats. The sun is coming up over the sea behind him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: He left me half dead that morning.
dialog: he wanted something from me. He
dialog: came back the following night.
scene_heading: INT. LAVISH FRENCH-FURNISHED BEDROOM AT POINT DU LAC
text: Louis is delirious in a four-poster bed, shrouded with
text: mosquito netting. A female slave, YVETTE, bathes his
text: face with a rag. She is crying. Other slave women hover
text: in the shadows. Yvette puts out all candles save one by
text: the bed, and withdraws, with the others.
text: Candlelight flickers on the face of the bisque virgin.
text: Louis tosses and turns, dreaming, murmuring
text: incoherently. Then he opens his eyes.
text: LESTAT, exquisitely dressed in French clothing, stands
text: by the bed smiling. In the light of the candle we see
text: that he is not human; skin too white; eyes too bright.
text: Lestat looks amiable, even mischievous, but impossible
dialog: - and angel or monster.
text: Louis grabs his pistol from the table and cocks it.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Who the hell are you? What are you
dialog: doing in my house?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: And a beautiful house it is too.
dialog: Yours is a good life, isn't it?
text: Louis takes aim. Lestat puts his hand over the barrel.
text: Louis fires. The bullet tears a hole in Lestat's hand.
text: Lestat is unfazed. He takes the gun from Louis' hand
text: and throws it away. His hand begins to heal.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You're not afraid of anything, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why should I be?
text: Louis reaches for his sword, hanging by the bed, and
text: point it. Lestat laughs indulgently. He draws closer.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Are you going to put that through
dialog: me too? Ruin my beautiful clothes?
text: He comes closer to Louis, right up to his face, so the
text: sword passes through his waistcoat.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Were all last night's promises for
dialog: nothing?
text: He reaches out with his now-healed hand and plucks out
dialog: the sword.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What do you want from me?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I've come to answer your prayers.
dialog: You want to die, don't you? Life
dialog: has no meaning anymore, does it?
text: Lestat sits down on the bed, drawing up one knee. Louis
text: is becoming spellbound.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: The wine has no taste. The food
dialog: sickens you. There seems no reason
dialog: for any of it, does there? But what
dialog: if I could give it back to you?
dialog: Pluck out the pain and give you
dialog: another life? And it would be for
dialog: all time? And sickness and death
dialog: could never touch you again?
text: The vampire theme rises, with the sound of a heartbeat.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - NIGHT
text: The camera drifts through the graveyard where Louis'
text: wife is buring. Everything is lit with an eerie glow,
text: as if seen through some unearthly eye.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Vampires, that's what we are.
text: Creatures of darkness, only we see
dialog: it that darkness more clearly than
dialog: any mortal has ever seen...
text: Louis and Lestat drifting, dreamlike, through the
text: overhanging vines, comes to the grave of his wife and
text: child. Above the crypt, the statue of angel, mother and
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Wouldn't it be sweet to bid pain
dialog: goodbye? To wave away anguish and
dialog: grief? To embrace the peace of the
dialog: unending night?
text: The marble fingers of the child on the statue move. The
text: angel raises her head and has the face of Louis wife,
text: Diane. she raises her hand and touches Louis tear-
text: streamed face. The child speaks.
speaker_heading: MARBLE CHILD
dialog: Papa...
text: Louis reaches out to embrace them and finds himself
text: touching cold marble. He cries out in anguish-
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Diane!!!!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: They are gone, Louis. Death took
dialog: them. Death which you can now
dialog: destroy...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: NO!!!!!
scene_heading: INT. LOUIS BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Louis, thrashing on the bed in a delirium. Lestat
text: places a hand on his forehead and soothes him.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You have to ask me for this. You
dialog: have to want it, do you hear me?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Give it to me!!!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Vampires. We thrive on blood.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I want it!
text: Lestat bends close as if to drink Louis' blood. Louis
text: does not shrink back, but stares into his eyes. Lestat
text: draws back, then stands up and goes to the French
dialog: doors.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Tomorrow night. You must prove
dialog: yourself. I will give you the
dialog: choice I never had.
text: He looks outside.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: The sun's coming up. Watch it
dialog: carefully. If you come with me
dialog: tomorrow, you'll never see it
dialog: again.
text: He leaves. Louis sits dazed, staring at the empty
text: French window. The sun rises with unnatural beauty,
text: over the swamplands and the plantation, filling the
text: room, striking water-pitcher, glass, mirror, and the
text: picture of his dead wife.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: My last sunrise. That morning I was
dialog: not yet a vampire, and I saw my
dialog: last sunrise. I remember it
dialog: completely, yet I don't remember
dialog: any sunrise before it. I watched
dialog: the whole magnificence of the dawn
text: for the last time, as if it were
dialog: the first. And the I said goodbye
dialog: to sunlight and went out to become
dialog: what I became.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANTATION - NIGHT
text: Lestat and Louis walk through the slave quarters,
text: huddles groups around fires, music, singing. The sound
text: of whipping is heard.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Your grief has unhinged you. You've
dialog: let your estate rot.
text: In the woods beyond the quarters, the white overseer is
text: whipping a black slave, with horrifying savagery.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You let your overseer run riot,
dialog: work your slaves to the bone. We'll
dialog: start with him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: How do you mean, start?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Call him.
dialog: Louis calls.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Carlos!!!
text: The overseer turns and comes towards them, with the
text: bloodied whip.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Why the bloody whip, Carlos?
text: The overseer looks into his eyes, shivers with terror,
text: drops the whip and runs for the trees. Lestat is on him
text: in an instant. He sinks is teeth in his neck. Louis
text: runs to him, tries to pull him off. But Lestat turns to
text: Louis and smiles, with his bloodied mouth.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Let's call that a start.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I can't do it.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You've just done it -
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Kill me if you will, but I can't do
dialog: this...
text: He flees, as Lestat ends to finish off the overseer.
scene_heading: EXT. POINTE DU LAC - NIGHT
text: Louis running up the steps leading to the gallery. He
text: is crazed with guilt. He looks up and sees -
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: Sitting collected at the head of the steps.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: Backs away as Lestat rises and descends the steps so
text: fluidly he hardly seems to move.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Don't worry. He was white trash,
dialog: they come at two a penny. I dumped
text: him in the swamp and untied the
text: slave, licked his wounds clean.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You're the devil, aren't you?
dialog: That's who you are.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I wish I were. But if I were, what
dialog: would I want with you?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I can't go through with it, I tell
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Your perfect. Your bitter and
dialog: you're strong.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But why do you want me?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Because you're as strong as I was
dialog: when I was alive.
text: Louis takes out his flask and drinks. Drunkenly, he
text: turns and heads for a nearby swamp.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Louis stops again in front of the crypt. Drinks from
text: the flask, leans his forehead against the stone.
text: Lestat appears beside him, radiant, beautiful.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You really want to be with them?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes. Kill me. Kill me like you
dialog: promised -
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You asked for death. I didn't
dialog: promise it -
text: In a quiet rage, Lestat raise his fist and shatters the
text: marble face stone, revealing a coffin below. His fist
text: shatters that in turn, revealing the half-rotted body
text: of a women, holding an infant, no longer recognizable
text: as individuals, a tangle of gruesome rotted hair,
text: flesh, eaten away lace, insects and worms crawling over
dialog: it.
text: Louis gasps.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: It's not your wife and child my
dialog: friend. It's death. Just that
dialog: simple. Think and choose. It
dialog: happens to everyone. Except us.
text: Lestat stares at him, smiling, becoming a hazy
text: dreamlike vision, then hyperclear. Louis again is
text: spellbound. He drops the flask, which shatters on the
dialog: stones.
text: Lestat appears angelic in his radiance.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: We shall be this way always, my
dialog: friend. Young as we are now. I'm
text: lonely for a companion, lonely for
dialog: your strength. But I'm not that
dialog: lonely. Do you want to come or not?
text: Louis capitulates in one long sigh.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes...
text: Lestat comes closer, smiling.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Did I hear a yes?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes...
text: Lestat embraces Louis, obscuring his face. He drinks
text: his blood. We hear two heartbeats, out of sync, coming
text: together. We see Louis' face, growing paler, paler, as
text: his blood is drained. His eyes stare upwards, losing
dialog: their focus.
speaker_heading: LOUIS' POV
text: The moon, through hanging vines. The marble statue of
text: his wife and child smile at him, as if come alive. Her
text: hair blows in the breeze, wonderful gold tresses, the
text: child's fingers reach out...
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Lestat lets Louis fall down beside the broken crypt.
text: Louis looks from the rotting bodies to Lestat above
text: him. radiant. Lestat speaks gently.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I've drained you to the point of
dialog: death. If you drink from me you
dialog: live for ever. If I leave you here
dialog: you die.
text: Lestat lifts his hand to his lips and blows Louis a
dialog: kiss.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: No. Don't leave me here. Give it to
dialog: me.
text: Lestat lifts his own right wrist to his teeth. Fangs
text: slash his own flesh, blood falls.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You're sure?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Sure...
text: Louis rises to accept the first drops with his open
text: mouth. Lestat gathers him up, as Louis clamps his hand
text: on Lestat's arm and drinks from the wrist.
text: The VAMPIRE THEME swells.
text: Lestat watches him drink his wrist with wry amusement.
text: Louis finishes, staggers away from him as if drunk.
speaker_heading: LOUIS' POV
text: Vampire vision. The world is transformed, the swamp,
text: the moon, the clouds, the cry of the night birds all
text: come to him with unnatural clarity. He looks down with
text: pity at the corpses of his wife and child who appear
text: beautiful in death now rather than repulsive. He closes
text: the lid of the coffin and replaces it in the ground,
text: astonished at the ease of it.
text: He turns and stares at Lestat whom he sees now with
text: vampire's vision. Lestat's eyes are brighter, his
text: buttons are glimmering in the light. Everything is
text: clearer, brighter, containing more facets of light and
dialog: color.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Stop staring at my buttons. Didn't
dialog: I tell you it was going to be fun?
text: Lestat leads him into the swamp. Everything astonished
text: Louis, as if he's never seen it before. Louis is
text: suddenly racked by shudders of pain.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You're body's dying. Pay no
dialog: attention. It will take twenty
dialog: minutes at most.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Dying?
text: Louis dry-retches.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: It happens to us all.
text: Lestat wipes Louis' brow.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Come, you're going to feed now.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I want a woman.
text: Lestat laughs and his laughter echoes like bells in
text: Louis' ears.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: That doesn't matter anymore, Louis.
dialog: You'll see. Come...
scene_heading: LOUIS' VAMPIRE POV - SWAMP
text: Small high ground. Camp of runaway slaves. Several
text: share a bottle of rum around the fire. A male slave
text: rises. A gorgeous hunk of flesh in the moonlight and
text: goes into the swamp to relieve his bladder.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: They're all beautiful now. Men,
dialog: women, the old, the young...simply
dialog: because they are alive. -
text: The slave walks towards them in the darkness. A
text: crucifix gleams round his neck.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Take him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The crucifix -
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Forget the crucifix. Take him.
text: Louis hesitates.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Resist no more Louis. Feed...
text: The slave looks up and sees them. Two gleaming white
text: beings standing before him with devil's eyes. The he
dialog: runs.
text: Louis can resist him no more. He swoops on him with a
text: vampire's rapid movement, brings him to the ground and
text: sinks his teeth in his neck.
text: Close on Louis feeding on the slave, the magnificent
text: body shuddering in its death-throes. Lestat stands
text: above, laughing.
text: The slave dies. Louis rises from him, drunkenly,
text: engorged with blood.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What have I done?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You have fed. You were made for
dialog: this...
text: Louis looks down at the body of the slave. Lestat's
text: laughter echoes around him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Dear God, what have I done?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You've killed Louis. And enjoyed
dialog: it.
text: Lestat laughs harder. Louis runs from him, screaming in
dialog: anguish.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - NIGHT
text: Louis reaches his wife's grave. He falls to his knees,
text: throws back his head and bares his new fangs to the
dialog: moon.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Dear God, what have I become????
scene_heading: INT. ROOM. SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT
text: Malloy stares at Louis, terrified and enthralled.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You said the slave had a
dialog: crucifix...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Oh, that rumor about crosses?
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You can't look at them...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Nonsense, my friend. I can look on
dialog: anything I like. And I am
dialog: particularly fond of looking on
text: crucifixes.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: The story about stakes through the
dialog: heart?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The same. As you would say today...
dialog: Bull shit.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: What about coffins?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Coffins... coffins unfortunately
dialog: are a necessity...
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - NIGHT
text: Louis walks up the steps to the mansion. He looks now
text: like a fully-fledged vampire. Yvette, the slave girl
text: stares at him from the open doorway. Cascades of
text: harpsichord music come from the interior.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Killing is no ordinary act. It is
dialog: the experience of another's life
dialog: for certain. That night I had lost
dialog: my own life and taken another's. I
text: was drowning in a sea of human
dialog: guilt and regret, with all the
dialog: heightened senses of a vampire...
text: Louis enters the mansion, following the harpsichord
text: music, as if in a dream. Yvette draws back as he
text: approaches.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - NIGHT
text: Louis wanders into the parlor, where Lestat is playing
text: the harpsichord rapidly and exuberantly. Louis goes to
text: a full-length mirror and sees his own reflection there
dialog: - quite the perfect vampire.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes, that's you, my handsome
dialog: friend. And you'll look that way
dialog: till the stars fall from heaven.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It can't be...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Give it time. You're like a man who
text: loses a limb and still imagines he
dialog: feels pain. It will pass. And we
dialog: must sleep now. I can feel the sun
text: approaching.
scene_heading: EXT. POINTE DU LAC
text: Dawn spreading over the plantation.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - POINTE DU LAC
text: A brick walled storage room. Two coffins stand on the
text: floor. Lestat enters with a lantern, Louis behind.
text: Lestat is apprehensive and protective of Louis. He
text: pulls back one lid ot reveal a satin interior.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You must get into it. It's the only
dialog: safe place for you when the light
dialog: comes.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And if I don't?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: The sun will destroy the blood I've
dialog: given you. Every tissue, every
dialog: vein. The fire in this lantern
dialog: could do that too.
text: Louis approaches the coffin, hands trembling as he
text: peers into it.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Don't be afraid. In moments you'll
dialog: be sleeping as soundly as you ever
dialog: slept. And when you awake I'll be
dialog: waiting for you, and so will all
dialog: the world.
text: Louis crawls into the coffin, fearful yet fascinated.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You told me something earlier. You
dialog: said you didn't have a choice. Was
dialog: that true?
text: Lestat smiles bitterly and nods.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Someday I'll tell you. We have a
dialog: lot of time to talk to each other.
dialog: You might say... we have all the
dialog: time we shall ever need.
text: He closes the lid.
text: Total darkness. Sounds of Louis' panicked breathing. Of
text: his prayer again.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Dear God, what have I done?
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Louis and Lestat sitting at a sumptuous table, piled
text: with uneaten food. Lestat is going through sheafs of
dialog: documents.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: I awoke the next evening to a
dialog: different world. And I realized
dialog: there are as profound differences
dialog: between vampires as between human
dialog: beings...
text: Lestat, totting up figures on a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Your wealth, dear Louis, is
dialog: inestimable. Your income from
dialog: cotton alone will keep us in
dialog: comfort for a century.
text: Louis just stares at him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
text: I sat there staring at him with
dialog: contempt. He had the soul of a
dialog: shopkeeper, he was the sow's ear
dialog: out of which nothing fine could be
dialog: made. I felt sadly cheated in
dialog: having him as a teacher...
text: Lestat looks up at him and grins.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You'll get used to killing. Just
dialog: forget about that mortal coil.
dialog: You'll become accustomed to things
text: all too quickly.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Do you think so?
text: Yvette enters, stands behind him, staring at Lestat
text: with loathing.
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: You are not hungry, sir...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Au contraire, my dear. He could eat
dialog: a horse...
text: Lestat laughs loudly. Louis turns and looks at Yvette.
text: Her beautiful forehead in the candlelight, the veins
text: pulsing on her neck and her hands.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: I looked at anything mortal and saw
dialog: all life as precious, condemning
dialog: all fruitless guilt and passion
dialog: that would let it slip through the
text: fingers like sand...
text: Yvette returns his stare, troubled.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: It was only as a vampire that I
text: could see Yvette's beauty. Her fear
dialog: of me increased my desire.
text: Yvette reaches for his uneaten plate. Louis stops her
text: hand. Holds it for a beat too long, looking at the
text: veins in her wrist.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I will finish it, Yvette. Now leave
dialog: us.
text: She turns and runs from the table. Lestat leans towards
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Can't you pretend, you fool? Don't
dialog: give the game away. We're lucky to
dialog: have such a home.
text: His hand snakes out under the table. It comes up
text: holding a large grey rat.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Pretend to drink, at least.
text: He bares his fangs and slices the rat's throat. He
text: pours the blood into a crystal glass.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Such fine crystal shouldn't go to
dialog: waste...
text: He hands the glass to Louis. Louis drinks the blood and
text: stares at it in surprise, then at the dead rat on the
text: fine lace tablecloth.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I know. It gets cold so fast.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We can live like this? Off the
dialog: blood of animals?
text: Lestat shrugs.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I wouldn't call it living. I'd call
dialog: it surviving. A useful trick if
dialog: you're caught for a month on a ship
dialog: at sea.
text: Lestat strokes the belly of the dead rat, studying it
dialog: sadly.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: There's nothing in the world now
dialog: that doesn't hold some...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Fascination...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes. And I'm bored with this
dialog: prattle -
text: He throws the rat away.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But we can live without taking
dialog: human life. It's possible.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Anything is possible. But just try
dialog: it for a week. Come into New
dialog: Orleans and let me show you some
dialog: real sport!
text: He rises. Louis follows.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW ORLEANS - NIGHT
text: A big, lavish drinking place with a raised stage.
text: Italian actors in buffoonish costumes act crude
text: commedia dell'arte on the stage.
text: Plantation owners in soiled brocade, lace, crooked wigs
text: watch the show as tavern wenches move about.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: This was New Orleans, a magical and
dialog: magnificent place to live. In which
text: a vampire, richly dressed might
dialog: attract no more notice in the
dialog: evening than hundreds of other
dialog: exotic creatures.
text: Louis and Lestat by a table, in the shadow of a tree.
text: Teresa, a tavern wench, sits on Lestat's lap, pouring
text: drinks for the two of them. She lifts a fresh glass to
text: Lestat's lips as he flirts with her.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Come on, mon cher. The best in the
dialog: colony. Once you touch this you'll
dialog: never go to any other tavern again.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You think so, cherie? But what if
dialog: I'd rather taste your lips?
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: My lips are even sweeter still...
text: She kisses him. He lets his tongue play with hers, then
text: runs it down her neck. She swoons with pleasure. Then
text: he sinks his teeth gently in her neck, looking
text: playfully behind at Louis, who if appalled and
dialog: fascinated.
text: ANTICS ON THE STAGE
text: Laughter rocks the tavern.
text: Lestat slips the pale and dead Teresa into a chair
text: beside him and folds her hands on the table. No one
text: notices. He lays gold coins on the table and touches
text: Louis' knee.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Let's get out of here!
text: Lestat rushes out, thrilled with himself.
scene_heading: EXT. TAVERN - NIGHT
text: A crowded street. Louis and Lestat emerge from the
text: tavern. Louis looks up at the moon.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Have you ever been caught?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Of course not. It's so easy you
dialog: almost feel sorry for them.
text: They walk down the crowded night street, full of ladies
text: in their finery, freed slaves, whores, sailors etc.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Lestat killed two, sometimes three
text: a night. A fresh young girl, that
dialog: was his favorite for the first of
dialog: the evening.
scene_heading: INT. FRENCH QUARTER MANSION - BALLROOM
text: Small orchestra plays for colonial couples in fine wig
text: and garb prancing to a French minuet. Young women sit
text: in chairs along the walls with their chaperones. Young
text: men stand opposite.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
text: But the triumphant kill of Lestat
dialog: was a young man. They represented
dialog: the greatest loss to Lestat because
text: they stood on the threshold of the
dialog: maximum possibility of life.
text: A youth of preternatural beauty, silhouetted against
text: French windows. He is talking to an elegant widow,
text: seated, holding two manicured poodles. Lestat stares at
text: the youth with longing.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: The trick is not to think about it.
dialog: See that one? The widow St. Clair?
dialog: she had that gorgeous young fop
dialog: murder her husband. She's perfect
dialog: for you. Go ahead.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But how do you know?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Read her thoughts.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: The dark gift is different for each
dialog: of us. But one thing is true of
dialog: everyone. We grow stronger as we go
dialog: along.
text: He leads Louis closer to them.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Take my word for it. She blamed a
dialog: slave for his murder. And do you
dialog: know what they did to him?
text: He smiles at the young man, who smiles in return.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: The evildoers are easier. And they
dialog: taste better...
scene_heading: EXT. LAWNS - NIGHT
text: Lestat walks the youth towards a copse of trees. He
text: looks back at Louis, who holds both poodles on a
text: delicate leash, walking with the widow. The minuet
text: spills from the french windows.
scene_heading: WIDOW ST. CLAIR
dialog: Now, young man, you really amaze
dialog: me! I'm old enough to be your
dialog: grandmother.
text: She leans towards him concquettishly. Louis, crazed
text: with hunger, sees her as beautiful in the moonlight. He
text: allows her lips reach his. He takes her in his arms,
text: gently, romantically, and sinks in his teeth. She
text: swoons.
scene_heading: WIDOW ST. CLAIR
dialog: Yes, that's the melody, I remember
dialog: it. Oh yes...
text: Louis draws his lips away. She is weak in his arms, but
text: still alive. He can't do it. The poodles growl. He
text: shoots out an arm and grabs one, then the other.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - NIGHT
text: Lestat, bending over the body of the dead youth. A
text: scream pierces the night.
speaker_heading: WIDOW ST CLAIR
dialog: Murder!!! Murderer!!
scene_heading: EXT. LAWNS. NIGHT
text: The widow on the grass, her poodles dead beside her.
text: Louis is trying to quiet her.
speaker_heading: WIDOW ST CLAIR
dialog: My little papillions! My
dialog: butterflies!!! He killed them!!!
text: Lestat comes from nowhere, claps a hand over her mouth
text: and breaks her neck. He spits in fury at Louis.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You whining coward of a vampire who
text: prowls the night killing rats and
dialog: poodles. You could have finished us
dialog: both!
dialog: 
text: Louis throws himself on Lestat with extraordinary
text: force, pummeling him towards the trees.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What have you done to me? You've
dialog: condemned me to hell.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I don't know any hell -
text: Louis hurls him against tree after tree with a strength
dialog: he never knew he had.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You want to see me kill? Watch me
dialog: kill you then -
text: He drags him to the ground an throttles him. Lestat
text: looks up at him, amazed and amused at the same time.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: What strength, my friend, what
dialog: strength. I remember why I chose
dialog: you now.
text: Lestat squirms from his grip, seemingly effortlessly.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: But you can't kill me, Louis. Nor I
dialog: you.
text: He ruffles Louis' hair, with wry affection.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Feed on what you want, mon cherie.
dialog: Rats, chickens, doves, goats. I'll
dialog: leave you to it and watch you come
dialog: round. Just remember, life without
dialog: me would be even more unbearable...
text: He smiles. A sly, pleasurable secret secret smile.
scene_heading: EXT. POINTE DU LAC - NIGHT
text: Their carriage draws up to the mansion as the first
text: fingers of light spread across the sky.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Being a vampire to him meant
dialog: revenge. Revenge against life-
dialog: itself. Every time he took a life
dialog: it was revenge. and the slaves with
dialog: a wisdom that was denied their
dialog: masters, began to notice...
scene_heading: INT. SLAVE-HUT - NIGHT
text: In a tiny cabin, a slave family. Kids sleeping on the
text: floor, in cribs and cots. The parents sleep on the bed,
text: young, beautiful, naked. Beside them is Lestat, who is
text: drinking the husband's blood, his hand playing across
text: the breast of the wife as he does so. She murmurs in
dialog: her sleep.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Yes... please...
text: She grabs his fingers and kisses them, thinking him to
text: be her husband. Lestat gently disengages himself and
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. SLAVE-HUT - NIGHT
text: The woman's scream pierces the sky, as Lestat walks
text: into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICKEN-COOP - NIGHT
text: Every chicken is dead, bloodies necks hanging down from
text: the cribs. Louis emerges from the entrance, blood on
text: his lips. He hears the scream.
scene_heading: EXT. SLAVE QUARTER - NIGHT
text: The sound of drumming is heard, African, primal. The
text: woman runs through the quarters, screaming grief.
text: Others gather at doorways, restrain and console her.
scene_heading: EXT. DOVE-COTE - DAY
text: A beautiful, elaborate eighteenth century dove-cote.
text: Every dove inside is dead, pierced at the neck. A black
text: hand throws in a flaming torch and it bursts into
dialog: flame.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - NIGHT
text: A doll, made in the image of Lestat, is pierced with
dialog: needles.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP BY FIELDS - DAY
text: Bodies of slaves floating in the swamp, with the bodies
text: of goats. Slaves at the edge throw ropes around the
text: bodies, pull them towards the shore. The drumming grows
dialog: louder.
scene_heading: EXT. SLAVE-QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Louis walking through. The slaves hush as he
text: approaches, gather in doorways and whisper. He turns
text: and looks at them, sorrowfully. He looks truly like a
text: ghost. Their eyes turn away when they meet his. He
text: walks on.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM IN MANSION - NIGHT
text: Lestat and Louis sit at the table, the untouched food
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Consider yourself lucky. In Paris a
dialog: vampire has to be clever for many
dialog: reasons. Here all one needs is a
text: pair of fangs.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Paris? You came from Paris?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: As did the one who made me.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Tell me about him. You must have
dialog: learnt something from him! It had
dialog: to happen for you as it did for me!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I learnt absolutely nothing. I
dialog: wasn't give a choice, remember?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But you must know something about
dialog: the meaning of it all, you must
dialog: know where we come from, why we...
text: Lestat spits out in anger.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Why? Why should I know these
dialog: things? Do you know them?
text: The drumming grows outside.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (gripping his temples)
dialog: That noise! It's driving me mad!
dialog: We've been in the country for
dialog: weeks, with nothing but that
dialog: noise!!!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: They know about us. They see us
text: dine on empty plates and drink from
text: empty glasses.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Come the New Orleans then. There's
dialog: an opera on tonight. A real french
dialog: opera! We can dine in splendor!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I respect life, don't you see? For
dialog: each and every human life I have
dialog: respect.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Respect me a little then. I'm the
dialog: only life you know.
text: Louis stares. Lestat turns childishly, petulantly.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You'll soon run out of chickens,
dialog: Louis...
text: He walks out, humming a French aria. Louis stares at
text: his plate.
scene_heading: EXT. SLAVE QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: The slaves, gathered on mass around fires. Frenzied
text: drumming, dancing. Lestat rides through, scattering the
text: flames. The drumming stops. The slaves look towards the
text: house. Slowly, they begin to move towards it.
scene_heading: INT. POINTE DU LAC DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Louis, sitting in despair by the table. Yvette, the
text: slave girl enters.
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: Michi Louis? You don't want any
dialog: supper?
text: Louis laughs harshly.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: No, ma cher. I need no supper. Is
dialog: all well at Pointe Du Lac tonight?
text: Yvette draws closer. Light reveals her beauty.
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: We worry about you master. When do
dialog: you ride about the fields? How long
dialog: since you've been to the slave
dialog: quarters? Everywhere there is
dialog: death. Animals, men. Are you our
dialog: master still at all?
text: Louis watches her sadly. He's getting hungry. Her
text: throat is long and slender, her breasts are gorgeous.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: Leave me alone now, Yvette.
speaker_heading: YVETTE
dialog: I will not go unless you listen to
dialog: me. Send away this new friend of
dialog: yours. The slaves are frightened of
dialog: him. They are frightened of you.
text: She comes closer, and he can hear her beating heart.
text: She touches his hair. He takes her hand and brings it
text: to his lips.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I am frightened of myself, Yvette.
text: He kisses her wrist. She suddenly gasps, sharply,
text: withdraws her hand. She sees her wrist is red with
text: blood. She sees the blood on his lips. She screams.
text: Louis stands.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Hush, Yvette -
text: She screams even louder. Louis clamps his hand over her
text: mouth. Her hand grips the table-cloth, pulls, bringing
text: the empty glasses and crockery to the floor.
text: In horror, Louis realizes he has broken her neck. He
text: brings her cut wrist to his lips, then drops it,
text: revolted. He carries her body outside, grief-stricken.
text: The drumming grows louder.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - NIGHT
text: Fires burning in the distance, round the slave-cabins.
text: The slaves are gathered at the foot of the mansion
text: steps. They see Louis come out, holding the body of
text: Yvette. He is deranged with grief.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: This place is cursed. Damned, do
dialog: you hear me? And your master is the
dialog: devil.
text: He places the body of Yvette in a rocking chair on the
dialog: veranda.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Get out while you can. You're free
dialog: men.
text: They don't move. They stare at him blankly.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Unlike me, you are no free men...
text: He turns behind him, and looks at the mansion, all
text: candelabra and chandeliers lighted, all windows open.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Do I have to convince you?
text: He rushed up the stairs, snatches up the candelabra and
text: sets fire to the drapes. He goes from window to window,
text: lighting drapes, lace curtains, everything.
scene_heading: SLAVES POV - MASTER
text: Setting fire to the house.
text: They rush up the stairs with shouts of "STOP HIM, HE'S
text: MAD". A wall of flame gushes out from the interior,
text: blocking their way.
scene_heading: INT. BURNING MANSION - NIGHT
text: Louis, wandering from room to room of the burning
text: mansion. he sees paintings of his wife consumed by the
text: flames. He is weakening with the fumes, the heat. We
text: can see this in his face, the texture of his skin.
text: Suddenly a large french window cascades inwards and
text: Lestat stands there, whip in hand. Behind him we can
text: see the morning sky.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You fool, what have you done?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What you wouldn't do. It's almost
dialog: sunrise. It will be the sun or the
dialog: fire. You said they can kill me.
dialog: The sun or the fire!
text: Louis stands there, weakened, then collapses onto the
text: floor. Lestat darts forward and catches him before he
text: drops. He runs out the shattered window, carrying him
text: on his shoulder.
scene_heading: EXT. LARGE GRAVEYARD - DAWN
text: With many crypts. Louis, unconscious, carried over
text: Lestat's shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. CRYPT
text: Darkness. Louis lying on the floor of a large crypt. He
text: slowly comes to.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Where do you think, my idiot
dialog: friend? We're in a nice filthy
dialog: cemetery. Does this make you happy?
dialog: Is this fitting and proper enough?
text: Louis laughs softly.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We belong in hell.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: And what if there is no hell, or
dialog: they don't want us there? Ever
dialog: think of that?
scene_heading: INT. ROOM. SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT
text: The vampire sits in silence, as if tired by his story.
text: Malloy speaks, hesitantly.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You loved Yvette...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Can a vampire feel love?
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You loved your wife, surely.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I was human then. Might as well ask
dialog: can an angel feel love. Both are
dialog: blesses or cursed with a certain...
dialog: detachment. Though whether angels
dialog: take as long to learn it as I, I
dialog: will never know.
text: He looks directly at Malloy, shocking him with his
dialog: gaze.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes, I loved Yvette. As I loved
dialog: Pointe Du Lac. And as with each
dialog: thing I loved, I destroyed it.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW ORLEANS - EVENING
text: From the sea, at evening, shrouded in mist.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Lestat I did not love. And he
dialog: survived.
scene_heading: INT. INN - EVENING
text: A lavish little supper chamber with coffered bed, fancy
text: French furniture. Open to rooftops of colonial city.
text: Louis sits by an open window looking out over the city.
text: Behind, we can hear the laughter of Lestat and tow
text: female voices. Louis turns and sees -
text: Lestat, in the main chamber with two drugged or drunked
text: whores. One runs her finger down his chest. The other
text: seems out of it.
speaker_heading: WHORE #1
dialog: You're skin's icy.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Not always...
text: He presses his thumb on her neck and holds her tight,
text: sinking his teeth into her neck. After a time she falls
text: to the bed, dead. he turns to the other.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Your friend has no head for wine.
speaker_heading: WHORE
dialog: She's stupid. I can warm that cold
dialog: skin of yours better than she can.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Do you think so?
text: He rubs her breast.
speaker_heading: WHORE
dialog: Why you're warm now.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Ah, but the price is pretty high.
dialog: Your sweet friend - I exhausted
dialog: her.
text: He bites her in turn, drinks her blood. She does into
text: the swoon.
text: Louis looks on in disgust. He stands.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'm leaving you. I can't stand this
dialog: any longer.
text: Lestat pulls away from the whore.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: What, no flowery speeches? About
dialog: what a monster I am? What a vulgar
dialog: fiend?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'm not interested in you. You
dialog: disgust me. I'm interested in my
dialog: own nature and know I can't trust
dialog: you to tell me the truth about me.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: What do you imagine you are Louis?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I don't pretend to know.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Don't you understand, Louis, that
dialog: you alone of all creatures can see
dialog: death with impunity... you alone
dialog: under the rising moon can strike
dialog: like the hand of God.
text: The girl moans.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Lestat, she's alive!!!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Vampires are killers. Predators,
dialog: who's all seeing eyes were meant to
dialog: give them detachment.
text: The girl moans again, open her eyes.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The girl, Lestat -
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I know. Let her alone.
text: He slashes her wrist with his teeth, and lets the blood
text: drip into a glass.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You think you can be human. You
dialog: think you can go back. But you
dialog: can't. You live off the blood of
dialog: rats now Louis. How human is that?
text: The girls moans again. Lestat drinks that glass.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Lie still, love...
text: The girl begins to scream. Lestat picks her up.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You're tired love, you want to
dialog: sleep.
text: He walks to his coffin, puts her inside and sits on the
text: lid. We hear muffled screaming and banging from inside.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why do you do this Lestat?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I like to do it. I enjoy it. Take
dialog: you aesthete's taste to purer
dialog: things. Kill them swiftly if you
dialog: will, but do it! For now doubt, you
dialog: are a killer Louis. Ah!
text: He stands up. The girl pushes the lid off, hysterical.
text: She looks at Louis.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: It's a coffin, a coffin! Get me
dialog: out!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Of course it's a coffin. You're
dialog: dead, love.
text: Louis screams at Lestat
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Lestat - finish this -
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You finish her - if you feel so
dialog: much -
text: The girl grabs Louis and pleads.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: You won't let me die, will you?
dialog: You'll save me?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: But it's too late, love. Look at
dialog: your wrist, you breast.
text: He picks her up again. He turns to Louis laughing.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Unless I make her one of us...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: NO!!!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: THEN YOU KILL HER!!!!!
text: The girl screams. Louis puts his hands to his ears.
text: Then Lestat, in a fit of pique puts his teeth to her
text: neck. She dies at last.
text: A terrible silence descends. Lestat looks at Louis.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: My God... to think you... are all I
dialog: have to learn from...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: In the old world, they called it
dialog: the dark gift, Louis. And I gave it
dialog: to you.
text: Louis leaves without a word.
scene_heading: EXT. DANK NEW ORLEANS BACK STREETS - NIGHT
text: A rat scurried down a gutter, then another and another.
text: Louis' hand grabs the rat. We see him from behind,
text: walking down the street, gripping one, then another.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Am I damned? Am I from the devil?
dialog: Is my very nature that of a devil?
dialog: And all the while, as these dreaded
dialog: questions caused me to neglect my
dialog: thirst, my thirst grew hotter, my
dialog: veins were threads of pain in my
text: flesh, my temples throbbed.
text: A smaller side street, in which every house is marked
text: with an X. The street is crawling with rats, and Louis
text: is following them. A man passes with a lantern.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Don't go that way Monsieur. It's
dialog: the plague. Go back the way you
dialog: came.
text: Louis smiles bitterly at these words, repeating them to
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The way I came...
text: He walks on, following the rats.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: ... and finally, when I could stand
dialog: it no longer, I stood in an empty
text: desolate street and heard the sound
text: of a child crying.
text: A house, the door slightly open, marked with an X. The
text: sound of a child crying inside. Louis walks towards it.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A little girl, pulling at a figure in a rocking chair.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Mama, please wake up. Mama, I'm
dialog: frightened, please wake up.
text: As Louis enters, he sees the woman is dead. Her eyes
text: are being eaten away by rats.
text: Louis gasps in horror. Claudia turns. She is a radiant
text: doll or angel as she stretches out her hand to Louis.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Monsieur, please help us. Papa's
dialog: waiting for us at the ship. Please
dialog: wake mama, Monsieur.
text: She runs to him. Instinctively, he gathers her in his
text: arms. He looks down pitying on her beautiful face.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: And if I am damned, why do I fell
dialog: such pity for her gaunt face? Why
dialog: do I wish to warm her tiny arms?
dialog: Comfort her beating heart?
text: She snuggles into him, suddenly utterly secure. She
text: tugs at his hair, brings his head down towards her. And
text: we see Louis shiver, as his lips go to her neck.
text: Her breathing becomes calm as she goes into the swoon.
text: Gradually another sound replaces it.
text: LESTAT'S LAUGHTER, GROWING LOUDER AND LOUDER.
text: Suddenly Louis backs away, caught red-handed, the child
text: in his arms. He sees Lestat slapping his knee and
text: laughing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Ah, my philosopher, my martyr.
dialog: "Never take a human life". Well you
dialog: must admit it is funny. Or is it
dialog: merely touching? I'm not sure.
text: Louis stares at the unconscious Claudia in horror, then
text: lets her slip gently into a chair. Shamefully he wipes
text: his mouth, sees the tiny wounds on her throat.
text: Lestat snatches up the dead mother from the chair and
text: begins to dance with her in great circles, humming and
text: talking. Her head falls back. Black water flows from
text: her mouth.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Let's make some party of it, shall
dialog: we? Maybe there's some life in the
dialog: old lady yet?
text: Louis flees into the street.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Come back, Louis, you are what you
dialog: are. The plague would have got her
dialog: within hours anyway. Merciful Death
dialog: how you love your precious guilt.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: Louis running through an assortment of streets. All the
text: night life of New Orleans flows by him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: For years I had not savored a
dialog: human. And when I had Lestat's
dialog: words made sense to me. I knew
dialog: peace only when I killed and when I
dialog: heard her heart in that terrible
dialog: rhythm I knew again what peace
dialog: could be. Yet even then I could not
dialog: contenance it...
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFRONT - DAWN
text: Fingers of light in the sky. Louis, pale and shivering,
text: walks splashing through the water. He comes to a huge
text: sewer-pipe, crowded with rats. He crawls inside.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFRONT - SOME EVENINGS LATER
text: The same sewer-pipe. Now the bodies of dead rats lie
text: all around. A pair of fine leather boots splash through
dialog: the water - Lestat's.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER-PIPE - EVENING
text: Louis huddled there, so pale and shivering he seems
text: close to death. Lestat comes through.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: All I need to find you Louis is
text: follow the corpses of rats.
text: He bends down to him, surprisingly gently and puts his
text: own coat around him.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Pain is terrible for you. You feel
dialog: it like no other creature because
dialog: you are a vampire. You don't want
dialog: it to go on.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: No...
text: They emerge from the sewer and walk along the
dialog: waterfront.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Do what it is in your nature to do.
dialog: And you will feel as you felt with
dialog: that child in your arms.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Oh God Lestat. I felt peace. I felt
text: an end to the craving.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: That and more.
text: He puts his arm around Louis, to stop his shivering.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Evil is a point of view. God kills,
dialog: indiscriminately, and so shall we.
dialog: For no creatures under God are as
dialog: we are, none so like him as
dialog: ourselves.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Is God merciless? Greedy and cruel?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Ah, but we have even more in common
dialog: with our creator. come, I am like a
dialog: mother tonight. I want a child.
text: Louis is baffled. He follows.
scene_heading: INT. INN - SUPPER ROOM
text: Lestat enters.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: She's here, your wounded one.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You need company, Louis. More
dialog: congenial than mine...
text: Lestat holds up a candle and walks towards a large four-
text: poster bed. Claudia lies there, angelic, under the
text: coverlet, two marks on her neck.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Lestat!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You remember how you wanted her,
dialog: the taste of her -
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I didn't want to kill her.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Don't worry, Louis, you're
dialog: conscience is clear. You left her
dialog: alive.
text: Lestat shakes her gently.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Claudia, Claudia, listen to me.
dialog: You're ill, my precious and I'm
dialog: going to give you what you need to
dialog: get well.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Lestat, what do you mean?
text: Louis runs at him, but Lestat brushes him aside
text: effortlessly, so he falls to the floor. Lestat bites
text: his wrist and presses the bleeding wound to the child's
text: mouth... He winces in pain.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: That's it dear. More. You must
dialog: drink it to get well.
text: Claudia sucks on the wound, reviving, making little
text: noises like a person waking from sleep.
text: Louis rises to his feet as Claudia clutches Lestat's
text: arm, sucking the blood fiercely. Lestat moans.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Stop, that's enough. No more.
text: He pulls her loose and she growls and stares at him
text: with big clear astonished eyes.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I want more.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What have you done?
text: Lestat puts her down on the bed and sits beside her,
text: holding his wrist, obviously in pain.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: More.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes, cherie, of course you want
dialog: more. And I'll show you how to get
dialog: it. You drink from morals, my
dialog: beauty, but from me? Never again.
text: Still suffering, Lestat pulls the bell-rope.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CLAUDIA
text: Being transformed. Becoming white yet robust, bright-
text: eyed yet crazed. She shakes her beautiful curls and the
text: dust falls from them. They are shining in the
text: candlelight.
text: Louis cannot stop looking at her. He does not notices
dialog: as -
text: The MAID enters.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Ah, quelle Belle enfant!
text: The maid comes near the bed, kneels in front of
text: Claudia. Lestat lays his hand on the maid's throat and
text: Claudia watches keenly.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Gently, cherie. They are so
dialog: innocent. They must not be made to
dialog: suffer.
text: Claudia lunges for the throbbing vein in the neck,
text: locking on to the flowing blood.
text: The Maid is transfixed.
text: Close on Louis, his anguish, his fascinated horror.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You are the devil! You are the
dialog: instrument of Satan!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: That's enough, cherie. Stop before
text: the heart stops.
text: He lets the dead maid onto the floor. Claudia looks at
text: the corpse.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I want some more.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: It's bet in the beginning, lest the
dialog: death takes you down with it. yes,
dialog: that's it. My child. My beloved
dialog: child.
text: Lestat and Claudia sit on the Louis XVI settee. Claudia
text: is a vision, a doll made out of pearl. Animated, voice
dialog: crisp.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Where is Mamma?
text: The words echo in Louis' head, as he puts his hands to
text: his ears.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Mamma's gone to Heaven, cherie,
dialog: like that sweet lady over there.
dialog: They all go to Heaven. And you did
dialog: very well, cherie. Not a drop
dialog: spilt. Very good! You're going to
dialog: be our child now.
text: Lestat takes out his comb and begins to comb her hair.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Your mama's left you with us. She
dialog: wants you to be happy.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: You are the devil! You are the
dialog: instrument of Satan!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Shhhh! Do you want to frighten our
dialog: little daughter?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I'm not your daughter.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes you are, my dearest. You are
dialog: mine and Louis' daughter. You see
dialog: Louis was going to leave us. He was
text: going to go away. But now he's not.
dialog: He's going to stay and make you
dialog: happy.
text: Claudia runs over to him. She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Lou...eee...
text: Louis is conflicted. He cannot leave her. He touches
text: her cheeks, her hair. Same as his. Vampire skin and
text: hair. He draws in his breath, shocked by her beauty,
text: then he embraces her as a father might a daughter. He
text: looks over her shoulder to Lestat.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You fiend. You monster.
dialog: Lestat smiles
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: One happy family.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - SAN FRANCISCO
text: Malloy is open mouthed.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: A child vampire!
text: He sees the tape has run out. He rapidly and clumsily
text: sticks in another.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Shall we go on?
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: He did it to make you stay with
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Perhaps. He knew me. He knew I
dialog: would love her more than the waking
dialog: world. But there was more to it
dialog: than that. Perhaps in the end he
dialog: did it - to show me that he could.
dialog: For he lavished affection on her,
dialog: there was no doubt about that. Life
dialog: was very different with madame
dialog: Claudia, as you can imagine...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW SPANISH TOWNHOUSE - (RUE ROYALE, NEW ORLEANS)
text: Two husky movers bring in furniture through the back
text: courtyard, past the fountain and the banana trees, up
dialog: the back stairs and into -
scene_heading: INT. FLAT
text: Striped wallpaper gives way to flowers in the bedrooms.
text: Huge four-poster beds in the bedrooms, and large
text: chests, as big as coffins standing against the wall.
text: Everywhere there are candles and pretty Louis XVI
text: furniture. Lestat gives instructions to the movers.
text: WE MOVE INTO A DIMLY LIT PARLOUR
text: We see Claudia draped in lace standing on a petit point
text: chair as a DRESSMAKER measure out a garment.
text: Louis can be seen, in an inner room.
speaker_heading: DRESSMAKER
dialog: Monsieur, I need more light. I
dialog: shall go slind if you do not bring
dialog: me a lamp, or let me fit this child
dialog: during the day. Ouch!
text: She has pricked her hand. A spot of blood appears on
text: her finger Claudia takes her hand.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Let me kiss it better...
text: Claudia brings the hand to her lips. The dressmaker
text: abruptly pulls her finger away, in pain again.
text: CLOSEUP - her finger, two holes showing.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: A little child she was, but also a
text: fierce killer, now capable of the
text: ruthless pursuit of blood with all
text: a child's demanding.
text: Lestat walks through - sees the dressmaker lying dead
text: at Claudia's feet, Claudia still on the chair in the
text: half-finished dress.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Claudia, Claudia, will you never
dialog: learn? Who will we get now to
dialog: finish your dress? A little
dialog: practicality, cherie...
scene_heading: INT. LOUIS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: She would sleep in my coffin,
dialog: daily, curl her child's fingers
dialog: round my hair as she dreamt of I
dialog: know not what...
dialog: 
text: Claudia and Louis, sleeping in a coffin together,
text: Claudia's fingers curling his hair.
scene_heading: INT. CLAUDIA'S BEDROOM
text: Claudia playing with dolls, each as perfect and
text: beautifully dressed as she is.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
text: Mute and beautiful, she played with
text: dolls, dressing them and undressing
dialog: them by the hour.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - NIGHT
text: Claudia tinkling with her child's hands on the piano,
text: picking out a hesitant tune.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Mute and beautiful, she killed. And
dialog: to watch her kill was chilling.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - NIGHT
text: The tinkling of Claudia's piano is heard, over -
text: A well-dressed lady, walking through a square lit by
text: gaslight. The lady hears a child's sobbing and stops,
dialog: turns.
speaker_heading: POV
text: Claudia, the picture of lost innocence, sitting on a
text: bench and crying.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Why are you crying, child?
text: The woman, all solicitude, goes to Claudia.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Are you lost, my love?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Mama...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hush now, don't cry, We'll find
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Mama...
text: The woman takes Claudia in her arms. Claudia nestles
text: her head in her shoulder, her teeth near her neck.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: They found death fast in those
dialog: days, before she learnt to play
dialog: with the, to delay the moment till
dialog: she had taken what she wanted...
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - NIGHT
text: A stern, stiff PIANO-TEACHER (male) beating time with a
text: ruler as Claudia picks out scales on the piano. He raps
text: her on the knuckles.
scene_heading: PIANO-TEACHER
dialog: The thumb girl! Mind the thumb!
text: Claudia glares at him, then returns to playing,
text: improving rapidly.
scene_heading: INT. DOLL-SHOP - NIGHT
text: Piano music over. Mozart, now well played.
text: Claudia staring at a glass case, inside of which are an
text: array of eighteenth century dolls. An old DOLLMAKER
text: looks down on her.
speaker_heading: DOLLMAKER
dialog: They are expensive, my dear. Maybe
dialog: too expensive for a young girl like
dialog: you...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Claudia walking along, clutching the doll.
scene_heading: INT. DOLL-SHOP - NIGHT
text: The dollmaker lying dead, two puncture marks in his
text: throat, his dolls scattered all around him.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERTAKER'S - NIGHT
text: Claudia and Louis looking through the window at a
text: display of coffins. Claudia point at the smallest one.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: She grew, yet stayed the same. She
dialog: wanted a bed of her own, yet would
dialog: climb back into mine.
scene_heading: INT. CLAUDIA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The child's coffin on the floor. The lid lifts. Claudia
text: emerges, yawning, wanders through the flat into -
speaker_heading: LOUIS' BEDROOM
text: Where his coffin sits. She slides the lid off, and
text: curls in beside him.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - NIGHT
text: Claudia playing the piano, now with remarkable
text: dexterity. The piano-teacher sits mute beside her. As
text: she plays, he topples over and falls to the ground. We
text: see the puncture-marks in his neck. Lestat, hearing the
text: noise, comes in.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Claudia, Claudia! Didn't I tell
dialog: you, never in the house!
text: Claudia smiles to herself, keeps playing.
scene_heading: INT. CLAUDIA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CANARIES sing in a cage, above a child's coffin.
text: Claudia is writing at a secretaire. She is writing in a
text: diary with a quill pen in an adult hand. She murmurs
text: the date as she writes.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: September 21st, one hour after
text: sunset. The sky is still violet,
dialog: the way Louis loves and as always
dialog: Lestat was gone when we rose.
text: She looks up and sees Louis in the doorway, watching
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: How did you learn to write,
dialog: Claudia?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: The way I learn everything. By
dialog: watching you.
text: She closes the diary.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: But you never let me see you kill,
dialog: Louis.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Lestat taught you all you need to
dialog: know about that.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Infant death, he calls me. Sweet
dialog: daughter death. You know what he
dialog: calls you? Merciful death.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: He jests.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Why does he call you that?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Hush, Claudia don't talk about such
dialog: things. Show me your book.
text: She opens it. Inside there is a beautiful pen and ink
dialog: portrait of Louis.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Claudia! You did that?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Sit still. It's not finished -
text: She begins to fill in the sketch.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Time can pass fast for mortals when
dialog: they're happy. With us it was the
dialog: same.
scene_heading: EXT. RUE ROYALE - NIGHT (1800'S)
text: Street lamps are oil at this period. Houses are now
text: tall two-story Spanish style. Streets are flagstone.
text: Passing carriages are black.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: It was a very different life. And a
dialog: new century was beginning. what had
dialog: once been a small godforsaken
dialog: French colony was growing into a
dialog: great port, giving us an endless
dialog: train of magnificent strangers...
text: Claudia, Louis and Lestat, dressed in the same clothes
text: walking through a raucous carnival with sideshows.
text: Crowd milling around, sailors, whores, children,
text: thieves, freed slaves, Indians. They pass a Wild West
text: display, jugglers, fire-eaters, three-card
dialog: tricksters...
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: All human life was here, for the
dialog: taking. And we took, all three of
dialog: us, in our different ways...
text: They come to a raised platform where a troupe of
text: perfectly-formed midgets do a burlesque show.
text: Claudia stops. She stares, at these small, perfect
text: creatures like herself, intrigued and troubled.
text: Louis and Lestat walk on, not noticing as -
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
text: Circles the troupe. She comes to a small tent, behind
text: it. At the entrance stands a midget youth.
speaker_heading: YOUTH
dialog: You want to come inside, lovely?
text: Claudia walks up to him.
speaker_heading: YOUTH
dialog: Ever been kissed?
text: Claudia shakes her head. He kisses her. Claudia allow
text: her to be kissed, then bites his tongue. he youth
text: struggles, as Claudia holds him and drains him. She
text: lets him go as Louis appears behind her.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: She's like me, Louis. Small and yet
dialog: not small at all. Like me.
text: Louis hurriedly draws her away.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: I watched her grow yet stay the
text: same, her doll-like face possessed
text: of adult eyes, eerie, powerful,
dialog: seductive...
scene_heading: INT. FLAT - NIGHT
text: Claudia playing the piano, now like a demonic Liszt.
dialog: Louis writing.
text: Lestat appears in the doorway. He has a big box in his
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Another doll? I have ten, you
dialog: realize.
dialog: FOCUS ON early 19th Century French dolls - wood, glass,
text: wax, bisque - all around the bedroom, on chairs, on the
text: bed. Some newish, some tattered old.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Well, I thought you could use
dialog: another.
text: He hands her the box. It is a fine Parisian Jumeau
text: doll. She likes it and stokes its face.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Why always on this night?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: What night? What do you mean?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You always give me the doll on the
dialog: same night of the year.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I didn't realize.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Is this my birthday?
text: He examines the other dolls.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Some of these are so old and
dialog: tattered. You should throw them
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I have. Or there would be twice as
dialog: many.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: But you're the fairest by far.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You dress me like a doll. You make
dialog: my hair like a doll. Why?
text: Lestat doesn't answer. Claudia stands up quickly, and
text: strides out into the -
speaker_heading: PARLOUR
text: Where Louis is reading by the window. She walks to a
text: mirrored cabinet, takes out a scissors and begins
text: cutting her hair.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You want me to be a doll forever?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Claudia - don't -
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Why not?
text: She continues cutting. She sees Lestat emerge from her
text: bedroom in the mirror behind her then turns to him, an
text: angelic little boy's face now with soft curls around
text: her face.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Can't I change, like everybody
dialog: else?
text: She walks past him, back into her bedroom and slams the
dialog: door.
text: A beat. Louis looks from the mass of blonde hair on the
text: floor to Lestat. Then a HORRID SCREAM pierces the
text: silence. More screams, which become roars.
scene_heading: INT. CLAUDIA'S BEDROOM
text: She stands before the dressing-table, all her long hair
text: grown back over her shoulders. She holds it with both
text: hands, screaming and screaming. Lestat and Louis come
text: through the door.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Which of you did it? Which of you
dialog: made me the way I am?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: What you are? You would be
dialog: something other than you are?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: And if I cut my hair again?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: It will grow back again!
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: But it wasn't always so! I had a
dialog: mother once! And Louis - he had a
dialog: wife! He was mortal the same as
dialog: she! And so was I!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Claudia -
text: She turns on Lestat.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You made us what we are, didn't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Stop her Louis!
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: DID YOU DO IT TO ME????
text: She runs at him with the scissors, scoring his face.
text: The cut heals. She scores it again. It heals again. She
text: stares at him in horror.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: How did you do it?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: And why should I tell you? It's in
dialog: my power.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Why yours alone? Tell me how it was
dialog: done!!!!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Be glad I made you what you are!
dialog: You'd be dead not if I hadn't.
text: He storms out. Louis goes to Claudia and picks her up
text: in his arms.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: We're immortal. You've always known
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Tell me why... you've got to tell
dialog: me...
text: Louis carries her outside, onto the porch. There is an
text: old flower-seller going by.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You see the old woman? That will
dialog: never happen to you. You'll never
dialog: grow old. You will never die.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: And it means something else too,
dialog: doesn't it? I shall never, ever
dialog: grow up.
text: She clutches Louis desperately.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I hate him. But I cannot bear to
dialog: lose you. You're the only companion
dialog: I have, forever. You taught me
dialog: everything I know. Please tell me
dialog: Louis. Tell me how it came to be
dialog: that I am this... thing...
text: Louis strokes her beautiful face, her hair.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Come... I've something to show
dialog: you...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW ORLEANS STREETS - NIGHT
text: Louis walking, holding Claudia as if he was about to
dialog: lose her.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Though everything was changed,
dialog: through the years had warped the
dialog: contours of the streets, I found my
dialog: way there, aware that I'd always
dialog: known where it was and avoided it,
dialog: not wanting to pass the doorway
dialog: where I'd first heard Claudia cry.
text: Louis back in the same street, outside the same house.
text: He stands with Claudia at the window. There is a family
text: inside, a picture of domestic tranquility.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I heard you crying. You were there
dialog: in a room with your mother. You
text: were hugging her for warmth, crying
dialog: pitifully as you had been for days.
dialog: Because your mother was dead...
text: Claudia stares at him, suddenly very cold, very alert.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I opened the shutters... I came
dialog: into the room... I felt pity for
dialog: you. Pity, but something else.
text: He can't go on. Claudia's eyes are remorseless.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You... fed on me?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And he found me with you. I ran,
dialog: sickened at what I'd done. Then he
dialog: cut his wrist and fed you from him.
dialog: I tried to stop him, but you were a
dialog: vampire then. And have been every
dialog: night hereafter.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You both did it?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I took your life. He gave you
dialog: another one.
text: Claudia speaks through indrawn breath.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: And here it is. And I hate you
dialog: both.
text: She runs.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM SAN FRANCISCO
dialog: Malloy and Louis.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: But why did you tell her?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: How could I not? She had to know.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: And did you lose her? Did she go?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Where would she have gone? She was
text: a child, and beautiful,
text: heartbreaking merciless child. And
dialog: I had made her that...
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: Louis, walking the streets, shivering.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I walked all night. I walked as I
dialog: walked years before when my mind
text: swam with guilt at the thought of
dialog: killing. I found myself at the
dialog: Cathedral.
text: A cathedral rising out of the mist, the doors open.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I thought of all the things I had
dialog: done and couldn't undo. And I
dialog: longed for one second's peace...
text: Louis walks towards the doors, inside.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL - NIGHT
text: Louis enters. The dim lights of candles. A sacristan
text: tending the altar, an old woman praying - otherwise
text: empty.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I had no fear. If anything I longed
dialog: for something to happen, for the
dialog: stones to tremble as I entered the
dialog: foyer.
text: Louis walking down the nave of the church. He stops by
dialog: the alter.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I almost genuflected from old
dialog: habit. I almost prayed.
text: Louis sits in a pew.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And then it struck me.
speaker_heading: LOUIS' POV
text: The cross, the statues, the tabernacle.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What if the statues gave an image
dialog: to nothing? What if I was the
dialog: supernatural in this cathedral? The
dialog: only immortal under this roof. And
dialog: I felt nothing but loneliness.
text: Loneliness to the point of madness.
text: Suddenly a hand is laid on his shoulder. Louis almost
text: jumps. He turns and sees the face of a grey-haired
dialog: priest.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You wish to go to confession? I was
text: about to lock up the church.
text: Louis stares at him, tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You are troubled, aren't you? Can I
dialog: help?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It's too late, too late -
speaker_heading: PREIST
dialog: No, it's never too late. Come...
text: The priest gestures to the confessional. Louis rises,
dialog: slowly.
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL
text: Louis, kneeling in the darkness. The hatch slides back.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Bless me father for I have sinned
dialog: so often and so long, I don't know
dialog: how to change nor beg for
dialog: forgiveness.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Son, God is infinite in his
dialog: capacity to forgive. Tell him from
dialog: your heart.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Murders, father, death after death.
dialog: The woman who died two nights ago
dialog: in Jackson Square, I killed her.
text: And thousands of others before her.
dialog: I have walked the streets of New
dialog: Orleans like the Grim reaper. And
dialog: fed on human life for my own. I am
dialog: a vampire, father, and have turned
dialog: the one I love most of all into on
dialog: too -
text: The hatch slams down. Louis rises, confused, and the
text: door is flung open, the priest stands there.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Do you know the meaning of
dialog: sacrilege?
text: Louis rises. Walks out.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Then there is no mercy.
text: His face comes into the light. The priest steps back,
text: open-mouthed.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You talk of sacrilege. Why if God
dialog: exists does he suffer me to exist?
text: He bares his fangs. The priest runs, screaming. Gets to
text: the bellrope, begins to ring the bell. Louis swoops on
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why does he suffer me to live?
text: Louis takes him, lifting him from the floor, till his
text: feet stop kicking.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT - NIGHT
text: Louis enters, silently, like a corpse. He hears a voice
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
text: Locked together in hatred -
text: He turns, sees her sitting in the darkness. She is
text: wearing a tiny nightgown of stitched lace and pearls,
text: weirdly adult and seductive. She comes towards him.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: But I can't hate you Louis.
text: She sprays perfume over her body as she comes nearer.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Is this the aroma of a mortal
dialog: child?
text: She whispers.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Louis. Lover.
text: She kisses his cheek.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I was mortal to you. You gave me
dialog: your immortal kiss. You became my
dialog: mother and my father. And so I'm
dialog: yours. Forever.
text: She takes his face in her hands.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: But now's the time to end it,
dialog: Louis. Now's the time to leave him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He'll never let us go.
text: Claudia smiles.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Oh... really?
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKLANDS - NEW ORLEANS - NIGHT
text: A sailing ship, by the docks. Louis and Claudia talking
text: to a shipping-clerk.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: So we made plans. She was convinced
dialog: there were others of our kind in
dialog: Europe, that they would have the
dialog: answers Lestat couldn't provide.
dialog: Lestat whom she now hated, who she
dialog: thought she could be free of. I
dialog: doubted, but then she had a
dialog: surprise in store...
scene_heading: INT. FLAT - NIGHT
text: Lestat playing the piano. Louis reading. Claudia
text: enters, wearing a cape and hat. She walks to the piano,
text: sits at the end of the piano and stares at him as he
dialog: plays.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: What is it now? You irritate me!
dialog: Your very presence irritates me!
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Does it?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes. And I'll tell you something
dialog: else! I've met someone who will
dialog: make a better vampire than both of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Is that supposed to frighten me?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You're spoilt because you're an
dialog: only child. You need a brother. Or
dialog: I do. I'm weary of you both.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I suppose we could people the world
dialog: with vampires, the three of us.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Not you my dear.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You're a liar. But you upset my
dialog: plans.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: What plans?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I came to make peace with you, even
dialog: if you're the father of lies. I
dialog: want things to be as they were.
text: Louis perks up, puzzled.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Stop pestering me then!
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Oh, Lestat. I must do more than
dialog: that. I've brought a present for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Then I hope its a beautiful woman
dialog: with endowments you will never
dialog: possess.
text: Claudia stares at him for a moment.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Better than that.
text: She takes his hand and leads him into an inner room.
text: Louis follows behind.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You haven't fed enough. I can tell
dialog: by your color.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Two beautiful youths, lying asleep on a couch, by a
text: table full with a half-eaten meal. Lestat sighs.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Oh, Claudia, you've outdone
dialog: yourself. Where did you find them?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
text: Drunk on brandy wine. A thimbleful.
dialog: I thought of you when I saw them.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: We forgive each other then?
text: Claudia stares at him, sitting. She nods.
text: Lestat bites into the neck of one of the youths, sucks
text: greedily and horribly. Claudia watches him without
text: expression. He finished one, is about to take the other
text: when he staggers. He looks at Claudia.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Absinthe? You gave them absinthe?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: No. Laudanum.
text: Lestat stares wildly at her, tries to move towards her,
text: then slips to the floor.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Laudanum!
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Yes. It killed them, unfortunately.
dialog: But it keeps the blood warm.
text: Lestat tries to rise.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Ah Louis, Louis, she killed them...
dialog: and let me drink...
text: Louis watches, appalled. He goes to move.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Don't Louis -
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Louis, put me in my coffin...
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I'll put you in your coffin.
dialog: Forever.
text: She pulls a knife out from under her shawl, walks
text: rapidly to him and slashes his throat. Blood explodes
dialog: from it.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Claudia! Don't do this thing!!!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Louis, Louis, I gave you the gift -
dialog: help me -
text: Claudia lacerates his face. Blood pours from
text: everywhere. She plunges the knife in his chest. He
text: falls back, fangs bared, clutching the knife. Claudia
text: leaps on him then, bites deep into his neck as he dies.
text: Louis screams, runs forward, pulls her away.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What have you done, Claudia -
text: He drags her off Lestat, tries to pull her out of the
text: room. She hisses at him.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Louis! Look what's happening to
dialog: him!!
text: Louis looks. The floor is a sea of blood. Lestat has
text: begun to shrivel, as if he'd been a bag of blood. His
text: skin is shriveling against his bones like parchment,
text: his eyes are slipping back into his skull-like face.
text: His lush, beautiful hair remains unchanged. But his
text: clothes are virtually being emptied of the body. It is
text: no more than bones, wrapped in paper and the pupils of
text: the eyes suddenly roll up into the papered skull.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Lestat. Oh, God forgive us.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Don't mock me, Louis. Help me.
text: She stares at the shriveled skeleton in its skin
text: wrapping. She is fascinated. She sees the vampiric
text: blood flow all over the floor. She touches it and
text: brings her finger to her lips.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Goodnight, sweet prince, may
dialog: flights of devils wing you to your
dialog: rest.
text: Louis walks forward, touches the skeleton, the blonde
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: He's dead, Claudia, dead.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: The one good lesson he taught me,
dialog: Louis. Never drink from the dead.
text: She stands up, all business suddenly.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Help me. We must get rid of him.
text: She drags the coverlet from the table, knocking the
text: crockery over the dead youths, and wraps Lestat's
text: skeleton in it. She takes a bunch of chrysanthemums and
text: places them in his skeleton hands.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Should we burn him? Bury him? What
dialog: would he have liked, Louis?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Don't mock, Claudia...
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: The swamp...
scene_heading: EXT. CARRIAGE - NIGHT
text: Louis whipping the horses. Claudia beside him. Lestat's
text: skeleton in the back, with the bodies of the two dead
dialog: youths.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: In Europe, Louis. We shall meet our
dialog: own kind. Find the one who made
dialog: him. Learn what it means.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And suppose the one who made him
dialog: knows nothing and the vampire who
dialog: made him knows nothing, and it goes
dialog: back, nothing proceeding from
dialog: nothing, until there is nothing!
dialog: And we must live with the knowledge
dialog: that there is no knowledge.
dialog: 
text: The carriage pulls up by a swamp. Mist everywhere.
text: Overhanging creepers.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And if we find the one who made
dialog: him? Do we tell him we destroyed
dialog: his own creation? The vampire
dialog: Lestat?
text: Louis drags out the bodies of the boys. He slides them
text: into the waters of the swamp. We see ripples in the
text: water and the churning of alligators, as they attack
text: the corpses. Louis takes Lestat's skeleton in his arms.
text: He slides it into the waters. The alligators speed
text: towards it.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: He belongs with those reptiles,
dialog: Louis. He deserved to die.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Then maybe so do we. Every night of
dialog: our lives. He was my brother. My
dialog: maker. He gave me this life,
dialog: whatever it is.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I did it for us, Louis. So we could
dialog: be free.
text: He stands there, saying nothing.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Louis, look at me.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: I can't. Go away from me.
text: Claudia is shocked to her core. She steps back. Louis
text: stares at the rippling waters. Gradually the movement
text: of alligators stops. Then he hears a sound he hasn't
text: heard in years. Soft, choking. He turns, sees Claudia
text: sitting by a cypress tree, like a little girl for the
text: first time in years. She is weeping copiously.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Claudia - You're crying -
text: We see her face, tears of blood running down it. She is
text: heartbroken, lost.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You never talked to me like that -
dialog: in all these years.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And you never cried -
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I can't bear it when you do - I
dialog: would die rather than lose you
dialog: Louis. I would die the way he died.
text: Louis gathers her in his arms.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Hush, Claudia, hush now my dear -
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Tell me you don't hate me Louis. I
dialog: did it for you -
text: Louis walks her towards the carriage.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I love you Claudia. Always. And we
dialog: are free now, Claudia. No Lestat.
dialog: Just the two of us, beginning the
dialog: great adventure of our lives.
text: He lifts her into the carriage and drives off, leaving
text: the silent waters of the swamp.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT - NIGHT
text: Sturdy mulatto workmen lifting cases and trunks out of
text: the apartment. All the furniture is covered in white
text: sheets. Claudia dressed in a cap and hat, is playing
text: the piano by the light of one remaining oil-lamp.
text: Louis comes from her room with the cage of canaries.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The birds. We forgot about the
dialog: birds. There's nothing for it but
dialog: to let them go.
text: He opens the cage, and the canaries fly around the
dialog: room.
text: There is a knocking on the door. Claudia falters.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The workmen must have a trunk -
dialog: don't stop, cherie -
text: He goes downstairs. Claudia plays a moment, then stops,
text: perturbed. She goes to the window. Then sees something
text: out there that makes her face go white. She screams.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Louis!!!
scene_heading: THE STAIRWAY
text: Louis walking to the door. The knocking gets louder.
speaker_heading: THE PARLOUR
text: Claudia runs for the stairs, after Louis.
speaker_heading: THE HALLWAY
text: Louis reaches the door. The knocking gets louder. He
text: opens the door as -
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
text: Reaches the stairs. She screams -
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Don't Louis -
text: But Louis has opened the door. Nothing there. He looks
text: back at Claudia, puzzled, then at the door again when,
text: swooping into his vision comes the nightmare image of -
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: In filthy swamp-soaked rags, robust again, but his
text: flesh shriveled, covered in scars, his eyes riddled,
text: bloodshot. he roars.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: WHERE IS SHE? WHERE IS THAT
scene_heading: ACCURSED CHILD?
text: Louis throws his body against the door, slamming it on
text: Lestat's reaching hand. The hand withdraws, as Lestat
text: roars. Louis bolts the door.
text: Louis runs up the stairs, sweeps Claudia in his arms,
text: watching appalled as the door shudders with the force
text: of Lestat's body.
speaker_heading: IN THE PARLOUR
text: Louis runs through with Claudia in his arms.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It can't be -
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: It is! Take the back stairwell -
text: Suddenly Lestat crashes through the casement window,
text: scattering blood everywhere, reefing himself on the
text: shattered glass. He tumbles to the floor and gets
text: unsteadily to his feet.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: GIVE ME HER LOUIS!!
text: Louis throws Claudia behind him and hurls himself on
text: Lestat, who fights like a ravening animal, bits of his
text: broken body coming off in the process. Then with a
text: terrifying effort, Lestat hurls Louis off, goes for
text: Claudia, who grabs the poker from the fireplace,
text: scatters burning coals over him. He falls back, then
text: comes at her again, as the drapes catch fire. Louis
text: grabs the lamp.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Stay back - for the love of God...
dialog: or I'll burn you alive...
text: Lestat lunges again at Claudia.
text: Louis hurls the lamp, which explodes him in flame.
text: Lestat screams in agony, whirls around the room, then
text: comes on Claudia again. She hurls another lamp.
text: Louis throws the flaming sheets around him, wrapping
text: him further in fire. Lestat falls to his knees,
text: choking, hands up over his face in the smoke. The whole
text: parlor is afire. Louis gathers up Claudia, smothering
text: the burning house, carries her down the back stairs,
text: through the carriage way and through the gathering
text: crowds of mortals into the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Louis running, with Claudia in his arms. He looks back
text: at the flames of the house. Sound of a ship's horn.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: The ship is sailing without us!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: Not yet. Holding her tightly, Louis
dialog: runs.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF SHIP - NEAR DAWN
text: Louis stands at the railings in the morning mist as the
text: ship moves down the river. He sees...
scene_heading: CITY OF NEW ORLEANS
text: With flame lighting up the sky.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Though the fire seemed to spread
dialog: through the quartier, I stood on
text: that deck until dawn, fearful he
dialog: would come out again of the very
dialog: river like some monster to destroy
dialog: us both. And all the while I
dialog: thought, Lestat, we deserve your
dialog: vengeance. You gave me the dark
dialog: gift. And I delivered you into the
text: hands of death for the second time.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM. SAN FRANCISCO
dialog: Louis and Malloy.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: Did he die in the fire?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He was dead to us. We were free.
dialog: That was all that mattered.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP - EVENING
text: The ship, shrouded in mist.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Though the ship was blessedly free
dialog: of rats, a strange plague
dialog: nonetheless struck its passengers.
text: A body is slipped into the sea. A priest reads last
text: rites to a mourning family.
scene_heading: INT. SHIPS HOLD
text: Trunks and cases, creaking with the ship's movement.
text: Dead rats everywhere.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: Claudia and I alone seemed immune.
dialog: We kept to ourselves, pondering the
dialog: mystery of Lestat and the greater
dialog: mystery of each other.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP - NIGHT
text: Passing through the Straits of Gibralter.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: We reached the Mediterranean. I
dialog: wanted those waters to be blue.
dialog: They were black, nighttime waters
dialog: and how I suffered then, straining
dialog: to remember the color that a young
dialog: man's senses had taken for granted,
dialog: that my memory had let slip away
text: for eternity. It was black off the
text: coast of Italy, black off the coast
dialog: of Greece, Europe itself was black.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. DECK - NIGHT
text: Claudia, sitting with an easel and sketch-pad,
text: sketching the bay of Naples. A beautifully realized
text: drawing, all in shades of grey and black. Louis
dialog: observes.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Louis, your quest is for darkness
dialog: only. This sea is not your sea.
dialog: They myths of men are not your
dialog: myths. Their history isn't yours.
text: The sketch changes to a sketch of -
speaker_heading: THE ACROPOLIS
text: In the moonlight.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: We saw the Acropolis by moonlight,
dialog: shades of grey and silver. And I
dialog: longed for the brilliant white of
dialog: those marbles in the hot sun of
dialog: Homer...
text: The sketch changes to a sketch of -
speaker_heading: TRANSYLVANIA
text: And the traditional shapes of the vampire landscape.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: We docked at Varna and searched the
dialog: rural countryside of the
dialog: Carpathians, for what she liked to
dialog: term "our kind"...
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF SKETCHES
scene_heading: A TRANSLYVANIAN VILLAGE, A GRAVEYARD.
text: RUINED CASTLE AFTER CASTLE, LOOKING INTO THE SKIES...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The quest for these Old World
dialog: vampires filled me with bitterness.
dialog: We searched village after village,
dialog: ruin after ruin and I was glad when
dialog: always we found nothing. For what
dialog: could the damned really have to say
dialog: to the damned?
scene_heading: INT. ROOM. SAN FRANCISCO
dialog: Malloy and Louis.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You found nothing?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Peasant rumors, superstitions about
dialog: garlic, crosses, stakes in the
dialog: hear, all that - how do you say
dialog: again? Bull shit. But one of our
dialog: kind? Not a whisper.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: No vampires in Transylvania? No
dialog: Count Dracula?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Fictions, my friend. The vulgar
dialog: fictions of a demented Irishman...
dialog: So we repaired to Paris...
scene_heading: EXT. BOULEVARD FACADE OF GRAND HOTEL AND PARIS OPERA
text: Crowds and gaslight everywhere. Carriages, horses,
text: OPERA coming from the opera house.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: I think the very name of Paris
dialog: brought a rush of pleasure to me
dialog: that was extraordinary. I was a
dialog: Creole, after all and Paris was the
dialog: mother of New Orleans, a universe
dialog: whole and entire unto herself...
scene_heading: EXT. 18TH CENTURE PALACES ALONG THE SEINE - NIGHT
text: The high walls of the Louvre, dark figures walking in
text: pairs through the shadowy tulieries.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SHOP WINDOW
text: Claudia, in furtrimmed muff and bonnet, peers through
text: the glass at a display of dolls. Each doll in there
text: seems to resemble her, with blonde hair and blue eyes.
text: She peers deep into the shop and sees -
text: MADELEINE, a young woman bent over a workbench painting
text: a doll's face, oblivious to being watched.
scene_heading: INT. OPERA STAIRCASE
text: Louis and Claudia hurrying hand in hand with a crowd of
text: mortals towards the sound of an ORCHESTRA TURNING
dialog: beyond.
scene_heading: INT. NOTRE DAME
text: Claudia and Louis standing in the deep shadows, looking
text: at the branching arches. Louis is overcome with
text: sadness, Claudia is fascinated.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY
text: Louis and Claudia walk among a series of mythological
text: nudes by Poussin.
scene_heading: INT. SALON - NIGHT
text: Claudia, surrounded by discarded dresses and outfits,
text: being attended by couturiers. All the clothes are tiny,
text: to fit her frame, but have an adult cut and shape.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We were alive again. We were in
dialog: love and so euphoric was I that I
dialog: yielded to her every desire...
scene_heading: INT. SUMPRUOUS HOTEL SUITE
text: Full of late 19th century furniture, lots of Empire
text: style, Regency, gilt, velvet and brocade.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON A HUGE BLACK EBONY CHEST
text: Against a wall, solemn among all the light and glitter.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
text: By a large gilt mirror, in her new clothes. She is
text: covered with jewelry, fixing earrings to her ears.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Help me, mon chere...
text: Louis walks over, helps her with the earrings.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: How do I look?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Still my beautiful child.
text: Claudia laughs.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: A beautiful child! Is that what you
dialog: still think I am?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes...
text: He turns away.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Why do you turn away? Why don't you
dialog: look.
text: She twirls, looking at herself in the mirror, then
text: stops, stares at herself.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You want me to be your daughter
dialog: forever, don't you?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Well tell me, papa. What was it
dialog: like making love?
text: Louis is stunned. He blushes.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You don't remember? Or you never
dialog: knew.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It was something hurries...and
dialog: seldom savored... something acute
dialog: that was quickly lost. It was the
text: pale shadow of killing.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: But how will I ever know, Louis?
text: She stares at him through the mirror.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I'll never find them, will I? My
dialog: own kind...
scene_heading: EXT. BOULEVARD - EVENING
text: Louis and Claudia walk along a boulevard like father
text: and daughter. All around them are bourgeois Parisian
text: families on their evening stroll. Claudia points at the
dialog: children that pass.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Have I anything in common with her,
dialog: Louis?
text: She points to a beautiful French child walking by with
dialog: her mother.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Or her, or her - or any of them?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Claudia, you torture yourself.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: They are ducklings, that will grow
dialog: into swans. Whereas I must be the
text: duckling forever.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You are more beautiful than any of
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. DOLL-SHOP - NIGHT
text: We see Madeleine, inside, painting a doll's face. Louis
text: and Claudia arrive outside.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: All her dolls resemble me.
speaker_heading: POV
text: Claudia's face, with the dolls in the background. The
text: resemblance is uncanny.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Are they my kind Louis? Dolls never
dialog: change either.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You are neither, Claudia. Now stop
dialog: this -
text: Madeleine sees Claudia from inside. She waves.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You know her?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Yes. Should I take her, Louis?
dialog: Among her dolls? make a doll of her
dialog: in turn?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Come, Claudia...
text: He takes her arm. But Claudia shakes him off, and moves
text: into the shop.
scene_heading: EXT. LATIN QUARTER - NIGHT
text: Louis walks briskly, head bowed.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: For a time we had been almost
text: human, in the sensual whirl of what
dialog: Paris had to offer. But the human
dialog: delights of that city only served
dialog: to remind her of the ageless child
dialog: she had become. I felt her pain as
dialog: I walked until I become aware that
dialog: I was being followed.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - LOUIS' FEET
text: Walking. A step echoes his.
text: Louis stops. Turns, sees nothing. Then walks again. The
text: echoing steps begin again.
text: Louis again. Sees a shadow, flitting.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Claudia!
text: Nothing. He walks again, hears the same effect. Then he
text: stops. He stares at a gaslamp opposite.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: So it was when I had given up the
dialog: search for vampires that a vampire
dialog: found me...
text: Santiago, a tall vampire, materializes under the
text: gaslight. And Louis gradually realizes that this
dialog: vampire has assumed the same attitude, posture, clothes
dialog: and hair-style as Louis.
text: Louis gives an involuntary shake of the head. Santiago
text: mimics. Louis takes a step forwards. Santiago mimics.
text: Louis folds his arms. Santiago mimics.
scene_heading: LOUIS &amp; STATIAGO
dialog: (simultaneously)
dialog: Clever.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You mean me harm?
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: (a beat later)
dialog: You mean me harm?
text: Louis calculates.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Trickster. Buffoon!
text: Santiago echoes the first word, but not the second.
text: Louis has broken his composure. He turns his back on
text: Santiago, only to come face to face with Santiago right
text: in front of him.
text: Again Louis turns this back to find Santiago facing
dialog: him.
text: Louis turns, glowers, refusing to look at him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I've searched the world for an
dialog: immortal and this is what I find?
text: Slowly he looks up. Santiago draws close, breaking the
text: mirror trick and suddenly slams Louis back against the
dialog: wall.
text: Louis is furious. He regains his balance, strikes out
text: at Santiago and when Santiago vanishes, to reappear
text: behind him, Louis slams back his elbow into his
text: midriff. Santiago staggers, amazed and then rushes at
text: Louis, throwing him down.
text: Louis rolls back to his feet, then to his amazement
text: sees two vampires, on in front, on behind. He looks
text: both ways, then sees one has vanished. He stares,
dialog: awestruck, at this new one:
speaker_heading: ARMAND
text: He looks like an angel.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: You are all right.
text: He reaches into his waistcoat, takes an engraved
text: invitation out of his pocket and thrusts it at Louis.
text: Louis reads it aloud, as we see:
text: "THEATRE DES VAMPIRES
dialog: By Special Invitation
dialog: Friday, 9 p.m."
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Bring the petit beauty with you. No
dialog: one will harm you. I won't allow
dialog: it. Remember my name. Armand.
text: Armand bows and vanishes.
text: Louis listens to the silence.
scene_heading: EXT BOULEVARD DES CAPUCHINES - THEATRE DES VAMPIRES -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Louis formally dressed with Claudia in rich attire on
text: his arm. They pass people buying tickets for the
dialog: theatre and go inside.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Remember what I've told you.
dialog: They'll have different powers.
dialog: They'll read your thoughts if you
dialog: allow it.
dialog: They draw close to:
speaker_heading: HUGE POSTERS
dialog: Reading -
scene_heading: "THEATRE DES VAMPIRES PRESENTS
text: THE MASQUE OF THE RED DEATH
dialog: By Edgar Allen Poe"
text: The posters are illustrated with cliched images of
text: vampires overcoming damsels in distress.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: But this can't be real. This is
dialog: nonsense.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Nonsense all right. But something
dialog: tell me it's going to be the
dialog: strangest nonsense we've ever seen.
text: Warily, they show their invitations to the mortal
text: ticket taker at the door. He glances away
text: indifferently.
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE BOX - NIGHT
text: Claudia and Louis look at the crowd as the lights go
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Mortals, mortals everywhere. And
dialog: lots of drops to drink.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: They are here. I know they are.
dialog: Listen for something that doesn't
text: make a sound.
text: Stage: curtain rises.
text: An elaborate painted set of an Italianate castle. Death
text: standing before it, the traditional image of the Grim
text: Reaper, complete with magnificent scythe.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: It's a vampire. It's the one I saw
dialog: in Rue St Jacques.
text: A version of the Poe story unfolds before them. All of
text: the participants are vampires. All beautiful gleaming
dialog: white, aged 20 or 30.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: They use no paint. And the audience
dialog: think it is paint.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: How devilishly clever.
text: A spotlight uncovers a mortal woman suddenly forced out
text: upon the stage.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: She's no vampire.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: No. She's frightened. She doesn't
dialog: know where she is.
text: The audience laughs uneasily, then stops as the Mortal
text: Woman comes into the footlights. She is too beautiful,
text: too confused. Santiago, as Death, advances on her. She
text: backs away, terrified, then sees the other vampires, in
text: a phalanx, advancing from behind, in a half-circle.
speaker_heading: MORTAL WOMAN
dialog: I don't want to die!
text: She looks around in panic. Santiago swoons, arms over
text: his breast as if he is hopelessly in love.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: We are death!
text: The Mortal Woman steps to the footlights.
speaker_heading: MORTAL WOMAN
dialog: Someone help me. Please... What
dialog: have I done?
text: Louis whispers to Claudia.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: This is no performance.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: And no one knows but us...
scene_heading: ON THE STAGE
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: We all die. Death is the one thing
dialog: you share with all those here.
text: Santiago gestures to the audience.
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE
text: Rapt faces.
scene_heading: ON THE STAGE
speaker_heading: MORTAL WOMAN
dialog: But I'm young...
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: Death is no respecter of age. He
dialog: can come any time, any place. Need
dialog: I tell you what fate has in store
dialog: for you?
speaker_heading: MORTAL WOMAN
dialog: I would take my chance. Let me go!
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: And if you take that chance and
dialog: live, what is your fate? The
text: humpbacked toothless visage of old
dialog: age?
text: Santiago approaches her and tears the drawstring out of
text: her peasant blouse. It opens completely and starts to
text: slip. She tries to catch it, but gently stops her
text: wrists. The blouse falls, exposing her young breasts.
scene_heading: LOUIS AND CLAUDIA
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: This is monstrous!
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Yes, and very beautiful.
scene_heading: ON THE STAGE
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: Just as this flesh is pink now, it
text: will turn grey and wrinkle with
dialog: age.
speaker_heading: MORTAL WOMAN
dialog: Let me live, please. I don't care.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: Then why should you care if you die
dialog: now?
text: She shakes her head, confused. he catches her wrists
text: behind her back.
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE
text: Is awestruck by her beauty, her suffering.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
text: Draws near her cheek.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: And suppose death had a heart to
dialog: love and to release you? To whom
dialog: would he turn his passion? Would
dialog: you pick a person from the crowd
dialog: there? A person to suffer as you
dialog: suffer?
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE
text: A young girl cries out in jest.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GIRL
dialog: Oh, yes, take me Monsieur Vampire!
dialog: I adore you!
text: Audience roars with laughter.
scene_heading: ON THE STAGE
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: You wait your turn.
text: The audience laughs again.
text: The Mortal Woman shakes her head in panic.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: Well, have you a sister, a mother,
dialog: a daughter you would send in your
dialog: place?
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CLAUDIA
text: Even she is repelled by the cruelty. She shakes her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: MORTAL WOMAN
text: Shakes her head. She is helpless.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: We alone can give death meaning. Do
dialog: you know what it means to be loved
dialog: by death, to become our bride?
text: Mortal Woman looks up on the verge of hysteria or
text: fainting. But then her eyes mist over. She is being
text: entranced.
speaker_heading: FROM HER POV
text: We realize she is looking past Santiago at the divinely
text: beautiful Armand, who has just stepped out of the
text: wings. Armand has entranced her. He passes Santiago.
text: Santiago stiffens, but yields the stage.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: No pain.
speaker_heading: MORTAL WOMAN
dialog: No pain?
text: Armand takes her by the naked shoulders.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Your beauty is a gift to us.
scene_heading: ON THE STAGE
text: Armand gestures to the others who slowly, gracefully
text: close in.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Who deserves such a gift?
text: He pulls the drawstring from her skirt and it falls
text: revealing her nakedness. But she is spellbound.
speaker_heading: MORTAL WOMAN
dialog: No pain...
text: Armand embraces her, drinks, her naked body stark
text: against her black clothes, then he passes her to the
dialog: other vampires one by one.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON LOUIS
text: Who battles desire and hunger with anger.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I've seen enough of this! I loathe
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Be still!
scene_heading: ON THE STAGE
text: The naked Mortal Woman lies dead on the floor. The
text: vampires seem to vanish one by one. As the curtain
text: draws across, the Audience loudly applauds what they
dialog: presume are theatrical tricks.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The audience, milling towards the exits. They talk in
dialog: vacuous terms about the beauty of the show, the
text: symbolism of it, the daring of it as they leave.
text: Gradually Louis and Claudia are left alone in the empty
text: theatre. Louis seems anxious to leave. Claudia whispers
text: in his ear.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Patience, Louis. Patience.
text: He looks around the empty theatre, more eerie now than
text: when the play was on. The red curtain shifts slightly
text: in a hidden breeze, a candle sputters and dies in a
text: box. Then the candle flares again, and we see Armand in
text: the box, looking down on them. He stares with a dreamy
text: expression, saying nothing.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We've been searching for you for a
dialog: very long time...
text: His voice echoes eerily. Armand gestures for them to
dialog: follow him.
scene_heading: INT. FOOT OF STAIRWAY
text: Armand leading, Louis and Claudia following. It opens
dialog: into a -
scene_heading: HUGE UNDERGROUND BALLROOM
text: Walls are painted with famous copies of Durer,
text: Brueghel, Goya and Bosch depictions of death. Fine
text: wooden coffins line the walls. Candles burn in sconces,
text: casting alternate shadows and pools of light. Armand
text: walks through, gesturing Louis and Claudia to follow
dialog: him.
text: As they walk through, vampire man and women appear out
text: of the shadows like wraiths, startling them, drifting
text: around them, stroking them, touching Claudia as if she
text: were a doll. Shrieks of preternatural laughter.
text: Armand gestures to the vampires to back off.
text: All obey but ESTELLE.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: Such a darling.
text: She menaces Claudia, her breasts enormous, her fangs
text: bared. Armand throw her a look, and she is flung
text: against the wall.
text: Louis stares around. The vampires faces drift towards
text: him and away, always disclosing the face of Armand, who
text: seems some distance away, but strangely close, staring
text: at Louis with a constantly calm, hypnotic gaze. Then a
text: young mortal boy comes from the shadows with a
text: candelabra, which he hands to Armand.
text: Armand and the boy come towards them, leading them
text: along the walls, his candelabra illuminating the
text: ghastly murals, his face gleaming like an angel above
text: the candleflame.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: Monstrous.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Yes, and very beautiful.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Your lips, they didn't move.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: They did, but too fast for you to
dialog: see them. No magic, just grace and
dialog: speed.
text: The boy is watching Louis. Armand's hand beckons and
text: the boy draws up to Louis in the candlelight. He places
text: his arms on Louis' shoulders. Louis glances at Armand,
text: who smiles. Louis sees the puncture marks on the boy's
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: He wants you...
text: Louis is utterly confused. Can't resist. Drinks his
dialog: blood.
text: The boy's body presses against him, sensual, willing.
text: The other vampires appear all around Louis, who
text: suddenly senses it and draws away, ashamed.
text: Claudia watches warily, from a distance. Armand beckons
text: at her and Louis and open a door in the wall which
text: reveals a stone staircase.
scene_heading: INT. MEDIEVAL ROOM
text: Medieval chairs, table, an old coffin, a bed in one
text: corner, a blazing fire. A medieval painting of Satan,
text: being banished from heaven, above the fire. Armand
text: places the boy on the bed, settling him so he sleeps.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Disappointing, isn't it? To come so
dialog: far and find so little. Jaded
text: ingenues, amusing themselves with
dialog: make- believe...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We had feared we were the only
dialog: ones...
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: But how did you come into
dialog: existence?
text: He glances at Louis, then at Claudia, who averts her
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: You don't want to answer... Two
dialog: vampires from the new world, come
dialog: to guide us into the new era as all
text: we love slowly rots and fades away.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Are you the leader of this group?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: If there were a leader, I would be
dialog: the one.
text: Claudia stares at him constantly, guarded.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: So you have the answers...
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Ah! You have questions?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What are we?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Nothing if not vampires...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Who made us what we are?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Surely you know the one who made
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But the one who made him, who made
dialog: the one who made him, the source of
dialog: all this evil...
text: Louis looks at the picture. Armand watches him.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: That is a picture, nothing more.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You mean we are not children of
dialog: Satan?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: No.
text: He smiles at Louis. A smile of infinite compassion.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: I understand. I saw you in the
dialog: theatre, your suffering, your
dialog: sympathy for that girl. I saw you
dialog: with the boy. You die when you
dialog: kill, you feel you deserve to die
dialog: and you stint on nothing. But does
dialog: that make you evil? Or, since you
dialog: comprehend what you call goodness,
dialog: does it not make you good?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Then there is nothing.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Perhaps...
text: He passes his finger through the candle flame.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: And perhaps this is the only real
dialog: evil left...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Then God does not exist...
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: I have not spoken to him...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And no vampire here has discourse
dialog: with God or the Devil?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: None that I've ever known. I know
dialog: nothing of God or the Devil, I have
dialog: never seen a vision nor learnt a
dialog: secret that would damn or save my
dialog: soul. And as far as I know, after
dialog: four hundred years I am the oldest
text: living vampire in the world.
text: He stares at them, his face angelic, hypnotic, young.
text: His eyes hold them both in a trance.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: My God... So it's as I always
dialog: feared. Nothing, leading to
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: You fell too much. So much you make
dialog: me feel...
text: He stares from Claudia to Louis. He seems to be reading
dialog: their souls.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: The one who made you should have
dialog: told you this. The one who left the
dialog: old world for the new...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He knew nothing. He just didn't
dialog: care.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Knew? You mean he is...
text: Claudia appears suddenly to Louis' shoulder,
dialog: interrupting.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Come, beloved. It's time we were on
dialog: our way. I'm hungry and the city
dialog: waits.
text: She stares hard at Armand. Armand looks from her to
dialog: Louis.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: So soon to go?
text: He seems genuinely regretful. But Claudia pulls Louis
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. DARKENED CORRIDORS AND THEATRE - NIGHT
text: Louis and Claudia feel their way through darkened
text: corridors, trying to find their way out.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: The place was dark as we left, a
dialog: darkness that confounded even
dialog: Claudia. And as we blundered
dialog: through it, again came the thought:
dialog: I have wronged Lestat, I have hated
dialog: him for the wrong reasons.
text: Suddenly a light comes on. They see they are in the
text: empty theatre. Santiago stands on the stage, under a
dialog: candle.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: How did you wrong him?
text: Louis is stunned.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You read my thoughts?
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: You said a name -
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: A name I don't want to say again.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: I seemed to recognize it...
text: Other vampires appear behind him.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: There is but one crime among us
dialog: vampires here.
text: He looks at Claudia.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: You should know, who are so
dialog: secretive about the vampire who
dialog: made you.
text: Claudia laughs.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Boredom!
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: It is the crime that means death to
dialog: any vampire. To kill your own kind!
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Aaaah! I was so afraid it was to be
text: born like Venus out of the foam, as
dialog: we were! Come Louis, let's go!
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL SAINT GABRIEL - NIGHT
text: Claudia and Louis enter the Lobby.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I loathe them! I can't stand the
dialog: sight of them! Stupid bourgeois
text: Parisians, all dressed in black
dialog: like some private club! I've
dialog: searched for them the world over
dialog: and I despise them!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What danger?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I can feel it from them! They want
dialog: to know who made us, what became of
dialog: him. They have their rules, their
dialog: idiotic rules!
text: They come to their room, enter.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOMS - NIGHT
text: Louis closes the door behind him. Claudia paces.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Do you think I would let them harm
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: No, you would not, Louis. Danger
dialog: hold you to me.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Love holds you to me. And we are in
dialog: danger, not you.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Love?
text: She smiles at him. A strange, sad, adult smile.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You would leave me for Armand if he
dialog: beckoned you.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: He wants you as you want him. He's
dialog: been waiting for you. He wants you
text: for a companion. He bides his time
dialog: that place. he finds them as dull
dialog: and lifeless as we do.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: That's not so.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Do you know what his soul said to
dialog: me without saying a word? When he
dialog: put me in that trance...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: So you felt it too!
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Let him go, he said. Let him go.
text: She touches his face.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Is that what I should do Louis? Let
dialog: you go? My father? My lover? My
dialog: Louis, who made me?
text: There are tears in her eyes. Louis lifts her up in his
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He can protect us, Claudia.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You really believe that?
scene_heading: EXT. DOLL-SHIP - NIGHT
text: Claudia, staring at the dolls. We see Madeleine inside,
text: painting a doll. She sees Claudia and smiles and waves.
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE - NIGHT
text: Louis, sitting alone in the box, as the curtains draw
text: back, to show Santiago as death, as before. Louis takes
text: advantage of the darkness to slip away.
scene_heading: INT. ARMAND'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Armand opens the door to Louis' knock.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: I was waiting for you...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Listen to me.
text: He follows Armand into the room.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Claudia is dear to me. My...
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Your lover.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: No, my beloved, my child.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: If you say so. You are innocent.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'm not innocent. But I'm afraid.
text: She feels she's in danger from the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: She is.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But why?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: I could give you reasons. Her
dialog: silence. Her youth. It's forbidden
dialog: to make so young, so helpless, that
dialog: cannot survive on its own.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Then blame the one who made her...
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Did you kill this vampire who made
dialog: you both? Is that why you won't say
dialog: his name? Santiago thinks you did.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We want no quarrel with him.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: It's already begun. If you want to
dialog: save her, send her away.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Then I leave too.
text: Armand smiles.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: So soon? Without any of those
dialog: answers you so longed for?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You said there were none.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: But you asked the wrong questions.
dialog: Do you know how few vampires have
dialog: the stamina for immortality? How
dialog: quickly they perish of their own
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: We can do that?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: You would never give up life. If
dialog: the world were reduced to one empty
dialog: cell, on fragile candle, you stay
dialog: alive and study it. You see too
dialog: clearly. You see too much.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: That's what the one who made me
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: How he must have loved you.
text: Armand suddenly grips Louis close to him.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Louis, I need you more than he ever
dialog: did. I need a link with this
dialog: century. The world changes. We do
dialog: not. Therein lies the irony that
dialog: ultimately kills us. I need you to
dialog: make contact with this age.
text: Louis laughs bitterly.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: He? Don't you see? I'm not the
dialog: spirit of any age! I'm at odds with
dialog: everything and always have been!
dialog: I'm not even sure what I am!
text: Armand smiles.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: But Louis, that is the very spirit
dialog: of your age. The heart of it. You
dialog: fall from grace has been the fall
dialog: of a century.
text: Louis is stunned.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And the vampires of the Theatre?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
text: Like moths around the candle of the
dialog: age. Decadent, useless. They can't
dialog: reflect anything. But you do. You
text: reflect its broken heart.
text: Louis is speechless.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Are these not the answers you came
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Yes... My God...
speaker_heading: ARMAND
text: A vampire with a human soul. An
text: immortal with a mortal's passion.
dialog: You are beautiful, my friend.
dialog: Lestat must have wept when he made
dialog: you -
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Lestat! You knew Lestat!
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Yes I knew him. Knew him well
text: enough not to mourn his passing.
text: Armand stands. He takes Louis by the arm, leads him
text: towards the back wall.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: But you must go now. You must get
text: her safely out of Paris.
text: He opens a hidden door in the wall.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: No-one else knows of this door.
dialog: When you knock you will find me
dialog: waiting...
scene_heading: EXT. THEATRE DES VAMPIRES - NIGHT
text: Louis, in the street outside, as the door closes behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: I felt a kind of peace at last. I
dialog: had found the teacher which Lestat
dialog: could never, I knew now, have been.
dialog: I knew knowledge would never be
dialog: withheld by Armand. It would pass
text: through him as through a pane of
dialog: glass. And I knew Claudia must
dialog: leave me...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT
text: Louis enters. There is unfamiliar scent in the air, a
text: doll sitting by the mirror. Louis looks in the mirror
dialog: and sees...
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
text: The doll-maker, resplendent in green taffeta, sitting
text: like a Madonna with Claudia on her lap. Claudia's arms
text: are wound round her neck. The contrast between mortal
text: woman and immortal child is plain.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Madeleine... Louis is shy.
text: Madeleine rises and comes towards Louis. She draws back
text: the lace fringes round her throat, so he can see the
text: two marks there. She says softly, dreamily.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Drink.
text: Louis turns away. Claudia speaks, icy, from the bed.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Do it Louis. Because I cannot do
dialog: it. I haven't the strength. You saw
dialog: to that when you made me.
text: Louis turns to Madeleine.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You haven't the vaguest conception
dialog: under God of what you ask!
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Au contraire, monsieur, I have.
text: Louis pushes her away. Claudia screams.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You have found your new companion,
dialog: Louis! You will make me mine!
text: Louis grips Madeleine and shakes her.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: How do we seem to you? Do you think
dialog: us beautiful, magical, our white
dialog: skin, our fierce eyes? Drink, you
dialog: ask me! Have you any idea of the
dialog: thing you will become?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Your evil is that you cannot be
dialog: evil! And I will suffer for it no
dialog: longer!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Don't make me, Claudia! I cannot do
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Yet you could do it to me!
text: Snatching me from my mother's hands
dialog: like two monsters in a fairy-tale!
dialog: Couldn't you have waited? Six more
dialog: years and I would have had that
dialog: shape! And now you weep! You
dialog: haven't tears enough for what
dialog: you've done to me.
dialog: She points to Madeleine
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You give her to me! Do this before
dialog: you leave me!
text: She begins to weep, sobbing like a child.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Oh God! I love you still, that's
dialog: the torment of it. But you know I
dialog: must leave you Louis...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: And who will care for me my love,
dialog: my dark angel, when you are gone?
text: Louis looks at Madeleine
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You promise to care for her then?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And you know what you ask for?
text: She wraps her arms around Claudia.
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What do you think she is,
dialog: Madeleine? A doll?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: A child who can't die...
text: Her finger clutches a locket around her neck, Louis
text: touches it, opens it.
speaker_heading: THE LOCKET
text: A picture of a young girl, Claudia's age, wistful,
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: And the child who did die?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: My daughter...
text: Louis takes her chin in his hand, gently.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Look at the gaslight. Don't take
dialog: your eyes off it. You will be
text: drained to the point of death, but
dialog: you must stay alive. Do you hear
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: MADELEINE
dialog: Yes!
text: Louis pulls her to him and starts to drink her blood.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL BALCONY - LATER
text: Louis on the balcony, weakened terribly. A breeze blows
text: on the gauze curtains behind him, through which we
dialog: see...
text: SILHOUETTES of Madeleine and Claudia. Madeleine her
text: arms outstretched, now a vampire, a long moan of pain
text: coming from her. Claudia comes through the curtains,
dialog: alarmed.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Louis!
text: Louis speaks without turning.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: She is dying. It happened to you
dialog: too, but your child's mind can't
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: But if she dies...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It's only mortal death.
text: He turns to look at Claudia.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Bear me no ill will, my love. We
dialog: are now even.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What died tonight inside that room
dialog: was not that woman. It will take
dialog: her many nights to die, perhaps
dialog: years. What has died in that room
dialog: tonight is the last vestige in me
dialog: of what was human.
text: She takes his hand.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Yes father. At last. We are een.
text: He bends down and kisses her. He looks up, at the
text: wafting curtains. He sees -
scene_heading: MANY VAMPIRE SHADOWS
text: Silhouetted, coming closer.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
text: Looks up and screams.
speaker_heading: THE CURTAINS
text: Are ripped aside. The vampires of the Theatre surge
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: Time for justice, little one.
text: The vampires close on them as Louis struggles,
text: Claudia's scream pierces the night air.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OF THEATRE DES VAMPIRES - NIGHT
text: In a press of vampires, Louis, Claudia and Madeleine
text: are forced down the dark corridor. Into -
speaker_heading: THE BALLROOM
text: Vampire chaos, as they are dragged through. Louis
text: struggling like a demon.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Armand! Get me Armand! he wouldn't
dialog: countenance this -
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: You can make no demands here!
dialog: Buffoon! Bastard -
text: Santiago strikes Louis to the ground. As he struggles
text: to his feet, he sees the vampires part around a figure
text: coming through. He gasps at the sight of -
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: Dressed beautifully, but horribly scarred now, from the
text: fire as well as the earlier stabbing. Lestat is
text: confused, ancient, teetering, reaching for Santiago's
text: shoulder to steady himself.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Louis...
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: Is he the one?
text: Lestat shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: No, the child. The child was the
dialog: one...
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: All the murderers!!!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You are alive, Lestat! It can't be
dialog: murder! Tell them how you treated
dialog: us...
text: Lestat reaches out to Louis.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: No... You come back to me Louis...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Are you mad???
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: The sentence is death! To all of
dialog: them!!!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Only the girl - it was the girl -
text: The sound of something being dragged through the crowd.
text: Horrible echoing, scraping -
text: Lestat grips Santiago.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You promised me - I could take him
dialog: back to New Orleans - Louis -
dialog: there's something I must tell you -
dialog: about that night - that night I met
dialog: you -
text: He stares around him, confused. The scraping gets
dialog: louder.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You let her go, Lestat - you let
dialog: her free - and I'll come back with
dialog: you -
text: Santiago grabs Louis by the neck.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: Death for the others. For you
dialog: eternity in a box -
text: We see now what caused the scraping. A huge metal
text: coffin being dragged through the vampires. Claudia
text: screams.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: Walled in a dungeon. Your only
dialog: company will be your screams...
dialog: Perhaps it will take centuries...
text: The vampires grab Louis. They force him towards the
text: coffin. Lestat struggles with them.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: He's coming home with me - you
dialog: promised -
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: We promised nothing!
text: Louis struggles fiercely as he is forced into the
text: coffin. Claudia weeps.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: They've fooled you, Lestat! You
dialog: must reach Armand! Armand has the
dialog: power!
text: Louis, struggling in the coffin. Then the lid is forced
text: down, huge locks closed over it.
scene_heading: INT. COFFIN
text: Louis, in the smallest imaginable space. Beating his
text: forehead against the metal.
scene_heading: EXT. COFFIN
text: Claudia, throwing herself on the coffin, crying. She is
text: dragged away. Vampire hands drag the coffin across the
dialog: stone floor.
scene_heading: INT. COFFIN
text: Louis, forehead pouring with blood, being thrown this
text: way and that. The coffin is lifted, upside down, Louis'
text: head crashes off the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. COFFIN
text: Is thrust into a niche in the wall. Bricks being placed
text: over, mortar trowelled on.
scene_heading: INT. COFFIN
text: Louis upside down. Sounds of bricks and mortar. Then
text: terrifying, unearthly scream pierces the coffin,
text: striking to his very soul.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Claudia!!!
text: He loses consciousness.
speaker_heading: BLACKNESS
scene_heading: INT. COFFIN
text: Louis sleeps, upside down. Sound of bricks being
text: broken, thrown aside. Then of locks breaking.
text: Louis opens his eyes. The lid opens. He sees -
speaker_heading: ARMAND
text: Above him, reaching down to take
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Hurry. Don't make a sound.
text: Louis gets out, into a vast long catacomb. Louis runs
text: to the end of it, steps through a broken brick wall.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Where is she? Where's Claudia?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Follow me - that way - through my
dialog: cell -
text: He points to his cell at the end of the passage, the
text: foot of the steps. Sound of rain beyond the door.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Not without Claudia. Where is she?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: I can't save her.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You can't believe I'd leave without
dialog: her. Armand! You must save her! You
dialog: have no choice.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Louis, I can't save her. I will
dialog: only risk losing you -
text: Louis runs up the stone stairs. It leads to the
text: ballroom. He enters.
text: Estelle stands far off, looking at him coolly. She
text: lifts the stage skull mask and laughs softly behind it.
text: A male vampire slumps in a chair staring softly at
dialog: Louis.
text: Silence. Indifference.
text: Louis sees Lestat sitting in a far corner. he rushes up
text: to Lestat, who looks up at him, confused. He's holding
text: something crumpled, made of cloth.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You'll come home with me Louis? For
dialog: a little while... until I am myself
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: CLAUDIA!!!
text: Louis turns round and round in rage. Passive still
text: faces. A door bangs open and shut.
text: Louis looks again at Lestat. He snatches the cloth from
text: Lestat's hand. We see it is a small torn bloodstained
text: dress. Claudia's dress.
text: The door bangs again. Estelle laughs. Rain gusts into
dialog: the ballroom.
text: Louis goes to the door, holding the dress. Armand
text: approaches, trying to pull him away, but Louis shrugs
text: him off. He draws nearer and nearer and stairs at -
scene_heading: INT. BRICK AIRWELL
text: On the stones lie Claudia and Madeleine, burn to ashes,
text: in each other's arms, like the corpses of his wife and
text: daughter in the New Orleans graveyard, embracing each
dialog: other.
text: Only Claudia's blond hair and Madeleine's red hair
text: remain unburnt.
text: Louis looks up at the walls of this airwell, many
text: stories to the sky. He cries out in agony.
text: Santiago appears behind him, staring. Louis roars in
text: horror and attacks Santiago, scattering the ashes into
text: the rainy wind. Claudia's golden locks fly up into the
text: wind, they whirl around the warring figure.
text: Armand appears, drags Louis free, pulls him screaming
text: from the airwell, into the ballroom, towards the exit.
text: Claudia's hair is sucked up by the wind through the
text: airwell, towards the night sky.
scene_heading: EXT. NOTRE DAME DOOR - NIGHT
text: Louis is slumped against the stone wall. Armand stands
text: beside him like a guardian angel.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: I couldn't prevent it.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I don't believe you. I do not have
dialog: to read your soul to know that you
dialog: lie.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Louis, they cannot be brought back.
dialog: There are some things that are
dialog: impossible, even for me.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You let them do it.
text: Louis climbs to his feet.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You held sway over them. They
dialog: feared you. You wanted it to
dialog: happen.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Louis, I swear I did not.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I understand you only too well. You
dialog: let them do it, as I let Lestat
dialog: turn a child into a demon. As I let
dialog: her rip Lestat's heart to pieces!
dialog: Well I am no longer that passive
dialog: fool that has spun evil from evil
dialog: till the web traps the one who made
dialog: it. Your melancholy spirit of this
dialog: century! I know what I must do. And
dialog: I warn you - you saved me tonight,
dialog: so I return the favor - do not go
dialog: near your cell in the Theatre Des
dialog: Vampires again.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATRE DES VAMPIRES - DAWN
text: Wet and deserted, the streets around the theatre are
dialog: quiet.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - CLOCK
dialog: Chiming five a.m.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON LOUIS
text: Looking at the paling sky. He is in an alleyway,
text: outside of Armand's cell. He has a huge keg with him.
text: he finds the door unlocked. He enters.
scene_heading: INT. CELL
text: Empty. The hearth is cold. The old coffin is gone.
text: Louis silently closes the door to the passage and
text: blocks it with an immense bar. He goes in the other
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE
text: Louis hurls kerosene all over the stage, the curtain,
text: the sets, the seats below. He grabs the scythe from the
text: playlet. He walks out. Dribbling a trail of kerosene
text: behind him.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS
text: Louis walking rapidly down, leaving the trail of
text: kerosene. He creeps quietly into the -
speaker_heading: BALLROOM
text: Leaking kerosene from the cask. He splashes over the
text: coffins that gleam in the dimness.
text: Then he strikes a match and heaves it into the
text: kerosene. Everything bursts into flame. The trail of
text: kerosene roars into fire through the ballroom over the
text: coffins and up the stairs. We hear EXPLOSIONS of fire
dialog: from above.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: Shudders all over, fighting the morning weakness. He
text: readies the scythe, like the grim reaper.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
text: Rises from her burning coffin, screams and tries to run
text: through the fire but Louis slashes her down with the
text: scythe and she goes down screaming, her dress in
text: flames.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: Stop him. It's morning. The
dialog: sunlight. Stop him.
text: Others rise, choking in the smoke. Screams from
text: everywhere. They are burning.
text: Louis backs up the stairs to the -
speaker_heading: DUNGEON
text: He can see there a thin pale light under Armand's
text: bolted door. Suddenly -
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
text: Comes at him from behind. Louis turns. Santiago rushes
text: him in a blur. Louis swings the scythe, too fast to see
text: what he himself is doing. Santiago's head streaming
text: blood flies through the air.
text: The body drops, flapping its arms.
text: SCREAMS come from everywhere.
text: Another vampire rushes burning towards Louis. He
text: decapitates him in turn. Then he staggers into Armand's
text: cell, and bars the door the connects it to the ballroom
text: behind him. He staggers to the outer door. There is a
text: thin strip of daylight, beneath the door, blinding him.
text: He throws it open, and staggers into the daylight.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATRE DES VAMPIRES - DAWN
text: Louis staggers out of the burning theatre, into the
text: thin daylight. Great gusts of smoke cover the street.
text: He staggers through the daylight, weakening, about to
text: fall, when through the clouds of smoke comes -
scene_heading: A MAGNIFICENT HEARSE
text: As in a dream, driven by Armand's human boy. The door
text: of the hearse opens. Through the curtains enclosing the
text: interior, we see Armand. He reaches a hand out to Louis
text: and pulls him inside.
text: The hearse vanishes through the smoke, leaving the
text: spectacle of the burning theatre.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATRE DES VAMPIRES - TWILIGHT
text: The gutted Theatre and ballroom, the roof collapsed,
text: exposed to the evening sky. The life of Paris goes on
text: around it, oblivious.
scene_heading: INT. LOUVRE - NIGHTS LATER
text: It is already a museum by this time and Louis and
text: Armand, fancily dressed and composed, walk through it.
text: They stop by a Gericault - The Wreck of the Medusa.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You didn't even warm them, did you?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And yet you knew what I would do.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: I knew. I rescued you, didn't I?
text: From the terrible dawn.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You were their leader. They trusted
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: You made me see their failings,
dialog: Louis. You made me look at them
dialog: with your eyes.
text: He looks at Louis affectionately.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Your melancholy eyes...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: What a pair we are. We deserve each
dialog: other, don't we?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: We are a pair, and that's what
dialog: counts.
text: Armand and Louis walk slowly through the Louvre
text: together. Camera follows them for a while, then comes
text: to rest on a sunrise by Turner.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: We left Paris shortly after. For
dialog: years we wandered. Greece, Egypt,
dialog: all the ancient lands. Then, out of
dialog: curiosity, perhaps, boredom, who
dialog: knows what, I took him home, to my
dialog: America...
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATRE - NIGHT
text: A deco cinema of the twenties. Louis and Armand,
text: dressed in the style of the period walk down the aisle
text: through the crowded seats.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: And there, a technological wonder
dialog: allowed me see sunrise, for the
dialog: first time in two hundred years...
text: On the screen, Murnau's "Sunrise", in black and white.
text: We see a montage of sunrises, from a whole range of
text: movies, in black and white.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: And what sunrises! Seen as the
dialog: human eye could never see them. We
dialog: would sit in the dark, night after
dialog: night among nameless humans,
text: entranced with the miracle of
text: light. Silver at first, then as the
dialog: years progressed in tones of
dialog: purple, red and my long-lost
dialog: blue...
text: The SUNRISES continue, in color now, and the
text: backgrounds in them change to the fifties.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: And in time parted. We had become
dialog: so alike, we both wanted the
dialog: certainties of loneliness once
dialog: more.
text: The lights come up in a different theatre. Louis
text: sitting there, alone, in a half empty theatre, dressed
text: in the clothes of the fifties. He rises, exits with the
dialog: others.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW ORLEANS STREET - NIGHT
text: Cars rushing by, twentieth-century madness. Louis
text: emerges from the theatre, walks through the streets.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: I had returned to new Orleans. As
dialog: soon as I smelt the air, I knew I
dialog: was home. There was sadness there,
dialog: rich, almost sweet, like the
text: fragrance of jasmine. I walked the
text: streets, savoring it like a long
dialog: lost perfume...
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: Louis walks past the many Greek Revival Mansions.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: And then on Prytania Street, only
dialog: blocks from the Lafayette cemetery
dialog: I caught the scent of death and it
dialog: wasn't coming from the graves...
text: CAMERA PANS OVER white-walled Lafayette cemetery and
text: its surrounding mansions.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: The scent grew stronger as I
text: walked. Old death. A scent too
dialog: faint for mortals to detect.
text: Louis sees rats darting across the street. They rush
text: into a great overgrown garden surrounding a ruined
text: mansion. No lights.
text: Louis stops at a rusted gate. He forces it open and
dialog: enters -
scene_heading: A VERITABLE JUNGLE
text: Of overgrown rose and oak tree and wisteria. he sees a
text: faint glimmer of light coming from a distant glass
text: window of a huge Greek Revival house. He approaches
dialog: then he sees -
scene_heading: OLD SHRIVELLED CORPSE
text: Of a man, long dead and dried up, snagged in the thorny
text: rosevines.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: Looks around. Walks on. Sees another corpse, almost
text: nothing but bones, sinking into the wet earth, the
text: roots of an oak overgrowing it.
text: He looks up at the distant light.
text: He passes a third corpse, caught in wisteria and rose
text: vine, only bones and clothes.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: They were like the doomed princess
text: caught in the thorny vines of
dialog: Sleeping Beauty's castle. I knew
dialog: what it meant. A vampire had lured
dialog: them here, but had been to weak to
dialog: get rid of them.
text: Louis sees dead rats lying near the steps.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: It spelt weakness, madness, the
text: behavior of a dying animal that
text: pollutes its own lair.
text: Louis treads carefully on the rotted steps. he moves
text: along the porch. More dead rats. He sees through the
text: floor-length window into rooms lined with stacked
text: books. Virtually walled with them. Water seeps down
text: from the ceiling, gleaming as it streaks over the
text: books. The floors of the splendid rooms are bare,
text: except for a rotten French chair by a dead fireplace. A
text: single mirror reflecting the moon.
dialog: Dead rats.
text: He moves along the porch to the parlor windows. The
text: candle flickers inside. He sees -
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: Lestat lying on the floor. He is gaunt to near
text: starvation. All his scars are gone, but he is almost a
text: skeleton and his eyes are enormous in their sockets.
text: His clothes are rags. Blond hair beautiful, as always.
scene_heading: MALLOY'S ENTRANCES FACE SUPERIMPOSED OVER
speaker_heading: MALLOY (V.O.)
dialog: Lestat escaped the fire!
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: He hadn't even been there. And all
dialog: those years I thought he was dead.
text: BACK TO LESTAT
text: One tiny candle stands beside him. He reads an early
text: comic, from the turn of the century. Without turning
text: his head, he speaks.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I'm so glad you're here Louis...
dialog: I've dreamed of your coming...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Don't try to speak... it's
dialog: alright...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I didn't mean to let them do it...
dialog: that Santiago, he tricked me...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: That's all past, Lestat.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes. Past... she should never have
dialog: been one of us...
text: He turns and looks at Louis. Old, fearful, broken.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Still beautiful Louis. You always
dialog: were the strong one.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Don't fear me, Lestat. I bring you
dialog: no harm.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You've come back to me, Louis?
dialog: You've come again to me?
text: Louis shakes his head. A series of police sirens go by,
text: piercing the night sky. A helicopter goes overhead. Red
text: flashes illuminate his face. Lestat shivers, covers his
text: ears. He's terrified. Louis touches him, calming him,
text: until the lights pass over.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It's only a siren...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I can't bear it Louis! The machines
dialog: out there, that fly and that roar!
dialog: And such lights! They make the
dialog: night brighter than the day!
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And they frighten you?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You know I love the dark. But
text: there's no dark anymore.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It's false light, Lestat. It can't
dialog: harm you...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: If you stayed with me Louis, I
dialog: could venture out... little by
dialog: little... become the old Lestat.
text: Louis shivers. He releases him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I have to go now Lestat...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You remember how I was, Louis.. the
dialog: vampire Lestat...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Yes. I remember...
text: Lestat shivers.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I tried to tell you Louis... that
dialog: night in Paris... when I first came
dialog: to you... no-one can refuse the
dialog: dark gift, Louis... not even you.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I tried...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: And the more you tried, the more I
dialog: wanted you... a vampire with your
text: beautiful, suffering human heart.
dialog: And how you suffered... I need your
dialog: forgiveness, Louis.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You have it...
text: Louis walks slowly away from him. Lestat turns back to
text: his candle, his magazine.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You'll come back, Louis... take me
dialog: out... little by little... and
dialog: maybe I'll be myself again...
text: A bluebottle buzzes by him. His hand shoots out and
text: grabs it, squeezes the blood.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Yes, Lestat...
speaker_heading: ON LOUIS
text: As he walks through the decayed house. His eyes are
text: expressionless.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: And my story ends there. But in
dialog: fact it ended a long time ago, with
dialog: Claudia's ashes in that theatre. My
dialog: love died with her. I never really
dialog: changed after that. What became of
dialog: Lestat I have no idea. I go on,
dialog: night after night. I feed on those
dialog: who cross my path. But all my
text: passion went with her yellow hair.
dialog: I ma a spirit with preternatural
text: flesh. Detached. unchangeable.
dialog: Empty.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM. SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT (PRESENT)
text: Malloy, staring at Louis.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: No... it can't end like that...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But it has. There is no more to
dialog: tell.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: But you talk about passion, about
dialog: longing, about things I'll never
dialog: know in my life! It's still inside
dialog: you, in every syllable you speak!
dialog: And then you tell me it ends like
dialog: that? Just empty?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It's over, I'm telling you...
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You need a new passion, Louis, a
dialog: new reason to feel... what a story
dialog: you've told, you don't understand
dialog: yourself.
text: Louis looks at the cassettes on the table.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Do what you want with it. Learn
dialog: what you can. Give the story to
dialog: others.
text: Malloy rises.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You have another chance, Louis.
dialog: Take me! Give me your gift, your
dialog: power...
text: Louis is slowly horrified, then outraged and angry.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Is this what you want? You ask me
dialog: for this after all I've told you?
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: If I could see what you've seen,
dialog: feel what you've felt I wouldn't
dialog: let it end like this! You need a
dialog: like to the world out there, a
dialog: connection... then it won't end
dialog: like this...
text: He stares at Louis.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: You need me.
text: Louis turns away.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Dear God. I've failed again,
dialog: haven't I?
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Don't say anymore. The reels are
dialog: still turning. I have but one
dialog: chance to show you the meaning of
dialog: what I've said.
text: He looks at the boy. Then suddenly grabs him, lifts him
text: off the floor, bares his terrifying fangs and brings
text: them to his throat. Malloy screams, in involuntary
dialog: terror.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: You like it? You like being food
dialog: for the immortals? You like dying?
dialog: Is it beautiful? Is it intense?
text: Malloy, now terrified, whispers
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: No... please...
text: Louis drops him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Thank God.
text: Malloy, falls on the floor, terrified. When he looks
text: up, Louis has vanished.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: Louis... Louis...
text: He looks up at the tape. It is still turning.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: Holy shit...
text: He shakes his head. He gets up, and with shaking
text: fingers gathers his tapes. He runs out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE - NIGHT
text: Malloy running for his car, a convertible. He leaps in
text: and screeches off through the night.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: Malloy whips the car through the tiny streets, in
text: sheer, unfocused terror.
speaker_heading: MALLOY
dialog: Jesus...
scene_heading: EXT. GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Malloy driving with streams of traffic over the bridge.
text: He breathes deeply, to calm himself. He takes a tape
text: from his pocket, and with still shaking hands, sticks
text: it in the deck.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: (tape)
dialog: 1791. That's when it happened. I
dialog: was twenty-four. Younger then you
dialog: are now.
text: Suddenly a bony hand shoots out from the back seat,
text: pulls his neck backwards -
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: Sinks his teeth in his neck.
scene_heading: MALLOY'S HANDS
text: On the wheel, shaking, shuddering, losing their grip.
speaker_heading: MALLOY'S EYES
text: Bulging, as the life drains out of him. Lestat sucking
text: him like a rat.
speaker_heading: THE WHEEL
text: Swinging free of Malloy's dying hands.
speaker_heading: THE CAR
text: Veers wildly into oncoming traffic.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: Drinks regardless.
speaker_heading: A TRUCK
text: Coming towards them, about to crush the car.
scene_heading: LESTAT'S BONY HAND
text: Grabs the wheel, jerks it as he drinks.
speaker_heading: THE CAR
text: Misses the truck by inches.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: Throws Malloy to one side, climbs into the front seat.
text: The tape is playing.
speaker_heading: LOUIS (V.O.)
dialog: (tape)
dialog: My invitation was open to anyone.
dialog: Sailors, whores, thieves. But it
dialog: was a vampire that accepted...
speaker_heading: ON LESTAT
text: At the wheel, the corpse of Malloy in the passenger
text: seat. He smiles. We can see the blood renewing him.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Dear Louis... will I ever forget?
scene_heading: EXT. GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Lestat drives on, the car a tiny speck against the
text: bridge, the sea, the sky beyond, with the first fingers
text: of light spreading through it.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
