dialog: 
scene_heading: INTO THE WILD
dialog: Written by
dialog: Sean Penn
dialog: Based on the book by
dialog: Jon Krakauer
scene_heading: 1 EXT. THE STAMPEDE TRAIL - DAY 1
speaker_heading: SUPER:
dialog: Tuesday, April 28th 1992
text: WIDE-SHOT: A vast, snow-blanketed wilderness that sits
text: beneath the icy summits of the highest mountain range in
dialog: North America. This is BIG Alaska.
text: A beat up 4x4 pick-up enters very small into the upper
text: left corner of frame on an unkept, snow-packed road, and
text: comes to a stop. A figure exits the passenger side and
text: moves around the front of the truck. We can just make
text: out the rifle sticking out of his backpack. We HEAR a
text: very distant "Thank You" as the figure walks away from
text: the road and away from the truck, seemingly into nowhere.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hey!
text: The figure with backpack and rifle, henceforth BACKPACK,
text: stopping in his tracks, turns around in the direction of
dialog: the truck.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here.
text: BACKPACK walks back to the truck. As he approaches the
dialog: driver's door, we
text: CUT IN TO: TIGHT SHOT over the back-packed shoulder onto
text: the DRIVER.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: (referring to items we see
dialog: sitting on dashboard)
dialog: You left your watch, your comb, your
dialog: change...
text: We STAY on the DRIVER as BACKPACK speaks:
speaker_heading: BACKPACK
dialog: Keep it.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I don't want your money. And I already
dialog: have a watch.
speaker_heading: BACKPACK
dialog: If you don't take it, I'm gonna throw it
dialog: away. I don't want to know what time it
dialog: is, what day it is, or where I am.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: BACKPACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't want to see anybody. None of
dialog: that matters.
text: The driver reaches behind the seat of the truck, pulls
text: out an old pair of rubber work boots.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (handing him the boots)
dialog: Take em.
text: There is a pause as Backpack considers accepting the
dialog: boots.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: If you make it out alive, give me a call,
dialog: and I'll tell you how to get the boots
dialog: back to me.
text: We can feel over Backpack's shoulder that he has taken
dialog: the boots and is putting them on but we STAY on the
dialog: driver.
speaker_heading: BACKPACK
dialog: Hey, do me a favor, will ya? Take a
dialog: picture of me.
text: Backpack hands him an Instamatic camera and starts
text: walking backwards. We PULL BACK with him. And he
text: maintains his back to us. When he stops, we CONTINUE
text: until he is FULL-FRAME, head-to-toe from behind, posing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: CU: driver
text: CLICK. He snaps the shot.
text: Backpack re-enters frame in an OVER-SHOULDER. Driver
text: hands him the camera.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You gonna be alright?
speaker_heading: BACKPACK
dialog: I'll be better than that.
dialog: (I'll be who I am.)
text: As Backpack exits the frame, we SLOWLY ZOOM past the
text: concerned face of the driver onto the loose change, the
text: comb, and the watch on the dash.
dialog: 3.
text: Throughout the ZOOM, the SOUND of FOOTSTEPS CRUNCHING THE
text: SNOW, FADE into the distance.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: ORIGINAL WIDE-SHOT:
text: We see the small form of the truck and the smaller form
text: of the Backpacker walking away from the truck until the
text: Backpacker has exited the frame. The truck takes a BEAT,
text: turns around in the snow, and accelerates back into the
text: direction from which it came. As the truck exits frame,
dialog: we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 2 EXT. COMMENCEMENT GROUNDS, EMORY UNIVERSITY, ATLANTA - 2
speaker_heading: DAY
speaker_heading: SUPER:
dialog: May 1990
text: The crowd of family and friends, and of course, students.
text: Assembled on fold-out chairs. The broad lawn.
text: INTERCUT: CHRIS MCCANDLESS. We don't see his face, just
text: feet pounding the pavement at an increasing pace.
text: One by one the names of graduates announced. Their
text: bright young faces, capped heads, and gowns, glide up to
text: the podium to accept their diplomas.
text: INTERCUT: Chris, on his run, sweatshirt hood over head.
dialog: Amongst assembled crowd and family we find: THE
text: MCCANDLESS': BILLIE, mid to late forties with dark
text: striking eyes; WALT, a taciturn man, early fifties; and
text: CARINE, eighteen, pretty with her mother's eyes and waist
text: length brown hair, a gold crucifix dangles from her neck.
text: They look around, looking for Chris, he's nowhere in
dialog: sight.
text: INTERCUT: Chris, in a shower (PHOTO-SONICS) He TURNS INTO
text: CAMERA, the water streaming down his face.
text: From the announcement podium comes the name of their son
text: and brother, CHRISTOPHER JOHNSON MCCANDLESS. The
text: McCandless family increasingly panicked over Chris'
text: absence, when almost magically, he appears in full cap
dialog: and gown.
dialog: 4.
text: Disregarding the steps that lead up to the podium
text: platform, the small-framed but athletic CHRIS MCCANDLESS
text: leaps jubilantly onto the stage in a single bound,
text: frightening Billie, a little wince from Walt, and Carine
text: "That's our Chris." And just as quickly as Chris has
text: been handed his diploma, he civilly descends the platform
dialog: steps.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: SLO-MO: A ballet of graduation caps float upward into a
text: frame of blue sky. We HEAR Chris' voice OVER this image
text: as we intermittently cut away from the caps against the
text: sky to focus on his parents.
text: (HIGH ANGLE: floating caps in FOREGROUND, Walt and Billie
text: delight upon the caps.) An outer glee in sharp contrast
dialog: to voice over:
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
text: I see them standing at the formal gates
dialog: of their colleges,
text: I see my father strolling out
text: under the ochre sandstone arch, the
text: red tiles glinting like bent
text: plates of blood behind his head,
text: I see my mother with a few light books at
dialog: her hip
text: standing at the pillar made of tiny
dialog: bricks with the
text: wrought-iron gate still open behind her,
dialog: its
text: sword-tips black in the May air,
text: they are about to graduate, they are
dialog: about to get married,
dialog: they are kids, they are dumb, all they
dialog: know is they are
dialog: innocent, they would never hurt anybody.
dialog: I want to go up to them and say Stop,
dialog: don't do it--she's the wrong woman,
dialog: he's the wrong man, you are going to do
dialog: things
dialog: you cannot imagine you would ever do,
dialog: you are going to do bad things to
dialog: children,
dialog: you are going to suffer in ways you never
dialog: heard of,
dialog: you are going to want to die. I want to
dialog: go
dialog: up to them there in the late May sunlight
dialog: and say it,
text: her hungry pretty blank face turning to
dialog: me,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: her pitiful beautiful untouched body,
text: his arrogant handsome blind face turning
dialog: to me,
text: his pitiful beautiful untouched body,
dialog: but I don't do it. I want to live. I
dialog: take them up like the male and female
dialog: paper dolls and bang them together
text: at the hips like chips of flint as if to
dialog: strike sparks from them, I say...
text: The last graduation cap falls out of the `blue sky'
dialog: frame, and into...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 3 INT. ATLANTA RESTAURANT - LATER 3
dialog: (Graduation ceremony wardrobe)
text: Walt and Billie sit at a table. A Cadillac can be seen
text: through the window (ATLANTA LANDMARK), parked beside the
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Here they are.
text: Walt looks out the window and sees Chris drive up in his
text: old yellow Datsun with Carine in the passenger seat
text: beside him, and pulls up to the space beside the
dialog: Cadillac.
scene_heading: 4 INT. DATSUN 4
text: Chris is holding a book from which he reads aloud the
text: LAST LINE OF THE POEM...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I say...Do what you are going to do,
dialog: and I will tell about it.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: Who wrote that?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, it could've been either one of us,
dialog: couldn't it?
text: He hands a book of Sharon Olds' poetry to her.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: There's a lot of great poems in there.
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: Thanks, big brother.
text: They exit the car and frame.
scene_heading: 5 INT. ATLANTA RESTAURANT - SAME 5
text: Chris and Carine join Walt and Billie at the table.
text: Billie gets up and gives Chris a big hug.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: You scared the daylights out of me,
dialog: jumping on to that stage, oh my god.
text: Chris gives Carine a look. Walt extends his hand to
dialog: Chris.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Congratulations, son.
text: They all sit and pick up menus.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm starving.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 6 INT. ATLANTA RESTAURANT - LATER 6
text: The foods on the table. Chris is devouring a steak.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: My grades are gonna be good enough, I
dialog: think, to get into Harvard Law.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: That's a big deal. What do you have left
dialog: in your college fund?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It's an inheritance, dad. I've only been
dialog: spending it as a college fund...Exactly
dialog: twenty-four thousand five hundred dollars
dialog: and sixty-eight cents.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: That's very specific.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I had to go to the bank this morning.
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Well, we'll certainly contribute the
dialog: balance for Harvard.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah. I've got to figure out what I'm
dialog: going to do. I got a lot of things to
dialog: pack and organize here first.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: I'm so glad you're getting out of that
dialog: place you're living. It was so much
dialog: nicer when you lived on campus.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: You'll come to Annandale before you
dialog: disappear on us, won't you?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Sure, I will.
dialog: Carine's not so sure.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: You promise?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (whining)
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Well, your father and I want to make a
dialog: present to you.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: We want to get you out of that junker.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What's a junker?
text: Walt points outside to the Datsun.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: The Datsun?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Yes. We want to get you a new car.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: A new car? Why the hell would I want a
dialog: new car? The Datsun runs great.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (Mocking the Cadillac)
dialog: Do you think I want some fancy boat? Or
dialog: are you worried about what the neighbors
dialog: might think?
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: We weren't going to get you a Cadillac,
dialog: Chris. Just a nice new car that's safe
dialog: to drive. You don't know when that
dialog: thing's just going to suddenly blow up.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Blow up? Blow up?! Are you guys crazy?
dialog: It's a great car. I don't need a new
dialog: car. I don't want a new car. I don't
dialog: want anything. Thing, thing, thing.
text: Under the table, Carine jabs Chris' leg. Chris returning
dialog: to polite -
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: But, thanks anyway.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Everything's gotta be difficult.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I said thank you. I just don't want
dialog: anything.
text: The group returns to some superficial calm.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: I wouldn't say no to a new car.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (mumbling a rib)
dialog: Ivana Trump McCandless.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: (laughing it off)
dialog: Shut up, Chris.
dialog: (to her parents, seriously)
dialog: Seriously, I'll pay you back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 7 INT. OFF-CAMPUS ROOMING HOUSE, SECOND-FLOOR, ATLANTA - 7
speaker_heading: DAY
text: OVER Chris' shoulder, he frisbees his graduation cap from
text: the upstairs window to his parents parting Cadillac on
dialog: the street.
dialog: 9.
text: As they wave goodbye, Carine catches the cap from the
text: backseat window. And with a parting smile to her
text: brother, she poses with it on her own head. Chris smiles
text: and waves goodbye.
text: As the Cadillac drifts away, his smile disappears into
text: something other than sadness.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 8 INT. OFF-CAMPUS ROOMING HOUSE - NIGHT 8
text: In a warm ambient light, we SEE a black and white poster
text: on a barren wall: Poncho-clad Clint Eastwood from "The
dialog: Good, The Bad, And The Ugly."
text: We TILT DOWN a stack of books sitting on the floor -
text: Tolstoy, Stegner, Thoreau, Jack London, and Pasternak.
text: Beside them, a camper's backpack.
text: Chris sits in introspection at his desk by candlelight.
text: The room is spare, supporting his monkish lifestyle. But
text: on the desk before him, he counts out $500.68 from a bank
text: envelope. He pockets those bills and change, then removes
dialog: a check for $24,000 made out to OXFAM America from the
text: same bank envelope. He scribbles a note: These are all
dialog: my savings. Feed someone with it. Signed, Chris
text: McCandless. He then slides the note and the check into a
dialog: pre-addressed Oxford Famine Relief Fund (in Boston)
dialog: envelope.
text: He pulls his wallet from his back pocket. Pulls all the
text: cards and pictures from its sleeves. Considering each,
text: he flicks them into a trash bin, one by one. Finally
text: coming to his social security card, he holds it to the
text: candles flame. As the flame burns bright we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 9 EXT. ATLANTA HIGHWAY - SUNRISE' 9
text: MUSIC (Gordon Peterson's BIG HARD SUN or as radio source
text: Tom Petty's FREE FALLING) rises and PRESENTATION TITLES
speaker_heading: OVER:
text: A 1982 DATSUN B210 emerges from the rising sun as the car
text: heads west out of Atlanta. (HIGHWAY 20 TO 78 TO 40)
scene_heading: PRESENTATION TITLES and MUSIC carry OVER:
dialog: 9A.
text: MONTAGE: We travel with Chris and his Datsun through the
dialog: towns and open highways, landscapes and landmarks, days
text: and nights, that lead to the Mojave desert in the West.
dialog: 10.
text: (In contrast to his introspection of the previous night,
text: Chris is buoyant throughout this sequence.)
scene_heading: 10 EXT. DESERT, SOMEWHERE BETWEEN KINGMAN, ARIZONA AND LAS 10
scene_heading: VEGAS, NEVADA - SUNSET
text: (CRANE SHOT) We see Chris stop the Datsun in the middle
text: of the desert road. We (CRANE?) DOWN to a close-up
text: through the windshield. Chris looks left. Then, right.
text: Into the rearview mirror, and suddenly turns the wheel,
text: veering the Datsun off the paved highway into the vast
dialog: desert.
text: As we CRANE back UP, the Datsun moves into the horizon.
scene_heading: END PRESENTATION TITLES. FADE MUSIC
scene_heading: 11 EXT. DETRITAL WASH - TWILIGHT 11
scene_heading: ANGLE: WEST-FACING
text: The Datsun sits in the magical pastel twilight just
text: before darkness slides over the desert. It is positioned
text: at the foot of a wash wall that edges the soup bowl.
scene_heading: ANGLE: EAST-FACING
text: The Datsun, a yellow speck in the frame. Coyotes yap at
text: the moon. Other than that, no sound on the desert floor.
text: In the distance, voluptuous cumulonimbus clouds boil
text: upward catching the last rosy glow of the west-setting
text: sun over the rim of the upper Detrital watershed.
text: We see strobe bursts of lightning followed by muffled
text: thunder illuminating the thunder clouds from within.
text: Short SERIES OF ANGLES as we MOVE IN on the distant
text: gullies and ravines, starting to run with copious amounts
dialog: of water.
scene_heading: 12 INT. DATSUN - NIGHT 12
text: Chris McCandless, in the same clothes he had been in back
text: in the rooming house, sleeps in the back seat of the
text: Datsun. His head supported by his backpack. We begin to
text: HEAR a rumble. But this rumble is not thunder. It
text: rapidly builds into an alarming ROAR. The roar grows to
text: a deafening level. Chris awakens.
dialog: 11.
text: As he peeks up from the backseat looking forward through
text: the windshield, he just barely catches sight of the
text: leading edge of a flash flood. A four-foot high wall of
text: water, mud and debris makes impact with the Datsun,
text: momentarily enveloping it in water. Suddenly the car is
text: SLAMMED against the cliff. CRACK! Chris sits upright,
text: disoriented.
text: POV: As far as the eye can see in the desert moonlight,
text: water has taken over the desert with a flash flood.
text: However, there's no panic in Chris' face as we observe
text: him past a new crack in the wet windshield. The water,
text: while violent seems to have topped off just above the
text: wheels. Chris gets a slight smile on his face, as the
text: car settles into its new position below the cliff. He
text: returns to sleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 13 EXT. DESERT - DAY 13
text: What remains of Chris' travelling money burns in a pile
text: beside the Datsun on the sun-lit but muddy desert floor.
text: We follow a very long set of footprints (CAMERA
text: TRACKING/TRUE VERTICAL) away from the burning cash
text: through the mud, finally tilting up to the footprint
text: maker, Chris. Slogging toward high ground.
text: WIDE-SHOT: We see the abandoned Datsun nearly a mile
text: behind Chris as he walks toward us wearing his backpack.
text: He comes very close to camera (only a day or two's
text: stubble on his face) and as we PAN him 180, we see as
text: much wilderness before us as we did behind.
scene_heading: REPRISE MUSIC OVER MAIN TITLE:
speaker_heading: (INTO THE WILD)
text: Chris walks into the distance.
scene_heading: COMPLETE AND END MAIN TITLES.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 INT. COLLEGE BUILDING 14
scene_heading: SHAKY HAND-HELD HOME VIDEO IMAGE (4 YEARS EARLIER):
dialog: 12.
text: Chris McCandless speaking to camera holds a microphone in
text: a shadowy room, doing his Geraldo Rivera. It's tongue-in-
dialog: cheek at best.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: This is Emory University freshman Chris
text: McCandless reporting from the vault at
dialog: Thompson Hall.
text: He indicates a hatchway in the floor leading to a
text: brightly lit corridor below.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: We have just dynamited the hatchway and
dialog: are the first human beings to step foot
dialog: into this vault in over a hundred years.
dialog: Somewhere in here lies the secret of the
dialog: great beast within us all. A beast built
dialog: on lies, corruption, and greed.
text: We HEAR a GROWLING SOUND from behind Chris.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: And there it is! The legendary beast
dialog: Mocra.
text: CAMERA quickly PANS to a blanket-wrapped, crawling FELLOW
text: STUDENT in a grotesque Halloween mask.
text: We MOVE INTO CU on the monster growling.
text: QUICK PAN back to Chris.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (in mock fright)
dialog: We've got to get out of here quick and re-
text: secure the hatch while we make a plan of
dialog: how to kill the beast.
text: CAMERA SHAKES all over like a bad horror film trying to
text: stay with Chris as he makes a quick escape down the
text: hatchway into the University dorm corridor.
text: CLUMSY VIDEO TIME CUT: Chris nailing the last nail in
text: the hatchway from below. He climbs down the steps where
text: he exchanges his hammer for his microphone from an off-
dialog: camera source.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, it looks like we've succeeded -
text: We HEAR the monster's GROWL from above.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: - at least for the moment, in sealing the
dialog: beast back into the vault. Your humble
dialog: reporter, Chris McCandless will now
dialog: struggle with the journalistic question
dialog: of ethics: Will he retain his reporter's
dialog: objectiveness or save the future of human
dialog: truth by slaying this awful beast?
text: He gives us a look of vaudevillian puzzlement - what will
dialog: he do?
speaker_heading: CONTINUE VIDEO:
text: We pick up with Chris in a corridor outside a door with a
text: cheap paper-and-tape label announcing the adjacent room
dialog: as the office of Ted Turner.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Once again, your humble reporter Chris
dialog: McCandless.
text: We HEAR OS students commenting on Chris and his video
dialog: crew:
speaker_heading: OS STUDENT
dialog: What is this? Filmmaking 101?
speaker_heading: OS STUDENT #2
dialog: Point the camera at me. I'm a star.
text: Chris speaking straight to camera, still tongue-in-cheek:
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (with a Wizard of Oz tone)
dialog: Pay no attention to the voices behind the
dialog: curtain.
scene_heading: 15 INT. WOULD-BE TED TURNER OFFICE 15
text: A FELLOW STUDENT PLAYING TED TURNER with obvious fake
text: mustache is locked into an episode of Matlock on his
text: television set as our bold reporter, Chris, barges in.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Ted! We've got a monster in the vault.
dialog: It represents all the corruption, the
dialog: deceit, and greed within us all. I must
dialog: slay it.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: TED TURNER/STUDENT
dialog: (worst acting we've ever
dialog: seen)
dialog: McCandless, how many times have I had to
dialog: tell you? I've had to tell you that you
dialog: are a journalist and you can't get
dialog: personally involved in your cases...or
dialog: your stories.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Ted! I know how to kill it. And I'm the
dialog: only one who knows. You can't keep
dialog: sending me on stories and expecting me to
dialog: do nothing! I look like some kind of an
dialog: idiot.
scene_heading: TED TURNER/STUDENT
dialog: Do you know who you're talking to? I'm
dialog: Ted Turner.
text: Behind Chris in the corridor outside Ted's office, a
text: PANICKED STUDENT arrives at the door.
scene_heading: PANICKED STUDENT
dialog: McCandless! You've got to hurry! The
text: monster is scratching at the hatchway.
dialog: He'll be out in no time.
scene_heading: TED TURNER/STUDENT
dialog: (threatening)
dialog: It'll mean your job, Chris McCandless.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to Ted)
dialog: That's it, Ted. Fire me if you want but
dialog: this beast must be slayed.
text: Microphone in hand, Chris makes haste. The CAMERA RUNS
text: WITH HIM out the door, through the corridor, up a set of
text: steps to the hatchway. As he arrives, the monster
text: appears above him in the hatchway crawl space having
text: pulled off the board Chris had nailed.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (into camera)
dialog: This is the only thing that can kill the
dialog: monster. It's gonna be risky but without
dialog: great risk, there is no freedom. So we
dialog: will now hear from the famous singer -
dialog: Chris McCandless.
dialog: 15.
text: A piano is PUSHED INTO FRAME beside Chris. A YOUNG BLACK
text: STUDENT pulls a stool in front of the piano and begins to
text: play. Chris begins to serenade the monster,
text: intermittently sharing the serenade directly into camera
text: as well. He bursts into an uninhibited solo of Tender Is
dialog: The Night.
text: CAMERA TILTS UP to the monster looking out the hatchway,
text: slowly dying from the song being sung.
text: As the song continues to be sung and the monster
text: continues to die, the AUDIO RECEDES and VIDEO IMAGES GO
text: TO SLO MO.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: When we were little, Chris was very to
dialog: himself. He wasn't anti-social, he
dialog: always had friends, and everybody liked
dialog: him - but he could go off and entertain
dialog: himself for hours, he didn't seem to need
dialog: toys or friends. He could be alone
dialog: without being lonely. The secrets our
dialog: parents kept, though unknown to Chris and
dialog: I, led to bouts of rage and even violence
dialog: between them that we had been forced to
dialog: witness since we were very young. It
dialog: seemed like they never fought without us.
dialog: I remember the first family meeting to
dialog: let Chris and me in on their plans for
dialog: getting a divorce. They wanted us to
dialog: choose which of them we'd live with. I
dialog: cried my eyes out. But the divorce never
dialog: happened, though the threats and meetings
dialog: never stopped. It wasn't long before
dialog: Chris and I shut off -- we would tell mom
dialog: and dad to go ahead and get the divorce.
dialog: Chris and I just wanted to get away from
dialog: their fights and mom kept promising to
dialog: get out and take us with her as soon as
dialog: their company made enough money. Dad had
dialog: been the young genius [that] NASA
dialog: enlisted to do [crucial] designs for the
dialog: American satellite radar systems that
dialog: would be our answer to the Russian
dialog: Sputnik. And mom and he later started up
dialog: a consulting firm combining her get-up-
dialog: and-go resourcefulness with his wealth of
dialog: knowledge. By the time the company
dialog: actually made its first million, the
dialog: careerism and money seemed to erase her
dialog: memory of the promise she'd made us.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I think this is when Chris began to see
dialog: "careers" as a diseased invention of the
dialog: twentieth century and to resent money and
dialog: the useless priority people made of it in
dialog: their lives. He'd begun planning to
dialog: "slay the beast"...to make himself free.
speaker_heading: VIDEO IMAGE:
text: The beast dies.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: CHAPTER 1: BIRTH - FADE
dialog: IN:
scene_heading: 16 INT. TENT (IN THE SCRUB BRUSH BESIDE LAKE MEAD) - DAY 16
text: We see a pile of berries sitting atop a handkerchief.
text: Beside them, a survivalist's guide to edible growth.
scene_heading: POV: THE TOP OF THE TENT - SOFT FOCUS
text: The glare of the sun penetrating the canvas. A fly
text: buzzes and lands, hanging upside down. The image is
text: blurry.
speaker_heading: ECU: CHRIS' EYES
text: Delirious in the heat, we WIDEN OUT to see that he's
text: filthy (2 weeks of growth on his face and naked.) He
text: makes his way out of the tent, peers at the relentless
text: sun and scurries to his backpack where he removes a
text: canteen, barely a sip of water left in it. He downs it.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 17 EXT. LAKE MEAD DAY 17
text: The following short vignettes are silent and focused
dialog: exclusively on Chris:
text: 1. Recreational BOATERS on Lake Mead. GIRLS in bikinis.
text: BOYS on boats eating Kentucky Fried Chicken.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 2. At lake-side, an unusual sight - the NEW Chris
text: McCandless, a sun and dirt-beaten bum with a backpack.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 17.
text: 3. A family ski-boat has taken Chris on. They give him
text: water, dropping him at the north end of the lake at
scene_heading: TEMPLE BAR MARINA. (Director's Note: HIGH ANGLE, TIGHT,
text: sees Chris and the glimmering water treadmilling below)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 4. Chris washes himself in the lake by the marina.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 18 ESTABLISHING SHOT: CAFE, TEMPLE BAR MARINA 18
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 19 INT. MARINA CAFE, UNISEX RESTROOM 19
text: Chris brushes his teeth.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I need a name.
text: He takes a swallow of water. Rinses his mouth. Spits it
text: out. Then checks his bearded face in the mirror. He
dialog: likes what he sees.
text: As he wipes the corners of his mouth with a tissue and
text: throws it into the bin below the sink, he notices a
text: discarded tube of lipstick. He picks it up. It's down
text: to its end. Yet with what lipstick remains, he writes on
dialog: the mirror:
scene_heading: ALEXANDER SUPERTRAMP WAS HERE JULY 1990
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 20 EXT. MARINA CAFE (BLDG REAR) - SUNDOWN 20
text: Chris is behind the cafe beside a pair of dumpsters. He
text: removes the Datsun's license plates from his backpack and
text: discards them deeply into the garbage.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 17A.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. MARINA CAFE (BLDG FRONT) - SUNDOWN 21
text: Chris appears from behind the cafe lugging his backpack
text: up the rise from the cafe to the highway and starts
text: thumbing for a ride.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: 22 INT. MCCANDLESS HOME, ANNANDALE 22
text: VARIOUS shots to accompany V.O.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: Toward the end of June, Chris had mailed
dialog: our parents his final grade report.
text: Walt and Billie open the envelope.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: Almost all A's. "A" in Apartheid in
dialog: South African Society and History of
dialog: Anthropological Thought; A- in
dialog: Contemporary African Politics and the
dialog: Food Crisis in Africa; and on it went.
dialog: Clever boy, my brother.
text: We observe Carine in a delicate afternoon light. She is
text: sitting up on her bed with an unread book, looking out
text: the window toward us.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But by the end of July we hadn't heard
dialog: anything from him and my parents were
text: getting very worried.
text: Carine's POV: Walt with his arm around Billie in the
dialog: yard.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Chris had never had a phone, so they
dialog: decided to drive down to Atlanta and
dialog: surprise him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 22A EXT. ROAD TO TAHOE 22A
text: Chris, backpack on, walking away from camera.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 23 EXT. HIGHWAY - ATLANTA - DAY (END JULY 1990) 23
text: We see Walt and Billie's car pass under an Atlanta
text: mileage sign.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: When they arrived at the apartment, there
text: was a "For Rent" sign in his window, and
dialog: the manager told my parents that Chris
dialog: had moved out at the end of June.
scene_heading: 24 EXT. OFF-CAMPUS ROOMING HOUSE, ATLANTA - DAY 24
text: We observe Walt and Billie chatting with Chris' apartment
dialog: manager.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: When they got home, I had to hand them
dialog: all the letters they had sent Chris that
dialog: summer which had been returned in a
dialog: bundle.
scene_heading: 25 INT. MCCANDLESS HOME, ANNANDALE 25
text: The bundle of letters are splayed out on the kitchen
text: table - "Return to Sender" stamps visible.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: Chris had instructed the post office to
dialog: hold them until August 1st so that mom
dialog: and dad wouldn't know that anything was
dialog: up. Some part of me understood what he
dialog: had done. That he had spent the previous
dialog: four years fulfilling an absurd and
dialog: onerous duty in graduating from college.
text: We return to the image of Carine sitting on her bed as
text: she plops on Chris' old graduation cap. We slowly ZOOM IN
text: on her throughout the remaining V.O.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: And now, at last he was unincumbered.
text: Emancipated from the stifling world of
dialog: parents and peers. Abstraction,
dialog: security, and material excess. Those
dialog: things that cut Chris off from the raw
dialog: truth of his existence. I only hoped he
dialog: was safe...and I missed him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 26 EXT. SIERRA NEVADA MOUNTAINS (LAKE TAHOE AREA) - DAY 26
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT: (MUSIC OVER: PHILIP GLASS) WE FIND
text: CHRIS MAKING HIS STRIDES THROUGH PINES AND PEAKS, IN AWE
text: OF THE SCALE AND POWER OF THIS LANDSCAPE.
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOT (GROUND LEVEL): CLOSE ON Chris, surrounded
text: by a summit grove embraced in its nature.
text: ANGLE: A DEER drinking from a creek, pops its head up
text: between trees and scrub, watching the alien human pass.
text: An EAGLE soars above (perhaps it was this POV represented
dialog: in our helicopter shot)
text: WATER babbling in a mountain creek.
scene_heading: VARIOUS WILDLIFE SHOTS
text: ANGLE: Chris - In his eyes we see the landscape inject
dialog: itself.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 27 EXT. CAMPSITE, PACIFIC CREST TRAIL - SUNSET 27
text: SEQUENCE: Chris makes camp beside a stream pulling a sack
text: of rice from his backpack and cooking it.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. CAMPSITE, PACIFIC CREST TRAIL - NIGHT 28
dialog: Wrapped in his own "The Good, The Bad, And The Ugly"
text: poncho, Chris eats rice while crouched beside a campfire
text: reading from Jack London's White Fang.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 29 EXT. PACIFIC CREST TRAIL - FURTHER NORTH - DAY 29
text: Chris is on the move north through the gorgeous landscape
text: of the Sierras, humming as he walks, when he comes upon a
text: sign on the trail: PERMIT CAMPING IN DESIGNATED
text: CAMPGROUNDS ONLY.
text: Chris bows to the sign as one would to speak to a small
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (singing)
text: Sign, sign. Everywhere a sign. Fuckin'
dialog: up the scenery, breakin' my mind.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Do this. Don't do that. Can't you read
dialog: the sign?
text: And then, very impulsively, he karate kicks the sign off
text: its post into a log collapsing into ---
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 30 OMITTED 30
scene_heading: 31 EXT. CAMPSITE II, PACIFIC CREST TRAIL - NIGHT 31
text: A burning log collapses in Chris' campfire, reduced to
text: glowing embers.
scene_heading: 32 INT. TENT 32
text: Chris is awakened by the SOUND of TWIGS SNAPPING in a
text: nearby thicket. He quickly grabs a knife from his
text: backpack, unzips six inches of the tent door open. We
text: see his eyes peering out. The CRACKLING moves closer.
text: His grip on the knife tightens.
text: Suddenly a hot white light hits his face. And a VOICE
text: comes from behind the light.
speaker_heading: FOREST RANGER
dialog: U.S. Forestry. Could you step out of the
dialog: tent please?
text: Now we see the FOREST RANGER appear from the thicket.
text: Chris exits the tent, catching himself holding the knife.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: (as he drops the knife to the
dialog: ground)
dialog: Sorry. I thought you were a bear.
speaker_heading: FOREST RANGER
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: I don't blame you. You're less than a
text: hundred yards from the nearest den.
dialog: That's why I came over here to talk to
dialog: you. Do you have some identification?
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No. I'm sorry. My name's Alex. I've
dialog: been travelling a lot and I got robbed
dialog: and my identification was taken.
speaker_heading: FOREST RANGER
dialog: You mind if I take a look in your tent?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Go ahead.
text: The Forest Ranger bends over. Pops his flashlight
text: through the tent door and peers around a bit before re-
dialog: addressing Chris.
speaker_heading: FOREST RANGER
dialog: You're not the character who knocked down
dialog: our sign, are ya?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FOREST RANGER
dialog: Because there was a sign indicating that
dialog: camping was allowed by permit only.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, I don't have a permit.
speaker_heading: FOREST RANGER
dialog: No, I'm sure you don't. Listen, it looks
dialog: like you've got your food secured pretty
dialog: good, so I'm not gonna make you move on
dialog: tonight. But, these bears out here are
dialog: nursing young and you know how that goes.
dialog: Next time, stop at the Rangers station
dialog: and get yourself a permit.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Alright. I appreciate it. I'm gonna be
text: headed towards the coast tomorrow.
speaker_heading: FOREST RANGER
dialog: Be careful.
text: They shake hands and the Forest Ranger disappears into
text: the thicket.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. THE NORTHERN CREST - DAY 33
text: Chris descends the mountains where they meet the
text: Redwoods. Every perilous step creates a mini landslide
text: down the hill; dirt and gravel.
text: Chris stops briefly to observe an over-flying commercial
dialog: airliner.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (mocking imaginary
dialog: conversation among
dialog: passengers)
dialog: Is that a man mommy?
dialog: That's no mere man, sweetheart. That's
dialog: Alexander SuperTramp! King of the wild
dialog: frontier!
text: Chris briefly waves to the airplane above and continues
dialog: his descent.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 34 OMITTED 34
scene_heading: 35 EXT. HIGHWAY NEAR WILLOW CREEK (AUGUST 10, 1990) 35
text: A car slows to a stop.
scene_heading: 36 INT./EXT. CAR-HIGHWAY 36
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: This is where I turn off.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Alright man. Thanks a lot.
text: Chris is dropped off. The driver veers off the highway
text: and into the distance. Chris is left behind to hitch
dialog: another ride.
scene_heading: 36A EXT. HIGHWAY 36A
text: CAMERA is across the road from Chris as one by one cars
text: pass him by. He turns to move north by foot and we track
text: with him, his back to oncoming traffic, he continues to
text: hitchhike with an extended thumb. Something catches his
text: eye in the treeline beside the road.
dialog: 24.
text: REVERSE: Chris, moving to the mysterious object. As he
text: lifts it, we see that it is a goofy looking straw hat.
text: He dusts it off, and snugs it onto his head, when a
text: police car comes into frame and stops beside Chris.
text: With a quick blast of the siren, Chris turns to regard
text: the police car. The POLICEMAN gets out of the car and
text: moves to Chris.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: How're you doin' this evening?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: I'm alright. What's the matter?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: You wanna put your backpack down on the
dialog: hood of my car.
text: Chris does not oblige.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Because I asked you to, sir.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: But I haven't done anything wrong. These
dialog: are my personal items.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Do you know that it's unlawful to
text: hitchhike on this stretch of highway.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're kidding.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Do you see a safe area for a vehicle to
dialog: stop? We got a tree-lined highway
dialog: without a substantial shoulder here. And
dialog: we've had a lot of accidents on this road
text: from people stopping in the traffic lane
dialog: for hitchhikers.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Alright, but...I mean, you stopped your
dialog: car. You're in the traffic lane. And
dialog: you can see, there's hardly any cars out
dialog: here. Plus, it's a straight road; you
dialog: can see for a long ways.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: There's really been accidents along here?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: May I see some identification?
text: Now Chris is worried.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't have any.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: You don't have any identification?
text: Chris shakes his head "No."
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (pulling out a ticket)
dialog: Well, I'm gonna site you for unlawful
dialog: hitchhiking. You don't have to appear.
dialog: You can send a check directly to the
dialog: Humboldt County Clerks Office for
dialog: restitution. If you don't pay it within
dialog: 30 days, you're subject to fine and
dialog: warrant. I'm gonna trust that you're
dialog: gonna give me accurate information.
dialog: What's your name?
text: Chris can't bring himself to lie.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: McCandless. Christopher Johnson
dialog: McCandless.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 37 INT. MCCANDLESS HOME, ANNANDALE (MID-AUGUST 1990) 37
text: Walt, Billie, and Carine sit around the kitchen table in
text: August. A copy of Chris' ticket has been sent to the
text: Annandale address and sits before them. Billie and
text: Carine sit silently. Walt's on the phone.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: If Chris were trying to disappear, it
dialog: would have been a pretty uncharacteristic
dialog: lapse for him to give the police his real
dialog: place of residence. Though my parents
dialog: had already contacted the Annandale
dialog: police with their initial concerns, this
dialog: ticket arriving from California made them
text: frantic.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: My father called one of his old
dialog: government friends who put him in touch
dialog: with a private investigator, someone
dialog: who'd done work with the DIA and the CIA.
dialog: Using the Willow Creek ticket as a
dialog: starting point, the investigator began
text: chasing down leads. Most of them led far
dialog: afield -- to Europe and South Africa.
dialog: Ultimately turning up nothing. What my
dialog: dad couldn't believe was that he'd given
dialog: up his car. He seemed to love that
dialog: Datsun so much. It sounded just like
dialog: Chris to me, though. He was very much of
dialog: the school that you should own nothing
dialog: except what you could carry on your back
text: at a dead run.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. NORTHERN CALIFORNIA HIGHWAY, NEAR ORICK, 60 MILES 38
scene_heading: SOUTH OF THE OREGON LINE - DAY (MID-AUGUST 1990)
text: With his backpack lunging and a free hand holding his
text: goofy new hat onto his head, we find Chris at a "dead
dialog: run" to catch a ride that had overshot him. (Director's
text: note: Don't leave this image too soon.) An old van idles
text: waiting for him. As he gets to the passenger side, the
text: woman passenger gets out. This is JAN BURRES, early
text: 40's, looks to be still on the long road home from
text: Woodstock. A little heavyset, dark wavy hair with a lot
text: of premature grey in it.
text: Jan moving to the side door.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Hi. We just barely saw you there, under
dialog: that crazy hat of yours. We couldn't
text: back up - the van's reverse is broken.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (as Jan fiddles with side
dialog: door handle)
dialog: Oh. That's okay. Thanks for stopping.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: This door's a little tricky, I'll get it.
text: And with a little pulling, it opens. Indicating the pony-
text: tailed and bearded driver (RAINEY), early 50's,
dialog: definitely Woodstock...
speaker_heading: JAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hop in, that's Rainey.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Hey, I'm Rainey.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: And I'm Jan.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hey, Rainey. Hi Jan. I'm Alex.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
text: Alex of the hat.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (closing the side door)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jan jumps back in passenger seat and the van rolls on.
scene_heading: 39 INT. RAINEY &amp; JAN VAN 39
scene_heading: 3-SHOT - CHRIS BETWEEN THEM IN THE BACKSEAT.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Were you out there a long time hitching?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Couple of days. But sometimes I forget to
dialog: put my thumb out.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Probably, the rest of the time, that hat
text: scares `em away.
text: Chris checks himself in the rearview mirror and gets a
text: kick out of what he sees (That hat's staying on.) Jan is
text: looking at the rearview mirror too, observing Chris with
dialog: mild concern.
speaker_heading: JAN (CONT'D)
dialog: When's the last time you ate something?
text: Chris pulls out a bag of berries and edible plants he's
dialog: collected.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (excited)
dialog: See that? I've got this book and it
dialog: shows you all the plants and berries that
dialog: are edible. You can find things wherever
dialog: you go.
text: Jan steals a glance to Rainey. He's hip.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: We were just in town getting some beads
dialog: and stuff. Jan does handicrafts, so
dialog: we're usually going from one swap meet to
dialog: another. She's so good at what she does,
dialog: we sold everything. So, we set up camp
dialog: at Orick Beach. You're welcome to camp
dialog: there with us.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: And eat there with us.
text: Chris is beaming at the thought of real food.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 40 EXT. CAMPSITE, ORICK BEACH - NIGHT 40
text: Chris, Jan, and Rainey are beside a campfire, sitting on
text: blankets. Their tents loom behind them.
text: Jan is weaving some sort of craft art. Chris is chomping
text: on chicken and beans like they're going out of style.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (between large swallows)
dialog: So, I just left the car. It was a great
dialog: car too. I'd driven it cross country the
dialog: first time when I got out of high school.
dialog: I had some really great adventures with
dialog: it. That thing would just go and go. I
dialog: mean, it was an `82 but if I'd kept it,
dialog: it would've lasted me forever.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: So, you're a leather now.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm a leather?
text: Rainey nods, smiling.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (looking to Jan)
dialog: What's a leather?
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: You're a leather tramp. That's what they
dialog: call the ones that hoof it on foot. So,
dialog: we're technically rubber tramps.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: (interjecting)
dialog: As we have a vee-hi-cle.
text: Rainey makes a move to put his arm around Jan. She goes
text: a little stiff and fends it off. Chris notices.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Alex could have a vehicle. If he didn't
dialog: burn his money. Why would you want to do
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't need money. It makes people
dialog: cautious.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: (a little irritated)
dialog: Well, you have to be a little cautious
dialog: Alex. That book of yours is all well and
dialog: fine but you can't depend entirely on
text: leaves and berries.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I don't know if you'd want to depend on
dialog: much more than that.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Where's your mom and dad?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Makin' their money somewhere.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Come on Chris. You look like a loved *
dialog: kid. Be fair. *
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Fair?
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: You know what I mean.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll paraphrase Thoreau -- "Rather than *
dialog: love, than money, than fairness, give me *
dialog: truth." *
speaker_heading: RAINEY *
dialog: You look like shit. There's the truth. *
text: They all laugh. *
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CUT TO: *
scene_heading: 41 INT. CHRIS' TENT, ORICK BEACH - LATER 41
text: Chris sits up reading, his tent entry flap ajar to let
text: the small candle lantern ventilate.
text: OS we HEAR a ZIPPING SOUND. It's Rainey. We see him
text: from Chris' POV coming out of his tent deep in thought.
text: As he moves to the glowing embers of what remains of the
text: campfire, Rainey's face goes out of frame and all Chris
text: can see are his booted feet, tapping bits of glowing wood
text: into the center of the fire. The tapping is slow and
text: thoughtful. Micro-embers float upward into the night.
text: Chris' tent flap closes by his own hand.
text: ANGLE: Chris' dog-ears his book and puts out the lantern.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 42 EXT. ORICK BEACH - DAY 42
text: We see Chris foraging for firewood in the bluffs above
text: the beach. He's got it tied to his back and his front.
dialog: If we didn't know better, we'd think he was camouflaging
dialog: himself.
text: Chris' POV: The rocks beside the water's edge. We see
text: Rainey sitting beside the water, staring out to sea. We
text: follow Chris' gaze to Jan, some fifty yards down the
text: beach, walking melancholically in the opposite direction
dialog: of Rainey.
text: ANGLE: Rainey at the water's edge. Chris appears beside
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: (regarding Chris wrapped up
dialog: in wood)
dialog: Geez. If I struck a match to you, I'd
text: have warmth and dinner at the same time.
dialog: 31.
text: But Rainey's humor does not hide an inner turmoil.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Where's Jan going?
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Well, my friend, all is not well on the
dialog: hippie front.
text: Chris pulls out his pocketknife, cuts the twine that
text: binds the firewood to his body, and takes a seat beside
dialog: Rainey.
speaker_heading: RAINEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're an industrious little fucker,
dialog: aren't ya... Yeah, it's funny how things
dialog: happen at particular times. I've loved
dialog: that woman for a lot of years. But you
dialog: know, she's got a...story. We've been
dialog: going through this thing real quietly
dialog: cause, well...So, after running into you
dialog: last night, this thing we were going
text: through quietly, she started talking
dialog: about. You know what I mean?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: You think what?
text: Chris is looking off at Jan walking in the distance.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I think she's probably quietly
text: disconnecting. It doesn't feel right to
dialog: her to be close to you if there's a hole
dialog: of some kind somewhere else.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: That's a helluva insight. Jesus!...
dialog: You're not Jesus, are you? You gonna
dialog: walk on that water and get her back for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Actually, I'm a little afraid of water.
text: Rainey gives him a sideways glance.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: It's true. But it's something I've got
dialog: to get over sometime.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: So, I'll swim in it if you'll carry the
text: firewood back to the campsite.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: I'll carry. Shit-yes I'll carry.
text: And with that, Chris runs down the beach toward Jan.
text: Rainey watches Chris and Jan chat briefly. Then they
text: strip down to their underwear and jump into the ocean,
text: splashing and laughing.
text: ANGLE: Rainey. A warmth comes over him, watching his old
text: lady having some fun. He grabs two armfuls of wood and
text: heads to the campsite.
text: ANGLE: Chris and Jan swimming in the chilly water, having
text: a ball.
text: Jan increasingly indulges herself a motherly closeness
text: and joy with Chris. And Chris allows it. She pushes the
text: stringy hairs from his eyes, worries when he descends
text: below the surface for too many seconds, and smiles and
text: laughs in tender relief when from below surface one of
text: her toes is pulled on by the big fish Chris. As he re-
text: surfaces, she gives him a splash right in the face.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 43 EXT. CAMPSITE, ORICK BEACH - LATER 43
text: Through a burning campfire in the late afternoon, we see
text: the chilly bodies of Chris and Jan carrying their clothes
text: run shivering toward us.
text: Rainey sits beside the campfire.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: I thought you guys might need a little
dialog: heat.
text: Jan smiles appreciatively.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: (moving to Rainey)
dialog: That's not hot enough. Put your arms
dialog: around me.
text: As they embrace, Chris throws a coat on from his tent,
text: puts on his funny straw hat, and grabs a book.
text: Rainey has wrapped a blanket around Jan and they sit
text: beside the fire.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm going to go down the beach a ways and
dialog: read a little bit. I'll bring the rest
dialog: of that wood back before nightfall.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Alright. We might take a run into town
dialog: to grab some food for tonight.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Sounds good.
text: He heads off down the beach.
scene_heading: 44 EXT. ORICK BEACH MONTAGE 44
speaker_heading: MUSIC OVER:
text: 1. The ocean moving toward sunset.
text: 2. Seagulls, gliding inches over the water.
text: 3. The breeze on the sea grass.
text: 4. Chris in his big hat reading at water's edge.
text: 5. Jan and Rainey deeply engaged in conversation beside
dialog: the fire.
text: 6. Chris closing his book, remaining meditative at
text: water's edge.
text: 7. Jan and Rainey in town, buying groceries and being
text: playful with each other.
text: 8. OVER Chris' shoulder, the sun sets and day becomes
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 45 EXT. CAMPSITE, ORICK BEACH - NIGHT 45
text: Jan and Rainey on a blanket sharing a joint. Chris lying
text: beside the campfire in his sleeping bag. Jan takes a
text: toke, passes the joint to Rainey.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: You know what Alex ought to do, Rainey?
dialog: He ought to come out to the Slabs this
dialog: winter.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Oh yeah.
text: Rainey takes a toke on the joint.
speaker_heading: RAINEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You'd like that if you're still on the
text: road. Lot of fellow travelers.
text: Rainey offers the joint to Chris. Chris passes it up
text: with a hand gesture.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What is that? The Slabs?
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: It's down in Niland, California. You
dialog: know where the Salton Sea is?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Near San Diego, yeah?
speaker_heading: RAINEY
text: Well about 200 miles Northeast of there,
dialog: but yeah. Niland's off the east shore of
text: Salton. Wild place. The navy bulldozed
dialog: and abandoned a base there. All that's
text: left is a grid of concrete foundations.
text: They're scattered over about a square
dialog: mile or so.
speaker_heading: JAN
text: When the weather turns cold across the
dialog: rest of the country, people show up there
dialog: by the thousands: snow birds...
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Drifters...
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Sundry vagabonds...
speaker_heading: RAINEY / JAN
dialog: Like ourselves.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Livin' on the cheap under the sun.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You sell your handcrafts there?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Oh yeah. And a lot of second-hand goods.
text: There's a swap meet. The people are
dialog: cool. There's even some kids running
dialog: around sometimes. Most everyone there,
dialog: if they're not avoiding the cold, are at
text: least dodging the IRS.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Or the FBI. CIA! DDT!!!
text: The three of them laugh.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: It's good. You should check it out. If
dialog: you come, I'll make a proper hat for you.
text: (standing, shaking out her
dialog: blanket)
dialog: Well, Alex. I'm gonna clean up and the
dialog: old man and I are gonna get some rest.
dialog: (indicating the sleeping bag)
dialog: Looks like you got yourself a good bag
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah...my mother made it from a kit.
text: Jan sees an almost imperceptible mother pang in Chris,
text: but he pushes it away quickly.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm gonna sleep out here by the fire. I
dialog: want to read a little bit.
text: Jan moves to Chris, hugs him, kisses him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: You're wonderful. Don't make me worry
dialog: about you.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 46 EXT. CAMPSITE, ORICK BEACH - LATER 46
text: The fire is burning low. Chris reads from Thoreau's
text: WALDEN from the chapter on "Higher Laws" as we move
text: slowly in toward him, we begin to HEAR quiet sounds of
dialog: what may be love-making coming from Rainey and Jan's
text: tent. A gentle smile comes over Chris' face and in its
text: irony, he looks to the page before him.
dialog: 36.
dialog: Chris' sliding fingertip underlines the following
dialog: passage:
dialog: Chastity is the flowering of a man; and what are called
dialog: genius, heroism, holiness, and the like, are but various
dialog: fruits which succeed it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 47 EXT. CAMPSITE, ORICK BEACH - MORNING 47
text: Gulls pierce into the grey morning ocean, snapping from
text: schools of fish. And the subtle crackling of a
text: campfire's death. There on the beach, Jan and Rainey's
text: van, their tent, and the fireless coals of last night.
text: But no sign of Chris, his bag or his tent.
text: Jan appears from her tent, rubbing her eyes. She wears a
text: sarong which she re-secures at the breast, then notices
text: that Chris has left. But where his tent had been, the
dialog: words:
dialog: THANK YOU JAN AND RAINEY
text: are spelled out in the sand with bits of driftwood.
text: CU: Jan - We see her sadness. Rainey appears at her
text: shoulder. He understands what is inside his woman.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: He reminded me...
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: I know.
text: Go to WIDE SHOT: Jan and Rainey remaining as they were.
text: FOREGROUND: Seagulls GLIDE THROUGH FRAME.
scene_heading: CHAPTER 2: ADOLESCENCE
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 48 EXT. CASCADE RANGE - DAY 48
scene_heading: MUSIC OVER: Joe Henry's King's Highway
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: 1. Chris hitchhiking through the Sage Brush Uplands
text: 2. Chris squatting over a water bucket, shaving.
dialog: 37.
text: 3. Camping in the lava beds of the Columbia River Basin.
text: 4. Walking across the Idaho Panhandle.
text: 5. Cooking the last of his rice on the Montana border.
text: 6. Hitchhiking in the Montana sunset.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. CUT BANK, MONTANA - SUNSET (SEPTEMBER 10 1990) 49
text: We see Chris hitching down a lonely two-lane road
text: surrounded by fields and distant mountains.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: In early September, mom and dad got a
dialog: call from the Annandale police notifying
dialog: them that Chris' abandoned car had been
dialog: identified by the Arizona Highway Patrol
dialog: after a group of rare flower hunters
dialog: stumbled upon it in the desert. There
dialog: were no signs that Chris had intended to
dialog: return to it. But there wasn't any
text: evidence of struggle. The police said
dialog: they thought Chris had chosen to leave it
dialog: behind and not that it had been taken
dialog: from him. Nonetheless, the initial
dialog: comfort that gave mom and dad, quickly
dialog: turned to their realization that Chris
text: was actually trying not to be found.
scene_heading: 50 EXT. ANNANDALE STREET - DUSK 50
text: We see Walt. He walks out the door of his house into the
text: street. He keeps walking. And we go with him in his
dialog: silent but internal Armageddon. We PULL him in CU
dialog: throughout all that follows...(Refer to SCENE 171: "Dad
dialog: calls it `suspended animation.'" This may affect our
dialog: visual approach)
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: The year Chris graduated high school he
dialog: bought the Datsun, used. He wanted to
dialog: drive it cross-country and visit our old
dialog: neighborhood in California. The day
dialog: before he left was my dad's birthday.
dialog: Chris made a speech...
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: 51 INT. MCCANDLESS HOME, ANNANDALE (PAST) 51
text: Chris stands beside the family piano, speaking to a party
text: of his parent's friends, Walt and Billie among them.
text: Beside him, a large gift-wrapped present. Carine sits at
text: the foot of the stairs at the back of the room watching
text: her brother with a hint of concern.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (a little drunk, a little
dialog: emotional)
dialog: Dad, you and I have had our differences
dialog: over the years...but on your birthday I
dialog: want to tell you how grateful I am for
dialog: all the things you've given me. And that
dialog: you did it starting from nothing to
dialog: working your way through college and
dialog: busting your ass to support us kids. So,
dialog: in return, I've been busting my ass a
dialog: bit...at Domino's Pizza -
text: Chris moves to the gift.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: and I've gotten you this token, this
dialog: damned expensive token, as a token of
dialog: that appreciation.
text: Chris holds the large gift toward Walt. Walt moves
text: through his friends to Chris and strips the paper,
text: exposing a beautiful Questar Telescope.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: (patting his son the back)
dialog: Would you look at that.
text: Walt holds the telescope up for all to see. And the
text: party responds with applause.
text: Chris walks through the cheering family friends to take
text: his place beside Carine at the bottom of the steps.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: Jesus, you must've had a lot to drink.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Too much and not enough. I used to
dialog: believe all that stuff. That whole
dialog: story. I thought maybe if I said it
dialog: again, I'd believe it. But I don't.
dialog: 39.
text: Tears have come to Chris' eyes. He puts his head in his
text: hands. Carine puts an arm around him.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 52 EXT ANNANDALE STREET - DUSK 52
text: PRESENT: Walt expressionless, walking into camera.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
text: The day after the party, Chris left on
dialog: his trip and ended up staying away most
dialog: of the summer. It was nearly three months
dialog: before he walked back into our house in
text: Annandale. He had a scruffy beard, his
text: hair was long and tangled, and he was
dialog: rail thin. As soon as I heard he was
text: home, I ran into his room to talk to him.
dialog: In California, he'd looked up some old
dialog: family friends who still lived there.
dialog: He'd found out that long after he had
dialog: been born, our dad had continued a
dialog: relationship with his first wife Marcia
dialog: in secret.
scene_heading: 53 EXT CUT BANK, MONTANA - SUNSET 53
text: BRIEF CUTAWAY to Chris hitching on the Montana highway.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: And that one lie had led to another.
dialog: That two years after Chris was born, dad
dialog: had had another son with Marcia. Worse
dialog: yet was that it was Marcia to whom he was
dialog: still legally married at the time. And
dialog: it was Chris and I who were the bastard
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 54 EXT ANNANDALE STREET - DUSK 54
dialog: Walt.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: Dad's arrogance made him conveniently
dialog: oblivious to the pain he caused. And
dialog: mom, in the shame and embarrassment of a
text: young mistress, became his accomplice.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: 39aA.
speaker_heading: CARINE (CONT'D)
dialog: She and my dad had decided to bend the
dialog: truth about this other child saying that
dialog: dad wasn't the father and they maintained
dialog: that their fraudulent marriage was real.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 39A.
speaker_heading: CARINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Chris was quiet when he told me this. He
dialog: said it made his "entire childhood seem
dialog: like a fiction"; that "the truth had been
dialog: dying everyday." If something bothered
dialog: Chris, he'd usually keep it to himself.
dialog: And he made me promise to do the same.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CARINE (CONT'D)
dialog: He never did tell mom and dad that he
dialog: knew. But Chris measured himself and
text: those around him by an impossibly
dialog: rigorous moral code. He loathed what he
dialog: considered mom and dad's hypocrisy and
dialog: resented what they considered guidance.
dialog: Chris submitted to dad's authority
dialog: through college but I knew he raged
dialog: inwardly the whole time. It was
dialog: inevitable that Chris would rebel. And
dialog: when he did, he did it with
text: characteristic immoderation.
text: Walt suddenly collapses to his knees weeping, heartbroken
text: and ashamed on a quiet Annandale street in the shadowless
text: light of dusk.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: My father is a brilliant man. But he had
dialog: made some terrible mistakes. And to some
dialog: extent, it seemed Chris was making him
dialog: pay an awful price.
text: The image of Walt DISSOLVES INTO...
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 55 EXT. CUT BANK, MONTANA (SEPTEMBER 10, 1990) 55
text: A pick-up truck pulls over for Chris. As Chris jumps in,
text: we see on the passenger side door, the name WAYNE
text: WESTERBERG boldly painted across it. Chris hops in
text: beside a hyper kinetic man with thick shoulders and a
text: black goatee.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: (rolling a cigarette without
dialog: moving forward with the
text: truck, his knees rattling up
dialog: and down)
dialog: How're you doing? Wayne Westerberg.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: Hi Wayne. Alex McCandless.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Seems like every time I come on this
dialog: road, there's somebody hitching out here
dialog: who looks as skinny and unfed as you.
text: Chris nods with a laugh. Wayne continuing...
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I gotta stop in Ethridge to drop
dialog: something off (know what I mean?)
text: Chris is not sure about the "drop something off" part.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: How `bout you and I grab something to eat
dialog: down there?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh, I wouldn't want to burden you.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: How long has it been since you've had
dialog: anything to eat?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Couple of days. I kinda ran out of
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Well, there's no choice about it. I'm
dialog: gonna get you some dinner.
text: Wayne lights his cigarette, puts the truck in gear and
text: they head down the road.
text: As the sun dips behind the horizon we TILT UP off the
text: departing truck to the sky. Ominously mounting clouds
text: stunningly reflect the red rays of the hidden sun:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 56 EXT. SUNBURST - NIGHT 56
text: Wayne's truck cuts through a track in a wheat field
text: moving toward a compound of three trailers, one a double-
text: wide, the other two on wheels, smaller. Beside them, a
text: Wyeth-esque farmhouse. He eases the engine and comes to
text: a stop in front of the double-wide.
text: As he and Chris dismount the truck, Wayne gives him a
text: hushing finger across the lips. They tip-toe up to the
text: door, where Wayne shuffles a bunch of keys.
text: A little thunder kicking in the distant sky.
dialog: 41A.
scene_heading: 56A INT. DOUBLE-WIDE - NIGHT 56A
text: As Wayne and Chris enter, they tip-toe over empty booze
text: bottles and passed out work crew; Wayne's harvesting
dialog: team.
text: They make their way to a small table in the kitchenette.
text: Remains of the evening's dinner are on the stove. Wayne
text: turns on the stovetop coils to heat it up.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: So where is it you're headed?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I was thinking about doubling back
dialog: through the Canadian side of Glacier
dialog: Park.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, I used to have a girlfriend who'd
dialog: go there, camp on the Black Feet Res.
dialog: She was into all that American Indian
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can bring you to the border at Sweet
dialog: Grass once you've had some food.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, that'd be great. What do you do
dialog: out here?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Well, I do a lot of things. Computer
dialog: programming. Video game repair. I'm a
dialog: licensed pilot, own a grain elevator in
dialog: Carthage and another one a few miles out
dialog: of town. But in the summertime I run a
dialog: combine crew, follow the harvest from
dialog: Texas way the hell north to the Canadian
dialog: border. We just got done cutting barley
dialog: for Coors and Anheuser Busch. But then I
dialog: got this little black box deal on the
dialog: side (You know what I mean?)
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You mean those free satellite TV deals?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: (as though he hadn't brought
dialog: it up)
dialog: You said it, not me.
text: Chris is dazzled by this renaissance man of the plains.
text: Wayne stands to dish out a couple of plates of heated
text: food. As Chris starts digging in, a major gust of wind
text: rocks the trailer.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: (smiling, responding to wind)
speaker_heading: OOOOOOH.
text: Chris doesn't respond, digs into the food. Points to the
text: unconscious tribe splayed out. SIX GERMANIC-LOOKING
scene_heading: UNCONSCIOUS BODIES.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Who are these guys?
text: Wayne gets a little giggle.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Those are my Hudderites. Agriculture's a
dialog: pretty transient business. These guys
dialog: come off the Hudderite colony looking for
dialog: work. I always got work for people.
dialog: Then that guy -
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 42A.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: (pointing at guy making most
dialog: of his snore)
dialog: That's Kevin. He's with me most of the
dialog: time. He's not a Hudderite. He's from
dialog: Madison.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Madison. Okay.
text: Just then, the rain kicks in full gear outside, pounding
text: the trailer shell. A couple hits of lightning follow.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Listen, you don't want to go out there on
dialog: the road tonight. Why don't you just
dialog: roll your sleeping bag out and play like
text: a Hudderite until morning.
text: Chris looks about. There's not much room but it beats
text: the pelting outside.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Thanks Wayne. I will.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Chris, with a grin on his face, lays in his sleeping bag
text: between a Hudderite and the sleeping KEVIN. Wayne comes
text: from the back bedroom, tip-toes through the sleeping
text: bodies to hand Chris a pillow.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Get a good sleep. See you in the
dialog: morning.
text: Chris waves a thanks, puts the pillow beneath his head
text: and closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: 57 OMITTED 57
speaker_heading: 58 OMITTED 58
scene_heading: 59 EXT. SUNBURST - DAY 59
text: We are TIGHT on Chris' hand atop the shifter of one of
text: Wayne's lumbering harvesters.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (O.S)
dialog: Okay. Now take hold of the joystick, get
dialog: the feel of header, idle it down with the
dialog: toggle switch...
text: As Chris makes the attempt, we immediately hear the
text: grinding of gears, the instrument alarms in chaos.
text: WIDE SHOT: Chris and Wayne sit atop a combine. In the
text: background we see Wayne's trailer and two other combines
text: piloted by Wayne's crew members on the ocean of ripe
dialog: blond grain.
text: Chris tries his hand at the shifter once more. This time
text: the thing starts to move.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: That's it. That's it. Now take it on
dialog: out and make yourself some money.
text: Wayne jumps off the combine and Chris begins to cut his
text: pattern, intermittently struggling with the shifter.
text: Wayne laughs his ass off.
scene_heading: 60 EXT SUNBURST - DAY 60
text: SERIES OF SHOTS indicating a SERIES OF DAYS passing as
text: Chris gets a hang of the machines a little more at a
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 61 INT. DOUBLE-WIDE, SUNBURST - NIGHT 61
text: Six men including Wayne and Chris, two among them -
text: Hudderites, crowd in to the small dinner area of the
text: trailer. Talking politics and bullshit, and eating a
dialog: welcome meal.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I'm gonna break out some whiskey. Alex,
dialog: you want anything other than that beer?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'd take a White Russian if you've got
dialog: it.
text: The group of men laugh at the youngster's order of a
dialog: fancy drink.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: What are you Alex, a Commie?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, I just like White Russians.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I haven't got anything like that here.
dialog: But I tell ya what. And I know I speak
dialog: for everybody. You wanna come work with
dialog: us in Carthage, we'll hook you up on the
dialog: grain elevator and get you a White
text: Russian down at the Cabaret.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
text: Dawn tomorrow, engines roaring.
dialog: (to the others like a mock
dialog: blues singer)
dialog: "Pot o Gold. Oh that pot o gold."
text: They all join in to the chant/song:
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: "Pot o Gold. Gotta get that pot o gold!"
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (raising his beer)
dialog: To Carthage.
scene_heading: WAYNE AND HIS MEN
dialog: (toasting)
dialog: To Carthage.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 62 OMITTED 62
scene_heading: 62A EXT. HIGHWAY BETWEEN SUNBURST AND CARTHAGE 62A
text: MAGIC HOUR. TELEPHOTO LENS. The harvesting convoy rolls
text: toward us like a herd of mammoths.
dialog: 44A-45.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. CARTHAGE - NIGHT (LATE SEPTEMBER 1990) 63
text: A series of silent, quaint establishing tableaus.
dialog: (Director's Note: Condor above street)
text: It's a sleepy little town. Population: 274. Cluster of
text: clapboard houses, tiny yards, and weathered brick
text: storefronts rising humbly from the immensity of the
text: northern plains. Stately rows of cottonwoods shade a
text: grid of streets, seldom disturbed by moving vehicles.
text: From UNDER CAMERA, the series of tableaus is interrupted
text: as the convoy roars into our frame from BENEATH CAMERA.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 63A INT. WAYNE'S TRUCK 63A
text: In the passenger seat, Chris is glowing at his new
text: surroundings. Wayne picks up the CB radio.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Okay Kevin, get all the machines back to
dialog: the elevator. I'm gonna show Chris to
dialog: his room.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (O.S.)
dialog: (over CB)
dialog: I've got dibs on that shower, that
dialog: shower's all me.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: First come, first serve buddy.
text: Wayne signs off and veers off the road.
speaker_heading: 64 OMITTED 64
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: 65 OMITTED 65
scene_heading: 66 EXT. WESTERBERG'S CARTHAGE HOME - NIGHT 66
text: A two-story Victorian in the Queen Anne style. Wayne
text: veers his truck into the front yard, parking under the
text: big cottonwood that towers above.
scene_heading: SHORT TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 67 INT. WESTERBERG'S CARTHAGE HOME - SAME 67
text: Chris follows Wayne up the narrow stairwell.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: (carrying Chris' pack for
dialog: him)
dialog: Come on up in here. This'll be your room
dialog: for as long as you hang about.
text: Wayne opens the door at the top of the stairs.
scene_heading: 68 INT. CHRIS' ROOM, WESTERBERG'S CARTHAGE HOME - SAME 68
text: Wayne plops Chris' pack beside a single bed in the tiny
text: but comfortable room. Chris enters, very happy with his
dialog: new quarters.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Shower's down the hall. If you hurry you
dialog: can beat the rest of the boys to it. But
dialog: you do want to grab a shower cause we're
text: all heading over to the Cabaret in
dialog: exactly thirty-six minutes. So, get your
text: dancing shoes on. There's foo-foo in the
dialog: medicine cabinet. I think it's Brut.
text: (slaps his own face as if
dialog: he's putting on cologne)
dialog: Then you want to put your charm in
dialog: overdrive cause we like to PAH-TAY!
text: Wayne gives Chris a wink and exits, shutting the door
text: behind him.
text: Chris takes in his new surroundings. He's on a work crew
text: and he likes it. Chris makes the move for the shower but
text: by the time he opens his door to the hall, all the other
text: crew members are barreling up the stairs in front of
text: them, clamoring for dibs (Chris' POV)
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: I got first!
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: (in a kid voice)
dialog: You had first last night!
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: (entering the bathroom)
dialog: Well, if you wanna wash my back,
dialog: cowboy...
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: You go ahead, fairy. Just don't use all
dialog: the soap.
dialog: 48.
dialog: ANGLE: Chris. He gets a kick out of these guys. He
text: closes the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 69 INT. CABARET BAR, CARTHAGE - NIGHT 69
text: The Jack Daniels is flowing. Wayne's crew drinks,
text: smokes, and strikes out with every fat woman in the
text: place. GAIL BORAH, an on-again, off-again girlfriend of
text: Wayne's tends bar. A petite sad-eyed woman, slight as a
text: heron, delicate features and long blond hair. Wayne and
text: Chris sit at the end of the bar.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Alex, this is Gail . This is the one to
dialog: go to for that White Russian you've been
dialog: wanting. Of course the quid pro quo can
dialog: be hazardous.
speaker_heading: GAIL
dialog: Shut up, Wayne.
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: You want a White Russian, sweetie?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Yes please, ma'am.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yes please, ma'am?
text: Wayne slaps Chris on the back.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ain't he great?
speaker_heading: GAIL
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: Don't pay any attention to him.
text: With that Wayne reaches over the bar, grabs Gail and
text: gets her in a lip-lock, to which she ultimately gives in.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 70 INT. CABARET BAR, CARTHAGE - LATER 70
text: Wayne and Chris are both drunk.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Anything to do with hunting, preserving
dialog: the meat, smoking it or whatever, you
dialog: talk to Kevin over there. That's your
dialog: man.
text: ANGLE: KEVIN. He looks every bit the Grizzly Adams part.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: Outdoors-man. What's the interest in all
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm thinking about going to Alaska.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Alaska, Alaska? Or city Alaska? The
dialog: city Alaska does have markets.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: (with a drunken, excited
dialog: energy)
dialog: No, Alaska, Alaska. I want to be all the
dialog: way out there. On my own. No map. No
dialog: watch. No axe. Just out there. Big
dialog: mountains, rivers, sky. Game. Just be
text: out there in it. In the wild.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
text: In the wild.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah. Maybe write a book about my
dialog: travels. About getting out of this sick
dialog: society.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: (coughing)
dialog: Society, right.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Because you know what I don't understand?
dialog: I don't understand why, why people are so
dialog: bad to each other, so often. It just
dialog: doesn't make any sense to me. Judgement.
dialog: Control. All that.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Who "people" we talking about?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You know, parents and hypocrites.
dialog: Politicians and pricks.
dialog: 50.
text: Chris is clearly troubled by his own words. Wayne leans
dialog: into Chris.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: (tapping a long finger
dialog: against Chris' forehead)
dialog: This is a mistake. It's a mistake to get
dialog: too deep into that kind of stuff. Alex,
dialog: you're a helluva young guy, but I promise
dialog: you this: You're a young guy. Blood and
dialog: fire! You're juggling blood and fire!
speaker_heading: GAIL
dialog: (chimes in)
dialog: Who are you to be giving advice to
dialog: anybody?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Blood and fire...What? Mr. Happy.
dialog: That's who I am. Gimme a kiss.
text: Gail pushes him off with mock disgust.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
text: (mock opening his zipper, in
dialog: a high-pitched voice)
dialog: Come on, give Mr. Happy a kiss!
text: On the television above the bar appears Reverend Jesse
text: Jackson. We can't hear him but we can see him. Chris
text: points at the television and yells out to the entire bar
dialog: of cowboys and ranch hands -
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Now, that's who could be President!
text: Wayne buries his face in his hands.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 71 INT. CHRIS' ROOM, WESTERBERG'S CARTHAGE HOME - DAWN 71
text: Chris is sacked out from his night of drinking when -
text: BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
text: The door knocks blast into Chris' head. He awakens to
text: Wayne opening his bedroom door. Wayne, despite his own
text: drinking the night before, is wide awake and fresh as a
dialog: daisy.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Workin' time!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 72 EXT. GRAIN ELEVATOR - SUNRISE' 72
text: All the boys are hard at it, including Chris and Wayne.
text: Wayne moves to Chris' side.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: So, what do you think about all this?
dialog: (The working life)
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I like all this.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 73 EXT. GRAIN ELEVATOR - DAY - LUNCH BREAK 73
text: While Wayne and most of the crew get a little rest in the
text: shade of the grain elevator and eat their lunches, Chris
text: and Kevin are deep in a bald patch in the field.
text: Kevin is taking Chris through the paces of smoking and
text: curing meat in the wilds. Chris listens and takes notes.
dialog: (Director's note: Cast a "Kevin" who knows this shit and
text: shoot it as a dialogue scene as well as a silent
dialog: tableau.)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 74 INT. CABARET BAR, CARTHAGE - NIGHT 74
text: The place is packed and Chris is taking over the piano,
dialog: surprising everyone with a tremendous talent. Segueing
dialog: from honky-tonk country to ragtime, he's become the life
dialog: of the party.
dialog: The MUSIC continues OVER:
scene_heading: 75 EXT. GRAIN ELEVATOR - DAY 75
dialog: All the men of Wayne's crew (who by now we've come to
text: know) and Chris are working their asses off.
text: POST LAP MUSIC FADES OUT as we:
dialog: 52.
text: INTERCUT the crew at work with a SERIES OF MYSTERY
text: ANGLES: Tires kicking up dust on dirt roads, through
text: town, and into the field behind the grain elevator. Back
text: to the work, back to the tires. Back to the work, back
text: to these several cars hauling ass through the field.
text: Back to Wayne, up high in the grain elevator -
speaker_heading: WAYNE
text: (to Chris, as he lowers
dialog: himself down the man-lift)
dialog: I gotta take a piss.
text: Chris' POV: from high in the grain elevator. He watches
text: Wayne below, as Wayne saunters out to the field to take a
text: piss. With his back to us, Wayne whips it out and starts
text: pissing about 25 yards from the grain elevator.
text: CU Wayne. He looks up from his urination, the grain
text: elevator behind him. We see a slight mischievous smile
text: come to his face. He puts his hands up into the air when
dialog: suddenly -
text: Six unmarked FBI vehicles surround him.
dialog: (Director's note: Triangulate three long lenses on Wayne
text: as the mysterious cars enter each frame, as they skid to
text: a dusty stop on all sides of him.)
text: Chris and the men of his crew look on.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: I warned him about those little black
dialog: boxes.
text: As Wayne is handcuffed and led away, he nods up to his
dialog: boys.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: (to arresting agent)
dialog: You wanna get that zipper for me?
text: (and then calling out to his
dialog: crew)
dialog: Sorry boys. Gonna have to shut down for
dialog: a while. Alex! You come back and work
dialog: for me anytime.
dialog: (to Chris and the men)
dialog: Gail's got all your checks, guys. I
dialog: shouldn't be away too long.
text: With that, the FBI agents have hustled the good-natured
text: Wayne into the back of one of the cars.
dialog: 53.
text: As they take off into the distance, we move in on Chris,
text: bemused.
speaker_heading: GAIL (O.S.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
dialog: Where are you gonna go?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76 INT. CABARET BAR, CARTHAGE - LATE AFTERNOON 76
text: Chris sits at the end of the bar with Gail Borah.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I've been thinking a lot about Alaska.
speaker_heading: GAIL
dialog: Alaska? What kind of nut-nut are you?
dialog: Alex, it's October for Christ's sake.
dialog: You go to Alaska, you go in the Spring.
dialog: This time of year you wanna head south.
dialog: Personally, I like Las Vegas. One-armed
dialog: bandit. That's what I like.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, maybe I ought to put off going to
dialog: Alaska, at least so I can get settled up
dialog: there in decent weather.
speaker_heading: GAIL
dialog: South. You want to go south. You want
dialog: me to take you out to the highway?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (putting on his cowboy)
dialog: Little lady, I walked in, I can walk out.
text: He puts a few bills down on the bar, saddles up his
text: backpack, and gives Gail a hug.
speaker_heading: GAIL
dialog: You take care of yourself now, Alex. You
dialog: got a whole family here depending on it.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I will. Thanks Gail . And tell Wayne,
dialog: I'll drop him a line.
text: He gives her a kiss on the cheek and he's off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: 77 EXT. CARTHAGE STREETS 77
dialog: Empty Carthage streets but for Christopher Johnson
text: McCandless walking off as we CRANE UP.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 78 EXT. HIGHWAY BETWEEN CARTHAGE, SD AND THE GRAND CANYON - 78
speaker_heading: NIGHT (OCTOBER 28 1990)
text: Chris has hitched a ride with a long-haul trucker.
text: SERIES OF ANGLES: MUSIC OVER: Traveling shots.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 79 EXT. COLORADO RIVER, STRETCH OF THE GRAND CANYON - DAY 79
text: Chris disembarks the long-haulers truck, waves a goodbye,
text: and the truck moves on.
text: SERIES OF ANGLES: Chris walking south through the desert
text: following the river bank. He covers twelve miles before
text: he arrives in an Arizona town, a dusty weigh-in station.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. ARIZONA TOWN - NIGHT 80
text: The town is quiet but along the storefront lane where
text: Chris walks, he comes upon a sporting goods store. In
text: the window, a fiberglass river kayak. Chris stares at
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 81 EXT. INTERSTATE UNDERPASS - NIGHT 81
text: We HEAR passing cars humming above. Chris has set up
text: camp and he's digging in the dirt. He buries many of his
text: belongings. He makes sure he's got his check from
text: working with Wayne in his pocket. He packs only the
text: essential items, burying all else. He gets into his
text: sleeping bag and goes to sleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: 81A EXT. LEE'S FERRY ROAD - DAY 81A
text: Chris backpacks past the mushroom rock forms at the
text: entrance of Lee's Ferry.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 82 INT. RANGER'S STATION - LEE'S FERRY - DAY 82
text: Chris approaches the GREEN-SUITED FUNCTIONARY at the
text: front desk.
speaker_heading: GREEN SUIT
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah. If I wanted to paddle down the
dialog: river, where's the best place to launch
dialog: out of?
speaker_heading: GREEN SUIT
dialog: "To launch out of?" What's your
dialog: experience level?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Not much.
speaker_heading: GREEN SUIT
dialog: Any? Do you have a permit?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: A permit for what?
speaker_heading: GREEN SUIT
dialog: You can't paddle down the river without a
dialog: permit. If you like, you can apply for
dialog: one here, get yourself some experience,
dialog: and I'll put you on the wait-list.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Wait-list? To paddle down a river?
speaker_heading: GREEN SUIT
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: Well, how long do you have to wait?
speaker_heading: GREEN SUIT
dialog: I've got an opening May 2003.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Twelve years?
speaker_heading: GREEN SUIT
dialog: Well, you could always join a commercial
text: raft trip and go with a licensed guide.
dialog: They usually have a few last minute
dialog: cancellations. I think it's about two-
dialog: thousand dollars.
text: Chris busts a gut.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Thanks for your help.
text: The Green Suit eyes Chris' departure with suspicion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 83 EXT. COLORADO RIVER - DAY 83
text: Chris stands beside a dramatic section of rapids. The
text: whitewater roars.
text: As we SLOWLY ZOOM INTO Chris' face, terrified and
text: absorbed by the torrent, a bead of sweat drops across his
text: forehead, TILTS OUR CAMERA to his trembling hands and
text: legs, when Peter Gabriel's I Have The Touch begins to
dialog: play.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
text: ZOOM INTO Chris' face...a decision:
dialog: Fear becomes determination
text: We SMASH CUT ON CUE with Peter Gabriel's vocals. SLO MO,
text: SUPER DRAMATIC - Chris blasting out of a shoot in the
dialog: rapids in the kayak we saw the night before. It's
text: outrageous. Hair-raising. Just like Peter Gabriel sings
dialog: it, he has the touch.
dialog: This kid's never kayaked before, certainly never on
dialog: rapids. But it's that immortal stage of life, no care,
text: no helmet, no life-jacket, pure adrenaline. He can
text: hardly believe he's surviving it as he goes but there's
text: no looking back now. And with every thump of the music,
text: we share his rush. His pure unadulterated exhilaration.
text: With the culmination of the music, Chris has successfully
text: shot the rapid. He paddles through quiet waters.
dialog: 57.
text: We move in on him as he maneuvers the kayak to face
text: upstream. There before him, the impossible rapid he had
dialog: just completed.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I'm Superman. SuperTramp.
text: He feels immortal. He makes his about-face and is about
text: to head down stream when he sees at the river's edge, a
text: group of RIVER TOURISTS and their GUIDE lunching beside a
text: pontoon raft. The tourists look like a bunch of
text: bewildered tubby-troopers in their misfitted orange life-
text: vests and cereal bowl helmets. The RIVER GUIDE yells out
text: at Chris as Chris moves PAST CAMERA and away. The guide
text: gets on his satellite phone to alert the Rangers. We
text: ZOOM SLOWLY away from them toward the rapid.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 84 EXT. ANOTHER QUIET SECTION OF RIVER - LATER 84
text: Phillip Glass' Cloudscape plays OVER: Chris paddles on.
text: LOW ANGLE: It is a narrow gorge of solid rock, looking up
text: from hundreds of feet below the canyon crest.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 85 EXT. FURTHER ALONG THE RIVER - LATER 85
text: The canyon has widened to beach-like banks. Music FADES.
text: Along the banks he sees a YOUNG BLONDE COUPLE. This is
text: MADS and SONJA, in their 20's, Danish. They play at the
text: river's edge beside their campsite, hotdogs cooking on a
text: Hibachi. Chris averts his eyes when Sonja rises from the
text: water, topless.
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: (yelling out to Chris)
dialog: Hello!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: You can join us!
text: Chris doesn't know quite what to do. But Mads seems
text: quite comfortable inviting a stranger into the presence
text: of his topless girlfriend.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: MADS (CONT'D)
dialog: We have hotdogs!
text: Chris - can't turn that down! He paddles to within feet
text: of the water's edge.
speaker_heading: MADS (CONT'D)
dialog: I am Mads.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hi. Alex.
speaker_heading: SONJA
dialog: I am Sonja.
text: Chris gives Sonja a little wave. She bypasses it, wading
text: up to the Kayak, giving him a big hug.
speaker_heading: SONJA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello Alex.
dialog: This couple is extremely energetic. Can't wait to
dialog: please. And a bona fide American adventurer in their
dialog: midst. It's everything they could've wanted.
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: We are from Copenhagen. And you are from
dialog: the rapids.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: SONJA
dialog: My Got!
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: Crazy man. You're a crazy man! Sonja,
dialog: he is a crazy man.
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: I'll make you a hotdog.
text: Mads grabs a hotdog from the Hibachi.
speaker_heading: MADS (CONT'D)
dialog: Just one minute. One minute...
text: Sonja has moved to the tent to put on a dry T-shirt. But
text: as she moves back to the water's edge, those nipples keep
dialog: saying Hello.
text: Chris, meanwhile, simply cannot wipe the smile off his
text: face in the presence of these warm, open people.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: MADS (CONT'D)
dialog: I love this. Don't you love this? This
dialog: is nature. We see it in the American
dialog: movies. How come you're crazy?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Because that's crazy! You come down the
dialog: rapids. What do you want on your hotdog?
dialog: Mustard and relish?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You have ketchup?
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: No, I have mustard and relish.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Mustard and relish it is then.
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: Sonja, you want a hotdog?
speaker_heading: SONJA
dialog: (in Danish)
dialog: Of course I want a hotdog. Why are you
dialog: stupid?
text: Mads plops two more hotdogs onto the grill.
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: (translating)
dialog: She asked me why I'm stupid. And I say,
dialog: well...like I ask you why you're crazy
dialog: and you say "well." Where are you going?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I haven't decided.
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: We like it here very much. We went to
dialog: Los Angeles. And then, we went to Las
dialog: Vegas.
speaker_heading: SONJA
dialog: Las Vegas is very nice. The universe is
dialog: very good.
dialog: 59A.
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: And then, we come here. Maybe you go to
dialog: Mexico.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: MADS (CONT'D)
dialog: You can take kayak around Lake Mead and
dialog: then take the river down to Mexico.
dialog: Chris likes the idea.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How far are we from Lake Mead?
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: Sonja, how far is Hoover Dam?
text: Sonja grabs a map from the tent, opens and scrutinizes
text: it. We follow her finger tracing the river.
speaker_heading: SONJA
dialog: Maybe three hundred thirty
text: kilometers...like two hundred miles.
text: Sonja walks the map over to Chris at water's edge and
text: hands it to him. He studies it.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Man, I wonder if I could go all the way
text: down into the Gulf of California.
text: Chris traces his finger along the impossibly long route
text: leading to El Golfo de Santa Clara.
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: (entering the water with
dialog: Chris' hotdog)
dialog: I go with you. We leave Sonja here. You
dialog: and me in kayak - we go to Mexico.
speaker_heading: SONJA
dialog: (in Danish)
dialog: You're embarrassing. Idiot.
text: Mads with a burst of re-exhilaration, grabs Chris' hand,
text: shaking it violently.
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: I like the meeting you.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Thank you. I'm very happy to meet both
dialog: of you too.
text: Sonja heads back for her hotdog taking her T-shirt off on
text: the move. Chris is about to bust a gut. Sonja returns
text: to her sunbathing. These two are a hoot.
dialog: 60A.
text: Just then, something catches Chris' attention upriver.
text: We can just barely make out the SOUNDS of a jet boat
text: motor. His eyes narrow a bit, then -
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, guys I really appreciate the
dialog: hospitality but I wanna make camp down-
dialog: river a ways so I better take off before
dialog: dark.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 86 EXT. COLORADO RIVER - MOMENTS LATER 86
text: Chris, back in the kayak is paddling down river. Mads
text: and Sonja on the bank, wave a boisterous goodbye. And
text: they just keep waving. And Chris keeps waving until he
text: has drifted out of sight, when around the upriver bend
text: arrive the RIVER PATROL.
text: At river's edge, Mads, thinking quickly, waves for their
text: attention. Pointing the river patrol back upriver, he
dialog: yells:
speaker_heading: MADS
dialog: He went thattaway! The crazy man - he
dialog: went thattaway!
text: And miraculously, the river patrol makes an about face
text: and heads in the opposite direction of Chris. Suddenly
dialog: Sonja thinks Mads is the most clever man on earth. As
text: she jumps his bones right there on the river's edge -
speaker_heading: SONJA
dialog: Just like in the movies.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 87 EXT. DESERT ROAD, NEAR HOOVER DAM - DAY 87
text: Chris and the kayak are in the back of a pick-up truck
text: heading down river by road. We pass the Hoover Dam.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: It would be Christmas in a couple of
dialog: months. And the last news we'd had was
dialog: about his car being found. I woke up a
dialog: couple of days ago, and for the first
dialog: time, I was surprised to realize that it
dialog: wasn't only my parents who hadn't heard
dialog: from Chris. I wondered why he hadn't
dialog: tried to call in case I might answer. He
dialog: could've hung up if it wasn't me.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. COLORADO RIVER, TOPOCK, ARIZONA - DAY 88
text: Chris is re-stocked on some food items which he packs in
text: his bag and shoves into the bow of the kayak. This lower
dialog: stretch of the river has little in common with the
text: unbridled torrent that explodes through the Grand Canyon.
text: Emasculated by dams and diversion canals, the lower
text: Colorado burbles indolently from reservoir to reservoir,
text: through some of the hottest, starkest, most austere
dialog: country on the continent.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: But why he didn't send a letter, maybe
dialog: through a friend. I got mad. But I told
dialog: myself it was good. It made me remember
dialog: that there was something more than
dialog: rebellion, more than anger that was
dialog: driving him. Chris had always been
dialog: driven, had always been an adventurer.
dialog: When he was four years old...
scene_heading: 89 EXT. DARK NEIGHBORHOOD STREET - NIGHT 89
dialog: Chris at age four.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: ...he once wandered six blocks away from
text: home at three o'clock in the morning.
scene_heading: 90 INT. NEIGHBOR'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 90
text: Four-year old Chris opening a kitchen drawer.
speaker_heading: CARINE
text: He was found in a neighbor's kitchen, up
text: on a chair, digging into their candy
dialog: drawer.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. COLORADO RIVER, TOPOCK ARIZONA - DAY 91
text: As Chris paddles downstream with Mexico in his sights, he
text: is stirred by the saline beauty and the clean slant of
dialog: light.
text: (Director's Note: ANGLE over Chris ONTO water reflecting
text: the landscape and diamond flashes of sunlight.)
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: Whatever drawer he was opening now must
dialog: have something sweet in it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 91A EXT. COLORADO RIVER, TOPOCK ARIZONA - DAY 91A
text: Chris floats in SLO-MO through the air, his hair wisping
text: skyward.
dialog: 63A.
text: As he pierces feet first, a clear blue surface of the
text: river's water, CAMERA goes UNDERWATER with him and
text: follows him in CU as he surfaces, jubilant in the beauty
text: of the Topock gorge. He shakes the water out of his
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 92 EXT. COLORADO RIVER, TOPOCK ARIZONA - DAY 92
dialog: 64.
text: Chris continuing down river through the Imperial National
text: Wildlife Refuge, drifting past saguaros and alkali flats.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 92A EXT. IMPERIAL NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE - DAY 92A
text: Chris, on a day hike, the river behind him, he (TELEFOTO
text: LENS played in beautific BACK LIGHT) tracks a herd of
dialog: wild horses.
text: ANGLE: Chris: The herd moves in an S-pattern. Chris runs
text: beside them and in our LONG LENS PERSPECTIVE, he seems to
dialog: be among them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 93 EXT. RIVER CAMPSITE - NIGHT 93
text: Chris sits outside his tent, beside a campfire scrawling
text: a letter. His "bought-food" bounty in evidence.
text: The words APPEAR ON SCREEN in his handwriting OVER THE
speaker_heading: IMAGE:
text: WAYNE, SOMETIMES I WISH I HADN'T MET YOU. TRAMPING IS
text: TOO EASY WITH ALL THIS MONEY. MY DAYS WERE MORE EXCITING
text: WHEN I WAS PENNILESS AND HAD TO FORAGE AROUND FOR MY NEXT
text: MEAL. I COULDN'T MAKE IT NOW WITHOUT MONEY HOWEVER...
scene_heading: 94 EXT. YUMA POST OFFICE - DAY 94
speaker_heading: CONTINUE letter OVER:
text: ...AS THERE IS LITTLE FRUITING AGRICULTURE DOWN HERE AT
scene_heading: THIS TIME.
text: Chris moves up the steps of the post office with an
text: enveloped letter in hand.
speaker_heading: CONTINUE letter OVER:
text: I'VE DECIDED THAT I'M GOING TO LIVE THIS LIFE FOR SOME
text: TIME TO COME. THE FREEDOM AND SIMPLE BEAUTY OF IT IS
text: JUST TOO GOOD TO PASS UP...
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: 95 INT YUMA POST OFFICE - DAY 95
text: Chris is in the elegant, 1930's-style post office buying
dialog: a stamp.
speaker_heading: CONTINUE letter OVER:
text: ONE DAY I'LL BE ABLE TO REPAY SOME OF YOUR KINDNESS. A
scene_heading: CASE OF JACK DANIELS, MAYBE? TILL THEN, I'LL ALWAYS
text: THINK OF YOU AS A FRIEND...
text: Chris licks the stamp.
dialog: Continue letter on screen:
dialog: GOD BLESS YOU, ALEXANDER.
text: The stamp comes down onto an envelope addressed:
speaker_heading: WAYNE WESTERBERG
speaker_heading: C/O GLORY HOUSE
scene_heading: SIOUX FALLS WORK RELEASE FACILITY
speaker_heading: SIOUX FALLS, SD 57104
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 95A EXT. THE SAND DUNES ON THE AMERICAN SIDE OF MEXICAN 95A
speaker_heading: BORDER - DAY
text: Chris ports his kayak over the dunes, snaking a scar
text: through the sand in his wake. Mexico in his sights.
dialog: POV: Morelos Dam at the Mexican border.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. MORELOS DAM AT THE MEXICAN BORDER - DAY (DECEMBER 96
dialog: 2ND, 1990)
text: Careful not to be seen, Chris shoves off, just upriver
dialog: from the dam/border.
text: The floodgates are open just enough to allow Chris to lay
text: back in the kayak and drift prone under the gate. He
text: sits back up and paddles through having passed the
text: border, either unnoticed or ignored by patrols.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 65A.
scene_heading: 97 INT. IMMIGRATION OFFICE - NIGHT 97
text: A television set with George Bush plays. SOUNDS of
dialog: typewriters.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION OFFICER (V.O.)
dialog: Why'd you go to Mexico?
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I thought I'd run the whole river into
dialog: the Sea of Cortez. The stupid dams dried
dialog: it up.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. 50 MILES SOUTH OF THE MEXICAN BORDER 98
text: Chris is kayaking. He dead ends in a reeded tributary.
speaker_heading: 99 OMITTED 99
scene_heading: 100 INT. IMMIGRATION OFFICE (CONTINUED) 100
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION OFFICER (V.O.)
dialog: How long were you on your own down there?
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: 36 days.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION OFFICER (V.O.)
dialog: How'd you know?
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
text: Fingers and toes.
text: We see Chris' fingers and toes. (DOWN ANGLE into
dialog: interrogation room)
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: After the river dried up, I ported the
dialog: kayak and got a lift to Golfo.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. FISHING VILLAGE, EL GOLFO DE SANTA CLARA - DAY 101
text: We see Chris jump down off the back of the duck hunter's
text: truck. He slides the kayak off the truck bed onto the
text: street. Chris goes into his pocket, pulls out a sealed
text: sandwich bag of cash. He tries to pay the hunters for
text: their time but they refuse the money. Nonetheless, Chris
text: is insistent and they relent.
text: Chris pulls his backpack from inside the bow and saddles
text: it up on his shoulders. The hunters pull away.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 102 EXT. EL GOLFO DE SANTA CLARA 102
text: (1000mm lens) LOW ANGLE: SAND AND HEAT WAVES IN
text: FOREGROUND AND BACKGROUND: Chris, paddling his kayak
text: toward us, seemingly in the sand dunes. As we BOOM UP
text: SLIGHTLY, we see that there is a bend in the water's edge
text: and that he is in fact, paddling in the crystalline blue
dialog: of the Gulf.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I paddled south about 20 miles.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. EL GOLFO DE SANTA CLARA 103
text: UNDER-WATER SHOT: We are directly UNDER the passing kayak
text: as it slices the water's surface above us. We BACKFLIP
text: the CAMERA as it passes.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: That's when I saw the cave and everything
text: went upside down.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. EL GOLFO DE SANTA CLARA 104
text: See the ocean and sand, wind whipping them. CAMERA PULLS
text: BACK to reveal Chris in a cave where he has made camp;
text: watching, waiting.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: A sandstorm hit and I was pretty much
dialog: stuck. My kayak blew away, so I left it
text: and walked up the beach, hitched back
dialog: north, and here I am.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 105 OMITTED 105
speaker_heading: 106 OMITTED 106
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 107 OMITTED 107
speaker_heading: 108 OMITTED 108
speaker_heading: 109 OMITTED 109
speaker_heading: 110 OMITTED 110
speaker_heading: 111 OMITTED 111
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 112 OMITTED 112
speaker_heading: 113 OMITTED 113
speaker_heading: 114 OMITTED 114
scene_heading: 115 INT. IMMIGRATION OFFICE - NIGHT 115
text: Chris sits with the IMMIGRATION OFFICER.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION OFFICER
dialog: 36 days, wow. I guess they're gonna have
dialog: to watch that spillway a little better.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What they ought to do is open up the dams
dialog: and let the rivers flow.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION OFFICER
dialog: I can't disagree with you on that. Okay,
dialog: Alexander SuperTramp. I think we're
dialog: gonna let you out of here shortly but
dialog: you've got two working weeks to get an ID
dialog: card in the United States. You can't be
dialog: crossing these borders without
dialog: identification, are we understood?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yes, sir. I've eaten enough sand to send
dialog: me back to the city anyway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 116 EXT. TRAIN YARD, SOMEWHERE NEAR ALGODONES - NIGHT 116
text: A freight train cranks up its great engines and starts
dialog: its move west.
text: Chris POV: We see a BULL (hobo slang for a railway
text: security guard) making his rounds. As the bull
text: disappears around the caboose, and the trains motion
text: picks up, Chris appears from behind a fuel pump. He
text: makes his move in the shadows to the passing freight
text: cars, not quite sure how to board them. He begins to
text: slowly jog beside the train. There is a vertical steel
text: rod on each passing car. He times the train by putting
text: his hand out and letting the vertical rods slap it.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (counting)
dialog: One...Two...Three -
dialog: 71A.
text: And with that he accelerates to a run, throws his pack
text: into the moving freight car before him, simultaneously
text: leaping up to grab the rail and throw himself into the
dialog: car.
dialog: 72.
text: But his left foot misses and he's suddenly dangling from
text: the moving train. He grabs hand over hand on the rail.
text: ANGLE: Dangling feet and razor sharp wheels.
text: ANGLE: Chris. He puts everything into pulling himself
text: up, growling the strength into his muscles finally...
scene_heading: 117 INT. FREIGHT CAR - NIGHT 117
text: As Chris rolls forward into the car -- he made it!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: As Alexander Supertramp returns to
dialog: civilization...a hobo.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'm a for real hobo.
text: He's very happy about this (despite the near surrender of
text: it.) Chris uses his pack as a pillow, lays back on it and
text: begins to sing Roger Miller's King of the Road.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 118 EXT. FREIGHT TRAIN - NIGHT 118
text: We TRACK with train by HELICOPTER as we SEGUE from Chris'
dialog: rendition of King of the Road to Roger Miller's. We let
text: the train get away from us and disappear.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 119 EXT. TRAIN YARD, LOS ANGELES - DAY (FEBRUARY 3, 1991) 119
text: Chris' train pulls into the yard. Bulls and loaders
text: greet the train. Chris jumps off and breaks for the
text: fence unseen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 120 OMITTED 120
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: 121 EXT. DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES - EARLY EVENING (STILL LIGHT) 121
text: The streets are crowded with business people on their way
text: to homes and happy hours, buses and parking garages,
text: showers and comforts. Among the throngs, we find Chris
text: walking up Grand Street, backpack on his shoulders. We
dialog: find he is not such an unusual sight, there are homeless
text: to the left and homeless to the right.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 122 EXT. MIDNIGHT MISSION, LOS ANGELES - NIGHT 122
text: Chris walks in.
scene_heading: 123 INT. REGISTRATION DESK, MIDNIGHT MISSION - SAME 123
dialog: (Reminder: Condition of Mission is circa 1991)
text: Chris stands at the registration desk talking with a a
scene_heading: HEAVY-SET BLACK FEMALE SOCIAL WORKER.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Can you tell me how to get an ID card?
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: Did you lose your identification sir?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: No birth certificate? Nothing?
text: Chris shakes his head apologetically.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER (CONT'D)
dialog: Ouch. Alright. Well you're gonna have
dialog: to work that out with the DMV. You can
dialog: catch them in the morning.
text: The social worker begins to write an address on a piece
dialog: of paper.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER (CONT'D)
dialog: The closest one is Montebello and we can
dialog: help you with a bus voucher.
text: She hands the Montebello address to Chris.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER (CONT'D)
dialog: So, just come to this desk when you need
dialog: the voucher.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: And, if I want to apply for a job
dialog: somewhere, can you help me with that?
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: If you know how to cook, we might have a
dialog: space for you in our mobile kitchen. But
dialog: I'll have to talk to my supervisor about
dialog: it in the morning.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Alright then. Thank you. Oh, one last
dialog: thing. Do you have a bed for me?
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: (handing him a form)
dialog: Sure. Just fill this in and I'll get you
text: all set up.
text: Chris begins filling in the form.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: 124 INT. MIDNIGHT MISSION DORM, LOS ANGELES 124
text: Throughout the next two scenes, there is steady HONKING
scene_heading: of CAR HORNS, WAILING of POLICE SIRENS, AMBIENT HOSTILE
text: BANTER, GRINDING ENGINES OF BUSES, puffs of diesel
dialog: exhaust choke us.
text: 300 HOMELESS occupy nearly as many beds in the dorm.
text: Chris searches the locker wall for his assigned locker.
text: When he comes upon it, he double checks the number with
text: that on the key, opens it, and puts his backpack inside.
text: CU: The lock, as Chris closes and secures his locker.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 125 EXT. LOS ANGELES STREETS - 6TH AND WALL - NIGHT 125
text: Chris walking among the hordes of homeless at 6th and
text: Wall streets. Open fires burn in front of cardboard
text: shacks. There are blacks, whites, Mexicans, even
text: families with children, junkies, winos, hustlers, and
dialog: hookers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 126 EXT. LOS ANGELES STREETS - BROADWAY - NIGHT 126
text: NEW ANGLE: Chris walking down Broadway. This is clearly
text: just blocks away from where we last saw him, yet the
text: atmosphere is as if of a different world. One of those
text: downtown LA hip yuppie blocks. He comes upon a bar.
text: Through the window Chris sees young men and women roughly
text: his own age - working people, suits, gold-chainers.
text: Metallica blares on the sound system.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 127 INT. MIDNIGHT MISSION DORM, LOS ANGELES 127
text: Same CU on locker as before, but this time it's being
dialog: opened.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 75A.
scene_heading: 128 INT. REGISTRATION DESK, MIDNIGHT MISSION 128
text: We don't even see Chris but the camera is his POV as he
dialog: passes the social worker (same as before) The social
text: worker catches a thrown key.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: You leaving us so soon? I know them DMV
dialog: lines are long...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 129 EXT. MIDNIGHT MISSION, LOS ANGELES - NIGHT 129
text: (Director's Note: Traffic and pedestrians move in an
text: accelerated speed while Chris moves nearly in slo-
dialog: motion.)
text: Chris exits the building into CU. He looks left, then
text: right, then directly into camera.
speaker_heading: CHAPTER 3: MANHOOD
speaker_heading: FADE OUT/IN:
speaker_heading: 130 OMITTED 130
scene_heading: 131 EXT. TRAIN TRACKS OUTSIDE LOS ANGELES - NIGHT 131
text: Chris' train barrels along.
scene_heading: 132 INT. TRAIN CAR - NIGHT 132
text: Chris goes into his pack, grabs his canteen and drinks
text: some water. Mid-sip, the train begins to make a
text: surprising stop. Screeching wheels on track. Chris is
text: alarmed. As he moves to peer out the door, even before
dialog: he has a chance to see what's coming -- WHAM! He's
text: smashed in the head with a baton. A BULL jumps into the
text: car with him.
speaker_heading: BULL #2
dialog: Lay down on your stomach, spread eagle!
dialog: 77.
text: Chris turns to reason with the man. And that's all it
text: takes -- six straight blows to the ribs, legs, and arms.
text: We hear it more than we see it. Chris is in agony.
speaker_heading: BULL #2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me see your face.
text: The bull shines a flashlight into Chris' eyes.
speaker_heading: BULL #2 (CONT'D)
dialog: I never, ever, ever forget a face. If I
dialog: see yours again, I won't arrest you.
dialog: I'll kill you. This is the god-damned
dialog: railroad. And we will do whatever we
dialog: have to, to keep you freeloaders from
dialog: violating our liability.
text: Chris is trying to understand what the man is saying.
speaker_heading: BULL #2 (CONT'D)
dialog: If one of you people gets hurt on our
dialog: train, we are liable. Do you understand
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (despite the violent irony)
dialog: I'm sorry, sir.
speaker_heading: BULL #2
dialog: You have I.D.?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: BULL #2
dialog: Of course you don't.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 133 EXT. TRAIN - NIGHT 133
text: Chris is pushed off the train, his pack thrown out after
text: him. The bull jumps down beside the track as well and
text: walks down track away from Chris, signalling an "all
text: clear" with his flashlight to some unseen engineer.
speaker_heading: BULL #2
dialog: (to Chris over his shoulder)
dialog: Last time, my friend.
dialog: 78.
text: Chris stumbles to his feet. The pain of the beating is
text: real. He bleeds from the back of his ear. But he can
dialog: walk. And he does.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 134 EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY - DAY 134
text: Chris sits on his pack on the roadside, hitchhiking and
text: eating from a can of beans he opened with his
text: pocketknife. The odd car passes but doesn't stop.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 135 EXT. ARIZONA INTERSTATE OVERPASS - NIGHT 135
text: Chris hops out of a Camaro that gave him a ride. The
text: lighting is anonymous and so is the driver.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Thanks very much.
text: He closes the door and the car drives off. We follow
text: Chris as he goes to the overpass edge. He drops his pack
text: over the side. Chris climbs down the edge of the
text: overpass, grabs his pack, and scurries into the UNDERPASS
text: below. (We suddenly recognize this as his pre-river run
dialog: campsite)
text: He digs up his buried belongings, returning them to his
text: pack. Last to come out of the ground, Chris' copy of
text: Jack London's Call of the Wild. He pulls off a temp
text: wrapping and dusts it off.
text: Chris lights his candle lantern and begins to read.
scene_heading: O.S. VOICES from the PAST:
speaker_heading: BILLIE (O.S.)
dialog: (screaming, angry)
dialog: I'm not talking about this anymore!
text: Feet stomping off.
speaker_heading: WALT (O.S.)
dialog: Don't walk away from me WOMAN!
speaker_heading: BILLIE (O.S.)
dialog: Fuck you! I hate you!
text: Sounds of scuffle.
dialog: 78A.
speaker_heading: BILLIE (O.S.) (CONT'D)
text: KIDS! LOOK WHAT YOUR FATHER'S DOING TO
dialog: ME!
scene_heading: 136 INT. MCCANDLESS HOME, ANNANDALE (PAST) 136
text: ELEVEN-YEAR OLD CARINE sits in the stairwell leading to
text: her parent's room where an argument ensues. Carine's
text: head in her hands, a delicate tear moistens the webs
text: between her small fingers.
dialog: 79.
text: FIFTEEN-YEAR OLD CHRIS enters from O.S. He leans against
text: the stairwell and looks up the stairs. Our focus remains
text: on Carine. In the B.G. SOFT FOCUS, Walt is pinning
text: Billie down onto the bed. She flails at him but he holds
text: down her shoulders.
speaker_heading: WALT
text: LOOK WHAT YOUR MOTHER IS MAKING ME DO!
text: Billie slips his grasp. Walt reaches out with a hit/push
text: of her back. She is thrust out of the bedroom onto the
text: landing above the staircase followed by Walt who
text: positions himself in the doorway like a hostile
dialog: crucifixion.
speaker_heading: WALT (CONT'D)
dialog: (raging)
dialog: I'll just cancel Christmas then!
text: Billie returns to him, punching on his chest:
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Who do you think you are? God?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Yes. I'm God!
text: Chris puts his hand out to Carine. She looks up to him.
text: He gives her a smile and a wink. She takes his hand and
text: they exit frame as the argument continues.
speaker_heading: WALT (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Where do you kids think you're going?
speaker_heading: BILLIE (O.S.)
dialog: (not in desperation so much
dialog: as a demand for their
dialog: witness)
dialog: Kids, get back here!
text: We HEAR a DOOR SLAM OC.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 137 EXT. ANNANDALE STREET - DAY (PAST) 137
text: The young Chris and Carine. She sits atop the handlebars
text: of his bicycle beaming as Chris peddles her down the
text: middle of the street. We PULL THEM as they ride.
speaker_heading: 79aA.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (mockingly)
dialog: I'll cancel Christmas!
speaker_heading: 79A.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: (humored out of her sadness)
dialog: Who do you think you are? God?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yes. I'm God.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. ARIZONA INTERSTATE UNDERPASS - NIGHT 138
text: As they both laugh we DISSOLVE BACK to Chris (PRESENT)
text: reading beside his candle lantern.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: In the nine months since Chris'
dialog: disappearance, my parents went through
text: enormous changes. Guilt was giving way
dialog: to pain. And pain seemed to bring them
dialog: closer. My father had humbled
dialog: dramatically. And what had always been a
dialog: sort of curt arrogance, the kind of man
dialog: who actually thought he could cancel
dialog: Christmas, had given way to the
dialog: vulnerability of a father's heart. Even
dialog: their faces had changed. It made me sad
dialog: that I couldn't share with Chris the new
dialog: closeness I felt toward our parents.
text: The image of Chris reading begins a SLOW DISSOLVE INTO...
scene_heading: 139 INT. FREIGHT TRAIN CAR - NIGHT 139
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: I close my eyes at night sometimes and
dialog: imagine where Chris might be.
text: Suspicious, ghostly faces briefly appear in the strobing
text: lights that hit the train car from outside. They're
text: toothless and tattooed. Aged and young. Punks and
dialog: piercings. They're train tramps.
text: We see Chris observing them. Warmly he speaks but we DO
dialog: NOT HEAR, "I'm Alex."
scene_heading: 140 EXT. TRAMP CAMP, LAS VEGAS - DAY 140
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: Was there beauty around him? Was he
dialog: hurt? Was he alone?
text: We see Chris sharing camp with the train tramps in the
text: outskirts of Las Vegas. DISSOLVE...
dialog: 80A.
scene_heading: 141 INT. LAS VEGAS RESTAURANT - NIGHT 141
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: Was he having the great adventure that he
dialog: wanted?
text: We see Chris working as a waiter in a Las Vegas
text: restaurant. DISSOLVE...
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS - DAY 142
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: Could he feel the changes here at home?
dialog: By some kind of supernatural osmosis?
dialog: Chris once wrote to me from college
dialog: saying he wanted to talk to me about all
dialog: the problems he had with mom and dad.
text: We see what may be Chris' POV from a train car snaking
text: through a mountain pass.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 143 EXT. LAS VEGAS DESERT - NIGHT 143
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: He said I was the only person in the
dialog: world who could've possibly understood
dialog: what he had to say.
text: We see Chris in the Las Vegas desert by a campfire at
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 144 EXT. SEATTLE - DAY 144
text: HIGH ANGLE CU: We see Chris walking the streets of
text: Seattle. As we WIDEN OUT, he becomes a dot in the
dialog: Seattle landscape.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: In those silent moments, with my eyes
dialog: closed trying to picture where Chris
dialog: might be at that very moment, probably
dialog: climbing some scary mountain, I want to
dialog: reach into that picture and bring him
dialog: back to see what mom and dad, what our
dialog: family might become.
text: LONG LENS: Chris disappears over the rise into the
dialog: Seattle marketplace overlooking Puget Sound (per location
dialog: photography.)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: 145 EXT. ANNANDALE SUPERMARKET - DAY 145
speaker_heading: CARINE
text: But instead when I open my eyes, what I
dialog: see is my mother, sitting at the dining
text: room table, sifting through photo albums
dialog: and pictures of Chris. It's all she can
dialog: do to examine the snapshots. And, though
dialog: she breaks down from time to time, she
text: studies them with a sort of hungry
dialog: intensity - like looking at food you
dialog: can't eat, or into a window at a family
dialog: around a table that you were once a part
dialog: of and can be no more.
text: We see Billie driving out of the Annandale supermarket
text: onto the boulevard. She sees a hitchhiker roadside. She
text: cranes her head - is it Chris? It's not.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: She convinces herself it's Chris; that
text: it's her son, whenever she passes a
dialog: stray. And I fear for the mother in
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 146 EXT. BARREN DESERT - DAY 146
text: We see Chris hitchhiking in a barren desert.
speaker_heading: CARINE
text: Instincts that seem to sense the threat
dialog: of a loss so huge and irreparable that
dialog: the mind balks at taking its measure - I
dialog: begin to wonder if I do understand what
dialog: Chris is saying any longer. But I catch
dialog: myself in doubt and remember that these
dialog: are not the parents he grew up with.
dialog: That in the forced reflection that comes
dialog: with loss, indeed everything Chris is
dialog: saying, has to be said. And I trust for
dialog: him that everything he is doing has to be
dialog: done. This is our life.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. BULLHEAD CITY, ARIZONA - DAY (OCTOBER 1991) 147
text: Chris is in the passenger seat of a Mac truck cab. Both
text: Chris and the TRUCKER look outward as though to find an
dialog: address or landmark.
speaker_heading: TRUCKER
dialog: I don't know where to drop you.
dialog: Bullhead's kinda haphazard - there's no
dialog: "center." You sure you don't want to be
dialog: in Laughlin? It's casinos versus
dialog: chiropractors.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, no. This is good. Right here.
speaker_heading: TRUCKER
dialog: Alright then. Chiropractors it is.
text: He pulls over. Chris grabs his pack and exits the truck
text: in front of a laundromat. As the truck pulls away, Chris
text: sees a "Help Wanted" sign for Burger King on the
text: laundromat window.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 148 INT. BURGER KING, BULLHEAD CITY - DAY 148
text: The place is packed with a line out the door. LORI, the
text: second assistant manager, hurries back into the kitchen,
text: where we find Chris in paper cap, bunning whoppers at a
text: leisurely pace.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Chris, you gotta go faster. We've got a
text: line out the door.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (a bit oblivious)
dialog: Okay.
text: But then just continues on at his leisurely daydreaming
text: pace. Lori is about to say something but by now she
text: knows there's no getting through to him. She looks down
text: to the floor where we see that Chris wears no socks.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: (extending patience)
dialog: Chris, I don't mean to be on you about
dialog: everything. You're doing a great job.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: LORI (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to keep you on. And we all want
dialog: to help you get to Alaska, but you've got
dialog: to start wearing socks.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Right, right. I forgot.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: And please. Hurry. We're ten deep.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Okay.
dialog: But the pace remains.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 149 INT. BANK, BULLHEAD CITY - DAY 149
text: Chris stands at the counter making a deposit with a YOUNG
scene_heading: FEMALE TELLER.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How much do I have in the account now?
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: It looks like...let me see. Including
dialog: this latest deposit...One thousand, two
dialog: hundred and fifty two dollars
dialog: and...twenty-two cents.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What's the interest on twenty-two cents?
text: The young teller giggles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 150 EXT. BANK, BULLHEAD CITY - DAY 150
text: We're TIGHT ON Chris' sock-less feet, pedalling away from
text: the bank on a bicycle. The growing independence of his
dialog: financial situation felt in the MUSIC OVER:
text: SERIES OF ANGLES as Chris rides out of town, into the
text: desert, from a late afternoon sun into a sunset as he
text: arrives at his -
scene_heading: 151 EXT. CAMPSITE, OUTSIDE BULLHEAD CITY - SUNSET 151
text: The casino lights of Laughlin, Nevada distantly in B.G.
dialog: 85.
text: Chris pedals up a dirt path to find many of his
text: belongings strewn about. And in particular, some food
text: supplies have been torn into. A coyote yips in the
text: distance as Chris finds his old straw hat torn to shreds.
text: Across the desert, scurrying away beyond the tumbleweed,
text: three young coyotes head for the hills. Chris picks up
text: his tattered hat and smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 152 INT. BURGER KING, BULLHEAD CITY - DAY 152
text: We are TIGHT on the PUNCHCLOCK as Chris' timecard comes
text: into frame and is punched out.
text: WIDEN OUT to see Chris taking off his paper hat and
text: Burger King overshirt.
text: He walks his timecard over to Lori. The place is all but
text: empty.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lori, I'm punching out.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Okay. Just put it in the drop.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, I mean I'm punching out for good.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: (happy for him)
dialog: We've made our quota, have we?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah. Also, I've got to do some things
dialog: before I head north.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Alright Chris. Well, we've enjoyed
dialog: knowing you. I won't be able to get that
dialog: last check to you right away though.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: That's okay. I'll let you know where to
dialog: send it.
speaker_heading: LORI
dialog: Alright then Chris. Bye-bye now.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Bye-bye.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 153 EXT. BULLHEAD CITY - DAY 153
text: City crews string Christmas lights and ornaments along
text: the main drag. We CRANE DOWN to find Chris' bike leaning
text: on a lamppost. A cardboard sign attached to it reads -
scene_heading: FREE BIKE. MERRY CHRISTMAS. - ALEXANDER SUPERTRAMP
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 154 EXT. DESERT, HIGHWAY 95 - DAY 154
speaker_heading: MUSIC OVER:
text: Chris is hitching south on the 95 into the Big Maria
text: Mountains. Beyond him we see a sign for Niland 206
dialog: miles.
scene_heading: 155 EXT. TRUCK STOP ON INTERSTATE 10, BLYTHE, CA - NIGHT 155
scene_heading: CONTINUE MUSIC OVER:
scene_heading: 156 INT. MEN'S ROOM, TRUCK STOP - NIGHT 156
scene_heading: CONTINUE MUSIC OVER:
text: Chris gets a clean shave and a whore's bath.
speaker_heading: CU: Chris
text: Music FADES.
speaker_heading: CHAPTER 4: FAMILY
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 157 EXT. THE SLABS, NILAND, CA - DAY 157
text: This is the vista of former barracks foundations Rainey
dialog: and Jan Burres had told Chris about. Hundreds of people
text: in tents and trailers, a quarter inch to the right of a
text: Rainbow Gathering as hillbillies and renegades mix with
text: the hippies. There are canvas-covered booths set up for
text: swap and trade. Even a few makeshift food stands.
dialog: 87.
dialog: We SEE that many of the inhabitants have set up CHRISTMAS
text: TREES outside their trailers and tents. Kids play naked
text: in a mud pool.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 158 EXT. THE BOOTH OF JAN &amp; RAINEY, THE SLABS - SAME 158
text: We see Rainey selling their wares. Beside the booth,
text: their van with its backseat door open. A little dog,
text: Sunni, jumps out the van door, sniffing something out.
text: Jan exits the van after the dog.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Sunni! Come here boy.
text: But Sunni has sniffed out Chris' large backpack leaning
text: against the rear of the van. Jan is just beginning to
text: recognize it, when from behind the van appears Chris,
text: looking like a million bucks.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Surprise!
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: (overjoyed)
dialog: Alex!
text: As she goes to hug him -
text: ANGLE: Rainey hearing his name, jumps up from his stool
dialog: to join them.
text: Big embraces all around.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 159 EXT. THE SLABS - NIGHT 159
text: An impromptu campfire celebration with live music from a
text: makeshift stage. Jan, Rainey, and Chris sit on chairs
text: outside the circle of inhabitants, taking in the music.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: You have to tell us everything.
dialog: (Note: This scene should largely be improvised. They all
text: know their characters, their history. Jan and Rainey are
text: doing great. And while Chris is intermittently aware
text: that the eyes of a pretty 16-year old girl are upon him,
text: Chris lays out his travels and his PLAN FOR ALASKA.
dialog: 88.
dialog: Jan remarks, "I guess if you can figure out how to paddle
text: a canoe down to Mexico, hop freight trains, and score
dialog: beds at inner-city missions, you can figure out Alaska
dialog: too.")
text: At this point, the PRETTY 16-YEAR OLD GIRL who had had
text: her eyes on Chris, takes the stage with an acoustic
text: guitar, introduces herself as TRACY, then SINGS an *
text: innocent love song of her own composition, stealing
text: seductive glances at Chris throughout the performance.
speaker_heading: JAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I think you've made yourself a friend.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (blushing)
text: She's only a teenager.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Good luck.
text: The girl finishes her song.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 160 EXT. THE BOOTH OF JAN &amp; RAINEY - DAY 160
text: Chris and Rainey man the second-hand goods booth while
text: Jan bathes Sunni in a steel bucket by the van. Among the
text: goods, a USED ORGAN. Chris is thrilled to have access to
text: all the second-hand books that are part of Rainey and
text: Jan's inventory. As he skims through Jack London's
text: Odyssey of the North, Rainey notices Tracy sitting on the *
text: steps of her vagabond parents' rig across from the booth.
text: She picks silently at her guitar with her bright eyes
text: fixed on Chris.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: How long can you stay with us?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, I'm waiting on a check from my last
dialog: job to come into Salton City the day
dialog: after Christmas. I've got to start
text: thinking about getting ready for Alaska.
dialog: When the sun gets a little lower tonight,
dialog: I'm going to start a calisthenics
dialog: routine. I think after the check comes
dialog: in, I'll try to find some mountains I can
dialog: climb everyday till spring comes. I
dialog: gotta see how far the money's gonna go.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to have to pick up a lot of
dialog: supplies before spring. So, I might take
dialog: another job or I might be okay.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Well, you know, we'll give you a little
dialog: something for every day you work the
dialog: booth.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm not taking any money from you,
dialog: Rainey. It's been a real great twist
dialog: meeting you two. You look like you're
dialog: doing good.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: We are, and you were a big part of that,
dialog: coming along when you did. Yep, things
dialog: are good.
dialog: (gives a little giggle)
dialog: Man, I used to think Tantric sex was just
dialog: a bunch of reading. Speaking of which,
dialog: don't you think you ought to introduce
dialog: yourself to Joni Mitchell over there?
text: Chris looks up from his book to the wide open 16-year old
text: smile of Tracy. Rainey laughs aloud. Chris smiles back, *
text: and against his better instincts, gives her a little wave-
text: over with the paperback. Tracy jumps off her step, *
text: putting her guitar inside the rig, and trots like a
text: little wood nymph to Chris.
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: You selling books?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I am. We are.
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: I read a lot.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: That's good. I heard you play your song
dialog: last night.
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I'm terrible.
text: Rainey amused by all of this.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You are not terrible.
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: I'm not?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No. You sing sweet.
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: Thank you. I was going to go watch the
dialog: kids play in the mud. Do you want to go?
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Go on. I'll watch the store.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'm sorry. This is Rainey. And I'm
dialog: Chris.
dialog: Whoops, a slip on the name, but...
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Hi. Rainey. And this is Alex. ("Don't
dialog: lie to her.")
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: I'm Tracy. *
text: Chris realizes his slip but before Rainey can question
text: anything, Chris stands and goes off with Tracy. *
text: Rainey and Jan share a conspiratorial smile.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. THE MUD PIT, THE SLABS - SAME 161
dialog: (Salvation Mountain?) (Leonard?)
dialog: 91.
text: LONG LENS: We watch Chris and Tracy sit pit-side with a *
text: foreground of frolicking naked children splashing about
text: in the mud. We don't hear their conversation. We just
dialog: watch its gentleness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 162 EXT. RAINEY &amp; JAN'S VAN, THE SLABS - NIGHT 162
text: Tracy helps Rainey cook dinner on the barbecue, meaning *
dialog: to demonstrate to Chris what a wonderful wife she would
text: be. Jan and Chris sipping on beers sit beside each other
text: on folding chairs, out of Rainey and Tracy's earshot. *
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: I wasn't much older than Tracy when I got *
dialog: pregnant. And I thought my husband and I
dialog: were going to invent peace on earth and
dialog: stay together forever. But it didn't
dialog: work out that way. He left. History.
dialog: Now ancient history. And that was the
dialog: end of that. So, I raised Reno by myself
dialog: - that's my son. Then I met Rainey. And
dialog: that was really good for a while. But
dialog: Reno was already a teenager and was
text: becoming a man in his own way. And then,
dialog: I don't know. He kinda followed in his
text: father's footsteps - out the door and
dialog: gone. And I really don't know where he
dialog: is. I haven't heard from him in two
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I hope I get to meet him sometime.
text: Jan looks into Chris' eyes and smiles with pure love.
text: She leans over and gently kisses Chris on the cheek.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Do your folks know where you are?
text: Chris aims to deflect the question as Tracy enters the *
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: Soup's on. Oh, I'm sorry. Are you guys
dialog: getting heavy?
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: No, sweetheart. Just hungry. You've
dialog: been doing a fantastic job over there.
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: Shall we eat?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah.
text: Tracy grabs Chris' hand and proudly leads him to supper. *
text: As they exit frame, we remain for a moment with Jan and
dialog: her thoughts.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 163 INT./EXT. SLABS MONTAGE - DAY 163
speaker_heading: MUSIC OVER:
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
dialog: 1. Chris reading and selling books.
text: 2. Chris and Tracy taking walks with Sunni. *
text: 3. Rainey and Jan stealing some afternoon delight in the
dialog: van. (It's the days of wine and roses)
text: 4. Chris' new daily regimen of calisthenics.
dialog: 5. Tracy's new daily regimen of watching Chris do *
text: calisthenics. His lean body tighter and stronger
dialog: everyday.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 164 EXT. RAINEY &amp; JAN'S VAN, THE SLABS - (CHRISTMAS) DAY 164
text: Rainey stands over Chris as Chris does sit-ups. Rainey's
text: gut hanging a little heavy over his belt.
text: OS VOICES exchange Christmas greetings.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: I really ought to get myself doing that.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You should Rainey. Makes that Tantric
dialog: stuff go even better.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: How the hell would you know? That poor
dialog: girl over there is about ready to vault
dialog: onto a fence post. And here you are, the
dialog: monk of Jack LaLane.
text: They share a laugh. Chris comes to the end of his sit-
text: ups. Wipes his brow with a towel. Rainey squats down
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: RAINEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I guess Jan filled you in. About Reno
dialog: and everything. Children can be harsh
dialog: judges when it comes to their parents.
dialog: They don't grant clemency easily. I
dialog: think Reno tended to see things in black
dialog: and white. I just hope he lives long
dialog: enough to forgive her.
text: The connection is not lost on Chris.
speaker_heading: RAINEY (CONT'D)
dialog: But painful as it is, you turned a light
dialog: on in her and I'm grateful.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: For what?
text: Chris doesn't answer. A kid rides by on a bright new Big
dialog: Wheel. Must be from the rich side of the commune.
speaker_heading: RAINEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do your folks know where you are?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Don't you think they ought to?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: They should. But I can't. Not yet,
dialog: anyway. I got a sister though, Carine.
dialog: She's the most beautiful girl in the
dialog: world. But, it's all got to stay behind
dialog: me until I get where I'm going.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: Alaska?
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, Rainey. Alaska.
text: Rainey won't intrude any further. He just nods. Chris
text: notices Tracy in the door of her parent's rig, stealthily *
text: waving him over. Chris gives Rainey the "Uh-oh" look,
text: pulls on his T-shirt, and walks over to the rig. Tracy *
text: has disappeared inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 165 INT. TRACY'S PARENTS RIG - SAME 165 *
text: Chris pops his head in.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hello? Merry Christmas?
speaker_heading: TRACY (O.C.) *
dialog: Come in here.
text: As Chris mounts the steps, he finds Tracy laying on the *
text: bed inside, wearing a skimpy white girl's tank top and
text: underpants.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT'D) *
dialog: Guess what.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (deer in headlights)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: My parents went into town.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: Yes, they did. They went to call my
dialog: grandma for Christmas.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, I mean, no, we can't do that.
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: Why not?
text: Chris moves to sit on the edge of her bed. Tracy sits up *
text: beside him.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: Eighteen.
text: Chris throws her a look of doubt.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT'D) *
dialog: Seventeen.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What year were you born?
text: As soon as she has to think about it, the jig is up.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You want to do something together?
text: Shyly, she shakes her head "yes."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 166 EXT. THE SLABS - NIGHT 166
dialog: We SEE the used Christmas trees of the residents being
text: thrown onto an existing campfire, building into the
text: enormous, celebratory bonfire that lights the scene.
text: As we did with the footsteps in the mud and the kayak
text: slashing the sand, we TRACK VERTICALLY along an extension
text: cord from one of the trailer generators to the stage
dialog: until we find -
text: Tracy with her guitar and Chris with the second-hand *
text: organ from Rainey and Jan's booth on the stage. They
text: enter into a duet of John Prine's Angel from Montgomery
text: for the crowd of the Slabs' fire-lit inhabitants.
text: In the crowd, we find Rainey and Jan clapping and dancing
text: along to Chris and Tracy's song. Merry Christmas. *
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 167 EXT. THE SLABS - DAY 167
text: Jan is pulling the van out from their plot. Rainey is
text: guiding the single-directional vehicle.
text: Chris and Tracy stand beside the car path. Chris writes *
text: down Wayne Westerberg's Carthage address.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You can always get in touch with me by
dialog: sending mail here. I don't know when
dialog: I'll get it, but I'll get it.
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're pretty magic.
speaker_heading: TRACY *
dialog: I am?
text: He hugs her. And kisses her. (cheek, lips? I don't
dialog: know.)
text: Jan pulls up in the van. Rainey walks over to Chris and
text: gives him a paternal hug.
speaker_heading: RAINEY
dialog: You take care of yourself, kiddo.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You too, Rainey. Thanks for everything.
text: Chris gives Rainey's gut a full-hand pinch.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: New Year's resolution?
text: Rainey gives him a wink and puts his arm around Tracy as *
text: Chris jumps into the car. Then he and Jan hit the road.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 168 EXT. MARKET POST OFFICE, SALTON CITY - DAY 168
dialog: This market/liquor store/post office serves as the
dialog: cultural nexus for the greater Salton Sea area.
text: As Jan's van pulls up opposite the post office and makes
text: a U-turn to curbside, Chris gets out of the van. Now
text: Jan's eyes really well up.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Just get your pack out of the back and
dialog: get out of here. I can't take a hug.
dialog: 97.
text: Chris says nothing. He just looks at Jan. They
text: understand each other. Chris closes the door. He
text: fiddles with the broken handle of the back door, gets it
text: open, gets his pack out. On top of his pack, A WRAPPED
text: XMAS GIFT and when he closes the back door, Jan heads
text: straight off back to the Slabs. Chris opens the
dialog: giftwrap; it's the new hat Jan had promised. Chris is
dialog: touched.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 169 EXT. TWO-LANED ROAD, ANNANDALE, VA (PAST) - DAY 169
text: TELEPHOTO LENS: A long two-laned road before us rises and
text: falls in a series of saddles and peaks. The narrow
text: shoulders are densely wooded. SLOWLY APPEARING over the
text: near most peak, a TEAM OF EIGHT SHIRTLESS HIGH SCHOOL
scene_heading: RUNNERS. Leading the group - 17 YEAR-OLD CHRISTOPHER
text: MCCANDLESS. Lean, softly handsome, and graceful.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: In high school, Chris became captain of
text: the cross-country track team. They
dialog: called themselves the Road Warriors.
text: REVERSE ANGLE: The group of young runners, led by Chris
text: suddenly veer off the paved road into the adjoining
dialog: woods.
scene_heading: 170 EXT. TRAILS, ANNANDALE (PAST) - DAY 170
text: SERIES OF ANGLES: The runners, led by Chris, pace
text: unchartered trails, grassy hillsides, and shallow
dialog: streams.
speaker_heading: CARINE
dialog: He'd take them on what he loved to refer
dialog: to as "epic" runs. The whole point was
dialog: to run until they were completely lost
dialog: and so exhausted that they were on the
text: verge of puking. Then they'd slow down a
dialog: little, somehow he'd find their bearings,
text: and lead them home again at full speed.
dialog: This was my brothers idea of fun.
text: We FAVOR Chris as he jogs in place at the exhilarating
text: point of being lost. When he has identified a most
text: likely return route, he quickens his pace, leading the
text: group in the direction of return.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: 171 INT. MARKET/POST OFFICE, SALTON CITY 171
text: Chris heads out with his last Burger King check in hand,
text: proudly wearing his new hat and in search of mountains to
dialog: climb.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: A year and a half into Chris'
dialog: disappearance, each day that goes by now
dialog: feels like two. Dad calls it "suspended
dialog: animation." I kept telling myself that
dialog: he had to get lost to prove his
dialog: independence to himself. But this was no
dialog: day run for the Road Warriors and after
dialog: so much time, I could no longer keep out
text: the haunting thoughts.
scene_heading: 172 EXT. MARKET/POST OFFICE, SALTON CITY - DAY 172
text: Chris, with pack and new hat walks away from camera
text: toward the interstate and the brittle mountains beyond.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: In many ways, my life and even my parents
dialog: had begun to move in new directions. I'd
dialog: fallen in love. And mom and dad had even
dialog: ventured out on a brief vacation. But,
dialog: when a search of tax records uncovered
dialog: Chris' contribution to OXFAM, the weight
dialog: of his disappearance just seemed to lie
dialog: down on us full length.
scene_heading: CHAPTER 5: GETTING OF
scene_heading: WISDOM DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 173 EXT. BADLANDS OF ANZA-BORREGO DESERT STATE PARK - DAY 173
speaker_heading: (JANUARY 1992)
dialog: 99.
text: WIDE SHOT: We see the Oh My God Hot Springs. Steaming
text: pools lined with rocks and shaded by palm trees. A small
text: group of campers and Charlie Manson wannabes in
scene_heading: FOREGROUND.
text: We ZOOM past them to the sheer rock faces and landforms
text: of the badlands, several miles beyond.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 174 EXT. STONE WALL, ANZA-BORREGO DESERT - DAY 174
text: SLO MO: We are looking down a radically steep rock face.
text: A shirtless Chris is in training running towards us under
text: the hot desert sun.
text: We HEAR only breath and footsteps.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 175 EXT. CHRIS' CAMP BESIDE THE STONE WALL - DAY 175
text: Chris rests on the sand under a tarp, hung from a
text: Creosote branch. A plate of beans and rice eaten nearly
text: clean and an empty water jug beside him. Flies buzz and
dialog: pick.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 176 EXT. OH-MY-GOD HOT SPRINGS - DAY 176
text: Chris on a morning jog, wearing a shoulder bag and
text: carrying an empty water jug. A quick wave to one of his
text: distant "neighbors" at the spring's camp as he runs by.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 177 EXT. PAVED TWO-LANE ROAD INTO SALTON CITY - DAY 177
text: Chris continues his jog, cars whisk by and dust kicks
text: into the air. But Chris is undeterred, keeps running.
scene_heading: 178 EXT. MARKET/POST OFFICE, SALTON CITY - SAME 178
text: Chris approaches, slowing his jog to a walk. Chris sets
text: down his water jug and stretches his calves. In the
text: distance we see the peaks of the badlands landforms from
dialog: where he ran.
dialog: 100.
text: Chris shakes off the jog, picks up the jug, and we go
text: with him around the side of the building. There's a
text: water faucet dripping slowly into the desert mud. Chris
text: pops his jug under it and fills it up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 179 INT. MARKET/POST OFFICE - SAME 179
text: Chris walks the aisles, sipping from his jug, as he comes
text: across bags of rice on the market shelves. A HEAVY SET
text: GIRL passes him in the aisle with her well-mannered dog
text: following her.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (no high-pitched pet voice)
dialog: Hey boy. You are a handsome fellow.
dialog: (over shoulder to the girl)
dialog: Beautiful dog.
speaker_heading: THE GIRL
dialog: Thank you.
text: As the girl continues on, the dog wants to stay with
dialog: Chris.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Go on, boy. Go on.
text: And the dog obeys him.
text: As he sorts through the various rice selections, brown,
text: white, wild, we notice a MAN peering over the opposite
text: shelf at Chris. This is RON FRANZ, between 70 and 80
text: years old, six-feet, thick arms, barrel chest, and large
text: ears. He wears old jeans, an immaculate white T-shirt, a
text: decorative tooled leather belt, white socks, and scuffed
text: black loafers. His deeply pitted nose demonstrates a
text: purple filigree of veins which unfold like an finely
text: wrought tattoo. And on either side of it, the wary blue
text: eyes of a soldier. He is the archetypical American man.
text: Chris has caught his sympathetic eye. Chris moves to the
dialog: counter to pay for rice.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 180 EXT. MARKET/POST OFFICE - SAME 180
text: In WIDE SHOT, we watch Chris from behind, walking out
text: across the two-lane road. He puts out his thumb to hitch
dialog: a ride.
dialog: 101.
text: When a truck comes from BEHIND INTO FRAME heading
text: straight for Chris, the truck makes a relaxed L-turn,
text: pulling up beside Chris.
scene_heading: 181 INT. RON'S TRUCK 181
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Where's your camp?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Out past Oh-My-God Hot Springs.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I've lived in and around here six years
dialog: now and I've never heard of any place
dialog: that goes by that name.
text: Ron leans across the bench seat of the truck, opening up
text: the passenger door.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: Show me how to get there.
text: Chris hops in beside Ron, who extends his hand -
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: Ron Franz.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Alex.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Alex. Where are you from Alex?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: West Virginia.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Okay, Alex from West Virginia. I like a
dialog: fellow who doesn't raise the pitch of his
text: voice when he talks to animals...shows he
text: doesn't condescend.
text: Chris remembers now the dog in the store and why Ron
dialog: must've thought to give him a ride.
text: And they head off.
scene_heading: 182 EXT. FEW MILES UP ROAD 182
text: Ron truck drives up the road.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 183 INT. RON'S TRUCK 183
text: As we come upon a 4x4 track twisting down a narrow wash -
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You go left here.
text: Ron turns the truck down the 4x4 track.
scene_heading: 184 EXT. 4X4 TRACK, ANZA-BORREGO DESERT - SAME 184
text: We watch the truck bump and grind on the mangled dirt
text: road about a mile in.
text: Out the window, Ron's eye has been caught by something.
dialog: Ron's POV: Oh-My-God Hot Springs -
text: We see a couple of day-glo vans and rusted out
dialog: Studebakers that hadn't been turned over since Eisenhower
dialog: was in the White House. Several of those living there
text: mill about buck naked. And at the center of the camp,
text: the steaming pools lined with rocks under the palm trees.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You live here?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, we keep going. I'm further up.
text: Another half-mile or so, out on the
dialog: Bajada.
scene_heading: 185 EXT. CHRIS' CAMP BESIDE THE STONE WALL - SAME 185
text: Ron and Chris drive up in the truck. Ron shuts off the
text: ignition and gets out of the truck to stretch his legs.
text: Chris follows, puts his full water jug under the tarp at
text: his campsite, hooking it onto a branch. He throws his
text: shoulder bag with the rice in it into his backpack.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well, this is somethin' out here. Don't
dialog: you worry about those dope smokers and
dialog: nudists down below there?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, they keep to themselves pretty much
dialog: and so do I.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: Hmmm. You strike me as a bright young
dialog: man. Am I wrong about that?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I think I got my head on my shoulders
dialog: pretty good.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That's what I mean. How long have you
dialog: been out here?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Couple of weeks.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: And before that?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: A lot of places. I've been moving
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Twenty-three.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Twenty-three years old! Son, don't you
dialog: think you should be getting an education?
dialog: And a job? And making something of this
dialog: life?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Look Mr. Franz. I think careers are a
dialog: twentieth century invention and I don't
dialog: want one. You don't need to worry about
dialog: me. I have a college education. I'm not
dialog: destitute. I'm living like this by
dialog: choice.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: In the dirt?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yeah, in the dirt.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I just don't know. Where's your family?
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Don't have one anymore.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: That's a shame.
text: Chris can see some deep sadness in this man.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hey, Mr. Franz. I want to show you
dialog: something.
text: Ron follows Chris to the rockface we'd seen Chris running
text: earlier. They begin to walk up it. It's tough on the
dialog: old-timer, walking this steep hill. But he's a tough old-
dialog: timer, at least for the moment...
text: ANGLE: The two men nearly half way to the summit. It's
text: getting steeper and higher. Ron stops.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: This is getting a little steep. And a
dialog: little high for me kid.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Alright. But look out there. Even from
dialog: half way out, it's quite a sight isn't
dialog: it?
text: Their POV: Enormous beautiful vista all the way across
dialog: the Bajada.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: From the top you can see all the way to
dialog: the Salton Sea too.
text: Ron looks up the precarious rock wall. He ain't gonna be
dialog: seeing the Salton Sea today.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You can see the Salton Sea from up there?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (starting his way down the
dialog: hill)
dialog: My goodness.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You don't want to go up?
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Nope. I don't do these kind of things.
text: Chris smiles and follows Ron. As they approach the
dialog: bottom of the hill -
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: How about you and me take a drive? About
dialog: fifty miles or so up highway, I know a
dialog: place that's got a view, great food, and
dialog: requires no climbing. How's that sound?
dialog: Chris thinks about it. Then -
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, sure. It'll take me a couple of
dialog: minutes to clean up.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Fair enough.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 186 EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY - AFTERNOON 186
text: Ron's truck drives through frame.
scene_heading: 187 EXT. INDIAN AVENUE SOUTHBOUND, PALM SPRINGS - DAY 187
text: We see Ron and Chris driving parallel on the windmilled
dialog: road (Our frame will only hold the lower fraction of the
text: spinning windmills in the background)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 188 EXT. SAN JACINTO TRAMWAY - LATE AFTERNOON 188
text: VERTICAL POV: We are thousands of feet in the air over
text: the rigid rocky canyon as we ascend toward San Jacinto
text: summit. It's high. Scary HIGH.
scene_heading: 189 INT. TRAM 189
text: MUSIC OVER: As Chris and Ron ride the tram to the peak,
text: we watch Chris watching Ron, his kind, moist old eyes,
text: slowly blinking at the wonder of the nature around him.
text: Other passengers on the tram seem nervous, but Ron is
text: meditative, almost hypnotized.
dialog: 106.
text: And with each roll-through of the tram through the cable
text: towers, the tram car rocks and sways, but Ron's peace
text: goes unbroken. And Chris continues to admire the gentle
text: blinking of his eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 190 INT. ELEVATION RESTAURANT (SAN JACINTO SUMMIT) - TWILIGHT90
speaker_heading: 1
text: The two of them sit in a quiet, corner booth of the
text: tramway eatery that sits on the summit of San Jacinto
text: overlooking the lights of Palm Springs and the desert
text: clear back to Salton Sea. Chris is on a roll.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How old are you, Mr. Franz?
speaker_heading: RON
text: Seventy-nine years old.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Seventy-nine...see, all due respect, but
dialog: the real difference between people is the
dialog: quality of their soul and not on how long
dialog: they've trudged around like a dip-shit.
text: Ron laughs.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: But it's true.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: It is. No question about that.
text: Ron continues to let Chris vent.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: The government's the same as my parents.
dialog: They don't respect anybody. Regulation.
dialog: Regulation. Regulation. WE can't do
dialog: this. But THEY can do that. I mean, the
dialog: hypocrisy of the whole...culture. Makes
dialog: me crazy. My father was having children *
dialog: with two women at the same time, and then *
dialog: has the gall to think that he can be of
dialog: some guidance to me? Make judgments on
dialog: me? My mother, of course, goes along
dialog: with all of it. Keeps the secret, which
dialog: of course, makes my whole life a fiction.
dialog: Everything I thought was, wasn't.
dialog: They're such fools! Fucking idiots!
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Alex, please don't lump me in amongst
dialog: your judges. And your tyrants. But I'd
dialog: prefer to not hear that kind of language.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (realizing his slip)
dialog: Sorry. I don't usually use that kind of
dialog: language either. I just get so angry
dialog: thinking about it.
text: Ron reaches across the table. Puts his sturdy hand on
text: Chris' shoulder.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You got a lot of passion, young man.
text: Chris smiles at Ron.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 191 EXT. CHRIS' CAMP BESIDE THE STONE WALL - NIGHT 191
text: As Ron and Chris pull up in the pick-up truck, we see
text: SPORADIC FIREWORKS WHISTLING AND CRACKLING into the air
text: above the hot-springs, and HEAR the distant HOOTING of
text: its inhabitants. Chris hops out and walks around to
text: Ron's side of the truck.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Awww, that was a great time Mr. Franz.
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Look here. If Charles Manson and his
dialog: buddies don't kill me on my way out of
dialog: here, I'd like to cook you up a home
dialog: cooked meal tomorrow night. If I come
dialog: out here about, say, four o'clock
dialog: tomorrow, how would that be?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: That would be swell.
text: Ron is thrilled.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Good, good. I'm no gourmet but I know
dialog: where the spices are. Good night, kid.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Good night Mr. Franz.
dialog: 108.
text: And with that, Ron hits the road.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 192 EXT. STONE WALL - SUNSET 192
text: Chris hikes up it with his backpack on, one laborious
dialog: step at a time.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 193 EXT. STONE WALL SUMMIT - SAME 193
text: Chris summiting the rock formation. He looks down over
text: the desert and there before him, The Salton Sea.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 194 EXT. RON'S HOUSE, SALTON SEA - SUNSET 194
text: The house is a single-level, beige structure, sitting
text: between the Salton Sea and a small inlet where he keeps a
text: fishing boat. Underneath a canopy in the backyard, there
text: is a small workshop of some kind.
text: HIGH ANGLE: Chris, looking at his own reflection in the
text: water below Ron's dock. In the reflection, we see his
text: hands full of dirty laundry.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 195 INT. KITCHEN, RON'S HOUSE - SAME 195
text: Ron broils a couple of steaks. Chris enters and moves
text: past Ron carrying his laundry into another room.
scene_heading: 196 INT. LAUNDRY ROOM, RON'S HOUSE - SAME 196
text: Chris pours detergent over his long-in-need clothes.
dialog: Starts the cycle.
scene_heading: 197 INT. KITCHEN, RON'S HOUSE - NIGHT 197
text: As Chris enters, Ron is pulling the steaks from the
dialog: broiler.
dialog: 109.
text: Above the kitchen sink, Chris sees a row of approximately
text: ten photographs, each in vertical 4x6 frames, some black
text: and white, some color: all of Japanese boys and girls in
text: formal American and Japanese attire.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Did you find everything you need?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: (breaking his gaze from the
dialog: photographs)
dialog: Yeah. I hope I don't wreck your machine.
dialog: There's a lot of grime in that stuff.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well, that's what it's for. How do these
dialog: steaks look?
text: Ron pops the steaks on the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well, sit down.
text: Ron grabs some silverware from a drawer, plops it down on
text: the kitchen table with some paper napkins.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you drink?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You got a White Russian?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Beer?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Nope. Don't have any alcohol. I had to
dialog: quit all that. How about a guava juice?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll take a guava juice, that sounds
dialog: good.
text: As Ron gets the drinks -
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Yeah, I had a little spell with the
dialog: bottle, you could say.
dialog: 110.
text: Ron pops the drinks down on the table, then sits with
text: Chris. They lift their glasses toward one another, then -
speaker_heading: RON/CHRIS
dialog: Cheers.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I spent most of my life in the army. On
dialog: New Year's Eve 1957, I was stationed over
dialog: in Okinawa. My wife and son were here in
text: the States, just driving down the road
dialog: when a fellow who'd had too much to drink
text: plowed right into them. Killed them
dialog: both. Anyway, you might think that the
dialog: last thing in the world I'd do, is go to
dialog: the whiskey, but at the time, it felt
dialog: like the only thing I could do. And I
dialog: did it hard. But pretty soon, I figured
dialog: I wasn't doing my wife and son any good,
dialog: mourning them with a bottle. So, I
dialog: pulled myself together and quit drinking,
dialog: cold turkey. And then...
text: Ron, spinning his body around, points to the photographs
text: over the sink.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: You see all these kids over here?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, I was gonna ask you.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Yeah, that's...
text: (pointing at each with his
dialog: finger)
text: Fuki, Kenjiro, Yoshiko, Keiko, Masaro,
dialog: Junichi, Kimpei, Nayoko...
text: For the last picture frame, Ron stands and takes it off
dialog: the shelf -
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: (pridefully shows Chris the
dialog: picture)
dialog: And this is Akira. Just finished medical
dialog: school.
text: Chris takes the picture and studies Akira's face. Ron
text: sits back down.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, I unofficially adopted all of them.
dialog: It did my heart some good but I guess
dialog: really it was just writing a few letters
dialog: and sending some money. Anyway, it was
dialog: important to me. I get a letter from
dialog: each of them from time to time. You
dialog: know. So, since all that, this is pretty
dialog: much me.
dialog: (indicating his small
dialog: reclusive abode)
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Do you ever travel, Mr. Franz?
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: No. I can't seem to get too far from my
dialog: leather. I'll show you after you finish
dialog: eating. I do a lot of leather engraving.
dialog: I got a little workshop in the garage.
dialog: Between that and my pension, I do pretty
dialog: well. But every time I think I might
dialog: take a trip somewhere, I get too far
dialog: behind on orders and such to consider it.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (having wolfed down the
dialog: steak)
dialog: Well, I'm finished eating. I'd love to
dialog: see your workshop.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Would ya?
text: Chris nods.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Alright then.
text: Ron picks up the picture of Akira and replaces it on the
text: shelf above the sink.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 198 INT. RON'S GARAGE/WORKSHOP - NIGHT 198
text: As we begin, Ron is instructing Chris in the skills of
dialog: leather engraving.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: 199 EXT. CHRIS' CAMP BESIDE THE STONE WALL - MORNING 199
text: Chris, a clear plastic bag of clean laundry beside him,
text: sits alone, cross-legged. He begins to carve into a
dialog: leather belt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 200 EXT. STONE WALL - LATER 200
text: We follow Chris in a LOW ANGLE up his mountain run
text: framing from mid-back to just above his head, sweating
text: profusely.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 201 EXT. 4X4 TRACK, ANZA-BORREGO DESERT - DAY 201
text: Ron's truck cuts along the 4x4 track.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 202 EXT. STONE WALL, ANZA-BORREGO DESERT - SAME 202
text: Chris reaching the summit. He bends over to catch his
text: breath, hands on knees.
speaker_heading: RON (O.S)
dialog: How about some fishing?
text: Chris turns to the voice. And down at the bottom of the
text: rock wall beside the campsite, is Ron holding up two
dialog: fishing poles.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: (referring to the Sea)
dialog: That thing's twice as salty as the ocean.
dialog: Did you know that?
text: Chris has barely the breath to speak.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Anything alive in it?
text: Ron shrugs his shoulders in a "who cares?" fashion.
text: Chris laughs but nods in the affirmative and gives Ron
text: the thumbs up.
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: 203 EXT. ANZA-BARREGO DESERT - DAY + NIGHT 203
scene_heading: BEGIN MUSIC OVER: MONTAGE:
dialog: 1. Chris and Ron fishing in the Salton Sea. (no catch)
text: 2. At Ron's workshop/garage, Ron guides Chris in his
dialog: leather belt project.
text: 3. At Chris' campsite, Chris does push-ups while Ron sits
text: on the tailgate of his truck spying on the "Manson
text: family" through binoculars, shaking his head.
text: 4. Chris at his campsite working on the belt by campfire
text: light. We MOVE IN on the belt, he's beginning to form
text: the letter N in the leather.
text: 5. Chris jogging in the morning beside Oh-My-God Hot
dialog: Springs.
text: 6. Chris and Ron at the leather bench in Ron's
dialog: workshop/garage.
text: In a EXTREME CLOSE-UP, MUSIC FADES OUT as we PAN across
text: Chris' leather belt and the story being told on it
dialog: through the engravings:
scene_heading: 204 EXT. RON'S WORKSHOP - DAY 204
text: ALEX is inscribed at the belt's left end; then the
dialog: initials C.J.M. (for Christopher Johnson McCandless)
text: frame a skull and crossbones. Across the strip of
text: cowhide one sees a rendering of two-lane blacktop, a No U-
text: turn sign, a thunderstorm producing a flash flood that
text: engulfs a car, a hitchhiker's thumb, an eagle, the Sierra
text: Nevada, salmon cavorting in the Pacific Ocean, the
dialog: Pacific Coast Highway from Oregon to Washington, the
dialog: Rocky Mountains, Montana wheat fields, a South Dakota
text: rattlesnake, Westerberg's house in Carthage, the Colorado
text: River rapids, a canoe beached beside a tent, Las Vegas,
text: and at the buckle end, finally, the letter N.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: What's the N stand for?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...North.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: 205 EXT. CHRIS' CAMP BESIDE THE STONE WALL - DAY 205
text: AN ISOLATED CLOUD ECLIPSES THE SUN AGAINST A BLUE DESERT
speaker_heading: SKY.
text: Ron is sitting on his tailgate, watching Chris, backpack
text: on, climb the stone wall.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Alaska?
text: Chris summits.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: Son, what the hell you running from?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (yells down from above)
dialog: I could ask you the same question.
dialog: Except I already know the answer.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: You do, do you?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I do, Mr. Franz. You've got to get back
dialog: out in the world. Get out of that lonely
dialog: house of yours, that little workshop,
dialog: and go live on the road.
text: Ron waves him off.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Really. You're going to live a long
dialog: time, Ron. You should make a radical
dialog: change in your lifestyle. The core of
text: man's spirit comes with new experiences.
dialog: And there you are, stubborn old man,
dialog: sitting on your butt.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Sittin' on my butt, huh?
text: Ron gets up off the tailgate.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll show you sittin' on my butt.
text: And Ron starts making the old man hustle. Shifty
text: shoulders and all, up the stone wall.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: "Stubborn old man."
text: Chris is laughing and clapping.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Come on, old man! Come on!
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Ya little pinhead.
text: Chris is jumping up and down, thrilled for Ron's efforts.
text: Now the old man's shuffle has turned into an old man's
text: walk. But he ain't stopping. And bit by bit he shows
dialog: he's got it in him after all.
text: As Ron is just about to mount the summit, Chris extends a
text: hand. Ron swats it away.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: Ya little pinhead.
text: Ron drops down onto his back to catch his breath and let
text: his thumping heart slow down.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You alright?
text: Ron, after taking one more deep breath, sits up and Chris
text: sits next to him. He's actually pretty happy with
text: himself. He looks out and sees the distant Salton Sea.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I'm going to miss you when you go.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll miss you too, Ron. But you're wrong
dialog: if you think the joy of life comes
dialog: principally from human relationships.
dialog: God's placed it all around us. It's in
dialog: everything. In anything we can
dialog: experience. People just have to change
dialog: the way they think about those things.
dialog: You ought to put a little camper on the
dialog: back of your pick-up and go take a look
dialog: at some of the great work god's done out
dialog: here in the American west.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Alex...You're probably right. And I'm
dialog: going to take stock of that.
dialog: 116.
text: Chris offers a skeptical glance.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: No, I am.
text: A second skeptical glance. Which Ron squashes with
dialog: genuine sincerity.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: I am.
text: Chris buys it this time and feels he's accomplished
dialog: something with Ron.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: But I'll tell you something. The bits
dialog: and pieces I've put together, you know,
dialog: what you've told me about your family.
dialog: Your mother and dad. And I know you got
dialog: your problems with the church too, but
dialog: there's some kind of bigger thing that we
dialog: can all appreciate. And it sounds like
dialog: you don't mind calling it God. But when
dialog: you forgive, you love. And when you
dialog: love...God's light shines on you.
text: Miraculously, it is just at that moment that the cloud
text: clears from the sun and the light shines in Ron's eyes.
text: Chris points at Ron's face at the light shining on him -
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Holy Shit!
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I told you about that language.
text: The two men, their eyes welling up, fall back laughing.
text: EXTREME WIDE SHOT FROM BELOW: The two men on the summit
text: with the echoing of laughter and Ron's screams -
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you so! I told you so!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 206 INT. LAUNDRY ROOM, RON'S HOUSE - NIGHT (MARCH 11, 1992) 206
text: Chris pulls his laundry out of the dryer. He's got his
text: pack sitting in the doorway to the kitchen. He folds his
text: things and tucks them into his pack.
dialog: 117.
text: Ron appears in the doorway dressed for travel.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What are you doing up? It's three-thirty
text: in the morning.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Heard you get up off the couch half an
dialog: hour ago, and had a funny feeling you
dialog: might not be here for our breakfast.
text: Chris says nothing.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to drive you a hundred miles to
dialog: somewhere where you can pick up a train,
dialog: a plane, or hitch a ride without getting
dialog: stuck on this desert. I'd take you all
dialog: the way to Alaska if I didn't have to get
text: to an eight o'clock mass.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Ron, you don't have to do that.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I want to do it. Get you started on this
dialog: thing of yours.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: On my Great -
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I know. On your "Great Alaskan
dialog: Adventure."
text: From just out of Chris' eye-line, Ron leans out of frame,
text: picking up a zippered duffel bag. He opens it,
text: displaying the contents to Chris.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
text: There's a machete, an arctic parka,
text: collapsible fishing pole, and a few odds
dialog: and ends I threw in there for you.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Ron...
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Oh, just take it.
text: Chris does, nodding his thanks.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: RON (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll wait for you in the truck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 207 EXT. HIGHWAY 10, OUTSIDE SALTON CITY - DAWN 207
text: We follow the two men (on this nondescript locale)
text: driving along the highway east from dawn through sunrise.
text: They ride in silence through Coachchella Desert Center
dialog: and Blythe.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 208 EXT. HIGHWAY 10 208
text: The truck exits at a North/South junction 95.
scene_heading: 209 INT. RON'S TRUCK 209
text: As Ron begins to pull over.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: Well my friend.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yep.
text: Both of them are uncomfortable. Chris goes for the door
text: handle. Ron's gnarled hand reaches out to take Chris'
dialog: elbow.
text: After a long beat, Ron speaks without looking at Chris.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: I had an idea. You know my mother was an
dialog: only child. So was my father. And I was
dialog: their only child. Now, with my own boy
dialog: gone, I'm the end of the line. When I'm
dialog: gone, my family will be finished. What
dialog: do you say, you let me adopt you. I
dialog: could be, say, your grandfather.
text: This takes Chris by surprise. He knew it would be hard
dialog: but not this hard.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: How about we talk about this when I get
dialog: back from Alaska, Ron. Would that be
dialog: alright?
dialog: 119.
text: Silence. Ron nods. Releases Chris' elbow.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, Ron. We'll talk about it then.
speaker_heading: RON
dialog: (trying to mask. The
text: blinking, moist eyes again)
dialog: Yep. We can do that, yep.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Thanks, Ron.
text: Ron nods. Chris gets out of the truck. Ron watches as
text: Chris saddles up his bag including the duffel that Ron
dialog: gave him.
text: Chris crosses the exit junction to where he can pick up a
text: ride north on the far side of the road.
text: We ZOOM SLOWLY through the windshield into Ron's face as
text: he watches Chris hitching away.
text: We HEAR the first bars of Neil Young's My My, Hey Hey.
text: This will carry throughout the following MONTAGE.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 210 INT./EXT. VARIOUS - MONTAGE 210
text: 1. We ZOOM into Walt McCandless' face as he looks through
text: the Questar telescope that Chris had given him. ANGLE:
text: The stars through the telescope. The same stars his son
text: walks under...somewhere. We PAN ACROSS SPACE.
text: (Note: This montage will intercut Chris' traveling POV
dialog: with objective shots. However, we never SEE Chris.)
text: 2. We PULL BACK from the starry night sky to see it
text: framed from within a moving train.
text: 3. Carine in her shower, water cascades over her face.
text: 4. Billie in her kitchen, making dinner.
text: 5. Through the windshield of a semi-truck, the sun rises
dialog: on Glacier National Park.
text: 6. A HANDHELD ZOOM-OUT from Canadian border crossing,
text: CAMERA TURNS to the woods beyond and MOVES INTO THEM.
dialog: 120.
text: 7. SERIES OF TRAVELING SHOTS: (Through Skookumchuk and
dialog: Radium Junction, Lake Louise to Prince George and Dawson
scene_heading: Creek) STATIC NATURE SHOTS: HELICOPTER SHOTS
text: 8. On the bed in their van, Jan sits on Rainey's bare
text: feet while he does sit-ups.
text: 9. Ron holding a garage sale, while hooking a trailer to
dialog: his truck.
text: 10. Wayne being released from jail.
text: 11. Mads and Sonja, side by side, one-armed bandit-ing in
dialog: a Vegas casino.
text: 12. Tracy at a high school dance, slow-dancing with her *
dialog: young date.
text: 13. Looking through the windshield of another semi. A
text: bear lopes across the two-lane road before us. We PAN
text: and ZOOM with it into the tundra beside the road.
text: HANDHELD, WALKING, we pass Mile 0 of the Alaska highway:
dialog: The sign: Fairbanks 1523 miles.
text: 14. A waterfall.
text: 15. Intercut hand and thumb hitching - a sense that rides
dialog: are few and far between.
text: 16. A misting mountain peak.
text: 17. Beavers in streams.
text: 18. Melting blue ice-walls.
text: 19. A lynx skittering across a snowy mound.
text: 20. Walt and his telescope.
text: 21. The hitchhiker's VIEW on a two-lane road, walking
text: past a highway sign for the Yukon Territory. (Through
dialog: Johnson's Crossing, Whitehorse, and Beaver Creek.)
text: 22. From a passenger car window, a series of road signs
dialog: reading: Closed for winter.
speaker_heading: MUSIC FADE OUT
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: 211 INT. MCCANDLESS HOME, ANNANDALE - DAY 211
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: About a month short of the second
dialog: anniversary of Chris' disappearance, I
dialog: had gotten engaged to my boyfriend Jerry
dialog: Ray and was moving in with him...
text: Carine, packing her belongings into boxes, stumbles upon
dialog: the Sharon Olds book Chris had given her on his
dialog: graduation day.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...when I stumbled upon the book Chris
dialog: had given me on his graduation day. For
dialog: some reason, it was the last line of the
dialog: poem he read that really stuck out.
scene_heading: FLASH BACK: (From page 2-3)
scene_heading: 212 INT. DATSUN 212
text: Chris is holding a book from which he reads aloud the
text: LAST LINE OF THE POEM...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...and I will tell about it.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: I asked Chris who had written the poem.
text: What we SEE of Carine plays with the VOICE OVER TRACK and
text: SILENT with the production track; in essence lip synching
dialog: herself.
text: Chris' dialogue comes directly from the flashback image.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Who wrote that?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, it could've been either one of us.
dialog: Couldn't it?
text: We see pictures of Chris on the night-stand of Walt and
dialog: Billie's bedroom
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.)
dialog: What would he tell about now? What did
dialog: his voice sound like now?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CARINE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I realized that the words to my thoughts
dialog: were of less and less meaning. Chris was
dialog: writing his story and it had to be Chris
dialog: who would tell it.
text: The pictures in the scene BLUR as -
speaker_heading: CHRIS (O.C.)
text: (in a far away, tunnel-like
dialog: sound)
dialog: Mom, help me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 213 INT. BEDROOM, MCCANDLESS HOME, ANNANDALE - NIGHT 213
text: Billie sitting bolt upright in the middle of the night,
text: tears rolling down her cheeks.
text: Walt awakens beside her.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: I wasn't dreaming! I didn't imagine it!
text: I heard his voice, Walt. I heard Chris.
text: Walt takes her in his arms, trying to squeeze life into
text: both of them.
scene_heading: CHAPTER 6: DELIVERANCE
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 214 FAIRBANKS ALASKA, SERIES OF STATIC IMAGES: 214
text: Berms of cleared snow line the streets
scene_heading: 1. A GAS STATION (Gold Hill Gas and Liquor)
text: We see Chris' writing appear on screen:
speaker_heading: APRIL 27, 1992
scene_heading: 2. OLD ALASKA PROSPECTOR'S STORE
speaker_heading: WAYNE,
text: GREETINGS FROM FAIRBANKS! THIS IS THE LAST TIME YOU
text: SHALL HEAR FROM ME. ARRIVED HERE TWO DAYS AGO.
speaker_heading: 3. A SALOON
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: 4. A LIBRARY
text: IT WAS VERY DIFFICULT TO CATCH RIDES IN THE YUKON
scene_heading: TERRITORY.
scene_heading: 5. TRAIN STATION
scene_heading: 6. BARBER SHOP
text: BUT I FINALLY GOT HERE. PICKED UP A NEW BOOK ON THE
scene_heading: LOCAL FLORA AND FAUNA (TANAINA PLANTLORE / DENA'INA
scene_heading: K'ET'UNA: AN ETHNOBOTANY OF THE DENA'INA INDIANS OF
scene_heading: SOUTHCENTRAL ALASKA BY PRISCILLA RUSSELL KARI)
scene_heading: 7. BOOKSTORE
text: MIGHT BE A VERY LONG TIME BEFORE I RETURN SOUTH. BUT I'M
text: PREPARED AND HAVE STOCKED ALL NECESSARY COMFORTS TO LIVE
text: OFF THE LAND FOR A FEW MONTHS.
text: 8. A GUN AND SPORTING GOOD STORE
scene_heading: INCLUDING A NYLON 66 MODEL SEMIAUTOMATIC .22 REMINGTON.
text: JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW, YOU'RE A GREAT MAN. I NOW
text: WALK (PAUSE WRITING ON SCREEN) INTO THE WILD.
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: 9. A SIGN AGAINST A RADIO TOWER "RADIO FAIRBANKS"(Perhaps
dialog: we hear a weather report)
scene_heading: 215 EXT. ALASKAN RANGE (STAMPEDE TRAIL) - DAY 215
text: We return to the area of Scene #1.
text: MUSIC OVER: Of religious scope. Perhaps choral.
text: HELICOPTER SHOT: We travel a long ways across snowy
text: peaks and valleys (clearly far from anywhere) passing
text: between two escarpments of outer range bordering
text: bottomlands five miles wide until we barely see a tiny
text: form within it trudging through the snow. We overfly it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 216 EXT. STAMPEDE TRAIL - DAY 216
text: Chris, crunching through two to three feet (not more) of
text: snow, in arctic parka, big boots, his warm hat, rifle
text: slung over his shoulder, and pack.
dialog: 124.
text: He moves TOWARD CAMERA. We PAN AROUND with him as he
text: walks past, where beyond Chris on the snow plain, rises a
text: tree line.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 217 EXT. TEKLANIKA RIVER - DAY 217
text: Its banks lined with a jagged shelf of frozen overflow.
text: At its center, a channel of gently flowing water, opaque
text: with glacial till. Beyond the far ice shelf, Chris
text: appears from the riverside treeline. He eases across the
text: ice, then wades through the latte-colored channel and on
text: to the other side.
text: REVERSE ANGLE: Chris moving toward the opposite tree
text: line, he turns back to the gentle river behind. Chris'
text: POV scanning the terrain.
text: From the river to a distant mountain peak and then to a
text: second mountain peak, triangulating his location. He
text: makes a drawing on a pad of paper and piles some medium-
text: sized rocks to mark the spot before moving on into the
dialog: trees.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 218 EXT. VAST ALASKAN SNOWSCAPE - DAY 218
text: Total silence across the beatific white vista of snow,
text: mountain, and colorless trees UNTIL a DISTANT ECHOING
speaker_heading: GUNSHOT.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 219 EXT. CAMPSITE, BESIDE SUSHANA RIVER - NIGHT 219
text: Chris has skinned and is cooking a squirrel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 220 EXT. CAMPSITE, BESIDE SUSHANA RIVER - MORNING 220
text: Chris packs the last of his camp and begins his march
text: upriver.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: 221 EXT. UPRIVER - DAY 221
text: As Chris walks upon a clearing in the tree line, he
text: catches his first glimpse of Denali's (Mt. McKinley's)
text: high-blinding white bulwarks. Chris stands in awe. We
text: remain in his WIDE-SHOT POV as it -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SAME SHOT - NIGHT
text: But now Chris' tent sits in its foreground with the
text: moonlit Denali still visible.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 222 EXT. WOODS BESIDE RIVER - DAY 222
text: CAMERA ANGLED SKYWARD into the broken rays of grey light.
text: We TILT DOWN to find (and TRACK through the trees with)
text: Chris moving along the river, when he sees something just
speaker_heading: OFF CAMERA.
text: Chris' POV: Through the trees and fireweed, he sees
text: something metallic and rusty. Chris moves up through the
text: underbrush and the snow into the narrow tree line and on
text: into the clearing, where before him:
text: A DERELICT SCHOOL BUS. It is a vintage International
dialog: Harvester from the 1940's.
text: Chris approaches the bus, lifts the hood a little bit
text: seeing that the engine is gone. As he moves around the
text: vehicle, we see several windows are cracked or missing
text: altogether. The green and white paint is badly oxidized.
dialog: Weathered lettering: Fairbanks City Transit System Bus
dialog: 142.
scene_heading: 223 INT. BUS 223
text: Broken whiskey bottles litter the floor. Chris may well
text: have found his new home. The bus is outfitted with a
text: bunk and a barrel stove. Previous visitors had left it
text: stocked with matches, bug dope, and other essentials.
scene_heading: 224 EXT. BUS 224
text: We follow Chris back out of the bus, surveying the area
text: of the clearing. He loves what he sees.
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: CELEBRATORY MUSIC OVER:
text: He runs up a berm to look down into the river.
text: He runs from corner to corner of this "Magic Bus" area
text: like a new bride surveying her honeymoon suite with glee.
text: He climbs a tree, swings from its branch, doing a flip in
text: the air, landing on his feet, but then slipping on the
text: snow and onto his butt and then onto his back. He grabs
text: a handful of snow, shoves it in his mouth, melts it into
text: water, and swallows it.
text: CRANE SHOT: We PULL UP from Chris to high above the
dialog: clearing.
speaker_heading: MUSIC FADES OUT
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 225 INT./EXT. BUS 225
text: He re-enters the bus and pulls his pen from his pocket,
text: scribbling on the wall of the bus:
text: TWO YEARS HE WALKS THE EARTH. NO PHONE,
scene_heading: NO POOL, NO PETS, NO CIGARETTES, ULTIMATE
scene_heading: FREEDOM. AN EXTREMIST. AND AESTHETIC
text: VOYAGER WHOSE HOME IS...
text: ANGLE: Chris: He continues to write as he SPEAKS the
dialog: words aloud:
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...the road. Escaped from Atlanta. Thou
dialog: shalt not return `cause the "west is the
dialog: best." And now after two rambling years,
dialog: comes the final and greatest adventure.
text: Chris is cleaning up the bus.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
text: The climactic battle to kill the false
text: being within and victoriously conclude
dialog: the spiritual revolution.
text: Chris shoveling snow away from the bus entrance with a
dialog: rock.
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Ten days and nights of freight trains and
text: hitchhiking, bringing him to the great
dialog: white north.
text: Back to Chris, REAL TIME as he continues to write as he
dialog: speaks:
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: No longer to be poisoned by civilization,
text: he flees, and walks alone upon the land
text: to become lost in the wild.
dialog: Chris signs his doctrine -
scene_heading: ALEXANDER SUPERTRAMP MAY 1992
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
scene_heading: 226 INT. BUS 226
text: Chris posts a found piece of paper on the inner wall of
text: the bus alongside his doctrine.
text: CU: Chris' hand, he writes and circles the number:
scene_heading: 1 - MAGIC BUS DAY.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 227 EXT. BUS - DAY 227
text: Chris comes out, rifle in hand. We TRACK with him as he
text: moves into the woods on the hunt.
scene_heading: SERIES OF ANGLES:
text: Chris searching for game. He moves through the woods
text: along the river and at the base of a nearby mountain.
dialog: Finding animals for food seems more difficult than
dialog: expected.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 228 EXT. A MOUNTAIN SADDLE - DAY 228
text: Chris stumbles upon a caribou as it steps out from the
text: woods. He lines up his rifle on the animal, about to
text: pull the trigger, when its calf appears beside it.
dialog: 128.
text: He lowers his rifle, unwilling to take a shot that would
text: separate mother and child.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: 229 EXT. WOODS - DAY 229
text: A spruce grouse is spied on a foreground branch.
dialog: BANG!
text: The branch splinters and the bird makes haste.
text: ANGLE: Chris, rifle in hand.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 230 INT. BUS - NIGHT 230
text: Chris, cooking rice. We see his single bag of rice. Its
dialog: amount tells us the hunting had better improve soon.
text: We explore a PASSAGE OF TIME throughout which CHRIS GETS
text: INCREASINGLY THIN AND PALE: hunting, sleeping, cooking,
text: rice dwindling, line-ups of scrawny shot birds. He adds
text: holes to his belt leather to accommodate his shrinking
dialog: waistline.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 231 EXT. SNOWY PLAIN - DAY 231
dialog: BANG!
text: Chris bags a squirrel on a snowy plain.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 232 INT. BUS - LATER 232
text: Chris eats his measly catch but looks to his bag of rice
text: with concern, perhaps only a day or so left of his
text: rations. We come to the diary/log posted on the wall.
dialog: We see that he has been there for a week's worth of
text: entries as the squirrel is mentioned on day seven.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: 232A OMITTED 232A
speaker_heading: 232B OMITTED 232B
scene_heading: 233 INT. BUS - MORNING 233
text: Chris is awakened by a new May sun, streaming light
text: through the windows of the bus.
text: POV: the sun, circling high in the heavens. Snowmelt
text: dripping quickly across the windowpane.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 233A EXT. BUS - DAY 233A
text: Chris dances atop the bus, naked in the new spring.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 233B INT. BUS - DAY 233B
text: Chris shaves.
dialog: (Note: We are in a time of year in this part of the world
text: where the sun dips behind the horizon only four hours a
dialog: day)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 234 INT./EXT. BUS - DAY 234
text: INTERCUT: SERIES OF ANGLES throughout which Chris remains
text: thin but his pallor improves:
dialog: 1. The diary/log representing a small improvement on the
dialog: hunting front.
text: 2. Undergrowth exposing itself through snowmelt.
text: 3. Establish a small waterfall near the bus.
dialog: Landing on:
speaker_heading: 129A.
scene_heading: 235 EXT. WOODS - DAY 235
text: The snow has now all but vanished except on north-facing
text: slopes and shadowy ravines, exposing a range carpeted in
text: an amalgam of muskeg, alder thickets, and veins of
text: scrawny spruce.
dialog: 130.
text: Chris traipses along the seasons rose hips and
text: lingonberries, which he gathers in great quantity and
text: snacks on as he walks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 236 EXT. WOODS - DAY 236
text: Chris shoots a porcupine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 237 INT. BUS - DAY 237
scene_heading: The diary/log: DAY 30 - PORCUPINE
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 238 EXT. PEAK, NEARBY BUTTE - DAY 238
text: Chris stands triumphant at the peak of a 3000 foot butte
text: overlooking the bus. CIRCLE CAMERA around him 360
text: degrees recording the broad vista.
text: ANGLE: CU - He's beaming with satisfaction.
text: We begin a SLOW ZOOM OUT and then accelerate the ZOOM
text: encompassing the entire grandeur of the mountain with
text: Chris at its peak.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 239 INT. BUS - LATER 239
scene_heading: The diary/log: DAY 31 - CLIMBED MOUNTAIN
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 240 EXT. BUS ENVIRONS - COLLAGE - DAY 240
scene_heading: COLLAGE TIME IN A SERIES OF DISSOLVES:
dialog: 1. The diary/log: MAP AREA.
text: Chris surveying and taking notes of area.
text: 2. The diary/log: IMPROVISE A BATHTUB AND SMUDGE POT
dialog: 131.
text: Chris building a bathtub out in the front.
text: 3. The diary/log: COLLECT SKINS AND FEATHERS TO SEW INTO
text: CLOTHING.
text: Chris hunting and skinning.
scene_heading: 4. The diary/log: CONSTRUCT BRIDGE ACROSS NEARBY NARROW
speaker_heading: CREEK.
text: Chris knee-deep in slow-moving water constructing a make-
text: shift bridge across narrow creek.
text: 5. The diary/log: BLAZE NETWORK OF HUNTING TRAILS.
text: Chris making a trail with his machete when -
text: A MOOSE appears from a nearby thicket. Chris drops the
text: machete and pulls his rifle from his shoulder. The moose
text: looks ready to charge Chris. There's no choice.
text: Chris aims carefully and fires six straight shots into
text: the moose's head, dropping it. Chris can hardly believe
text: his own success. He puts the rifle back on his shoulder,
text: just staring at the dead moose. He begins back-pedalling
text: away from it. Bit by bit, his steps turn into a jog and
text: then he turns and runs back toward the bus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 241 INT. BUS 241
dialog: (Director's Note: Handheld)
text: Chris scrambles through his pack and finds the piece of
dialog: paper where he had written notes of how to cure beef by
text: smoking it, taught to him by Kevin, Wayne's hunter friend
dialog: back in South Dakota.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: 242 EXT. WOODS - SAME 242
text: Back at the kill, the slow process of butchering begins.
dialog: (This ain't going to be pretty.)
scene_heading: INTERCUT REPRESENTATIVE IMAGES WITH FOLLOWING DIARY/LOG
speaker_heading: ENTRIES:
scene_heading: 1. The diary/log: BUTCHERING EXTREMELY DIFFICULT.
speaker_heading: 131A.
text: 2. The diary/log: FLY AND MOSQUITO HORDES.
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: 3. The diary/log: REMOVE INTESTINES, LIVER, KIDNEY, ONE
text: LUNG, STEAKS.
text: 4. The diary/log: GOT HIND QUARTERS AND LEGS TO STREAM.
text: 5. The diary/log: REMOVE HEART.
text: 6. The diary/log: DIGS SMOKER HOLE INTO EXISTING CAVE.
text: 7. The diary/log: HAUL NEAR CAVE.
text: 8. The diary/log: TRY TO PROTECT WITH SMOKER.
scene_heading: 9. The diary/log: CAN ONLY WORK NIGHTS. KEEP SMOKERS
dialog: GOING.
scene_heading: 10. The diary/log: MAGGOTS ALREADY. SMOKING APPEARS
scene_heading: INEFFECTIVE. LOOKS LIKE DISASTER. WISH I'D NEVER SHOT
scene_heading: MOOSE. GREAT TRAGEDY.
text: 11. The diary/log: ABANDON CARCASS TO WOLVES.
text: We see Chris hidden behind a rise, watching a WOLF PACK
text: tug at the rancid meat from the carcass.
scene_heading: 243 EXT./INT. BUS - DAY + NIGHT 243
scene_heading: SERIES OF ANGLES:
text: In and out of the bus. Day and night, portraying Chris
text: mourning his killing of the moose. He even plants a
text: cross by its skeletal remains.
scene_heading: 244 EXT. BUS ENVIRONS 244
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: Sunrise and nature awakens. Bird songs and flower
text: blooms. A waterfall cascades.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 245 INT. BUS - DAY 245
text: Chris reading Tolstoy's Family Happiness. His POV: The
dialog: page: what Chris reads:
dialog: I have lived through much and now I think I have found
dialog: what is needed for happiness.
dialog: 133.
text: A quiet, secluded life in the country with the
dialog: possibility of being useful to people...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 246 EXT. BUS - DAY 246
text: Chris sits amongst the pink bunches of fireweed choking
text: the vehicles wheel wells, growing higher than the axles,
text: his back leaning against the bus, finishing the reading
dialog: of Family Happiness.
text: ANGLE: Chris, reading with great interest. His POV: The
dialog: page: what Chris reads:
dialog: And then, on top of all that, you for a mate, and
dialog: children, perhaps - what more can the heart of a man
dialog: desire?
text: ANGLE: Chris: He looks up from his book. A gentle breeze
text: tickles morning flowers. The sunlight dances in a
text: coppice of aspen and leaves of trees above. The sound of
text: buzzing flies mutes. He is taking one last look at his
dialog: paradise.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 246A EXT. SMALL WATERFALL NEAR BUS - DAY 246A
speaker_heading: Chris showers (PHOTO-SONIC)
scene_heading: MUSIC, LYNYRD SKYNYRD'S Simple Man (lyrics in cursive)
text: begins to play OVER:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 247 INT. BUS 247
dialog: My momma told me / when I was young
text: Chris packs his gear.
dialog: Come sit beside me / my only son
text: A last look about the bus.
scene_heading: 248 EXT. SUSHANA RIVER - DAY 248
dialog: Listen closely / what I say
dialog: 134.
text: Full pack and rifle mounted in WIDE SHOT beside the
dialog: Sushana River.
dialog: If you do this it will help you / some sunny day
scene_heading: 249 EXT. ALASKA TRAIL - DAY 249
scene_heading: MUSIC CONTINUES OVER:
text: A SERIES OF ANGLES:
dialog: Just take your time / don't live too fast
text: We pass the familiar landmark of the Mt. McKinley
text: clearing where Chris had camped.
dialog: Troubles w ill come / and they will pass
text: Chris walking and camping his way back to the Teklanika
text: River and the road home.
dialog: Find a woman / you'll find love
dialog: and don't forget son / there's someone up above...
speaker_heading: MUSIC FADES OUT
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 250 EXT. TEKLANIKA RIVER - DAY 250
text: In the trees beside the river, we find Chris. The river
text: is not yet in sight but Chris starts to HEAR it: A
text: building rumble.
text: As Chris exits the treeline, there she is: The Teklanika
text: at full flood. Seventy-five foot wide banks, replacing
text: the narrow ice canal of four months earlier. Snowmelt
text: from glaciers high in the Alaska range, its opaque
text: glacial sediment the color of wet concrete. And what had
text: been a distant rumble in the woods, now had the volume
text: and power of a freight train, a seventy-five foot wide
dialog: one.
text: Chris grabs a hold of a riverside branch and takes one
text: slow, careful step into the river. Without mercy, WHAM!
text: the river kicks his feet out from under him! The branch
text: he holds SNAPS! By some miracle, his hands move like
text: lightening and he grabs a lower, sturdier branch below,
text: saving himself from a certain death.
dialog: 135.
text: We SEE the broken branch catapulted down river and into a
text: rocky shoot below. He pulls himself back onto the bank,
text: drops his pack at riverside, and eases to a sitting
text: position beside it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 251 INT. BUS - NIGHT 251
text: It's pouring rain outside. The rain pelts the top of the
dialog: bus.
text: Chris' pack is thrown onto the bunk. His hand appears at
text: the diary/log on the wall. He writes:
scene_heading: DAY 82 - DISASTER. RAINED IN. RIVER CROSSING
scene_heading: IMPOSSIBLE. LONELY, SCARED.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 252 EXT. BUS, THE EDGE OF ITS SURROUNDING CLEARING - DAY 252
text: EXTREME CU: Beaded and shimmering from the past night's
text: rain, a bright red berry moves in the breeze like a tiny
text: vibrating bell. RACK FOCUS to Chris' eyes spying it. He
text: plucks it from its stem.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 253 EXT. BUS - DAY 253
text: Chris adds another hole to tighten his belt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 254 INT. BUS - DAY 254
text: Chris looking very thin. Too thin. He is noshing on a
dialog: bag of collected berries while reading from Boris
dialog: Pasternak's Doctor Zhivago.
speaker_heading: ANGLE: The book
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)(O.C.)
text: Here she stopped and, closing her eyes,
text: took a deep breath of the flower-scented
text: air of the broad expanse around her. It
dialog: was dearer to her than her kin, better
dialog: than a lover, wiser than a book.
dialog: 136.
text: ANGLE: Chris pulls more berries from the bag and chews on
text: them as he reads.
speaker_heading: ANGLE: The book
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)(O.C.)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
text: For a moment, she re-discovered the
dialog: purpose of her life. She was here in
dialog: earth to grasp the meaning of its wild
dialog: enchantment and call each thing by its
dialog: right name.
speaker_heading: ANGLE: Chris
speaker_heading: CHRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (echoing)
dialog: By its right name. By its right name.
text: He puts down the book and brings one of the ripe berries
text: in front of his face (as close as shot of when he picked
dialog: it.)
text: Chris then grabs Tanaina Plantlore, the flora and fauna
dialog: book he had gotten from the library in Fairbanks. And it
text: takes him out of the bus like a divining rod. His nose
text: in the book, he follows it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 255 EXT. BUS - DAY 255
dialog: Plant to plant. Bush to bush.
text: SPEAKING ALOUD the names of everything he sees as he
text: identifies them with the book.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Beautiful blueberries - Vaccinium
dialog: uliginosum. Eskimo potato - Hedysarum
dialog: alpinum...etc.
text: We follow Chris over a number of days as he eats from
dialog: these identified species of plant, each being logged, one
text: by one by name on the bus diary/log.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: 256 EXT. SUSHANA RIVER - DAY 256
text: With Tanaina Plantlore by his side, Chris digs into the
text: soft earth on the berm of the river bank and digs up a
dialog: wild potato root.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 257 INT. BUS - NIGHT 257
text: Chris pulls the seeds from the root, noshing on them as
dialog: he reads from Doctor Zhivago.
text: We drift from him reading to the diary/log on the wall.
dialog: The day representing: July 24th
scene_heading: The diary/log: WILD POTATO ROOT
text: We drift back to Chris. Fatigue shows in his eyes as he
text: puts the book down and lays down to sleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 258 EXT. BUS - MORNING (JULY 30 1992) 258
text: WIDE SHOT of the bus. It's a beautiful July morning.
text: Birds chirp in the trees. A soft breeze sweeping down
text: from the mountains massages the valley below.
text: We SLOWLY ZOOM into the bus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 259 INT./EXT. BUS - SAME 259
text: The open bag of seeds beside Chris' sleeping body. We
text: drift over to Chris' face, his lips de-hydrated, and skin
text: parched. He breathes heavily. He awakens. He tries to
text: sit up. It's a terrible struggle. Barely makes it to
text: his feet.
text: Chris stumbles to the door of the bus, looking up at the
text: hot sun. He has to sit back down on the small bus steps.
text: From his position on the step, he leans back into the bus
text: and is able to grab his water jug. He pours it into his
text: mouth but nothing seems to satiate or hydrate him. He
text: drinks it all. It spills over his face and chest.
dialog: 138.
text: We observe Chris for a moment as the wheels turn inside
text: his haunted eyes. And a curiosity seems to overtake him.
text: He crawls back to his copy of Tanaina Plantlore, flipping
text: the pages one by one until he arrives at the photograph
text: identifying the wild potato root and the word "edible"
text: beside it. He reads the page to its conclusion and as
text: almost an afterthought, turns the page to see if there
dialog: might be more.
dialog: The word -
speaker_heading: POISON
text: jumps off the page at him.
text: The book describes the tiny green seeds of the potato
dialog: root and warns that those with:
text: lateral veins, such as those invisible on the leaflets of
dialog: wild sweet peas are poisonous.
dialog: The words -
dialog: ...leading to partial motor paralysis...
dialog: ...inhibition of digestion...
dialog: ...nausea, starvation...
scene_heading: ECU: ...STARVATION
text: CRASH ZOOM into Chris' face, realizing his desperate
dialog: plight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 260 EXT. BUS 260
text: Chris kneels, holding one of the potato seeds to the
dialog: sunlight and there we see them -
text: the lateral veins that indicate poisonous seeds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 261 INT. BUS 261
scene_heading: ANGLE: The diary/log: EXTREMELY WEAK. FAULT OF POTATO
text: SEED.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 139.
scene_heading: 262 EXT. BUS - DAY 262
text: Chris, barely able to walk, moves, at the pace of an
text: elderly man, with his rifle, through the underbrush. He
dialog: needs food now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 263 EXT. WOODS - DAY 263
text: He shoots a squirrel. But as he moves toward what he
text: thinks is his kill, the squirrel makes off with a
text: bleeding tail. Chris fires several desperate shots at
text: the squirrel but misses with each one.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 264 INT. BUS - NIGHT 264
text: Chris, having a fitful sleep. Short breaths and
text: mutterings.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 265 EXT. CLEARING AROUND BUS - NIGHT 265
text: A big moon shines above and we find on a tree branch, the
text: squirrel Chris had clipped in the tail earlier in the
text: day. On the last legs of bleeding to death, it falls
text: from the tree.
text: The moon becomes the sun and we pass a couple of days
text: through visions of the nature about in varying light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 266 EXT. SUSHANA RIVER - DAY 266
text: Chris labors up the riverbank with his water jug full.
text: He is shirtless and absolutely emaciated. Frightening.
text: He pauses at the river's edge to take air into his lungs.
text: It's all he can do just to breath.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE TABLEAU (CONTINUOUS): Chris standing at the
text: river's edge catching his breath framed against the
dialog: background of the 3000 foot butte that he'd so recently
dialog: climbed with ease.
dialog: 140.
text: Now, maintaining this tableau, something moves from near
text: CAMERA RIGHT into frame. Bit by bit we'll realize it's a
text: LARGE BEAR ENTERING FRAME and moving away from camera
text: toward Chris. It lumbers to within feet of him.
text: CU OVER BEAR onto Chris: Chris, passive to the bear's
dialog: presence.
text: ANGLE: The bear, just as passive towards Chris, as though
dialog: he didn't represent enough of anything to eat.
text: BACK TO TABLEAU as the bear, passing Chris, disappears
text: over the rise toward the river. Chris, a motionless and
text: slight silhouette.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 266A INT. BUS - NIGHT 266A
text: Chris lays on the floor. CU Chris: Orange light twinkles
text: in his eyes. Chris' POV: through the bus window, we see
text: the orange glow of smoke rising into the air. CU: Chris
text: writes in his diary log.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: Set small signal fire today - watched it
dialog: die tonight.
text: Back to POV as the ambient orange light fades into the
text: blackness of smoke.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 267 INT. BUS - DAY 267
scene_heading: The diary/log: DAY 100 - MADE IT. BUT IN WEAKEST
text: CONDITION OF LIFE. TOO WEAK TO WALK OUT. HAVE LITERALLY
scene_heading: BECOME TRAPPED IN THE WILD - NO GAME IN SIGHT.
scene_heading: A SUBTLE DRUM (HEART)BEAT BEGINS OVER:
text: Chris plops himself down into the middle of the bus. He
text: shakes his head as if trying to say something, and then
text: considers his rifle and abundant ammunition. But taking
dialog: his own life to avoid the agony of starvation is not an
dialog: option for him. "No, no, no, don't do this to me." The
text: frustration builds enough adrenaline in him to scream
dialog: out.
dialog: 141.
text: He does, but with a low, gurgled animal sound. He shakes
text: it off and looks to his copy of Doctor Zhivago for
text: distraction. Thumbing through the pages he focuses his
text: eyes on the page -
dialog: ANGLE: The page: what he reads:
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.0)(O.C.)
dialog: And that an unshared happiness is not
dialog: happiness...
text: Chris steals his pencil from within the pages of the
text: book, scribbling across the page:
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)(O.C.)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
text: HAPPINESS ONLY REAL WHEN SHARED.
text: He flips backwards a couple of pages to where he had
dialog: written the quote:
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)(O.C.)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
text: CALL EVERYTHING BY ITS RIGHT NAME.
text: He tears the back cover off the book and scratching the
text: pencil across its blank side, writing these words
text: quickly, as if in panic:
text: I HAVE HAD A HAPPY LIFE AND THANK THE LORD. GOODBYE AND
dialog: MAY GOD BLESS ALL!
text: And now, these words arrive slowly as we HEAR Chris
dialog: repeating:
speaker_heading: CHRIS (O.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (with a weak voice)
dialog: Call everything by its right name.
text: The drumbeat increases as he signs the note:
scene_heading: CHRISTOPHER JOHNSON MCCANDLESS.
text: We move from the page back up to Chris. We see that he
text: has put on his eyeglasses to strengthen the vision of his
text: weakening sight. He removes them, folds them, and lays
text: them by his side. His body begins to tremble. His eyes
text: dance wildly.
text: The drumming intensifies.
text: Chris takes one last look out the window. The sun is
text: covered by a well-defined and puffy cloud.
dialog: 142.
text: His arm nearing spasm reaches up to the bunk, grasping at
text: the blue sleeping bag made by his mother.
text: With great suffering and shattering trembles, he forces
text: his body to defy its agony and pushes it into the
text: sleeping bag.
text: SKYWARD, the cloud obscuring the sun.
text: Drumbeats ESCALATE - BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
text: We TIGHTEN on Chris' anguished face.
dialog: (Director's note: These CU's on Chris' face, combine
text: both static and hand-held CUs, upside down and right-side
text: up moving, zooms, and push-ins. Straight, side, and
text: dutch angles. Perhaps some intermittent distortion.)
scene_heading: 268 INT./EXT. BUS 268
dialog: *
text: We INTERCUT between Chris and the sky in a dance
text: transitioning to the next world. It is hopeful,
text: anguished, sad, and elated.
dialog: 143.
scene_heading: 269 INT./EXT. ANNANDALE HOUSE - DAY 269
text: Chris, approaching the Annandale house. His backpack on
dialog: and body healthy.
text: Billie parts the curtains, ecstatic to see Chris
text: approach, alive and healthy.
text: We SEE but do not hear her call to Walt.
text: A smiling Chris steps up the curb, approaching home.
text: Walt and Billie - we PUSH INTO them as they gleefully run
text: out the front door to their returning son.
text: PUSH INTO Chris - he dispatches his backpack to the
text: ground and runs toward his parents' embrace.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: What if you saw me running into your
dialog: arms...
text: Chris, Walt, and Billie on the cusp of a jubilant and
dialog: loving embrace!
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you see then...
text: The DRUMMING resumes with a BLAST OF BASS and before an
dialog: embrace is possible...
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...what I see now?
scene_heading: A SUDDEN CUT TO:
scene_heading: 270 INT. BUS 270
speaker_heading: TOTAL SILENCE
text: Chris looking at the sky, a cathartic tear falls from his
text: left eye. Another from his right as the obscuring cloud
text: clears the sun.
dialog: 144.
text: Chris: The LAST, AIRY EXPULSION OF HIS BREATH.
text: His open face as the clearing light of the sun shines in
text: his eyes. It is a face of peace, love, a face of true,
text: deep serenity.
text: The eyes joyously open and the corners of his mouth ease
text: into the subtle smile of euphoric wisdom.
text: That's the way he settles to stillness, looking directly
dialog: into our camera.
dialog: And he died alive.
dialog: He made it. He lived. He loved.
text: Cat Stevens' Miles from Nowhere plays OVER:
text: As we PULL AWAY from Chris' face through the bus window
dialog: and up into the sky -
text: We drift further and further away, above the stunted
text: trees and the shimmering roof of the bus like a tiny
text: white gleam in a wild green sea grows smaller and
dialog: smaller.
text: REPRISE IMAGE of truck driver taking picture of Chris in
dialog: scene #1.
dialog: Then it's him:
text: The smiling STILL IMAGE we saw taken in the first scene
text: from behind, but now we are seeing it from the front and
text: it is the image of the real Christopher McCandless on the
text: edge of the Stampede Trail. As it takes over the screen,
text: we ZOOM SLOWLY into his smiling face. And then, these
text: words appear superimposed over it:
dialog: Dedicated to the memory of Christopher Johnson McCandless
dialog: February 12, 1968 - August 18th, 1992
text: As those words dissolve, these words appear:
text: On September 19, 1992, Carine McCandless flew with her
text: brother's ashes from Alaska home to the eastern seaboard.
text: She carried them with her on the plane...in her backpack.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
