dialog: 
dialog: isleofthedead.html
dialog: "ISLE OF THE DEAD"
dialog: by
dialog: Ardel Wray & Josef Mischel
text: The MAIN and CREDIT TITLES are SUPERIMPOSED over a MATTE
text: SCENE of the Isle of the Dead. When the last CREDIT TITLE
text: DISSOLVES, the painting is left clear for a moment and then
dialog: there FADE IN the following words:
text: WHEN WAR AND TUMULT TORMENT THE EARTH,
dialog: THE DEAD ARE DISQUIETED: THERE IS
scene_heading: FRENZY IN THE GRAVE. HERODOTUS
text: When this inscription has remained on the screen long enough
text: to be read, underneath it appear in block letters the words:
speaker_heading: GREECE - 1912
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: CLOSE SHOT— Cerberus — night. The three-headed guardian of
text: the dead, The marble figure glares watchfully from one head
text: while the other two seem to drowse in sleep.
scene_heading: INT. HEADQUARTERS TENT — NIGHT
text: CLOSE SLOT — the hand of General Nikolas Pherides The
text: General's hand spasmodically opens and closes around the hilt
text: of a sword which has been struck into the earth, point
dialog: foremost as a support.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal his naked forearm and from
text: this forearm gush gouts of arterial blood. The blood falls
text: into an enamel basin,
text: Over this CLOSE SHOT VOICES can be heard.
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER'S VOICE
text: Dead on the field, four thousand
dialog: five hundred seventy—two of the
dialog: enemy — three thousand of our own
text: men. Burial parties are already at
dialog: work. We are assigning men from
dialog: every company to clear the field,
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS' VOICE
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Tell them to pour lime in the
dialog: graves.
text: The CAMERA IS DRAWING BACK to reveal General Nikolas
text: Pherides, the commander of a Greek army corps, seated behind
text: a small table His left hand is outstretched to the
text: barber—surgeon who kneels at his side and is engaged in
dialog: bleeding him,
speaker_heading: FIRST OFFICER'S VOICE
dialog: (same tone)
dialog: Enemy casualties estimated as nine
dialog: thousand —— prisoners ——five
dialog: hundred.
text: The CAMERA CONTINUES DRAWING BACK to disclose the entire mise
text: on scene. Four Greek officers stand before the General. Two
text: are great burly line officers; their uniform tunics open at
text: the neck, their caps on the back of their heads and their
text: great sabres trailing along the ground. The third is a
text: medical officer, Dr. Alexander Drossos. He is excessively
text: neat and dandified in his uniform, with pince—nez glasses set
text: perfectly straight on the bridge of his nose. The fourth is
text: an Adjutant, military enough in dress and bearing but with a
text: great brigand's mustache and merry black eyes. At the
text: General's right hand sits a young American, Oliver Davis, a
text: reporter for the New York Morning Globe. He is dressed in the
dialog: semi—uniform outfit which Richard Harding Davis popularized:
text: breeches, leather leggings and a khaki tunic of military cut.
text: While the rest talk, he is busily scribbling on a pad,
text: without paying the least attention to any of then.
text: The second officer breaks in on the first officer's report,
text: unable to restrain his enthusiasm longer
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER
dialog: A greet battle —— a great victory!
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT — General Pherides and Dr Drossos.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: To be sure . Enough blood spilled
dialog: to satisfy anyone --
dialog: (turning to the General)
dialog: except General Nikolas Pherides.
dialog: You're letting that fool drain your
dialog: life away.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Your father always prescribed it,
dialog: and I'm alive to tell you so.
text: FULL SHOT — the entire party inside the tent. In the
text: meantime, the barber-surgeon has finished his work and is
text: binding up the General's arm. He cinches the bandage tight.
text: The doctor shrugs.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: At least get a decent night's
dialog: sleep.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Consider it a prescription from my
dialog: father..
text: The General nods. The three officers and the Adjutant leave,
text: pausing at the tent flap to call back their "good nights".
text: Hardly have they gone when the General rises from his chair
text: and begins to pace the narrow floor of the tent; his shadow
text: walking with him on the side walls and ceiling. The young
text: correspondent looks up and watches him. Finally, he speaks.
scene_heading: MED. TWO SHOT - Oliver and the General.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Why not Take the doctor's advice?
dialog: You're the hero of the battle of
dialog: Corphon.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Hero?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (insistently)
dialog: In the New York Morning Globe,
dialog: the man who wins victory is always
dialog: a hero. -
text: The General puts his hand on Oliver's arm.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Listen ——
text: Both men are silent in an attitude of listening - from
text: outside can be heard distantly the screaming and groaning of
dialog: the wounded.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You know that sound, Oliver?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I heard the same sound at
dialog: Ladysmith, at Nukden, Port
dialog: Arthur. What do you expect
dialog: after a battle?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You were at those battles as a
dialog: spectator — — I wonder if you can
dialog: think what that sound might mean to
dialog: me —— those men out there —— dead
dialog: or dying —— by my order -- because
dialog: I willed it so.
text: CLOSE TWO SHOT — Oliver and the General. Oliver holds up the
text: lantern and tries to peer into the darkness. The General
text: starts off and Oliver falls into step behind him. They pass a
text: sentry who salutes. Only the lighted lantern can be seen as
text: they go into the darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEFIELD - NIGHT
text: The CAMERA in SET UP TO SHOOT PAST the heaped-up dead. The
text: only illumination is the lantern which Oliver carries, he and
text: the General pick their way between the dead.
text: ANOTHER ASPECT of the battlefield - an ox cart loaded with
text: the dead, some of them tied to the rear axle by their naked
text: legs. Two men, in the hooded coats worn by the infantry of
text: the Balkan allies, are busy loading the cart. They look up,
text: astonished, as the General and Oliver pass.
text: STILL ANOTHER ASPECT of the battlefield — the General pauses
text: as if to search out his way and then starts off determinedly
text: toward the left. Oliver takes two long strides to catch up
text: with him. The CAMERA DOLLIES WITH them. Oliver lifts the
text: lantern and gestures outward with it.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Over there, isn't it?
text: The General nods and starts off again rapidly, Oliver
dialog: following.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MAINLAND BEACH - NIGHT
text: The two men come over a rise of ground and stop at the edge
dialog: of the beach.
text: STOCK SHOT - The moon emerging from behind clouds
text: EFFECT SHOT. In the foreground stand the two men. Before them
text: lies the sea and the Isle of the Dead. As they watch, behind
text: them the moon emerges from the thick clouds and a great
text: silver light floods over the sea.
text: A little way from the beach, The Isle of the Dead stands out
text: from the glassy—calm, moonlit water. In the f.g. is a broken
text: Ionic column.
text: There are a few flat stones at the water's edge, the remnants
text: of a quay which once reached out into the sea. Tied to tall
text: stakes are two small row boats and a third lies half-buried
text: in the sand. The CAMERA HOLDS until the General and Oliver
text: come into the scene and stand looking across the dark water.
text: REVERSE CLOSE SHOT - Oliver watches the General, troubled by
dialog: his intention of crossing to the island.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Do you mind if I go with you?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: There's no one there -— nothing but
text: the caves and the dead.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I'll only go as far as the shore
dialog: and wait for you.
text: The General- makes a slight gesture of indifference and moves
dialog: forward.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - NIGHT - (PROCESS)
text: MED. SHOT — the General steps into one of the boats. Oliver
text: casts off the minter and puts the lantern down on the sand.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I'll leave this here to guide us
dialog: back.
text: He jumps into the boat, picks up an oar, pushes off and
text: starts to scull.
speaker_heading: WIPE
scene_heading: EXT THE ISLE OF THE DEAD - NIGHT
text: The boat noses its bow onto the shelving beach. The men climb
text: out. Oliver pulls the boat a little farther onto the sand and
text: looks back toward the mainland.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MAINLAND BEACH — NIGHT
text: LONG SHOT - The lantern is glowing at the water's edge.
text: Suddenly it flickers and dies out.
text: EXT THE ISLE OF THE DEAD — NIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT — Oliver, having seen the lantern fail, shivers.
text: MED. TWO SHOT - Oliver and the General. On the edge of' the
text: wall nearest thorn is a marble figure of Cerberus, the three
text: headed dog which guards the dead. Two of the heads have been
text: carved to represent sleeping heads; the third head glares
text: toward the mainland with a sightless, unseeing, but ever
text: watchful stare, Oliver takes the General's arm and draws his
text: attention to the statue.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
text: Cerberus —— the watchdog. He guards
dialog: the sleep of those who are buried
dialog: here.
text: The two men walk forward into the towering shadows of the
text: cypress trees, turning toward the left. They are lost to view
text: in the shadows. The CAMERA HOLDS ON Cerberus.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LEDGE BEFORE THE CRYPTS - 'NIGHT
text: MED. FULL SHOT — The General and Oliver come walking onto the
text: ledge before the crypt. They pause a moment while the General
text: looks about as if to get his bearings, then he moves
text: resolutely toward the crypt nearest. Oliver goes with him as
text: far as the doorway.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - The doorway of the crypt. At the doorway
text: Oliver stops.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (almost whispering)
dialog: I'll wait here for you.
text: The General nods, removes his hat and goes into the crypt. He
text: is lost in the darkness. Oliver tries to peer in after him.
text: The opaque blackness prevents him seeing anything. He
text: relaxes, pulls a square cardboard box of cigarettes from his
text: coat pocket, selects one, puts it in his mouth and is
text: fumbling for a match when suddenly the General re—appears.
text: Oliver looks at him in astonishment.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
text: She is not there. The coffin is
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Maybe you've got the wrong crypt ——
dialog: after all it's twenty years when
dialog: you wore last here.
text: The General shakes his head..
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: This was the place.
text: They stand there for a moment in perplexity. Suddenly, the
text: sound of a woman's voice singing comes very faintly to them;
text: very faintly and from a considerable distance. Both men turn
text: their heads in the direction of the singing which seems to
text: come from the other side of the island. They look at each
text: other, then with a curt gesture, the General beckons Oliver
text: to follow him and strides off.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CYPRESS GROVE - NIGHT
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT --Oliver and the General. The CAMERA TRUCKS
text: WITH them as they pass under the cypress trees, their faces
text: alternately in moonlight and shadow. The sound of the woman's
text: voice singing cones over the scene very faintly.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STAIRWAY AND TUNNEL MOUTH - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT - To the right, a stairway cut into the rock winds
text: upward from the sandy floor of the beach. The CAMERA PANS
text: SLOWLY UP the rock to the head of the stairway, a narrow
text: shelf or landing above the sea. A square opening is cut into
text: the cliff-face, black and impenetrable from this angle. As
text: the CAMERA RESTS ON the tunnel opening, the minor melody of-
text: the singing rises to an impassioned lament, wild and
dialog: melancholy.
text: REVERSE ANGLE. From the shelf, CAMERA SHOOTS DOWN onto the
text: stairway. The two men are starting up the steps, the General
text: in the lead. They move upward slowly, hesitantly. The singing
text: continues, clear and alluring.
text: MED. SHOT. Oliver and the General come up onto the shelf of
text: rock. Before then is the tunnel opening, an ominous door of
text: darkness in the moonlit stone. (See page 113 "HELLAS".) As
text: the two men face it, the singing comes to a climax on a high,
text: almost triumphant note. There is a moment's after-silence and
text: then the earlier motif of the song begins again, subdued,
text: softer, as if the singer were moving away.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The General stares off, rapt, his entire being
text: focused on the unseen singer. CAMERA DRAWS BACK to include
text: Oliver, who stands a little to one side, watching the
text: General. The General moves forward and	Oliver accompanies
text: him. CAMERA TRUCKS WITH them, until they are framed in the
text: opening of the tunnel. They stand there for a second, than
text: move forward again. Their figures grow dimmer as the CAMERA
text: TRUCKS WITH then into the blackness of the tunnel. The
text: singing continues, faint and slightly distorted. Over it
text: sound the slow, hesitant footsteps of the two men.
text: REVERSE SHOT - Beyond then, the darkness of the tunnel is
text: broken by a light that moves wraithlike across one of the
text: atone walls. Moonlight is pouring down from a long slit in
text: the rock, where the wall curves up into the tunnel ceiling.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. Oliver and the General step into the little
text: pool of moonlight and look up at the aperture above them. The
text: two men turn away and continue into the darkness of the
text: tunnel. The singing continues over all this, growing a little
text: stronger again.
scene_heading: EXT. THE OTHER END OF THE TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: The two men emerge from the tunnel. To the right are	high
text: limestone cliffs, before them darkness. To the left is part
text: of a house wall, with a door -- a dark and forbidding door of
text: oak and iron. Now the woman's singing is loud and near. The
text: General stares at the house, looks at the surrounding
text: darkness and then back to the house again.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (bewilderedly)
dialog: There was no house here.
text: Oliver and the General cross to the house. At the door, the
text: General listens a moment, then lifts his hand and thunders on
text: the panels with his knuckles. The sound of the singing breaks
text: off instantly and they stand waiting in the moonlit silence.
text: Suddenly the door opens before them and lamplight makes a
text: frame about them. A man's voice, cheery and welcoming, comes
text: from the doorway.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT'S VOICE
dialog: Come in, come in!
text: They step through the doorway and the door closes behind
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. ALBRECHT'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: It is a lovely room of simple austere proportion, warm with
text: lamplight, comfortable with chairs and sofas and heated by a
text: brazier full of coals. Various antiquities, heads, bits of
text: sculpture, torsos, limbs, bowls, vases amphoras and cylixes
text: decorate the room. At one end is a long table on which
text: various shards, artifacts, have been arranged for labor and
text: sorting. On this table are also books and measuring
dialog: instruments.
text: The various people in the room turn curiously upon the
text: entrance of the soldier and the correspondent. It is Albrecht
text: who is welcoming, them. He is a Swiss of middle age, a
text: scholarly, gentle man with a humorous smile.
text: Before the brazier, warming his behind under his coattails
text: just as he would have done in Devonshire, is a ruddy-faced
text: Englishman, also of middle age. He is formally dressed and
text: has a stiff, official air. This is Mr. Thomas St. Aubyn,
dialog: British Consul at Adrianople.
text: Seated some little distance from him in a stiff-backed chair
text: is a woman in her early thirties, still possessed of a
text: haggard beauty. There is a curious, restrained stillness
text: about the woman and when she moves it is with a certain
text: careful deliberation. She is working on a hand embroidery
text: frame. After one glance at the newcomers, she pays no further
text: attention to them. This is Mary Wollsten, secretary to the
text: Consul. She is dressed primly In dark clothing. - -
text: At a small table by himself with a tankard of wine before him
text: and an empty wine bottle on the table, is a commercial
text: traveller, Henry Jacks, a Cockney, dressed in a loud, fuzzy
text: plaid suit, and seeming at this moment to be somewhat the
dialog: worse for wear and liquor.
text: The General and Oliver look around the room in astonishment.
text: Albrecht himself shows some surprise now that he sees the
text: General in the fully lighted room.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: I took it for granted you gentlemen
dialog: were refugees as are my other
dialog: guests.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: This is General Nikolas Pherides,
dialog: Commander of the Third Army. I'm
dialog: Oliver Davis.
dialog: (he hesitates)
dialog: To be perfectly frank with you, we
dialog: didn't expect to find anyone living
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: It is my home.
dialog: (extending his hand)
dialog: My name is Hugo Albrecht.
text: Oliver shakes hands with Albrecht. The General bows.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I have not been on the island in
dialog: twenty years. It is changed -
dialog: changed completely. Where are the
dialog: graves -- the coffins?
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (turning to his guests in
dialog: polite explanation)
dialog: This was once a cemetery.
text: The people in the room exhibit varying degrees of interest.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: It may seem an odd choice for a
dialog: home. Yet I like it.
dialog: (to Oliver and the
dialog: General)
dialog: But you must meet my guests.
text: He half turns to indicate the Consul.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: This is Mr. St. Aubyn, British
dialog: Consul from Adrianople.
text: St. Aubyn bows formally. The General returns his bow with a
text: nod, and Oliver goes forward and shakes the Consul's hand.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: --	and Miss St. Aubyn.
text: Cathy smiles wanly in greeting. Oliver, in American fashion,
text: goes from her father to Miss St. Aubyn, takes her hand.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You were singing, weren't you?
text: A beautiful voice, Miss St. Aubyn.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (masking irritation)
dialog: That was my companion. She sings
dialog: little peasant songs quite nicely --
text: a completely untrained voice, of
dialog: course.
text: St. Aubyn continues the introductions, indicating the somber
text: faced woman, who sits apart from the others.
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: My secretary, Miss Wollsten.
text: At this point, Jacks rises unsteadily and lurches towards the
text: others. He flashes a card from his pocket.
speaker_heading: JACKS
dialog: Jacks -- Henry Jacks. Tinware,
dialog: best grade and the lowest prices --
dialog: (as if quoting a well
dialog: known slogan)
dialog: Jacks sells no junk.
text: The General looks at him, astonished at this strange
text: commercial personality. Oliver, having shaken hands with Miss
text: Wollsten, nods across to Jacks amiably.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Aren't you a little out of
dialog: your territory?
speaker_heading: JACKS
dialog: If the world won't come to
text: Jacks, Jacks goes to the world.
text: He walks unsteadily back to his own seat.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Mr. Jacks is a philosopher.
dialog: (to the General)
dialog: (and Oliver)
dialog: But, come, sit down with us. We are
dialog: all anxious to hear of' today's
dialog: battle.
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: (to General)
dialog: A fine fight, sir, but a bit
dialog: inconvenient for travel. We were
text: under constant shelling all the way
dialog: down the coast.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
text: The enemy is in retreat. There will
dialog: be no more fighting here.
dialog: (to Albrecht)
dialog: I came here to visit the crypts. My
dialog: wife was buried here. What happened
dialog: to the bodies?
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: They were gore before I came here.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: But why?
text: Ida, the woman servant, a middle—aged Greek woman in peasant
text: costume, with a dark sombre face, comes in. She has an
text: amphora of wine and two glasses in her hands. She pours wine
text: for Oliver and hands him the glass, then turns to the General
text: and begins to pour for him as he and Albrecht talk.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: There was some trouble here ——the
dialog: villagers on the mainland —-this
dialog: island was the focal point of their
dialog: anger. They came here ——broke open
text: the tombs and despoiled the graves.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: All the graves?
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: I'm afraid so. There were rumors
dialog: ——people were aroused. Some feared
dialog: restlessness among the dead you
dialog: know, the old superstitions.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I donut understand.
speaker_heading: IDA
dialog: I can explain, Master Soldier.
text: She has put down the amphora so that her hands are free. She
text: lifts a fore—finger to each side of her mouth and grimaces
text: between the upright fingers.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (understanding her
dialog: immediately)
dialog: Vorvolakas!
text: Hastily Ida crosses herself, at the same time nodding
dialog: agreement
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (not too unpleasantly)
dialog: You are an old fool.
speaker_heading: IDA
dialog: (grinning; pleased at this
dialog: insult from her heroic
dialog: countryman)
dialog: You think so? You think such things
dialog: do not happen? Right now ——
dialog: upstairs there is one who is rosy
text: and bright —— full of blood -- and
dialog: here ——
dialog: (she makes a sidewise
dialog: inclination of her head
dialog: toward Mrs. St. Aubyn)
dialog: ——	here is one who is pale and
text: cold as a lily.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You are still a fool.
text: Ida laughs and Albrecht picks up the amphora and starts to
dialog: pour another glass of wine for the General.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (to Albrecht)
dialog: You know the Greek legends, you
dialog: drink the Greek wine, but you are
dialog: not a Greek.
text: Albrecht is carrying the wine jug and glasses to a small
text: table near the brazier.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: I am, Greek, sir, by affection.
text: Albrecht puts down the jug and the glasses and turns to	the
dialog: General.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: But the gods played a little trick
dialog: on me. I was born in Switzerland.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (pointing to an antique
dialog: statue)
dialog: You collect these to sell, abroad?
text: Albrecht, starting to pour from the wine jug, shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No more. One day I stood in the
dialog: Royal Museum at Munich and watched
dialog: the fat burghers and their
text: brood—mare wives staring and poking
dialog: at my beautiful trophies. Now I am
dialog: content just to live —— here in the
text: heart of a vanished world.
speaker_heading: JACKS
dialog: (butting in without moving
dialog: from his place)
dialog: I wish it'd vanish, I do.
dialog: I'd give every bloomin' statue in
dialog: the place for one whiff of fish 'n'
dialog: chips —- for one peek at
dialog: Piccadilly.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Each to his taste.
text: Jacks gets up, lurching and steadying himself on the table.
speaker_heading: JACKS
dialog: I'm going back, first boat to
dialog: England. I'm going back and hear
text: the sound of Bow Bells.
text: (gets up and starts to the
text: stairs; complaining as he
dialog: walks)
dialog: I'm not well. I'm not well.
dialog: Something's wrong with me
dialog: ——something hurts.
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: (disdainfully)
dialog: Odd way to describe plain
dialog: drunkenness.
text: Jacks pays no attention to him, but goes on up the stairs,
text: the rest watching. The stairs are lit in such a way that the
text: upper portion is in complete darkness, shadowed by the
text: landing above. As Jacks disappears into this darkness, there
text: is a sound of a heavy fall, a muttered curse. They all turn
text: to face the staircase and Oliver and the General get to their
text: feet. Albrecht picks up a lychnos and crosses quickly to the
text: stairs, followed by St. Aubyn. As he holds the lamp aloft,
text: the General comes to stand beside him.
text: MED. SHOT — past Albrecht, St. Aubyn and the General at the
text: foot of the stairs, to the upper portion of the stairs, now
text: lit by Albrecht's lamp. Jacks lies sprawled across the top
text: step. Bending over him is a girl in Greek native costume, the
text: gold coins of her headdress trembling at her ears, as if she
text: had been arrested in startled movement. The girl, Thea,
text: slowly lifts her head to face the people below her. As she
text: does so, the General makes a sudden move forward: a move of
text: recognition and astonishment —— then restrains himself and
text: stand rigidly still.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT — Thea.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (simply)
dialog: He fell.
text: As if words had released them, Albrecht and. St. Aubyn start
text: up the stairs to Jacks.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (a little breathless)
dialog: That's a strong wine —— poor
dialog: fellow, I should have warned him.
text: As they reach Jacks, who is mumbling and trying to get to his
text: feet, Thea starts down the stairs. It is then that she sees
text: the General, who still stands rigid, staring up at her as if
text: she were an apparition. She hesitates a moment, a step or two
text: above the bottom of the stairs, held there by the General's
text: fixed gaze. Behind her, Albrecht and Ida have gotten Jacks to
text: his feet. The man is muttering incoherently.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: There -- you're all right, now
dialog: ——	we have you ——
speaker_heading: IDA
dialog: (disgustedly)
dialog: Never mind. It'll get him to his
dialog: room.
text: Ida and Jacks go on upstairs and Albrecht holds the lantern
text: to give them light. The General stares at Thea.
text: CLOSE SHOT — Oliver. He is staring off in the direction of
text: the staircase, his face revealing pleasure in seeing this
dialog: beautiful Greek girl.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE — Thea and the General. Thea is looking back
text: toward Jacks. The General is studying her. Suddenly, she
text: turns toward him to go down the stairs. For a moment she
text: faces him full face. He looks at her in amazement greatly
dialog: agitated.
text: CLOSE SHOT - The General looking at Thea. His face is
text: strained and he seems to have suffered from a shock.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - The General watching Thea. Albrecht coming
text: down the stairs looks at him.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: My dear sir, you look completely
dialog: exhausted.
text: The General attempts to pull himself together.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (coming into the scene)
text: He is exhausted.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Why don't you stay here tonight?
dialog: Get a good sleep. You can return
dialog: to your command in the morning.
text: The General is about to shake his head in a negative answer
text: when he suddenly thinks better of it and still looking at
dialog: Thea, speaks.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Perhaps I had better stay.
dialog: I am tired.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: I'll get Ida to make up your
dialog: bed.
text: He starts upstairs. Oliver and the General turn back into the
dialog: room.
text: TWO SHOT	— Cathy and Thea. They arc seated on the settee. The
text: CAMERA is set up TO SHOOT PAST their profiles	so that Oliver
text: and the General can be seen coming down the room from the
text: stairway in the background.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (to Thea)
text: The young man, Mr. Davis, seems to
dialog: be some kind of an unofficial
dialog: observer —— a correspondent of
dialog: some sort ——
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: And the soldier -- He looked at
dialog: me so strangely -- who is he?
text: Before Cathy can answer Oliver has come close to stand beside
text: them. In the background General Pherides has crossed to the
text: brazier where Mr. St. Aubyn stands.
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: I don't really know where Thea
dialog: comes from. The Vice—Consul at
dialog: Adrianople brought her to me..
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Her name is Thea?
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: Theodosia.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Her family name?
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: Damn me, if I know. She's become so
dialog: much a member of our household I
dialog: never think of her by any name but
dialog: Thea -- she has a last name --
text: He wrinkles his forehead.
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: I seem to have forgotten.
text: The General looks at him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You do not know her last name --
dialog: you do not know from where she
dialog: came?
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
text: (looks off at his
dialog: secretary)
dialog: Miss Wollsten -— my secretary,
dialog: she'd know.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - Miss Wollsten. She gets up, places one of
text: the long needles she uses in her embroidery work through the
text: collar of her dress and starts toward the stairway.
text: FULL SHOT - The General and St. Aubyn as they watch Miss
text: Wollsten pass. She nods "good night." The General turns back
dialog: to St. Aubyn.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
text: (with a gesture toward
dialog: Cathy)
dialog: Your daughter is ill.
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: (brushing off the
dialog: question)
dialog: She's not too well.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (persistently)
dialog: What is her illness?
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: Nothing, really. She's been under a
dialog: great strain -- the journey -- the
dialog: battle --
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Was she ill before that girl came
dialog: into your household?
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: (embarrassed at
dialog: this interrogation)
dialog: Why -- no not before Thea came ——
text: The General looks at him and then at Thea.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Your daughter is weak -- she feels
dialog: as if the blood had been drained
dialog: from her -- and all this since that
dialog: girl came to work in your house.
text: St. Aubyn looks at him in annoyance. This volunteered
text: diagnosis offends him. He turns toward the stairs. The
text: General turns with him, taking hold of his arm to stop him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: This girl --
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: This girl -- Thea —- is not a
dialog: servant in my household, sir.
dialog: She is my daughter's companion.
dialog: Now, sir, if you'll excuse me,
dialog: I'll go have a look at Mr. Jacks.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I will go with you.
text: Mr. St. Aubyn starts for the stairs and the General stalks
text: after him. The two men reach the foot of the stairs
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Oliver with Thea and Cathy. He smiles in a
dialog: friendly fashion at Thea, as he says:
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I hope Mr. Jacks gets to bed in one
dialog: piece.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: M~ father will take care of it.
dialog: (gushing to impress Oliver)
dialog: Pappa is wonderful! No matter what
dialog: happens, he makes me feel perfectly
dialog: safe.
dialog: (with flirtatious
dialog: emphasis)
dialog: I could never leave him. I should
dialog: be utterly helpless by myself.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: You are fortunate in your father.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Thea is an orphan.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (to Thea)
dialog: That was a lovely song you sang
dialog: before we came. Sing it again, will
dialog: you?
text: Thea smiles, pleased at his request. Before she can reply,
text: Cathy breaks in.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (apologetically)
dialog: I adore hearing Thea sing --
dialog: but my poor head's beginning to
dialog: ache.
dialog: (exaggeratedly)
dialog: I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (courteously)
dialog: Of course. Tomorrow, perhaps,
dialog: before I go?
text: Thea nods and Oliver looks at her, seeing how very beautiful,
text: how very desirable she is. He smiles and a radiant answering
text: smile comes to her lips. Cathy, watching them, draws their
text: attention with a sigh. She leans back against the pillows
text: exhaustedly and a little shudder moves her shoulders. Thea,
text: instantly all concern, bends over her.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: You have a chill! You must have a
dialog: glass of wine.
text: She crosses quickly to the little table and picks up the
text: amphora. She brings it back with her, Oliver and Cathy are
text: talking. She has to wait, holding the cold pitcher until
text: Cathy turns and holds out her glass. Cathy waits for Oliver
text: to finish speaking before she passes the glass to Thea.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You can imagine the General's
dialog: disappointment when he found his
text: wife's body gone.
text: He turns to Thea.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Then we heard you singing --it was
text: so strange and eerie in a place
dialog: where we had thought there was only
dialog: the dead.
text: As Oliver finishes speaking, Cathy holds out her glass to
text: Thea, who begins to pour wine into it.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I was thinking of death when I
dialog: sang.
speaker_heading: CATHY-
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: Thea!
text: Thea finishes pouring the wine and puts down the amphora. The
text: chilled jug has made her hands cold. She rubs them together,
text: then blows on them. Cathy and Oliver watch her, both smiling.
text: Cathy shivers.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You're making me feel cold.
text: Thea is instantly concerned.
speaker_heading: CATHY (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps my scarf --
text: Thea nods, smiles and willingly goes to get it.
text: FULL SHOT - Thea. The CAMERA PANS WITH her to the foot of the
text: stairs. Here she pauses and from a small marble bench takes
text: up a lychnos, sets it alight from another that is burning
text: there and with this lamp in her hand begins to ascend the
dialog: stairs.
text: MED. SHOT of the stairs. Tall and lovely, with almost
text: measured grace, Thea ascends the stairs to the second floor
text: landing, then comes up onto the landing and pauses, looking
text: down the corridor. She holds up her lamp.
text: LONG SHOT - CAMERA SET UP BEHIND Thea, so that it sees what
text: she sees before her. In the corridor there are three points
text: of illumination. One from the skylight; two from windows.
text: These three sources of light cut the blackness of the
text: corridor into almost equal sections; oblongs of blackness
text: alternating with rectangles of grey moonlight. Around Thea
text: there is a nimbus of weak and~ wavering light, the
text: illumination from her little lamp.
text: The whole corridor is very still, very oppressive. Thea draws
text: in her breath almost as if taking courage, and moves toward
text: the first patch of blackness. At its edge she hesitates and
text: steps forward, with a little rush of movement. For a moment
text: she is lost to view, then emerges in the first patch of
text: moonlight. She moves slowly across this. Then again, at the
text: very edge of the second section of darkness, she pauses.
text: There is a little sound in the darkness; some scuffling of
text: papers or blowing curtain. She stops stock still, begins to
text: lift her lamp. The lamp flame flickers, and then a sudden
text: soft draft makes the flame lean far from the wick, pulsate,
text: puff out. The loss of the light leaves Thea cleft between
text: darkness and moonlight. Again she takes a sharp intake of
text: breath, again moves on and is lost to view, only to emerge
text: again in the second section of light. She moves normally
text: across this patch toward the darkness of a door set into a
text: deep embrasure.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT as Thea emerges from the darkness and turns
text: right, her hand already outstretched for the doorknob. A dark
text: figure obtrudes itself from the deeper blackness of the door
text: embrasure. A hand reaches out to seize her wrist. She gives a
text: half stifled scream of fear and looks up into the face of the
text: General as it emerges into the light.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You blew out the light -- to
dialog: see better in the darkness.
text: Thea shakes her head, perplexed, still frightened. She looks
text: at the lamp in her hand. The General reaches out his hand to
text: point out the lamp. Their hands touch. He draws his hand back
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: And your hands are cold —-
text: cold as dead hands.
text: Thea is too terrified to speak.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (with menacing softness)
dialog: You. You know me?
text: Thea shakes her head, too torrified to speak.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Swear it. By your winding shroud,
dialog: do you swear it?
text: Thea shrinks away, still unable to utter a sound. The General
text: realizes that his questioning is futile. He releases her
text: wrist, but still holds her fast with his fixed, accusing
dialog: gaze.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Maybe you have no memory for the
dialog: past ——
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: Vrykolaka!
text: With the word, terror takes her. She makes a quick movement
text: to flee. Just as quickly he seizes her, dragging her to him.
text: He has to hold both her hands; then pulls her up against his
text: chest. He repeats the word without any special meaning. His
text: face, across which a narrow beam of light falls obliquely, is
text: grotesque and horrible. The girl struggles and her struggles
text: free one hand. She pushes herself away from him and quickly
text: makes the sign of the cross between herself and the General
text: at the same time whispering hurriedly.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: Christ be with me ——
text: For a bare second, there is silence between them and then,
text: quite suddenly, he releases her other hand and begins to roar
text: with laughter. She stands amazed, too wonder-struck even to
text: flee, almost gaping at him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (through his laughter)
dialog: You thought me a Vrykolaka -—a
dialog: vampire - -
text: He pinches his arm.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Look -- I am alive.
text: He begins to laugh again.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: And I thought the same of you!
dialog: (sobering)
dialog: I am ashamed. A grown man --
text: The General smiles in ridicule of his own foolishness,
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: We of the mountain villages
dialog: are strange people. There are
dialog: too many old dreams in our
dialog: blood, eh?
text: Thea smiles in agreement.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Then you can understand --
dialog: you can forgive me.
text: Again she smiles. He starts to move away from her. He has
text: gone through the black patch of darkness nearest them and has
text: emerged into the moonlight on the other side. She lifts her
text: head and calls to him.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: General ——
text: He turns.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: What do they call you? What
dialog: is your name?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Nikolas Pherides.
text: He turns and continues down the corridor.
text: CLOSEUP of Thea. A strange look comes over her face. From her
text: stare, it is evident that the name strikes some sharp chord
text: in her mind.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. A RUIN OVERLOOKING THE SEA - MORNING - EFFECT SHOT
text: It is a bright morning and between the two portals of a
text: ruined temple can be seen the sunlit sea. (See page 98
dialog: "Hellas")
text: In the space between the two portals, three people are
text: grouped, Cathy, Thea and Albrecht. Cathy is seated on one of
text: the white stones, leaning back against the wall, a rug
text: wrapped about her knees. Albrecht stands behind and a little
text: in back of her, while Thea stands leaning gracefully against
text: the opposite portal, half silhouetted against the brightness
dialog: of the sea.
text: For a moment they remain quiet, then suddenly Thea throws up
text: her arms in a gesture of ecstasy and speaks almost as if to
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: The sea! The sea!
text: Albrecht stares at her, arrested by the words.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: What made you say that, Thea?
text: The moment is broken. Thea looks at him self-consciously, and
text: then shakes her head.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: "The sea —- the sea." Those were
dialog: the very words of Xenophon and the
dialog: ten thousand - - do you know about
dialog: them, Thea?
text: Smiling, Thea shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: You don't have to. It's inside of
dialog: you -- all the glory that was
dialog: Greece -— the dancing, the singing
dialog: and the white marble --
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: How clover you are, Mr. Albrecht,
dialog: to see all that in our simple
dialog: Thea... She is quite pretty, isn't
dialog: she?
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (disregarding her;
dialog: pointing to a column)
dialog: This was the temple of Hades --the
dialog: God of the Dead. It contained no
text: images -- just empty space and
text: walls of perfect symmetry.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (looking about her)
dialog: How disappointing! I expected it
dialog: was something more romantic. A
dialog: temple to the Goddess of Love,
dialog: perhaps.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (looking off)
dialog: The Greeks thought death was
dialog: beautiful -- an adventure --a
dialog: journey to another world.
dialog: (after a little pause)
dialog: But I have my other guests to think
dialog: of -- The General will be wanting
dialog: to go back to his army. If you'll
dialog: excuse me --
text: He starts off. The two girls watch him go into the grove.
text: Thea seats herself beside, Cathy.
text: CLOSE TWO SHOT - Thea and Cathy.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: Cathy —- how does it feel to
dialog: have a father?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: What an odd question!
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I mean, does one love a father
dialog: because he is good and kind -—or
dialog: just because he is one's father?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (out of her depth)
dialog: Why, I love my father because -
dialog: because I do. Of course, he's nice
dialog: to me.
text: Cathy leans over toward her.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Thea -- you're hiding something.
dialog: Why do you suddenly speak of your
dialog: father? You told me once you had
dialog: never seen him -- didn't know him --
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I do not know him, but I have seen
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: What is it -- what are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: You have forgotten my last name?
text: Cathy thinks a moment, then smiles.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I have forgotten it, dear.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: My last name is Pherides.
text: Cathy looks at her in astonishment.
scene_heading: INT. THE GENERAL'S ROOM - DAY
text: The General is seated on the edge of his cot still in his
text: shirt sleeves. He is pulling on his boots. Oliver has been
text: washing at the little wash stand and is drying his face with
text: a small towel. Oliver begins to whistle merrily as he throws
text: the towel down. The General looks at him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You are a happy man Oliver. You
dialog: have but one world to live in —-
dialog: the world of today. I have two
dialog: worlds. I have that old dark world
dialog: of peasant ignorance and
dialog: superstition in which I was brought
dialog: up and a new world which the army
dialog: gave me —— a world of mathematics,
dialog: gun ranges,logistics, tactics,
dialog: strategy.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: It doesn't seem to bother you
dialog: much, General.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I will be glad to leave this
dialog: island. It has too much of
dialog: that old dark world about it.
dialog: I will be glad to leave it
dialog: and that girl ——
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Thea?
text: The General nods.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: There is something evil about
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Oh, now —— now look here ——
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I know all you are going to say —-I
dialog: have been saying it to myself, but
dialog: the thought will not leave my mind.
dialog: She resembles my wife -—there is
dialog: something about her ——the way she
text: moves —— the way she turns her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: But that should make you like her.
text: The General shakes his head/
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: It makes me fear her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: I can't understand that.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: It is not necessary to understand.
dialog: We are leaving and I am thankful.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RUINS - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT - Thea and. Cathy. They are talking earnestly.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Thea, your choice is a very simple
dialog: one. Either you want to claim him
dialog: as your father, or you do not.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: But one must love a father.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: The General — you don't even
dialog: know him.
text: There is a little silence while Thea looks toward the ground
text: at her feet.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Come, Thea, if you're going to
dialog: claim him as your father you've got
dialog: to make up your mind. They'll be
dialog: leaving any minute.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I don't know. As a child. I longed
dialog: for a father and now —- I don't
dialog: know ——
text: Thea is still hesitant; still trying to puzzle it out.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Do you like what you've seen, of
dialog: him'?
text: Thea shakes her head.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I felt he did not like me.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: That should decide it or you --
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I will let him go. He is dead to me
dialog: as he is to all my mother's people.
text: I turn my hand against him.
scene_heading: INT THE GENERAL'S ROOM - DAY
text: Oliver and the General are ready to depart. Oliver takes a
text: last look around the room to see that they have left nothing.
text: The General stands by the door buckling on his belt.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Well, at any rate, I would like
text: to say goodbye to the girl.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: We have no time for that.
text: Oliver shrugs.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Ready?
text: The General nods and straightens his coat under his belt.
text: Oliver throws open the door and they start out.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: The CAMERA is set up in the doorway of the bedroom TO SHOOT
text: PAST Oliver and the General as they go out a Albrecht is
text: coming down the stairs. He is hurrying and is very excited.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Wait, gentlemen! Wait!
text: They turn to him.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: I need your advice —— something
dialog: has happened —— Mr. Jacks ——
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Drunk again?
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: He's dead. I want the General
dialog: to see him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: If you wish.
text: Albrecht nods gratefully, turns, and they follow him as he
text: starts up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The three men, Albrecht, Oliver and the General come to the
text: second floor and start down to the last door. The CAMERA
text: TRUCKS BEFORE them.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: He was going back to hear the sound
dialog: of Bow bells. He'll never hear them
dialog: again.
text: They stop in front of the door to Jacks' room. Albrecht opens
text: it. Through the doorway can be seen a sheeted body on the
text: bed; the face covered. The three men stop in the doorway.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: He complained of not feeling well.
dialog: I thought he was drunk ——	he
dialog: staggered.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: That staggering. His dying so
dialog: quickly.
dialog: (to General)
dialog: In your campaigns, have you never
dialog: seen men who staggered before they
dialog: died, who talked incoherently ——
dialog: walked blindly.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I've seen men die drunk —- and
dialog: I've seen men die of the plague.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Plague? There's no possibility
dialog: of that, is there?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
text: The rider on the pale horse is
text: Pestilence. He follows the wars.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: I'm not sure that it is the plague.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: We will know when the next one
text: sickens.
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: Until then you and I remain here.
dialog: I will not bring the plague to
dialog: my troops.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: In the meantime it would be
dialog: useless to alarm the others.
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Let them think it was a normal
dialog: (glancing into Jacks'
dialog: room)
dialog: And, perhaps it was —- perhaps
dialog: it was.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. MATH ROOM — NIGHT
text: The oil lamps are lit. Albrecht has assembled his refugee
text: guests at two tables. They are just finishing dinner. Oliver
text: and Thea sit at the same table.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: I'm glad you and the General didn't
dialog: have to leave us. We would feel
dialog: quite deserted..
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (with a look which divides
dialog: his compliment between
dialog: Cathy and Thea)
dialog: How could we go back to the wars
dialog: with such pleasant company here..
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Thea smiles, pleased. Mr. St. Aubyn looks at his daughter,
text: smiling and gay.
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: You're feeling better, Cathy?
dialog: (to Albrecht)
dialog: I must admit your island is
dialog: peaceful enough. Even I have
dialog: relaxed..
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: In fact, I feel quite exhausted.
text: He lifts his hand to his forehead.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Perhaps you should rest for a
text: little while, Mr. St. Aubyn.
text: St. Aubyn dismisses the suggestion with a gesture.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: Pappa is so strong. Not a bit like
dialog: me. Even as a child, I was
dialog: delicate. Then Mamma died, everyone
dialog: thought I should die, too.
text: Oliver smiles politely but avoids the invitation to
text: flirtation. Instead, he turns to Thea.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Thea, you've hardly said a
dialog: word all through dinner.
dialog: (troubledly)
dialog: I feel something strange in
dialog: the house —— cold.
text: The General turns to look at Thea, his eyes sombre and
dialog: questioning.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You're afraid because Mr. Jacks is
dialog: upstairs.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: The dead are dead.. They can
dialog: do no harm.
text: Albrecht moves to get up from the table.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
text: Miss Thea complains of the cold.
dialog: Let's go to the fire.
text: The guests rise and the men stand back as Cathy, Thea and
text: Miss Wollsten go out of scene, towards the other end of the
text: large room. Albrecht who has drawn glasses and a wine bottle
text: towards him, lifts one of the glasses toward St. Aubyn
text: questioningly.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: St. Aubyn?
speaker_heading: ST. AUBYN
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: An excellent wine, no doubt, but it
dialog: has rather a curious brassy taste
dialog: in my mouth. No I really quite
dialog: tired.
text: An alert, speculative look comes into Albrecht's face as he
text: watches St. Aubyn move out of scene.
text: MED. SHOT, Cathy, Thea and Miss Wollsten have seated
text: themselves around the brazier, Miss Wollsten already at work
text: on her interminable embroidery. St. Aubyn passes them, going
text: to the staircase in b.g. Miss Wollsten looks up and watches
text: him anxiously. Cathy also looks up.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Good night, Pappa.
text: St. Aubyn smiles at her, with an effort, and starts slowly up
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: ANGLE SHOT of St. Aubyn coming up the stairs. A few steps
text: from the top, he stops; falters and almost loses his balance.
text: He clutches at the balustrade to save himself from falling.
text: For a second, he stands there almost doubled over, his face
text: drawn from a sudden onslaught of pain. Then he straightens
text: himself with an effort and pulls himself slowly up the
text: remaining steps. At the head of the stairs, he goes past
text: camera. CAMERA PANS TO show him start down the murky
text: corridor, staggering as if he were drunk. He hesitates, then
text: turns and lurches to the third door at the left, opens it and
dialog: goes in.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT. Albrecht, Oliver and the General, at the
text: table, are watching St. Aubyn's o.s. exit. They speak in
dialog: whispers.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Did you hear what Thea said --
dialog: as if she knew what threatens
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: That's impossible. I told them
dialog: Jacks died of a sudden heart
text: attack, probably brought on by over
dialog: drinking.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Did your servant got word to
dialog: Dr. Drossos?
text: Albrecht picks up the wine bottle and the glasses.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Dr. Drossos should be here any
dialog: hour now.
text: WIDER ANGLE. Cathy and Thea are paying no attention to the
text: men across the room, but Miss Wollsten is watching them
text: covertly. As the men start across to the brazier, Albrecht
text: carrying the bottle and glasses, she gathers together her
text: embroidery and stands up.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: If you'll forgive me...I've letters
dialog: to write.
text: The others call out "good night" to her as she crosses to the
text: stairs and begins to ascend. Albrecht and the General go to a
text: small table, where Albrecht puts down the bottle and glasses.
text: Oliver joins Cathy and Thea.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: I've just been admiring Thea's
dialog: headdress. I think I shall have
dialog: a hat made like it a little round
dialog: cap with a veil ——
text: Oliver, scarcely hearing her prattle, looks off toward the
text: now empty staircase.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Miss Wollsten comes up the stairs. She hesitates a moment at
text: the first door on her left and then walks past it and goes
text: down to the third door. She knocks. There is no answer. She
text: opens the door. The room is dark. She goes in.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: The General and Albrecht sit drinking. Albrecht is showing
text: the old soldier a Grecian helmet. The General holds it in his
text: hands, studying it carefully and with something close to
dialog: affection.
text: Cathy and Thea are standing with Oliver at the foot of the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Good night, Oliver.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Sleep well.
text: The two girls, start up the stairs,Oliver looking after them
dialog: pityingly.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (over her shoulder)
dialog: You're not leaving tomorrow..?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I think not.
text: Thea half turns to look back at Oliver; a long sweeping look.
text: Thea and Cathy continue upstairs and Oliver turns back to
text: where the other two men arc seated.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: The General and Albrecht are still sitting together.
text: Oliver stands near them.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Until we know, what choice is
dialog: there? We have to stay.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: But the war, the army —— they
dialog: need you.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Better no general than one
dialog: carrying the plague.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: We still don't know that it's the
dialog: plague ——
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (adamantly)
dialog: Dr. Drossos will tell us. We
dialog: will know what to do then.
text: Oliver gives a little shrug of resignation and walks a few
text: steps into the room, head down, hands in his pockets.
text: Then he turns, grinning ruefully. -
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I wonder if my editor's psychic?
dialog: Reports from the Greek front are
dialog: going to be a little vague.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Or even spirit messages from
dialog: the next world.
text: Oliver's eyes widen and then he smiles quizzically at
dialog: Albrecht.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (nods thoughtfully)
dialog: I suppose a war correspondent
dialog: could get the plague.
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Well, I'd better try for some sleep
dialog: —- while I'm alive to enjoy it.
dialog: Good night, gentlemen.
text: He starts for the stairs. The CAMERA DOLLIES WITH him, then
text: PANS WITH him as he climbs.
scene_heading: INT. THE CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Oliver comes up onto the landing and starts down the
text: corridor. Suddenly, a shadowy form materializes from the
text: darkness and a voice whispers to him.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: Mr. Davis -—
text: Oliver, startled, stops and stares.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: Will you help me? Mr. St. Aubyn
dialog: is ill —- very ill
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (starting forward)
dialog: His room is down here, isn't it?
scene_heading: INT. GIRLS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: MED. FULL SHOT. Both girls are in their beds and both seem to
dialog: be asleep.
text: CLOSE SHOT — Cathy. She sleeps soundly.
text: CLOSE SHOT — Thea. She is wide awake listening to the sound
text: of excited footsteps in the hall. Thea looks toward the door.
text: INSERT	THE BOTTOM OF THE DOOR FRAME AND THE FLOOR. Light
text: passes the door. There is darkness then more light goes past.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT — Thea. She rises to one elbow and waits for
text: a moment, watching the closed door. Then she swings her feet
text: to the floor and begins to reach for a wrapper which hangs at
text: the foot of the bed. She puts it on, stands up and starts
text: tiptoeing across the room, CAMERA PANNING WITH her. CAMERA
text: HALTS as Thea pauses at the foot of Cathy's bed. She looks at
text: the motionless figure of the sleeping Cathy. Then, CAMERA
text: PANNING WITH her again, she goes to the door and stands
text: there, listening.
scene_heading: INT. THE CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: DOLLY SHOT. Albrecht and the dapper, uniformed figure of Dr.
text: Drossos come down the corridor. The CAMERA DOLLIES BEFORE
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: If he's not dead, he's certainly
text: a sick man.
text: Albrecht and Dr. Drossos turn at St. Aubyn's door and go in~
scene_heading: INT. ST. AUBYN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Oliver and the General are standing at the foot of St.
text: Aubyn's bed. Miss Wollsten stands near the head of the bed,
text: looking down at the motionless figure of the consul. Albrecht
text: and Dr. Drossos enters Dr. Drossos nods to the General and
text: crosses to the bed. While the others wait tensely, he feels
text: the man's pulse. He shakes his head and takes hold of the
text: blanket's edge, to pull it up over the dead man's face.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: (fighting hysteria)
dialog: No. No. I won't believe it.
dialog: He's not dead.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: This is Dr. Drossos, chief medical
dialog: officer of my division.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: I don't care who he is. He
dialog: doesn't know.	He can't tell ——
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: (pityingly)
dialog: I'll make any test you want.
dialog: Look.
text: Dr. Drossos plucks a feather from the pillow, a little curl
text: of fluff,and holds it before St. Aubyn's mask-like face.
text: INSERT	THE FEATHER at St. Aubyn's face.
text: It doesn't move.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE:
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: (stubbornly)
dialog: He's not dead. I tell you he's
dialog: not dead.
text: Dr. Drossos sighs. He turns and picks up a hand mirror from
text: the chest of drawers behind him.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: If there is the finest breath
dialog: of life it will cloud a mirror.
text: He takes a handkerchief from his pocket and carefully
text: polishes the mirror to clarity, then holds it before the dead
text: mouth. He turns the unclouded mirror, so that the others may
dialog: observe it.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: You see?
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: (clinging desperately to
dialog: her delusion)
dialog: The breath can stop, the heart can
dialog: stop —— it still doesn't mean
dialog: death. Men have lived --
text: Dr. Drossos nods with approval. Being entirely devoid of
text: sentiment, his manner is that of a teacher answering the
text: argument of a particularly bright student.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: Quite right. In cataleptic trance,
dialog: a man may live for days with no
text: visible sign of life. The breath
dialog: suspended,the heartbeat stilled--
dialog: (looking down at St.
dialog: Aubyn)
dialog: But this man is dead.
text: Dr. Drossos turns away to replace the mirror on the chest of
text: drawers. As he does so, Oliver steps forward and starts to
text: pull the blanket over the dead man's face. Again, Miss
text: Wollsten stops it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: What difference does it make?
text: Covered or uncovered, the eyes see
dialog: no more.
text: As he speaks, the General starts toward the door.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT ON closed door of St. Aubyn's room. The door opens
text: and the General starts to step into the corridor. He is
text: suddenly motionless, obviously arrested by something he sees.
text: CAMERA DRAWS ASIDE TO disclose Thea. The girl evidently is
text: frozen in the act of trying to slip away. She starts to put
text: her hand to her throat, but, as she is not wearing the
text: necklace, fumbles nervously with the collar of her robe.
text: Then, still under the General's relentless stare, she goes
text: back to her room. At this moment, Oliver comes out of St.
text: Aubyn's room. He looks down the corridor, then worriedly back
text: to the General. Albrecht and Dr. Drossos also come out and
text: the four men start toward the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. ST. AUBYN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Miss Wollsten stands looking down at St. Aubyn, then suddenly
text: she takes from her bodice a long embroidery needle Still
text: gazing intently into his face, she jabs the needle deep into
text: the dead man's arm. There is no reaction in the marble set of
text: the corpse's face.
text: Miss Wollsten pulls the blanket over the dead man's face and
text: suddenly bursts out weeping, burying her face in her hands.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: Morning sunlight pours in through the windows. Cathy sits
text: near the door, crying delicately into a lace handkerchief.
text: Thea stands beside her. Thea's expression betrays grief, but
text: it is the controlled and dignified grief of the peasant who
dialog: knows death as intimately as life and is equally at peace
text: with both. Near them is Miss Wollsten, stony-faced and
text: composed. Oliver is seated on the table, swinging his feet.
text: The General stands in the open doorway looking toward the
text: sea. Dr. Drossos and Albrecht stand together in the center of
dialog: the group.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: We are faced with a very serious
dialog: form of plague. Its first symptoms
dialog: are dizziness, nausea, weakness,
dialog: inability to focus the eyes or
dialog: control the limbs. This is followed
dialog: by acute spasms, sometimes
text: blindness, and finally, in moat
dialog: cases, death.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (frantically)
dialog: I don't want to hear any more.
dialog: You can't keep me here. This
dialog: horrible island —— it has cost me
dialog: my father —— it will kill all of
dialog: us.
text: The General turns his head and looks at Cathy without
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (implacably)
dialog: I will not have the plague carried
dialog: to my troops. No one leaves here
dialog: —not you, not I, not anyone.
text: Oliver goes over to the distraught and weeping Cathy, putting
text: his hand on her shoulder sympathetically.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: The doctor only wants us to know
dialog: the worst, for our own good.
dialog: Besides, he holds out some hope --
text: Oliver turns to Dr. Drossos, who nods slowly.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: If the wind shifts, if the sirocco
dialog: blows -- the hot wind from the
dialog: South -- all danger will be over in
dialog: twenty-four hours.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (to Drossos gentle
dialog: mockery)
dialog: Good winds and bad winds!
text: Albrecht goes to the table.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: The disease is transmitted by fleas
dialog: and their bodies are eighty percent
dialog: moisture. The hot wind literally
text: burns them away.
text: Albrecht takes the bronze trident from the figure of Poseidon
text: and fingers it thoughtfully as he speaks?
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: The ancient Greeks had just as good
dialog: an explanation -- that the gods
dialog: sent the plague to punish mortals
dialog: for harboring Vrykolaka --
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: They used to believe that sort of
dialog: thing in the mountain villages.
dialog: Some still do --
text: He glances at the General and then at Thea.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (with serious
dialog: determination)
dialog: I do not.
text: Albrecht, still holding the trident, walks over to the open
text: doorway where the General stands. Miss Wollsten gets to her
text: feet suddenly and faces the men with a look of scorn, almost
dialog: of hatred.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: (to Drossos)
dialog: If you have nothing more to tell
dialog: us, will you excuse me —-
text: Dr. Drossos bows and Miss Wollsten crosses the room to the
dialog: staircase.
text: CLOSE SHOT. At the foot of the staircase Miss Wollsten turns
text: with one of her curious, inimicable glances, then begins to
text: climb the stairs.
text: MED. SHOT - on remaining group.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: She's right. This is hardly the
dialog: time to bandy old tales.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: I have lived long enough to doubt
dialog: everything -- which is to say, I
dialog: believe everything, a little.
text: Albrecht goes to the table and replaces the trident.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: You're just talking nonsense.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Let us put it to the test. Protect
dialog: yourself with every scientific
dialog: precaution you can think of. I'll
dialog: go out on the cliff and build a
dialog: votive fire to Hermes -- not that I
dialog: believe in him any more than I do
dialog: in Science.
text: Dr. Drossos gives a little snort of disdain.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: We will see who is the first to
dialog: die.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: (smiling wryly)
dialog: Very well. I'll wager a dinner.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS - NIGHT
text: It is a moonlit night and the cypress trees cast deep shadows
text: across the marble flooring of the terrace.
text: From somewhere on the island, possibly played by one of the
text: servants, comes the sound of a Greek bagpipe blatting its
text: shrill and mournful music into the still air.
text: The CAMERA is set up TO TAKE IN the balcony from one end.
text: Thea, Oliver and Cathy are together. Cathy is stretched out
text: on a settee with a robe over her knees. Oliver and Thea stand
text: together near one of the pillars.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (commiseratingly)
dialog: I know it must be hard. But you
dialog: have relatives in London --you've
dialog: got a whole world of living, ahead
dialog: of you --
speaker_heading: CATHY
text: (on the verge of the tears
dialog: which are so easy for
dialog: her)
dialog: No one can take my father's place.
text: She gropes around as if looking for something.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: My handkerchief -— I think I must
dialog: have lost it —- perhaps when we
dialog: were in the grove.
dialog: (with a preemptory note)
dialog: Thea!
text: Thea bestirs herself out of whatever reverie has held her.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I'll find it.
text: She starts off toward the right. Oliver looks at her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You can't go down there alone - -
text: He takes a few quick, long strides and catches up with her.
text: Cathy is left completely alone. She looks off at the other
text: two and her customary expression of weak helplessness quickly
text: changes to one of anger. She is so intent that she does not
text: notice Miss Wollsten rise from a chair in the b g., walk
text: through the deep shadows cast by the cypress trees and come
text: noiselessly to stand beside her. Miss Wollsten has to speak
text: to gain her attention.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: Cathy --
text: Cathy looks around at her inquiringly, somewhat startled.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: I wish I didn't have such bitter
dialog: knowledge of you, Cathy.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Whet do you mean?
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: They were talking about the
dialog: Vrykolakas this morning. Cathy,
dialog: that's what you are —— a weak,
dialog: pale, half-dead thing that drains
dialog: all the life and joy from those who
dialog: want to live.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (haughtily; in an attempt
dialog: to put Miss Wollsten in
dialog: her place)
dialog: Miss Wollsten!
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: You and your mysterious illness.
dialog: A new attack everytime you are
dialog: crossed — everytime you can't
dialog: get your own way.
text: Cathy tries to interrupt, but Miss Wollsten goes on
text: ruthlessly.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: Your father knew it too. But he
dialog: was never sure how much was
dialog: pretense.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (flaring up)
dialog: How do you know what my father
dialog: thought - -
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: (disregarding her)
dialog: Your father loved me. He wanted to
dialog: marry me. But he was afraid of
text: hurting the gentle, delicate Cathy.
dialog: You spoiled his life ——you've
dialog: ruined mine ——
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You were father's secretary -—
dialog: I never thought - -
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: Didn't you? But now -- what are you
dialog: thinking now?
text: She points over the balustrade toward the cypress grove
dialog: below.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: What would I be thinking?
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: Mr. Davis seems a good prospect
dialog: ——young handsome, sympathetic --
dialog: ready to listen to you and feel
dialog: sorry for you - -
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: What if he is?
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: (disregarding her) )
dialog: But Thea -- She stands in your way.
dialog: I know you. I know your little
dialog: hints —— the way you can turn the
dialog: truth into a lie --
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Why, I'm fond of Thea.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: You're planing something, Cathy..
dialog: But I won't let you —- I'll warn
dialog: them against you.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You will not say one single word.
dialog: I know your secret.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: That your father and I ——
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: No. I mean your other secret -—	the
dialog: one you kept bidden even from my
dialog: father. That old doctor in London --
dialog: he told me.
text: She faces her triumphantly.	Miss Wollsten shrinks and turns
text: away. Cathy stands looking after her smiling, then turns and
text: walks to the edge of the ruins and looks down into the grove.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CYPRESS GROVE - NIGHT
text: Only trickles of moonlight come through the pendulous
text: branches and thick boles of these dark trees. The CAMERA
text: TRACKS TO a space between two of the largest trees, a space
text: which seems filled only with shadow and moonlight, but as IT
text: MOVES IN CLOSER, Oliver and Thea are disclosed, embracing.
text: They break apart. She starts to turn from him but he takes
text: her hand and turns her so that she faces him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Thea.
text: She allows him to draw her back.
text: CLOSE SHOT — over Oliver's shoulder at Thea's face. He cups
text: his hand around her chin so that she looks up at him. Her
text: eyes are wet with tears.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You're crying. Why?
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I don't know. Everything's so mixed
dialog: up --
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Everything's so simple. I like you.
text: Thea smiles at him affectionately, but then her face clouds
text: again and she looks away from him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What's bothering you, Thea? Is it
dialog: the General?
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: Sometimes when he looks at me in
dialog: that strange way, I'm afraid of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Don't let it trouble you. He's an
dialog: old man and these last few days
dialog: have been a terrible strain on him.
dialog: He won't harm you.
text: She makes a pathetic attempt at a smile. He puts his arms
text: around her protectively and they kiss. Slowly they break from
text: their embrace and together they start up the path.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ASPECT OF THE GROVE - NIGHT
text: This is at a point where a narrow flight of marble stairs
text: come clown from above 	The CAMERA is on the stairs, FOCUSED ON
text: the path.	Oliver and Thea walk in silence, their hands
text: clasped.	They come slowly up the path.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - Thea and Oliver suddenly
dialog: look up.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRS - NIGHT
text: General Pherides stands there, erect and silent, looking up
text: with an expression which is hard to fathom.
text: THREE SHOT. Nervous and embarrassed, Thea disengages her hand
dialog: from Oliver's.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You gave us quite a start --
text: standing there.
text: The General is silent. Thea moves rapidly toward the stairs,
text: carefully avoiding physical contact with the General as she
text: goes past him. He does not turn to look at her, but as Oliver
text: moves to follow her, the General puts a restraining hand on
text: his arm. Then, without a word, he steps down onto the path
text: and starts along it toward the shore. Oliver looks at him in
text: puzzlement, shrugs and then follows him.
scene_heading: EXT. GROVE - NIGHT
text: The two men walk silently through the grove. At the edge of
text: the grove on the shoreward side of the island the General and
text: Oliver come out from beneath the trees and emerge onto the
text: beach below the figure of Cerberus. The General seats himself
text: on a block of stone, looking out toward the sea. Oliver
text: stands near him. The General points out across the water.
text: LONG SHOT - MATTE. The General in the f.g. points to the camp
text: fires burning on the hills of the opposite shore.,
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Tomorrow they move on to engage the
dialog: enemy —— to beat him back across
dialog: the Bosphorus.
text: CLOSE SHOT - the General has his sabre between his knees and
text: is resting his two hands upon it; a melancholy and mournful
text: figure. His eyes are fixed on the distant camp fires.
dialog: (Note: See famous World-Wide photograph of King Ferdinand of
dialog: Bulgaria, taken after the defeat of the Bulgarian armies in
dialog: 1917.)
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It's hard going, General. You
dialog: wanted to lead them. Here you are
dialog: quarantined just because you wanted
dialog: to pray at your wife's side —— and
text: even her body is gone.
text: The General looks over.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (musing)
dialog: Thea is so like her —— in every
dialog: feature ——
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (rather pleased)
dialog: If she looked like Thea, she must
dialog: have been beautiful.
text: The General takes a deep breath and sighs, remembering other
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: She was beautiful. There was blood
dialog: between her family and my kin. But
dialog: that did not stop me from taking
dialog: her when I saw her beauty, nor did
dialog: it stop her from loving me.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: How did she die?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I don' t know. When I was gone the
dialog: people from her village came to my
text: home seeking vengeance. They bore
text: her away with them. Months later
dialog: she came back ——pale -- sick -- she
dialog: died --
text: There is a long silence. Oliver stirs restlessly.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Is this what you wanted to speak to
dialog: me about?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: In a way -- this girl, Thea.
dialog: You must stay away from her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I had a notion you had become
dialog: self—appointed chaperone lately —
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You are my friend.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: And I'm your friend —— but that
dialog: doesn't explain why you are always
dialog: trying to come between Thea and me?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: If I told you —— you wouldn't
dialog: believe me -- but this much I can
dialog: tell you —— the girl is dangerous
dialog: to you. Take a friend's advice --
dialog: an old man' s advice -- leave her
dialog: alone -—
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (turning away; indignant)
dialog: That's ridiculous -- Thea's lovely,
dialog: gentle —-
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: Listen to what I say --
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: When you make sense I'll listen.
text: He starts off, up the path through the grove, the General
text: follows him.
scene_heading: EXT THE GROVE - NIGHT
text: Oliver, followed by the General, passes through the grove.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RUINS - NIGHT
text: Cathy still sits in the moonlight. Oliver and the General
text: come into the ruins.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Where's Thea?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I think she went to bed —— I saw
text: her going toward the house
text: Oliver makes a vague gesture of disappointment and sits down
text: beside Cathy.
text: While Cathy was speaking, the General had turned to look	down
text: into the grove. He still stands looking down among the trees.
scene_heading: EXT THE GROVE - NIGHT
text: LONG SHOT — of Thea passing between the trees, looking for
dialog: Oliver.
scene_heading: EXT THE RUINS - NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - The General. Oliver and Cathy can be seen
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (in a low voice)
dialog: Let the doctor guard us against the
dialog: plague —- I shall stand guard
dialog: against the other things -- the
dialog: things we cannot understand.
text: MED. FULL SHOT, favoring Oliver and. Cathy. They both look up
text: in surprise at the General. He looks at them and then stalks
text: off into the darkness toward the house. Cathy watches him.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: MONTAGE OF TIDES - tide running in and out -- day and night,
text: over the sound of Grecian reed pipes, and a voice singing
dialog: "The Lament of Konos,' the lament that describes how life
text: comes in and goes out with the tides of the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS - DAY
text: A Greek brazier on a tripod stands before the portal facing
text: the sea. A fire burns in the brazier and Albrecht stands
text: beside it with a handful of twigs which he is about to put on
text: the fire. Dr. Drosssos stands watching him.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: I suppose you want to hear my
dialog: prayer to Hermes.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: I just came to see if your prayer
dialog: would entertain me as much as my
dialog: medicine seems to amuse you.
text: Albrecht turns his hand and lets the remaining twigs fall
text: onto the fire. It burns up with a bright flame, then a thin
text: column of black smoke ascends. He lifts his hands upward in
dialog: the Grecian attitude of prayer.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (teasingly)
dialog: You're too late, my friend. I have
dialog: already made my prayers. And how
dialog: about your scientific efforts?
text: Dr. Drossos steps forward, bends to pick up some twigs which
text: are beside the brazier and puts them on the fire.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Also too late. I owe you a dinner.
text: AS the meaning of this sinks in, Albrecht's bantering manner
dialog: disappears.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (concerned) )
dialog: You feel the symptoms?
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: My friend -- what can one say --
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: You can have your servants prepare
dialog: a dinner. That is the way I'll meet
dialog: my old- familiar enemy -- Death --I
dialog: have fought him before. I've won
dialog: often. Now he wins. Let him come
dialog: for me at my own banquet.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. THE MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: FULL SHOT. The little rays of oil lamps which illuminated the
text: room during the dinner have been replaced by a great central
text: lamp, also oil-burning. The long table is in a pool of
text: brilliance; tongues of light from the manifold wicks of the
text: lamp flicker into the outer dimness of the room. As the
text: dinner is almost over, there remain on the table only bowls
text: of fruit and dates, wine glasses and the many wine jugs and
text: bottles, some of them empty. At one end of the table sit Dr.
text: Drossos, as host, Miss Wollsten, Albrecht and the General. At
text: the opposite end, as if drawn apart by their mutual youth,
text: are Cathy, Thea and Oliver. On the stairs sits the man
text: servant of Albrecht and his bagpipe under his arm.
text: Out of this hairy apparatus he is coaxing folk melodies of
text: his native hills. The woman servant, dressed in gay national
text: costume, waits on the table.
text: MED. SHOT of Dr. Drossos and group at one end of the table.
text: Dr. Drossos refills Miss Wollsten's glass and carries the
text: bottle to his own glass with an unsteady hand.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: (thickly)
dialog: When I was a young man, I
dialog: prescribed moderation in all
dialog: things. Especially wine.
text: Dr. Drossos fills his glass to the brim and then continues
text: pouring, so that the bright liquid spills over onto the
text: table. Miss Wollsten laughs softly and a little drunkenly and
text: Albrecht takes the bottle out of the doctor's hand, setting
text: it upright again. The General smiles and picks up his wine
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: When I was young a man was measured
dialog: by the skins of wine he could
dialog: empty.
text: Albrecht looks toward the other end of the table and lifts
text: his glass.
text: NED. CLOSE SHOT of Cathy, Thea and Oliver. They are sitting
text: with their heads close together, in intimate conversation.
text: Cathy and Oliver are smiling gaily. Thea smiles, too, but
text: rather puzzledly as if the conversation eluded her. Oliver is
text: speaking in a very low tone, almost whispering. Plainly, the
dialog: wine has had an effect
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (mockly melodramatic)
dialog: And then - - the Vrykolaka will get
dialog: you, if you don't watch out...
dialog: Cathy, more animated than we have ever seen her between the
text: wine and her growing interest in Oliver, starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Oh, no -— it's too delicious!
dialog: You're making it up!
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: On my word! That's what they
dialog: believe.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (smiling but distressed)
dialog: Please.. You shouldn't laugh --
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (teasing her)
dialog: You see? Thea believes it, too!
text: Cathy turns to Thea. Where Oliver's teasing is good-tempered,
text: her mocking laughter has an edge of malice to it.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Tell me about them, Thea. They have
dialog: great wings end long teeth --
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (embellishing)
text: Sharp, shiny teeth -- and they
dialog: creep up to your bed --
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Closer and closer —- until they
dialog: bite into your throat!
text: As she says it, Cathy's fingers dart out and touch Thea's
text: throat. Thea gives a little muffled cry and throws herself
text: back from Cathy. Cathy and Oliver both burst out laughing,
text: leaning close together, sharing their childish joke.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Oh, my poor simple Thea!
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: Did you ever see anything so
dialog: ludicrous?
text: Thea, frightened by the conversation and unhappy because
text: Oliver and Cathy have been making fun of her, starts to get
text: up from the table.
text: MED. SHOT of table, including both groups, with Oliver, Cathy
text: and Thea in the background. As Thea stands up, Dr. Drossos
text: leans forward, peering down the table towards her.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: Thea! Come here!
text: The others turn to look at the girl as she obeys the summons.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: Look at her. Warm, beautiful -
dialog: alive. Drink with me, Thea -—
dialog: Drink to my old enemy, who wins at
dialog: last --
text: As Thea comes to stand beside him, Dr. Drossos picks up
text: Albrecht's wine glass and hands it to her. Thea obediently
text: drinks. In silence they watch her drain the glass, her head
text: going back slowly. It is a beautiful, a pagan gesture.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: There is only one place where the
dialog: women bewitch one with their
dialog: beauty.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Thea as she starts singing. It's a primitive,
text: sensuous song and Thea's whole body seems to respond..
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Oliver and Cathy, watching Thea. It is
text: obvious that Oliver is bewitched; his eyes follow every move
text: the girl makes. Cathy steals a glance at him.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE as Thea sings; she moves toward Oliver in a
text: series of slow steps. As she comes closer to him, she starts
text: to smile, a slow dreamlike smile that seems to well up from
text: some deep inner joy. Oliver leans forward, drawn by the girl,
text: until as she comes within reach he puts out his hand to take
text: her arm. Her smile quivers into a little laugh, at once
text: childish and enticing. She eludes him. At this moment, her
text: song ends. While the	others applaud, she crosses to the
text: door. There, she stops abruptly.
text: CLOSEUP of Thea, looking across the room at Oliver. Her face,
text: flushed and alive, is a frank invitation, almost innocent in
text: its candid admission of desire. Then she slowly turns her
dialog: head away.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Oliver as Thea slips out the door in the b.g.
text: He gets to his feet. Cathy puts out her hand to hold him back
text: but he doesn't even see it. As Oliver walks past the table
text: unsteadily, the General gets to his feet and blocks his way.
text: Oliver pushes him aside impatiently.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Everything's dead in here, dead and
dialog: empty.
dialog: (gesturing toward the
dialog: door)
text: Out there; the night is alive.
text: He continues across and goes out through the door.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (starting for the door;
dialog: harshly)
dialog: Someone should go with him. He's
dialog: has had too much to drink.
text: Suddenly Miss Wollsten laughs. Cathy whirls around to stare
text: at her angrily. Miss Wollsten returns the stare.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: I think Thea is steady enough for
dialog: both. She has not had too much to
dialog: drink.
text: The General looks at her with hatred and crosses back to his
text: chair and sits down. Miss Wollsten, with a smile, turns and
text: goes upstairs.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: (almost incoherently)
dialog: Don't go. You are leaving me, you
dialog: are all leaving me --
text: Albrecht, instantly concerned, gets up and bonds over the
dialog: dying man.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: I'm here. The General is here. You
dialog: are not alone.
speaker_heading: DR. DROSSOS
dialog: (with a last spurt of
dialog: strength)
dialog: I must meet him with laughter -
dialog: with songs and laughter -- to
dialog: show him I am not afraid --
text: With the last words, Dr. Drossos catches up his wine glass,
text: but, before he can lift it to his lips he begins to slump in
text: his chair. The echo of his final challenge dies. The General
text: steps quickly to his side.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
text: He is dying.
text: Dr. Drossos doubles up in his chair and falls limply forward
text: across the table. His hand relaxes and the wine glass falls,
text: the wine spilling out with the doctor's life.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: When she stood beside him, I knew.
dialog: I could feel death in the room.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS - DAY
text: MED. SHOT — Cathy, alone, paces the little terrace outside
text: the house. It is evident that she is disturbed and agitated
text: by something. After a moment, the sound of Thea's voice,
text: singing, comes into the still morning air. Cathy stops,
dialog: listening.
text: CLOSER SHOT of Cathy, her face hardening with angry jealousy
text: as she listens to Thea's clear, sweet song. Oliver comes into
text: the ruins. Cathy turns as Oliver comes toward her, smiling as
text: he looks off in the direction of the singing.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (emotionally)
dialog: Oliver --
text: Oliver's smile fades into concern as he comes up to take
text: Cathy's hand in quick sympathy.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What is it, Cathy? What's the
dialog: matter?
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Cathy and Oliver. The singing continues
text: over this entire scene, sometimes louder, sometimes fainter,
text: as if Thea were strolling about the island.
text: Cathy's expression is distraught and she clings to Oliver's
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: My father -- I'm alone, Oliver,
dialog: completely alone!
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: Poor Cathy --
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (with rising hysteria)
dialog: Last night Dr. Drossos -- today you
dialog: or I -- oh, no, Oliver, it can't be
dialog: you, I couldn't stand it.
text: Cathy, clutching Oliver's hand tightly, leans toward him
text: yearningly. Oliver, beginning to find her emotionalism
text: awkward and a little distasteful, is deliberately matter-of
dialog: fact now.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: There's no reason to decide
dialog: any of us are going to die.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: If only we could get away - - you
dialog: and I. The others are strangers,
dialog: they mean nothing to me
text: Struck by this callousness, Oliver's face loses the last
text: trace of sympathy for Cathy.
speaker_heading: CATHY (CONT'D)
dialog: (feverishly)
dialog: We have to get away, we have to
dialog: live. I have no one in the world --
dialog: you must stay with me, care for me—
text: Making an effort to control his instinctive aversion to her
text: closeness, Oliver takes hold of her arms and pulls them away,
text: at the same time stepping back from her. He smiles at her,
text: trying to return their relationship to a normal footing.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: We'll talk later, when you're
dialog: yourself again.
text: Cathy still stands motionless and Oliver walks away in the
text: direction of Thea's singing, which now comes over the scene
text: clearly. CAMERA REMAINS on Cathy, as she watches him go. Her
text: face contorts and she starts weeping with rage and
text: frustration. Abruptly, she turns and starts off.
text: EXT THE LANDING OUTSIDE THE TUNNEL - DAY
text: The General stands here, leaning on his sabre, looking toward
text: the mainland from which comes the sound of cannonading.
text: Behind him is a camp chair.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MAINLAND - DAY - (MATTE SHOT)
text: In the distance small puffs of smoke can be seen and the
text: sound of canon fire comes from afar.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDING OUTSIDE THE TUNNEL - DAY
text: The General looks up at a little flag on a pole which has
text: been erected nearby. It blows south, rippling and undulating
text: in the brisk north wind. He turns to look back at the other
text: shore. Cathy comes out of the tunnel. The General turns to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (looking at the flag)
dialog: The wind has not changed.
text: He shakes his head. Cathy sinks down in the camp chair.	Her
text: face still drawn from her emotional upset looks frighteningly
dialog: exhausted.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (compassionately)
dialog: Poor child. These must be horrible
dialog: days for you.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I'm so ill, I'm so exhausted -- I
dialog: almost don't care.
text: The General looks at her with heightened attention.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You look so pale this morning, as
dialog: if all your blood were drained
dialog: away.
text: Cathy looks at him, her ego gratefully absorbing this
text: attention and sympathy. The General takes a few steps back
text: and forth, then stops before her.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Has that girl -- has Thea ever told
dialog: you where she comes from?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (not liking the change of
dialog: subject)
dialog: Some village in the mountains --
dialog: Alethera, I think.
text: The General stands very still.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Has she spoken to you of her father
dialog: and her mother?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (indifferently)
dialog: She has never mentioned her family.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: How old is she?
text: The General waits tensely for the answer, which means so much
text: to him. Cathy, now definitely bored by the trend of the
text: conversation, replies cattily:
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (indifferently)
dialog: I don't know --- fairly young.
text: The General stands silent. Cathy gets up languidly and starts
dialog: for the tunnel.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: The sun is so strong here.
text: The General watches her depart, then walks to the edge of the
text: landing and starts down towards the beach.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. CYPRESS GROVE - DAY -
text: LONG SHOT - HIGH CAMERA SETUP. The sunlight drifts in long
text: beams between the trees. At the end of one of these rays of
text: light, Thea is seated on a block of marble. In her lap are
text: some myrtle leaves and she is happily occupied in weaving
text: them into a crown.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Thea. Suddenly a tall shadow falls over
text: her. She looks up.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE. The General stands before Thea. She looks up
text: without a smile of greeting.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You have deceived me long enough.
dialog: Now I have found out. You are from
dialog: Alethera -- from where I took you
dialog: and from where you came to die - -
dialog: to die without dying - -
text: Thea rises and faces him.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: Why are you making up these things -
dialog: - why are you wishing evil on me?
dialog: (as if answering her own
dialog: question)
dialog: You know who I am, don't you?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I wish I didn't know.	I wish I had
dialog: never found you again.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I knew you hated me and my people --
dialog: but I didn't know your hatred was
dialog: so bitter --
text: The General's expression softens. He shakes his head sadly.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: It isn't hatred. I couldn't hate
dialog: you.
text: Thea looks at him wonderingly, struck by the change in his
dialog: tone.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (somberly)
dialog: I failed you twenty years ago. Now,
dialog: I've come to do what must be done.
text: Thea's face lights up. She says, almost hopefully:
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: To take me with you?
text: The General draws back from her in horror, believing as he
text: does that she is a Vrykolaka. With his left hand he begins to
text: reach inside his tunic.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (in a hoarse whisper)
dialog: No - - no -- to do what I should
dialog: have done.
text: At this moment, a call comes from above.
speaker_heading: OLIVER'S VOICE
dialog: Thea --
text: The General looks off towards the voice.
speaker_heading: OLIVER'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thea --
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (calling)
dialog: I'm here..
text: The General lets go her arm.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (in a low voice)
dialog: I watched you -- you've bewitched
dialog: him. But he is my friend.
dialog: You'll not do to him what you have
text: done to the young English girl.
text: Thea turns and runs. The General stands looking after her.
text: EXT. THE LOWER END OF THE PATH LEADING FROM THE HOUSE - DAY
text: Oliver comes leisurely down the path to the three or four
text: steps which brings it to the floor of the grove. He stops
text: suddenly as Thea runs in very agitated. She runs up to him
text: and he takes her in his arms.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Thea, what's wrong?
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: The General threatened me.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Oh, that Vrykolaka business. You
dialog: mustn't be too angry with him,
text: Thea. He's an old man and now with
dialog: all this trouble —— the
dialog: disappointment in not being able to
dialog: lead his own army to victory --
dialog: cooped up here waiting for death -
text: naturally his mind goes back to the
dialog: things he believed when he was an
dialog: ignorant lad in some mountain
dialog: village.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: He keeps asking for the name of
dialog: my father and mother.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Well, tell, him.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Why in the world can't you?
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: He hates all my race.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I knew that feuds still went on,
dialog: but I didn't think people like you
dialog: and the General would be involved.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: It is more than a feud between two
dialog: families. He stole my mother away
dialog: from her people.
text: Oliver looks at her, holding her out at arm's length.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Thea, what is this? What are you
dialog: trying to tell me? "He stole your
dialog: mother" —-
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: It is for that he hates me.
text: Oliver shakes his head.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: I don't think so, Thea. He has
dialog: spoken of your mother. I don't
dialog: believe he knows you are his
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: Then why does he persecute me? My
dialog: family told me what kind of man he
dialog: is, how he stole my mother and then
dialog: abandoned her --
text: Oliver takes her hand.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: They didn't tell you the whole
dialog: truth. Why do you think your mother
dialog: went back to him after you were
dialog: born?
text: Thea looks at him, uncertain, unconvinced.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Because she loved him.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I know him, Thea. Believe me, he is
dialog: not a cruel man.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: For a moment, when he looked at me
dialog: so sadly, I felt that I had wronged
dialog: him. But then --
text: She shudders, remembering her last sight of the General.'
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Let me tell him. When he knows you
dialog: are his child, he'll forget these
dialog: insane notions -—
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: No -- you musn't. He thinks I've
dialog: bewitched you. He won't believe it
dialog: —- he'll hate me even more! My only
dialog: chance is to stay away from him.
text: Oliver puts his arm around her in a protective gesture.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Perhaps you are right. He's not
dialog: himself now. We'll wait —— and in
dialog: the meantime, don't be afraid I'll
dialog: take care of you..
text: Thea gives him a faint, grateful smile and rests her head
text: against his shoulder trustingly.
text: THE NARROW LEDGE IN FRONT OF THE CRYPTS - DAY
text: The General turns onto the ledge and begins walking. From the
text: crypt comes the sound of someone moving about. He stops.
scene_heading: INT. THE CRYPT - DAY
text: A crude wooden coffin stands on two trestles in the center of
text: the crypt. Beside it stands Miss Wollsten. Suddenly the body
text: of the General blocking the doorway shuts off the light
text: falling into the crypt. Miss Wollsten looks up startled.
dialog: TWO SHOT - The General and Miss Wollsten.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Woman, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
text: (rising to her feet and
dialog: attempting to look more
dialog: normal and a little
dialog: strange and guilty)
dialog: I wanted to be sure of something,
dialog: General -- something that has
dialog: always preyed on my mind. I have a
dialog: horror of being buried alive and
dialog: awakening to find myself shut in —-
text: entombed —— imprisoned..
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (pointing to the coffin)
text: He sleeps quietly. He died with a
text: wine glass in his hand -- he died
dialog: laughing -- a brave man, Drossos,
dialog: like his father before him.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: Because he was a brave man -
dialog: because I liked him -- I came here
dialog: to be sure.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: He's dead enough. God rest his
dialog: soul.
text: He starts to turn away.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: General -—
text: He turns back to her.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: I'm a woman -- a lonely woman. I
dialog: have few friends.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: I have not had a happy life --but
dialog: that one thing - - that terror
dialog: which brings me awake out of deep
dialog: sleep —- I want to avoid it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I don't understand you.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: I don't want to be buried alive. If
dialog: I die I want to be sure —- quite
dialog: sure.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: If you should fall sick we'll be
dialog: careful. You need not worry.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: No, I want more than that. I beg
dialog: you General, make sure --drive a
dialog: knife through my heart -- anything.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
text: (looking at her in sudden
dialog: horror)
dialog: You ask that of me? You're afraid
dialog: to live in your coffin. You know
dialog: what that means?
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: That's superstition. That's
dialog: something out of old tales -- about
dialog: the dead who live —- I'm talking of
dialog: something else --cataleptic attacks
dialog: -- apparent death that is not real.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Never fear -- when you are dead you
dialog: will remain dead. I will see to it
dialog: that you do not walk about again. I
dialog: promise you that. There is another
dialog: one here who can not die. I will
dialog: watch you both. Never fear.
text: He turns and walks away from her. Miss Wollsten looks after
text: him with a puzzled expression. She makes a half move as if to
text: stop him for explanation then thinks better of it and lets
dialog: him go.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Albrecht sits at the long table where he sorts his artifacts.
text: Oliver sits on the table facing him.
text: THE CAMERA PANS FROM the scientist and Oliver to the woman
text: servant who is setting the table and the man servant who is
text: pouring charcoal into the brazier. As the charcoal covers the
text: live coals that corner of the room grows dim and the CAMERA
text: PANS TO the foot of the stairs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRLS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Thea stands in front of the mirror brushing her long hair.
text: Suddenly, there is a small movement in the glass alongside
text: her reflection. She stops brushing, poised in midair, peers
text: into the glass, then whirls to look at the window.
scene_heading: THE WINDOW - NIGHT
text: A face hardly discernible and unrecognizable is disappearing
text: from the glass.
text: CLOSE SHOT - Thea. She looks in puzzlement at the window,
text: then with a little shrug, she lays down her brush and begins
text: to pile up her hair and put on her head-dress. She finishes,
text: bends swiftly to put out the oil light and goes out the door.
text: The room is plunged into darkness, except for the lighted
text: doorway of Miss Wollsten's room.
scene_heading: INT. THE CORRIDOR	NIGHT
text: DOLLY SHOT The CAMERA MOVES BEFORE Thea as she comes down the
text: dark hallway. The top button of her dress needs fastening and
text: she is concentrating on it as she walks. Behind her a vague
text: form seems to be emerging from the darkness. At the stair
text: landing she pauses.
scene_heading: THE TOP OF THE STAIRS - NIGHT
text: FULL CLOSE SHOT - Thea - as she pauses to finish adjusting
text: the button. Behind her, the half-seen dimness of the figure
text: that has followed her down the hall emerges fully in the
text: person of the General. Just as he comes into clear
text: perception, Thea finishes fastening the button of her dross
text: and starts down the stairs, quite oblivious of his
text: threatening proximity. He stops at the top of the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRLS' BEDROOM - NIGHT~
text: The CAMERA IS SET UP IN a corner with a wide angle lens
text: taking in both the door to the hall and the door to Miss
text: Wollsten's room. The room is in darkness, but Miss Wollsten's
text: room glows with a dim light. Miss Wollsten comes into the
text: doorway of her room. In her hand is one of the little
text: lychnoses. She hears a knock at the hall doorway. She
text: hesitates a second, then puts out the lamp, plunging the room
text: in darkness. At this instant, the door from the hail opens
text: admitting light as well as the General. The General strikes a
text: match and sets flame to the oil lamp which Thea left in the
text: room. When the room is illuminated, Miss Wollsten has
text: disappeared and only the black emptiness of her doorway can
text: be seen. The General holds up the lamp and looks around. He
text: walks into the room and CAMERA PANS WITH him as he crosses to
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: CATHY'S VOICE
dialog: General -—
text: The General turns back towards the hall door, startled.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - including both the General and Cathy, who
text: stand in the open doorway to the hall.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I was looking for you.
text: The General walks over to her.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I have been troubled about you. I
dialog: want you to know that my room is
dialog: just downstairs --
dialog: (nodding toward hail)
dialog: You have only to cry out if you are
dialog: ill —— or frightened.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: How kind you are. It is so
dialog: comforting to know that someone
dialog: cares.
text: As she speaks, Cathy goes into the room and sits on the edge
dialog: of her bed.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: You no longer have your father —-
dialog: (smiles almost
dialog: affectionately)
dialog: And I have no children.
text: The General turns to leave the room, then looks back toward
text: the other bed.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
text: Miss Wollsten shares the room with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: No, that's Thea's bed. Miss
text: Wollsten's bed is in there.
text: Cathy gestures toward the darkened doorway of Miss Wollsten's
text: room. The General looks for a second longer at Thea's bed and
text: then nods as he starts out.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I'll see you at dinner.
text: As the General closes the door behind him, Cathy gets up and
text: crosses to the dressing—table.
text: From behind her, out of the darkness of her own room, comes
dialog: Miss Wollsten.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: I've always known what an evil mind
text: lay behind that pretty weak face of
dialog: yours —— but this, Cathy -- even I
dialog: would never have believed it is of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (genuinely bewildered)
dialog: Would you care to explain what
dialog: you're talking about?
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: You've been playing on the
dialog: superstitions of that poor old man
dialog: — — working at him — — turning him
dialog: against Thea.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Really, this is idiotic!
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: You'd do anything to get Oliver
dialog: away from Thea. But I'm going to
dialog: stop you. I'm going to tell Mr.
dialog: Davis exactly what you are.
text: Cathy's bewilderment has this time given way to rage, as the
text: ancient antagonism between the two women flares up again.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: And what makes you think he'll
dialog: believe you, when I tell him what
dialog: you are - - what part you played in
dialog: my father's life --
text: Miss Wollsten shrinks back from her, appalled at the
text: interpretation Cathy's tone gives to her love for St. Aubyn.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: When I tell him that you're unfit
dialog: to live a normal life with normal
dialog: people —- a cataleptic!
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: (stricken)
dialog: You wouldn't tell that ——
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Wouldn't I?
text: Now, Miss Wollsten's calm leaves her. She almost shrieks at
dialog: the girl.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: Then tell them! You're despicable,
dialog: a monster of vanity with heart for
dialog: no one but yourself. Tell them
dialog: everything -- but I will tell them
dialog: too —- and you'll lose, Cathy --
dialog: you understand -- you'll lose!
text: She turns from Cathy, picks up the lamp and goes back to her
text: own room. Cathy looks after her, her expression of rage
text: fading to an irritated frown. Then, with a shrug, she picks
text: up the lychnos and walks out of the room to the hall.
scene_heading: INT. MISS WOLLSTEN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The bed is turned down and a white cotton nightgown hangs
text: over the footboard. Miss Wollsten picks up a shawl and
text: adjusts it with a frenzied movement about her shoulders. She
text: starts to pick up the lamp, then suddenly stops; her face
text: contorts, her lips writhe in strangulated agony and very
text: slowly her knees buckle. She goes to her knees, to all fours,
text: and then slides from this position to the floor.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Oliver, Thea, the General and Albrecht an already seated at
text: the table Albrecht has a soup tureen before his and is
text: ladling out bowls of soup which the woman servant takes to
text: the various places. Cathy, coming across the room from the
text: staircase, goes to her place.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
text: It has been brisk and warm today.
dialog: Take comfort We always have these
dialog: perfect days before the sirocco
dialog: blows.
text: Albrecht starts to ladle out another portion, looks toward
text: the one empty seat and asks:
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Where is Miss Wollsten?
speaker_heading: CATHY
text: She's in her room.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I'll get her	--
text: Thea gets up and moves quickly across to the stairway.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: If Mr. Albrecht is right, we'll all
dialog: be free in a few days.
dialog: (to Cathy)
dialog: I suppose you'll be going on to
dialog: Athens?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (the usual)
dialog: I don't know now without my
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: You are right. You shouldn't be
dialog: traveling alone.
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: Why don't you make the trip with
dialog: her?
text: Cathy turns to Oliver, waiting hopefully for his answer.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (politely disinterested)
dialog: I'd like to, very much -- but it
dialog: depends on what dispatches are
dialog: waiting for me on the mainland.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: In case you do so, would you --
text: Albrecht's words are cut by terrible shriek from the upper
text: floor. For a split second, they are sit motionless and then
text: they jump up and rush, to the staircase.
scene_heading: INT. THE CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT on head of stairway as the group come up the
text: stairs. The men, in the lead, cross towards the girls' room
text: and Cathy hurries after them.
scene_heading: INT. MISS WOLLSTEN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Thea bending over the body of Miss
dialog: Wollsten.
text: Over the scene come the sound of a door opening, quick
text: footsteps and ad lib voices. As Thea raises her head, the
text: CAMERA DRAWS BACK to show the General in the doorway of the
text: room, with Oliver, Albrecht and Cathy behind him. As the
text: General stares into the room, Thea's hand goes up to her
text: necklace. She rises quickly as the General comes forward and
text: steps aside. The General drops to one knee beside Miss
text: Wollsten's body.
text: Oliver goes over to Thea and Albrecht comes to stand beside
dialog: the General.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
text: She is dead.
text: Cathy, still standing in the doorway, gives a little gasp and
text: draws back into her own room.
text: CLOSE SHOT. The General opens the high neck of Miss
text: Wollsten's dress and examines the throat and upper bosom.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: There are no marks.
text: He looks off toward Thea.
text: MED. SHOT. As Thea shrinks away from the General's look,
text: Oliver puts a protective arm around her and leads her into
text: the other room.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Help me put her on the bed.
text: The two men lift Miss Wollsten's body from the floor and
dialog: carry it to the bed.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I want to make those tests that Dr.
dialog: Drossos made.
dialog: (looking down at the
dialog: corpse)
dialog: I promised her.
text: He looks around the room, then goes to the dresser and picks
text: up a hand-mirror.
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRLS ROOM - NIGHT
text: FULL SHOT - SHOOTING THROUGH the open doorway into Miss
text: Wollsten's room. In immediate foreground Cathy and Thea sit
text: on the bed, their backs to the CAMERA. Thea has her arm
text: around Cathy. Leaning on one side of the doorway, so as not
text: to obstruct the view, is Oliver.
text: The General and Albrecht can be seen bending over Miss
text: Wollsten's bed, but we cannot see what they are doing.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT'S VOICE
text: Her heart is stopped -- there is no
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: GENERAL'S VOICE
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: There is a way to make sure -—
text: Oliver moves into Miss Wollsten's room, at the same time
dialog: saying sharply:
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: No. We can do without that.
scene_heading: INT. MISS WOLLSTEN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: MED. SHOT - the three men.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Another sad task. We'll bury her
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: (gesturing to door)
dialog: I think we'd better lock the door
dialog: for tonight. It will make them less
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (positively)
dialog: No.
dialog: (looking toward the door)
dialog: She shall not be left here.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Maybe you're right. Help me get
dialog: something to carry her downstairs.
text: The figures of the three men go past the CAMERA. Their
text: footsteps can be heard as they leave the room; the sound of
text: the door closing as they shut it behind them.
text: The CAMERA which has remained focused on Miss Wollsten's face
text: begins to slowly MOVE IN to an extreme CLOSEUP. Here it holds
text: a moment and as it HOLDS there is a sudden twitch of muscles
text: in the woman's cheek.
text: As the sound of the men's feet scuffling as they bring in a
text: heavy burden is heard, the CAMERA begins to PULL BACK in
text: order to reveal the General, Albrecht and Oliver carrying in
text: a heavy packing box of the sort that the archaeologist uses
text: to ship statues and pieces of heavy stone carving.
text: They put the box on the floor, line it with a blanket and
text: then lift Miss Wollsten and place her in the box. While the
text: General and Oliver get the lid from the hall, Albrecht
text: notices the white cotton nightgown on the foot of the bed and
text: picks it up. They put the lid on the box and start to lift
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: THE CYPRESS GROVE - DAY
text: LONG SHOT. Thea is seated and she watches Oliver, Albrecht,
text: the General and the man servant as they carry the heavy box
text: down the path from the house. Behind the men and their burden
text: walk Cathy, Thea and the woman servant.
scene_heading: THE LEDGE IN FRONT OF THE CRYPTS - DAY
text: The little procession comes up onto the ledge and starts
text: walking along it to the nearest crypt, the one next to that
text: occupied by the remains of Dr. Drossos.
scene_heading: THE CRYPT - DAY
text: The men come in with the box and set it up on two stone
text: supports. They group themselves around it and stand a moment
text: with bowed heads.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Rest in peace.
text: They all file quietly out. THE CAMERA does not move from the
text: position in which it has been set. It remains focused on the
text: coffin for a long moment, then, slowly, it begins to DOLLY
text: IN. When it has come very close to the coffin the sound of
text: groaning can be heard from within the box, then a muffled
text: cry, movement and the sound of fingernails scraping against
dialog: the boards.
scene_heading: THE LANDING - DAY
text: The General sits in his camp chair looking across at the
text: mainland. Above his head the flag is streaming to the north
text: and a south wind, blowing, ruffles the General's hair and
text: clothing. The General pays no attention to the flag. Oliver,
text: half running, comes out of the tunnel.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: General! The wind --- look the wind
dialog: has changed to the South.
text: The General glances up at the flag indifferently and then
text: turns again to watch the mainland.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It's the sirocco -- we'll be able
dialog: to get away from here -- you can
dialog: take command of your army
text: The General shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I have had command for the last
dialog: time —-
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Come —- you'll feel yourself again
dialog: as soon as we get off this dismal
dialog: island.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (starting to rise)
dialog: I shall not leave the island ——
text: As he gets to his feet, he staggers. Oliver catches him and
text: looks at him in horrified alarm. Slowly the General nods,
text: answering the unspoken question. He has the plague. Oliver
text: takes his arm, passes it over his own shoulder and begins to
text: help him toward the tunnel.
scene_heading: TNT. CRYPT - DAY
text: The coffin is still sealed. But from within comes a muffled
text: crying, the sound of fists beating on the boards, the
text: slithering scrape of nails.
scene_heading: INT. COFFIN - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT - Miss Wollsten's face and shoulders. She has
text: managed to free her arms from the heavy blanket. With her
text: arms lifted above her head she is frantically pushing against
text: the coffin lid. As she struggles she screams and her screams
text: echo and reverberate in the narrow confines of the coffin.
text: Exhausted by her futile efforts, Miss Wollsten stops
text: struggling, lies still, breathing deeply, her heavy breathing
dialog: echoing.
text: Then she tries to turn in the coffin. It is too narrow. Again
text: she beats on the lid. Then she tries to dig her way out with
text: her nails. The scrape of her nails on the dull and echoing
text: wood is the only sound. Finally, even this is too much for
text: her fading strength. She lies quiet, softly moaning.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Oliver and the General come up the stairs. With Oliver
text: supporting the sick man, they start down the corridor just as
text: Cathy comes out from her room. She watches the two men go
text: down the corridor. She follows them. When they turn into the
text: General's room, she stands waiting in the corridor. A moment
text: later, Oliver comes out.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (as he passes Cathy)
dialog: I'm going to get Albrecht. Watch
dialog: the General for me.
text: Cathy nods and goes on into the General's room.
scene_heading: INT. THE GENERAL'S ROOM - DAY
text: Fully clothed, the General lies on his bed. Cathy comes in
text: and stands beside him. The General looks up at her.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: The wind has changed. There's no
dialog: more danger for the army. You can
dialog: go.
text: Cathy looks toward the window.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (looking toward the
dialog: window)
dialog: It's getting dark. I can't leave
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: In the morning -- go. I'll not die
dialog: until then —- I'll not die —— I'll
dialog: watch -— they shall not hurt you.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (comfortingly)
dialog: Shh——— it's all right -— I'll be
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: They shall not hurt you
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: THE LEDGE OUTSIDE THE CRYPT - NIGHT
text: MED. LONG SHOT~— the mouth of the crypt is solid black in the
text: night. From it comes a low mutter of sound.
scene_heading: INT. THE CRYPT - NIGHT
text: The coffin is silhouetted against the lighter darkness of the
text: night outside the crypt. Here the muttering, moaning and
text: whining of the entombed woman sounds louder.
scene_heading: INT. THE COFFIN
text: Miss Wollsten is almost exhausted by her struggles. Her
text: single garment is torn from her exertions; her face is
text: scratched and bleeding. She lifts her hands again to tear at
text: the wooden ceiling of her prison.
text: INSERT	MISS WOLLSTEN'S HANDS. The nails are ragged and
text: broken; blood streams from under them.
text: CLOSE SHOT — Miss Wollsten. She ceases to struggle; lies
text: quietly, her eyes open. There is an expression of awareness
text: in her face, almost as if she were listening to something.
text: Very faintly, but growing in volume, reverberated by the
text: narrow confines can be heard a rhythmic tapping. The sound
text: gets louder and louder.
text: CLOSE SHOT of the crypt wall. Water is dripping down onto the
text: coffin. It drops with a certain, finite measure like the word
text: "vrykolaka", quickly and rhythmically.
text: Several times Miss Wollsten's lips move as if repeating the
text: words. Then another word begins to come in from underneath
text: the phrases of the General. At first it is so low in volume
text: then it is barely perceptible,then it grows in volume.
speaker_heading: GENERAL'S VOICE
dialog: Vrykolaka -- Vrykolaka --
text: SHOT of the crypt wall. The water continues to drip onto the
text: coffin in the same rhythm as the word~
scene_heading: INT. THE COFFIN — EIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT — Miss Wollsten's face. She is listening to the
text: drumming of the water on the coffin. The word "Vrykolaka"
text: repeated over and over again to the same rhythm grows louder
text: and more insistent. She breathes rapidly. She turns her head
text: from side to side, then finally her whole body tenses, her
text: mouth opens and she screams.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Vrykolaka!
text: With the word a convulsive movement, a frenzy of strength
text: takes possession of her. She arches her back -and forces her
text: whole body against the lid of the coffin. It begins to
dialog: splinter.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Albrecht is seated at his work bench. He has a small square
text: of emery paper in his hand and is meticulously attempting to
dialog: remove the dirt and corrosion of the ages from Poseidon's
text: bronze trident. Oliver is watching him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It doesn't look much like the fish
dialog: spears I knew back in Marblehead..
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (holding it up between him
dialog: and the light)
dialog: Our friend, Poseidon, didn't use it
dialog: for fishing. He raked the sea with
text: it and stirred up the big waves.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: I'll go up and take a look at the
dialog: General —- perhaps sit with him.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: He won't even know you're there. He
text: is delirious.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: All the more reason to watch him.
dialog: He's had some wild notions lately.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Don't bother. Go to bed and get
dialog: some sleep. I'll be working late.
dialog: (pointing upstairs)
dialog: I can hear any movement down here.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (hesitating)
dialog: Well ——
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Go ahead. I'll wake you up when I
dialog: go to bed. Then you can watch him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Thank you, I'll do that. Good
dialog: night.
text: Oliver walks to the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. THE CRYPT - NIGHT
text: Miss Wollsten is emerging from the shattered coffin. There is
text: a wild and maniacal gleam in her eyes. The remnants of the
text: white blanket still cling about her shoulders. Her white
text: nightgown is in voluminous tatters about her bony body. She
text: starts out from the crypt.
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRLS' ROOM - NIGHT
text: An oil lamp is burning on the dresser and a lighted lychnos
text: stands on a little table beside Cathy's bed. Cathy is in bed,
text: propped up against the pillows. Her face is drawn, her eyes
text: unhappy and almost haunted. Thea sits on the foot of Cathy's
text: bed, watching her anxiously.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: You should sleep, Cathy. Lie down
dialog: and close your eyes. Try to forget
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (shaking her head)
text: When I close my eyes, I see Miss
dialog: Wollsten. I can't think of anything
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (gently)
text: She is dead — at peace.
text: With a movement so sudden that it startles Thea, Cathy sits
dialog: upright.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (feverishly)
dialog: Suppose, she isn't dead.
dialog: Suppose it was a cataleptic
dialog: attack?
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: It was, the plague
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: We quarreled. She never dared
dialog: get angry or frightened -- but I
dialog: said things to her -- it was an
dialog: attack, I know it was.
text: Half convinced by Cathy's certainty, Thea gets up from the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: Then let us go to her, Cathy.
dialog: We'll make sure — and your
dialog: mind will be at rest.
text: Cathy shrinks back against the pillows, her eyes	widening in
dialog: terror.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Oh, no —- I couldn't Thea.
dialog: I couldn't go into the crypt. I'm
dialog: afraid, you know I'm afraid.
text: For a moment, Thea stands looking at Cathy in silence. Then,
text: with an air of decision she crosses to the dresser. She picks
text: up a shawl, then puts out the oil lamp. The room fills with
text: shadows and only the dim glow of the lychnos illuminates the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (half fearfully half
dialog: hopefully)
dialog: What are you going to do?
text: Thea goes to the door and there turns back to face Cathy.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: I'll be back soon. Don't
dialog: worry anymore, Cathy.
text: Thea goes out, quietly closing the door behind her. Cathy
text: stares after her.
scene_heading: INT. THE GENERAL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A candle burns beside the bed. In the bed the Genera~ lies
text: restlessly tossing, muttering in delirium.
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRLS' ROOM NIGHT
text: The lychnos is burning dimly on a little table beside Cathy's
text: bed. She lies awake, her eyes wide open, watching the shadows
text: across the ceiling. She hears Oliver's footsteps, listens,
text: identifies them, then resumes looking at the shadows.
text: EXT. THE CONVERGENCE OF THE PATHS LEADING TO THE GROVE AND
scene_heading: THE CRYPTS - NIGHT
text: Thea descends the steps to the two paths and starts to take
text: the right-hand turn. She stops as she sees something ahead of
text: her and peers out into the darkness. There is a low moaning
text: sound. It stops. She takes two steps forward. The moaning
text: sounds again. Thea is frightened. She stops a moment and then
text: decides to take the left-hand path to the cypress grove and
text: the beach. She has hardly disappeared from view into the
text: darkness of the left-hand path, when Miss Wollsten comes
text: along the path from the crypts. She wanders in a dazed
text: condition and there is madness in her eyes. She seems puzzled
dialog: as to which way she should go.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CYPRESS GROVE - NIGHT
text: Thea walks through the cypress grove under the dark trees.
text: She is nervous and stops several times. Even the sudden trill
text: of a nightingale causes her to catch her breath in surprise
text: and stand stock still until she has identified the sound,
text: smile at her own nervousness and pass on. All the little
text: night sounds of the wood are exaggerated and nerve shattering
text: to her oversensitive ears. Finally, she reaches the little
text: beach at the end of the cliffs and stands here safe; the
text: space around her a guarantee against surprise.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Albrecht is nodding over his work bench. He almost falls
text: asleep, but catches himself and takes a draught of beer from
text: the glass beside him. He then goes on polishing the trident.
text: EXT. THE STEPS LEADING TO THE LANDING - NIGHT
text: Thea, listening and alert, starts to climb the steps. A
text: sudden break of surf on the shingle of the beach makes her
text: tense. She goes on up the steps to the landing.
scene_heading: EXT.. THE LANDING - NIGHT
text: Thea comes up. The dark tunnel faces her. In the center
text: through the broken roofing a shaft of moonlight cuts in. She
text: stands hesitantly before the opening, then almost as if
text: taking her courage into her hands, she begins to walk slowly,
text: shuffling one foot after the other.
scene_heading: INT. THE TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Thea comes through the darkness.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - the patch of moonlight in the tunnel. Thea
text: comes into the patch of moonlight and breathes a little more
text: easily. She starts to take a firmer step. Ahead of her in the
text: darkness is a tiny unidentified noise. She freezes.
text: CLOSE SHOT - Thea. She listens. Again there is the tiny
text: unidentifiable noise; someone moving.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Who is there?
text: She waits for an answer. The echo of her voice is flung back
text: at her, "Who is there —— Who is there" and dies away on the
dialog: word 'Who —— Who."
text: MED. FULL SHOT - Thea in the tunnel. Ahead of her in the
text: darkness is the movement of something white.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: Is that you, Oliver?
text: The echoes ring around her with her own words. They die away.
text: CLOSE SHOT — Thea. She peers into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT THE TUNNEL AHEAD OF THEA - NIGHT
text: A dimly seen figure has advanced a few steps. Thea can see it
dialog: is a woman.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - THEA.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: Cathy?
text: FULL SHOT - Thea and the dim figure ahead of her. From the
text: darkness comes a, ringing peal of maniacal laughter and a
dialog: shouted name.
speaker_heading: MISS WOLLSTEN
dialog: Cathy!
text: Thea turns and runs back toward the landing. Miss Wollsten's
text: dimly seen figure disappears in the other direction.
scene_heading: THE MOUTH OF THE TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Miss Wollsten comes running madly out of the mouth of the
text: tunnel. She stops, peers around suspiciously, then goes to
text: the door of the house and opens it softly.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: The fire is low in the brazier. At his work bench Albrecht
text: has tipped his chair back against the wall and is sleeping.
text: Before him on the bench lies the bronze trident, its sharp
text: burnished points catching the fire light. Miss Wollsten
text: creeps in, closes the door softly behind her and on tiptoe,
text: with the cunning of madness, crosses the room to Albrecht.
text: She looks at him. He continues to sleep. Stealthily she
text: reaches between his limp hands and takes up the trident.
text: With the trident in her hand she begins to cross the main
text: room toward the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. THE GENERAL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: He is fitfully tossing.
scene_heading: EXT.	THE BEACH - NIGHT
text: Thea still very frightened, crouches against the stone which
text: supports Cerberus. She listens and there is no sound and
text: finally taking courage, she begins to walk through the grove
text: of cypress trees to the house.
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cathy lies still, wide awake, her eyes on the shadows on the
text: ceiling. Suddenly the door opens-- quietly and closes again.
text: Cathy half turns her head.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Thea?
text: There is a rush in the darkness a stifled exclamation of
text: fear, a quick blow with the trident and Cathy falls back on
text: her pillow dead, blood streaming from two puncture marks on
text: her throat. Miss Wollsten straightens, gazes about her for a
text: moment, then disappears into the shadows of the room.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Thea comes in, closes the door softly behind her, smiles as
text: she sees Albrecht asleep, crosses to him and shakes him
dialog: awake.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: Oh -— sleeping -- Oliver
dialog: wouldn't like that.
dialog: (he listens)
dialog: Well, everything seems to be
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: THEA
dialog: Goodnight.
text: She starts across the room and up the stairs. Albrecht,
text: realizing his hands are empty, begins looking for the
dialog: trident.
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: It is so still that Miss Wollsten's movements around the wall
text: in the darkness can be heard. Thea opens the door and comes
text: in. She looks over at Cathy's bed. Cathy seems to be asleep.
text: Without bothering to turn up the oil light, Thea turns back
text: the covers of her bed and begins to undress. Several times
text: she pauses to listen as if she had hoard a slight sound, then
text: continues to take off another piece of clothing until she is
text: down to her shift. As she begins to pull down the shoulder
text: straps of her shift a little louder noise in the darkness
text: causes her to stop. There is no repetition of the sound.
text: Again she starts to slip down her shoulder straps.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Albrecht is still looking for his trident. He finally gives
text: up and takes a drink of beer.
scene_heading: INT. THE GENERAL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The General is tossing wildly. He is awake and his eyes are
text: glazed with fever. He gets up. He is dressed in his uniform
text: trousers and a shirt. He wears neither boots nor tunic. He
text: begins to stagger toward the door.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: The General comes out of his room, supporting himself
text: with one hand against the wall. He moves blindly into the
text: corridor. Several times he passes his hand before his eyes as
text: if trying to clear his vision, but the blindness of the
text: plague is upon him.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: CLOSER SHOT - He comes up the stairs. He finds the door to
text: the girls' room by touch and opens it. He has to support
text: himself on the door jamb to prevent collapse. He shuffles in.
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRLS' ROOM - NIGHT
text: The General blindly gropes his way in.
text: CLOSE SHOT — Thea. She looks over in horror from the bed
text: where she is now lying.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - The General as he gropes his way across to
text: Cathy's bed. He kneels down beside it.
text: CLOSE SHOT — The General and Cathy. He gropes over her face
text: with his hand. One hand touches the wound at her throat. He
text: touches the blood stained hand against the fingers of the
text: other hand to test the wetness, then gropes again for the
dialog: wound.
text: CLOSE SHOT — The General and Cathy. He touches the two
text: puncture marks.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Vrykolaka.
text: His hand goes down to feel Cathy's heart beat. There is none.
text: The General straightens up and from his belt takes the small,
text: sharp stick of hazel-wood. He turns and begins blindly
text: staggering toward the other bed with outstretched hands. His
text: unseeing footsteps take him out of the periphery of the light
text: into the darkness.
text: CLOSE SHOT - Thea. She lies still, holding her breath, trying
dialog: desperately not to move, not to make a sound, not to attract
text: the General's attention and, give direction to his murderous
text: footsteps. She looks up at the shadows on the ceiling. The
text: lychnos casts weird moving shadows.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- The General, as he gropes his way.
text: CLOSE SHOT - Thea, straining to see into the shadows beyond
text: her bed. Suddenly, her face becomes completely terrorized.
text: Out of the darkness beyond the bed materialises the general's
text: hand holding the hazel-wood stick, as it comes into the
text: periphery of the light from to lychnos.
text: CLOSEUP - Thea's face. She can no longer control herself. She
dialog: screams.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - The General comes out of the darkness,
text: throws himself blindly, toward Thea.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - silently, swiftly, Miss Wollsten comes out of
text: the darkness, the trident gleaming in her hand. She strikes
text: down. The General's hands fall limp and harmless. The hazel
text: stick falls to the floor as the General collapses over the
dialog: bed.
scene_heading: INT. THE CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Oliver, rubbing the sleep from his eyes, startled by Thea's
text: scream, comes out into the corridor.
text: Suddenly he becomes completely alert as from the girls' room,
text: Miss Wollsten emerges. Oliver looks at her with shocked
text: horror and then rushes towards the girls' room.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Miss Wollsten comes rushing down the stairs. Albrecht looks
text: at her in amazement. His glass of beer falls to the floor.
text: She dashes through the door into the darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Albrecht comes out and peers off into the moonlight.
text: Evidently he sees the direction of Miss Wollsten's flight.
text: Picking up a lantern, he runs after her.
scene_heading: INT. THE GIRL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - The General lies on Thea's bed. Thea, now
text: in her robe, and Oliver bent over him. The General opens his
text: eyes. He seems darned, but his lace is calm in contrast to
text: his former appearance He turns his head slightly in Thea's
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: Theodosia --
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (with great sympathy)
dialog: Not Theodosia. Theodosia's
dialog: daughter -- your daughter.
text: The General looks from one to the other uncomprehendingly.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Daughter -- my daughter --
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: She was born before your wife
dialog: returned here to die. You never
dialog: knew.
text: An expression of full realization comes into the General's
text: face. He attempts to smile at Thea and makes an effort to
text: move his hand toward her. Thea understands the gesture and
text: puts her hand over his warmly. 'The touch of her hand induces
text: a state of euphoria in the General. He looks at Thea
text: gratefully, peacefully.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TEMPLE OF HADES - NIGHT
text: Fog is rising from the sea so that although the temple is
text: still clear, the cliff ends abruptly in a curtain of grey and
text: watery vapor. Miss Wollsten, the trident held before her,
text: comes running into the temple. She pauses, looks forward into
text: the grey wall before her. Behind her she can hear Albrecht's
text: footsteps. She throws down the trident, it rings on the
text: marble pavement of the temple. Then, almost with composure,
text: she walks slowly forward and suddenly disappears into the
text: grey fog. From the fog comes a long, descending scream. A
text: moment later, Albrecht appears with the lantern and stands
text: looking off. Glancing down, Albrecht sees the trident
text: gleaming in the light. He picks it up, examines it --
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: (softly to himself)
text: With Poseidon's trident she paid
text: her way to Hades. He let her pass
text: through the portals into his dark
dialog: realm.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. THE FLAG AT THE LANDING - DAY
text: The wind blows free from the South.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - DAY
text: It is early morning and the cliffs cast long shadows over the
text: rippling catspaws on the water. A small boat is drawn up on
text: the beach. Albrecht's man servant stands in the stern,
text: leaning on a sculling oar that he presses against the bottom
text: to hold the boat steady. Thea, with her bundle of possessions
text: beside her, sits on the thwart. Oliver stands on the beach,
text: holding the bow, and talking to Albrecht.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (pressing Albrecht's hand)
dialog: Goodbye.
speaker_heading: ALBRECHT
dialog: May life be good to you both. As
dialog: for the others —— they will be
dialog: quiet here —— and I will be with
dialog: them.
text: Albrecht smiles at Thea and Oliver. Oliver steps into the
text: bow.. The servant shoves the boat off from the beach.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: <!--
scene_heading: // FILE ARCHIVED ON 20011207215705 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
scene_heading: // INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 20031001101527.
scene_heading: // JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.
scene_heading: // ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
speaker_heading: // SECTION 108(a)(3)).
scene_heading: var sWayBackCGI = "http://web.archive.org/web/20011207215705/";
speaker_heading: function xLateUrl(aCollection, sProp) {
dialog: var i = 0;
dialog: for(i = 0; i < aCollection.length; i++)
dialog: if (aCollection[i][sProp].indexOf("mailto:") == -1 &&
scene_heading: aCollection[i][sProp].indexOf("javascript:") == -1)
dialog: aCollection[i][sProp] = sWayBackCGI + aCollection[i][sProp];
dialog: }
scene_heading: if (document.links) xLateUrl(document.links, "href");
scene_heading: if (document.images) xLateUrl(document.images, "src");
scene_heading: if (document.embeds) xLateUrl(document.embeds, "src");
dialog: if (document.body && document.body.background)
dialog: document.body.background = sWayBackCGI + document.body.background;
dialog: //-->
dialog: 
