dialog: It Follows
dialog: by
dialog: David Robert Mitchell
dialog: Version 15
dialog: 9.29.13
speaker_heading: Registration #1497688
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - NIGHT 1
text: ANNIE (20) stumbles out the front door of her parent's
text: lakeside home. She's in her pajamas, - wearing red pumps. She
text: moves with urgency and a primal fear.
text: She looks back as she runs, turning onto the street.
text: We hear the screen door open and close again.
text: Annie slows down, a few houses down. She stops and turns
text: towards her home, standing in the center of the street.
text: Street lamps and oak trees line the block.
text: It's quiet. Annie stares ahead - seeing something - she
text: starts to back up.
text: One step. Then another. Click of heels on concrete.
text: Slowly, tracking backwards, Annie remains focused on something
text: - fearful. We see nothing.
text: Nearby, a young couple, pulling groceries from their car
text: notice Annie walking in the street. The WOMAN steps towards
text: the sidewalk - concerned.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hey, are you ok?
text: Annie nods to the woman, but remains focused on something
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You need some help?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No.
text: The woman shrugs to her husband and turns away.
text: Annie turns - aware of something closing in. She continues
text: stepping backwards.
text: A door opens. ANNIE'S FATHER steps onto his front porch,
text: frazzled. He looks around and sees Annie in the street.
speaker_heading: ANNIE'S FATHER
dialog: Annie! What are you doing?
text: Annie looks to her dad, then back to the street - continuing
dialog: to move away.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm fine, dad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 1
speaker_heading: ANNIE'S FATHER
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Nowhere.
text: Annie looks back to her dad and the open door. She sprints
text: forward, rounding her imagined chaser.
text: Annie races across the lawn towards her father.
speaker_heading: ANNIE'S FATHER
dialog: What the hell, Annie?
text: She hops onto the porch, flashes a smile to her dad and runs
text: into the house. Confused, her father follows her.
text: It's quiet again outside. The couple carry their groceries
dialog: inside.
text: Moments later, Annie runs out the front door, keys in hand - a
text: purse over her shoulder.
text: She sidesteps across the porch and climbs into her car.
text: Starting the engine, Annie speeds away as her father runs
text: outside once more.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S CAR - NIGHT 2
text: Annie drives down a dark street - with wild abandon.
text: The radio is on.
text: Her cell phone rings from inside her purse on the passenger
dialog: seat.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE ST. CLAIRE - NIGHT 3
text: Annie's car is parked at the edge of a beach. The driver's
text: side door is open. The headlights are on.
text: Near the water, Annie sits alone in the wet sand, facing the
dialog: car.
text: A ring tone chimes - muffled through the cloth of her purse.
text: She stares. Focused. Terrified.
text: Annie looks ahead at the shadow-filled horizon of sand. Late
text: night mist flows across the beams of her car headlights.
text: Reaching into her bag, Annie grabs her cell phone and presses
text: a button. She's nearly crying as she holds the phone to her
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 3A
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 3
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Dad? Hi. I love you...
text: She listens - watching her surroundings. The water continues
text: to splash lightly behind her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I know. I know. I just wanted you
dialog: and mom to know how much I love you.
text: Annie stares ahead. We see her point-of-view - headlights
text: beaming down across the sand, illuminating her footprints. The
text: dark trees shift and sway.
text: We hold on this frame, even as Annie continues to speak...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm sorry I can be such a shit to you
dialog: sometimes. I don't know why I do
dialog: that. Just know that I love you, ok?
dialog: I just really... love you both...
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE ST CLAIRE - MORNING 3A
text: A hard-cut reveals...
text: Harsh morning sunlight on the sand and lake. Peaceful sounds.
text: Annie is laying along the shore. Her body is pale and still.
text: She's dead. Her jaw hangs open - head slumped to the side.
text: Blue lips and face - covered with bug bites. Her leg is
text: twisted back - violently rotated in its socket - a piece of
text: bone visible near the knee’s twisted skin. Her red pump
text: dangles from her foot, over her chest. Legs open. Something
dialog: awful and provocative.
text: Water or something viscous has soaked her pajama bottoms,
text: creating a small wet circle in the sand near her waist.
text: A seagull pulls at a piece of skin near her toes.
text: Cutting back to the now familiar POV shot facing the car and
text: the trees, we see two young kids looking at the body. A sister
text: and her younger brother. They stand, looking down - almost
text: frozen by the sight. The little boy holds a kite in his hands.
text: In the sunlight, it might be possible to distinguish Annie’s
text: footsteps leading down from her open car door, the children’s
text: footsteps leading up to their current position, and a third
text: set of footprints at the far left of frame. This third set
text: leads up to Annie and then recedes back into the treeline.
text: The waves continue to roll.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S BACKYARD - DAY 4
text: JAIME "JAY" HEIGHT, a pretty 19 year old girl, relaxes in her
text: hot tub - sipping a cola. Droplets of sweat dot her cheeks and
dialog: forehead.
text: A breeze pushes a swarm of white dandelion seeds through the
text: air, swirling past the young woman's face.
text: Jay stares up at a couple of birds hopping along the telephone
text: wire overhead. She smiles as they hop and peck - sharing some
dialog: food.
text: A squirrel races along the wire causing the birds to fly away.
text: Jay looks down - stretching her arms out in the hot water.
text: She looks at her hands and legs immersed in bubbles. The
text: bright sun reflects against the surface.
text: Something irritates her shoulder. Jay turns her head and looks
text: at her upper arm just above the water. She sees a tiny red ant
text: moving toward her elbow.
text: She watches it closely for a moment, then lowers her arm into
text: the water, dispelling the tiny insect in a swirl.
text: The glass door slides open - KELLY, Jay's 17-year-old sister,
text: leans out from the doorway in her summer clothes - it’s an
dialog: Indian Summer.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Hey Jay.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Nothing. Paul and Yara are here.
dialog: We're gonna watch a movie if you feel
dialog: like it?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Thanks, I'm going out actually.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That guy?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Kelly swings a bit - hanging onto the door handle. She flips
text: her hair up with a goofy smile and looks to her sister.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I like him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 4
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah me too.
text: Kelly steps inside and slides the door half-shut.
text: Across the backyard fence, Jay notices movement in the
text: neighboring yard.
text: Looking closely, she sees two pairs of eyes peeking out froma
text: pile of lumber. The NEIGHBOR BOYS spy on her through the chain-
text: link fence. A couple dumb little kids - ages 8 and 11.
text: Jay gives them a dirty look and points.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I see you.
text: The boys duck down out of view.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Don't you have a video game to play or
dialog: an animal to torture?
text: Jay slides deeper into the tub. She holds her mouth just
text: above the surface of the water.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S HOUSE - DAY 5
text: Jay walks inside, wrapped in a towel, her hair wet.
text: In the adjoining living room, Kelly sits with her friends
text: watching a bad comedy. They're sprawled across the furniture.
text: On tv: a man talks with his English-speaking dog about the
text: woman he loves. The dog offers bad romantic advice.
text: PAUL, 17, eats cheese curls on the lounge chair.
text: YARA, 17, is slumped into the couch cushions with her legs
text: across the coffee table; a pair or glasses on her nose. She
text: reads an ebook on her pink-shell-compact smartphone, still
text: managing to laugh at the television.
text: Jay stops alongside Kelly and watches a moment of the movie.
text: Jay smiles and waves to Yara, who glances up just long enough
dialog: to see who's around.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What are you reading?
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: The Idiot.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 5
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Is it good?
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: I don't know yet. It's about Paul.
text: Paul makes a face toward Yara - irritated.
text: Jay leans over the couch, letting water drip onto her sister's
text: face. Kelly swats her away.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey Jay.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (smiling at the bunch)
dialog: Hey Paul.
text: MRS. HEIGHT, Jay's mom, drinks wine and smokes in the dining
text: room - chatting on the telephone. Laughing.
speaker_heading: MRS HEIGHT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Oh no I'd love to. That sounds fun.
dialog: I could come over and cook for you if
dialog: you'd like. I make a really delicious
dialog: quiche. Do you like quiche?
text: The woman continues to flirt and smile through the telephone
text: receiver. For a mother, she is awkward and shy.
text: Without looking up, Yara mumbles a statement over the hokey
text: music of the movie.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Hey, I have an idea...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What?
text: Yara casually farts, staring down at her telephone screen.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Oh... it got away.
text: Kelly and Paul laugh and grimace as Yara grins like a child.
text: She scrolls and swipes, reading the novel on her phone.
text: Jay raises her brow and heads for the hallway.
text: Paul turns and glances at Jay as she walks away - eyeing the
dialog: older girl.
text: Yara and Kelly notice him staring at Jay. They smile to each
text: other - aware that he's love-struck and hopeless.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S BEDROOM - DAY 6
text: Jay adjusts her blouse in the mirror. She looks at herself -
text: admiring and critiquing.
text: Leaning close to her reflection, she puts on her make-up.
text: A polaroid on the mirror shows her drinking a beer with Paul
text: at a dark indoor swimming pool - much younger.
text: Dirty clothes hang from chairs or sit in piles along the
text: floor. Old dolls boxed in a corner. A scuffed and dirty
text: yearbook. Things covered in dust - all bathed in the green &
text: orange haze of summer light through curtains and a nearly
text: imperceptible post-adolescent mist.
text: Jay moves a lock of hair across her forehead - finessing its
dialog: placement - being picky.
text: She laughs at herself and blows a gust of air up - causing her
text: bangs to flip.
text: From across the room we watch the rest of the scene:
text: Jay walks to her dresser and grabs a pill bottle from atop it.
text: She opens the plastic container, pops out a pill and swallows
dialog: it. No water necessary.
text: Jay sets the bottle down and re-examines her outfit and shoes
text: in the mirror.
dialog: A pose - how does my ass look? Ok.
text: A coy glance at herself. A funny bug-eyed face. A raspberry
text: from buzzed lips and exhaled air.
text: We hear a deep rumbling as the camera pushes in towards the
text: mirror, moving tightly on Jay's lips as she covers them in
text: dark pink lipstick.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY 7
text: Jay stands alongside her date, HUGH (21), waiting in a long
text: line to buy tickets. They stand under the marquee, looking
text: out at the street and the passing crowds.
text: Hugh has a look of contentment on his face. The couple kiss.
text: A woman behind them glares and makes a face - jealous and
text: irritated by their public affection. They don't notice - only
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You ever play the "trade game"?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 7
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: No. What is it?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's a people watching game. My
dialog: sister and I used to play it when we
dialog: were bored.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: You're bored right now?
text: Jay smiles and shakes her head in playful frustration.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (stern but loving)
dialog: No. Shut up. Let me finish.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Alright, how do we play?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: OK. You start by watching the crowd -
text: casually scope out the people around
dialog: us.
text: Hugh turns and looks at the people at the rear of the line -
text: then toward a group near the lobby.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Ok.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Now without telling me, pick one
dialog: person that you'd like to trade places
dialog: with. It could be anybody. For
dialog: whatever reason.
text: Hugh nods and scans the crowd. Jay does the same.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Ok. I got one.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: So now I get 2 guesses to figure out
dialog: who you picked and why you want to
dialog: trade places with ‘em.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Alright. Good luck.
text: Jay looks around the crowds of people on the street. She
text: zeroes in on a very large man with a long beard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 7 CONTINUED: (2) 7
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Him.
text: Jay giggles and points casually at the big man. Hugh looks
text: and laughs, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You could pick up cars and throw them
dialog: if you were that guy.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Yeah, but he's not my pick.
scene_heading: TA INT. MOVIE THEATER LOBBY - DAY 7A
text: Waiting in line for popcorn with Hugh, Jay looks around the
text: elegant lobby. She notices a well dressed, good looking guy
text: talking to a hot blonde in a short dress.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That guy.
text: Hugh shakes his head - no.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I figured you'd wanna sleep with the
dialog: hot blonde.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Nope. She's not even cute.
text: Jay rolls her eyes. Hugh is clearly lying about the woman's
dialog: attractiveness.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ok. Who was your trade?
text: Hugh looks over at a couple standing by the stairs with their
text: little boy - feeding him movie theater junk food.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: The dad?
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: No. The son. How cool would it be to
dialog: have your whole life ahead of you?
text: Jay shrugs - thinking about it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 7A
speaker_heading: 7B
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: TA
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Come on. It's not like you're an old
dialog: man. You're 21.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: I know. But look how happy that kid
dialog: is. Plus, at that age you can go to
dialog: the bathroom anytime you want. Total
dialog: freedom.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yes, he's probably taking a shit right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Exactly. I could never get away with
dialog: that.
text: Jay shakes her head and smiles.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY 7B
text: With popcorn and drinks in hand, Jay and Hugh take their
text: seats. Jay starts to scope out the theater and nearby patrons.
text: The organist plays an overture.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ok. My turn.
text: Jay looks around, turning back to see the rear of the theater.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I got mine.
text: Hugh smiles as he eyes the surrounding crowd - enjoying the
text: game. Jay watches with anticipation.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: How about the girl in the yellow
dialog: dress?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: There.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Uh... I don't see her.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Right there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 7B
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 7B
text: Jay stares - confused - she sees no one - same as the
text: audience. Hugh points at an empty space near the curtained
dialog: entrance.
text: There is NO girl in a yellow dress - anywhere.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Are you teasing me?
text: Hugh looks at his date and begins to realize she's not
text: kidding. His face changes. He stares back at the walkway -
text: focused on something or someone unseen by us.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hugh, I'm sorry I just don't know who
dialog: you're talking about, but that's not
dialog: who I picked...
text: Jay's smile starts to fade.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No. What's wrong?
text: Hugh glances back quickly, starting to stand up.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: I don't think I feel like watching a
dialog: movie.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Why? What's going on?
text: Hugh sets his drink down. Jay stares at him, looking for an
dialog: explanation.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: I don't feel good all of a sudden.
text: Hugh is fidgeting - sweaty.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh. Well we don't have to watch the
dialog: movie. You need to go home?
text: Hugh turns his head and looks to the back of the theater. He
text: stares. Jay notices but doesn't say anything.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Um, let's just go to the car.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ok.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 7B
dialog: 10
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 7B
text: Hugh takes Jay’s hand and leads her to the side exit,
text: shuffling past movie-goers as they step into the sunlight.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DUSK 8
text: Jay walks with Hugh towards the parking lot. She notices him
text: glancing back - looking for something. His demeanor has
text: changed. Something is wrong.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Did you see somebody that made you
dialog: wanna leave?
text: Hugh shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Like an ex-girlfriend or something?
dialog: You said there was a girl in a yellow
dialog: dress. Was it someone you knew?
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: No. I just felt sick. I feel better
dialog: being outside.
scene_heading: INT. '67 FORD GALAXY - DUSK 9
text: Jay sits next to Hugh. He drives the car down the highway -
dialog: silent.
text: Jay turns from Hugh and stares ahead. She buckles her seat
text: belt and watches the road - unsettled.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - EVENING 10
text: Jay sits across from Hugh in a cozy booth, looking out at the
text: street through a large window.
text: They're eating Italian food.
text: Jay smiles and leans forward, cat-like, stealing a sip from
text: Hugh’s wide glass of beer.
text: Hugh glances outside. Jay touches his hand. A moment of
dialog: flirting.
text: Through a slow zoom, we move past the couple, focusing on the
text: distant intersection of pedestrians outside the window. Tiny,
text: but visible, a poor working class family walk together along
text: the sidewalk. The kids have ice cream. The parents smoke
text: heavily. A tall and very thin man crosses the road, moving
text: toward the restaurant - he coughs and hacks into his forearm.
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. '67 FORD GALAXY - NIGHT 11
text: Hugh's car is parked on the street near Jay's house. The pair
text: are making out passionately.
text: Mid-kiss, Hugh peeks out the window, looking into the dark
dialog: night.
text: Jay pulls away from the kiss and reaches for Hugh's pants
text: zipper. He gently guides her away.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: I want to, but...
text: Jay looks at Hugh - worried that she did something wrong.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: My stomach... still...
text: Jay gets it. She smiles and nods.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ok.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: I'll see you soon?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Bye.
text: Jay climbs out and jogs up to her front porch, pulling out her
text: keys. Hugh drives off with a wave.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S CAR - MORNING 12
text: Jay drives her car along the crowded I-75 expressway - into
text: the city. Detroit is grey and flat.
text: A radio DJ comments on the Indian Summer.
scene_heading: EXT. WAYNE STATE UNIVERSITY CAMPUS - MORNING 13
text: With backpack over shoulder, Jay walks along the half empty
text: path. Campus buildings loom. Old architecture resting on
text: broken sidewalks.
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. STUDENT CENTER - DAY 14
text: Jay eats fast food alone at a table. She watches other
text: students pass through the large modern corridor.
text: Jay chews and looks down at her drink. A paper cup. A
text: plastic lid. A straw.
text: The chatter mixes together into a blur of voices.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET - DAY 15
text: A LITTLE GIRL on a distant porch covers her eyes and counts to
text: 10. Her friends run and scatter behind bushes and garbage
dialog: cans.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: 7...8...9...10... here I come!
text: A bunch of LITTLE KIDS are playing FREEZE TAG on a distant
text: front lawn. They scream and laugh as they run from each other.
text: Once tagged, they stand frozen, until someone else crawls
text: under their legs and frees them.
text: Jay walks with Kelly down the sidewalk, drinking Slurpees -
text: They pass by the children's game in progress.
text: Kelly pulls out a pack of cigarettes and lights one. She
text: takes a drag.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Thanks for walking with me.
text: The two girls step leisurely down the block.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Mom knows you smoke.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yeah, but she'll cry if she actually
text: sees it happening.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Or she'll steal your cigarettes.
text: Kelly shakes her head.
text: Jay takes a sip from her drink. She looks out at the green
text: lawns and clean suburban stretch ahead of her.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: How's it going with Hugh?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 15.
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Good. Mostly. He was acting kind of
dialog: weird last night.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I don't know. He said he wasn't
dialog: feeling good, but it seemed like
dialog: something was on his mind.
text: Kelly exhales - stepping down the street.
text: Jay looks at
dialog: Kelly starts
dialog: An old woman
dialog: animal as it
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Have you... um...?
dialog: her sister.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No. I know he wants to... but last
dialog: night... he seemed different.
text: to laugh at her sister.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (teasing dryly)
dialog: Maybe he's a virgin?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: He's not. I mean, I don't know for a
dialog: fact, but... no.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: So what's the problem?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I don't know.
text: approaches, walking her dog. The girls pet the
dialog: passes.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (looking at her dog)
dialog: She loves the attention.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
text: The woman walks on and the girls resume their journey home.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You're still... ?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 15
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Me?
text: Jay nods.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You haven't... ?
text: Kelly looks at Jay - then finally understands what she's
dialog: getting at.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I haven't slept with anybody. Not for
dialog: any real big reason or anything. I
dialog: will... eventually. Maybe soon. Any
dialog: minute now.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Whenever.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What about Paul?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Ehhh. We kissed once and it didn't
dialog: feel right. He's more like a
dialog: brother... although he's kind of in
dialog: love with you. So I don't know what
dialog: that means.
text: Jay smiles and thinks about it for a moment.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It'd be like fucking my step-brother.
text: Kelly starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Gross.
text: The two sisters smile and share a laugh.
text: They pass before a modest house with a pristine lawn. A
text: fighting couple - possibly a girl mid-tantrum - can be heard
text: inside. We see Jay's POV as she stares at the brick ranch
text: home, passing it slowly. She shakes it off and continues down
text: the suburban block. The yelling fades.
text: Kelly takes a final drag, then tosses her cigarette into the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 15
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Do I smell bad?
text: Jay leans over and smells her younger sister.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You smell like cherry coke, banana
dialog: nicotine.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That's my favorite flavor.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Mom's gonna love it.
text: Kelly slurps her drink - making a funny sound through the
text: straw. Jay smiles - walking through her sunny neighborhood -
text: looking around at the street she grew up on.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's weird still being here. It’s
dialog: like... everybody else went away to
dialog: school, but me.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Dad said he'd pay for you to go away.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'm not sure I even want to. It's all
dialog: kind of useless isn't it? I mean,
dialog: degrees don't get people jobs. At
dialog: least not good ones. Look at mom.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Then why are you even taking classes,
dialog: dumb-ass?
text: Nearing their own house, Jay notices a very HANDSOME young man
text: washing his car in a driveway across the street. GREG
text: HANNIGAN, 21, sees them. He waves casually - without a smile.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: She won't let me stay here if I don't.
text: Kelly waves back. Jay simply nods to him - walking along -
dialog: avoiding too much eye contact.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: When I graduate, I'm getting the hell
dialog: outta here. I wanna go to college
dialog: somewhere that doesn't have shitty
dialog: weather.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ok. I'll visit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 15
text: Greg resumes his car washing, watching Jay as she nears her
text: front porch. He seems very focused on the young woman.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 16
text: Hugh holds Jay's hand, leading her down a dark path into the
text: woods. A six pack dangles from his thumb. Still visible, the
text: car headlights shine through the trees. Moonlight casts a
text: soft glow over the area.
text: Hugh carries a small bag over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Where are you leading me?
text: Hugh turns and shushes her nicely - a finger to his lips.
text: Jay smiles and keeps walking, sticking close to her date.
text: They move deeper and deeper into the dark and foreboding
dialog: forest.
text: A bird calls from a craggy and deadened tree. Jay peers into
text: the dark as something scampers by.
text: Hugh looks around as he walks - always turning and watching.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS AND LAKE - NIGHT 17
text: Towels hang from an old log near a small lake - black and calm
text: in the night - surrounded by trees.
text: Hugh kicks off his boxers and wades into the water, gulping
text: his beer. He smiles looking back at Jay. She steps to the
text: edge of the lake, happy and excited, though shyly covering her
text: chest as she takes off her clothes.
text: Jay grabs her beer from the mud and walks into the water,
text: joining Hugh. She laughs as she steps deeper.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: The bottom feels gross.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: It's better over here.
text: Jay reaches Hugh and he pulls her closer, kissing her.
text: Hugh watches the woods, while making out with the girl. His
text: eyes are focused.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Maybe we shouldn't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I want to.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Me too, I just...
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You like me?
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: I do.
text: Jay kisses him harder, pressing closer - it's getting heavy.
text: Hugh pulls back and looks around, watching the trees and the
dialog: clearing.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What? Nobody's here.
text: Hugh nods. She's right, but he keeps scanning the woods.
text: Peeking around. Jay watches him - puzzled and ready - she
text: raises her brow.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Let's go to the car.
dialog: More kissing.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Hugh nods as he rubs his hands over Jay's back. She moves
text: with him - their energy and tension increasing.
scene_heading: INT. '67 FORD GALAXY - NIGHT 18
text: Jay has a bead of sweat along her forehead. She holds her
text: arms tightly around Hugh in the back seat of the car.
text: Jay breathes heavily, her body pulsing from very recent semi-
text: aerobic activity. Their clothes sit in a pile along the floor
text: of the car.
text: A tiny smile crosses her face as she sits resting on Hugh's
text: lap. They breath in unison. Rising and falling together.
text: Jay grins as she kisses Hugh's ear.
text: Hugh looks ahead with cold and frightened eyes. Something is
text: on his mind. Something isn't right. He hides his face
text: amongst Jay's post-coital affection.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: EXT. DARK LOT - NIGHT 19
text: The old Ford sits at the back of a dark, dirt lot. Woods and
text: an old factory surround the car. We watch from a distance as
text: faint silhouettes move within the vehicle.
text: One of the back doors opens and Hugh climbs out, pulling up
text: his boxers. He walks around the car and opens the trunk.
text: Partially obscured, we wait as he attends to something at the
text: back of the car.
text: The clinking of bottles and junk. The sound of a beer can
dialog: opening.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's funny, I used to daydream about
dialog: being old enough to go on dates and
dialog: drive around with friends in their
dialog: cars.
text: Some viewers might notice the absence of a license plate.
scene_heading: INT. '67 FORD GALAXY - NIGHT 20
text: Jay lays across the length of the back seat, resting on her
text: stomach. She kicks her heels up playfully as she pokes her
text: head out the open door.
text: We hear the trunk close. The sound of footsteps.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I had this image of myself holding
dialog: hands with a really cute guy,
text: listening to music on the radio and
dialog: driving along a pretty road... maybe
dialog: somewhere up north... after the trees
text: started to change color.
text: Opening the opposite rear door, Hugh crawls inside the car,
text: laying across Jay. He kisses the back of her neck. Caresses
text: the side of her bare waist.
text: Jay grins as Hugh kisses her. She rests her cheek on the
text: leather seat. Deep and slow breaths.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It was never about going anywhere...
dialog: just having some kind of freedom I
dialog: guess. Now we're old enough, but where
dialog: the hell do we go right?
dialog: Then with force and quickness -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
text: Hugh pushes a small cloth over Jay's mouth. She tries to move
text: away, but he holds her head down until her eyes close. She
text: stops struggling.
text: Jay rests quietly again - a cheek on the leather seat. A half
text: open mouth. A drop of drool. A long and deep breath.
dialog: Darkness.
text: The sound of wood being dragged across a concrete floor.
text: A metal door closes.
text: Footsteps. Breathing.
text: Jay slowly opens her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED FACTORY - NIGHT 21
text: Jay looks around the old factory floor. A giant open space
text: lit dimly by moonlight and distant street-lamps. Several
text: stories up, treetops line the windows.
text: Hugh walks along the far edge of the space, waving a
text: flashlight out windows and down long running hallways.
text: Jay half-focuses her eyes. She takes a few deep breaths.
text: The girl is drowsy - still under the chemical spell of an
dialog: inhaled narcotic.
text: Looking down, Jay sees her arms and legs tied tightly to a
text: wheelchair. She squirms and pulls but she can't move. Her
text: body isn't fully responsive.
text: Hugh looks back from across the warehouse floor.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Jay? Are you awake?
text: Jay stares across the darkness at Hugh as he slowly walks
text: over. She tugs lightly against the rope and cloth bonds. Her
text: eyes sag within their sockets.
text: Hugh stops in front of her. He leans down and looks at her
text: face. He looks frightened. His eyes are watery. His face is
text: red - like he's been crying.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Jay tries to talk. Drool edges out the crease of her mouth.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Whuuuttt aarrhhh youuhhh doingggggg?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: I'm not gonna hurt you. Don't worry.
text: Jay stares at him with deep fear.
text: Hugh turns and shines his flashlight into the darkness. He
text: scans the room. Jay watches.
text: She opens her mouth as if to yell, but it's nothing but a
text: hollow gasp - a mimic of a dry heave.
text: Hugh shushes her with a gesture and continues waving the beam
text: of light around the warehouse.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: You won't believe me, but I need you
dialog: to remember what I'm saying.
text: Jay stares in fright.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: OK?
text: Jay nods her head - ok.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: This thing...
text: Hugh looks around the room slowly.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: ..-It's gonna follow you.
text: Jay eyes Hugh with growing concern. This is getting worse.
text: Hugh points his light towards a distant doorway. It's empty.
text: Jay pulls against her ties - trying to get free.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (with a gasp)
dialog: Hellllppppppp.
text: Hugh turns and looks at Jay's pretty face.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Somebody gave it to me. I passed it
dialog: to you... back in the car.
text: Jay's eyes widen - terrified.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: It can look like people you know... or
dialog: it can be a stranger in a crowd...
dialog: whatever helps it get close to you.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 21
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 21
speaker_heading: HUGH (cont'd)
dialog: Sometimes I think it looks like people
dialog: you love just to hurt you... scare
dialog: you... make fun of you.
text: Hugh stands up and rushes to a nearby window. He aims his
text: light outside towards the ground.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: I see it.
text: Jay cranes her neck up trying to look out the far-off window.
text: She sees nothing.
text: Hugh runs over and wheels Jay's chair towards the window. Jay
text: looks out and down towards the adjacent field. It's dark, but
text: she catches a glimpse of a middle-aged, naked woman slowly
text: walking around the corner of the building.
text: Jay's eyes show fear and shock.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Whhhoooo isss??
text: Hugh wheels Jay back to the center of the room.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: You can get rid of it. Sleep with
dialog: someone else as soon as you can. Just
dialog: pass it on. If it gets you, it'll come
dialog: after me... you understand?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No.
text: Jay starts to cry.
text: Hugh shushes her.
text: The room is quiet.
text: Hugh looks around - listening.
text: They wait - longer still.
text: We see Jay's eyes in close-up as she watches. We see her
text: point-of-view: empty halls and dark doorways.
dialog: Nothing still.
dialog: Then...
text: There's a shuffling sound from a distant hallway. Hugh points
text: his light into the darkness.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 21
text: Jay cries in silence, looking towards the beam of light at the
text: far end of the warehouse.
dialog: Finally...
text: A naked middle-aged woman emerges from the very distant
text: shadows - slowly walking.
text: Jay watches - puzzled and scared.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Whooo isszzz atttehh?
text: The naked woman, still far away, creeps along staring at Jay.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Whudddda fucckk d'youu wannnttt???
text: The woman contorts the muscles in her mouth - oddly -
text: revealing teeth and tongue. She continues walking forward.
text: Jay cringes and looks to Hugh.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Jay, I'm doing this to help you... so
dialog: you know it's real.
text: Hugh points his flashlight at the woman as he circles closer
dialog: to her.
text: Hugh stands along the edge of the woman's path, waving
text: slightly in her direction. She doesn't look at him - only at
dialog: Jay.
text: Jay shakes in her chair, pulling at her restraints. She
text: stares up at the naked woman - still over 50 feet away.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ehhhhh. Noooo...
text: The middle-aged woman opens her mouth again, straining the
text: muscles in her throat.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Huuughhhhh!
text: Another step closer. And another.
text: Hugh runs across the room and spins the wheelchair around. He
text: pushes Jay down the darkened hall as the nude woman follows
dialog: behind.
text: Jay stares ahead in shock - passing rotting walls and rusted
dialog: industrial equipment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 21
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Never go anywhere that doesn't have
dialog: more than one way out. It's very
dialog: slow, but it's not dumb.
text: Jay looks down at her bare legs and the passing floor. Her
text: eyes are heavy.
scene_heading: EXT. DARK LOT - NIGHT 22
text: Tires kick up dirt.
text: From a distance, we watch as the old Ford swerves around the
text: corner and drives off down the road - racing away from the
text: abandoned building.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S HOUSE - NIGHT 23
text: Kelly sits on the stoop of her front porch with her
text: neighborhood friends. They're playing 'Old Maid'. Paul pours
text: liquor from his flask into a Coke can. Yara reads from her
text: pink-shell-compact cell phone while sorting her hand of cards.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Can I have some?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah.
text: Paul hands Kelly the can of pop. She takes a sip and cringes
dialog: from the taste. Gross.
text: Kelly shakes off the sting of cheap booze and examines her
text: cards. She holds the old maid card - unfortunately.
text: She tries to maintain her poker face while looking back at
dialog: Paul.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: (veading from her cell
dialog: phone)
dialog: Listen to this... “I think that if one
dialog: is faced by inevitable destruction --
dialog: if a house is falling upon you, for
dialog: instance -- one must feel a great
text: longing to sit down, close one's eyes
dialog: and wait, come what may...”
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That's why we're drinking on the
dialog: porch.
text: Paul grins and looks over at Kelly. Yara mutters a fake laugh.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Your mom asleep already?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Almost for sure. Yeah. She wakes up
dialog: at 5:15. I think that would kill me.
text: We push in slowly towards Kelly's hand of cards - centered on
text: the Old Maid - an ugly caricature of a spinster.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah that's rough.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: I never wanna have a job.
text: Yara's eyes dart excitedly over her cell phone screen. She
text: smiles and nods to herself - enjoying some undisclosed prose.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I wish I didn't.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You love serving hot dogs and ice
dialog: cream to weird old people and crying
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Ok. That's true. It brings me joy.
text: Yara rolls her eyes at Kelly's goofiness.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Where's Jay at?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Oh. On a date
text: This bit of information seems to sting Paul. He covers it as
text: much as possible. Kelly looks to him, holding up her hand of
dialog: cards.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Your turn.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Somebody new.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 23
text: Kelly gives Paul a dirty look as he grabs a card - the old
text: maid remains in her hand.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Your sister is so pretty. It's
dialog: annoying.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: It is annoying.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: At least she's nice.
text: Yara gives Paul a dirty look. He smirks back and she kicks
text: him in the leg.
text: The old Ford Galaxy races up the street and stops in front of
text: the house. Kelly and her friends turn and watch as Hugh runs
text: out and opens the back door on the far side of the car. The
text: engine is still running.
text: Kelly and her friends watch as Hugh pulls something from the
text: backseat. Kelly begins to stand.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Is everything ok?!
text: Hugh closes the rear door, stepping over something as he runs
text: back toward the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: (pointing back at the
dialog: ground)
dialog: Don't let it touch you!
text: Slamming his door shut, Hugh drives off, revealing Jay in the
text: middle of the road. Still tied and bound in her underwear, she
text: crawls toward the curb - trying to walk.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay!
text: Kelly drops her cards and jumps from the porch - confused.
text: Jay tries to stand up and move closer to the outer sidewalk -
text: she fails - falling in the grass.
text: Kelly rushes across the front lawn toward her sister. Paul
text: and Yara follow behind.
scene_heading: INT. HANNIGAN'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 24
text: GREG, Jay's handsome neighbor, pulls a beer from the fridge
text: and rounds the hallway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 24
text: Wearing sweat pants and a ragged t-shirt, he takes a sip as he
text: approaches the front door. His hair is a mess - styled by
dialog: pillow.
text: His mother, MRS. HANNIGAN, peeks through the screen door -
text: flashing police lights shine through the front curtains of her
text: home. Greg joins her, looking out at the street scene: a
text: series of police cars, an ambulance and an assortment of
dialog: people.
text: Jay sits on her porch, covered in a blanket, surrounded by
text: emergency workers. Her mother, in a robe, talks with a police
text: officer near the garage.
text: The other kids mill about the property as neighbors peek and
text: pass by. There's a mist in the night air, covering the
text: suburban lawn.
text: Greg and his mother watch. The young man sips his beer.
text: Through the screen, Greg sees Jay talking with the cops.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MRS. HANNIGAN
dialog: I don't know.
text: Greg watches the scene - the glare of ambulance lights. His
text: face shows concern.
speaker_heading: MRS. HANNIGAN
dialog: Those people are such a mess.
text: Greg stares ahead - ignoring his mother.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 25
text: Jay is mid-conversation with a police officer. She sits,
text: covered in her blanket, looking across at the man.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: It was consentual?
text: Jay nods her head.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jay looks back at the policeman - her eyes are tired and sad.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: And you'd never seen the woman before?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No.
text: Jay shakes her head and touches her legs - focusing on her
text: fingers stretched across her bare knees - losing herself in
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Ok. Have you ever been to his home?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Not inside, but I know where it is. I
text: waited in the car for him once. He
dialog: didn't want me to come in. He said he
dialog: was embarrassed about where he lived.
text: The cop nods as he writes in his notebook.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT 26
text: Jay is in an emergency room partition.
text: A doctor examines her - performing a test for STDs.
text: Jay lays there - sad and still. Her breathing is loud and deep
text: - each inhalation shown in labored slow-motion. Pronounced
text: anxiety through Jay's eyes.
text: The camera begins to shake as it pushes towards the bed. A
text: hollow rumble fills the soundscape...
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S DINING ROOM - MORNING 27
text: Mrs. Hannigan drinks coffee at the table across from Jay's
text: mom. Mrs. Height takes her time pouring some sugar into her
text: own coffee. She mixes in some Irish liquor and takes a sip.
text: There's a long sigh after the drink.
speaker_heading: MRS. HANNIGAN
dialog: She didn't catch anything did she?
speaker_heading: MRS HEIGHT
dialog: They don't think so.
speaker_heading: MRS. HANNIGAN
dialog: Poor Jaime.
speaker_heading: MRS. HEIGHT
dialog: Apparently he used a fake name to rent
text: a house in the city. The police
dialog: searched the place, but they can't
dialog: find him.
speaker_heading: MRS. HANNIGAN
dialog: My god.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 27
speaker_heading: MRS HEIGHT
dialog: It breaks my heart. The things he
text: said to her. So weird and sick.
text: Mrs. Hannigan shakes her head in sadness as she drinks more
text: coffee - looking around the room at the wall of family photos:
text: Jay and Kelly smile brightly in front of wooded backdrops in
dialog: childhood portraits.
text: In one faded picture, young Jay smiles awkwardly, leaning on
text: her grandfather's shoulder - peaking at camera. The old red-
text: haired man grins alongside Jay's mother and father.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S HOUSE - MORNING 28
text: The storm door is open. The wind rustles the trees.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S SUBURBAN STREET - MORNING 29
text: The neighborhood is quiet and mostly empty. Birds chirp. A
text: car passes near the main road.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - MORNING 30
text: Beyond the trees of the middle-class suburban neighborhood,
text: the concrete towers of a nuclear power plant are visible in
dialog: the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN PARK - MORNING 31
text: A few kids laugh and play near a jungle-gym. A small boy sits
text: on the swings.
scene_heading: EXT. ICE CREAM STAND - MORNING 32
text: The ice cream stand appears empty.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED FACTORY - MORNING 33
text: A police car is parked in the dirt lot. The abandoned
text: building sits within the quiet field. Two police officers
text: walk calmly along the grounds. One examines the discarded
text: wheel chair lying sideways in the grass.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S HOUSE - DUSK 34
text: The sky is a dark purple. The house is closed up and quiet.
text: The trees sway.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S BEDROOM - DUSK 35
text: Jay rests in her bed. The wind blows steadily against the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 35
text: A glass of juice and a plate of untouched food sit on her side
text: table - a pickle, Doritos and a white bread, crust-cut
text: sandwich. There's a pill in the center of the napkin.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S BATHROOM - MORNING 36
text: Jay stares at her body in the mirror - looking down as she
text: lifts the top edge of her underwear. She inspects herself.
dialog: Did I catch something?
text: Shallow breathing - from fear. Examining under the bright
text: light.
text: A terrible rumbling begins. The bass and reverberations fill
text: the room... Jay looks down.
text: Dirty clothes hang from chairs and shower bars.
text: The sun shines through the bathroom window. A large patch of
text: negative space sits between Jay and the glass.
dialog: Is something outside?
text: The open bathroom door looks into the bedroom. Mirrors
text: suggest empty space and shadows - things out of view.
text: We wait for something to emerge.
dialog: Smash!!!
text: Jay jumps from fear as a ball thumps against the bathroom
dialog: window.
text: Taking a moment, she walks slowly towards the window.
text: Jay peeks outside and sees a ball sitting in the grass below.
text: No one is visible outside.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 37
text: We see a reverse shot of the neighbor boy hiding beneath the
text: window sill. He peeks back inside - covertly staring at Jay as
text: she walks to the sink and drinks straight from the faucet.
text: She's stooped and shaken, lapping at the water.
text: The rumbling resumes - growing and doubling - feeding back on
dialog: itself.
scene_heading: EXT. WAYNE STATE UNIVERSITY CAMPUS - MORNING 38
text: Jay walks along the main path with her backpack - staring at
text: the edges for something unknown.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 38
text: Her POV tracking forward - a half-barren campus.
text: Jay steps ahead. Nervous and cautious.
text: The old buildings cast shadows overhead. A homeless man lays
text: quietly on the ground - peeking at the pretty girl.
text: Jay sees a woman walking towards her on the path. Slow -
text: possibly handicapped or a survivor of a stroke.
text: Jay watches her out of the corner of her eye - the female
text: student passes.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE CLASSROOM - MORNING 39
text: A man lectures at the front of the class. Chalk marks fill
text: the board, along with the printed notation of "Fall Semester
dialog: Sociology".
text: 20 or so young adults sit throughout the room at desks and
text: chairs - shorts and t-shirts fail to fend off the humidity.
text: Jay writes notes by pencil at the far edge of the classroom.
text: The large windows to her right show the adjacent square.
text: Jay bites on the edge of her pencil as she stares out at the
text: campus. The heat is visible.
text: Sweat forms on her skin. She fans herself with a book.
text: Greg sits on the opposite side of the classroom - near the
text: back. He glances over at Jay - watching her with concern and
dialog: curiosity.
text: Students walk lazily along the pathways near the square. Jay
text: watches them walk. The teacher's voice fades from her ears.
text: A few people relax on blankets in the grass - sharing food and
dialog: talking.
text: Jay sees an OLD WOMAN IN PAJAMAS walking very slowly -
text: emerging from behind a row of trees. She focuses on the woman
text: as she hobbles along.
text: The old lady steps directly across the blankets of studying
text: students, passing between couples without notice. She stares
text: with her mouth open, looking directly at Jay.
text: Jay takes a breath and watches with frightened eyes.
text: The old woman walks closer and closer to the building, moving
text: past some shrubs - approaching the windows.
text: Jay tenses up. She stands awkwardly, grabs her bag and walks
text: out of the classroom.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Uh, Jay, are you...?
text: Jay closes the door without a word. Greg looks out to the
text: hallway with concern.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: OK. Well...
scene_heading: INT. MAIN COLLEGE HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 40
text: The heavy door opens a crack. Jay peeks out - just an eye.
text: She sees a few college students chatting together near the end
text: of the hall. An administrator pushes an AV cart out of a
text: nearby classroom.
text: Jay opens the door the rest of the way and steps into the
text: hall. She looks around as she makes her way down the long
dialog: passage.
text: She eyes classes in session.
text: Jay runs her hand along the wall. A few more steps onward.
text: Far off - at the opposite end of the hall - Jay sees the old
text: woman walk very slowly into view.
text: Jay swallows hard as her breathing quickens. She watches with
text: curiosity and fear as the old woman stares ahead and moves
dialog: closer.
text: Jay stops and waits.
text: The CHATTING STUDENTS, a few girls laughing and gossiping in
text: the middle of the hall, fail to notice as the old woman walks
text: straight through their semi-circle.
text: Jay stares, puzzled over the lack of attention to the old
text: woman in pajamas.
text: Though still far off, the old woman keeps coming closer.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hello?
text: The old woman doesn't respond.
text: One of the chatting girls turns back and looks at Jay - giving
dialog: her a funny look. Do I know you?
speaker_heading: CHATTING GIRL
dialog: Hello?
text: Jay says nothing in reply. She fixates on the old woman.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: 42a
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40
text: The chatting girl shrugs and laughs, turning back to her
dialog: friends.
text: The old woman moves closer with crippled steps - mouth agape.
text: Scared, Jay turns and runs out the nearby exit doors.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S CAR - MORNING 4l
text: Jay drives her tiny economy car through levels of the parking
text: structure. Descending, the camera reveals row after row of
text: cars - students with backpacks - empty spaces - shadows.
text: Jay appears tense and on-guard as she steers.
scene_heading: EXT. DETROIT ZOO - DAY 42
text: Jay walks past the Rackham "Bear" Fountain - kids throw
text: pennies into the copper water. We follow behind her. She
text: appears nervous - keeping her distance from others - scanning
dialog: the crowds.
text: To her right, lions sprawl across the floor of their den.
text: Giraffes step through the Egyptian exhibit as Jay crosses the
text: nearby walkway.
scene_heading: EXT. CONCESSION STAND - DAY 42a
text: Jay walks up to a large concession stand where Kelly and Paul
dialog: are working.
text: In uniform, Kelly serves cups of cola and hotdogs to zoo-
text: goers. Near the counter with supplies in hand, Paul notices
text: Jay, and stops.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I need to talk to my sister.
text: Paul rests the food package against the counter. He sees the
text: look of anxiety on Jay's face.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You ok?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Uh huh.
text: Jay nods but she doesn't convince him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 42A
dialog: 43
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 42R
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We're both taking a break in a few
dialog: minutes. If you want to sit down and
dialog: wait...
text: Kelly works feverishly in the background.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ok.
text: Jay looks around at the passers-by. Her neck and eyes betray
text: her nervous energy and bird-like jitters.
text: Paul pulls his damp uniform away from his chest in an attempt
text: to feel some sort of breeze.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So hot out, isn't it?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jay has sweat on her forehead and arms, but she seems
text: unaffected.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Want some ice cream?
text: Jay looks back at the young man and nods. She really would.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. POLAR BEAR AQUARIUM - DAY 43
text: Sitting in the underwater tunnel, Jay leans against the glass,
text: rubs her temples and holds her face as she tries to relax.
text: Paul and Kelly watch alongside her.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay, what's going on?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: There was an old woman at school
dialog: today. She was staring at me... it
text: seemed like she was following me.
text: Jay stares down the tunnel at a group of strangers. Eyeing
dialog: them carefully.
text: Kelly tries to hide her worried face.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Did you know her?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No, but she freaked me out. I didn't
dialog: even go back to class.
text: A few children in silhouette stare through the glass at the
text: swimming polar bears. They shuffle along in awe.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Did she say something to you?
text: Jay shakes her head. She looks down at the ice cream in her
text: lap. She nibbles on the dessert as her sister and friend watch
text: with quiet concern. They exchange a look between one another.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hugh told me that he passed it onto
dialog: me. That something was gonna follow
dialog: me.
text: The light from the water adds a pulsing shimmer to her face.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That's all bullshit, Jaime.
text: Jay looks up at her sister and stares back with wide eyes.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah, I know.
text: An enormous polar bear swims overhead - a passing shadow.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What exactly is supposed to be
dialog: following you?
text: Kelly glares at Paul - don't encourage this.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You should tell mom what you saw.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Well, Jay, I'm worried about you.
text: Jay focuses on her ice cream. Small delicate bites. Kelly
text: watches her older sister pick at the dessert with a spoon,
text: like a young child - shoulders pointing inward.
text: We see the trio together from outside the tunnel, through the
text: blue icy water.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 43
text: The surface is visible just above, with pristine white glacial
text: walls behind them. Jay's figure appears stretched and
text: distorted through the calm water.
text: For this moment we hear only the pulsing of water within a
text: reverberating tank.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: We gotta get back.
text: Paul nods and Jay begins to rise from her stooped and
dialog: sheltered position.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I could stay over tonight if it would
dialog: make you feel better.
text: Jay and Kelly simultaneously glance in Paul's direction.
speaker_heading: JAY & KELLY
dialog: (together)
dialog: No.
text: Paul shrugs.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Like on the couch or something.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No.
text: Jay considers for a moment.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: Maybe on the couch.
text: Kelly rolls her eyes as Paul grins from a minor victory.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You should be more worried about
text: waking up and finding Paul humping
dialog: your leg.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That's true.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Um...
text: The girls laugh.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm choosing to ignore these insults
dialog: to my character...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 43
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: Just keep your door locked.
text: Jay nods, finishing her ice cream with a small grin.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I will stay up all night and keep an
dialog: eye out for anything weird. Nothing's
dialog: gonna happen. OK?
text: Jay looks up at Paul and her sister - exhaling a light breath.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S BATHROOM - NIGHT 44
text: Yara sits on the toilet in her pajamas clipping her toenails
text: while chewing on a red vine. She appears focused.
text: Jay and Kelly brush their teeth in front of the sink, laughing
text: to each other in the mirror. Kelly wears her old and tattered
text: Amanda B’s Dance Team shirt.
text: With toothpaste filled mouths...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Mom just went to bed.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Did she say anything?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No. She saw Paul on the couch. I
dialog: don't think she cared. She had her
text: bottle of merlot.
text: Jay nods - understanding the subtext. More tooth-brushing...
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I keep thinking that something must be
dialog: wrong with me. Even right now, it
text: feels like I'm ten feet away from
text: myself. The walls seem far away. I
dialog: don't even like looking across the
dialog: room. I feel... overwhelmed.
text: Yara continues clipping, tapping her nail-tool against the rim
text: of a tiny waste basket.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: It's probably anxiety.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Will it go away?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
text: Yara nods - chewing more licorice.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: But it can really fuck with you if you
dialog: let it. So... don't.
text: Jay spits into the sink.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S HOUSE - NIGHT 45
text: The night is quiet. A few lights remain on inside the house.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - NIGHT 46
text: An empty and dark street. No cars pass. Most households are
dialog: asleep.
text: Static shots of dark alleys, sickly oak trees, backyards
text: illuminated by security lights.
text: Rusted chain link fences.
text: A dirty above-ground pool. Water sloshes gently through an
text: intermittent filter.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 47
text: On the television, a monster roars and a woman screams.
text: Paul sits on the couch watching a black and white horror film.
text: Blankets and pillows cover the couch. He eats popcorn and
text: candy in the dim room.
text: There's tinny gunfire from the television. Alien sounds
text: reverberate.
text: Paul tosses some more popcorn in his mouth as the on-screen
text: hero embraces the damsel in distress.
text: The woman on the tv cries and kisses the hero. Paul slumps
text: into his pillow with a sigh.
scene_heading: INT. KELLY'S ROOM - NIGHT 48
text: Kelly sleeps soundly in her bed. Yara is awake in her sleeping
text: bag, reading Dostoyevsky via cell phone.
text: The monster movie can be heard faintly.
text: Through Kelly's window, we see the outer yard. It's mostly
text: dark and very still. We hold on the window - moving closer to
dialog: it - watching - waiting...
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. HEIGHT'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 49
text: Jay's mom is asleep on her bed. She's sprawled across the
text: crumpled comforter in her night robe.
text: A bottle of wine and empty glass sit on the dresser.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S ROOM - NIGHT 50
text: Changing into bedtime clothes, Jay glances out her window.
text: Across the alley, she sees the 11 year old neighbor boy spying
text: on her from his bedroom window.
text: Jay jumps out of surprise. She covers herself and pulls the
text: blinds down as the neighbor boy hides behind his own curtains.
text: Bothered and momentarily frightened, Jay sits on the floor
text: next to the window, listening to the television echo from the
dialog: hallway.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 51
text: We follow behind Jay as she carries her blanket and pillow
text: down the hallway into the living room.
text: Still awake and watching a midnight movie, Paul sits up and
text: fixes his hair as the pretty girl plops down on the smaller
text: love-seat across from him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I can't sleep - not in there.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's ok. Sleep here.
text: Jay smiles and pulls the covers over herself.
text: They sit together - quiet - watching the television.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You really ok?
text: Jay pauses - then looks at Paul. She shrugs her shoulders.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Everything's gonna be cool.
text: Jay nods her head. On the television, several soldiers lure a
text: giant monster into an electrical trap.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's funny, I haven't spent the night
dialog: over here since we were kids.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: There's a reason for that.
text: The pair crack smiles.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Shut up. I'm serious. It's cool to
dialog: spend time with you.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We used to hang out all the time.
dialog: Remember?
text: Jay nods. *
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: At some point, it must've been weird
dialog: for you having a guy friend that was
dialog: younger than you.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I don't know. I think we just grew
dialog: apart, right? Or you and Kelly got
dialog: close. It's not a big deal, is it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No. Not a big deal. *
text: On the tv, a soldier flips a switch and sends a giant arc of *
text: electricity into the towering monster. *
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You were my first kiss, you know.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Was I not yours?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No. You were. *
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And you kissed Kelly. She told me.
dialog: You kissed two sisters... that's kind
dialog: of gross.
text: Paul grins. *
text: The monster in the movie shrinks and disappears under the *
dialog: electrical charge. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: (2) 51
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Do you remember that time we found all
text: the porno magazines in the alley by
dialog: Barry's Pizza?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yes.
text: Jay shakes her head with a smile - silly memories. *
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We were such stupid kids.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ridiculous. *
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: We're all sitting on Greg's front lawn
text: with a dozen dirty magazines sprawled
dialog: everywhere and we're laughing...
text: Jay chuckles at the memory.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We had no idea how terrible it was.
text: Paul starts to laugh. *
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: And Greg's mom?! Remember her face
dialog: when she came outside and saw us all
dialog: sitting around reading that shit?
text: Jay laughs along with Paul. *
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: She scooped them up so fast. Called
dialog: my mom too. Me and Kelly got a sex ed
dialog: lecture the next day.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I got one too. *
text: Jay and Paul smile to each other from across the room. *
text: They hear the sound of glass breaking.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What the fuck?
text: Paul stares at Jay - worried.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Go look.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 51
text: Paul hesitates. He jumps up and steps to the edge of the room
dialog: - trying to determine where it came from.
text: Jay watches, scared, behind the covers on the love-seat.
text: Paul turns the corner, exiting the living room.
text: Jay waits.
text: Heroic and celebratory music pours from the tv as the credits
dialog: roll.
text: Jay scans the room - the windows.
text: A moment later, Paul returns. He stands at the corner of the
text: large room.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: There's a broken window in the
text: kitchen, but nobody's there.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Are you sure? You looked around?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes.
text: Jay doesn't appear comforted.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Whoever broke it ran away.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We should call the police.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm gonna wake up your sister. She
dialog: should probably call.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: OK.
text: Paul steps out of view - heading for Kelly's room.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: I'm surprised they slept through that.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (speaking to no one)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jay sits alone on the couch. She pulls the blanket from her
text: legs - adjusting on the small couch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 51
dialog: Silence.
text: Jay stands up and walks slowly towards the edge of the room.
text: She rounds the corner - stepping closer and closer to the
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 52
text: Jay hesitantly peeks inside the kitchen doorway.
text: A HALF-NAKED YOUNG WOMAN, with a slight resemblance to Jay,
text: walks very slowly towards her. Small steps.
text: She's missing her two front teeth, while urinating through her
text: brown suede skirt.
text: Dark circles around her eyes. A tube sock on one foot. The
text: other bare. Immodest and vulgar.
text: Jay chokes on a scream and backs away.
text: She knocks over some household nick-knacks as she crosses the
dialog: dining room.
text: Rushing towards the stairwell - Jay runs up to the home's
text: second floor. A mad dash.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S UPSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS 53
text: Jay reaches the top landing and races towards the large rec
text: room. Inside, she slams the door shut, locks it and backs up
text: towards the far wall.
text: She breathes and listens.
text: Footsteps.
text: A knock on the door.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (behind door)
dialog: Jay?
text: Jay doesn't say a word. She sits still. Waiting.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (behind door)
dialog: Jay, can you open the door?
text: Jay shakes her head.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (behind door)
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: JAY
text: It's in the house.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (behind door)
dialog: There's nothing in the house, Jay.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I saw it.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (behind door)
dialog: Just open the door, OK?
text: Jay watches as the door-knob rattles - then stops.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: It's in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (behind door)
dialog: I'm not gonna let anything happen to
dialog: you. Open the door and we'll figure
dialog: it out.
text: Jay doesn't move.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (behind door)
dialog: There's nothing here.
text: Jay gets up and slowly walks to the door. She reaches for the
text: handle and turns it.
text: Peeking out, she sees Paul and Kelly standing alone.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Get in here.
text: Jay waves them into the room. Once inside, she closes and re-
text: locks the door.
text: Kelly stands with arms crossed, while Paul sits on the edge of
text: a chair.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay, why don't you sit down?
text: Jay paces and looks from the door to the second-story window.
text: She crumbles down onto the floor.
text: Kelly and Paul are silent.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 53
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I need water. Oh my god I need some
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'll get you some.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No. Stay here.
text: Jay shivers and holds herself.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Is something wrong with me?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Somebody broke the window. That
dialog: really happened.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah, but I saw a girl in the kitchen.
text: Jay pushes herself against the wall - almost in shock. Kelly
text: comes over and rubs her shoulder.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I love you. You're ok. It's gonna be
dialog: alright.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You don't believe me.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Not all of it... no. But some of it.
text: There's a tapping sound at the door. All three kids turn and
text: stare. The doorknob shakes a bit. Almost turns - but stops.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Mom?
text: Knock. Knock. Knock. Three soft taps on the door.
text: Jay crawls across the floor towards the window, shushing her
text: sister with a panicked gesture.
text: Worried, Paul picks up a broom from the corner of the room and
text: stands near the door - wooden stick raised.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Mom, is that you?
text: Jay shakes her head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 53
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: (behind door)
dialog: No. It's me.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yara?
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Yup.
text: Kelly stands and approaches the door. She unlocks it, grabs
text: the doorknob and turns...
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Don't open the door.
text: Kelly opens the door revealing...
text: Yara, sleepy-eyed and bored, stands in the doorway, holding
text: her glasses. She rubs the sleep from her eyes, while chewing
text: on a red vine dangling from her mouth.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: See? Everything's ok.
dialog: Suddenly -
text: A VERY LARGE MAN peeks out from behind Yara's shoulder -
text: bending his head down into the door frame like some kind of
text: giant. He stares at Jay.
text: Jay screams as the large man follows Yara into the room -
text: remaining just inches behind the petite young woman.
text: Paul looks at Jay - confused. No one but Jay sees the long-
text: limbed giant moving closer.
text: Jay rushes to the back window, opens it, pushes out the screen
text: and crawls through.
text: Kelly, Paul and Yara run towards her, trying to hold her arms.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay, be careful!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey, wait!
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S ROOF - CONTINUOUS 54
text: Jay pulls her arm away and steps onto the edge of the roof.
text: She stands, looking down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 54
text: The large man walks very slowly towards her, visible through
text: the frame of the window - over Paul, Yara and Kelly's
dialog: shoulders.
text: Jay turns and steps along the edge of the roof towards the
text: side of the house.
text: Kelly looks out the window as Jay moves from view.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay! What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to Kelly)
dialog: I'll get her.
text: Paul runs into the hallway - disappearing down the stairwell.
text: Jay lowers herself to the fence and hops into the alleyway.
text: A boy's bicycle leans against the neighbor's house. Jay grabs
text: it, jumps on and rides off into the street.
scene_heading: INT. GREG'S GARAGE - CONTINUOUS 55
text: Greg sits with a pretty girl in his open garage, smoking a
text: joint. They're flirting - his hand on her leg.
text: Greg notices Jay pedaling the kid's bike into the street. He
text: watches, puzzled, as she rides off. Paul emerges from the
text: front door.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - NIGHT 56
text: Jay rides the bike into the middle of the park. She stops in
text: an open area near the swings and an old spider-web jungle gym.
text: Rusted cartoon faces hover over the play area on the tops of
text: the gym's posts.
text: The chains of the swings rattle in the wind.
text: Jay steps off the bike and lays it down on the sandy ground.
text: She looks around at the open park. Large elm trees and dirt
text: paths spread out around the grassy patches of the block.
text: Jay watches for movement. It's quiet and still.
text: She walks across the lot towards the swings and sits down -
text: nearly in shock - trying to calm herself - looking for
text: something grounded and real.
text: She starts to swing - very lightly. A young woman in pajamas -
text: alone in the night.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 56
text: Her feet slide across the sand and she holds them higher.
text: Jay watches the park. Swinging.
text: Forward. Back. A dog barks in the distance. Crickets chirp.
text: The dog stops barking. It's quiet again.
text: The swing creaks quietly - the sound echoes across the trees.
text: Jay sees a figure approaching through the trees - partially
text: hidden by the darkness.
text: She stops the swing and watches - afraid - ready to run.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Jay!
text: Kelly, Paul and Yara emerge from the darkness of the park.
text: Meeting in the open lot, Kelly runs up to Jay.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You could've hurt yourself! What are
dialog: you doing?
text: The sisters hug. Amid their embrace, they whisper...
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I'm really scared, Kel.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Me too, but we'll figure it out.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: You can't tell mom. She'll freak out
dialog: and she won't believe me.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I know. It's ok.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: What were you running away from?
text: Jay sees something. A silhouette moves through the street. All
text: eyes turn towards the approaching shape.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Do you see that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: (2) 56
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: It's... a person.
text: Stepping into the light from nearby street lamps - Greg
text: emerges from the darkness.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Greg?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: What the hell's going on?
text: Jay struggles to find a response.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Are you ok?
text: Jay nods. Paul glares at Greg - unnoticed.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Somebody broke into their house.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Shit. Did you call the police?
text: Jay shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I don't want to go home.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Where do you wanna go?
text: Jay exhales - looking up at Kelly.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I need to find him.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: The person who broke into your house?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Hugh?
text: Jay nods. It's a small and meek response from a normally
text: strong young woman.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: What did he really do to you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 56
text: Jay shakes her head and shrugs, looking down at the ground -
text: rubbing her eyes with her hand.
text: Kelly offers Greg a look - let Jay be.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Ok.
text: The gang stands around in silence - amidst the quiet park.
text: Greg turns and starts to walk away. Jay notices him walking
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Are you leaving?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: No, I'm getting my car. Somebody's
dialog: gotta drive, right?
text: Greg jogs off. Kelly and Jay sit down on the edge of the
text: merry-go-round looking out at the shadowy park. The sky has
text: nearly achieved its pre-dawn blue.
scene_heading: INT. GREG'S CAR - DAWN 57
text: Jay sits in the passenger seat while Greg drives. Paul, Yara
text: and Kelly sit in the back. Yara snacks on a large donut, while
text: reading from her phone. Chocolate on her fingers.
text: The car drives into the inner city. The neighborhoods become
text: poorer - more decayed and urban.
text: Jay sees a pair of middle-aged women walking carts down the
text: street. A third and older woman trails behind them. Jay
text: notices her watching their car as they pass. The sound of
text: Greg's engine grows louder - feeding back on itself
text: unnaturally.
text: Further on, Jay sees a homeless man standing behind a
text: telephone pole on the side of the road. The man is perfectly
text: divided by, and almost hiding behind the pole.
text: They pass him and continue on.
scene_heading: EXT. HUGH'S DETROIT HOME - DAWN 58
text: Greg's car pulls up and stops in front of an old inner-city
text: house. It sits alongside an overgrown field with a distant
text: view of the towering Renaissance Center.
text: Early morning fog drifts across the face of the brick
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 58
text: A patch of police tape is strung across the front door. A sign
text: on the lawn reads: FOR RENT.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD OF HUGH'S DETROIT HOME - DAWN 59
text: Paul stands on the gas meter pulling a window open. Jay, Greg,
text: Kelly and Yara stand along the back wall of the house, looking
text: around at the weed-filled lawn and adjoining backyards.
text: As Paul crawls inside, we hear the jingle of clinking cans and
text: a bell rattle.
text: A dog begins to bark loudly from a distant yard.
text: Jay notices an old woman peeking out from behind a neighboring
text: house. The woman stares suspiciously, then disappears.
text: Paul opens the back door, gesturing for the gang to enter.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING/DINING ROOM OF HUGH'S DETROIT HOME - DAWN 60
text: The camera pushes forward through a dark hall.
text: Tiny beams of morning light shine through the covered windows.
text: Large swathes of shadow obscure the details of the dim space.
text: A dusty mist fills the air.
text: Piles of debris rest on the coffee table. Couch cushions are
text: flipped. The television is face down on the floor.
text: Jay and Greg walk cautiously into the dark living room.
text: Moving to the curtain-covered bay window, Jay stares at an odd
text: collection of cans, bottles and bells that hang from string
text: across the entire length. She runs her hand over the
text: primitive alarm.
text: Clink Clink jingle jingle.
text: Greg discovers a similar string of cans and bells across the
text: smaller side window.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM OF HUGH'S DETROIT HOME - DAWN 61
text: Kelly rifles through drawers and checks the medicine cabinet.
text: She finds several bottles of pills. The labels have been torn
dialog: off.
text: Bits of daylight shine through a tiny window above the shower.
text: Kelly sees a bloody razor blade on the floor near a stack of
dialog: towels.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN OF HUGH'S DETROIT HOME - DAWN 62
text: Yara opens the fridge and makes a funny face at the sight of
text: open leftovers and rotten fruit.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: I don't think he spent a lot of time
dialog: here.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM OF HUGH'S DETROIT HOME - DAWN 63
text: Kelly notices a crack in the wall of the bathroom. She runs
text: her hand along the split in the dry-wall. Kelly applies some
text: pressure and a large piece of wall falls away - revealing a
text: hole leading to the adjoining room.
text: Jay peeks through the hole to her sister.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: He told me never to go into a room
dialog: that didn't have more than one way
dialog: out.
text: Kelly shakes her head - surprised by the oddness of the
dialog: situation.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM OF HUGH'S DETROIT HOME - DAWN 64
text: Paul enters the upstairs bedroom. Water-stains line the wall.
text: An old mattress sits on the floor. Debris and clothes boxes
dialog: fill the space.
text: Paul digs carefully through the cardboard boxes - sorting
text: through a few remaining articles of clothes. A couple pairs of
text: socks. Some underwear.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN OF HUGH'S DETROIT HOME - DAWN 65
text: Standing on the counter, Yara digs through the upper cabinets,
text: using her cell phone to illuminate the junk inside. Greg stops
text: nearby, looking up at her legs. Admiring.
text: Yara peeks into the cabinet. Pushing aside a dusty row of
dialog: mugs...
text: A cockroach runs out and scampers across her hand.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Ebhh!! Fuck!
text: Yara shakes her hand in disgust. Greg chuckles.
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT OF HUGH'S DETROIT HOME - DAWN 66
text: Kelly walks alone through the garbage filled cellar. The
text: camera pushes slowly through the dusty shadows toward a ground
text: level window. There's tension as we near the sun-misted glass.
text: Nothing passes.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM OF HUGH'S DETROIT HOME - DAWN 67
text: Under some crumpled and stained tissue paper, Paul discovers a
text: small stack of porn magazines.
text: He lifts them and sits on the edge of the bed, sifting through
dialog: the various covers.
text: He selects one and casually flips through the magazine -
text: perusing a nude woman's pictorial.
text: Jay enters the bedroom and sees him. She shakes her head and
text: moves to the bedroom's far window. It's taped over with
text: newspapers and comic book pages. A few tears allow some
text: morning light into Hugh's grim-looking sleep quarters.
text: Jay peeks through a hole in the comic book page, looking down
text: at the nearby field. She sees a homeless man walking through
text: the tall grass. He disappears behind a tree. Jay backs away
text: quickly, bumping the string of cans with her arm.
text: Paul turns another page and finds a loose photo wedged inside.
text: He pulls the picture out and examines it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey, look at this.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is this him?
text: Jay moves to the bed and looks down at the photo in Paul's
text: hand. She sees a younger, teenage-version of Hugh with some
text: old girlfriend. They both have bad haircuts. The girl, a
text: cheerleader, is wearing a boy's oversized high school
text: letterman jacket. It reads: Lawson Vikings.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Do you recognize the letterman jacket?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Lawson High School.
text: Paul nods in agreement.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Somebody's gonna know his real name.
text: Jay looks closely at Hugh's smiling face.
scene_heading: INT. LAWSON HIGH SCHOOL HALL - DAY 68
text: Down a long, locker-filled hallway, Greg and Jay walk together
text: towards the main office.
text: A few kids pass them, walking to class - dodging work.
scene_heading: INT. LAWSON HIGH SCHOOL HALL - DAY 69
text: Through a medium-sized window in the hall, we see a couple
text: high school kids making out behind a tree - only pieces of the
text: action from a distance. A teen boy in ugly clothes walks by
text: eating an apple.
text: The camera pans, crossing the hall and focusing on the nearby
dialog: main office.
scene_heading: INT. LAWSON HIGH SCHOOL OFFICE - DAY 70
text: Through the glass we watch as Jay and Greg speak with a couple
text: of school employees. The photo sits on the counter between
dialog: them.
text: One woman grabs a large book from a shelf, opens it and flips
text: through pages as a man types slowly on his old computer. Greg
dialog: watches.
text: Jay stops and turns, looking out past us and the camera,
text: scanning the area - she is constantly on guard.
text: Jay turns back and listens as the woman talks.
text: The camera pans again, back towards the window.
text: Outside, the couple are still kissing behind the tree.
text: A YOUNG WOMAN WITH RED HAIR is walking towards the building,
text: carrying a backpack.
text: A few teen girlfriends cross the window, laughing and
dialog: chatting.
scene_heading: INT. GREG'S CAR - DAY 71
text: Paul and Kelly sit in the back seat of the car like kids
text: waiting for their parents. Yara sleeps on Kelly's shoulder.
text: Greg and Jay open their doors and hop into the front.
text: The high school building is visible through the front window.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Did they know?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Yup.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: His real name's Jeff.
text: In the distance, the young redhead with a backpack is visible
text: walking towards the car. She's quite far away. No one sees
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not Hugh?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Jeff Redmond.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Do we tell the police?
text: Greg starts the car. The radio comes on - quiet. A seat-belt
text: alarm dings repeatedly. Greg buckles up - Jay doesn't.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No.
text: The redhead walks closer as Greg backs the car up and pulls
text: out of the school lot. No one sees her, except us (and
dialog: probably only some of us).
text: Paul sees Jay and Greg share a moment of eye contact. Greg
text: rubs Jay's shoulder for comfort.
text: Paul makes a face - slightly irritated.
scene_heading: 72 EXT. HILLY SUBURBAN ROAD - DAY 72
text: Greg's car pulls up in front of a large upper-middle-class
text: house on the more rural edge of the county. Well manicured
text: lawns enhance the neighborhood's stature.
text: Jay climbs out of the car and walks up to the front door. Her
text: friends pile out of the car and stand around it, like a ragged
text: gang from a B-picture version of "West Side Story".
text: Jay rings the bell and waits. She looks down the street -
text: watching the empty road.
text: The door opens and a friendly middle-aged woman in a rumpled t-
text: shirt and "mom jeans" greets Jay. MRS. REDMOND smiles and
text: looks to her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 72
scene_heading: MRS. REDMOND
dialog: Hello.
text: Jay stares at the woman - taken aback. Mrs. Redmond is a dead-
text: ringer for the naked woman seen earlier at the abandoned
dialog: warehouse.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hi. Um. Is Jeff here?
scene_heading: MRS. REDMOND
dialog: Yeah. He is. Um... Do you wanna come
dialog: in?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Mrs. Redmond glances back at Jay's friends by the car.
scene_heading: MRS. REDMOND
dialog: Your friends?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That'd be great.
text: Jay waves her sister and friends over.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - DAY 73
text: Mrs. Redmond leads Jay and her friends down a long hallway to
text: the back of the house.
text: They reach a doorway. Mrs. Redmond knocks.
scene_heading: MRS. REDMOND
dialog: Hey Jeff, you got friends here.
dialog: Silence.
scene_heading: MRS. REDMOND
dialog: Jeff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah mom. I'm coming.
text: The door unlocks and opens. Jeff looks out past his mom to
text: Jay and her gang. His face reveals the awkwardness and stress
text: of the moment. He tries to hide it from his mother.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hey.
text: Jay looks back at him - waiting for something.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 73
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey.
scene_heading: MRS. REDMOND
dialog: Well I'll leave you kids alone.
text: Mrs. Redmond walks back down the hall. Jeff looks at Jay.
text: She stares him down.
text: No one notices, but on Jeff's left wrist, the edge of a
text: bandage peeks out from under his long sleeve shirt.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You wanna come in?
text: Jay shrugs and steps into Jeff's bedroom. Paul, Kelly, Yara
text: and Greg follow. Jeff appears uneasy.
text: Jay looks around the room. It's a very typical boy's bedroom -
text: probably too immature for Jeff.
text: Tired, Yara lays across the bed and watches the scene unfold.
text: Greg closes the door, blocking Jeff in. He hovers near the
text: young man as though he's about to punch him.
text: Seeing that he's trapped, Jeff looks over at Jay.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Jay ignores him - looking at a small, candid photograph on
text: Jeff's dresser.
text: In the photo-booth strip: Jeff smiles alongside a laughing and
text: happy young woman: Annie.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You don't know how horrible I feel.
text: Greg smacks Jeff in the face.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Fuck you.
text: Jeff does nothing in return. He has tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Are you gonna call the police?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'm not sure yet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 73
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: (his voice is weepy and
dialog: weak)
dialog: Please don't tell my family. Ok?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I just want to know what's going on.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Ok, but can we talk outside? It's not
dialog: safe in here. It's really not safe.
scene_heading: EXT. JEFF'S BACKYARD - DAY 74
text: Jeff sits before an open expanse of lawns and landscaped
text: backyards. There are no fences here.
text: On the grass at the edge of the patio, Jay and her friends sit
text: around the host - like a teenage mob. They're drinking soda
text: pop from straws.
text: Mrs. Redmond steps outside - smiling. She sets out a tray of
text: baked snacks for the group.
scene_heading: MRS. REDMOND
dialog: Ok. I hope you like puffed crispy
dialog: treats.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thank you.
text: Yara grabs a crispy treat and begins to eat.
scene_heading: MRS. REDMOND
dialog: Of course. You're welcome.
text: The kids nod awkwardly as they sip their cola beverages. The
text: mother smiles and walks inside, carefully sliding the glass
dialog: door closed.
text: Once gone, all expressions change. Jeff maintains a low
text: whisper, trying to conceal the situation from his mother. His
text: eyes are red from crying.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (looking at Jay)
dialog: Even though it's following you, I can
dialog: still see it... it's not done with me
dialog: either. It just wants you first. Like
dialog: I told you, all you can do pass it to
text: someone else.
text: Jay picks at the ground, pulling up a blade of grass and
text: tearing it into smaller strips, placing them on her leg.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What the fuck are you talking about?
text: Further down the block, a TEENAGE GIRL IN A SOCCER JERSEY
text: appears, cutting across the neighbor's back lawns on her way
text: home. For now, she appears as a dot on the horizon - too
text: distant to be seen by anyone.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: She can do the same thing I did. It
dialog: should be easier for her. She's a
dialog: girl.
text: Jeff turns and looks straight at Jay.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Any guy would be with you. Just sleep
dialog: with somebody and tell them to do the
dialog: same. Maybe it'll never come back.
text: Paul stares longingly at Jay from behind his can of soda. We
text: see the figure of the soccer girl begin to take shape in the
text: distance. A casual stroll - a backpack slung over shoulder.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is that really possible?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Bullshit. Total fucking bullshit.
text: Jay pulls apart the blades of grass within her palm - fixating
text: on the tiny details of the plant.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (looking at Jeff)
dialog: You should take it back.
text: Jeff looks at Kelly - making a face.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (to Jeff)
dialog: You know what I mean.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It doesn't work that way.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (almost to herself)
dialog: I would never sleep with him again.
text: Greg exhales - growing frustrated with the nature of the
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 74
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: This isn't real. I promise you the
dialog: whole thing is some fucked up game.
text: Jeff looks at Jay - her melancholy profile - down-turned. Over
text: her shoulder, he finally notices the teenage soccer girl
text: walking in his direction - still far away. The camera zooms in
text: on the girl. Jeff is clearly distracted and frightened.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I'm not safe either. OK? We shouldn't
dialog: be in the same place. You need to get
dialog: the fuck out of here.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Watch it.
text: Jeff glances back to the soccer girl. She strolls lazily
text: across the lawns. A bit closer.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (getting nervous)
dialog: If it kills you, it comes back to me
text: and then all the way down the line to
dialog: whoever the hell started it.
text: Jay stares down at her hand - losing herself in the slight
text: movement of her flesh and fingers - something grounded and
text: real. Paul watches her with sadness and longing.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (nervous and quick)
dialog: Jay, I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to
dialog: hurt you. Somebody did this to me too,
dialog: ya know.
text: Greg is sweating now. He steals another look at the soccer
text: girl. She looks back at him - then looks down.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Who did it to you?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: I met a girl at a bar... it was a one
dialog: night stand... I don't even know her
dialog: name. I think that's where it came
dialog: from.
text: Greg rolls his eyes in frustration.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Jeff? I don't believe you...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: TIA
dialog: 78
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 74
text: Jeff focuses completely on the approaching girl. He's
text: fidgeting - ready to stand and run.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: She might, but I think you're a liar.
dialog: This is some fucked up shit you're -
dialog: (doing to her).
dialog: Jeff interrupts -
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Do you guys see that girl right
dialog: there?!?
text: Jeff points and stares in the direction of the passing soccer
text: girl. Everyone turns around and looks at the shy teenager,
text: bobbing her head to the music. She notices and makes a worried
text: face, shifting her path away from Jeff and the group.
scene_heading: KELLY, PAUL, JAY GREG YARA
dialog: (simultaneous) (nodding)
dialog: Yes.... Yeah... Uh huh...
text: Jeff regains his composure. He tries to adjust.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Ok. Good. Um... listen... Jay...
text: Jeff faces Jay directly.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Wherever you are, it’s somewhere
dialog: walking straight for you... but it is
dialog: walking. If you drive far enough, you
dialog: can buy yourself some time to think...
dialog: decide if you wanna give it to someone
dialog: else.
text: Jay glances down at the ground, as Greg and Paul sit silently.
text: Paul steals a look toward Jay.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 75
speaker_heading: OMITTED 76
speaker_heading: OMITTED 77
speaker_heading: OMITTED TIA
scene_heading: INT. GREG'S CAR - NIGHT 78
text: Greg drives - staring at the dark road ahead. Yara snores in
text: the passenger seat - an open bag of potato snacks on her lap.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 78
text: Paul, Kelly and Jay are crammed in the back, along with their
dialog: luggage.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (to Greg)
dialog: Um... Greg?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Your mom’s not gonna freak out?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: She won’t even know.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: It’s really nice of you.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: I love coming up here. My dad used to
dialog: take me hunting a couple times a year.
dialog: It’s not like super nice, but it’s
dialog: cool.
text: Kelly nods and smiles, leaning closer to Jay.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Have you thought about what he said?
text: Jay takes a pill from her purse.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Maybe passing it on?
text: Jay shakes her head as she swallows the pill with some water.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I don’t know.
text: Kelly shrugs a bit. Paul peeks at Jay out of the corner of his
text: eye - under the cover of sleep.
text: Highway signs pass by.
text: Miles of road.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - MORNING 79
text: Greg's car drives up the scenic, northern stretch of I-75.
text: Giant stretches of forest and clear lakes line the road.
text: The sun rises higher over the trees.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 80
speaker_heading: OMITTED 81
speaker_heading: OMITTED 82
scene_heading: EXT. GREG'S LAKE HOUSE - MORNING 83
text: Greg's car arrives in front of a lake house surrounded by open
dialog: fields.
text: Beyond the house is a medium-sized lake.
text: The gang start to climb out, stretching in the morning sun.
text: Greg unlocks the door and steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. LAKE HOUSE LIVING ROOM - MORNING 84
text: Jay and Paul string bells and bottles over the windows and
text: doors. Sitting on the floor - threading old soup cans with
text: string, Jay speaks into an old 70’s-style phone receiver.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello, yes, um, this is Mrs. Height.
dialog: I’m calling to let you know that my
dialog: daughter Kelly is sick with the flu
dialog: and she’s gonna be out for a few days -
dialog: uh maybe longer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Uh huh. Yeah. I know. It’s the season
dialog: change I guess.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ok well, thank you. Bye.
text: Kelly fries bacon at the stove, while making pancakes for the
text: group. She watches her sister from across the room.
text: A radio on the counter plays an old AM rock tune.
text: Yara dances by herself to the music, snacking on bacon as she
text: reads her ebook. Swaying and stepping - her moves are
dialog: intentionally silly.
text: Greg drinks a beer on the couch, staring at Yara's ass
dialog: whenever possible.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 84
text: Family photos of Greg and his parents line the walls. Old
text: remnants of joyful times litter the room.
text: Hanging up the phone, Jay stands at the edge of the kitchen,
text: looking out the window. She watches the empty field, driveway
dialog: and lake.
text: Birds chirp happily in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD SHED - MORNING 85
text: Greg unlocks the door to a shed behind the house. He pulls a
text: metal case from the dusty shelf.
text: Inside, he finds a small HANDGUN and some bullets.
text: Greg closes the case, and tucks it under his arm.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY 86
text: Greg stands next to Jay as she fires the handgun at a far-off
text: row of canned goods and mini cereal boxes.
text: He helps to adjust her aim.
text: Kelly and Paul watch from the distant grass - as shots ring
text: out and echo. Yara reads from her phone.
text: Paul seems irritated.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: It sucks sticking around after
dialog: everyone's gone, huh?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's a bit lonely.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: I'm right across the street you know.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I remember.
text: BANG! A full size box of Fruity Fun Cereal is hit, causing a
text: trickle of colorful rice to pour from the bullet hole.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT & LAKE - DAY 87
text: The boat is anchored in the center of the lake. The water is
dialog: calm.
text: The breeze passes like a whisper across Jay's bangs. She
text: turns onto her back and lays out across the front of the boat -
text: feeling the warm sun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 87
text: Greg dives into the water, while Paul cannonballs in.
text: Kelly sits near her sister, while Yara dips a toe in the lake
text: from the safety of the rear ladder - sipping a beer and eating
dialog: snack chips.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I feel safe out here.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: We'll stay as long as we can. Mom
dialog: doesn't care.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I wonder how long it'll take before it
dialog: gets here.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay, there's nothing coming, ok?
text: Jay looks back towards the shore and watches the tree-line and
text: the open field. She stares deeply at the land. Nothing
dialog: moves.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT & LAKE - DAY 88
text: Yara dives underwater, kicking her feet above the surface.
text: Loud splashes.
text: Kelly holds on to the anchor-rope, floating calmly on her
dialog: back.
text: We notice Greg glancing over at Kelly, treading water with
text: beer in hand.
text: Jay swims alone.
text: Drying his face with a towel, Paul watches her from the boat.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY 89
text: We slowly push forward - moving up along the expressway. Cars
text: race towards us - passing on either side. We creep along,
text: unfazed by their proximity.
text: Closer and closer.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 90
speaker_heading: OMITTED 91
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 92
text: The trees pass as we move very slowly but steadily through the
dialog: forest.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 92
text: The wind howls.
text: A bird flutters past us.
text: Distant lightning illuminates the woods. Thunder rumbles.
dialog: We move closer...
scene_heading: INT. LAKE HOUSE - NIGHT 93
text: A bell rings. Jay turns and sees Paul step through her
text: doorway. He closes the door with a final rattle and ring.
text: Jay stares up at him from her bed. Rain pours against the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hi. How are you?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Um... I don't know.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah.
text: Paul sits down on the side of her bed. He looks over and eyes
text: her. She glances back.
text: There's a silence in the room. Jay shifts under her covers.
text: Paul reaches over and holds Jay's hand. They sit in silence.
text: Jay stares down at their hands - intertwined. She appears a
dialog: bit uneasy.
text: Paul leans down and tries to kiss Jay. She pulls her head
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No, Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What?
text: Jay doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know you feel kind of alone and I
dialog: just wanted to tell you that... I'm
dialog: here for you.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 93
text: Paul takes a breath. It's getting awkward.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, I mean... I'm here for you.
text: Paul places his hand on Jay's leg. Finally understanding what
text: he's saying, she politely moves his hand away.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh... um... Paul, I...
text: Paul swallows hard as Kelly knocks on the door. The bell
text: rings as she walks into the room.
text: She's in a towel. Seeing Paul, she rolls her eyes and gives
text: him a shake of her head.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Out.
text: Jay smirks as Paul leaves the bedroom.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE HOUSE - NIGHT 94
text: Rain pours from the gutters on the ground.
text: Drops ping off the side of the awning.
text: The lake dances with volatile drops of water.
text: Rain falls across the windows of the lake house.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - MORNING 95
text: A grey mist has settled over the area.
text: Jay relaxes on one of the lawn chairs in the center of the
text: field - near the lake. A breeze tussles her hair. She appears
text: calm, but sad.
text: Kelly, Greg and Paul lounge around her - some on the wet grass
text: - others in chairs.
text: Paul stares lovingly at Jay. She watches the horizon.
text: Behind Jay - over her shoulder - we watch as Yara steps from
text: the forest into view - far off - by the dirt road.
text: Yara walks closer. Paul looks off - into her direction.
text: Greg notices Kelly's leg - stretched across the grass. She
text: sees him checking her out. His warm eyes cause her to look
text: away - more from shyness than anything else.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 95
text: Greg gulps and finishes his beer as he stands - dropping the
text: can into the grass. He walks off - trudging towards the
text: distant trees.
text: Paul looks up at the sky - raising his hand up to feel the
text: sun. Behind him, we see Yara in her bathing suit floating
text: across the shallow edge of the lake on a circular inner-tube.
text: She floats lazily by - a small but visible shape in the
dialog: background.
text: There are clearly two Yaras. One is in the water. One is
text: approaching behind Jay.
text: Paul looks back to Jay. She turns to her side and looks back
text: towards the lake house. Behind her, Yara is now much closer -
text: continuing to approach.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: You should get in the water!
text: From her inner-tube, Yara looks back to her friends. Kelly
text: glances over to her sister. Jay yawns and stretches.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You want to?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No. You go ahead.
text: We see Greg - very far away - step into the trees, drop his
text: shorts and start to pee.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Eh.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Get up. It'll be nice.
text: Kelly starts to get up. We see the group, lounging together in
dialog: the field.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Maybe in a little bit.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Don’t be so lazy.
text: As Jay sits in her chair, her long hair rises into the air -
text: without cause or explanation - like a Michaél Borremans’
dialog: painting.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 95
text: Kelly and Paul see this occur. Jay immediately realizes
text: something is behind her. She jumps from her chair, screams and
text: steps backwards. The chair topples. An invisible force pulls
text: her head down and prevents her from moving more than a few
text: feet. She pulls backwards - a tug of war - her hair is the
dialog: rope.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Help me!
text: Kelly takes a step closer - tentative with confusion.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay?! What is it?!
text: Paul jumps up and grabs the fallen chair. He swings it down
text: into the air.
text: We watch as the chair smashes into an invisible object -
text: cracking - hurting Paul's hand.
text: Jay’s hair is released - dropping back to her shoulders. She
text: tumbles away, tripping over a cooler and falling to the
text: ground. Kelly rushes to help her.
text: Paul steps closer - suddenly he’s pushed violently across the
text: grass - landing on his shoulder.
text: Jay crawls and stumbles away from the advancing thing. The
text: fake Yara follows her - bloodied but unfazed.
text: In the distance, Greg quickly pulls up his shorts and starts
text: to walk back - a cautious, hyper-aware gait.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Will you guys tell me what's goin'
dialog: on?!
text: The real Yara rushes through the shallow water and helps Jay
text: up. She pulls her towards the lake house as Paul manages to
text: stand, backing away from the center of the field - terrified
text: and unsure how to help.
text: Kelly runs after her sister. Jay keeps moving - glancing back
text: and pointing.
text: Yara, or something that looks like her, follows. The gap
text: widens, but the thing keeps coming. Slowly of course.
text: Jay's friends and sister pass right by the thing as they rush
text: to her aid. They see nothing.
speaker_heading: 95A
dialog: 96
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF FIELD - CONTINUOUS 95A
text: Greg is still far off - approaching along the edge of the
text: clearing. We track behind him as he watches the odd sight:
text: Jay is backing away - screaming, pointing and staring at
dialog: nothingness.
scene_heading: INT. LAKE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 96
text: Jay picks up the hand gun and runs to the door.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What're you doing?!
text: Jay raises the gun up. She aims at the thing. Yara stares
text: back at her. Mouth open.
text: Paul is almost hyper-ventilating at the edge of the room. He
text: sees nothing but a frightened and hurt young woman aiming a
text: gun into the air. He hides behind the couch.
text: Jay waits until it gets near. She aims at its face - Jay
text: pulls the trigger.
dialog: Bang!!!
text: Greg dives down - taking cover in the grass.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Fuck!
text: The bullet slices through Yara’s forehead and ricochets out
text: her temple. Blood pours from her skull as she slumps to the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (in distance)
dialog: Stop shooting! !
text: Greg jumps up, arms in the air. He starts to come closer.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay, please!!
text: The bloody Yara rises and continues walking towards Jay as
dialog: though nothing happened.
speaker_heading: 96A
speaker_heading: 96B
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - CONTINUOUS 96A
text: As Greg moves toward Jay with his arms in the air, she raises
text: her pistol once again. She fires several times - the bullets
text: coming right at us. Greg dives for cover.
text: Jay steps back and pulls the front door closed.
scene_heading: INT. LAKE HOUSE LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 96B
text: Jay locks the front door and slumps onto the ground. She
text: starts to cry. Kelly tries to hold her but she can't be
dialog: consoled.
text: Paul lifts his shirt and sees a swollen red welt across his
dialog: abdomen.
text: Jay peeks up toward the front window. She sees a large man
text: looking in through the glass. He shuffles slowly to the side -
text: out of sight.
dialog: Smash!!!
text: There's a loud pounding from the front door. The wood shakes.
text: It hits again. The banging gets louder.
text: A foot breaks through the bottom of the door.
text: The women scream. Paul jumps in fear.
text: Yara watches as wood splinters from the center - seemingly
dialog: without cause.
text: Jay watches as the foot kicks out a medium chunk of paneling
text: from the bottom of the door. The foot retracts and
dialog: disappears.
text: Silence - except for the soft crying within the room.
text: The friends and siblings look to the door - waiting.
text: Slowly... we push in... closer on the hole...
text: Greg appears, looking in through the broken door - his head
text: tilted at an angle.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: What the hell are you guys doing?!
speaker_heading: JAY YARA
dialog: Greg, it's outside! Don’t open the door!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 96B
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 96B
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: What did you do to the door?!
speaker_heading: JAY PAUL
dialog: It's trying to get in! We didn’t do it!
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: There's nothing out here!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yes there is!
text: Greg pounds his fist into the door. He pulls away and
text: disappears from view.
speaker_heading: GREG KELLY
dialog: (O.S.) Greg, did you kick the door?
dialog: What the fuck... son-of-a... Was it you?
dialog: Silence.
text: We hear only Jay, Kelly, Yara and Paul, breathing deeply.
text: Frightened and labored breaths.
text: Outside... it's quiet.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Greg?
text: He doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Greg, are you ok?
text: Jay leans closer to the door, peeking into the hole.
dialog: Suddenly...
text: A very LITTLE BOY WITH A STRANGE FACE pokes his head into the
text: opening. Jay screams and jumps as the little kid crawls
text: through the hole in the door.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay, what do you see?!
text: The innocent looking boy stares at Jay and screams loudly -
text: like an elderly woman.
text: Jay flinches and covers her ears. She pulls herself up and
text: scrambles away, grabbing the car keys from the table.
text: There's a pounding from the other side of the house.
text: Jay runs toward the rear door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 96B
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 96B
text: Now inside, the little boy steps across the room.
text: Paul follows Jay as she unlocks the back door, revealing Greg -
text: pounding on it.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: What is going on?!!
text: Jay pushes past him, moving outside.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don't know!
text: Greg stares into the lake house with anger and confusion - we
text: don't see anything other than hysterical teenagers.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: What the fuck...
text: Yara is crying on the floor, while Kelly stands shaking - in
text: shock. Greg marches past them.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 97
text: Jay runs to the car, fumbling with the key fob, unlocking the
dialog: door.
text: As Jay climbs into the driver's seat, Greg emerges from the
text: front door of the lake house. He inspects the crack in the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. GREG'S CAR - CONTINUOUS 98
text: Starting the car, Jay sees a young woman, Annie, walk past
text: Greg and the others - staring at her from a distance.
text: Greg is shouting - trying to calm everyone down.
text: Jay continues to cry - not loudly - just streams of
text: involuntary tears. She throws the car into gear.
text: Kelly runs from the side of the house, spotting her sister in
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (distant)
dialog: Jay! Wait!
text: We back up at a mad speed, turning and racing up the dirt road
text: towards the highway.
text: The engine roars - and whines.
text: Kelly, Yara, Paul and Greg watch as Jay drives off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 98
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Where are you going?! That's my
dialog: fucking car!!
text: The house, the friends and Annie recede into the background.
text: Jay stares ahead in shock. Her hands are shaking on the
text: steering wheel.
text: The teenage girl presses down on the gas. She steers wide -
text: turning a corner in the road.
text: Jay looks back over her shoulder. Panicked.
text: Up ahead, a pickup truck begins to pull out from the
text: intersection. Protected by a stop sign - nothing more.
text: Jay is going too fast. Unable to stop. The truck tries to
text: swerve.
text: She pulls at the wheel, hitting the brake and cutting left.
dialog: Losing control.
text: She crashes hard into a bank of trees.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 99
text: Jay opens her eyes. Her head is slightly bandaged around her
text: forehead. A small circle of dried blood rests on the cotton
text: wrap - an IV in her left arm.
text: Her right arm is covered in a cast - extending from her
text: fingers to her bicep.
text: Jay sees the foot of her hospital bed. A monitor and the open
text: doorway leading to a hallway.
text: She stares into the hall. An empty waiting room is visible
text: beyond another door.
text: A NOSY WOMAN passes by - peeking over at Jay.
text: An unseen MAN screams in pain from a distant room.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Somebody come and help me! I need some
dialog: helppp! Somebody please! I just need
dialog: some helppp!!
text: Jay watches the door - she begins to frighten herself. Her
text: breathing grows shallow.
text: She looks down and presses the call button. It rings, but no
text: one responds.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 99
text: The hallway appears empty. The man's cries are silenced. The
text: call button beeps intermittently.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hello?
text: Jay stares into the doorway.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Helloooo?
text: The camera moves closer and closer to the open space.
text: Kelly steps into frame, walking from the waiting room around
text: the corner. She crosses the hall - an expression of sadness on
text: her face.
text: Jay sees her coming. She stares - fearful and suspicious. Her
text: breathing is heavy.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Kelly?
text: Kelly simply nods and smiles reassuringly, shrugging her
text: shoulders. Of course it's her.
text: Jay doesn't believe it.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (still afraid)
dialog: Is it really you?!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (nodding once again)
dialog: Yeah. It's me.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Ok.
text: Jay tries to stop herself from crying. She sobs as her sister
text: comes closer and holds her - leaning down over the bed.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Does mom know?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yeah. She came earlier.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: How long am I gonna be here?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 99
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's gonna come here. What am I gonna
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: We're gonna figure it out. Just
dialog: relax. Ok.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: How far are we from the lake house?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Far.
text: Kelly sits up and yawns, pulling away from the hug. She leans
dialog: back revealing -
text: An OLD NURSE staring down at Jay, a tray of food in her hands.
text: Jay sees the pale woman and is startled. She immediately
text: freaks out, pulling away and kicking her food tray to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No! Get her away from me! Can you see
dialog: her?! She's right there!
text: Jay points at the nurse. Kelly tries to calm her sister,
text: grabbing her arms.
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: I see her! It's just a nurse. She's
dialog: bringing you food.
dialog: (looking to the nurse)
dialog: I'm so sorry... she's really scared.
text: Jay turns her face toward the pillow. She takes deep breaths.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: We'll get her something to help her
dialog: relax.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: I don't want anything.
text: Jay gasps for air.
text: Everything goes dark... the noises of the hospital warp and
dialog: distort...
text: We hear the sound of Jay breathing.
dialog: 100
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DUSK 100
text: Jay opens her eyes again...
text: She sees her mother sitting in a nearby chair. The door is
dialog: closed.
text: Paul, Greg, Kelly and Yara lay around the room - scattered in
text: odd places: chairs, the end of the bed, the window sill.
text: The television is on, but no one is watching it. It's nothing
text: but a half-muted light source in an otherwise dim room.
text: We hear voices - whispering around us. Nothing sounds right.
speaker_heading: MRS HEIGHT
dialog: (muted)
dialog: Was she taking her medicine?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (muted)
dialog: I don't know. I think so.
text: Jay begins to cry.
text: Mrs. Height moves close, holding her hand against her
text: daughter's forehead.
speaker_heading: MRS HEIGHT
dialog: Jay, you ok?
text: Jay's face shows exhaustion and fear. Her crying intensifies.
text: The young woman sobs and wails like a hurt child. Her mother
text: holds her, while Kelly wipes tears away from her cheek.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I don't wanna die.
speaker_heading: MRS HEIGHT
dialog: You're not gonna die. You're ok. It
dialog: was a bad accident. That's all.
dialog: You'll be home in a few days.
text: Jay continues to cry. Greg stares from his seat.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: It's gonna catch me.
text: Jay sees Greg. She looks to him for help.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: It'll be here soon...
text: Jay lays against her pillow, sobbing lightly, staring at Greg.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT 101
text: We watch from outside.
text: The camera tracks along the exterior of the hospital windows -
text: past the sleeping and the sick. A man on his deathbed. A
text: women hobbling to the bathroom. A family laughing silently
text: behind glass. A child eating over a tray.
text: We settle on Jay's hospital room - looking in - through the
text: window from a distance.
text: Greg leans over the bed, as Jay whispers something into his
text: ear. A private moment. He nods and says something in reply.
text: We slowly move closer. A tiny, creeping dolly forward.
text: They are alone. The room's door is closed.
text: Greg takes her left hand and holds it.
text: He kisses her and moves closer. Greg undoes his pants and
text: pulls them down. Jay lifts the blanket up and pulls her
text: underwear off.
text: Greg climbs into the bed with her, touching her body. She
text: pulls his boxers off and holds him with one arm - keeping her
text: cast off to the side..
text: Greg moves on top of Jay. She looks up at him as he positions
text: himself inside her. Greg stares down at Jay's beautiful face.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - CONTINUOUS 102
text: Jay looks over Greg's shoulder to the closed door. She
text: watches - waiting - as Greg makes love to her.
text: Her head and face shake - rising and falling as the young man
text: moves faster - fucking her harder.
text: Jay stays focused on the closed door - holding Greg in her
dialog: arms.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT 103
text: Jay sits alone in her hospital bed. The room is very quiet.
text: She stares out - lost in thought.
dialog: Is it gone?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 103
text: We sit with Jay for a few moments as she takes a sip of water
text: and then looks down at her hospital gown. Her legs. The cast
text: on her arm.
text: Jay waits for something to happen. She watches the empty
dialog: doorway.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE FOOD COURT - DAY 104
text: Greg eats a sandwich, fries and coke while chatting with some
text: girls at a table. Many people cross by.
text: Greg laughs with his mouth half-full.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM - DAY 105
text: Kelly rests on a small couch - magazines on her lap.
text: Paul sits in a chair - watching across the hallway - looking
text: into Jay's room. He watches Greg smile and chat with her -
text: casually eating applesauce from Jay's food tray.
text: Jay's face is partially hidden by the edge of the doorway.
text: Paul stares with obvious envy.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S HOSPITAL ROOM - CONTINUOUS 106
text: Flowers line the window sill - the sun shines brightly inside.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You haven't seen it?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Nothing.
text: Greg takes another bite of applesauce.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (eating)
dialog: Yeah. I'm waiting. Looking. It's
dialog: been 3 days...
text: Jay nods her head - unsure.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: I don't think it's coming.
text: Jay rests in her hospital bed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 106
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You believe me right? You're not just
dialog: playing along?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: No. I believe you.
text: Jay nods.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: I just don't think it's... following
dialog: me.
text: Jay stares at Greg. Worried.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Isn't that good?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jay's face doesn't seem relaxed. She takes no comfort in
text: Greg's words.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'm sorry about your car.
speaker_heading: GREG
text: It's just a car.
text: He smiles and takes one more bite of applesauce - licking the
dialog: spoon.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S BACKYARD - DAY 107
text: Jay sits in the hot tub, with her cast hanging over the side -
text: looking out at the neighboring yards. A dullness in her eyes.
text: The back door is half-open.
text: A small television rests on the deck - playing the local news.
text: On the tv: Bodies are carried from a collapsed building. The
text: news announcer chatters away about the incident.
text: Jay stares out at her backyard lawn - and the lawns of her
text: neighbor's - yards stretching into infinity.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S HOUSE - DAY 108
text: Jay steps inside her house - drying off with a towel.
text: It's quiet.
text: She walks slowly down the hallway to her room.
dialog: 109
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S ROOM - DAY 109
text: Opening the bedroom door, Jay notices that her dresser drawer
text: is open. The underwear drawer.
text: Looking across the room, she sees her bra, underwear and a
text: pair of socks laid out across her bed - as though mimicking a
dialog: body.
text: Fear crosses her face.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Kelly!? Mom!?
text: No one answers. Jay looks around for an intruder.
text: Walking towards the bed, Jay passes a dresser, a mirror and
text: various posters on the wall.
text: She reaches the bed and picks up her bra. She leans down and
text: peers out the window.
dialog: Nothing.
text: Standing up, Jay sees a BOY reflected in the mirror. Startled,
text: she screams - spinning around - falling back against the bed.
text: It's the 11 year old neighbor boy - hiding against the wall -
text: panties in his hand. He takes a step forward - arm extending -
text: worry on his face.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR BOY
dialog: I just wanted to see you. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Get out of here!!
text: The boy drops her underwear on the floor and runs out of the
text: room - into the hallway.
text: Jay sits there. Catching her breath.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S HOUSE - DUSK 110
text: Kelly and Paul sit on the porch talking, drinking and
text: listening to music. Near the garage - Yara is chatting with
text: someone on her pink cell phone.
text: Greg walks out from his front door. He crosses the street and
text: approaches the gang on the porch.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: How are you guys?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 110
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: OK.
text: Paul nods - choosing not to speak.
text: Yara closes her phone and joins her friends - sitting down
dialog: near Paul.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: How's Jay?
text: Greg looks in the direction of the house - where Jay is. Kelly
text: shrugs her shoulders.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Not great.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Have you seen anything?
text: Paul stares Greg down - letting him know that he knows.
text: Yara covers her tiny grin - they're all in on it.
text: Greg silently shakes his head. Nope.
text: The group is quiet for a moment as they consider this.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Is it cool if I go in?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I don't think so. She doesn't want to
text: open her door. She's just hiding in
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: I thought she'd be doing better.
text: Greg looks towards the closed doorway. Kelly stares at him -
dialog: waiting for something back.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I can have her call you later.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Yeah ok.
text: Paul watches silently - a brooding stare from the corner of
dialog: the porch.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: You really haven't seen anything?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED: (2) 110
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: She didn't make it up.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: We'll know sooner or later, right?
text: Greg looks around - thinking about the possibility. He scans
text: the empty street and the rows of manicured lawns extending
text: into infinity.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: That chair cracked in mid-air,
dialog: something knocked me over, and the
dialog: door... it didn't break on its own.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Something happened, but... it's not
dialog: what she thinks.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What do you think it was then?
text: Greg shrugs his shoulders and steps off the porch.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: I'll see you guys.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Bye, Greg.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Bye.
text: Greg walks across the street. Paul watches him go - happy to
text: see him leave.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. SUBURBAN PARK - NIGHT 111
text: The dark trees of the park sway in the night breeze.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - NIGHT 112
text: A dog barks from behind a fence. The houses sleep. The
text: street is quiet.
scene_heading: 113 EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT 113
text: We see the full neighborhood from above.
text: Scattered house lights and street-lamps form pools of
text: illumination across the flat Michigan suburbs.
dialog: 114
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S ROOM - NIGHT 114
text: Jay sits by her window in pajamas, watching the dark
dialog: neighborhood.
text: Empty yards.
text: A car passes.
text: Jay yawns - a hand over her mouth.
text: Near silence. Some crickets.
text: Jay sees Greg walking slowly down the sidewalk. He turns and
text: heads up the path to his house.
text: Jay knocks on her window, trying to get his attention.
text: Greg reaches the front door, but it won't open for him.
text: Jay watches - a bit confused.
text: Greg picks up a large stone and walks towards the front window
dialog: of his house.
text: Jay realizes something is wrong. She grabs her 80’s handset
text: phone and dials Greg's number. It goes straight to voice-
dialog: mail.
text: Greg breaks the glass and begins to crawl into his home
text: through the opening.
text: Jay leaps up and stumbles out her bedroom door.
scene_heading: EXT. GREG'S HOUSE - NIGHT 115
text: Sprinting to Greg's front yard, Jay pounds on the door - pulls
text: at the handle.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Greg! Open the door! Greg!
text: There's no sound from within. Jay looks to the broken front
text: window - she runs to it and begins to crawl through.
scene_heading: INT. GREG'S HOUSE LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 116
text: Falling to the carpet, Jay clutches her cast-covered arm and
text: looks around the dark room. She stands up and moves through
dialog: the house.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (cunning)
dialog: Greg! It's in the house!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 116A
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 116
text: We hear a soft and distant tapping from above. A clock chimes.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (O.S. - distant)
dialog: Jesus, mom! I'm sleeping!
text: Jay runs through a dark hallway reaching the base of the
text: stairs. She goes up.
scene_heading: INT. GREG’S HOUSE UPSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS 116A
text: Running up the stairs, Jay hears the sound of knocking -
text: louder. A "tap tap tap" on wood.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Greg! Watch out!
text: Reaching the top of the stairwell, Jay stops. Ahead of her,
text: at Greg's door is his mother, Mrs. Hannigan.
text: Mrs. Hannigan is knocking on the door. She looks over at Jay
text: as she continues to knock.
text: Jay stares - suddenly understanding what's happening.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (from inside - groggy)
dialog: What the fuck is going on? Fucking son-
dialog: of-a...
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Greg, it's outside your...!
text: Greg opens his bedroom door - wearing only boxers. He sees
text: his mother standing before him in her open bathrobe - breasts
text: half-exposed.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (groggy)
dialog: What the fuck, mom?
text: Mrs. Hannigan puts her arms around Greg. Her legs climb up -
text: feet clawing - wrapping herself around him. He falls backwards
text: disappearing into the bedroom.
text: Jay circles the doorway, looking in. She sees the woman
text: straddling Greg, holding tightly as he convulses - his eyes
text: rolled back - revealing white and veins. A fallen lamp
text: flickers and strobes. The room appears to shake.
text: The mother pushes herself against Greg - bare legs - a loose
text: robe - indecent. His hand struggles against hers - their
text: fingers intertwined.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 116A CONTINUED: 116A
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
text: A heavy rush of fluid pours down onto Greg’s boxers - soaking
dialog: the carpet.
text: The young man stops moving. He's dead and pale - his tongue
text: edging out the side of his mouth.
text: The thing looks back at Jay and stands. It begins to follow
text: her as she backs up along the hall landing - down the stairs.
text: Jay runs to the front door - fleeing the house.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S CAR - NIGHT 117
text: Jay pulls out of her driveway wildly. She drives down the
text: street as Greg walks out of his front door - staring at her.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S CAR - NIGHT 118
text: Jay cruises along the expressway. She tries to slow her
text: breathing. She wipes some tears from her face.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S CAR - NIGHT 119
text: The radio is on. A beautiful pop song plays from the
text: speakers. Jay is tired as she steers along the near empty
dialog: expressway.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S CAR - NIGHT 120
text: Quiet now. Heading down a rural highway.
text: Jay pulls her car into a long dirt drive. She follows the
text: tree-lined path deeper.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 121
text: Jay parks and gets out of her car along the edge of some light
text: woods. She moves around the car and climbs over the front
text: fender, sitting on the hood.
text: Jay lays back and stares up at the night sky. She turns her
text: head and watches the empty road - illuminated by a lone street
text: lamp. She waits.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAWN 122
text: Jay sits on the roof of her car, facing the road. She stares
text: out at the empty path.
text: She hears something. A sputtering engine. Voices in the
dialog: distance.
text: Jay climbs down and follows the sound through the trees -
text: toward the rising sun.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING AT LAKE - DAWN 123
text: Stepping out of the woods, Jay finds herself along the edge of
text: Lake St. Claire. She looks out at the deep waters as a
text: motorboat slows in the distance.
text: A few shirtless YOUNG MEN drink beer in the boat as it rocks
text: and sways. Listening to music, they don't notice the young
text: woman on shore.
text: Jay focuses on the men. A thought crosses her eyes.
text: Jay takes off her pants and shirt as she steps into the lake.
text: She moves out, bracing herself against the cold - letting her
text: cast drop carelessly into the water.
text: She swims further. The boat is ahead. The young men grow
text: closer and closer.
text: Jay slows and stops. She's near the boat now. The music and
text: laughter is louder. She looks up at the figures of men -
text: considering. She starts to call out, but stops. Her eyes
text: show melancholy as she paddles in place.
dialog: I can't do this.
text: Jay exhales and drops down into the water.
text: She's gone.
text: We sit on the surface of the lake watching the young men on
text: the boat drink and laugh. Eventually, they start the engine
text: and cruise off along the horizon.
text: A flock of birds fly overhead.
text: The water is still.
text: Jay pops up several yards away - nearly out of frame - gasping
text: for air. She fights to swim back.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S HOUSE - MORNING 124
text: Jay drives the car down her street - her hair still damp - the
text: cast soaking wet. As she pulls into her driveway, she sees
text: Kelly and Yara sitting on the porch - haggard and sad.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S BEDROOM - DAY 125
text: Jay is resting on the floor of the darkened room. A towel is
text: wrapped around her cast. Some light peeks in through the half-
text: drawn shades. Kelly and Yara are sleeping on the bed - passed
text: out - a space of mourning.
text: Yara snores a little.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 125
text: The old sandwich sits untouched on its plate. The bread has
text: grown moldy. The pickle is dry. The Doritos remain orange and
dialog: unchanged.
text: The television is on. Old commercials sell products.
text: There's a knock at the door. Jay opens her eyes.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Paul.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hang on.
text: Jay gets up and pulls the chair away from the door, she
text: cautiously opens it, peeking out into the hallway. She sees
dialog: Paul - alone.
text: He steps into the room. Jay quickly closes the door and
text: barricades it.
text: Paul sits down on the floor next to Jay's nest of blankets and
text: clothes. She sits alongside him, pulling her t-shirt down as
text: she stretches her legs across the blanket with little regard
text: for modesty. Her focus is singular - a melancholy has settled
text: in her eyes.
text: They sit in silence together for a moment. Yara's snoring
text: quietly rattles from the mattress.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's gonna be here sooner or later.
text: Paul takes a breath - he's thought about it. He speaks in
dialog: whispers.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You could pass it on.
text: Jay shakes her head. She won't. Not again.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You did once.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I shouldn't have.
text: Jay looks ahead at the black dress slung over her chair.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I could...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 125
text: Jay looks at Paul - direct eye contact.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No.
text: A moment passes. Paul stares at Jay's profile. She watches
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I liked you too, ya know.
text: Jay takes a breath, fidgeting with her t-shirt. She knows.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why did you pick Greg?
text: Jay looks down at her legs. She pulls them closer to her
text: chest - she taps her knee lightly.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I thought he would be ok.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He wasn't scared.
text: Paul listens.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We slept together in high school. It
dialog: wasn't a big deal.
text: Paul nods - not agreeing but feeling the need to respond
dialog: somehow.
text: He leans in and starts to kiss Jay. She pulls away
dialog: immediately.
text: Paul reaches over and touches Jay’s fingers - extended just
text: beyond the edge of the damp cast. She maintains her gaze on
text: the window - with a soft sigh - exhaling tension.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I wanna help you.
text: Paul caresses Jay's hand. She stares off - disconnected from
dialog: his touch.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah. I do.
text: Jay pulls her hand away slowly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 125
text: Paul takes a deep breath. He looks around the dim room. It's
text: messy now. Clothes are scattered.
text: A dirty and tangled shirt hangs from the hamper. A bra sits
text: on the floor - half covered by a dirty tennis shoe.
text: Kelly's hand hangs from the edge of the bed.
text: Jay crawls over to the window and peeks out. She watches the
text: street through the low hanging branches of the trees as they
text: sway. A kid rides past the house on his bike.
text: Greg's front window is covered with plywood. There’s a police
text: car parked in his driveway. Jay begins to cry - she’s given
dialog: up.
text: Paul watches her - crouched and scared at the window's edge.
text: He notices her underwear at the bottom of her taut shirt.
text: The young man looks away in frustration. A deep exhale. He
text: holds his gaze against the far wall - noticing an old photo
text: taped to the mirror.
text: It's a picture of he and Jay - younger - standing together
text: with wet hair and bathing suits by an old indoor pool. Smiling
dialog: - beers in hand.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Jay?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (still staring out the
dialog: window)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Do you trust me?
text: Jay nods and turns to Paul - ready to hear.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well... do you remember where we were
dialog: the first time we kissed?
text: Jay nods yes.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S CAR - LATE DAY 126
text: Jay climbs into the passenger seat - behind her we see Yara
text: and Kelly getting into the back and putting on their seat
text: belts. Paul closes the trunk and climbs into the driver’s
dialog: seat.
text: Outside, the neighbor boys are playing ball in the front yard.
text: They steal glances towards the car and Jay.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a * *
dialog: %
dialog: + eH
dialog: 126
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 126
speaker_heading: KELLY *
dialog: You know where to go? *
speaker_heading: PAUL *
dialog: I know how to get there. Mostly.
speaker_heading: KELLY *
dialog: Alright.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: I haven't been to the pool since I was
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: PAUL *
dialog: Who brought you?
text: Yara kicks Paul’s seat - not smiling. *
speaker_heading: PAUL *
dialog: Ok.
text: Paul starts the car and begins to back up. He throws his arm *
text: over the passenger seat and guides the car backwards. Music
text: plays from the radio.
text: As the car reverses, we see more and more of Jay's house - the
text: roof is revealed. Jay is looking the opposite way.
text: An OLD NAKED MAN is standing on the roof - looking down at
text: Jay. No one sees him.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That's where I had my first beer. I
dialog: threw up that whole night.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Into the pool?
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: No. Outside the car.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: And in the car.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Ewwww.
text: Paul backs up to the edge of the driveway - waiting for cars *
dialog: to pass.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Paul used to pee in it.
speaker_heading: YARA
text: Disgusting.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 126
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not really. Whatever. There’s
dialog: chlorine.
text: Jay glances back towards her house...
text: On the roof, she sees the naked, wrinkled man with red hair
text: standing on the edge - staring at her. He's fully upright,
text: shoulders out, standing on the roof. He doesn't move. He
text: just watches her.
text: Jay holds her breath in fear.
text: Paul pulls into the street and puts the car in drive.
text: Jay's view shifts as the car lurches around - rides the bump
dialog: of the soft curb.
text: Paul accelerates and guides the car down the street.
text: Jay turns away and stares ahead - tears in her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. JAY'S CAR - DAY 127
text: We speed along Interstate 75 - going south. We see only the
text: road racing towards us - scenery changing.
text: The hum of the car engine.
text: Deeper and deeper into the city we drive.
text: Passing exit signs for mile roads. Ducking under rotting
text: overpasses.
text: Broken buildings wave from the edge of the expressway. Gutted
text: plants momentarily block out the harsh sun.
text: Dangerous streets and alleyways loom along their path.
text: The camera slowly rotates around, pointing back through the
text: front windshield - revealing Paul behind the wheel. Jay sits
text: in the passenger seat. Kelly and Yara are in the back. The
text: kids are solemn and quiet. The hum of the road is hypnotizing
dialog: - tiring.
text: They sit in silence as they drive on.
scene_heading: EXT. DETROIT STREET - DUSK 128
text: Storefronts, boarded houses, rotting factories and empty lots
text: fill the frame.
text: Jay's car is parked along a fence near a boarded store-front.
text: We move through the poor neighborhood - slowly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 128
text: Jay and the girls follow Paul - looking out at the half empty
dialog: neighborhood.
text: Paul carries a large duffle bag over his shoulder - a small
text: television in hand. The girls have backpacks. Yara lugs an old
dialog: boom-box.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: When I was a little girl my parents
dialog: told me I wasn't allowed to go south
dialog: of 8 mile. I didn't even understand
dialog: what that meant. It wasn't until I
dialog: got a little older that I realized
dialog: that was where the city started and
dialog: the suburbs ended. I started thinking
dialog: how weird and shitty that was. I had
dialog: to ask permission to go to the state
dialog: fair with my best friend and her
dialog: parents just because it was a few
text: blocks past the border.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: My parents said the same thing to me.
text: Everything is bare - revealed in the fading sunlight. A few
text: young men hang-out on the street. They watch the kids as they
dialog: pass.
text: A homeless man shuffles closer.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD POOL BUILDING - NIGHT 129
text: Small figures in the darkness, Jay and her friends walk up to
text: a large stone structure at the edge of an inner-city
dialog: neighborhood.
text: Paul pulls open a loose window and begins to crawl inside.
scene_heading: INT. OLD POOL BUILDING - NIGHT 130
text: The gang steps into a large indoor pool room. An enormous and
text: ornate ceiling frames the giant swimming pool spanning the
text: length of the building. It’s dark except for a few dim pool
text: lights and the glow from the upper story windows.
text: Water reflections cross Jay’s face as she steps to the
text: poolside - kneeling down along the tile in her shorts and t-
text: shirt - bedclothes for a warm night.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How long do you think it will be?
text: Jay shakes her head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: 132A
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 130
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I don't know. Hours I bet.
text: Jay dips her hand into the water and looks deeply through the
text: walls of the room - beyond the water and the brick.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's been a long time since we were
dialog: here together.
text: Jay nods her head, splashing the water gently.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You kissed me right over there... I
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Is that how you remember it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Uh huh.
text: Jay raises her brow - a sad smile on her face.
text: Across the way, Kelly and Yara stretch out in the shifting
text: shadows of the pool.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY - NIGHT 131
text: Rain clouds fill the skyline, changing the nature of the
text: moonlit city.
scene_heading: INT. OLD POOL BUILDING - NIGHT 132
text: Paul pulls household irons, curlers and a radio from his
text: duffle bag - rolls of extensions cords.
text: Jay empties her backpack onto the ground. Yara places a small
text: television near the edge of the pool.
text: The girls string electrical cords across doorways, and under
text: chairs toward the water.
text: Plugging in tattered cords to dusty outlets.
text: Along the edge of the room, Paul digs through a utility closet
text: - unearthing an old space heater.
scene_heading: INT. OLD POOL BUILDING - NIGHT 132A
text: Extension cords stretch and snake across the tile floor - all
text: leading to various small appliances placed precariously along
text: the edges of the pool. Irons, curlers, radios and a tv - all
text: turned on. Quiet static and heat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 132A
speaker_heading: 132B
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: 133A
dialog: 134
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 132A
text: Jay sits, scanning the area, waiting for it. Eyes steady on
dialog: the entrance.
text: Yara stands further back - arms crossed - scuffing her shoes
text: nervously along the ground. She looks over at Jay with
text: sympathetic eyes.
text: Paul sits quietly. Kelly paces near the windows.
text: Jay stares down at the ground, moving her fingers across the
text: grout and the tile.
text: They wait.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 132B
scene_heading: EXT. OLD POOL BUILDING - NIGHT 133
text: We see the old building. Static. Quiet.
text: Thunder rumbles in the distance.
text: Lightning strikes beyond the tree-line - small wiry lines of
text: light in the ink-washed sky.
text: A few drops of rain begin to fall. Gentle on the concrete.
text: Calm like the sound of waves.
scene_heading: INT. OLD POOL BUILDING - NIGHT 133A
text: Now wearing her bathing suit - Jay climbs slowly down the
text: ladder into the pool. Adjusting to the feel of water in
dialog: darkness.
text: Alone in this large body of water. Her friends watching from
dialog: the edges.
text: The sound of rainfall on windows - mixed with the gentle slosh
dialog: and tapping of pool water.
text: Lightning strikes in the distance. A faint flash inside.
text: Jay stands alone in the center of the pool, looking around at
text: the flickering shadows along the walls. Vulnerable.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD POOL BUILDING - NIGHT 134
text: We see rain drops falling in an off-rhythm pattern against the
text: metal fence. The doors to the building are visible in the
dialog: background.
text: The rain begins to pour. Picking up pace. Rattling softly
text: into the wild grass along the edge of the building.
text: We see various angles of increasing rainfall.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 134A OMITTED 134A
speaker_heading: 135 OMITTED 135
scene_heading: 136 INT. OLD POOL BUILDING - NIGHT 136
text: Jay waits, alone in the pool - focused on the main entrance.
text: Everyone is silent. She listens to the sounds of rain... and
text: the soft clatter of unseen machinery. Air ducts and pool pumps
text: reverberate.
text: Jay scans the doorways - turning lightly within the water.
text: Watching. Tense.
text: Shadows flicker along the walls. The reflections of water
dialog: against stone.
text: The camera pans across the giant space. The teenagers pose
text: like figures within a grander painting. Positions have
dialog: shifted minimally.
text: Kelly sits near the pool’s edge - leaning back on her hands -
text: palms flat against the cold and wet tile.
text: Rain falls against one of the high windows - through which
text: outside light enters - creating descending drops of shadow
text: across the room.
text: Paul leans against the side wall - watching - rubbing his
text: injured side casually over his t-shirt.
text: Across the way, Yara rests in one of the metal folding chairs,
text: chewing on licorice - a foot tucked under a leg.
text: Kelly looks to her sister, alone in the pool as she turns and
text: pivots. Seeing her older sister - afraid in this dark room -
text: Kelly tries to hold in her sadness.
text: Positioned behind Kelly, we watch Jay from a distance as she
text: stares into the emptiness - waiting for something to enter.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Oh my God.
text: Jay looks like she's about to cry. She sees something
text: terrible, although the area appears empty.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: It just walked into the room. It's
dialog: right there.
text: Jay points over to the entrance. We see nothing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 136
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's here?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Right there!
text: Jay points again. Her voice pitches awkwardly. She starts to
dialog: cry.
text: Holding still, we watch the scene from behind Kelly's
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay... what... do you see?
text: Jay just stares ahead, seeing something we do not.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I don’t wanna tell you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Jay, I need you to point at it. Keep
dialog: your finger aimed at it so we can see
dialog: where it is.
text: In a single wide shot - Jay lifts her left hand and aims it
text: across the room - tracking the thing.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is it getting into the water?
speaker_heading: JAY
text: No. It’s just standing there - looking
dialog: at me.
text: Kelly looks to Paul - concerned.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ok... um...
speaker_heading: JAY
text: It’s moving.
text: Jay turns slowly, her arm stretched out, pointing at the
text: invisible thing. - tracking with it around the far corner of
dialog: the pool.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: What’s it doing?
speaker_heading: JAY
text: Walking. Walking closer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 136
text: Jay continues to pivot in the water, stepping back from the
text: edge nearest her invisible pursuer. Creating distance.
text: As Jay points along the pool’s side, Yara steps back
text: cautiously, bumping into some chairs - moving away from IT's
dialog: path.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Paul, I wanna get out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Just wait. Give it a minute.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No, I don’t wanna do this. I just
dialog: wanna get out of the water.
text: Suddenly a metal folding-chair rises six feet in the air. It
text: moves back and then flies into the pool with force - straight
dialog: at Jay.
dialog: Splash!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay!
text: Jay jumps to the side, avoiding the chair as it sinks to the
dialog: bottom. *
text: Water swirls around us as we surface. Jay splashes and lifts
text: her head for air. She sees a NEARLY-NAKED MIDDLE-AGED MAN WITH
text: SALT AND PEPPER HAIR walking along the perimeter of the pool.
text: He’s staring at her, wearing nothing but underwear.
text: The man grabs another chair and throws it at Jay. She dives to
text: the side and dodges it. Falling deeper into the water.
text: Coughing and gasping.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Help!
text: Paul, Kelly and Yara circle the pool, reaching out for Jay -
text: waving for her to swim in their direction. Screaming -
text: shouting.
text: Jay rushes toward the edge. It throws another chair at her - *
text: striking her in the shoulder - causing her to fall below the *
dialog: water. *
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No!
text: Jay surfaces, holding herself in pain. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 136
text: She sees the man pick up a small television - still connected
text: to the outlet by an extension cord. He prepares to throw it -
text: offering her an odd smile.
text: Jay braces herself for a shock, covering her face from the
text: projectile. The tv flies through the air - hurled recklessly.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Jay!!!!
text: The tv misses Jay, but splashes down nearby - pulling with it
text: the slack from the orange extension cord.
text: The outside lights flicker, but there are no sparks. No smoke.
dialog: Jay is ok.
text: She looks back, realizing she’s still alive and breathing.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You OK?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: (smiling with relief)
dialog: It didn’t work.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Thank Godddd.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to Jay))
dialog: Just keep pointing at it!
text: Jay paddles, pointing at the man while crying - trying to
text: catch her breath. Yara and Kelly hover in the background,
text: screaming and shouting for information.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Where is it?!
text: Paul clumsily pulls the pistol from his bag, and runs in the
text: direction that Jay’s pointing. He aims the gun along the edge
text: of the pool walkway. We see no monsters. No strange men.
text: An old set of pink electric curlers fly into the water -
text: kicked by something unseen.
speaker_heading: SPLASH! !
text: Paul fires in the general direction of the curlers - taking a
dialog: guess.
dialog: BANG! !
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 136
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You missed it!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where is it?
text: For an instant we see IT from Jay's POV. The man stares at
text: her, but swings his hand out at Paul, reaching for him with a
text: violent shake and tremor.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Watch out! Don't get too close.
text: The man throws another old appliance into the water, straight
text: at Jay. It misses her as the cord drops below the surface.
text: Yara circles, keeping her distance from the approaching IT.
text: Paul moves back and tries to aim. Once more, we see things
text: from his POV: Jay madly pointing her finger from within the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's there!
text: Paul fires again. Across the pool, the bullet slices into
text: Yara's leg.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: Abhbh.
text: Yara falls onto the ground - unnoticed by everyone.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No! It... missed!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where?! Here?! Here?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No! Right there!
text: Jay swings her hand, trying to direct the weapon by proxy.
text: Paul tries to slowly adjust the direction of his gun.
text: The man grabs a household iron from the edge of the pool.
text: Paul fires. Yara screams in fright.
dialog: BANG!
text: Jay sees the shot connect with the man’s left thumb and index
text: finger - severing them. The flesh flies off and drops into the
text: pool. Blood spouts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 136
text: Kelly pulls an old bed-sheet from her backpack. Gaudy colors,
text: swirling roses and a few large stains.
text: She unfolds the sheet, whipping it across the air. As it
text: drifts down, a stain is visible across the center.
text: With his right hand, the man hurls the iron into the water -
text: hitting Jay’s side below the surface. She crumples. *
text: Paul tries to find a target. *
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where is it?!
text: Moving along the pool’s edge, Kelly flags the sheet outward,
text: letting it drift. It catches on something. She lets go and
text: drops it down. The sheet collects over the moving figure of a
text: man - revealing the thing walking amongst them. A person under
text: an old worn sheet.
text: Yara gasps at the sight of it - shuffling past her.
text: Paul tries to steady his aim. He fires at IT.
dialog: BANG!
text: Jay watches as a shot slices through the man’s head - covered
text: by the old sheet. The bullet emerges from the other side.
text: Blood sprays like vapor - constant and strong.
text: The impact causes the man to stumble forward. The geyser of
text: blood from his head tips with him. He falls into the pool - no
dialog: emotion - no pain.
dialog: SPLASH!!! *
text: The sheet spreads along the surface, dropping down at the
dialog: edges - waterlogged.
text: Jay quickly wades through the water toward Paul, Kelly and
text: Yara - hands outstretched at the side of the pool.
text: Almost there... something pulls Jay below the surface.
text: Underwater - a hand is grasped tightly around Jay’s ankle. She
text: kicks and fights.
text: Gasping for air... there’s only water... Jay thrashes and
dialog: struggles.
text: Snaking extension cords - orange, white and brown - lead down
text: into the depths of the water - anchored by small domestic
text: appliances - a toaster, a television, irons, curlers and metal
text: chairs - dotting the bottom - littering the pool.
dialog: + eH
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (6) 136
text: Kelly and Paul’s POV - they watch as Jay is pulled deeper
text: underwater - kicking and fighting against nothing.
text: Yara wails loudly nearby.
text: Paul raises the gun toward the water.
text: Jay's POV - Jay continues to struggle underwater. The man
text: holds her tightly by the ankle. We watch from a distance, the
text: debris of appliances and wires framing their fight.
text: A bullet trail forms through the water, zipping past Jay and
dialog: the man.
dialog: Then another.
text: A third trail strikes the man in the back, releasing a large
text: swirl of blood. He let’s go of Jay and she swims upward.
text: Paul and Kelly pull Jay from the water, dragging her onto the
text: ground. Coughing and choking, she crawls further along the
text: tile - in terrible pain.
text: Her ankle is covered in a red rash.
text: Jay sits, soaking wet, on the floor, clutching her ankle - her
text: cast hangs limp to her side.
text: A moment of silence. Coughing and crying.
text: Kelly holds tightly to Yara's bleeding leg.
text: We hear the rain on the windows and some thunder claps above.
text: Paul looks down into the clear pool water - seeing only the
text: extension cords and household objects. We don’t see the IT nor
dialog: its blood.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Jay, do you see it? Is it still down
dialog: there?
text: Jay peers over the edge.
text: We watch from above as Jay stares down into the pool. Instead
text: of water, we see only deep red blood. Everything below the
text: surface is obscured by the dense liquid.
text: A pool of blood.
text: As Jay stares in horror, we hear a cacophony of sounds -
text: screeches and sirens - laughter and grunting - a birthing
text: scream - children yelling - her mother’s laughter...
speaker_heading: 136A OMITTED 136A
dialog: 140
speaker_heading: 140A
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S BASEMENT REC ROOM - NIGHT 140
text: A chair is propped against the door.
text: Jay and Paul are laying on the couch - an old blanket covering
dialog: their bodies.
text: Jay looks into his eyes and waits for a sign. He nods his head
text: with love and anticipation.
text: Jay moves on top of him - sitting up, pulling the blanket over
text: herself. They fumble underneath and begin to make love.
text: Paul nervously touches her face. Staring up lovingly.
text: She kisses him - holding her cast to her side.
text: They stare into each others eyes. For the first time they are
dialog: thinking only of each other.
text: A moment of connection through the physical. Rain against the
text: basement window.
text: They move slowly with pleasure.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I feel like I’m hurting you.
text: Paul looks up at her.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You’re not.
text: Jay nods and continues.
text: She pushes harder against him - exhaling - smiling down at
dialog: him.
text: Paul stares at Jay’s face.
text: We watch from across the room now. The quiet basement. A
text: thunderstorm outside. The young lovers on an old couch.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S BASEMENT REC ROOM - NIGHT 140A
text: Wrapped in the blanket, holding each other, Jay and Paul rest.
text: Faces close together. Whispering.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Do you feel any different?
text: Jay shakes her head. No.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 140A CONTINUED: 140A
dialog: 137
dialog: 142
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No.
text: Jay kisses Paul.
scene_heading: INT. JAY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 137
text: Jay lays under her sheets - a cartoon bandaid across her
text: temple - a new cast on her arm. Mrs. Height sits on the edge
text: of the bed, rubbing her back. Softly.
text: On the dresser, we see a glass of wine and an old family
text: portrait. Jay is a young girl. Kelly is a baby. Their
text: mother, young and pretty smiles alongside Jay's father, a
text: middle-aged man with salt and pepper hair. He grins happily
text: into the camera. His smile is identical to the one he offered
text: Jay at the pool.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S CAR - DUSK 142
text: Paul drives through a run-down neighborhood within the inner
text: city. He stares at a row of prostitutes. Tight skirts.
text: Revealing tops.
text: They eye him. Paul watches them as he passes. The women
text: appear to move in slow motion.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 138
text: Jay sits across from Paul in Yara’s hospital room. He lays
text: back in a chair - eyes closed and napping.
text: Yara is eating in bed, as she reads something from her phone.
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: (veading with food in
dialog: her mouth)
dialog: “When there is torture there is pain
dialog: and wounds, physical agony, and all
dialog: this distracts the mind from mental
dialog: suffering, so that one is tormented
text: only by the wounds until the moment of
dialog: death."
text: Yara pauses to take a sip of milk through a straw - noisily
text: she slurps.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 141
speaker_heading: 141A
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: YARA
dialog: (taking a bite of food)
dialog: “The most terrible agony may not be in
dialog: the wounds themselves but in knowing
dialog: for certain that within an hour, then
dialog: within ten minutes, then within half a
dialog: minute, now at this very instant -
dialog: your soul will leave your body and you
dialog: will no longer be a person, and that
dialog: this is certain; the worst thing is
dialog: that it is certain."
text: Jay looks at Paul's handsome face. She tilts her head a bit -
text: watching the young man at rest.
text: Yara takes another large bite of food.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 139
speaker_heading: OMITTED 141
scene_heading: INT. OLD POOL BUILDING - DAY 141A
text: Several groups of inner-city children laugh and play in the
text: clean water of the old pool. The rumble of the sound-track
text: suggests something ominous.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAWN 143
text: Beyond the barren trees of the middle-class suburban
text: neighborhood, the concrete towers of a nuclear power plant are
text: visible in the distance. Smoke rises.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - NIGHT 144
text: Blue light from distant lamps shines a cold glow over the
text: empty park. The trees are now barren.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - DAY 145
text: Dead but colorful leaves cover the ground. We move forward
text: along the sidewalk.
text: Up ahead, a man rakes his front yard. A few children build a
text: fort out of the fallen leaves. Lines of red and orange across
dialog: the grass.
text: Jay and Paul hold hands as they walk together through the
text: neighborhood. The cast is gone.
text: Far behind them, a teenager in a coat marches slowly along the
text: edge of the road.
text: Jay smiles to Paul and he smiles back. They stare out at the
text: autumnal suburbia - pretty and clean.
dialog: 
