scene_heading: Jarhead by Sill Ero: eS FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. LE -"AT - DAY
text: We see pattern, a study in planes and shapes: not discrete
text: volumes but a shimmering, almost liquid mass, elusive.
text: And with the shape there is a glare, a whiteness, the play of
text: light on sand, reflected to sky and back again. It could be
text: clouds, could be earth, feels somewhere in between. Then
text: with full sunrise it separates into sharp clarity: the desert
text: prism, aching blue sky, a palette of whiteness beneath. We
text: hear the voice of ANTHONY SWOFFORD (SWOFF)-
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.)
text: I leok at the sky, blue like no
dialog: blue I've known before, and at the
dialog: desert that will not stop.
text: There is a vastness to it, an endlessness, and a hostility
dialog: too. Man was not meant to linger long here.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: This is the pain of the landscape,
dialog: worse than the heat, worse than the
dialog: flies--there is no getting out of
text: the land. The desert is everywhere.
text: The mirage is everywhere. Awake,
text: asleep. High heat of the afternoon
dialog: or the few soft sunless hours of
dialog: early morning...
text: And the glare shifts and shines in our eyes.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: I am still in the desert.
dialog: We go to BLACK.
scene_heading: TITLE: JARHEAD
scene_heading: INT. BOOT CAMP BARRACKS ~- NIGHT
text: A cramped, low-ceiling barracks room. Low lights, bunks with
text: footlockers, a few plastic chairs agains the wall.
text: In his immaculate uniform and Smoky the Bear hat, DRILL
text: INSTRUCTOR BURKE struts back and forth in front of recruits
text: doing squat thrusts. We see SWOFF {17) struggling to do his
text: squat thrusts. He .s physically strong but with a look of
text: slight panic; as :f he nas finally achieved a dream and found
dialog: it very different from what he expected.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/26/94
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: cf
text: 5.1. Burke points at THREE RECRUITS lined up to one side,
dialog: +1xe outcasts.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE
dialog: i know these three cum receptacles
dialog: aren‘t the only ones who've lied to
dialog: my Marine Corps. If it‘s drugs
dialog: we‘ll find it. If you’re a puffer
dialog: we'll catch you ass-dorking in the
dialog: shower. Or we’ll find the cock
dialog: Magazine under your rack. You're
dialog: not faggots, are you? Your faggot
dialog: bus to Hollywood left ten minutes
dialog: ago.
text: Some recruits give each other the eye, but Burke’s challenge
text: is greeted by silence.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE (cont'd)
dialog: Okay, don’t help me out here. I'll
dialog: figure it out for myself.
dialog: (wheels on Swoff)
dialog: You, Swofford. Those sure are
dialog: pretty blue eyes. You sure you
dialog: ain't a homo? I know you lied.
dialog: Each and every one of you. Push-
dialog: ups till Jesus comes again!
text: The exhausted recruits switch to push-ups, and Burke switches
text: to Mr. Nice Guy, the recruit’s best friend.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE (cont‘d@)
dialog: Now girls, what I'm doing here is,
dialog: I'm giving you an option. Tell me
dialog: now, if it’s nothing major we
dialog: forget about it. Hell, we’re not
dialog: talking murder one here. Chicken
dialog: shit stuff. Like wetting your bed.
dialog: Faking your high school diploma.
dialog: Like...
dialog: (to one of the three)
dialog: What did you do again, cum face?
speaker_heading: FIRST RECRUIT
dialog: Sex with a minor, sir.
text: Swoff and the others are getting really tired.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
speaker_heading: DI BURKE
dialog: Like fucking teenace sussy.
dialog: tell me now, ‘cause once ycou’re in
dialog: the Fleet and they find out you
dialog: lied on your contract they’ll slam
dialog: you in the brig. And I guaran-
dialog: fucking-tee you don’t want to he
dialog: there.
dialog: (so sweetly)
dialog: Come on, do yourself a favor.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sir, the recruit will admit
dialog: something, Sir.
dialog: What a relief: he can rest.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE
dialog: Did I tell you to stop?
text: Swoff resumes his push-ups, with great effort.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: The recruit will admit to
dialog: occasional recreational drug use,
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE
dialog: {neutral)
dialog: I’m listening.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I tried cocaine once.
dialog: Push-up.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont’d)
dialog: Marijuana, twice.
dialog: Push-up.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont'd)
dialog: LSD. Twice.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE
dialog: (enraged new)
dialog: Get over here, you cum-sucker!
text: Swoff stands up with the three outcast recruits. The DI‘s
text: Smoky the Bear hat Jabs into Swoff's face.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DI BURKE (cont'd)
dialog: You fuck-for-brains. You no pecker.
dialog: You lily-white b.- 0!
dialog: {a gimlet eye on Swoff)
dialog: You look like the kind of dim wit
dialog: that reads books. Am I right?
speaker_heading: SWCFF
dialog: The recruit has read a book or two,
dialog: Drill Instructor.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE
dialog: Fucking A! A genius. You‘ll be my
dialog: scribe.
text: DI Burke motions him to a large blackboard nearby. Burke
text: holds up a photocopy of the footlocker display.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE (cont'd)
dialog: You girls see this? It is how each
dialog: and every one of you will have your
dialog: perfect footlocker in my perfect
dialog: fucking Marine Corps.
dialog: {to Swoff)
dialog: You draw this up. I want a
text: Michelangelo on this blackboard.
dialog: A fucking Michelangelo.
scene_heading: INT. BOOT CAMP BARRACKS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sweating and nervous, Swoff desperately tries to draw the
text: footlocker on the blackboard. In the b.g. Burke runs the
text: other recruits around the squad bay backwards, shouting
text: cadence. They stumble and fall all over themselves.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: Like most good Marines, I hated the
dialog: Corps. I hated being a marine
dialog: because more than all of the things
dialog: in the world I wanted to be--smart,
dialog: famous, sexy, drunk, fucked, high,
dialog: alone, understocd, loved, forgiven--
dialog: more than all of those things, 1
text: was a marine. A grunt. A jarhead.
text: We are close on Swoff as he tries to draw.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE (0.C.)
dialog: Platocn! Halt!
text: Swotf draws with even more desperation. We hear Burke
text: approaching.
dialog: Revised lst Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DI BURKE (cont‘d)
dialog: Wrat in the fuck is this?
dialog: 
text: He stares at the drawing, a complete mess.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (voice breaking from the
dialog: tension)
dialog: Sir, it’s the recruit’s drawing of
dialog: the footlocker, Sir.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE
dialog: Jesus, Joseph and doggie-style
text: Mary, that looks like a pile of dog
dialog: shit. My two-year-old daughter can
dialog: draw better than that.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sir, the recruit has never been
dialog: good at drawing, Sir.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE
dialog: Why the fuck are you my scribe
dialog: then? Isn’t my scribe supposed to
dialog: know how to draw?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sir, the recruit doesn’t know. The
dialog: C recruit thought the scribe was
dialog: supposed to write, Sir.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE
dialog: Of course the recruit doesn’t know.
dialog: The recruit doesn’t know because I
dialog: haven't told him. And don't
dialog: fucking tell me what my shithead
dialog: scribe is supposed to do. You're
dialog: my shithead scribe because someone
dialog: fucked up. You should be in the
text: retard platoon, learning to draw
dialog: with crayons and throwing your shit
text: on the bulkheads.
text: Burke looks at the drawing on the blackboard.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE (cont‘d)
dialog: Alright cum-for-brains, where
dialog: exactly do your skivvies and
dialog: running shoes go?
text: Swoff looks at the drawing, tries to decipher it as Burke
text: keeps slapping him cn the back of the head.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: ws
dialog: ir,--
dialog: (Slap)
dialog: --the recruit--
dialog: {Slap)
dialog: ~-can’t read while--
dialog: (Slap)
dialog: --the Drill Instructor--
dialog: (Slap)
dialog: --is hitting--
dialog: (Slap)
dialog: -~-his head.
speaker_heading: DI BURKE
dialog: You can’t read while I‘m giving you
dialog: leve taps? How the fuck are you
dialog: going to fire your rifle when
dialog: grenades are going off in your
dialog: face?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What the fuck are you even doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I got lost on the way to college.
text: Bang! Burke hits Swoff one more time, really hard, slamming
text: Swofti’s face into the blackboard.
text: FREEZE FRAME: Swoff‘s head smashed into blackboard.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont‘d)
dialog: I couldn’t not be there, that was
dialog: the truth.
text: A QUICK SUCCESSION OF VIGNETTES
scene_heading: EXT. HAWALI~-DAY
speaker_heading: SWCFF (V.C.)
dialog: After all, I was made in a war.
text: Through the open dcocr of a hotel room we see a couple making
dialog: love.
speaker_heading: SWCFF (V.0.) (cont ‘d)
dialog: Here’s Mr. and Mrs. Swofford, on
dialog: R&R from Vietnam.
text: Cutside the window, palm trees sway in the breeze.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOFF ‘V.0.) (cont‘d}
dialog: I can't watch, and neither can you.
text: The door closes on us.
scene_heading: EXT. BEIRUT--ON TV
text: A TV screen. Bloody marines are pulled from the rubble in
text: Beirut. BOY SWOFF (14) watches with his MOM and DAD.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: Beirut, October 23, 1983. 220
text: marines killed by a single suicide
dialog: bomber.
text: Full of emotion, the Boy Swoff stands up and begins to sing.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont‘d)
dialog: “From the halls of Montezuma to the
dialog: shores of--"
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Can it. I’m trying to watch this.
scene_heading: INT. SWOFFORD HOUSE--NIGHT
text: Mom is ironing while Boy Swoff, haked to his skinny waist,
dialog: watches.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.)
dialog: So I made my mother iron my future
text: onto my chest.
text: Mom holds up the T-shirt, with a USMC emblem ironed on. She
text: has a look of motherly concern. Boy Swoff's eyes light up.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont‘d)
dialog: And there were other reasons, too.
scene_heading: SWOFF’S BEDROOM--NIGHT
text: Swoff(now 17) makes love up against the wail with his girl-
text: friend KRISTINA(18). She is more sensual than beautiful:
text: every teen-aged boy's fantasy.
speaker_heading: KRISTINA
dialog: Oh God I love ycu.
speaker_heading: SWOFE
dialog: I love you tes.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: }
text: She stares at him with teen-aged devotion.
speaker_heading: KRISTINA
dialog: I'll write you every day.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD BAY - RETURN TO SCENE - FREEZE FRAME
text: Swoff‘s face is still plastered to the blackboard.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: But right now I wanted the DI to
dialog: beat me up more. I wanted him to
dialog: beat the living shit out of me.
dialog: Then maybe I would fail. Then maybe
dialog: I would get out.
text: BACK TO REAL TIME.
text: Boom! He hits the floor.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS DUTY SCHOOL - DAY
text: CAPTAIN CURTIS is speaking, sitting at his desk.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CURTIS
text: Swofford. In its wisdom, the Fleet
dialog: Marine Force has requested that I
dialog: transfer two of my men from
dialog: Barracks and Embassy Duty to a
dialog: grunt battalion. You’re going to be
text: one of them.
text: We PULL BACK to reveal Swoff, in full dress blue uniform,
text: with white gloves.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sir, the private has a contract for
dialog: barracks duty. Paris, France.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CURTIS
dialog: Shit on your contract.
text: Swoff can’t believe the Captain said that.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sir?
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CURTIS
dialog: 2 said shit on your centract. This
dialog: is the Marine Corps, not law
dialog: fucking school. You believed zhe
dialog: bullshit the recruiter told you.
dialog: that’s not my fucking problem.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Michaels. You know why I'm sending
dialog: Michaels?
speaker_heading: SWOPE
dialog: Sir, no Sir.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CURTIS
dialog: Because he’s been trying to get out
dialog: of my Marine Corps by pretending to
dialog: be a retard. He came in here
text: dressed in a pink fucking bolo and
dialog: jacked off on my desk. Do you
dialog: think the American Ambassador in
dialog: Paris is going to want some
text: jarhead's jizm all over his desk?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Probably not, Sir.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CURTIS
dialog: Fucking A’ he wouldn‘t.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: But, why me Sir?
text: Captain Curtis pulls out a folder.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CURTIS
dialog: Because you are a drug addict.
dialog: (taps the file)
dialog: Says so right here. We can’t send
dialog: you to Paris. The fucking frogs'd
dialog: think that’s what the Marine Corps
dialog: was, a bunch of drug addicts.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sir, the private is not a drug
dialog: add: Re only experimented or
dialog: or twice. He has not taken dr
dialog: in two years.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CURTIS
dialog: This is your lucky day, Swofford.
dialog: ™ giving you a shot at becoming a
dialog: real Marine, not some dress-up
dialog: doll. Sismissed.
dialog: 
scene_heading: Revised 1 Drafz - 4/20/06
dialog: 
dialog: 10
text: Swoff stares at him, desperate. Then, suddenly:
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: You cum-sucking, dick-skinning,
dialog: fuck-for-brains, no-pecker ass-
dialog: hole: You want to see where you can
dialog: stick your fucking orders?
text: He drops his trousers, and moons the captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CURTIS
dialog: {looking up from papers)
dialog: I said dismissed.
text: Back to what Swoff really does. He stands there, in full
text: uniform, exactly as he was.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Thank you sir.
scene_heading: INT. BUS--DAY
text: Swoff is on a bus with other Marines, on his way to Camp
text: Pendleton. He’s staring out the window.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
text: Underwear were skivvies, a hat was
text: a cover, hands were dickskinners, a
dialog: mouth was a cum receptacle, a
text: flashlight was a moonbeam, a bed
text: was a rack, a shirt was a blouse. A
text: tie was still a tie, and a belt a
dialog: belt...
text: The bus pulls into the gate at Pendleton
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: ++-but many other things would
dialog: never be the same.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP PENDLETON - DAY
text: Swoff steps off the bus. We are CLOSE on his face.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (soft, to himself}
dialog: Holy shit.
text: We see what he sees: facing him is a formation of terrifying
text: Marines, face paint and special weapons.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 11
text: They stand very still, their eves focused far away in that
text: thousand-yard stare. This is in ct a SNIPER SCUAD, but
dialog: neither we nor Swoff know it yet.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. JOHN - CAMP PENDLETON ~ DAY
text: Reading The Myth of Sisyphus, Swoff sits on the john. He
text: unwraps some Ex-Lax gum, jams it into his mouth, chews, his
text: eyes on the book. He unwraps another package, jams it in.
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY - CAMP PENDLETON - SAME
text: In a hospital gown, Swoff emerges from the toilet. We hear
text: the sound of it flushing. He slowly walks back to his bed,
text: passing the nurse as he goes.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Still got that “stomach flu”
dialog: Swofford?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Can't seem to shake it.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE THEATRE - CAMP PENDLETON - DAY
text: In his hospital gown with a robe on, Swoff mounts letters on
text: the movie marquee.
text: He stands back to admire his handiwork. On the marquee we see
text: “FUCK IT” above “SHOWING ALL DAY”.
scene_heading: INT. 7TH MARINE HEADQUARTERS - CAMP PENDLETON ~ DAY
text: Swoff snaps to attention, shouting in his best boot camp
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Private Swofford! Reporting for
dialog: duty, Sergeant!
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: Jesus, don’t yell, I’m sitting
dialog: right here. This isn’t boot camp.
text: STAFF SERGEANT FULLER, his chest festooned with ribbons,
text: looks over Swoff’s papers. Laconic but with a falcon’s hard
dialog: eye, he’s been in almost 30 years and has seen it all.
dialog: Revised ist Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: SERGEANT FULLER (cont ‘d)
dialog: You the pissant who tried to get
dialog: out of -he United States Marine
dialog: Corps with ex-fucking-lLax?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Uh, no Sergeant. Constipation. I
text: over-medicated.
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: Sure you did.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Says here your old man was in Viet
dialog: Nam.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Yes, Sergeant. The Air Force. He
dialog: built hot runways.
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: The fucking Air Farce. He ever tell
dialog: you about it? Did he live?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Yes, he lived. He only talked about
dialog: it once.
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: If he only talked about it once, he
dialog: wasn't lying.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So what would he say if he knew his
dialog: son was a fucking coward?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He wouldn’t like it, Sergeant.
text: Sergeant Fuller considers Swoff, as if trying to decide what
dialog: to do with him.
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: You play any instruments?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I played the trumpet in third
dialog: grade, Sergeant.
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: Trumpet? Can you still play?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Maybe, Serceant.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: Maybe my ass.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I‘m going to help you out. Get you
dialog: a nice soft job. You won't have to
text: carry a rifle, just a sidearm and
dialog: bugle. Light duty twice a day,
dialog: sunrise and sunset. You might be
dialog: interested in that, huh?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I might be, Sergeant.
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: You're not as dumb as you look. I
dialog: need a bugler. Someone to blow
text: taps and reveille and the battle
dialog: march. Raise morale, that kind of
dialog: shit.
text: Ah, he's saved. Swoff tries to hide his elation. Sergeant
text: Fuller looks away. He's done with Swoff.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT FULLER (cont'd)
dialog: Stow your gear in the rec room,
dialog: meet me at the flagpole at 0900 for
dialog: battalion formation and bugle
dialog: tryout.
scene_heading: EXT. FLAGPOLE - CAMP PENDLETON - DAY
text: Sergeant Fuller waits, looking even more world weary. Swoff
text: approaches, eager to get started with his cushy new job.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Private Swofford reporting for
dialog: bugle tryout, Staff Sergeant.
text: Sergeant Fuller does not have a bugle. He ignores Swoff. His
text: eyes are on the battalion, pouring out onto the parade deck
text: behind him. We hear shouts, commands, troops line up.
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: Okay. Let me hear you play
dialog: reveille.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Play reveille goddamnit!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOF
dialog: Sergeant, I don‘t have a bugle.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: Play it with your goddamn mouth.
text: Sergeant Fuller makes bugle sounds. Ba-bu-da-da-da-da.
text: Swoff begins to make the sounds with his lips. Sergeant
text: Fuller pulls out a kazoo.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT FULLER(cont'd)
dialog: Here. Now play "Twinkle, Twinkle
dialog: Little Star.”
text: Swoff takes the kazoo and tries to play “Twinkle, .Twinkle
text: Little Star.” Sergeant Fuller watches impassively. In the
text: gathered formation marines begin to laugh.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT FULLER (cont'd)
dialog: Stop, stop, stop. Jesus.
text: Swoff lowers the kazoo.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT FULLER (cont'd)
dialog: There isn’t a bugle job, you
dialog: fucking moron.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sir?
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: (looks Swoff in the eye)
dialog: You fuck us, we fuck you right
dialog: back.
text: Swoff can't help but smile.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT FULLER (cont’d}
dialog: God help me, I don’t know why, but
dialog: I like you Swofford. You are a
dialog: killer, not a goddamn bugle player.
dialog: Whether you know it or not, you are
dialog: a goddamn Marine Corps grunt. You
dialog: are the most savage, the meanest,
dialog: the crudest, the most unforgiving
text: creature in god's cruel kingdom.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (not convinced)
dialog: Aye-aye, Sergeant.
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: I'm putting you in third platoon.
dialog: Golf Company. Third’s full of
text: drunks and halfwits.
speaker_heading: {MORE}
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: ay
speaker_heading: SERGEANT FULLER (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe you could elevate the sons of
dialog: bitches a bit.
speaker_heading: SWwOF?
dialog: Thanks, Sergeant.
scene_heading: SERGEANT FULLER
dialog: Don‘t thank me, just con’t fucking
dialog: die.
scene_heading: INT, GOLF COMPANY - CAMP PENDLETON - DAY
text: Swoff enters a crowded room. Some drunken, tough-looking
text: Marines are gathered around an unmade rack. THE BRANDED
text: MARINE holds up his trouser leg as THE BRANDING MARINE uses a
text: propane torch to heat WIRE COAT HANGERS bent to form the
text: letters USMC.
text: The Marines look over at Swoff. The hangers pulse red hot.
text: The Branding Marine shoves the four-letter contraption
text: against the Branded Marine's outer calf. The Branded Marine
text: bites his fist until his teeth break skin and blood flows
text: down his arm. Tears stream from his eyes. Marines yell
text: encouragement. The Branding Marine sees Swoff, watching in
dialog: horror.
scene_heading: BRANDING MARINE
dialog: Hey, Fucko is here.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I need some fresh fucking meat!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Get him! Get the boot
dialog: motherfucker!
text: Marines pile on top of Swoff, yelling and laughing. They
text: bind Swoff’s hands behind his back with an electrical
text: extension cord and jam dirty underwear into his mouth.
scene_heading: BRANDING MARINE
dialog: Next!!
text: Swoff stares as the Marine with the propane torch reheats the
text: hangers. They pull up Swoff‘s trouser leg, exposing the
text: white skin of his calf.
speaker_heading: BRANDED MARINE
dialog: Get some!
text: Swoff struggles as the red hot USMC wire advances toward his
text: flesh. Marines yell encouragement: “Barbecue!” "Get the
dialog: sauce, boys!”
scene_heading: ReviseG ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: av
text: CLOSE on Swoff's face. Sweat pours off his forehead, his eyes
text: look like a hunted animal's. The coat hanger descends.
text: Swoff‘s eyes roll back in his head. fie passes out.
scene_heading: INT. GOLF COMPANY - CAMP PENDLETON - NIGHT
text: A large Hawaiian marine (GRAYCOCHEA) slowly unties Swoff,
text: pulls the gag out. We recognize him as one of the guys
text: holding Swoff down as he was branded.
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCKEA
dialog: Here, drink this.
text: He offers Swoff a glass of orange foul-looking stuff. Swoff
text: takes a long drink, chokes.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCHEA
dialog: Gin and Gatorade. You can hydrate
text: and catch a drunk at the same time.
text: Swoff slowly moves his hand down his branded leg, his eyes
text: following it. There’s no wound. Nothing. Swoff looks up,
text: not comprehending.
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCHEA (cont'd)
dialog: We switched out the hot brand. It's
dialog: a little fuck fuck trick we play on
dialog: the new guys. That guy we branded,
dialog: he spent six months in Honduras on
dialog: patrol and all he ate was cocoa and
text: rehydrated pears. In the PI he paid
text: a jeepney driver a hundred bucks to
text: drive through the gate at Subic
text: Bay, while he fucked a bar girl
text: doggie-style on the hood. And he
dialog: and the whore were both wearing gas
dialog: Masks. That‘s the kind of stuff
dialog: you've got to pull to get a brand.
text: Graycochea pours gin into another glass of orange Gatorade
text: and takes a drink himself. Swoff is speechless, still trying
dialog: to absorb what happened.
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCHEA (cont'd)
dialog: Wanna see a picture of my girl?
text: He doesn't wait for Swoff to answer. He reaches over to his
text: rack and picks up a picture of a Hawaiian girl who may be as
dialog: big as Graycochea nimse-f.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: af
text: Swoff stares at the picture. Graycochea waits for him to say
dialog: somethina.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: She‘s beautiful.
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCHEA
dialog: When I get back, I‘m going home to
text: the islands, going to crawl into
dialog: bed with her and never get out.
text: He rubs the picture with his fingers, like a totem.
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCHEA (cont‘d)
dialog: What's your girlfriend's name?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Kristina.
text: Graycochea waits, expecting something.
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCHEA
dialog: Well?
text: He taps the picture of his girlfriend. Where’s yours?
speaker_heading: : SWOFF
dialog: Right.
text: Swoff fishes out a photograph of Kristina. She's wearing his
text: old T-shirt with the USMC emblem on it, and nothing else.
text: Swoff stares at her with a mixture of pride and desire. Very
text: reluctantly, he passes the photo to Graycochea.
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCHEA
dialog: Nice.
dialog: (beat; re: Kristina)
dialog: Skinny.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You love her?
text: Swoff stares at the picture. His answer comes without
dialog: hesitation.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Yes. Oh yes.
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCHEA
dialog: Fuck it. Welcome to the suck.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know why we call it the suck?
dialog: (peat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Revised ist Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCHEA (cont'd)
dialog: Because it sucks dick to be in it,
dialog: and when you’re in it, it sucks the
dialog: fucking life out of you.
text: We are on Swoff's face: the fake branding, Graycochea’s
text: presence, Kristina’s picture.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (0.S.)
dialog: What the fuck is this? A bunch of
dialog: bananas?
scene_heading: EXT. OKINAWA - DAY
scene_heading: ON SCREEN SEE: NORTHERN TRAINING AREA, OKINAWA.
text: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS, arms akimbo, his face wreathed in
text: Mist watches Swoff and Graycochea as they move forward in the
text: jungle. They have on full packs, helmets, rifles--complete
text: battle gear. Hiers is a kind of profane Marine intellectual;
text: full of wisdom that is more often wasted than not.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS
text: Spread out. One grenade would
dialog: waste you all.
text: They start to spread out and bump into each other.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cont'd)
dialog: Goddamnit! I’ve never seen a bigger
dialog: cluster fuck in my life. Take
dialog: five.
text: Swoff, Graycochea and the other Marines drop their packs by
text: an old World War 2 bunker, a sweeping curve of concrete with
text: huge chunks taken out of it.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cont'd)
dialog: Any one of you no-clue’s know where
dialog: we are?
speaker_heading: GRAYCOCHEA
dialog: Okinawa, Gunny Hiers?
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS
text: Sugar Loaf Hill. May 17, 1945, a
dialog: thousand Marines died here. Your
text: ass is sitting on their fucking
dialog: bones.
text: That sinks in on Swoff and the others. They shift their
text: weight uncomfortably.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cont‘d)
dialog: Why did they die, anybody know?
speaker_heading: STUPID MARINE
dialog: For their country, Gunny Hiers: To
dialog: beat the Japs.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HTERS
dialog: Fuck that! They died because they
dialog: bunched up. Pay attention. I've
dialog: been in the Suck since Christ was a
dialog: corporal. I’m going to tell you
dialog: numb-nuts something that is true.
dialog: And precious few things are. What
dialog: is the most powerful fucking weapon
dialog: in the Marine Corps arsenal?
speaker_heading: STUPID MARINE
dialog: The A-Bomb?
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS
dialog: Not the “A-Bomb,” dick-head.
text: Gunnery Sergeant Hiers points to his head.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cont’d)
dialog: Your brain. News flash: You all
dialog: have one, even if most of you
dialog: haven‘t found the fucking switch
dialog: yet. Your brain is what will make
dialog: you a warrior, nothing else. You
dialog: don’t want to kill another human
dialog: being. No sane person does. So you
dialog: must train your brain to have
dialog: righteous fucking anger...
dialog: az
text: Swoff is listening now. This guy actually knows his shit, for
text: the first time in the Corps Swoff is starting to think that
dialog: maybe he could learn something.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cont‘d)
dialog: .-.so that you can pull the trigger
dialog: before the other guy does. So that
dialog: you can beat his brains out with
dialog: the butt of your rifle before he
dialog: gut-stabs you with his bayonet.
text: Swoff isn’t sure what to think. A few laugh nervously.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZV
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cort‘d)
dialog: Go ahead, laugh. Fur you use your
dialog: fucking brain cr wi... is going to
dialog: happen? Look the fuck around! Loox
dialog: where you are!
text: There's a moment of silence. Swoff looks around. Stupid
text: Marine raises his hand.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cont'd)
dialog: Jesus, speak up, this isn’t high
dialog: school,
speaker_heading: STUPID MARINE
dialog: (with enthusiasm)
dialog: One day we'll be sitting on our own
dialog: fucking bones?
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS
dialog: That's one fucking way to put it.
text: Swoff can’t help but smile.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cont’d)
dialog: Fuck it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The smoking lamp is lit. If you've
dialog: got ’em, smoke ‘em, or chew ‘em, I
dialog: don‘t give a shit. ‘
text: A couple of Marines pull out cigarettes. A few others pull
text: out cans of chewing tobacco and stuff it into their mouths.
text: Swoff and Graycochea do neither.
speaker_heading: WEAK MARINE
dialog: What a crock of shit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can‘t walk another fucking step.
text: Swoff looks over at a WEAK MARINE who is breathing hard,
dialog: barely making it. What an ass hole.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Here. Give me your mortar rounds.
text: Swoff reaches over and begins unstrapping the mortar rounds
text: from the Weak Marine‘s pack.
speaker_heading: WEAK MARINE
dialog: I'm going to find a hole and fall
dialog: in it, break my fucxing leg, swear
dialog: to God.
dialog: 
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Shut the fuck up-
scene_heading: EXT. OKINAWA - DAY - LATER
text: Swoff's pack is twice as big as it was. They are humping
text: along the edge of a cliff.
text: The cliff narrows. Suddenly Swoff slips. His hands try to
text: grab for purchase, but he can't. He’s over the side!
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF - OKINAWA - SAME
text: Swoff tumbles, slides and falls. Holy shit. The cliff is
speaker_heading: HIGH.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTTOM CF CLIFF - OKINAWA - CONTINUOUS
text: Woomph. Swoff lands on his back, the pack cushioning his
text: fall. For a moment his eyes open and then, with a groan, they
dialog: close.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTTOM OF CLIFF - OKINAWA - MOMENTS LATER
text: The CORPSMAN waves some smelling salts under Swoff’s nose as
text: he feels Swoff and shouts out his vitals.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS
dialog: {to Corpsman)
dialog: Can it, Jesus! Swofford, you
dialog: alive?
text: Swoff's eyes come barely open. He manages a nod.
scene_heading: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cont’d)
dialog: Then what the fuck are you doing
dialog: lying on the deck?
text: There is something like respect in the old Gunny’s eyes.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN - OKINAWA - DAY
text: Still sore from his fall, Swoff gently lowers himself onto
text: the john. We glimpse br es and scrapes on his back. He
text: pulls out Death on the Installment Plan and, immeasurably
text: grateful for a moment of peace and solitude, begins to read.
dialog: 
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: ~)
text: Through the slit of the door we can see a couple of marines
text: tussle back and forth, slamming each other into the stalls.
text: Suddenly we .ear a voice, filled with autho.ity-
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (0.S-)
dialog: Hey! This is my fucking A.O. You
dialog: will take your chicken shit grab-
dialog: ass out of my A.O. right fucking
dialog: now. Do you read me?
text: We hear mumbles, then a door closes. The room is quiet. Swoff
text: is wondering, who the fuck is this guy? We hear footsteps on
text: the floor, moving toward him. They pause in front of Swoff’s
dialog: stall.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Swof ford?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Yo.
text: SERGEANT SIEK pushes the door open. Short and totally squared
text: away, he looks like Daffy Duck with a tan.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: You Swofford?
speaker_heading: SWOFF .
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Sergeant Siek. I'm with
dialog: Surveillance and Target
scene_heading: Acquisition. STA. {[{"STAY”] One
dialog: shot. One kill.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Gunny Hiers tells me you’re a hard
dialog: bastard. That you fell off a cliff
dialog: out in the NTA. Full ruck on your
text: back, fifty feet to the ground,
dialog: walked away. JI hear you read
dialog: books.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I might.
text: He slips his book down, but Siek has already seen it.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Well if you’re tough and smart and
dialog: don’t complain I think you could be
dialog: a scout/sni
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: Now the Major doesn’t want us
dialog: recruiting so let’s just say a bird
dialog: told you to start running more and
dialog: lifting less.
text: He hands Swoff some books and manuals.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe read some of these books on
dialog: the history of sniping in between
dialog: this college fuck shit.
text: Swoff tries to balance the new books as he struggles to keep
text: some dignity on top of the john. Siek grabs the book Swoff
text: was reading. Examines it like an exotic animal.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: That's some heavy dope, Marine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I were you, I‘d show up. See if
dialog: you're as smart as you think you
dialog: are.
text: He lets the door slam back in Swoff's face. Swoff picks up
text: the sniper book, opens it.
scene_heading: INT. STA INDOC ~ DAY
text: swoff is in a room full of scout/sniper hopefuls, including
text: WELTY, FOWLER, VEGH, and, looking confident, TROY. Troy is a
text: small man, but he oozes competence and confidence. Sergeant
text: Siek holds up a stuffed bird by its feet.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: A snipe. A bird so difficult to
dialog: shoot that only the most
dialog: disciplined, well-trained and
text: artful hunters can take it down.
dialog: Hence, sniper.
text: He picks up a rifle.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: Anybody know what this is?
text: Troy raises his hand.
speaker_heading: TROY
text: A 1903 A4 Springfield with a twelve
dialog: power German Unertal scope.
text: swoff and the others look at Troy. Who is this guy?
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
text: Affirmative. The Marine sniper
dialog: weapon of World War II.
text: He picks up another weapon.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont’d)
text: The M40 weapons system from
dialog: Vietnam. A commercial Remington
text: M700 with a heavy barrel equipped
dialog: with the Redfield three by nine
dialog: scope. And this--
text: He picks up a final weapon.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: --the M40Al. Made by our very own
dialog: Marine Corps marksmanship training
text: unit at Quantico, Virginia. The
dialog: best sniper rifle in the world.
text: One shot. One Kill. Out to twelve
dialog: hundred meters.
text: Identical M40A1’s sit on folding tables behind him, like
text: laboratory specimens laid out for dissection.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: There is one such rifle on each of
dialog: these tables. You may touch one,
dialog: you may hold one, you may imagine
dialog: what it would be like to own one...
dialog: (child-like sing-song)
dialog: »..but you can’t fucking have one.
dialog: (back to normal voice)
dialog: Not yet.
scene_heading: INT. STA INDOC - MOMENTS LATER
text: In the b.g. other hopefuls examine rifles. Swoff reaches down
text: and picks one up. It is a beautiful piece of equipment. Love-
text: struck, he runs his hands over it.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.}
dialog: You may fire a rifle for many
dialog: years, and even go to war, and
dialog: afterward you may turn the rifle in
text: at the armory. But no matter what
dialog: else you might do with your hands--
dialog: love a woman, build a house, change
dialog: your son’s diaper--your hands
dialog: remember the rifle.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 23
text: Ee looks cver to the next table. Troy is examining his rifle
text: like a surgeon, with expertise but clinical detachment.
text: Holding it, he walks over to Swoff.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You ever see a more perfect piece
dialog: of machinery?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: It's beautiful.
scene_heading: INT. STA INDOC BARRACKS - DAY - LATER
text: Swoff watches Troy unpack his stuff. He lays it out in
text: perfect order, as if his whole life was squared away long
text: before he joined the Marine Corps. Swoff 1s also unpacking
text: his things. They're not nearly so neat. Troy takes out a
text: photo of an attractive woman in a Marine Corps uniform.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sister?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Fiancee.
text: Swoff doesn’t know what to say. The guy is engaged to a woman
dialog: marine?
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: Allen Troy, Greenville, Michigan.
scene_heading: P.J3‘s. SEALS, Special Forces.
dialog: They‘re hype, man. Pussies. STA is
dialog: it. The best. I joined the suck for
speaker_heading: STA.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
text: Tony Swofford. Sacramento.
dialog: Swoff‘s not going to offer any more information just yet. He
text: takes out the picture of Kristina, stares at it for a moment,
text: then props it up on the window ledge.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Not bad.
speaker_heading: SWCFF
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You're looking at ner the same way
dialog: you were looking at the 40.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: eu
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: = Was I?
dialog: c cacy
dialog: Yeah, a lot of guys do. Like their
dialog: rifle is a woman. It’s bullshit.
dialog: That 40 is steel and plastic, man.
text: It's machined down to a micro-
dialog: millimeter. There’s two things
dialog: every marine’s got to have: a good
dialog: woman, and a good weapon. But don’t
dialog: go getting them mixed up, or you'll
dialog: get a major league fuck-over.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: That's the paradox. What you love
dialog: the most may one day fail you.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Fuck if I said that.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN TRAINING AREA - DAY
text: In full camouflage face paint, Sergeant Siek addresses the
text: STA hopefuls. Swoff is in the front row. He’s beginning to
dialog: get into this now.
scene_heading: c SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Your mission is to kill me. My
dialog: mission is to kill you first. If 1
dialog: win, you go back to the grunts.
dialog: If, by chance, one of you pathetic
dialog: shit-heads wins, there’s a remote
dialog: possibility you might one day
dialog: become a sniper. But in case any of
dialog: you are thinking, Sergeant Siek’s
dialog: on my side; he’s my friend, he
dialog: wants me to succeed. Grow the fuck
dialog: up. I want each and every one of
dialog: you to fail. Because if you--
text: He points to Stupid Marine.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: --canh become a sniper, what does
dialog: that make me? Any questions?
speaker_heading: STUPID MARINE
dialog: Those paintball bullets, they hurt?
text: Siek smiles that Cheshire Cat smile.
dialog: c Revised lst Draft ~ 4/20/04
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN TRAINING AREA - DAY
text: Pow!! Stupid Marine is hit right in the head. A rose of paint
text: blooms om his forehead, then he falls, screaming.
speaker_heading: STUPID MARINE
dialog: Shit! Fuck! I can't see!
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN TRAINING AREA - DAY
text: Sergeant Siek grins as he lowers his rifle.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
text: Back to the grunts, dickface.
text: A MAJOR lowers his binoculars and tu:ns to Siek.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Not in the head, Sergeant. You know
dialog: the rules.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: My mistake, sir.
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN TRAINING AREA - DAY
text: Camouflage paint on his face, Swoff crawls through the mud
text: with his M16. He looks around, notices he is out ahead of the
text: others. He looks up ahead. There‘s Troy, who glances back
text: and gives Swoff a grin that says, come on, get 4 move on.
text: Fuck! Swoff crawls faster.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN TRAINING AREA - DAY
text: Swoff continues to crawl, undetected, in the mud. He sees
text: Troy take careful aim and fire.
text: Swoff aims his M16 at one of the STA spotters sitting on the
text: tailgate of a Humvee, bincculars in his hand.
text: swoff fires his paint bullet.
text: In the distance one of the instructors keels over. Swoff
text: begins to grin.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (0.5.3
dialog: What tne fuck are you grinning et?
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN TRAINING AREA - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Swoff stands smiling with Vegh, Welty, and Fowler, ail of
text: whom passed with him. But standing in front, the honor
text: graduate, is Troy. Siek walks down in front of them, his hard
text: face on. Then he smiles himself.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Snipers.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRING LINE - DAY
text: Swoff and Troy lie side by side, each with an M40Al. Sergeant
text: Siek stands in front of them, holding a coin up in each hand.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: This, this is a nickel. This, this
dialog: is a dime. See that target, a
dialog: thousand yards down range? You will
dialog: take three shots, and they must all
dialog: fit inside this...
dialog: (the dime)
dialog: --.not fucking ever this...
dialog: (the nickel)
text: .--because the target shoots back.
dialog: That’s right. YOU are HIS target.
dialog: And I guaran-fucking-tee ‘that
dialog: raghead or chink or russkie will be
dialog: shooting this...
dialog: (the dime)
dialog: «+.-80 if you shoot this...
dialog: (the nickel)
dialog: --or this...
dialog: (produces a quarter)
dialog: +..0r God help me, this...
text: (reaches down, picks up a
dialog: chrome hub-cap)
dialog: +.-you will be dead snipers. And
dialog: dead snipers are no fucking use to
dialog: the United States Marine Corps.
text: Swoff stares at him. Shit. Siek walks from in front to stand
dialog: among them.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont ’d)
dialog: Look into your scope.
text: They all do. We see Swoff adjusting his eye to the scope,
text: settling in to the fit.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: “eo
speaker_heading: SERGEANT STEK (cont'd)
dialog: If you’re lucky, in that wandow
dialog: will one day emerge the figure of
text: the enemy. The quartered head, the
text: JFK shot, the pink mist. Now
dialog: consider your target.
text: We are with Swoff as he stares into the eyepiece. He sees a
text: blur, something in a jeep. He tries to adjust the scope so
text: that the target down range comes into focus.
text: Slowly the image comes into focus: the head of a Russian
dialog: general.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: There’s a moment when the target
dialog: disappears, when you see only the
text: clear intersection of the reticle--
text: like a bucket of light‘s been
dialog: poured into your scope...
text: We are inside the scope and see what he is describing.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (0.C.)
dialog: Ready on the right? Ready on the
text: left? Ready on the firing range.
dialog: Gentlemen, commence firing.
text: Swoff takes a deep breath. His finger gently closes on the
text: trigger. So gently. Very slow motion now.
text: Boom! We feel the recoil, the muscles on his face jiggle, a
text: puff of smoke from the muzzle, a casing ejects out to the
dialog: side.
text: Thwack! The General’s head explodes. Cotton stuffing floats
text: gently down.
text: Sswoff slowly lifts his face off the eyepiece. His eyes are
text: bright.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
text: The grunt dies for nothing, for
dialog: fifteen thousand poorly placed
text: rounds. The sniper dies for that
dialog: one perfect shor.
text: He sets his eye back on the eyepiece. New target. Light pours
dialog: in, and...
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: T was nooxecd.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: Jou
scene_heading: EXT. OKINAWA - JUNGLE - MONTAGE ~ TIME PASSING
text: ---Boom! A Chinese General's stuffed head explodes. New
text: target, light pours in...
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: I wanted a thankless mission...
text: ++-Boom! A Terrorist's head explodes. New target, light pours
dialog: in...
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont’d)
dialog: I wanted poor cdds and a likely
dialog: death...
text: -..Boom? A Columbian drug lord's head explodes.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont’d)
dialog: But I was a warrior without a war.
dialog: I was all foreplay and no climax.
scene_heading: INT. STA PLATOON - REC AREA - DAY
text: A blow up doll, weights, a wet bar, a big screen TV, and
text: around it are gathered the Marines of the STA Platoon all
text: silently watching.
scene_heading: ON SCREEN SEE: AUGUST 2, 1990
text: On the TV screen we see Iraqi troops and tanks interspersed
text: with shots of screaming Kuwaiti civilians.
speaker_heading: DAN RATHER (ON TV)
text: In a surprise blietzkrieg-Like
dialog: attack, early this morning Iragi
dialog: troops invaded neighboring Kuwait.
dialog: The Emir of Kuwait has fled Kuwait
dialog: City. Pentagon sources say elements
dialog: of the 82nd Airborne Division and
text: some marine units have been put on
text: full alert.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: This is it, boys! We‘re going to
dialog: fucking war!!
text: They all whoop anc cheer, Swoff not least of all.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: gi
scene_heading: INT. TWENTY-NINE PALMS - [*°?"=R - DAY
text: Buzzzzz. Buzzzzz. Swoff sits with his buddies getting fresh
text: high and tight haircuts, jarheads.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS ~- LATER
text: Rucksacks packed, the STA men do a final cleaning of their
text: weapons. Swoff leans over his sniper rifle, cleaning it with
text: a toothbrush. Troy slips his rifle into its case, then looks
text: around at his squad. Their faces are serious, a little
dialog: worried. Can't have thac.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: We need to get a hard on.
scene_heading: INT. STA PLATOON - REC AREA - NIGHT
text: ON TV: “APOCALYPSE NOW”
text: Helicopters fly across the South China Sea to the tune of
text: Wagner. Rockets shoot out. North Vietnamese machine gunners
text: are blown high into the air.
text: We hear the yells and screams of the STA Platoon.
speaker_heading: STA PLATOON (0.S.)
dialog: Get some! Semper Fi!
scene_heading: INT. STA PLATOON - REC AREA - SAME
speaker_heading: SWOFF {V.O.)
dialog: Vietnam movies. Our biggest wet
dialog: dream.
text: Swoff and his STA buddies lie back against their packed
text: rucksacks. They are guzzling beer and watching Vietnam
dialog: combat.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.} (cont‘d)
dialog: Pornography for the grunt--
text: stroking his cock, tickling his
text: balls with the pink feather of
text: history, getting him ready for his
dialog: first real fuck,
text: We PAN across the faces as the men watch the war movie,
text: Bereath the bravado we serse an undercurrent of fear.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
text: We hear the sound of machine guns and the screams from movie
text: ambushes. Suddenly they stop.
speaker_heading: P.A. ANNOUNCER (U.5S.)
dialog: All personnel from STA 2/7 are
dialog: ordered to report immediately to
dialog: battalion headquarters. Get some,
dialog: Jarheads!
text: We are on Swoff’s face, as it sinks in: this is for real.
dialog: We're going to fucking war!
scene_heading: INT. DC-10 - DAY
text: A STEWARDESS in a bright red uniform is going through the
text: safety procedures. She has a sample seat belt in her hands.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: I will now demonstrate the proper
dialog: method of fastening your seat belt.
dialog: Take this end of the belt and
text: insert it firmly into the latch...
text: With exaggerated care she inserts the buckle into the latch.
text: As she does we PAN AROUND and see that instead of a civilian
text: flight, the plane is full of jarheads: each and every one of
text: them staring at her hungrily, as if she is the last woman
dialog: they will ever see.
text: In front of Swoff‘s row sits ESCOBAR, a black Cuban, with
text: CORTEZ, a Mexican-American. Escobar and Cortez are like a
dialog: Hispanic Abbott and Costello.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Ah, Chica, come fly my friendly
dialog: fucking skies,
text: We MOVE BACK a row, to where Troy and Swoff are sitting with
text: KUEHN, a big red-headed Texan with a perpetual sunburn.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Me, I had a choice. Join the
dialog: marines or go to jail. And you know
dialog: what the shit of it is?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: If you'd gone to yail--
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Don’t spoil the joke, asshole. If
dialog: I'd gene to jail, I’d be getting
dialog: out teday!
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
text: That makes Swoff laugh.
speaker_heading: SWOFF .
dialog: I dropped out of high school, tried
dialog: to join when ZI turned 17. But my
dialog: dad, he told the recruiter,
dialog: {imitating Dad)
dialog: "No way I'm signing that unless you
dialog: guarantee you won’t get my boy Tony
dialog: killed.”
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I bet that recruiter shit in his
dialog: Class A trousers.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I joined on my own, six months
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: You poor dumb fuck. My recruiter
dialog: knew the price of every whore from
dialog: Olangapo to Stockholm. A whole
dialog: wide world of pussy. That's what
dialog: got me.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: And here you are, headed to the
dialog: desert. No pussy in a thousand
dialog: miles.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
text: Fucked by the green weenie again.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Let me tell you something. I signed
dialog: up because the Corp’s going to be
dialog: my fucking family. Fuck, it’s
dialog: better than a family- It lets me
dialog: fire weapons 24/7. It always waits
dialog: up for me. It forgives me when
dialog: I'm dumb and stupid.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Which is pretty much all the time.
text: Troy nudges Swoff. The Stewardess is standing there with a
text: funny, makeshift cake.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: Swoff? I hear it’s your birthday.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 34
text: Troy's set this up. He and the other STA Marines stand up
dialog: and start singing: "Happy Birthday dear Fuckhead, Hapowv
dialog: Birthday to you”.
scene_heading: EXT. SAUDI ARABIA - DAY
text: swoff, Troy and the platoon get off the plane into the
text: desert. Heat waves shimmer. The tarmac is full of jumbo
text: commercial jets: American, United, Delta. Fighter jets patrol
dialog: the skies.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Good luck, now...Good-bye,
dialog: now...Good-luck, now.
text: She speaks to each of them as they pass her on the ramp,
text: headed down, to war.
scene_heading: EXT. SAUDI ARABIA - DAY
text: Swoff and the STA platoon marches toward a large, bright
text: green Bedouin tent, where the battalion is gathering.
scene_heading: EXT. BEDOUIN TENT - SAUDI ARABIA - DAY
scene_heading: ON SCREEN SEE: AUGUST 1990. TROOPS IN SAUDI ARABIA: 15,000.
text: The STA Platoon takes their seats with the rest of the
text: battalion just as COLONEL KAZICKIS mounts a makeshift stage,
text: grabbing a microphone in mid-stride like a Vegas M.C.
text: Theatrical as he is, this guy is no caricature: he’s smart
dialog: and knows how to connect to his men.
scene_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS
dialog: Good afternoon, Marines!
text: The speakers produce major feedback. A lowly corporal slips
text: out and crouches by the Colonel, trying to adjust the volume.
speaker_heading: MARINES
dialog: Good afternoon, Colonel.
scene_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS
dialog: Jesus, did you just land in a war
dialog: zone or in a funeral parlor? Good
dialog: afternoon, Marines!
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARINES
dialog: (a little louder)
dialog: Good afternoon, Colonel.
dialog: 
text: Swoff and Troy share a look.
scene_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS
dialog: That’s better. I felt my dick move.
dialog: For those of you who don’t know me,’
dialog: I‘m Colonel Kazickis, your
dialog: battalion commander. We are now
dialog: part of Operation Desert Shield.
dialog: Just north of us--Saddam Hussein's
dialog: got a million Iraqi soldiers. Some
dialog: of those boys have been fighting
dialog: since you were nine or ten years
dialog: old. They are tough. Thev will
dialog: stop at nothing. They‘ve ised
dialog: nerve gas against the Iranians and
dialog: the Kurds. Here’s a picture. Hold
dialog: it up, Sergeant Major.
text: The SERGEANT MAJOR holds up a large photo of dead women and
text: children. Troy and Swoff stares, especially Swoff: he hates
dialog: gas.
speaker_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS (cont‘d)
dialog: . Now as of today, these, Iraqis who
dialog: Cc have invaded the defenseless nation
dialog: of Kuwait are not our concern. Our
dialog: current mission is defensive. We
dialog: are to protect the Saudi Arabian
dialog: oil fields until further notice.
text: As he speaks we PAN across the faces, the men we know--Swoff,
text: Troy, Kuehn, Escobar, Cortez~--and some we will get to know:
scene_heading: WELTY, VEGH, FERGUS.
speaker_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS (cont‘d)
dialog: So you will hydrate, you will
dialog: train, you will adjust to this
dialog: desert and you will hydrate some
dialog: more. And you will be ready. You
dialog: will maintain a constant state of
dialog: suspicious alertness and one day
dialog: Saddam Hussein is going to regret
dialog: pulling this sorry shit.
text: Behind Troy and Swoff, a MARINE (FOWLER) calls out.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: (nigh voice}
dialog: We're going te kick some Iraq: éss!
dialog: Revised ist Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
text: Troy and Swoff turn to see who it is. It's FOWLER, the show-
text: boat, the pain-in-the-ass, lo ~ ~-uth, know-it-all.
scene_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS
dialog: What did you say?
text: Fowler stands up.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: We're going to kick some Iraqi ass!
dialog: Sir!
scene_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS
dialog: Well hell, son, you going to win
dialog: the Medal of Honor all by yourself?
dialog: What is the rest of my battalion
dialog: going to do?
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Kick some Iraqi ass!
scene_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS
dialog: It's time for me to retire. I can’t
dialog: hear a fucking thing.
text: We are with Swoff and Troy as the entire battalion rises to
text: its feet.
speaker_heading: ALL
scene_heading: KICK SOME IRAQI ASS!
text: The Colonel grins.
scene_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS
dialog: That is most definitely more like
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT -DAY
text: The STA platoon rides in a Humvee, across the desert, headed
dialog: for their new position.
text: Swoff stares out: a vast and trackless piace, an infinity of
text: nothingness stretching to the horizon.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: This defensive position shit sucks.
dialog: We better not be in this shit-hole
dialog: long. I need to shoot something.
dialog: Revised Ist Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Yeu‘li get all you want soon
dialog: enough. We're the marines, not the
dialog: lame~ass army. First to fucking
dialog: fight.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Yeah, for what?
text: They all turn to him. What a question.
speaker_heading: KUEHN (cont'd)
dialog: I been around these old white
dialog: fuckers all my life. They’ve all
dialog: got their fat hands in Arab oil.
dialog: The mother-fuckers drink it like
dialog: it's beer. That's why we‘re here.
dialog: To protect their profits.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: And their progeny.
speaker_heading: ' KUEHN
dialog: That too, whatever the fuck that
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: VEGH
dialog: You talk like a Communist, man.
text: VEGH is Hungarian-American. He looks older than he is and has
text: an immigrant’s unquestioned patriotism.
speaker_heading: WELTY
dialog: Yeah, we're here to fight for
dialog: freedom.
text: WELTY is the corpsman. He has an innocence about him, a
text: softness around the corners of his face.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: We're here, fuckhead. All the rest
dialog: is bullshic.
speaker_heading: WELTY
dialog: You saw that picture. Those were
dialog: kids, man.
speaker_heading: KUERN
dialog: Who do you think gave Saddam all
dialog: his goddamn weapons? We did.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: You are so full of shit.
dialog: Revised ‘st Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
text: They drive into their new position, a gash in the Saudi
text: desert with > ‘ew ragged tents being put up-
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Look it up.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I hate gas, man.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: The good news is, if it gets you,
dialog: you’ll never know.
scene_heading: EXT. SAUDI ARABIA - NEXT DAY
text: Siek is holding a stop watch and screaming!
scene_heading: SGT. SIEK
dialog: Gas! Gas! Gas!
text: Swoff and the others are trying to pull on their MOPP suits,
text: the bulky chemical warfare uniforms, hopping on one leg,
text: cursing, falling down. Only Troy is almost dressed. He‘’s
text: pulling on his gas mask.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Come on! Your fucking skin is
dialog: melting, your eyeballs are leaking,
dialog: your goddam dicks are falling off!!
text: Siek punches his stop watch.
scene_heading: SGT. SIEK
dialog: Time. Stop. Stop! Stop!
text: Swoff freezes, one leg in his suit. He looks at Troy, who has
text: his gas mask on. He looks like someone very familiar.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: {to Swoff, as Darth Vader)
dialog: Luke...,Luke...
dialog: (beat, still Vader)
dialog: I need a blow job.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Two minutes, thirty seconds. You're
dialog: all dead. id since you're dead
dialog: you're not going to mind taking a
text: little jog in these suits. Ready.
dialog: Go.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 39
text: Ke runs out of frame, into the desert. Troy follows him. Half
text: a” their suits an“ half out, Swoff and the rest stumble and
dialog: struggle to keep up.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MINUTES LATER
text: Not funny anymore. The men struggle and slide in the sand in
text: the heavy rubber suits. We hear their breathing in the gas
dialog: masks.
text: We look at Swoff’s face through the goggles. They mist up.
text: His eyes disappear.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: The UN is united in calling for
dialog: Saddam to withdraw from Kuwait.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOS
scene_heading: ON SCREEN SEE: U.S. TROOPS IN SAUDI ARABIA: 200,000
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: Sanctions have been imposed. Colin
text: Powell discusses war plans with
dialog: Saudi Arabia, and President Bush
dialog: keeps sending in new troops.
text: The men are in formation. They are ordered to drink. They
text: lift their canteens and swallow. We go down the line as they
text: gulp the water.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont‘d)
dialog: Us, six times a day we hydrate.
text: Swoff and the others hold up their canteen bottles to show
dialog: they‘ve finished.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOS
text: Swoff and the snipers patrol around the desert, slipping in
text: the sand. The space around them is immense, never-ending.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: We patrol the desert.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOS
text: Sgt. Siek screams {MOS) as Swoff and the snivers rush out in
text: fuli gear, jacked up cn adrenaline.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: am
speaker_heading: SWOFF [V.0.)
dialog: We go on full alert
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT--MOS
text: Swoff and the snipers suddenly relax, start taking off their
dialog: gear.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
text: Then we stand down.
text: You can see the stress on their faces: up, down, up, down.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT--MOS
text: They drink more bottles of water.
speaker_heading: SWOFF [(V.0.)
dialog: And we hydrate some more.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOS
text: They sit on top of a dune, staring into the setting sun, out
text: into the desert.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: And we look north to our still
text: invisible enemy. We wait for them,
text: like a lover.
text: They stare as the sun rises.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont‘d)
dialog: This is our labor. We wait.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - NIGHT
text: Out of a mailed package Swoff pulls a small white T-shirt
text: with the Marine Corps emblem, the shirt his mom had made for
text: him. It's full of memories of Kristina, so far away. Swoff
text: feels the shirt, holds it to his face, smells it.
speaker_heading: TROY
text: Five bucks to sniff it.
speaker_heading: SWOPF
dialog: Fuck you.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: C At least show me the picture.
text: Swoff relents and passes a picture of Kristina in the T-
dialog: shirt.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: That was the last night--before I
dialog: left for boot camp.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: ‘Your last night as a human being.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Show us the one in the dress blue
dialog: blouse again.
text: Swoff pulls out another photo of Kristina. In this one she
text: has on nothing but Swoff’s dress blue blouse. They compare
dialog: the two.
speaker_heading: WELTY
dialog: Doesn’t she have her own clothes?
dialog: They stare at Welty; are you nuts?
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: (the dress blues) |
dialog: This one, man, it’s hard core.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (the T-shirt)
dialog: No way, man. This one, it’s
dialog: more,..real.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Come on, give ‘em back.
text: Sergeant Siek enters with another bag of mail.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Listen up. We're getting letters
dialog: addressed to “Any Marine, Iraq”
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Hey, that’s me.
text: FERGUS is the newest member of STA. He’s a bit of a doofus, a
dialog: mid-western kid who can’= quite seem to click in on things.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: The first ones go to the Marines
dialog: € whe get the least mail. That's
dialog: you, Cortez.
text: He starts handing out letters.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Yeah, Cortez can’t even get letters
dialog: from women in prison. That's
dialog: because they know he’s a Mexican.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: At least my mama doesn’t fry
dialog: bananas for breakfast, you dumb
dialog: Cuban.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: You guys read and respond to every
dialog: one of these fucking letters. Make
dialog: those girls feel good.
text: Cortez eagerly opens his letter, then his face falls.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Oh man.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: € What?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
text: It’s from a seven year old boy. He
dialog: wants a camie cover.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Send it to him, you fucking
dialog: pervert.
text: vegh unfolds his letter. His eyes light up.
speaker_heading: VEGH
dialog: (Hungarian accent)
dialog: Listen to this.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "I just quit Yale. I like to fuck
dialog: a lot and drop acid. Write me soon
dialog: if you like to fuck a lot and drop
dialog: acid.”
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: I like to fuck a lot and drop ecid?
dialog: Show me her picture.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 43
text: Vegh passes the photo around to general aprroval. Check this
dialog: out!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Oh, man.
text: Troy holds up a letter.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What do we have here?
text: Welty recognizes it and reaches out.
speaker_heading: WELTY
dialog: Come on, give it to me.
text: Troy smells it.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Mmmmm. Chemical weapons? No.
dialog: Pussy Juice.
text: Welty grabs the letter. Swoff resumes reading his letter.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont’d)
dialog: What’s up with Kristina?
speaker_heading: SWOFF :
dialog: C She got a job at a hotel.
text: To Swoff‘s surprise, this gets a large response.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: You are fucked!
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: I'm sorry, Bud.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sorry? Why?
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: She'll have breaks, dumb fuck. She
dialog: and one of the Jody clerks will co
text: to one of the vacant rooms. <= bet
dialog: they've got one all the employees
dialog: use. Probably don't even change
dialog: the sheets.
text: This sinks in on Swoff. His face goes carx.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Don't let v-hem fuck with vour head.
dialog: A job's just a job. She loves you.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (trying to be convinced}
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Swoff would get more emotional but at that moment we hear a
text: sobbing from Welty. Tears crawl down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Hey man, what's the matter?
text: Welty’s shoulders begin to shake. Fowler picks up the
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Hey, let me see that. What’s she
dialog: doing, fucking someone else?
dialog: (reading, smiie)
dialog: Holy shit..
dialog: (smile fades: reading
dialog: aloud)
dialog: “Bet you didn't know your brother's
dialog: got a nine-inch dick. And believe
dialog: me, he knows how to use it.”
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Holy shit.
text: Fowler lowers the letter. Even he is stunned. This news
text: doesn't help quell Swoff’s nascent doubts about Kristina.
text: Welty is devastated. He holds his fiancee’s picture in his
text: hands and begins to crumple it up.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: No! Give it to me.
text: Kuehn grabs the photo from Welty. He holds it up.
speaker_heading: KUEHN (cont ‘d)
dialog: Everybody see this??
text: They all stare at the faithiess fiancee. Welty is truly
dialog: devastated.
speaker_heading: KUEHN {cont’d)
dialog: Only one place for it.
dialog: They all know where he means.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Wall of Shame.
dialog: Revised lst Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 45
text: Escobar helps Welty up.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Come on, man.
text: The rest of them start to leave. Swoff just sits there.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Swoff, come on.
text: He takes one last look at Kristina’s letter, maybe wondering
text: just a bit if Welty’s fate is in store for him.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS MESS - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Wall of Shame. A big board between two posts in front of
text: the mess hall, its every square inch covered with photographs
text: of women stuck up with duct tape. And on each piece of duct
text: tape the betrayed marine has written his tale of woe.
text: Swoff watches as the others help Welty duct tape the
text: photograph of his fiancee to the wall. Kuehn hands Welty a
dialog: magic marker,
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Go on, man.
text: Welty begins to write on the duct tape.
speaker_heading: WELTY (V.0.)
dialog: She was my fiancee, with my brother
dialog: now...
text: Swoff looks at a photograph of a woman with a young boy, then
text: examines the writing on the duct tape. He hears the voice of
dialog: the marine whe wrote it.
speaker_heading: VOICE 1
dialog: I loved her so much and she took my
dialog: kid and disappeared....
text: Swoff looks at another photograph: a woman in a bikini, her
text: tongue stuck out suggestively.
speaker_heading: VOICE 2
dialog: Stay away from her, she‘ll take all
dialog: your money, she hangs out at the
dialog: Whale Club in Cceans:ide.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 46
text: fwoff holds up Kristina’s photograph, wondering how it would
text: look up cn the wall. Troy appears as the others lead Welty
dialog: away. .
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Put it away. Kristina‘s not
dialog: cheating on you. They’re just
dialog: fucking with your head.
text: Swoff looks at Troy, slightly relieved.
scene_heading: EXT. SAUDI ARABIA - DAY
text: The sniper squad is in a circle under an Infrared cover. You
text: can see the heat coming off the desert.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Here are the rules. When you talk
dialog: to these reporters, don’t get
dialog: specific. Say you can shoot from
dialog: far away. Say you are highly
dialog: trained. That there are no better
dialog: shooters in the world than Marine
dialog: snipers. Say you are excited to be
dialog: here and you believe in the mission
dialog: and will annihilate the Iragis.
dialog: Take off your shirts and show your
dialog: muscles.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: This is censorship. You're telling
dialog: me what I can and can’t say to the
dialog: press. This is un-American.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: That’s right. We have freedom of
dialog: speech. Article 1, the
dialog: Constitution.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: You signed a contract. You have no
dialog: raghts. Goddamnit, we're not
dialog: playing around. Tell your
dialog: complaints to Saddam Hussein, see
dialog: if he cares.
speaker_heading: KUERN
dialog: That's exactly what Saddam Hussein
dialog: does. You're treating us the same
dialog: goddamn way.
dialog: 
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: ~*~
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: SERGEAN™ 5iEK
dialog: You are Mari.scs. .ere is no such
dialog: thing as speech that is free. You
dialog: must pay for everything you say.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. SAUDI ARABIA ~ DAY
text: The members of STA Platoon shave, wash in their helmets, pull
text: on new camies. One holds a mirror for another.
text: Swoff and Troy helmet wash their pits, their crotches, their
dialog: cocks.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I can’t get the fucking sand out.
dialog: It's everywhere, even in my piss
dialog: hole.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: It‘s the desert, man. We thought
dialog: we invaded it. But it fucking
dialog: invaded us.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - IR NETTING- DAY
text: Swoff is watching the now very clean STA Men being
text: interviewed earnestly by a FEMALE REPORTER, a kind of young
text: Diane Sawyer, who has a cameraman with her.
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER
dialog: So if you could say one thing to
dialog: our viewers back home, what would
dialog: it be?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: I believe in our mission. I
dialog: pelieve we will quickly win this
dialog: war and send the enemy crawling
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: I’m proud to be here serving our
dialog: country. I love God and I love my
dialog: new Harley. Them ragheads is going
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: We can shoot cut someone's eyeball
text: from a click away. No better shot
dialog: in the world.
speaker_heading: ‘MORE )
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: They can bomb us and gas us and
dialog: shoot us and we‘ll keep at ‘en.
text: Now it’s Swoff’s turn.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I don’t care about a New World
dialog: Order. I don't care about human
dialog: rights violations in Kuwait City.
dialog: Amnesty International, my ass.
dialog: Rape them all, kill them all, sell
dialog: their cil, pillage their gold, sell
dialog: their children into prostitution.
dialog: I don't care about the Flag and God
dialog: and Country and Corps. I don’t
dialog: give a fuck about oil and revenue
dialog: and a million barrels per day and
dialog: U.S. jobs. I'm twenty years old
dialog: and I was dumb enough to sign a
dialog: contract and here I sit, swinging
text: in the ball sack, slopping through
text: the straddle trench of the world,
dialog: and I can hear their bombs already,
dialog: I can hear their bombs and I am
dialog: afraid.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (0-S-)
dialog: Swofford, you're up!
dialog: And this is what he really says.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I’m prepared for anything. I have
dialog: supreme confidence in all my
dialog: leaders, from my team leader to my
dialog: president. My father and uncle
dialog: served in Vietnam. I'm proud to
dialog: serve my country here.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - LATER
text: A football flies through the air. Swoff and Kuehn and Troy
text: toss it back and forth. In the b.g. we see Sergeant Siek and
text: Colonel Kazickis briefing the Female Reporter and a few other
text: reporters about the chemical warfare suits: holding the suits
text: up, pointing out their features, so on.
text: The rest of the platoon join an impromptu football game.
text: Swoff goes out for a long pass. He leaps over the straddle
text: trench, catches the ball with one hand and slams his face
text: into the desert.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: co)
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: ~vuchdown!
text: Swoff jogs back in with the ball just as Sergeant Siek comes
text: back with the reporters.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Swoff! Quick, throw the ball in
dialog: the shitter!
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Get rid of the fucking ball.
text: Swoff doesn’t get it--not fast enough.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Swofford, the football.
text: Swoff gives it to him. Troy rolls his eyes. Look what you
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: Men, this is your lucky day. These
dialog: reporters want to know how you can
dialog: fight wearing all your chemical
dialog: warfare gear. So you’re going to
dialog: show them just how well your MOPP
text: suits work.
dialog: (to general disbelief)
dialog: That‘s right. Get ‘em on. We're
dialog: going to continue this football
text: game in full gear.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (to Swoff)
dialog: See what you did, ass-hole.
speaker_heading: WELTY
text: It’s a hundred and twelve degrees.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Then you won’t be needing your
dialog: parkas, will you?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And the Colonel has promised hot
dialog: shewer trucks. And cold soda.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/06
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOMENTS LATER
text: The men slowly put on their MOPP suits. Some are bound
text: together with duct tape and nylon ripcord. The MOPP suits
text: are in a jungle camouflage.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Just like the Marine Corps, gives
dialog: us jungle suits in the desert.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: We look like a fucking Monty Python
dialog: skit.
text: Swoff and the others take a last drink of water, then put
text: their masks on and tie the hoods. Troy is ~he last to close
text: up. We’re inside Swoff’s gas mask as he looks out at Troy.
text: It’s like a personal sensory deprivation chamber.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Ready?
text: His voice comes from far away, as if he is talking through a
text: Styrofoam cup.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Fuck it.
text: Swoff's voice has a half-second delay and a kind of echo, as
text: if he’s on a very long distance phone line.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Let's do it.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOMENTS LATER
text: The game begins again. The men run awkwardly in their MOPP
dialog: suits.
text: Swoff’s POV: Colonel Kazickis points out various features of
text: the suits to the reporters.
text: Passes fly. At first the game is touch, then it becomes
text: tackle. WHOMF. Bodies slam together.
text: Swoff intercepts a pass and runs it in for a touchdown, then
text: collapses in the sand. They are all bent over at the knees
text: trying to catch their breath in their gas masks.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SERGEANT 5
dialog: sentlemen, the Pentagon says that
dialog: you can fight at one hundred
dialog: percent capacity in this gear for
dialog: eight hours. You've only been
dialog: Playing football for twenty
dialog: minutes. Let’s go.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOMENTS LATER
text: WHOMF. They siam together. Siek blows a whistle.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: {shouts )
dialog: Halftime!
dialog: (to the reporters}
text: These MOPP suits are fitted with
dialog: drinking tubes, so these men will
dialog: be able to drink from their
dialog: canteens without removing their
dialog: gear.
text: Swoff's POV: over the sound of Swoff’s heavy breathing, we
text: hear Siek‘s voice as if it comes from a tunnel.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont’d}
dialog: Men, these Ml] Al drink tubes are
dialog: designed to work perfectly with
dialog: your canteen and mask. Insert the
dialog: narrow end with your fingers
dialog: extended and join it into the
dialog: appropriate receptacle on the
dialog: canteen lid. Excellent.
text: Swoff breaks the seal of his gas mask quietly and tries to
dialog: breathe in fresh air.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont ‘d)
dialog: Now extend the tube into the proper
text: fitting in the mask receptacle.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: I’m fucking dead already, the cap
dialog: is broken on my canteen!
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Hey, cool it.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: ~*~
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: My drinking tube is » sen. T
dialog: can’t break the seal of my mask
dialog: because that would kill me. So
dialog: I'll die of dehydration.
text: Swoff rips off his mask.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Okay. Okay.
text: He's trying to put a lid on it, but with the reporters there
dialog: his options are limited. And the men know it.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: My drinking tube fell off in the
dialog: gas chamber in Okinawa and Kuehn
dialog: stepped on it. I requested a new
dialog: gas mask four months ago.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: We all have unserviceable filters
dialog: in our masks. We are all dead.
text: Fowler has been wrestling with his drink tube and canteen and
text: finally he rips his mask off and punts it down the field.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Fucking fuck this piece of shit!!
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Men! Men! I‘11 speak to supply
dialog: about these parts. Now masks on!
dialog: Play ball!
text: He‘s trying to be polite for the reporters, nice fake smile.
text: The men groan and moan and start again. But instead of a nice
text: touch football game, the exercise degenerates at once. Kuehn
text: tackles Cortez.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Remember the Alamo!
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Motherfucker!
text: He leaps up and jumps on Troy, who tosses him aside. Escobar
text: piles on, screaming in Spanish. Fowler pounds Vegh. Swoff
text: jumps in. Everyone begins tackling and piling on, 1n a melee,
text: a laughing shrieking dog pile.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: King of the desert!
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 53
text: He ve.is as he struggles to the top of the pile. Then
text: som ce yells the dreaded two words.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Field Fuck!
text: Fowler pulls Kuehn off the top of the pile.
text: moving his hips against Kuehn.
speaker_heading: VEGH
dialog: Get that virgin Texas ass! It’s
dialog: free!
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Get a picture for his wife! The
dialog: poor woman!
text: Siek comes running back.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Stop!
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Fowler starts
dialog: I’ve seen the whores you've bought,
dialog: you sick bastards, I‘m the
dialog: prettiest girl any of you’s ever
dialog: had!
text: The reporters have stopped taking notes and
text: Siek is desperate.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Stop! Stop you assholes!
text: are staring.
text: But the field fuck continues. We see each face in turn.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0O.)
dialog: We aren't field-fucking Kuehn:
dialog: we're fucking the Colonel, and the
dialog: sorry, worthless MOPP suits, and
dialog: the goddamn gas masks and canteens
dialog: with defective parts, and President
dialog: Bush and Dick Cheney and the
dialog: generals, and Saddam Hussein, and
text: the PRC-77 radio.
text: Swoff steps out of the pile, a look of glee
text: rips his gas mask off. We're on him as the
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: We're fucking the world's
dialog: televisions, and CNN;
speaker_heading: (MORE }
dialog: 
dialog: Revised lst
text: on his face. He
dialog: field fuck
dialog: Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: we're fucking the sand and the bad
dialog: food and the fuckhead peaceniks
dialog: bac. nome; we're fucking ourselves
dialog: for signing the contract, for
text: listening to the soothing lies of
dialog: the recruiters, for letting them
dialog: call us buddy and pal and dude,
dialog: luring us into this life of
text: loneliness and boredom and fear.
text: The field fuck subsides. Kuehn gets up.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: I've had better fucks from dwarves.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - SAME
text: Mumbling apologies, Sergeant Siek escorts Colonel Kazickis
text: and the Female reporter back to the land rover.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: ...It must be the heat. They are a
text: highly trained, highly disciplined
dialog: unit, I assure you.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ~- MOMENTS LATER
text: The last MOPP suit is thrown into the straddle trench. Kuehn
text: douses the suits with fuel and strikes a match.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: May god please save our ass,
dialog: because these suits sure won’t.
text: Half-naked, they stand and watch the suits burn, a small fire
text: of thick black smoke, harbinger of the fires to come.
text: Hear the sound of THUNDER.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - NIGHT
text: It’s raining outside. Water drips down the tent flaps. Swoff
text: and most of the others sit eating MRE‘s, chewing, staring
text: ahead. The tent is much homier, with more personal details.
text: Escobar does push-ups, then stands up and looks at himself in
text: a field mirror.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: You are a bad motherfucker.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE }
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oN)
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR (cont'd)
dialog: You will kill hundreds of ragheads.
dialog: You will fulfill your duty.
text: Fergus adjusts his Walkman, then turns up a recording of a
dialog: motorcycle.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: (headphones on, way too
dialog: loud)
dialog: My Harley!
text: No one is interested. Dripping wet, Troy enters with the mail
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Rain in the fucking desert. What
dialog: next? Ski season?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: You keep the mail dry?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Fucking A! Neither rain, nor sleet,
dialog: nor fucking mustard gas keeps the
text: jarhead from his fucking mail.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Swoff, who's got fire watch
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Vegh.
speaker_heading: VEGH
dialog: Oh man, I had it two weeks ago.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Which is why you have it again.
dialog: 0500. Don't fucking zee out or
dialog: it‘’ll be my ass.
text: Troy pulls out the first letter.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Swoff! Your new dog tags.
text: Swoff rips the envelope open, examines the dog tags.
speaker_heading: SWOFT
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Still say Roman Catholic?
text: Swoff ncds. Troy passes cut more mail.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Fifth cime.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: It's a sign from God. He wants you
dialog: to stay with the one true religion.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Which is Baptist.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Jesus was a Catholic, man.
text: Swoff reaches into his gear, pulls out a small lacquer box.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What difference does it make what
dialog: your dog tags say? God knows
dialog: you‘re “no preference.”
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: No preference? Man, that sounds
dialog: like you're a religious whore.
dialog: You'll take it in any hole, from
dialog: any pulpit.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I don’t even care. I just like
dialog: getting new dog tags. I'like the
text: sound they make.
text: He holds them up. Jingle. Jingle.
text: Troy hands Cortez a letter from the bettom of the bag.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Hey, look! I got an answer from my
dialog: Any Marine girl!
dialog: There’s general amazement. No way! Finally!
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Hey, that’s the first one. Open it.
text: Cortez starts to open the letter, very carefully.
speaker_heading: =SCOBAR
dialog: Vegh, you heard from “acid” girl?
speaker_heading: VEGH
dialog: Not yet.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KUEEN
dialog: Not ever.
text: Cortez looks up, a stunned look on his face.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
text: Empty.
text: He holds the opened envelope upside down, shakes it.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: That is fucking perfect.
text: His face suddenly pale, Swoff looks up from reading his
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Kristina’s got a “new friend.”
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: A “new friend?” That doesn’t sound
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Yeah. He‘s the night manager. She
dialog: says he’s a great listener.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Great listener? Man, this is
dialog: getting worse.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: She’s one of those girls with a
text: military fetish. She’s smiling
text: when she tells the Jody that the
dialog: poor shit whose girlfriend he's
dialog: fucking is a Marine.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: And the Jody likes telling his
dialog: friends that the new girl he’s
dialog: stiffing is a dumb jarhead’s
dialog: girlfriend.
speaker_heading: WELTY
dialog: Everyone loves to get over on the
text: jarhead. Everyone.
text: They know Welty means it. He‘s still numb from losing his
text: fiancee to his brother.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: KUEEN
dialog: The world is full of Jodys, man.
text: The world is full of Jodys.
text: During this mounting group paranoia we are on Swoff’s face.
text: It‘s getting darker and darker.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Go jack off somewhere, you’re all
dialog: fucking losing it.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Hey Swoff, that’s right. Cheer up,
dialog: we're headed back to the rear. Get
dialog: some AC, sleep in a rack, get on
dialog: the phone to your girlfriend, even
dialog: if she is cheating on you,
text: Swoff looks green. He looks down at Kristina’s letter. On the
text: pink stationery is a drawing of a couple holding hands, and
text: the words, “Tony and Kristina forever.”
scene_heading: EXT. REAR - DAY
text: cU on Swoff as he thinks about Kristina. He rides with his
text: STA buddies in an open Humvee through the gates of a vast
text: rear area: barbed wire perimeter with watch towers, barracks
text: stretching over the sand, a logistical warehouse.
text: There is a spooky feeling about this place; as if these
text: barracks and facilities were always here, waiting for them.
text: They pass shacks where Egyptians sell candy and sodas.
text: Marines stroll about looking cool and clean. A Muezzin
text: chants the call to prayer over loud speakers. All activity
text: in the soda and candy shacks cease: out come the Egyptians,
text: falling prostrate in prayer.
text: We register all this on Swoff's face.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWERS - REAR - SAME
text: Swoff stands uncer a shower head, the water pouring down his
text: face. His eyes are open, staring, focused somewhere else. The
text: others are in the b.g., swigging cokes in the showers,
text: singing, having a ball. Around Swoff’s feet water swirls into
text: the drain, clogging it with sand.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: ~-
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - REAR - NIGHT
text: Swoff sits on the john, holding a picture of Kristina. He’s
text: trying to masturbate, trying to connect to her, but it’s just
text: not happening.
scene_heading: INT. COMM BUILDING ~ REAR - NIGHT
text: Rows of phones. Marines talk to wives, girlfriends, mothers.
text: Troy is deep in conversation with his fiancee.
text: Swoff has a phone in his hand.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (0.S.)
dialog: Number? Number please?
text: He puts it gently down. Stares at all his friends, all
text: connected to home, all with someone to talk to.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - REAR - NIGHT
text: All the men lie peacefully in their racks. Moonlight streaks
text: through the windows. CLOSE ON Sweff. He lies still, his eyes
dialog: open.
text: At the end of the room the door swings open. A pale figure
text: enters. It’s Kristina. She‘s dressed for visiting and
text: carrying a bag. She walks slowly down the center of the room.
text: She stops at the end of Swoff’s bed and looks down at him.
text: She reaches down and strokes his cheek. Tears well up in his
dialog: eyes. :
speaker_heading: TROY (0.S.)
dialog: Shut the fuck up!
text: swoff comes blinking out of his dream. The room is empty. It
dialog: is early evening, not night.
text: Troy has his face in front of an air conditioner. It blows
text: cool air that feels like a blessing.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont‘d)
dialog: You were taiking in your sleep.
text: Swoff sits up, still disoriented. But one thing he knows.
speaker_heading: SWOFE
dialog: I want to go back to the desert.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Troy doesn’t leave his post in front of the AC.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What the fuck’s your problem?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Tt don’t like this place. It's
dialog: spooky. Like it was built for us,
dialog: just waiting. The Saudis built it
dialog: so they could stick us in here
dialog: before we died for their oil.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You sound like Kuehn, man.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: The desert. It’s honest back
dialog: there, clean.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: It's fucked. Come on, let's go see
text: a movie.
scene_heading: INT. SPECIAL SERVICES BUILDING - REAR - NIGHT
text: In a group of marines, Swoff watches Platoon on a big TV
text: screen. Tom Berenger has his pistol at the Vietnamese
text: woman's head, screaming at her to talk. The images of the
text: video reflect off Swoff's face.
text: Suddenly, there is a click and instead of the war movie, we
text: are watching a homemade porn flick. A man whose face is in
text: shadow is doing bizarre things to a woman in a hood.
text: The room erupts in cheers. Just as the woman comes to orgasm
text: with loud shrieks, A MARINE jumps up and screams.
scene_heading: BETRAYED MARINE
dialog: That’s my wife! That’s my wife
dialog: fucking the neighbor! A goddamn
dialog: Squid!
text: Everyone starts to laugh, but the man continues to scream. We
text: see Swoff, not laughing, but disturbed: this is his own worse
text: nightmare about Kristina, playing right on the screen.
speaker_heading: BETRAYED MARINE (cont'd)
dialog: You fucking bitch! You slut!
text: He screams and begins to cry. The movie jerks to a stop.
text: Lights come on.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oL
text: Some of his buddies wrestle the Betrayed Marine out. He's
text: Still screaming as the docr slams behind him.
text: In the movie room there is a moment of absolute silence.
text: Swoff stares at the now closed door.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Fuck it. Let’s watch it again.
text: There's general agreement: “Fucking A! Get some!” Moving
text: like a robot, Swoff gets up and heads out the door.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Swoff? Where you going? Don't miss
dialog: this.
text: But Swoff is gone.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - REAR - NIGHT
text: Swoff assembles his M16 with infinite tenderness. The photo
text: of Kristina is right there, on the wall, next to him.
text: He holds out the firing pin before inserting it into the
text: bolt. He lifts the firing pin to his mouth, then slowly slips
text: it in, like he's tasting something forbidden.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)}
dialog: I love my rifle. It won't cheat on
dialog: me. I love it to fucking death.
dialog: It needs to fire. It needs to
dialog: shoot something. Who am I to stop
dialog: it?
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - REAR ~- NIGHT
text: Swoff lies in his rack, cradling his M16 like a lever. The
text: photo of Kristina is right by his face, propped on the side
dialog: table.
text: He sits up, moving very celiberately. He turns the picture
text: face down.
text: Very slowly, he puts the Ml6 muzzle in his mouth. He bends
text: at the waist and places the buttstock of the rifle against
text: the floor. He puts his thump cn the trigger.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.}
dialog: Cereprum, Cerebellum, Corpus
dialog: Callesum, Pineal Body, Medulla
dialog: Oblcngata.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: ~)
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V-O.) (cont'd)
dialog: The trip my bullet will take. The
text: JFK shot, but this time the pink
dialog: mist will be me.
text: You can hear the sound of his teeth scraping on the metal.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont’d)
text: IT turn the trigger selector.
dialog: (there's a soft click)
dialog: Burst. There’]l be three rounds,
text: not one, circling around inside my
dialog: skull.
text: He re-positions the rifle in his mouth.
text: His hand plays around the trigger. We study his face. Is he
dialog: going to do it? We can’t tell.
text: BANG! The decor slams open. Swoff looks up, confused, as
text: Troy enters the room.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What the fuck?!
text: He slaps Swoff hard against the back of his head and grabs
text: the weapon. Swoff stares for a moment, not registering what
text: has happened, thinking perhaps he’s already dead.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont‘d)
dialog: What the fuck, Fuck?
text: Swoff runs his tongue around his mouth.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: You chipped my tooth.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You‘d shoot yourself without
dialog: letting me watch? You selfish,
dialog: selfish fuck. I thought we were
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I was just fucking around. I knew
dialog: you were walking in the door.
text: Troy hits the eject button, drops the clip out, pulls back
text: the bolt and ejects the round from the chamber. Troy tosses
text: the rifle on the rack.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: They played the movie again. That
dialog: poor jarhead.
speaker_heading: {MOR=)
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: Half the battalion pivs assorted
dialog: tanker assholes car= '*' to watch
dialog: his wife get fucked. And you want
dialog: to kill yourself?
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I need to go for a run. Come on,
dialog: let's go.
text: Swoff doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: Let’s go.
text: He hauls Swoff up.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Swoff and Troy run the perimeter of the base. Troy snaps his
text: fingers as he runs to keep cadence. We hear that snapping,
text: and the rhythmic sound of their boots on the sand.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: If this is over Kristina, you need
dialog: to pull yourself together.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: It’s the waiting, the whole fucking
dialog: cock-tease. It’s the fucking
dialog: desert.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I don't give a fuck what it is,
dialog: just don't pull the goddamn
dialog: trigger.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR - NIGHT/DAY
text: They run and run. We follow them on a tour of the perimeter;
text: outside is the dark of the endless desert beyond the shadows
text: of the perimeter lights.
text: In pain, Troy rubs his groin. He’s chafed himself raw running
text: his friend back to sanity.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I wish I’d rubbed some Vaseline in
dialog: my crotch.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Me too.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Fuck it.
text: They keep running.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Fuck it.
text: In CUTS we see them run all night long. The darkness gives
text: way to sunrise. The Muezzin calls the Egyptians to prayer.
text: Finally, Swoff stops running. His face is beyond red.
text: Chapped and blistered, it is like some desert creature. But
text: he has stopped. Troy stops with him. His face looks even
dialog: worse.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Done?
text: Swoff nods.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Done.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR - DAY
text: Their Humvee passes through the gates, heads back into the
text: desert. Swoff takes a look back, back at the air-conditioned
text: world, then turns his face into the hot desert air.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY - LATER
scene_heading: ON SCREEN: TROOPS IN SAUDI ARABIA 400,000
text: The Humvee drives back into the snipers’ forward area.
text: More equipment and troops are there, big trucks and self-
text: propelled vehicles, more howitzers.
scene_heading: INT. S-2 TENT - LATER
text: Troy leads Swoff past rows of office marines working on maps.
text: Swoff’s a little reluctant.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Relax, no one’s going to know.
text: They come to CORPORAL HARRIGAN. His glasses sit crooked on
text: his nose. He's writing something on a computer; he talks
text: into his left shoulder, like ne has a phone cradled there.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft -~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: bo
speaker_heading: CCORPCRAL HARRIGAN
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I hear you've cot some good stuff.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL HARRIGAN
text: Fly rumor, on winged feet.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know what I’m doing?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL HARRIGAN
dialog: I'm writing a love letter for the
dialog: Major. I studied classics at
dialog: Dartmouth. I write all his letters
dialog: to his wife. “Dear sweet Gloria, I
dialog: wish I were up in you now with a
dialog: finger in your ass.”
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I don‘t think that’s what we want
dialog: to hear right now.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL HARRIGAN
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: There's just no market for poetry
dialog: any more.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Forty bucks. Five gallons.
scene_heading: EXT. S-2 TENT--~MOMENTS LATER
text: Troy and Swoff stand in front of a cargo container tucked
text: behind some tents. Corporal Harrigan emerges from the dark
text: anterior, carrying an enormous jug of homemade hooch.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL HARRIGAN
dialog: Chateau Riyadh. 1991.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - MORNING
text: Sunlight shines through the window. Swoff ilies drunk and
text: passed out on his racx. Troy’s rack 18 empty. Sergeant Siek
text: bangs in.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Swofford!
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 66
text: Swoff pulls himself out of his rack, blinking.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont‘d)
dialog: Tell me I am having a bad dream!
dialog: Tell me I didn‘t put your ass in
dialog: charge! Tell me we're not supposed
dialog: to be on patrol at Oh four thirty.
dialog: Tell me some sweet story about
dialog: screwing and I‘1l go back to sleep
dialog: and one of your asshole idiots will
dialog: call reveille!
text: Swoff can’t tell him that.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Swoff finds Fergus leaning against the Major‘s Humvee,
text: asleep. A half eaten peanut butter cracker from his mother’s
text: care package in one hand, his walkman in the other playing
text: the loop of his Harley Davidson.
text: Swoff kicks Fergus in the stomach. He comes up coughing
text: crackers and peanut butter and drops his walkman. We can
text: hear the sound of the Harley coming out of the headphones.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: What’s your problem Swoff?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: What the fuck time do you think it
dialog: might be?
text: Fergus blinks into the sunlight.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE - LATER THAT MORNING
text: Sweaty and pale, Swoff struggles to finish a bottle of water.
text: Empty water bottles are strewn around him. A line of full
text: water bottles are beside him.
scene_heading: SGT. SIEK
dialog: That’s it, drink it down. Drink it
dialog: all down.
text: Swoff sputters and chokes and gags. He turns and vomits and
text: moans. Siek gets down next to Swoff, speaking very quietly.
scene_heading: SERGEANT STEK
dialog: You’re not just fucked, Swofford.
dialog: You’re double possum fucked.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Revised 1st Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: Fucked twice by the same two-
dialog: = peckered possum.
dialog: Cc {beat )
dialog: Guess what's next?
scene_heading: EXT. SHITTER SUPPLY TENT- LATER
text: Swoff reports to the S-4 CLERK, PFC POTTINGER, who is in
dialog: charge of issuing a unique set of supplies from his make-
text: shift tent. PFC Pottinger affects the pose that he is sorry
dialog: this has occurred and he’1ll straighten it out as soon as he
text: can. He hands Swoff the tools of ignominy.
speaker_heading: PFC POTTINGER
dialog: One fence post.,.one pair welder’s
dialog: gloves...one pair tongs...five
dialog: gallons diesel fuel...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: +.-one box of matches.
text: Swoff takes it all, balancing the gloves, the tongs and the
text: metal fence post.
text: The clerk checks his papers, filling in the requisition.
speaker_heading: PFC POTTINGER (cont ‘dj
dialog: Returning?
dialog: C (beat)
dialog: When are you bringing them back?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: A week.
speaker_heading: PFC POTTINGER
dialog: Jesus.
text: Swoff turns to leave.
speaker_heading: PFC POTTINGER (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t forget to stir it...
text: Swoff turns back, a murderous look on his face.
scene_heading: PFC FPOTTINGER {cont'd}
dialog: .»-.while it’s burning...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sorry, dude.
dialog: Revised lst Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: =~)
scene_heading: EXT. SHITTER - DAY
text: A 3-hole, deluxe shitter, with hinged doors in back. Swoff
text: takes a breath, opens the door, and uses the tongs to pull
text: out the first 55-galion drum. It’s been spray painted with
text: names. Swoff recognizes one, which makes him smile, sort of.
text: He pulls out the other two barrels and pours in diesel fuel.
text: Just as Swoff starts to light the match MAJOR LINCOLN
text: approaches. He's a pompous, no bullshit African-American who
text: walks with an ex-athlete’s stiffness.
speaker_heading: MAJOR LINCOLN
dialog: Hold it right there, marine.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: MAJOR LINCOLN
dialog: Stick one of those back in.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: They’re already full of diesel
dialog: fuel.
speaker_heading: MAJOR LINCOLN
dialog: I don't give a shit if they’re full
dialog: of Chanel Number 5. I'm not
text: walking to the other side of the
dialog: perimeter for my morning glory.
text: Major Lincoln disappears inside the shitter.
text: As the door closes, Swoff takes out a box of matches and
text: strikes one. He lights a fuse of detonating cord. It crackles
text: and hisses as it snakes toward the shitter.
text: Swoff hits the deck and covers his head.
text: BOOM! We register the explosion on his face. Bits and pieces
text: of the shitter rain down. Swoff smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. SHITTER - SAME
text: Major Lincoln departs the utterly intact shitter.
speaker_heading: MAJOR LINCOLN
dialog: Thanks, Marine. I left you a little
dialog: present.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: by
speaker_heading: SWCFF
dialog: Thank you, Sir.
text: As Major Lincoln walks away, Swoff pulls out the barrel,
text: pours 1n a little more diesel fvel, then lights the barrels,
text: one at a time.
text: Bilious black smoke pours out, then blows into his face.
text: Swoff stirs the burning shit, looking like he's going to
dialog: throw up.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT - DAY
text: Swoff returns, his hands biack from the burnt barrels, his
text: face green. Troy is cleaning the sniper rifle.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You look like shit.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Help me with the bore.
text: He attaches a cotton pad to the end of the bore brush. Swoff
text: holds the rifle while Troy pushes down from the muzzle, Swoff
text: removes the cotten pad which emerges flower-like in the
text: chamber. It is meditative.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
text: Camel hair brush.
text: Swoff hands it to him and he pours lubricant on a cotton pad.
text: Troy brushes the scope. They handle the weapon and its parts
dialog: like lovers.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: There‘s a Lance Corporal. Motor
dialog: Pool.
dialog: They clean some more.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont‘d)
dialog: He‘'ll burn the shitters for the
dialog: rest of the weex.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Why would anyone do that?
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: py)
dialog: io
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: t’. inis place, man. It fucks you
dialog: up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Twenty bucks a day. Cash only, no
dialog: I0Us, no porn, no booze.
text: Swoff hesitates.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont‘d)
dialog: You‘re getting $80 a month cash.
dialog: What do you have to spend it on,
dialog: pogey bait from the Egyptians?
scene_heading: EXT. MOTOR POOL - LATER THAT DAY
text: LANCE CORPORAL MARTINI, a pasty-faced, stooped kid with
text: evasive eyes, slides out from under a HUMVEE.
scene_heading: LANCE CORPORAL MARTINI
dialog: Sure I'll do it.
text: Swoff hands him some money.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: 120 bucks. It's all there.
scene_heading: LANCE CORPORAL ‘MARTINI
dialog: Just leave the tongs and shit.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sure.
text: Swoff sets them down.
scene_heading: LANCE CORPORAL MARTINI
dialog: A week. You must have really
dialog: fucked up.
text: Lance Corporal Martini slides back under the Humvee.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Someone did. -
text: And it's Fergus he has in his mind.
scene_heading: INT. TENT ~ LATER THAT DAY
text: CLACK. KA-JAM. Metal on metal as Swoff slams his rifle back
text: together. He‘s sitting cross-leaged, his eyes net on his
text: rifle or his nands, which move with practised speed.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 71
text: His eyes are on Fergus, sitting across from him, also trying
text: to assemble his weapon.
text: In the b.g. Cortez sits vatching his MCPP suit.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Done.
text: Fergus finishes.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont'd)
dialog: Again.
text: He does it again, never taking his eyes off Fergus.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont'd)
dialog: Done.
text: Fergus, nervous, drops the bolt, then, his hands shaking,
text: slips it home.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont'd)
dialog: Again.
text: There is murder in his voice.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Swoff--
speaker_heading: SWOPF
dialog: Again!
text: They start again. Swoff's fingers fly. Fergus can’t do
dialog: anything right.
text: CLICK. CLACK. Swoff pulls back the lock.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont’d)
dialog: Done.
text: Fergus is not quite finished.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont'd)
dialog: How many’s that, Cortez?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: (barely looks up)
text: 26 in a row.
text: Swoff reaches down and slams in a magazine, Dulls back the
text: bolt and puts the muzzle against Fergus’ temple.
speaker_heading: SWOPF
dialog: Never, ever fuck over your buddies.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: fa
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: I didn’t mean to. It was an
dialog: accident.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Accident? Like right now when this
dialog: trigger slips? Course your mom and
dialog: dad in, where? .
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Kansas.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Kansas. They’ll be sad. I‘1l say
dialog: it was an accidental discharge. I
dialog: may even spend some time in the
dialog: brig, but I’1ll be the fuck out of
dialog: Saudi and I‘1l know what it’s like
dialog: to kill a man.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I am in the firing position known
text: as the sitting position. After the
dialog: prone position it is the platform
dialog: most likely to enable the Marine to
text: effectively kill his target. His
dialog: target being a human, generally an
dialog: enemy, but sometimes by mistake a
dialog: friend or friendly. We call this
dialog: friendly fire, or friendly fucking,
dialog: er getting friendly fucked.
text: swoff's rifle is pointed straight at Fergus’ head.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Come on Swoff, I’m really sorry. I
dialog: didn’t mean to Zee out on watch.
text: Swoff looks over to Cortez.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: What do you think Cortez? Do you
dialog: think I’ll accidentally kill your
dialog: homeboy frem boot camp?
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: Sure you'li kill him. Accidents
dialog: happen.
speaker_heading: SWCFF
dialog: You don’t see shit right?
dialog: Revised ist Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
text: He leaves.
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: I'm not here. This isn’t even ny
dialog: room. In fact, I'm really not
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Swoff I'm sorry, I was just sitting
dialog: there bored as fuck thinking about
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sorry? That‘’s what you say after
dialog: Iraqi sappers step right over your
dialog: sleeping ass and cut our fucking
dialog: throats?
text: He switches the rifle on and off safe. Click. Click.
dialog: Fergus is
dialog: muzzle of
speaker_heading: SWOFF {cont ‘d)
text: The M16 A2 service rifle is an air
text: assisted gas rifle that fires a
text: 5.56 millimeter ball projectile.
dialog: Maximum range 3,534 feet. Muzzle
dialog: velocity 3100 feet per second.
dialog: This is my rifle. Repeat after me.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: ..-this is my rifle...
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: There are many like it but this one
dialog: is mine. Repeat after me.
text: sniveling. The words come out in fragments. The
text: the Mi6 is right by his cheek.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: ---many...like...it...
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Without me my rifle is nothing-
dialog: Repeat after me.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: ++emy rafle...nacthing...
speaker_heading: SWCFF
dialog: Without my rifle I am nothing.
dialog: Repeat. After. Me.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
text: Fergus is moving his lips but we can’t hear what he is
text: saying. we are on Swoff's face. He really does want to
dialog: shoot Fergus. But...he...can‘t.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont'd)
dialog: Fuck.
text: Swoff pushes the magazine release button and the magazine
text: clanks down to the floor. He removes the round from the
text: chamber and sticks it in Fergus’s mouth.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont ’d}
dialog: Damn you, you can’t even die right.
text: He throws the rifle on the floor and walks out, leaving
text: Fergus with the round between his teeth.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: The sun is high in the sky. Desert and sky blend in the
text: glare. Swoff, Troy, and Escobar are on patrol. Escobar
text: carries the radio. Troy is clearly angry. He motions them to
text: stop. They face outward, but their relaxed posture tells us
dialog: that after all these months they don’t expect to encounter
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: {to Troy)
dialog: Come on, Man. It wasn't that big a
dialog: deal.
text: But Swoff'’s feeling of guilt tells him he knows it was.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You had a fucking round in the
dialog: chamber! You were locked and loaded
dialog: on him!
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: But he slept on watch. He fucked us
dialog: all over.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Look, you can kill Iraqis, you can
dialog: kill your fucking self, I don‘t
dialog: give a shit. But if you ever pull
dialog: crap like that again I will shoot
dialog: you myself, I swear to fucking god.
dialog: 
dialog: Troy,
dialog: Revised ist Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: lanl
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Don't fucking talk to me.
dialog: {beat}
dialog: Come on Escobar, let’s go chow down
dialog: over here.
text: As they start to move away Swoff hears something.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: Troy!
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What fucking now?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: There. I hear firing. (Over the
text: dune.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: It's an echo, man.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Like hell it is.
text: Swoff gathers his gear and starts up the dune, alone.
text: Troy watches him go, then turns to Escobar.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Fuck it. Come on.
text: And they follow Swoff up the dune.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOMENTS LATER
text: The three are moving tactically. They're suddenly on edge,
dialog: ready for anything.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Get on the radic. Find out if there
dialog: are any friendlies in the area.
text: Escobar works with the radio. He looks up. Not working.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Fucked.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Try the 5-foot drop.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 76
text: Escobar holds up the radio and drops it. Picks up the
dialog: hanaset. Nothing.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: The fucking Army has satellites and
dialog: we have this shit.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Fuck it.
text: They head up the next rise, moving carefully. Covering each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: There.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Where?
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - HIS VIEW
text: Some Bedouins appear out of a mirage, their robes gently
text: waving in the wind.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: They're spies. Are they spies?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Those are RPG's. Those are fucking
text: RPG’s under their robes.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: They've got anthrax in those RPG's.
dialog: We're going to fucking melt, man.
text: They’re winding each other up. Swoff begins repeating to
text: himself in Arabic, trying to get it right.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (Arabic. Subtitled)
dialog: Iam your friend. Drop your
dialog: weapons.
dialog: (trying again, Arabic)
dialog: I am your friend. Your friend.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (to Escobar}
dialog: Stay back and cover us. If you see
dialog: any weapons shoot the fuckers.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 77
text: Troy waves Escobar back. Ahead they see five camels. Swoff
text: switches his right thumb from burst to fire to safe and back
dialog: to burst. Click. Click.
text: One of the Bedouins waves. Troy waves back.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Let‘s shoot them. All of them,
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Easy. He just wants to talk.
text: The FIRST BEDOUIN comes up, squats a few feet in front of
text: them. He draws 1n the sand, speaking in Arabic, gesturing at
text: the camels. The First Bedouin has a gentle face. He is
dialog: scared.
text: Troy and Swoff can’t understand. More Bedouin emerge, eight
dialog: of them now, This is getting very tense. The First Bedouin
text: slowly reaches for Swoff‘s rifle, trying to show him
text: something. Swoff pushes him back. The First Bedouin turns to
text: Troy for help, gesturing.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: Give it to him.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Are you crazy?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Give it to him. He wants tc show us
dialog: something.
text: Swoff unloads his rifle, then hands it to the Bedouin, who
text: takes the weapon the way a child might, points it at the
text: camels and makes firing noises.
text: Troy and Swoff lock at each other.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
text: Eight men. Five camels.
text: The Bedouin inspects Swoff’s rifle. Swoff suddenly gets what
text: he's trying to do.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont‘d)}
text: He's looking for gunpowder. To see
dialog: if it’s been fired.
text: He reaches out to help the Bedovin check the bolt. The
text: Bedouin hasn‘t opened the rifle and doesn't want to give it
dialog: back.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOFF {cont'd)
dialog: It’s okay. It’s okay-
text: He smiles at the Bedovin and gestures. There's a connection
text: between them now. The Bedouin understands, hands the rifle
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont'd)
dialog: That‘s good. Good.
text: He opens up the bolt so that the Bedouin can check the
dialog: chamber.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont'd)
dialog: See?
text: It clearly hasn't been fired. The First Bedouin nods to
text: Swoff, turns and speaks in Arabic to the other Bedouin. The
text: tension dissolves. The First Bedouin hands the rifle back to
text: Swoff and nods in respect. Swoff nods back.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Hey man, we're sorry about your
dialog: camels--
text: The Bedouin nods to Troy as well, then walks away. The
text: others follow, back to the camels. Swoff and Troy watch them
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I wonder what dumb fuck played
text: target practice with their camels.
scene_heading: EXT. HUMVEE - LATER
text: The squad is riding in an open Humvee down the highway. swoff
text: and Troy have just told the Bedouin story. Welty, Fowler and
text: the others are laughing.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: You should have wasted ‘em. Bunch
dialog: ef sand niggers.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: They're not the iraqis, you
dialog: asshole.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Yeah, this is their fucking
dialog: country.
dialog: Revised ist Draft - 6/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: POWLER
dialog: You should sec what -ne 40 does to
dialog: the head of a fucking camel. *
text: Troy and Swoff share a look. Of course. Who else but Fowler
dialog: would have shot the camels?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: What does it do, Fowler?
speaker_heading: FOWLER
text: It turns it inside out into about
dialog: three fucking knots. Easy targets
text: too. Head shots like a
dialog: motherfucker.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You are truly an ass-hole.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: You just haven't got to kill
dialog: anything, that’s your problem.
text: As they talk a Mercedes Sedan approaches from the rear. It
text: floats back behind them, waiting to pass. In front is an
text: upper-class ARAB, in the back seat a veiled ARAB WOMAN.
speaker_heading: FOWLER (cont'd)
dialog: Check this out! ,
text: As the Mercedes passes, Fowler stands up, helds the crossbar
text: with one hand, and pulls his other hand to his mouth,
text: flicking his tongue between his fingers in an obscene
dialog: gesture.
text: Swoff can see the covered woman alone in the back of the
text: Mercedes. He watches as her eyes follow Fowler’s crude
text: gesture. He sees her eyes, locked on Fowler, register shock,
text: confusion, disgust.
text: Swoff stares as the Mercedes blows past.
speaker_heading: FOWLER (cont‘d)
dialog: That bitch will never forget me.
dialog: She wanted me.
text: swoff stares at Fowler.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - NIGHT
text: Swofif tries to sleep. Ze tosses and turns. We go in on his
dialog: face
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOFF'S DREAM
text: A bizarre, empty city-scape. A de Chirico painting. Swoff,
text: wanders through it. The alleys are numerous, the women in
text: them wear veils. All he sees is their eyes. Diseased dogs
text: wander, addicts do drugs. The sound of his footsteps on
dialog: pavement.
text: A veiled woman approaches. He sees her eyes above the veil.
text: It is Kristina. He tries to approach her but can get no
text: closer. She turns and heads out of the alley. Swoff follows
dialog: her.
text: Swoff turns out of the alley and he is in a giant reticle.
text: Someone else’s crosshairs. Light floods in. A shot rings
text: out. Swoff is shot through the eye. He holds his hand up to
text: his face. No blood. Where the eye was is a small black hole.
text: Fowler spray paints Swoff’s name on a warhead. It fires, a
text: streaming missile, it comes down, headed straight for him,
dialog: right into him and...
text: a@ Mercedes speeds by. Siek is driving. Kristina is in the
text: back seat. Staring at him, she lifts the veil, which becomes
text: the T-shirt in the photograph. She takes it off, revealing
text: her body which is shriveled like a mummy.
text: Swoff begins to cough, then choke. He vomits. Sand pours out
text: of his mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: Swoff comes awake, sweating. He runs his tongue around his
text: lips, tries to swallow. Shit. He lies back down, his eyes
text: open. We hear howitzers firing in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. HQ - NIGHT
text: Swoff and Troy man a .50 Cal sniper rifle set up on the roof.
text: Swoff is on the radio while Troy idly scans with the night
text: vision binoculars.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: It’s been weeks since anybody
dialog: complained about this place.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (shrugs)
text: It’s home now. It‘s comfortable.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: om)
speaker_heading: BL
speaker_heading: SWOFE
dialog: - guess you can get used to
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: TROY
text: At least it’s about to hit the fan.
dialog: I’m so fucking bored.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Scout-snipers, man. We lead the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You’re supposed to be the fucking
dialog: smart one. Wake up. What can we
dialog: shoot, Say, out to 1500 yards?
dialog: Man, in Vietnam, that was, what, a
dialog: week? In Worid War I, a year?
dialog: Here it’s going to be about ten
dialog: fucking seconds. By the time we
dialog: dial in our rifles the fucking war
dialog: is going to be a mile down the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: What're you saying, we’re not going
dialog: to get any kills?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Face facts, man.
text: Swoff stares at him, not believing gung-ho Troy is saying
dialog: this.
text: Then Troy sees something through his binoculars.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: Hey, check this out.
text: Swoff moves the scope over to look.
scene_heading: THROUGH SCOPE - HIS VIEW
text: An office, with a map on the wall. A Marine is updating it.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: The fucking General's office.
text: Swoff moves the rifle. The GENERAL appears, in the reticle,
text: looking very impatient, gesturing to a COLONEL. Swoff'’s
text: finger twitches on the trigger.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWCFF (cont’d)
dialog: Bang.
text: The General and the Colonel head out of the room.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Don’t even think about it.
text: Swoff moves the scope around the room and stops on 4
dialog: Television.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Look, the fucker’s got CNN.
text: The TV is set to CNN: A REPORTER is broadcasting news of a
text: SCUD attack in Israel. We see a smoking ruin, civilians in
text: gas masks. Troy begins to read the ticker-tape along the
dialog: bottom.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (reading, slowly)
dialog: Secretary of Defense Cheney sends
dialog: Delta Ferce to look for Scuds...
text: Just then the Marine who was updating the map checks to make
text: sure the officers have left, then changes the channel: it’s
dialog: now MTV. Madonna does “Vogue.”
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Isn’t that Madonna?
speaker_heading: TROY
text: Back to the map.
text: They both move their scopes back to the map. We see it more
text: clearly now.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont’d)
dialog: It’s the Sit Map, the real thing.
dialog: Everything they’re not fucking
dialog: telling us.
text: They lower their eye pieces, stare at each other. Holy shit.
text: Then they both look again.
dialog: 1
scene_heading: INT. TENT - NIGHT - LATER
text: The snipers gather around a map they’ve made up to be the
text: exact duplicate of the general's. Troy finishes up some
text: markings based on notes he has in his hand, then turns to
text: start explaining it to the other snipers. Swoff sits still
text: and silent. All this is getting to him.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: as
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Cxay, here we are, First Mar Div.
text: Just South of the oil fields in
text: South Kuwait fifty miles inland.
dialog: The Second's directly to our west.
dialog: This is ovr planned line of
dialog: assault.
text: They stare at it, each imagining the shit hitting the fan.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont’d)
dialog: Here's the math. On the infantry
dialog: level, we’re outnumbered three to
dialog: one.
text: Escobar whistles softly. The men look at each other.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: What‘s that, there, in front of our
dialog: assault route?
speaker_heading: VEGH
dialog: Iraqi artillery...13,14,15
dialog: battalions. We’ve got three.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: And look. An Iraqi armored brigade-
dialog: -state of the art Soviet tanks.
text: West, to east, across the middle of
dialog: Kuwait. And an armored division,
text: just south of the oil fields.
text: Right in front of us.
text: They're all quiet for a moment.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: I hear they shipped in a hundred
text: thousand body bags.
text: This sinks in on Swoff. He has a feeling of impending doom.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Do they come in sizes?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Seriously, man. I mean Welty, you
dialog: could fit two of him in Kuehn’s
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What difference does it make?
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: i just want a good fit.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: b4
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: No wrinkles, richt, .° -k?
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Fucking A, someone's gotta look
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (suddenly exploding)
dialog: You're just dead, stinking up the
dialog: cargo plane, man, stinking it up
dialog: with dead fucking you and all the
dialog: other dead fucking jarheads. Maybe
dialog: some of us, who the fuck knows.
dialog: That's why we wear these...
text: (he holds out his dog tag)
dialog: We know who the fuck we are when
dialog: we're alive...This is death man,
dialog: death around our necks...we got
dialog: death around our necks.
text: They all stare at Swoff. For a moment no one knows what to
dialog: Bay.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: That‘s deep.
speaker_heading: KUERN
dialog: Too many books, man. Screws up
dialog: your head.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (after a moment,
dialog: practical)
dialog: Dog tag check.
text: They all start checking their dog tags. Swoff has one around
text: his neck, one in the loop of his boot. This is the standard
text: style, but there are many variations. Troy’s are painted
text: Marine Corps green; Welty’s shit brown. Escobar has four
text: taped together and wrapped with camouflage desert tape.
text: Vegh starts picking something off his.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: What the hell’s that?
text: It's a hair, a very curly hair Vegh has taped to his tags.
speaker_heading: VEGH
dialog: (Hungarian accent, quite
dialog: serious}
dialog: It is a pubic hair of my wife.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: v2
dialog: 
text: They ..axes them ali laugh, especially with the accent.
text: Fine _y even Swoff starts to smile. He picks up a letter and
text: Opens it. Some pictures fall out. He looks at’ them before he
text: reads the letter.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Motherfucker.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What‘s up?
text: Swoff hands him the pictures. One of them looks’ like a party.
text: His mother is in white next to a beardless round-faced man in
text: @ white tuxedo. . In another shot he is kissing Swoff’s
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: What does this look like to you?
text: Troy looks through the pictures, shuffles them back and
text: forth, returns once or twice to one of them.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Hell Swoff, looks to me like your
dialog: mom just married some fat dude.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: My mom married some guy I don’t
dialog: even know. She could have waited
dialog: until I died in the fucking war or
dialog: made it home alive, don’t you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: We're jarheads, man. Nobody gives
dialog: a fuck.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Doesn't matter. She's my mother
dialog: and she married a stranger. She
dialog: made me a step son and I had
dialog: nothing to say about it. What if I
dialog: don't like the motherfucker?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Swoffie, it's not really your
dialog: business. Your mom fell in love,
dialog: she got married. You're a grown
dialog: man, she’s a grown woman. Sne
dialog: couldn't wait.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: Time doesn't stop back in the world
dialog: man, just because we're about to be
dialog: ir the shit. Nothing stays the
dialog: same, not our mothers, not our
dialog: girlfriends, not nobody. They live
dialog: their lives, man.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: What the fuck do you know? You're
dialog: engaged to a woman you’ve never
dialog: even fucked,
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: That’s because we're saving each
dialog: other for marriage.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Bullshit. What about all those
dialog: Okinawa whores?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Overseas. Doesn’t count.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: You don’t know shit!
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I know you’re a jarhead. That's
dialog: all I need to know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jar-fucking-head.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Marine Corps Birthday?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Marine Corps Birthday, goddamnit!
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: November 10, 1775. Older than the
dialog: USA.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Fucking A. Birthplace?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Tun Tavern, Philadelphia.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Tarawa?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Bloodiest battle of Worid War Iz.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Dan Daly? .
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: ef
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Killed “7 Chinese by hand during
dialog: Boxer Rebellion. 1900.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Deadliest weapon on earth?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: {into it now)
dialog: The Marine and his rifle!
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You want to win your war?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Tell it to the Marines!
text: Troy explodes into song. He’s the ring-master now.
speaker_heading: TROY
text: From the halls of Montezuma, to the
dialog: shores of Tripoli--
text: All the others join in.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: --we will fight our country's
dialog: battles on the air and, land and
dialog: sea.
text: Vegh jumps in, shouting over the song, with fake malice.
speaker_heading: VEGH
dialog: (Hungarian accent)
dialog: Give me a fucking break jarheads!
dialog: You cum suckers don’t love my
dialog: Corps. You shitbags dishonor the
dialog: memory of Chesty Puller every day
dialog: with your lazy asses lying around
dialog: on these cots Like god damned
dialog: desert princes jerking your rotten
dialog: clits.
dialog: (beat)
text: Bends and thrusts. Bends and
dialog: thrusts. My Hungarian
dialog: grandmother’s harder than you
dialog: Swofford!
text: The tension explodes. They pretend to be ODIs to each other.
text: The whole hooch is on the floor doing push-ups and squat
text: thrusts.
text: Someone knocks the foreboding map over.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
text: Troy and Kuehn go back and forth, pointing fingers in each
text: others faces, impersonating their favorite DI's, the ones
dialog: they hated the most, the same ones who taught them the most.
text: Someone begins to bend heavy wire. As the wire is bent, a
text: blow torch appears. As the thrashing goes on we CUT back and
text: forth to see the wire as it is heated up. The others head-
text: butt and chest-slam each other.
text: Now the wire glows red hot. As the tension reaches its peak,
text: Troy shouts.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Now! Now! Now!
text: They grab Swoff and hold him down. He looks and sees the
text: brand... They’re all around, yelling. The brand comes down.
text: Swoff’s face as it touches his skin.
text: He screams. Then his face slowly changes from rage and pain
text: to a kind of acceptance.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: I no longer care that my mother has
dialog: completed the crucifixion of my
dialog: family and married someone I‘ve
dialog: never met. I have a new family.
text: We linger on Swoff as Troy grabs him and holds him.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Semper fi, asshole.
speaker_heading: SWOFF {V.0.)
dialog: We turn the inside of our hooch
text: into a circus and inside of the
dialog: circus we cannot be injured.
dialog: Inside ef our circus we cannot be
dialog: touched.
text: The chaos continues all around him.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont’d)
dialog: But we are insane to believe this.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ~ DAY
text: Total confusion. Trucks grind gears. Tank engines scream,
text: their tracks churning sand. Tents are struck. The whole
text: battalion is mounting up on trucks and Humvees and riding on
dialog: tanks.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: By
text: In full gear, Swoff and the snipers climb into their Humvee.
speaker_heading: C SWOFF (V.O.}
dialog: The United States Congress supports
dialog: the President's demand for
dialog: offensive action against Saddam
text: Hussein. The last ultimatum is
dialog: issued. We move to the Kuwaiti
dialog: border. The war is so close we can
dialog: taste it.
scene_heading: EXT. BERM - DAY
text: Swoff and his team get out of their Humvee. We are just below
text: a tall berm that marks the Kuwaiti border,
scene_heading: EXT. BERM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sergeant Seik speaks to the STA platoon. He has a laminated
text: briefing sheet in his hands. The men are edgy and nervous.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Listen up numb nuts. I’ve been
dialog: ordered to read you what Mister
dialog: Sedom Insane has just said to the
dialog: Iraqi people. Please do not
dialog: c consider this a bunch of bullshit.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “The mother of all battles is upon
dialog: us. The sacrifices the Iraqi people
dialog: will make are equal to the
dialog: importance of the victory. Kuwait
dialog: is the branch that must be returned
text: to the tree. The blood of infidels
dialog: will flow like a river. Jihad is
dialog: the way of all Arab people.”
text: He pronounces jihad as jye-had.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: What the fuck is jye-had?
speaker_heading: KOEHN
dialog: It means he thinks they can kick
dialog: our asses with the help of Allah.
dialog: We are the sinners. We are the
text: infidels and thus easily defeated
dialog: due to our sinning and other pad
dialog: behavior.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: I've been sinning since I was
dialog: fourteen. They don’t know that in
dialog: America sinning makes you strong.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: We are now Operation Desert Storm,
dialog: and we are the eye of the storm. We
dialog: are the fucking righteous hammer of
dialog: God.
text: That sinks in. They all stare away, into themselves.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
text: Pass out the syringes.
text: Welty starts to pass out syringes. Swoff takes his.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: We don’t know when we'll be going
dialog: in. We do know there will be gas
dialog: and it will be fucking nasty.
dialog: These here are Atropine Oxime
dialog: injectors that go with your PB pill
dialog: paks. In the event that you’re
dialog: attacked by nerve agents such as
dialog: Somad, those agents will produce
dialog: immediate casualties if you do not
dialog: deploy these counter measures most
dialog: Rikki Tik.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Why the fuck have we already taken
dialog: one cycle of PB and we‘re just now
dialog: being issued the Atropine and Oxime
dialog: injectors?
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: (eyes rolling)
dialog: Shut the fuck up, Kuehn.
speaker_heading: SWOFE
dialog: They don’t want any chemically dead
text: fighters on CNN.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: In 1987 Sodom Insane used chemical
dialog: weapons on the Kurds. Killed
dialog: thousands of them, like fucking
dialog: that.
dialog: (snaps fingers)
speaker_heading: (MORE}
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
speaker_heading: YL
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: The ones that didn’t die, their
dialog: fucking new pabies are deformed:
dialog: eight tees to a foot, mz “nal
dialog: openings, retarded, blina--such
dialog: fucked up iittle fuckers it would
dialog: be better just to kill them. You
dialog: want that, don’t take the pills.
dialog: You don't want that...
dialog: (beat )
dialog: «..take the fucking pills!
text: There's silence as that sinks in. We are on Swoff.
scene_heading: SGT. STIEK
dialog: So. Remove one pill from your PB
dialog: pack. Now place the pill on your
dialog: tongue.
dialog: (they do)
dialog: Take your canteen from you~ belt
dialog: and swallow water and pill.
dialog: {they do)
dialog: Now don't you feel better?
text: Kuehn turns, spits his pill out and kicks sand over it.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Now dig in. Dig your holes with the
dialog: hands God gave you.
scene_heading: EXT. BERM ~ DAY
text: The sounds of E-tools striking wet sand. Thump. Scrape.
text: Thump. Scrape. It’s a percussive rhythm. swoff and Troy
text: are well down into their fighting hole.
text: To the rear, American howitzers fire. Boom. Boom. Adding a
text: deep bass to the percussive concert. Planes fly overhead.
text: Kuehn pokes his head up from the next hole.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: (re: the howitzers)
dialog: Soften those ragheads up!
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: They better. I hear the Iraqis have
dialog: brought their big arty up. Russian
dialog: stuff. 175‘s, 8 inchers, even
text: bigger. Gas warheads.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Forget the gas.
dialog: Revised ist Draft ~ 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Forget the gas? Are you nuts?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Can you do a fucking thing about
dialog: it?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then forget it.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Doesn’t feel like digging a hole.
text: Feels like digging a grave.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Then make it deeper, you fat fuck.
scene_heading: EXT. FOXHOLES - NIGHT
text: Swoff and Troy are peeing and watching bombs explode across
text: the horizon. We hear the distant rumble of explosions like
text: thunder and see flashes, strobe-like, across the whole line
dialog: of Iraqi positions.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Those poor fuckers.
text: Troy pulls a flask of whiskey from his cargo pocket.
text: TROY .
dialog: The real stuff. I've been saving it
dialog: for the shit.
text: Swoff takes a long drink. He passes the flask back.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I didn’t think it would happen. All
dialog: those deadlines. All that talk.
dialog: It‘s a real mother-fucking war.
dialog: Bombs and shit. Chemical weapons.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Welcome to the mother-fucker.
text: Troy takes a long swig.
text: A LOW SCREAMING SOUND comes across the sky, taking us to:
scene_heading: EXT. BERM-DAY
text: Swoff and Troy are in their hole, eating breakfast. The
text: SCREAMING SOUND intensifies. Troy and Swoff look at each
dialog: other. What the fuck is that?
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: ~)
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (0.S.)
dialog: Incoming!!!
text: For a moment we linger on Troy and Swoff and then the penny
text: drops. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! They throw themselves face down as
text: incoming rounds EXPLODE all around them like fierce, blazing
text: fists. We see the effects of the incoming in quick cuts.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Fuck this goddamn shit! oh fuck
dialog: god I love my wife!
text: Welty is laughing and shrieking. Cortez and Escobar scream
dialog: in Spanish.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: I didn't do it! I didn’t do it!
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Rockets! Rockets!
text: Swoff lies crying out to his mother. They all do, to Mom and
text: Jesus. The men’s screams continue over the sounds of the
text: rounds coming in. The sand, where the rounds have impacted,
text: looks like an abstract charcoal portrait.
text: Swoff stares over to where his flak jacket, helmet, weapons
text: and gas mask are stacked by his ‘fighting hole. More rounds
dialog: come in.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Gas! Gas! Gas! \
text: Troy and Swoff exchange a look. More rounds explode. Do
dialog: they die from the explosions or the gas?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Fuck.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Fuck.
text: In the midst of the explosions, Troy crawls out of the hole
text: and grabs the gas masks. Sand rains down. Swoff and Troy
text: desperately don and clear their gas masks. It‘s crazy,
text: disjointed, scary. We hear the sound of Swoff breathing
text: inside his gas mask and the sound of his breathing becomes
text: the sound of his crying. .
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: I‘m not crying because I'm afraid,
dialog: although I am scared shitiess.
speaker_heading: {MORE}
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: -~N)
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont'd)
text: I’m crying because I’m finally in
dialog: combat. My combat action has
dialog: commenced.
text: Suddenly there is an eerie silence. Swoff rolls over and
text: looks down at himself.
text: To his surprise he has pissed all over himself. Great gouts
text: of piss, soaking his trousers, his socks, his bceots.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont ‘d)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Jesus.
text: Troy shouts to the others.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Everyone okay?
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: Yeah, but we could've not been. We
dialog: could've not been.
text: Sergeant Siek jumps into their position, gas mask on.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: We've got to find their fucking
dialog: F.O.!
text: His voice comes oddly muddled. Théy stare at Siek through
text: their gas masks. He rips his gas mask off.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont‘d}
dialog: Their fucking F.O.! He’s got us
dialog: dialed in! We've got to spot him.
text: More rounds come down.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Our radio’s dead. We couldn’t call
dialog: it in.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Go to the comm shack. Get some
dialog: batteries.
text: Swoff stares across the desert.
scene_heading: HIS VIEW - COMM SHACK
text: It’s a long way away.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
text: Tu's 2CC meters.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SERGEANT STEX
dialog: Run tactically. “c-~ ail your
dialog: gear. Good luck.
dialog: 
text: Swoff doesn’t move.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont‘d)}
dialog: It ain't gonna get any closer.
scene_heading: EXT, BERM - DAY - SWOFF RUNNING
text: Geared up, Swoff pulls on his gas mask and starts to run.
text: He's not twenty yards from the hole when we hear a shout.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Incoming!
text: Rounds explode. We hear screams from wounded. Shouts of
text: “Corpsman! Corpsmen up! Jesus!” Welty heads out with his
text: Unit One. In the b.g. we see him treating a screaming
text: wounded Marine.
text: Swoff runs, his feet slipping in the sand, breathing hard,
text: _the sand falling around him. He trips, falls into the sand,
text: gets up, runs again. It’s amazingly slow.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Bo not die now. Do not die now.
text: Rounds explode all around him. American jets scream over,
text: headed for the Iragi artillery.
scene_heading: INT. COMM SHACK - DAY
text: A LANCE CORPORAL hands Swoff the batteries.
speaker_heading: LANCE CORPORAL
dialog: That’s a long fucking run, huh?
text: Swoff stares at him, then looks out the bunker. More rounds
text: land. He summons his courage and heads out.
scene_heading: EXT. BERM - FIGHTING HCLE - MOMENTS LATES
text: swoff falls back into the hole breathing nard, tears running
text: down is face. Ke has the batteries.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What took you so long?
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: “i
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Fuck you.
scene_heading: EXT. BERM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Troy and Swoff take their scopes and crawl up to the top of
dialog: the berm.
text: They scan the area.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You see anything?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: A fucking desert and nothing else.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Get on the radio.
text: Swoff picks up the handset. Clicks it. Nothing. He looks up
text: at Troy, not believing the radio‘’s still dead.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont‘d)
dialog: The fucking fucker’s fucking
dialog: fucked.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I just ran through incoming to get
dialog: dead fucking batteries.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Welcome to the suck.
scene_heading: EXT. BERM ~ LATER
text: Jets zoom over, screaming in the sky, headed for the Iraqi
text: forward observers positions.
text: Swoff strains to see through his spetter scope. But all he
text: can make out are flashes on the horizon. The bombs make a
text: soft thud, like an E-tool striking a skull. Dust rises from
dialog: where the bombs landed.
text: Swoff slowly lowers his scope.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Look at that dust cloud. It’s like
dialog: those dead fuckers last breath.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Motherfucker.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
text: Psy-Ops helicopters fly overhead playing tapnes of The Doors.
text: Propaganz: -camphlets blow gently ecross the desert.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: That’s fucking Vietnam music.
dialog: Can't we get our own music?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Sounds okay to me.
text: He looks to his left, then looks again.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: What the fuck is that?
text: Swoff stares. A huge column of black smoke rises, then
text: another, then another.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: The oii wells, man. They've lit the
dialog: oil wells.
text: All along the horizon fires spout up, one after another.
text: Black smoke curls to the sky.
text: We hear a sound like rain. Swoff looks down at his arm.
text: Black gooey drops start to fall on it. He touches and tastes
text: it. Kuehn appears, wired.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: It’s oil, boys. It’s raining oil.
dialog: -Hallelujah. You ever see that
dialog: movie, Giant? James Dean, man,
dialog: dancing in oil.
dialog: (beat, James Dean
dialog: imitation)
dialog: My well came in, Bick. I'ma rich
dialog: Man. Richer than you.
text: The oil gently falls.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Those Iraqis, they burn their own
dialog: oil wells. They'd do anything
dialog: They cut out your liver and eat it.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Who told you that? Your mother?
dialog: They're just like us, man. They're
text: lying out there, scared, just like
dialog: us.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
text: Swoff sticks out his tongue to catch some of the oil that's
text: still raining down on them. There‘s an oily slickness to
text: everything. Drops of o1l hit Swoff’s tongue.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Swoff, close your mouth. That
dialog: shit's poison.
text: Swoff keeps his mouth open. Kuehn does, too.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: It's black blood. The earth is
text: bleeding.
text: Sergeant Siek appears.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Get your shit together. We’re
text: attacking. MOPP Two.
scene_heading: EXT. BERM - MOMENTS LATER
text: The STA men are in front, their MOPP suits on, loose, no gas
text: masks. Behind them the Battalion has formed up in a column.
text: Troy and Swoff are checking each other’s gear, making sure
text: nothing is loose. It’s very quiet. Nothing more to say.
text: More Harriers fly overhead. American Artillery fires, deep,
text: gut-rattling booms.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOMENTS LATER
text: They head down the other side of the berm, into Kuwait. We
text: see each of our men, MOPP suits loosely on. The suits are
text: still in jungle camouflage.
text: WIDE SHOT: the men, tiny in the landscape.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: When you take the first steps of
dialog: your first combat patrol, you are
dialog: newborn, and every boot-step you
dialog: take is one step closer to, or
dialog: farther away from, the land of the
dialog: living. And the strangest thing
dialog: about it is...
text: Sweating and exhausted, they crest a dune. Suddenly they see
text: it, a sight unlike anything anyone has ever seen.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: -+-you never know which way you're
dialog: walking until you're there.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
dialog: The results of all that air power and artillery: terrible
text: destruction, burnt-out and bombed-out enemy vehicles, bodies
text: dead in the vehicles or blown from them.
text: Hundreds of destroyed Iragi vehicles, both military and
text: civilian, line the side of the road, frozen in destruction as
text: they tried to flee.
text: The men move into it, speechless.
text: They stop. Troy and Swoff and the mei stare at the Iraqi
text: bodies and then at each other.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (after a long silence)
dialog: The poor bastards never had a
dialog: chance.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Fuck it.
text: Swotf stares up the highway at the endless line of
dialog: destruction.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - ROAD OF DEATH - DAY
text: We CRANE UP and see a blackened scar on the desert,
text: stretching for miles as far as we can see, death into the
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: They stop in a small draw for a water break. The destruction
text: surrounds them like an amphitheater. They barely make a
dialog: sound.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: (eventually)
dialog: Might as well eat.
text: The boys break out their powdered cocca and dehydrated pears
text: in silence.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Hey, Fergus, want my spagnett
dialog: 
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: ~!
text: Fergus stares at Swoff. This is the man who held his rifle
text: against Fergus’ head, now of*<~°ng him his main meal.
speaker_heading: FERGUS
dialog: Sure, Swoff. Thanks.
text: He takes it. Swoff wipes his hands. He sticks his crackers
text: in his pocket.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I’ve got to take a dump.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Stay in voice contact, man.
text: Swoff nods and heads up the rise.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOMENTS LATER
text: As Swoff crests the rise, he sees the remains of a bombed
text: Iraqi convoy» Twelve vehicles are in a circle. Bodies are
text: gathered around what must have been a campfire. They are
text: burned to a black crisp. Swoff stops and stares, taking in
text: the horror of it. A few men are dead in the cabs of the
text: trucks. The hatch of one troop carrier is open. It is
text: packed with bodies.
text: The men around the fire are bent forward at the waist,
text: sitting dead on large steel ammo boxes. The bodies are in the
dialog: same positions that Swoff's buddies were in just moments
text: before. On either side are blackened bomb depressions like
text: the marks a fist would make in clay.
text: Swoff vomits. And again, swishing it around in his mouth as
text: if to cover the stink and taste of death.
text: Swoff walks to the fire circle. There is a vacant ammunition
text: box, as if reserved for him. He spits into the fire hole,
text: the last of the bile in his mouth.
text: He takes out his crackers. Six tin coffee cups sit among the
text: remains of the fire. The men’s boots are cooked to their
text: feet. The man to Swoff’s right has no head. To his left,
text: the man’s head 1s between his legs, his arms hang at his
text: side. Insects swarm.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0O.)
dialog: I want to ask the dead men their
dialog: names and identification numbers
dialog: and tell them this will end soon.
dialog: They must have questions for me.
speaker_heading: ‘MORE}
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: But there is distance between the
dialog: living and the dead. I could bend
dialog: et the waist, close my eyes, and
dialog: try to join these men in their
dialog: tight dead circle...
text: We PULL BACK to see Swoff sitting there, in the circle of the
text: dead, chewing his crackers.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: ++-but I am not yet one of them.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOMENTS LATER
text: The men look up to see Swoff coming back over the rise,
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: What took you so long?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Anything over there?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: No.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: They bivouac within two hundred yards of the burning oil
text: wells. The flames shoot hundreds of feet into the air. The
text: sounds they make are like exhales of extinct beasts. They dig
text: individual prone shelters in sand, black and soaked in oil.
text: Kuehn stops digging.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: EI can’t take this any more man. I
dialog: need to get out of this fucking
dialog: oil.
speaker_heading: TRCY
dialog: Big your fucking hole.
text: Kuehn starts to speak but only a sort of animal scream comes
text: out. Troy grabs Kuehn’s shoulders and shakes him.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: Wake up Kuehn! Come back to me.
dialog: Come back to us. This is war,
dialog: baby. This is your war.
text: Kuehn slowly cathers hirself tegether.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: ave
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: GSoddamnit. You know I'm here to
dialog: szaght. I just got to get the heil
dialog: out of this oil.
text: He sinks down to the sand.
speaker_heading: KUEEN (cont'd)
dialog: This fucking oil.
text: Swoff drapes his poncho over Kuehn as he lies there shaking.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: No sweat, Kuehn. I’11]1 dig your
dialog: shelter for you.
speaker_heading: VOICE
speaker_heading: GAS!
text: They all scramble to put their gas masks on. Cortez can't
text: find his mask. He jumps out and runs in circles.
speaker_heading: CORTEZ
dialog: I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die!
text: Escobar tackles him, rips his own gas mask off and forces it
text: over Cortez’s face to quiet him.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR
dialog: Shut up and breathe, you crazy
dialog: fucking Mexican!
text: Still panicked and wild-eyed, Cortez begins to breathe.
speaker_heading: ESCOBAR (cont'd)
dialog: {to Cortez) :
dialog: You okay amigo? You okay?
dialog: Tranquilo? Tranquilo?
text: Cortez nods. Swoff stares at them, the two antagonists,
text: Cortez in Escobar’s arms like a child.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MORNING
text: Sunlight peeks through the pillars of smoke and strikes
text: Swoff’s gas mask, which is stuck to his face. He peels the
text: mask away and gulps in some air. Drops of oil spot his face.
text: The fires rage around them. Sergeant Siek stands there.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Swoff, you and Troy are going with
dialog: Fox Company.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: They‘re going to take the Air
dialog: Fieid. The rest of us‘il
text: rendezous with the trucks and
dialog: troop carriers. We'li extract you
dialog: at 0800 on Day 2. Now we've had
dialog: beaucoup surrenders. Whole fucking
text: units. But the Republican Guard is
dialog: still out there. And they are most
dialog: definitely hard core. So keep your
dialog: shit together.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Troy and Swoff jump up onto a 5-ton. The grunts eye their
text: high tech sniper rifles.
speaker_heading: GRUNT 1
dialog: Look. The Ninjas have arrived.
speaker_heading: GRUNT 2
dialog: We're safe now, boys.
text: Their voices are dripping with irony. Swoff and Troy get in,
dialog: silent.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: A convoy snakes across the desert: TANKS, APC’s, 5-TONS
text: jammed with Marines.
text: We see Swoff and Troy in the midst of this firepower.
scene_heading: EXT. 5-TON - DAY
text: The convoy is Stopped. Up ehead is a rise. A GRUNT RADIOMAN
text: looks up from his radio.
speaker_heading: GRUNT RADIOMAN
text: Snipers up.
text: swoff and Troy hesitate for a millisecond.
speaker_heading: GRUNT RADIOMAN (cont'd)
text: The Six 1s up on the ridge there.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: With Celonel Kazickis, Swoff and Troy are looking down on the
text: air fieid. Swoff and Troy have their scopes.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: ive
scene_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS
dialog: What do you have?
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I count a hundred, maybe a hundred
dialog: and fifty. They've got RPG's.
text: Couple of quad-50's. Two anti-tank
dialog: rifles.
speaker_heading: TROY
text: Officers in the control tower.
text: Swoff shifts his scope. His POV: two tiny figures in a
text: distant tower.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Got ‘em. 1800 meters.
speaker_heading: TROY
text: Wind south southeast five.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: We need half a click.
scene_heading: COLONEL KAZICKIS
dialog: Go over two dunes, dig your hide.
text: All the air is tied up farther
dialog: north until 17:30. That’s how long
dialog: you‘ve got to show me if'STA stands
dialog: for Sun Tan Association.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: In their ghillie suits, Swoff and Troy move tactically up a
text: dune. In the b.g. we see the battalion pulling back into
dialog: defilade.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - LATER
text: Swoff and Troy scramble up the next dune.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT/THROUGH SCOPE - INTERCUT - STILL LATER
text: They position themselves in the sand, carefully concealed.
text: The sun has moved across the sxy. They lock through the
dialog: scope.
text: We see the contro} tower. The officers are gone.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: oo
dialog: avo
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Shit.
text: Troy squints at the setting sun. Swoff keeps his eyes in the
dialog: scope.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Light‘s going. We're fucked.
text: Swoff reaches over and taps his helmet. Troy looks through
text: his binoculars.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: Thank you God.
dialog: (into radio)
text: Officer in control tower.
text: The Iraqi officers have climbed back up into the tower.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Range.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: 1200 meters.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Wind.
speaker_heading: TROY
text: Five to seven, west to east.
dialog: {into radio)
dialog: Request permission to take the
dialog: shot.
text: swoff dials in the data.
speaker_heading: SWOEFF
dialog: Set.
text: THROUGH SCOPE we can see the Iraqi officers. They're
text: arguing. One wants to fight, the other doesn’t. The light
text: bathes in the reticle. That moment every sniper dreams about.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: {into radio)
dialog: We nave the shor.
dialog: (inte radio)
dialog: Affirmative.
dialog: (beat, to Swoff}
dialog: Permission to fire.
text: He picks us his Dincculers, begins his cnant.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Dreft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: Fire...fire...
text: Swoff‘’s finger tightens, light flows into the scope, and
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: MAJOR LINCOLN (0.S.)
dialog: What the fuck frequency are you on?
text: Swoff and Troy turn to see what the hell is going on. Major
text: Lincoln, the same Major who took a dump in Swoff's ready-to-
text: burn shitter, is standing there, with a RADIOMAN and a
text: PRIVATE, who carries a beach chair.
speaker_heading: MAJOR LINCOLN (cont ’d)
dialog: I had to hump all the way over
dialog: here. We got air. I’m calling it
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: What the fuck--?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: We have permission to take the
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: MAJOR LINCOLN
dialog: Tough break. But you were only
dialog: going to waste one guy. Watch this,
dialog: it‘1l blow your fucking mind.
text: The Private opens the lawn chair.
speaker_heading: MAJOR LINCOLN (cont’d)
dialog: (re: the chair}
text: Bad knees. College football.
text: Major Lincoln sits in the chair and nods to the Radioman, who
text: hands him the handset. Troy and Swoff can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: MAJOR LINCOLN (cont'd)
dialog: You never know how many chances
dialog: you’re gonna get to do this.
text: Major Lincoln begins calling in the coordinates for the air
dialog: strike.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOMENTS LATER
text: We see the combat unfoid from Troy and Swoff's POV. All they
text: can do is sit and watch, awed spectators.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: al
text: Jets scream over. BOOM! The whole control tower disappears.
text: Black smoke pours out where the tower was.
text: American tanks assault the airfield.
text: The tanks maneuver, fire, maneuver.
text: Dirt clouds mushroom in the desert.
text: Iraqis fire their 50's.
text: BOOM! One of the quad 50’s is blown up.
text: Marines spread out on line, pouring out of the APC's.
text: A few Iraqis drop their weapons and begin to run.
text: More jets arrive, dropping high white phosphorous.
scene_heading: EXT. HIDE - MAGIC HOUR
text: It’s later. Major Lincoln and his entourage have gone. The
text: airfield is a smoldering mess. We find Troy and Swoff in
text: their hide, the light from the fires playing across their
text: faces. We hear on their radio the orders and messages, the
text: sounds of war. Far away.
text: Finally Swoff turns to Troy.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: We ever going to get to kill
dialog: anyone?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Fuck if I know.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I‘ve been thinking. Marrying a
dialog: jarhead. It’s like kissing your
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Erica’s not a jazhead, shit for
dialog: brains. She’s a Woman Marine.
text: With emphasis on the woman.
speaker_heading: SWOFP
dialog: Whatever works, man. I can't say a
dialog: word, the way I’ve fucked up.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: You haven’t fucked up. Katrina’s
dialog: still there for you. You come back,
dialog: big tough marine in those dress
dialog: blues, medals all over your chest,
dialog: you think she'll stay with a
dialog: fucking clerk??
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Night manager.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Whatever. The point is, she‘ll be
dialog: there for you, you just gotta trust
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: You’re talking about a woman,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Hey, don‘t be bitter, man. I’m not.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Me? I’m stuck in the fucking
text: desert, with a retard engaged to a
dialog: retard, surrounded by fucking
dialog: Iraqis with chemical weapons, whiie
dialog: every Jody in the world is banging
dialog: my girlfriend.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: But you love it.
dialog: ive
text: After a moment, as the radio war heats up: with sounds of
text: firing and screaming.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Sure. What’s not to love?
text: The radio sputters and dies. Silence. They realize they are
text: completely alone.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont‘d)
dialog: Where the fucx is our relief?
text: Troy looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I've never not had a pick up. Siek
dialog: wouldn't allow it. He’d run out
dialog: here and carry us back on his
dialog: fucking shcoulicers.
dialog: Revised ist Draft
dialog: - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: or:
dialog: Aue
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Maybe they gave Fergus the map and
dialog: compass.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Even Fergus would find us. Let's
dialog: lock and load and go find out what
dialog: the fuck.
text: They hear a screaming sound in the sky.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Fucking Scuds! They’re Scudding
dialog: the battalion:
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: We don’t know that. Could be
dialog: Friendly.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: You ever hear Friendly sound like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Fuck.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MAGIC HOUR
text: Troy and Swoff are walking on foot, alone, across the eerie
text: emptiness, terrified. Fires burn. Smoke covers the sun,
text: which has nearly set. The flames and smoke lick the edge of
dialog: the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT
text: Night now. The scene is lit by the otherworldly light of
text: burning oil fires. They come over a dune just as rounds land
text: near-by. Shit! They dive to the ground. For a moment they lie
text: there as the sounds of the incoming fade.
text: Then, suddenly, the sand gives way beneath them! They are
text: falling with the sand, rolling down.
text: Whomp. They come to rest at the entrance to an Iraqi bunker
text: exposed by the explosions. It’s spooky in the shadows.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Come on, man.
speaker_heading: SWCFE
dialog: I gotta check it cut.
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: iiv
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Swoff adjusts his eyes to the half darkness. The fires
text: outside cast strange shadows. The bunker is empty. The
text: Iraqis have dug shelves into the walls. On one shelf is the
text: picture of a woman with a young boy. Swoff runs his hand
text: over the shelf. Magazines in Arabic are stacked neatly.
text: Some cigarettes. Letters. A few items of gear.
text: He hears a sound, a familiar jingling. He looks for it.
text: Across the way something glitters in the fire light. Swoff
text: walks to it. It‘s a set of Iraqi dog tags, swinging gently
text: from a stick stuck into the side of the bunker.
text: Swoff reaches for them, takes a step closer. His hand closes
text: around them. CLICK. He freezes.
text: He slowly looks down at his feet.
scene_heading: HIS VIEW - BOOBY TRAP
text: A gentle breeze blows some sand away beneath his boot.
text: There, under his foot is a pressure~release BOOBY TRAP.
scene_heading: ON SWOFF - SAME
text: Swoff‘s face turns pale. His leg shakes as he tries to keep
dialog: his foot down. ‘
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Troy...
text: He wants to yell but it’s barely a whisper. He licks his
text: lips, tries again.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont’d)
dialog: Troy:
scene_heading: EXT. BUNKER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Troy’s head appears in the entry.
speaker_heading: SWOFPF
dialog: Stop the fuck! Right there!
text: Troy doesn’t understand.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont’d)
dialog: Booby traps, man. I’m standing
dialog: right on cne.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Easy, don’t meve. Easy.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: I don't want to die.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Easy. I’m coming.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: No! You’1ll blow us both up!
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Shut up.
text: He drops to his knees and crawls forward, probing gentiy with
text: his knife in the floor of the bunker.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Motherfucker!:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: Troy lies next to Swoff. He has his bayonet out.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: It’s pressure release; so don't
dialog: move, ckay? Fucking Bouncing
dialog: Betty’1ll blow off my head and your
dialog: balls.
speaker_heading: SWOPF
dialog: I'm not moving.
text: Troy works his bayonet under Swoff's foot, then shifts his
text: weight. We hear another CLICK.
text: They look at each other. Another one.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont'd)
dialog: No fucking way.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: We're fucked.
speaker_heading: SWOFT
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Right under my butt.
text: Swett slowly pulls cut nis knife.
dialog: Revised list Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Steady, man.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: No shit.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: You get mine?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Here goes.
text: Swoff glowly lifts off his foot. Troy holds the pressure on.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (cont‘d)
dialog: (pretends to leave)
dialog: See you.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Fuck you.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Swoff digs under Troy’s butt as Troy holds his knife on
text: Swoff's booby trap. Swoff slips his knife under Troy. Very
text: slowly.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Got it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Take off your pack. Slowly.
text: Swoff starts to, very carefully.
text: Swoff sets his pack on Troy's knife. Troy slowly pulls his
dialog: knife out. No explosion. One to go.
speaker_heading: TROY (cont'd)
dialog: Okay. Okay. Good.
text: Troy rolls off Swoff’s xnife. He sets his own pack on
dialog: swoff's knife,
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: Stop fucking shaking.
dialog: Revised ist Pratt - 4/20/04
dialog: 
text: He starts to pull his knife out, so slowly. There is utter
dialog: silence
scene_heading: EXT. BUNKER - MOMENTS LATER
text: They emerge from the bunker into the desert, into the eerie
text: shadows of the burning oil wells. We linger on Swoff’s face,
text: still so scared, so glad to be alive. He and Troy share a
dialog: look. They've just shared something only they will ever
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: (finally)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let’s go.
text: They begin to walk.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Finally they come up to the berm. Black smoke pours up from
text: the other side. A very bad sign. Troy pauses and loads a
text: grenade into his breech. They approach the top of the rise.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: They're all dead, Troy, I know it,
dialog: They fucking gassed ‘em.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - SAME
text: They start to crawl up the back of the berm. Swoff's face is
text: full of foreboding at what they will find.
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: “What‘’s that noise?
text: And now we hear it toc. A weird kind of counding and
text: screaming.
speaker_heading: SworF
dialog: Fuck, man, they’re doing ’em right
dialog: now.
text: They crest the top cf the berm. The first thing they see are
text: what looxs like two neacs impaled on sticks. Holy shit.
dialog: 
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
text: They look closer, to see: two gas masks stuck on rifles that
text: have been planted upright in the sand.
text: They look past the gas masks and what they see is...
scene_heading: EXT. BATTALION POSITION - THEIR VIEW
text: .-Men lying naked on sleeping pads, in the light of the
text: burning wells. Weapons and rucks and uniforms are strewn
text: about the camp. A wild football game is in progress.
text: Sergeant Siek is handing out cigars and dancing shirtless and
text: playing a kazoo. The Who is piping through the conm towers.
text: That's the weird sound they heard. Other men burn their
text: chemical weapons suits in a huge bonfire. And that’s the
text: Pillar of black smoke they saw.
text: Some Marines roast marshmallows in the tlames. Others toss
text: Frisbees. A few play poker and shoot craps in the firelight.
text: Troy and Swoff can't believe it.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTALION POSITION - MOMENTS LATER
text: In full combat gear, Swoff and Troy walk into the
text: celebration. Naked Marines dance around them. The contrast
text: between Swoff and Troy with their weapons and combat gear is
text: intense. Siek comes up with a big smile.
scene_heading: SERGEANT SIEK
dialog: Shit. You were still out there.
dialog: Sorry.
text: He looks at Swoff and Troy in their full gear and laughs.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd)
dialog: You guys are overdressed. Didn't
dialog: you read the fucking invitation?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey, smile, the motherfucker is
dialog: over. You didn't die.
text: He shoves cigars in their mouths. They stand there, still
text: not taking it in. Kuehn comes up, totally smashed, waving his
dialog: rifle.
speaker_heading: KUEHN
dialog: It‘s over, it’s fucking over!
text: He fires his M16 into the air, one burst, then another.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/25/04
dialog: er
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: VEGE
dialog: Set some!
text: Escobar and Cortez begin to dance around, doing salsa with
text: each other, screaming in Spanish.
speaker_heading: WELTY
dialog: Fuck! Bitch!
text: He screams and fires. Troy takes his rifle, fires it once.
text: Grins. This is great. He fires some more, and starts to
dialog: scream.
text: Swoff watches them all go crazy. And then suddenly his face
text: changes, he gives himself permission. And now he is firing
text: too, firing and screaming. They all are.
text: Firing from the hip. Not even aiming. Ejected cartridges
text: fill the air, gleaming in the firelignt like fireflies.
text: Machine guns kick in now. Tracers etch the sky like light
text: pens.
text: They're dancing now, on one foot then on the other, firing
text: their weapons and dancing in circles like pagans around a
text: fire. Screaming. Laughing. Weeping.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O-)
dialog: Many of the men who live through
dialog: war don’t understand why they were
dialog: spared. They think they’re still
dialog: alive in order to return home and
dialog: make money and fuck their wife and
text: get drunk and wave the flag.
text: And above them is the night sky, lit by burning wells,
text: crisscrossed by tracers.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: I went to war. And I am entitled to
dialog: say: we belonged to 4 fucked
dialog: situation.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS--DAY
text: Swoff looks out a window at a welcoming varade. The other
text: snipers ride with him.
scene_heading: EXT. TWENTY-NINE PALMS - CALIFCRNIA - DAY
text: Twenty yellow school buses rumble into a town on the high
dialog: desert.
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
dialog: ~~
dialog: 116
text: People are cheering, an enthusiastic if rather ragged and
text: anticlimactic crowd. They throw plastic yellow ribbons, wave
dialog: flags.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - SAME
text: A can of beer comes hurling through the window. Troy picks
text: it up and opens it, spewing beer everywhere. The bus stops.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - SAME
text: Kuehn pulls a VIETNAM VET onto the bus. He wears tattered
text: jeans and a faded camouflage blouse with his Vietnam medais.
text: All the horseplay stops and everyone stares at him. The vet
text: closes his mouth and licks his cracked lips.
speaker_heading: VIETNAM VET
dialog: Thank you. Thank you Jarheads.
dialog: They all mutter. Sure. No sweat.
speaker_heading: VIETNAM VET (cont’d)
dialog: I’m a Vietnam Vet. 26th Marines.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We're not all baby killers. You
dialog: made them see that. You did.
text: Outside we hear the cheers of the crowd, we see the waving of
dialog: the flags.
speaker_heading: VIETNAM VET (cont’d)
dialog: Semper Fi, you mother-fuckers,
dialog: Semper Fi.
text: We look at the faces of these men we've come to know, ending
text: with Swoff. It’s silent on the bus.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: That sad Vietnam vet in his faded
text: camies, haunted by jungle ghosts,
dialog: lost in America...he is me.
scene_heading: EXT. FILIPINO BAR - NIG
speaker_heading: T
dialog: ~
dialog: 
text: Welty stumbles out of a
text: a bar girl om his arm.
text: 2pino bar, blinxing in the light,
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
text: That jarhead stumbling out of a bar
text: in the PI with a bar girl, madly in
text: drunk hangover love with each other
dialog: and all things American, which you
dialog: can tell by the American flag
text: miniskirt she’s wearing and the
text: red, white and blue heels, and the
text: patriotic shit-eating grin on his
dialog: face, goddam, that is me.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER ~ SANTA CRUZ - DAY
text: A pot-bellied older Vegh tries to handle his wife and 3 kids,
text: who are covered with 1ce cream and kicking each other.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: That one, with the stupid
dialog: regulation mustachio, the
text: overweight wife from his hometown
text: of Bumfuck and three kids in tow,
dialog: that jarhead is me.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Looking smooth in a 3-piece suit, Kuehn gives orders to a
text: group of other young executives.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
text: That smooth operator, moving up the
text: ladder, taking no prisoners,
dialog: shooting to ki11, that jarhead is
dialog: me.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - SACRAMENTO - DAY
text: Kristina stands by the door of a cottage, staring at Swoff,
text: who returns her look with such longing.
text: They stare at each other, so much between them, so much anger
text: and lust and love and pain. Just then a figure appears beside
text: her, a MAN. His hand goes to her shoulder, her hand covers
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: That peor stiff who comes home from
dialog: the war, and everything he thought
dialog: would be waiting for him is gone,
dialog: that pcor dumb fuck, that tarhead
dialog: is me.
dialog: 
scene_heading: Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 118
text: The door closes on Swoff.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE ~ IOWA ~ NIGHT
text: Another door opens. A long-haired bearded guy in a knit cap
text: stands there. Swoff doesn’t recognize him. Swoff himself is
text: older now, lost a little hair, put on a few pounds. The
text: stranger pulls off his knit cap. It’s Fergus.
scene_heading: EXT. IOWA - NIGHT
text: The two of them are shit-faced drunk, running through the ,
text: snow-covered streets, shouting cadence to each other, singing
text: obscene marching songs.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.)
dialog: Those jarheads, drunk and rude,
text: shouting their bad behavior and
dialog: their Jarhead bullshit into the
dialog: quietest civilian recesses, the
dialog: guys everyone loves so long as they
dialog: are somewhere else, those jarheads
dialog: are me.
scene_heading: INT. FUNERAL HOME - MICHIGAN - DAY
text: We see the faces of Fergus, Kuehn, Welty, Escobar, Fowler,
text: Vegh, all much changed, and finally Swoff, looking down into
text: a casket.
speaker_heading: SWOFF
dialog: That guy in the casket, who wanted
dialog: nothing more than to be a jarhead
text: all his life, who's driving home
text: from his dead-end civilian job and
text: flips his car on black ice, he is
dialog: me.
text: And what they see is: Troy, lying dead in the casket.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY ~ SERIES OF SHOTS
text: WIDE on everyone with the priest speaking over the casket.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.}
dialog: And that man, who'd offer his life
dialog: to go back for the chance to kill,
dialog: that is me.
scene_heading: Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: t
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: diy
text: We go to Swoff's face.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0O.}) (cont’d)
dialog: But that jarhead who knows that
dialog: when that major took away his «ill
dialog: he handed him his life, that is
dialog: also me.
text: The casket is lowered into the grave. Swoff’s eyes are wet.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont’d)
dialog: And all the jarheads killing and
dialog: dying in every shit corner of the
dialog: world from 1775 till tomorrow, they
dialog: will always be me.
text: FROM ABOVE now, as the men disperse, saying their last good-
text: byes to each other, going their separate ways, one by one.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - IOWA
text: Swoff stands at the window, looking out.
text: HIS POV: Snow falls gently. A whiteness, like a shroud,
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.}
dialog: When I despair, I am alone, and I
dialog: am often alone. In crowded rooms
dialog: and walking the streets of our
dialog: cities, I am alone and full of
dialog: despair.
text: We are back on Swoff, staring out at the snow. We hear the
text: words from the beginning of the movie.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont‘d)
text: Awake, asleep, high heat of the
text: afternoon or the few soft sunless
dialog: hours of early morning...
text: And now we see what he sees. The snow has become the desert.
text: Vast, endless, shimmering in the light ci the dying sun.
speaker_heading: SWOFF (V.O.)} (cont'd)
dialog: +--T am still in the desert.
text: And new, in the distance, we see two figures.
text: Troy and Swoff, trying to find their way home.
scene_heading: FADE TO WHITE
scene_heading: Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
dialog: 
