text: "STILLNESS IN THE WATER"
speaker_heading: AKA:
speaker_heading: "JAWS"
dialog: by
dialog: Carl Gottlieb
dialog: and
dialog: Peter Benchley
dialog: From the novel
dialog: by
dialog: Peter Benchley
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK
text: Sounds of the innerspaces rushing forward.
text: Then a splinter of blue light in the center of the picture.
text: It breaks wide, showing the top and bottom a silhouetted
text: curtain of razor sharp teeth suggesting that we are inside
text: of a tremendous gullet, looking out at the onrushing undersea
text: world at night. HEAR a symphony of underwater sounds:
text: landslide, metabolic sounds, the rare and secret noises that
dialog: certain undersea species share with each other. Also, the
text: hint of familiar music, twisted and distorted by the depths.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: EXT. BEACH – NIGHT – SHARK'S POINT OF VIEW – RISING OUT OF
text: THE WATER, LOOKING AT
text: It is a pleasant, moonlit, windless night in mid-June. We
text: see a long straight stretch of white beach. Behind the low
text: dunes are the dark shapes of large expensive houses. Hear a
text: number of voices singing. It sounds like an eastern
text: university's alma mater, no longer distorted.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH – NIGHT – ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Around a blazing bonfire, a group of young men and women,
text: beer cans (or maybe a keg) in evidence, as well as the bota
text: Spanish leather wine-bag much in favor by beach and ski-bum
dialog: types.
text: The group is swapping sentimental alma maters, weepily singing
dialog: eastern Ivy League anthems -– Dartmouth, Cornell, Harvard,
text: Penn, etc. Two young people break away from the others. They
text: are Tom Cassidy and Chrissie. Behind them, there is
text: considerable necking activity; Tom and Chrissie are more
dialog: serious.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: Makes a clumsy attempt at snaring Chrissie, cups her from
text: behind. She squirms playfully out of his grasp. We discover
text: he's not especially sober.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hey! Hey hey! I'm with you, right?
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE BEACH – NIGHT
text: Tom and Chrissie are separated from the others, silhouetted
text: against the fire, she pauses and looks at the ocean, he is
text: plodding along in the sand, winded.
text: Chrissie runs down the slope of the dune towards the water,
text: leaving Tom reeling atop the dune. As she runs, she is
text: shedding her clothes. Tom is trying to trail her by her
text: clothes, like Hansel following bread crumbs through the woods.
text: But Chrissie is way ahead of him.
speaker_heading: CHRISSIE
dialog: C'mon!
text: She runs headlong into the inviting sea, plunges cleanly
text: into the water with a light "Whoops!" as the cold water sweeps
text: over her.
text: Behind all this, we continue to hear the sentimental, beery
dialog: chorus of alma maters.
text: Then we see it -- a gentle bulge in the water, a ripple that
text: passes her a dozen feet away. A pressure wave lifts her up,
text: then eases her down again, like a smooth, sudden swell.
speaker_heading: CHRISSIE
dialog: Tommy? Don't dunk me...
text: She looks around for him, finds him still on the beach, his
text: feet tangled in his pants, which have dropped around his
text: ankles. She starts to swim back in to him.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRISSIE IN THE WATER
text: Her expression freezes. The water-bulge is racing towards
text: her. The first bump jolts her upright, out of the water to
text: her hips. She reaches under water to touch her leg. Whatever
text: she feels makes her open her mouth to scream, but she is
text: slammed again, hard, whipped into an arc of about eight feet,
text: up and down, submerging her down to her open mouth, choking
text: off any scream she might try to make. Another jolt to her
text: body, driving her under so that only her hair swirls on the
text: surface. Then it too is sucked below in a final and terrible
text: jerking motion. HOLD on the eddies and swirls until we're
dialog: sure it's all over.
text: EXT. CLOSE ON TOM ON BEACH
text: In his shorts, laughing to himself, turning in slow stoned
text: circles, held prisoner by his windbreaker which seems to
text: have him in an armlock, as he struggles to free his arm from
text: a tight sleeve. As he turns, we hear the alma maters in the
text: background, from the fire.
scene_heading: INT. BRODY HOUSE - BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: A shaft of morning sun blasts through the crack between the
text: bottom of the shade and the windowsill, falling across the
text: heads of the sleeping couple on the bed. It catches Martin
text: Brody right across the eyes, bringing him up from sleep.
text: The job is completed by the clock radio, which clicks on
text: with local fisherman's report and weather.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Hayes Landing reports conditions
dialog: good, with stripers and jacks. The
dialog: Coast Guard has no storm warning
dialog: from Block Island to Cape Hatteras;
text: a light chop with freshening winds,
dialog: continued clear and mild... (etc.)
text: Ellen Brody burrows her head under the covers, avoiding
text: morning for a few precious minutes more.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: How come the sun didn't used to shine
dialog: in here?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: 'cause when we bought the house it
dialog: was Autumn. This is summer. Feed the
dialog: dogs.
text: We hear the scampering toenails of two cocker spaniels
text: scrabbling around the foot of the bed. Brody swings out of
text: bed, wearing shorts, socks, and tee shirt.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Do you see the kids?
speaker_heading: BRODY
text: Probably out in the back yard.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: In Amity, you say 'Yahd.'
dialog: (she gives it the
dialog: Boston sound)
speaker_heading: BRODY
text: The kids are in the yahd, playing
dialog: near the cah. How's that sound?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Like you're from N'Yawk.
dialog: (gives it Brooklyn
dialog: sound)
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Give me 30 years, I'll get it.
text: He leads the dogs out of the bedroom and down to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. BRODY KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Brody enters, sets down some dog food, goes to make coffee,
text: starts to fill kettle to boil water, the cold water rushes
text: through and out the burnt-out bottom of the kettle.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Did you burn another kettle? Y'know
dialog: you're a fire hazard? This is the
dialog: third one!
speaker_heading: ELLEN (O.S.)
dialog: I never hear the whistle.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Feed the dogs.
text: Ellen Brody, a tall, attractive blonde woman, enters from
text: upstairs. She's still slightly sleepy, not what you'd call
text: an "Instant-On" person. Mornings are not her best time.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You want to go through those?
dialog: (she indicates bag of
dialog: clothes)
dialog: I'm taking them to the Thrift Shop.
dialog: It's Marcia Vaughn's pet charity.
dialog: Pick out what you want to keep --
dialog: it's mostly your city clothes.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (looking through bag,
dialog: remembering)
dialog: I used to wear this to the Garden.
text: Garbage strikes. Dog shit. Muggers.
dialog: (he puts it all behind)
dialog: Ship it.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Don't be silly -– You're going to
dialog: make summer better for them...
text: Before Brody can answer, Michael, his oldest boy, enters,
text: holding his hand. There is bright new blood on it, but he is
text: sensibly unconcerned. It's a normal childhood scrape.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Cut my hand. Hit by a vampire.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: On the swing? I told you not to play
dialog: near there until I sanded it down.
dialog: (to Ellen)
dialog: See what your son did?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Go upstairs and bring Mommy a band-
dialog: aid.
text: Michael goes on out and upstairs. Ellen fumbles in her pocket
text: and produces Brody's new glasses, which she holds out to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Don't forget these.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Oh, yeah.
dialog: (he puts them on)
dialog: How do I look? Older, huh?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I think they make you look sexy.
text: Brody reacts to this, and bends to kiss her lightly. Then
dialog: more seriously.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Sexy, hm? What was I before?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
text: Older, sillier.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (as he goes to make
text: coffee, he fumbles
dialog: with the new glasses)
dialog: I don't want to depend on these
dialog: things, y'know -– sometimes you can
dialog: weaken your eyes.
text: He looks out the window to the view beyond, discovering some
text: new wonder in the fresh sunlit morning.
text: BRODY'S POINT OF VIEW – OUTSIDE THE HOUSE
text: Sean, the younger child, is happily romping in the summer
text: air, enjoying the very air he breathes.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Let's see...
text: The phone rings.
scene_heading: INT. BRODY KITCHEN – DAY
text: Brody answers one of two phones on the wall.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Brody... yeah, what's up... mmm...
dialog: Well, what do they usually do, float
dialog: or wash up? Really?... okay, I'll
dialog: meet both of you at the beach in
dialog: (checks watch)
dialog: ...20 minutes, okay? Okay.
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: First goddamn weekend of the summer.
text: Michael reenters in bathing trunks, with a towel on his
text: shoulder, his hand washed, holding a band-aid ready for
text: application. Ellen takes it, and bandages the finger with
dialog: care and affection.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: There.
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: What was that?
text: Michael heads toward the beach.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (struggling to get
text: his shirt on over
dialog: his glasses)
dialog: The office.
text: He gets his shirt on with Ellen's help. She flicks imaginary
text: dust from the badge on his chest.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Be careful.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Here? You gotta be kiddin'.
text: He gives her a light kiss, starts to go, with his cup.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Love ya.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (kissing him back)
dialog: Hey Chief. Bring my cup back.
text: At the door, he takes a windbreaker off a peg and goes on
dialog: out.
text: We can see the Amity Police shoulder patch as he goes to a
text: van parked outside.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND HIGHWAY - MORNING
text: Martin Brody's Country Squire police wagon rushes past, taking
text: the view to an enormous billboard depicting a typical summer
text: day in Amity. A beautiful model splashes in the gold surf,
text: languishing in a Solarcaine sun. AMITY WELCOMES YOU is written
text: above her flailing arms.
scene_heading: EXT. AMITY BEACH - DAY
text: Three small figures in the landscape, walking the beach. The
text: surf is rough and there is sea-floor debris strewn about
text: from the receding tide.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Deputy Hendricks is searching the shore about one hundred
text: yards down wind. Meanwhile, Brody, in his casual police
text: attire, and Tom Cassidy, still in the clothing we saw him in
text: last night, walk down the beach. Brody fingers the missing
text: girl's shoes, purse and clothes. In the daylight, Cassidy
text: misconducts himself, wavering between inflated maturity and
text: tear-blown adolescence.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Christine what?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Worthingsly... Worthington -- no one
dialog: ever died on me before.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You picked her up on the ferry.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I didn't know her.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: And nobody else saw her in the water?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Somebody could've -- I was sort of
dialog: passed out.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Think she might've run out on you?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Oh, no, sir. I've never had a woman
dialog: do that. I'm sure she drowned.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You from around here?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: No. Cambridge. Harvard. My family's
dialog: in Tuxedo, New York, though.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You here for the summer?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Some friends and me took a house.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (genuinely curious)
dialog: What d'you pay for a place just for
dialog: the summer?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: A thousand apiece, something like
dialog: that. There's five of us. And we
dialog: each kick in a hundred a week for
dialog: beer and cleaning, stuff like that.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Pretty stiff.
text: A shrill whistle makes them turn. Hendricks is fifty yards
text: away, on his knees. He blows again, a feeble report this
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Maybe that's your girl.
text: Brody runs toward Hendricks, Cassidy hesitates, then follows
dialog: with:
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (pathetically)
dialog: You can't make me look -- !
scene_heading: MASTER ANGLE - THE SAND DUNE
text: A skein of seaweed garnishes the base of this isolated dune.
text: The booming waves and fizzing surf make dialogue inaudible.
text: Deputy Hendricks on hands and knees, looking white as a sheet.
text: Brody tells Cassidy to wait at the foot of the dune, and
text: ventures up. Hendricks stops him with a wave-off, saying
text: something at the same time. Brody nods understanding and
text: steps up cautiously and looks down. He adjusts his glasses,
text: trying to make sense of what he is looking at.
text: Whatever he sees has a marked effect on his entire physique.
text: Kicking out with his foot, Brody sends dozens of angry
text: horseshoe crabs into an escape frenzy and they boil over the
text: top of the dune and down its slopes.
text: Cassidy takes a few uneasy steps backwards when Brody waves
text: him over. He shakes his head. An awkward moment. Then Cassidy
text: shuffles forward and up the few remaining feet, his eyes
text: looking everywhere but down. Brody says something else and
text: Cassidy shakes his head again, eyes out at sea. Brody puts
text: his hand gently around the quaking man's shoulder.
text: Nodding, he starts to look down, an inch at a time. He looks.
text: He, too, can't make out what it is at first. Then he
dialog: understands.
text: The jolt that assaults Cassidy is not unexpected. He falls
text: backward in a sitting position as though shot. Nods yes --
text: it's her. Brody turns and slides off the dune, stumbling
text: close. Hear his breathing. He looks around, envisioning the
dialog: week ahead of him....
speaker_heading: QUICK SHARP CUT
text: Chrissie's remains, incomplete from the chest down, horribly
dialog: bitten. (NOTE: See Hooper's dialog in Sc. 91 for complete
dialog: description of corpse.)
scene_heading: INT. BRODY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Brody walks through the door and enters his office, holding
text: a fizzing glass of Alka-Seltzer. Polly, his sixty-one year
text: old secretary follows close on his heels with her shorthand
text: pad of messages and reminders.
text: In the outer office, Hendricks and Cassidy slump into chairs,
text: sipping from fizzing dixie cups.
text: Brody dips into file drawers for the appropriate forms. He
text: gently turns on Polly, who is behind him.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: If this is going to work, you've got
dialog: to keep current stuff out here, and
dialog: put 'closed' files in there. The
dialog: 'Pendings' stay on my desk, okay?
text: Brody slips behind his typewriter, putting paper in the
text: machine with the effortless ease of years of practice. He's
dialog: obviously no stranger to paperwork. He touch types, hardly
text: ever looking down, checking his notes and listening with one
dialog: ear to Polly.
text: He is affected by what he's seen, but there's work to be
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: This is in no order of importance,
dialog: Chief: There's a meeting on the Amity
dialog: Town Council on Aging this Monday
text: night, Bentoncourt Hall. The Fire
dialog: Inspector wants you to go over the
dialog: fireworks site with him before he
text: catches the one o'clock ferry. Mainly,
dialog: you have a batch of calls about that
dialog: new Karate school.
scene_heading: CLOSE - ACCIDENT REPORT
text: Brody has just typed the girl's name. He skips the space for
text: Cause-of-Death, and just under it types the Next-of-Kin
text: information he has collected from her wallet.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Searle's Rent-a-Bike, the Rainy Ale,
dialog: Tisberry's Hardware... they say it's
dialog: those nine-year-olds from the school
dialog: practicing karate on all those nice
text: picket fences.
text: The phone rings and Polly picks it up.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: It's the Coroner. Somebody pass away
dialog: in the night?
text: Brody nestles the phone between ear and collar, listening,
text: as he turns to the typewriter.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Jesus, Santos.
scene_heading: INSERT - ACCIDENT REPORT
text: Cause-of-Death line rolls into place. The hammers punch out:
scene_heading: SHARK ATTACK.
speaker_heading: BRODY
text: leans forward, staring at what he just wrote. Polly cocks
text: her head and removes the phone from his ear.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: What's the matter?
text: Brody takes a breath. A new resolve comes over him.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Polly, I want to know what water
dialog: recreation is on for today.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Right this minute?
text: Brody gets up and moves hastily toward the door.
scene_heading: BRODY'S OUTER OFFICE
text: Cassidy and Hendricks look up as Brody enters.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (To Hendricks)
dialog: Where'd you hide the 'Beach Closed'
dialog: signs?
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: We never had any. What's the problem?
text: A local merchant comes through the door.
speaker_heading: LOCAL MERCHANT
dialog: Glad I caught you. There's a city
text: truck with New Hampshire plates parked
dialog: right in front of my...
text: Brody pushes past him and out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. AMITY MAIN STREET – DAY
text: In the busy center of a town preparing for the big Fourth of
text: July weekend, Brody wends his way around sidewalk activity,
text: purpose and haste in each stride. As he turns a corner a
text: little man in a white smock emerges from the Funeral Parlor.
text: This is Carl Santos, Amity's part-time coroner. Santos looks
text: both ways before crossing Colonial Drive.
text: Brody passes Keisel's Bicycle Rental, navigating an awkward
text: course through an odd assortment of Schwinns that line the
text: sidewalk in front of a demolished white picket fence. Keisel
text: intercepts Brody on the run.
speaker_heading: KEISEL
text: (he stares at Brody's
dialog: face)
dialog: Wait-a-minute.
dialog: (stares some more)
dialog: Glasses, right?
text: Brody nods yes, and starts to move away, but Keisel holds on
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: KEISEL
dialog: Look at those fences! Little guys
dialog: about eight to ten years old. And
dialog: look at this!
text: He holds up bicycle. The bicycle's spokes are bent and broken
text: from some sort of blows.
speaker_heading: KEISEL
dialog: They did that with their bare hands.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Call me later in the day, okay, Harry?
scene_heading: ANGLE - AMITY GAZETTE NEWSPAPER OFFICE - PORCH
text: Santos emerges with Ben Meadows, the stylish, late-thirties
text: editor of the Amity Gazette. Together they cut a beeline for
text: the other side of the street.
scene_heading: ANGLE - AMITY STREET
text: Past taverns and chowder shacks, past bleacher construction
text: and July Fourth posters, Brody enters Hardware and Sporting
text: Goods... so overstocked that beach umbrellas, aluminum deck
text: chairs, and rainbow beach towels splash a surplus of color
text: from the display window to the sidewalk.
scene_heading: INT. HARDWARE STORE – DAY
text: The store proprietor is busy at work on an inventory list
text: with a mainland delivery man.
speaker_heading: LYNWOOD
dialog: Stuff's no good to me in August when
dialog: the Pilgrims come in June...
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Go on and help yourself to whatever
dialog: you need, Chief. Can you work the
dialog: register?
scene_heading: EXT. HARDWARE STORE AND STREET - DAY
text: Brody emerges with enough poster-board, wooden stakes, nails,
text: paint, and brushes to close every beach on the island. He
text: starts back the way he came when Hendricks shoots up the
text: street in the patrol jeep. He stops fast enough to call
text: attention, leans out the window.
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: Polly told me to tell you there's a
dialog: scout troop in Avril Bay doing the
dialog: mile swim for their Merit Badges. I
dialog: couldn't call them in, there's no
dialog: phone out there.
speaker_heading: BRODY
text: (hands him the sign
dialog: material)
dialog: Get out of there – take these back
dialog: to the office and make up some 'Beach
dialog: Closed' signs, and let Polly do the
dialog: printing.
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: What's the matter with my printing?
scene_heading: EXT. VAUGHN'S REALTY – DAY
text: Revealing Larry Vaughn, the Mayor of Amity, exchanging
text: anxieties with Ben Meadows and Coroner Santos and two other
text: city Selectmen. They come out in a group, reach the sunlight,
text: and squint down the street as Brody careens around the corner
text: and out of sight. Deputy Hendricks, laden with his arts and
text: crafts, passes them on the street front.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What have you got there, Lenny?
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: We had a shark attack at South Chop
dialog: this morning, Mayor. Fatal. Gotta
text: batten down the beach.
text: Vaughn and group exchange horrified looks, but we get the
text: impression it is not in response to the shark-attack news.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Who've you told this to, Lenny?
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: I just found out about it -- but
dialog: there's a bunch of Boy Scouts in the
text: water a coupla miles down the coast
dialog: from where we found the girl. Avril
dialog: Bay, thereabouts. Chief went to dry
dialog: them off.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (to Meadows)
dialog: Take my car, okay?
dialog: (to Hendricks)
dialog: You come with us, Lenny.
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: I've got all these signs here...
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: C'mon, it'll give us time to think
dialog: about what they're going to say.
text: They all crowd into a Cadillac El Dorado with Vaughn Realty
text: signs on the doors.
scene_heading: EXT. AVRIL BAY - DAY
text: A flotilla of twenty exhausted Boy Scouts round a buoy that
text: marks the official course. A rowboat with Scoutmaster using
text: a bullhorn keeps pace, and urges the boys on.
speaker_heading: SCOUTMASTER
dialog: (bullhorn effect)
dialog: Let's go, Robbie. You too, Hofner.
dialog: Boyle, keep your head up. Alberts,
dialog: keep kicking...
dialog: (etc., ad lib)
scene_heading: EXT. ON THE BEACH AT AVRIL BAY - DAY
text: Two older Seascouts look on with stop watches and clipboards,
text: while some Parents shade their eyes from the sun, watching
text: their offspring. Brody pulls up in the Amity Police jeep,
text: and starts toward the people. Behind him, Vaughn's Cadillac
text: pulls up and skids to a stop. In it are Vaughn, Meadows, the
text: Doctor, maybe a Selectman, and Hendricks, with his arms still
text: full of sign material. Vaughn intercepts Brody, the others
text: circle around him, effectively slowing his progress through
text: the sand to the scouts.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Martin!
text: (he catches up with
dialog: him)
dialog: Are you going to shut down the beach
dialog: on your own authority?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Do I need any more authority?
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: Technically, you need the instruction
dialog: of a civic ordinance, or a special
dialog: meeting of the town selectmen...
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (the good guy)
dialog: That's just going by the book. We're
dialog: just a little anxious that you're
dialog: rushing into something serious here.
dialog: This is your first summer.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Now tell me something I don't know.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: All I'm saying is that Amity is a
dialog: summer town -- we need summer dollars,
dialog: and if they can't swim here, they'll
dialog: use the beaches at Cape Cod, or Long
dialog: Island.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: So we should set out a smorgasbord?
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: We're not even sure what it was.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What else could've done that?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (to Doctor)
dialog: Boat propeller?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I think, possibly... sure. A boating
dialog: accident.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
text: Some weekend tramp accidentally goes
dialog: swimming too far, she's a little
text: drunk, a fishing boat comes along --
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: Remember when Fred Ganz went
text: scalloping in his BVD's? He was going
dialog: to swim to New Bedford, he said.
text: The men all laugh, ad lib their remembrances of this
dialog: foolishness.
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: ...and Bill Mayhew almost caught him
dialog: in his net...?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (interrupting the
dialog: merriment)
dialog: Doctor, you're the one who told me
dialog: what it was!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I was wrong. We'll have to amend the
dialog: report.
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: We never had that kind of trouble
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I don't think you can appreciate the
dialog: gut reaction people have to these
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I was only reacting to what I was
dialog: told.
text: Brody looks out to the water where the scouts are rounding
text: another buoy on the home stretch.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (taking Brody aside)
dialog: It's all psychological, anyway. You
dialog: yell 'Barracuda' and everyone says
dialog: 'huh'. You yell 'Shark' and we've
dialog: got a panic on our hands. I think we
dialog: all agree we don't need a panic this
text: close to the 4th of July.
text: Vaughn indicates the beach where the Scouts are flopping out
text: onto the sand, exhausted, glad to be finished.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I can't work in a vacuum. Why don't
dialog: you make Hendricks Chief? His family's
dialog: been here since the Puritans -- half
dialog: this island are his cousins.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Martin, we hired the best man we
dialog: could find.
dialog: All ad lib agreement.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: We need someone who isn't prejudiced
dialog: by old feuds or family ties, someone
dialog: who can referee things.
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: You have our complete support.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Now then. We've got a vandalism
dialog: problem we ought to talk about...
text: The others surround Brody as Vaughn leads the way back to
text: the cars, ad libbing their problem with the little karate
text: choppers.
text: Hendricks puts the signs back into the trunk of Vaughn's
text: Cadillac. Vaughn waves casually to the Scouts and swimmers
text: who are vigorously toweling off in the background.
scene_heading: EXT. AMITY STREET - DAY
text: In front of Amity's only Music Store, a battered old pick-up
text: truck pulls in to the curb. Quint and his mate cross silently
text: heading into the music store.
scene_heading: INT. AMITY MUSIC STORE - DAY
text: A gently tinkling bell tolls Quint's entrance. Inside the
text: store, a ten-year-old boy is being shown a clarinet. He is
text: playing a mellow low tone, and running "Ode to Joy." Quint
text: looms past him like Neptune rising from the deep, and lets
text: his hand drop on the counter with a slap that sounds like a
text: club on flesh. The Shopkeeper abandons the little boy and
text: meets Quint.
speaker_heading: SHOPKEEPER
dialog: Hello, Mr. Quint.
speaker_heading: QUINT
text: Four spools of Number 12 piano wire,
dialog: Okay? I ordered them.
speaker_heading: SHOPKEEPER
dialog: (finding them under
dialog: the counter)
dialog: Yessir, right here. What do those
dialog: fish do, eat this stuff?
speaker_heading: QUINT
text: They choke on it.
text: Without waiting for it to be wrapped, he picks up the gleaming
text: wire in his gnarled fist, and drops a bill on the counter.
speaker_heading: SHOPKEEPER
dialog: Bye now.
text: No answer from Quint, who stops and sings along with the
dialog: boy.
text: The little kid's music degenerates into a series of awkward
text: squeaks and blurps, as Quint stares at him. Quint continues
text: out the door, threading his way through the people in the
text: street like some great fish. As he gets up into the cab of
text: his pick-up, its door swings open so we can see a crude
text: stylized shark decorating its side. It slams behind him as
text: Quint gets in and drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. AMITY BEACH - DAY
text: A plump jelly-bowl of a woman plunges into the ocean. There's
text: enough there to satisfy the most gluttonous shark. Buoyant,
text: joyful, she splashes away in abandon. From her, we pan off
text: to reveal other cheerful bathers enjoying that last
text: uncluttered weekend before the season starts in earnest.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE WATERLINE
text: A Man and his dog are romping at the water's edge. The Man
text: is throwing a stick out into the surf, the dog, a happy
text: retriever, is bounding into the waves after it.
text: TWO YOUNG PEOPLE ON THE BEACH
text: A Girl and her Boyfriend leave their blanket and run for the
text: water, playing tag, chasing each other, having a wonderful
dialog: time.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BIRTHDAY PARTY ON THE SAND - MARTIN AND ELLEN BRODY
text: He is sitting stiffly in a beach chair, scanning the beach
text: with careful, cautious looks, eyeballing everything that's
text: going on.
text: Around their particular blanket and umbrella are a number of
text: adults and their kids, the youngsters gathered to celebrate
text: Michael's birthday. Ellen is dishing out ice cream and cake
text: from a cooler chest to the raucous 10-year-olds. Michael's
text: hand is still bandaged.
speaker_heading: MAX TAFT
dialog: (an adult)
dialog: Looks like another big season. Gets
dialog: worse every year.
speaker_heading: MRS. TAFT
dialog: And none of them from the Island.
dialog: Just a lot of bother.
text: Brody (and we) hear a shrill scream from the water. He
text: stretches to look past the group, to see what's happening
dialog: out there.
scene_heading: BRODY'S POINT OF VIEW - THE WATER
text: The young lady is disappearing under the water, pulled under
text: the waves by some force. She is shrieking. She pops right up
text: again riding the shoulders of her boyfriend, who pulled her
text: under. She's laughing hysterically. Brody is unamused.
speaker_heading: THE ADULTS
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (to Taft)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TAFT
dialog: Present company excepted, but off-
dialog: islanders are a pain in the butt.
dialog: Pardon my French.
text: Ellen captures Sean, and holds him playfully, an example.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What about this kid? What if he were
dialog: born here. That make him an islander?
speaker_heading: TAFT
dialog: Just 'cause a cat has kittens in an
dialog: oven, it don't make them muffins.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: I'm not a muffin! I'm a boy!
text: Brody rumples his hair and sets him off to play.
text: ANGLE ON ANOTHER SMALL BOY, PLAYING ALONE
text: It's Alex Kintner, and his mother, nearby, reading a novel.
text: Alex is towing a funny rubber raft, and headed for the water.
scene_heading: MRS. KINTNER
dialog: Alex! Alex Kintner! Where do you
dialog: think you're going?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Water. Just once more, please?
scene_heading: MRS. KINTNER
dialog: Let me see your fingers --
text: He holds out his hands.
scene_heading: MRS. KINTNER
text: They're beginning to prune. 10 minutes
dialog: more.
text: Alex starts for the ocean. Behind him, Michael and his gang
text: are also heading for the inviting waves. Brody is watching
text: them go, his spine rigid with tension.
speaker_heading: MAN AND HIS DOG
text: As Alex and the boys hit the water, we see the man throwing
text: his stick into the waves, his dog swimming strongly after
dialog: it.
text: BRODY'S POINT OF VIEW
text: Out beyond the kids and the dog, the Fat Lady is bobbing
text: around, out way too far, isolated from the other swimmers.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER VIEW - EXT. - DAY
text: A fish's-eye view of the bathers: lots of little kicking
text: legs, rafts with tasty arms dangling in the blue, slowing
text: circling, favoring one raft (little Alex's). The Kintner
text: boy's legs and arms are kicking and paddling, producing
text: bizarre underwater vibrations of more than passing interest.
text: Dog goes by, dog-paddling along.
text: ON THE BEACH
text: Brody is half-rising, looking out over the water. The Fat
text: Lady is not where he remembered her. He scans the water
dialog: anxiously.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Do you want the boys to come in?
dialog: Honey, if you're worried...
text: A Black Object swims across the water. It's the dog, breasting
text: against the surf.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE WATER - BRODY'S POINT OF VIEW
text: It's the Fat Lady, floating, relaxing. A black object swims
text: up to her. It's not the dog. It rears up out of the water.
text: It's a man in a black bathing cap. They exchange distant
text: pleasantries, he strokes away.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - WATER
text: Alex Kintner, paddling around, making boat sounds, tooting,
dialog: going "vroom, vroom."
text: ANGLE ON THE BOY AND GIRL
text: They kiss, embrace, kiss again. Strong stuff. They sink
text: beneath the waves, knotted in an embrace.
text: ANGLE ON MICHAEL BRODY AND HIS FRIENDS
text: He's trying to salvage a soggy piece of birthday cake, holding
text: it above the water, paddling with his other hand. The bandage
text: has come part way loose, and his cut is trailing in the water.
text: BRODY AND ELLEN ON THE BEACH
text: Ellen is rubbing suntan oil on his back, and he is allowing
text: himself to relax part way. His eyes still nervously scan the
text: beach in a constant surveillance. Mr. Keisel is coming out
text: of the water, toweling off vigorously, exclaiming to himself.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (to Keisel)
dialog: How's the water?
speaker_heading: KEISEL
dialog: Too cold. I'm going in again Labor
dialog: Day. Hope we get this weather next
dialog: weekend.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You're very tight, y'know?
dialog: (digs in)
dialog: Right there.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Ow.
dialog: (he sees something)
dialog: He's gotta be more careful in the
dialog: water...
text: ANGLE ON THE GANG PLAYING IN THE WATER
text: Michael has just been drenched. He splashes back. A big
text: waterfight ensues, the boys splashing and chopping at the
text: water, shouting battle cries and karate whoops. Alex is
text: paddling around near them, but not involved with them.
text: ALONG THE WATERLINE ON THE BEACH
text: The Man with the Dog is whistling into the ocean, looking
dialog: for his dog.
speaker_heading: DOG MAN
dialog: Buster! Hey, Buster! Here boy!
dialog: (whistles)
text: He continues to ad lib calling his
text: dog, but there's no answer, no dog
text: in the water.
speaker_heading: THE WATERFRONT
text: A huge splash explodes in the water near the gang, an eruption
text: of foam and spray that stops everyone cold for a moment.
text: They stop to see who was responsible.
speaker_heading: A KID (MATHEW)
dialog: Hey, no fair splashing in the eyes!
text: Before anyone can answer, another kid (P.J.) renews the
text: battle, whooping a karate cry, and slashing at the water
text: with his hand like a little kung-fu warrior, advancing through
dialog: the waves.
text: CLOSE ON MATHEW, SPLASHING BACK
text: He hits the water, which sprays up suspiciously pink. He
text: stares at it, surprised.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON P.J.
text: His hands are dripping deep pink, the red matting his hair,
text: running into his eyes. He looks down. The boys are surrounded
text: with a deep pink slick, their little bodies ringed by a
text: spreading stain of blood.
text: ANGLE ON SHORE, A TOURIST AND HIS WIFE
text: He's pointing frantically out to sea.
speaker_heading: TOURIST
dialog: Something in the water. Right there!
dialog: Didn't anyone see it?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
text: There's blood in the water.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRODY
text: He leaps to his feet, nearly knocking Ellen over, and starts
dialog: for the water.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What is it...?
text: Brody is pelting towards the water. He kicks sand over an
text: annoyed Mrs. Kintner, who looks up, just in time to hear
text: Brody's bellow.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Michael! Sean! Out of the water.
dialog: Everybody out of the water! Michael!
dialog: Get out!
text: His urgency communicates itself to the others. Ellen snatches
text: Sean up from where he's been playing in the sand. Other
text: parents are calling their kids, hysteria mounting. People
text: rush into the water, dragging their children and families
text: bodily out of the ocean. The first kids coming out of the
text: surf are frantically trying to wash the sticky blood off
text: their bodies. The sight of the red sends the beach into a
text: full panic.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BRODY
text: He rushes into the water, up to his ankles, and suddenly
text: stops, unable to move into deeper water. He is urging Michael
text: out, holding his hands out to his son, who is slogging through
text: the surf towards his dad. He stands there immobilized by the
text: water, nervously helping people out of it onto the beach.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MICHAEL
text: As he emerges from the water, Alex Kintner's raft washes in
text: behind him, ripped in half, the water pink, the foam spreading
text: the stain onto the sand as the wave breaks.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MRS. KINTNER
text: Her voice rising into panic and hysteria with each unanswered
dialog: cry.
scene_heading: MRS. KINTNER
dialog: Alex! Alex? Alex...!
scene_heading: EXT - THE COUNTY COURTHOUSE AND COUNTY OFFICES - DAY
text: We are looking at the closed double white front doors of the
text: building, through which we can hear a rolling boil of agitated
text: conversation. After a beat, they open to reveal Mrs. Kintner,
text: looking as though she has been visited by the wrath of God;
text: in effect, she has. Her eyes are puffy and swollen from
text: weeping, her clothing is put on and fastened awkwardly, her
text: gait is not normal. As she walks toward us, Quint enters
text: with his back to us, they pass without notice; Mrs. Kintner
text: moving out of sight, Quint leading us through the doors into
dialog: the town hall.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: A crowd of angry men and women throng the central hallway,
text: their voices a babble of confusion. Many of them are gathered
text: around a roughly lettered notice that has been posted on the
text: town's official bulletin board. It reads.
text: "A $3000 BOUNTY TO THE MAN OR MEN WHO CATCH AND KILL THE
scene_heading: SHARK THAT KILLED ALEX M. KINTNER ON SUNDAY, JUNE 29, ON THE
text: AMITY TOWN BEACH."
text: Vaughn and Brody are on the outskirts of the crowd, which
text: includes Meadows, some selectmen, and others.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Look, I've got to talk to her. This
dialog: isn't a contest we want the whole
dialog: country entering.
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: I agree. If she's going to advertise,
dialog: I wouldn't recommend out-of-town
dialog: papers. Amity people could take care
dialog: of this.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I'm responsible for public safety
dialog: around here...
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Then go out tomorrow and make sure
text: no one gets hurt.
dialog: (addressing the crowd)
dialog: Everybody, could I have your
dialog: attention? Since this affects all of
dialog: us, I suggest we move into council
dialog: chambers, where there's more room...
text: There is a flurry and a bustle as everyone rearranges
text: themselves and makes their way into the Amity Selectmen's
dialog: Council Chambers.
scene_heading: INT. COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
text: The crowd is thronging into the large room. Already in the
text: room is a solitary figure, standing all the way in the rear,
text: watching everyone as they enter. Against the back wall is a
text: large blackboard used for town business during meetings.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Well, here we all are; anyone have
dialog: any special questions?
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: Is that $3000 bounty on the shark in
dialog: cash or check?
dialog: (laughter from all)
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: That's private business between you
text: brave fishermen and Mrs. Kintner.
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: -- Chief --
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (stepping in)
dialog: I'd like to tell you what we're doing
dialog: so far. These are some of the steps
dialog: I've taken as Chief of Police...
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: (leading the direction
dialog: of the discussion)
dialog: What's going on with the beaches,
dialog: Chief?
dialog: All react.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I'll get to that in a minute. First,
dialog: I plan to start our seasonal summer
dialog: help early, and to use shark spotters
dialog: on beaches open to the sea. I'd like
dialog: cooperation from local fishermen,
dialog: and I've also contacted the
dialog: Oceanographic Institute over on the
dialog: mainland.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (Interrupting -- sotto
dialog: voice to Brody)
dialog: No need to involve outsiders in our
dialog: business, Martin.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Are you going to close the beaches?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Larry and I have also decided to
text: close the beaches for a short time.
text: Pandemonium. A collective nerve has been touched.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Only 24 hours!
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I didn't agree to that!
speaker_heading: MRS. TAFT
dialog: That official business could take
dialog: all summer!
speaker_heading: MR. KEISEL
dialog: Maybe it's better to close.
text: Two opinions have been expressed, and the crowd takes sides
text: vociferously, ad libbing assent or dissent depending on the
dialog: point of view held forth.
speaker_heading: THOSE IN FAVOR
speaker_heading: MR. WISEMAN
dialog: We should make sure
dialog: there is no danger.
speaker_heading: MR. HASSETT
dialog: I didn't raise my kids to be some
dialog: fish's lunch!
speaker_heading: THOSE OPPOSED
speaker_heading: MRS. TAFT
dialog: The motel is all I own --
dialog: you pull the plug on this
dialog: town and I go down the
dialog: drain with it.
speaker_heading: MR. POSNER
dialog: Nobody's seen a shark.
speaker_heading: MR. POLK
dialog: We'll lose business, we
dialog: lose taxes, we lose our
dialog: shirts!
text: ANGLE ON QUINT, THE MAN IN THE BACK OF THE ROOM
text: He has just run his large, coarse fingernails over the
text: blackboard. He is a large, rough man, a professional fisherman
dialog: marked by daily physical toil, About 45 or 50, it's hard to
text: tell where the scars leave off and the wrinkles begin. There
text: is a bit of the showman in him, as well as a bit of killer-
dialog: whale.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (after taking a deep
dialog: breath)
dialog: You all know me. You know what I do
dialog: for a living. I'll go out and get
dialog: this bird for you. He's a bad one
dialog: and it's not like goin' down the
text: pond chasing blue-gills and tommy-
dialog: cods. This is a fish that can swallow
dialog: a man whole. A little shakin', a
dialog: little tenderizing and down ya' go.
dialog: (a look to Vaughn)
dialog: You gotta get this fellow and get
dialog: him quick. If you do, it'll bring a
dialog: lot of tourist business just to see
dialog: him and you've got your business
text: back on a paying basis.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A shark of that size is no pleasure
dialog: and I value my neck at a hell of a
dialog: lot more'n 3,000 bucks.
dialog: (a deadly look)
dialog: I'll find him for three. But I'll
dialog: kill him for ten.
dialog: Crowd reaction.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (he rises up)
dialog: The bastard is costing you more'n
dialog: that every day. Do you wanna stay
dialog: alive and annee up the ten or play
dialog: it cheap and be on welfare next
dialog: winter.
dialog: (a final moment)
dialog: I'm gonna kill this thing... just a
dialog: matter of whether I do it now -- or
dialog: at the end of summer.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Thank you very much, Mr. Quint, the
dialog: Selectmen will take your offer under
dialog: advisement
scene_heading: INT. BRODY'S STUDY AT HOME - SUNSET
text: A riffly blur, color alternating with black and white. The
text: dizziness stops on a book page showing a black and white
text: rendering of eight species of shark. The banner at the top
text: of the page reads: THE KNOWN AND REPUTED MANEATERS.
text: The riffling begins again, stops on a grizzly photograph of
text: scar tissue on six former shark victims. Riffling -- stop.
text: Photograph of five Ichthyologists posing on wooden stools,
text: framed by the enormous jaws of a prehistoric shark from the
dialog: family Carcharodon charcharias.
speaker_heading: BRODY
text: his reading glasses reflecting a stack of twelve library
dialog: books, all on the subject of sharks and shark attacks. The
text: door opens and Ellen enters, quietly, in respect for Brody's
dialog: mood.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Can you stand something to eat?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Love a cup of tea. With lemon.
text: Ellen walks past Brody to the window and looks out the window
text: which overlooks the south bay. It is the hour of dusk.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
text: Mikey loves his birthday present.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (with a slight laugh)
text: He's sitting in it.
text: Brody gets up, concerned, and joins her at the window.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
text: Honey. He has it tied up to the jetty
text: with a double-knot.
text: BRODY'S POINT OF VIEW
text: Michael is sitting in the boat, but two of his young school
text: chums are in the water, swimming around it. Brody opens the
dialog: window and calls down:
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Son! -- Out of the water now!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: My boat's neat, dad!
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (turning to Ellen)
dialog: I want him out of the ocean.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It's three feet deep, Martin
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (angry now)
dialog: Michael! Come inside!
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It's his birthday present, and you
dialog: closed the beach, Honey. I told him
dialog: not to go in the water after what
dialog: happened yesterday. I don't believe
dialog: he'll ever do it again.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I told him not to go out until he
dialog: memorized the handbook and the safety
dialog: safety regulations, until he was
dialog: sure of himself...
text: Ellen's eyes drift down to the open book, which is displaying
text: a reproduction of the famous painting "The Gulf Stream,"
text: showing a black fisherman in a small dinghy similar to
text: Michael's being assaulted by the jaws of three man-eating
text: sharks, circling his boat.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You heard your father! Out right
dialog: now!
text: SUNSET ON THE BEACH
text: Hendricks and another deputy are assisting Brody. Silhouettes
text: of townspeople look on like mourners at a funeral.
text: In the background some workmen are taking down the shutters
text: from a quaint summer cottage. They pause to watch the
text: declining moments of the day.
text: Three Selectmen also stand watching. One of them seems to be
text: whispering bounty news to three youngish men on a nearby
text: dune.
text: Sounds: Surf and hammering.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN AND PIER - NIGHT
text: Selectman Denherder and his buddy, Charlie, a professional
text: angler, row towards a tumble-down jetty that leads fifty
text: feet out into the black water.
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: You wanna call it a night after here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's only two-thirty. What, are you
dialog: tired?
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: Yeah, Charlie, I got my second wind
text: three nibbles back.
text: Denherder hefts a bloodstained laundry bag from the
text: wheelbarrow, revealing about a hundred feet of coiled dog
text: chain and a large patched inner tube. Charlie takes out a
text: monster hook and together they push the wheelbarrow onto the
text: rickety pier that is only about five feet across.
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: (reaching into the
dialog: bag)
dialog: Leg of lamb this time?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Screw lamb -- let's shoot the sirloin!
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: (a hyena laugh)
dialog: We're blowin' half the bounty on
dialog: bait --
text: The splintered pier sways to and fro as the men reach the
text: end and start to work. Charlie baits the hook with a massive
text: chunk of sirloin while Denherder secures the loose end of
text: chain to a skinny piling. Charlie then fastens the inner
text: tube to the chain five feet from the end of the hook.
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: One more after this, then I'm going
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Set?
text: Denherder tugs the chain against the piling to prove that it
text: is. Charlie heaves the bait. Splash! The inner tube follows
text: and both men eagerly watch as it floats seaward, the chain
text: playing out from the wheelbarrow.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Tide's taking it right out.
text: Charlie lights his pipe and sits back against a piling. He
text: turns on his transistor radio and loops one end around a
text: fractured board. Denherder paces, bored to death.
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: You do this all the time, right,
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Twenty years.
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: I can't believe that people pay money
dialog: to go fishing. This is really dumb.
dialog: This isn't even relaxing... it's
dialog: just boring.
scene_heading: CLOSE - CHAIN IN WHEELBARROW
text: Suddenly zipping out, faster and faster, as both men
dialog: straighten.
text: Denherder is goggle-eyed.
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: Hey! What's this?
text: The chain is coming out so fast that it begins to drag the
text: wheelbarrow to the end of the jetty. A section of chain
text: tangles around the handle and flips the entire machine into
text: the air. Both men watch dumbfounded as the inner tube, racing
text: out to sea in a wake of white water, suddenly dips under.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Look at him take it!
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: Do I set the goddam hook?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let him do it! Go-go-go-go-go!
text: It is then that the chain whips taut against the narrow
text: pilings.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - PILING
text: A lineup of five decrepit 2 x 4 inch pilings SNAP with a
text: resounding CRACK.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - JETTY
text: The end of the jetty is yanked loose. Denherder is flipped
text: like a chip over the side and into the cold night water,
text: where he manages to snag hold of a splintered timber.
scene_heading: DENHERDER'S POINT OF VIEW
text: The severed section of jetty, a joined platform of footboards,
text: is being dragged seaward with Charlie sitting dazed on top
text: of it, his lit pipe still going.
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: CHARLIE! JUMP!
text: Charlie rolls into the water, sputters, turns to watch the
text: flotilla of wood draw away.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - CHARLIE
text: looking seaward.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S POINT OF VIEW
text: The end of the jetty makes a 180-degree turn and heads back
text: in his direction.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Holy Jesus Christ!
text: Denherder steps up on the broken-off piling just to be out
dialog: of the water.
speaker_heading: DENHERDER
dialog: Get the hell out! Charlie! Swim!
text: Charlie, inhaling terror, trying to slog to shore. The jetty
text: is getting closer. Suddenly, an enormous black fin breaks
text: water like a periscope, making course corrections as it comes
dialog: for Charlie.
text: Denherder jumps from piling to piling, almost losing his
text: balance on his way to help Charlie. Charlie has reached the
text: last pylon toward open sea, and his hands clamber for a hold.
dialog: But --
scene_heading: INSERT - CHARLIE'S HANDS
text: The algae is too slippery, and his fingers keep sliding back.
text: That's when the fin behind him seems to reach up to the sky
text: and Charlie manages, with Denherder's desperate help, to
text: make it safely to shore. The remains of the pier float belly-
text: up in the inlet.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE HARBORMASTER OF AMITY - DAY
text: He is sitting on a little canvas folding chair, eating a
text: bowl of Cheerios with milk and sugar, watching a panorama of
text: ineptitude and greed unfold before his old seaman's eyes.
text: The Amity Pier area is a minor madhouse: out-of-state cars
text: elbow local vehicles for parking space at the foot of the
text: dock, and a parade of bounty-hunting townspeople, islanders,
text: off-islanders, tourist, and others shout and push their way
text: onto the crowded pier, each carrying some bizarre or
dialog: appropriate tool for the real or imagined capture of an
text: unarmed shark of indeterminate size.
text: Rods and reels, drop lines, crossbows, slingshots, harpoons,
text: shotguns, rifles, nets and tridents; every fishing supply
text: store and sporting goods house within a hundred miles has
text: been cannibalized to equip this weird array.
text: ANGLE ON BRODY AND HENDRICKS ARRIVING ON THE SCENE
dialog: Not having room to bring their police vehicle anywhere near
text: this mess, they are proceeding on foot into the confusion.
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: ...So then Denherder and Charlie sat
text: there trying to catch their breath,
dialog: and figuring out how to explain to
dialog: Charlie's wife what happened to her
text: freezer full of meat.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: That wasn't funny.
text: Some of the locals greet Hendricks with occasional nods of
text: recognition, or an ad libbed "Hi, Lenny," or "Hey, Lenny."
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: Mrs. Kintner must've put her ad in
dialog: Field and Stream.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Looks more like the readers of the
dialog: National Enquirer.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOAT RENTAL - PIER
text: An argument is in progress between and Out-of-Towner and the
dialog: Boat Rental Man.
scene_heading: OUT-OF-TOWNER
dialog: You're charging me double the usual
dialog: rent! I didn't come up here all the
text: way from New Rochelle to be gouged
dialog: by some Yankee Cracker!
speaker_heading: BOAT RENTAL MAN
dialog: Prices go up June First every year.
dialog: You want a nice cheap, leaky boat,
dialog: you go down to the Hamptons.
dialog: (he sees Brody)
dialog: Right, Chief?
text: ANGLE LOOKING OUT TO SEA
text: Making its way through the channel towards the dock is a
text: sleek, expensive runabout with the name "Fascinatin' Rhythm"
text: on the stern. It's professionally handled, and rumbles in as
text: it coasts in towards the dock area. Some other boats clear
text: the way for it, zig-zagging in the harbor, causing an annoying
text: chop.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BOAT
text: Matt Hooper, a bearded, bespectacled young man with an intent
text: look, is maneuvering the vessel peering through his windscreen
text: at the ragtag collection of seafaring loonies all around
dialog: him.
text: BACK TO DOCKSIDE
text: Hendricks is mediating the argument between the two men, and
text: we can hear a plaintive "But Lenny," from the local as Brody
text: sees something that makes him move towards the other side of
text: the dock. We see him cross to a little boat built for two or
text: three that is settling low in the water as a seventh man
text: climbs in with his gear.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Hey! You know how many men that's
dialog: supposed to hold?
speaker_heading: MAN IN BOAT (WALTER)
dialog: Whatever's safe, right?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What you got ain't safe. You take
dialog: some guys off or you don't go out.
scene_heading: BEN GARDNER AND HIS BOAT, FLICKA
text: Matt Hooper is gliding into the dockside, and Ben throws him
text: a line to help make fast as he moors. It's a small island of
text: courtesy in an otherwise discourteous mob. Hooper nods
text: politely as he ties his boat up and steps onto the dock.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: Hello, back.
text: He's standing near where Brody is finishing after his
text: encounter with the chummers.
text: Brody approaches Ben Gardner.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You going out too, Ben?
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: Might give it a try. That three
dialog: thousand bounty beats working for a
dialog: living.
dialog: (yells to his Mate)
dialog: We ready?
text: The Mate nods "Yes" and starts to prepare to get under way.
text: Ben and his Mate move away from the dock, headed towards the
text: channel and the open sea leaving Felix and Pratt to scamper
text: around the dock looking for another ride.
scene_heading: ANOTHER DOCK AREA, CLOSE BY
text: A particularly awkward moment between a small sailboat and a
text: couple of powerboats. The sailboat is trying to hoist sail
text: to make it away from the pier under sail, a real yachtsman's
dialog: conceit, since Hornblower himself probably couldn't navigate
text: through this mess. Brody, a landlubber for sure, is trying
dialog: to direct traffic to untangle this new mess.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Just back up! No, the other way! Cut
dialog: it to your left! Your other left!
dialog: The big boat, your front end is out
dialog: way too far. Little boat, stay still!
text: Amidst all this, we can hear the angry shouts of the entangled
dialog: crews.
speaker_heading: SKIPPER 1 (THE SAILBOAT)
text: Dammit, a vessel under sail has the
dialog: right of way!
speaker_heading: SKIPPER 2 (MOTORBOAT)
dialog: You schmuck, you ain't under sail,
dialog: you're goddam drifting!
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (stepping in to help)
dialog: Ahoy, sail! You got an oar? Well,
dialog: scull it out!
speaker_heading: SAILBOAT SKIPPER
dialog: Tell that stinkpotter to belay!
scene_heading: MOTORBOAT SKIPPER
dialog: Tell that ragsetter I'm going to
dialog: poke him in the snoot!
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Just cast off in turn and make for
dialog: the channel, OK?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Thanks.
text: Brody starts back towards the shore, Hooper is by his side.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Excuse me, I wonder if you could
dialog: tell me...
text: Before he can finish, Brody spots something on shore that
text: moves him to shout to his deputy.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (noticing something)
dialog: Is that dynamite?
text: Brody looks, and stops by a boat that's about to cast off.
text: He holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: If that's dynamite, give it here, or
dialog: don't leave port.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Aw, c'mon, it's just fireworks. Sharks
text: like fireworks, it attracts them.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Hand it over.
text: The man passes Brody a cigar box filled with dynamite sticks.
text: Brody tucks the dynamite under his arm, and continues down
text: the pier. Hooper is still with him.
text: All around them are two distinctly different breeds; the
text: quiet pros, like Ben Gardner, in well-worn, comfortable
text: clothes, with efficient, sensible gear, and the amateur
dialog: crazies, with all manner of weapons and impractical, silly
dialog: tourist clothing.
scene_heading: INT. DOCK SHED - DAY
text: Brody is on the phone, talking to his office, trying to get
text: Hendricks' attention. He throws a handful of washers at the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: There's a fantail launch out there
dialog: that won't make it beyond the
dialog: breakwater.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You're tellin' me. I swear, this
dialog: town has gone crazy.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Officer, I wonder if you could tell
dialog: me where I could find Chief Brody?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Hooper, Matt Hooper. From the
dialog: Oceanographic Institute.
dialog: (holds out his hand)
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - OCEAN - DAY
text: Ben Gardner's boat is in the lead with Gardner's shouting
text: derisive comments at the crowd headed out from land. The
text: armada is spread out and moving in a ragged circle, fifteen
text: boats in all. One man heaves cherry bombs into the water. A
text: smaller boat going in the opposite direction offers us
text: Barwood, forking spaghetti leftovers into the ocean while
text: his friend pours out a bottle of ketchup.
text: A speedboat chugs by, one of the occupants reading
text: instructions aloud from a book entitled "Sharks - East Coast,
dialog: Vol. I."
text: boatload of impoverished scallop fishermen throw a net
text: overboard, full of gaps and split ends. The professionals
text: look professional, but the landlubbers out for the $3000
dialog: make it impossible for everybody. Collisions are barely
dialog: averted.
scene_heading: THE RUBE GOLDBERG ERROR
text: The Out-of-Towner in a small boat is bent over in a life and
text: death struggle, his rod in a tight arc. His buddy leaps across
dialog: to lend a hand.
text: Twenty yards away in another boat the same struggle ensues.
text: This time it's the overloaded boat with the poor scallop
text: fishermen. Shouts of I'M ON! DIG IN! STRIKE! Then a tangle
text: of tackle springs from the water. They have hooked each other.
text: Joy turns to swearing. Arnold Felix stands up to applaud
text: the mishap, while his buddy Pratt takes careful aim with his
text: Remington 1100 12-gauge and blasts at the tackle as if it
text: were a clay pigeon. The tangle explodes --
text: Both the Out-of-Towners and the Scallop Fisherman falls over
dialog: backward --
scene_heading: ANGLE - HARRY'S BOAT
text: Three men are aboard, one holding a rod which holds a fast
text: arc. A few yards off stern we see a triangular dorsal fin
text: crossing back and forth, struggling, jerking, the mighty
text: tail threshing. One man is screaming success, the other two
text: slapping the angler on the back.
scene_heading: CLOSE - PRATT AND FELIX
text: They spot it and sour.
speaker_heading: PRATT
dialog: Well, get over there! He ain't caught
dialog: it yet!
text: The owner of Pratt's boat throws it forward and Pratt removes
text: a .45 automatic from the holster of his belt. He tests it,
text: firing once in the air. As they near the scene of the
text: struggle, eleven other boats begin converging, until --
speaker_heading: HARRY'S BOAT
text: Everyone wants to get into the act. They are attacking the
text: threshing beast with all they've got. Pratt uses his
text: automatic, another blasts point blank with a shotgun. There
text: are occasional water ricochets and the bounty hunters duck
text: from time to time as bullets skip by. Finally, the shark
text: stops threshing.
scene_heading: FELIX AND PRATT
text: Their boat has moved close to the shark, closer than Harry's.
speaker_heading: PRATT
dialog: (exultant)
dialog: Hand me that pole! Quick!
text: One of his party in the over-filled boat grabs a gaff and
text: leans out to grab the moribund shark. But Harry won't give
text: up the line, still reeling in.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Beat it! I hooked him!
speaker_heading: PRATT
dialog: How's the family, Harry?
dialog: (to the man with gaff)
dialog: Go on and do it!
speaker_heading: MAN WITH GAFF
dialog: We split down the middle?
text: Pratt nods reluctantly. The man swings, lodges the gaff and
text: hauls the shark up onto the gunwale. A paroxysm of cheers
text: from the surrounding boats. Smoke flares are fired into the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (a tug-of-war)
dialog: Let go my shark!
text: It is a ten-foot tiger, and what a mess -- splattered with
text: bullet punctures, gashes, bleeding from several orifices.
text: But it is not dead -- it kicks back to life and threatens to
text: capsize the boat. Pratt panics and fires six times with his
text: .45. The bullets pierce the shark's head, pass through, and
text: split the fiberglass hull through which a flood of water
text: rises. Everybody stands up as the boat slips beneath them.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - DAY
text: The Amity Morgue is also the Amity Funeral Home, a Victorian
text: house that normally serves as the community's mortuary. The
text: Coroner, a professional small-town GP, is standing by as
text: Hooper is speaking into a sophisticated cassette recorder
text: with a headpiece that leaves his hands free for measurement
text: with a calibrator or calipers.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Let's show Mr. Hooper our accident.
text: With a shrug, the Coroner slides open the drawer.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HOOPER
text: He is looking down as the drawer slides past him, still matter-
text: of-fact, turning on his recorder.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Victim One, identified as Christine
dialog: Watkins, female Caucasian...
text: The sheet has just been lifted, and Hooper stares down at
text: the lump on the slab. He stops, turns off his recorder as
text: emotions wage war with his senses. Rationality wins, and he
text: turns on the recorder again.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: ...height and weight may only be
dialog: estimated from partial remains. Torso
text: severed in mid-thorax, eviscerated
dialog: with no major organs remaining. May
dialog: I have a drink of water? Right arm
text: severed above the elbow with massive
text: tissue loss from upper musculature.
text: Portions of denuded bone remaining.
dialog: (tense, to Brody)
dialog: -- did you notify the coast guard?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: No, it was local jurisdiction.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
text: Left arm, head, shoulders, sternum
text: and portions of ribcage intact.
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Please don't smoke. With minor post-
text: mortem lacerations and abrasions.
dialog: Bite marks indicate typical non-frenzy
text: feeding pattern of large squali,
dialog: possibly carchaninus lonimanus, or
dialog: isurus glaucas. Gross tissue loss
dialog: and post-mortem erosion of bite
dialog: surfaces prevent detailed analysis;
dialog: however, teeth and jaws of the
dialog: attacking squali must be considered
dialog: above average for these waters.
dialog: (to Brody again)
dialog: -- Did you go out in a boat and look
dialog: around?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: No, we just checked the beach...
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (turns off the recorder)
dialog: It wasn't an 'accident,' it wasn't a
dialog: boat propeller, or a coral reef, or
dialog: Jack the Ripper. It was a shark. It
dialog: was a shark.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK AREA - DAY
text: We open close on ugly, open shark's jaws, still oozing blood
text: and gore. As the shark is hoisted up into the air on a gin-
text: pole hoist dockside, Meadows is seen passing with his
text: secretary and a photographer from the Amity Gazette. A crowd
text: of returning fishermen from the Armada and townspeople are
text: gathering around the fish as it is hoisted tail-up into the
text: classic sports fisherman's trophy shot.
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: Ginny, get this out on the state
dialog: wire to AP and UPI in Boston and New
dialog: York. Have one of them pick it up
dialog: for the national and call Dave Axelrod
dialog: in New York and tell him this is
dialog: from me and he owes me one... let's
dialog: get a picture.
text: As he and the photographer turn to mob, we see Hooper and
text: Brody arriving from the morgue. Hooper immediately heads
text: towards the shark, while Brody pauses and we see a look of
text: relief and delight cross his features.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Well, if one man can catch a fish in
dialog: 50 days, then I guess 50 of these
dialog: bozos can catch a fish in one day --
dialog: beginner's luck.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (crossing to men around
dialog: shark)
dialog: You did it! Did Ben Gardner catch
dialog: this?
dialog: Men ad lib "No, I caught it..." "I hooked him," etc.
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: Okay, everybody, I want to get a
dialog: picture for the paper -- could
dialog: everyone clear out of the way?
text: He continues to call directions and move people out of the
text: way to set up his shot. Hooper is measuring the shark.
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: Could you get out of the shot, young
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Who, me? Okay...
dialog: (he drifts off)
text: The men (Felix, Pratt, et al) get Brody to join them in the
text: shot. The whole town and the Armada fishermen all line up in
text: a classic "high school" graduating class shot with the
text: victorious fishermen kneeling in front, and the rest of the
text: Armada and Townspeople arranged behind them. Hendricks hold
text: up the "Beach Closed" sign in ironic victory.
text: ANGLE SHOWING VAUGHN APPROACHING THE DOCK
text: Brody spots the Mayor coming towards the dock, and detaches
text: himself from the group to join him.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Larry, if you'd see these clowns
dialog: leave, you'd never believe they'd
dialog: come back with anything. But they
dialog: got him!
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: That's good. That's real good. Ben
dialog: Meadows getting pictures for the
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Sure he is.
scene_heading: HOOPER AND THE FISHERMEN
text: The men who landed the monster are in a tight cluster,
text: debating something with Hooper, who is dwarfed by the big
text: beer bellies and ham-fisted hands all around him. It's
dialog: probable we don't even see him.
dialog: The Men ad lib "What kind of shark is this?" "It's a shark
dialog: like in the movies they got sharks." "It's a man-eater, for
dialog: sure." "I bet it's a record-breaker," etc.
speaker_heading: HOOPER (O.S.)
dialog: It's a tiger shark. Very rare in
dialog: these waters, and definitely a
dialog: maneater.
text: Hooper enters the circle, and picks up where he left off,
text: measuring the shark's teeth. Others watch him. Charlie and
text: Denherder walk over to the shark. Charlie punches it.
scene_heading: BRODY AND VAUGHN
text: They are walking down to the shark together.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Who's that young man?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Matt Hooper, the specialist they
dialog: send down from the Oceanographic
dialog: Institute.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (speaking to everyone)
dialog: I think we all owe a debt of gratitude
dialog: to these men for catching this
dialog: monster.
text: Brody and Vaughn are by now near the circle of fishermen,
text: who are surrounding Hooper, raising their voices at him.
speaker_heading: PRATT
dialog: Whadya mean, 'Bite Radius?' What's
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: GAFFER
dialog: Teeth are teeth, right?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I didn't say this wasn't the shark,
dialog: I just said I wasn't sure this was
dialog: the one...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What d'ya mean?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: There are hundreds of different kinds
dialog: of sharks; makos, blues, hammerheads,
dialog: white-tips... any one of them could've
text: attacked. Look -- shark digestion is
dialog: slow. We could open this one up, and
dialog: find whatever he's been eating is
text: still inside.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: That's disgusting! This is the
dialog: largest, meanest, most vicious shark
dialog: ever landed off Amity Island, and a
dialog: known maneater!
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Let's just cut him open and see what's
dialog: inside...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Why not, Larry? We could get a
dialog: positive confirmation that way.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Be reasonable, boys -- this isn't
dialog: the time or the place to do some
text: kind of half-assed autopsy on a fish.
dialog: Ben...
dialog: (to Meadows)
dialog: do you have all the pictures you
dialog: need?
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: Plenty.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Wait a minute...
text: Felix, Pratt and the others ad lib disagreement. "You're not
dialog: gonna cut up my trophy," etc.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (seeing something
text: offstage, with low
dialog: intensity)
dialog: I am not going to stand here and
dialog: watch this fish cut open and see
text: some kid fall out on the dock.
dialog: Besides...
dialog: (he indicates off)
text: We see Mrs. Kintner approaching, dressed in black.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Chief, I'll take responsibility for
dialog: this. Boys, cut this ugly sonofabitch
text: down before he stinks up the whole
dialog: island. Harve, tomorrow you and Carl
dialog: take him out and dump him right in
dialog: the drink.
scene_heading: MRS. KINTNER JOINS THE GROUP
text: She seeks out Brody, and stops in front of him.
scene_heading: MRS. KINTNER
dialog: Chief Brody?
text: He nods, she slaps him full across the face. There is an
text: embarrassed silence. Some people leave, following a trend
text: that began with the first mention of cutting open the shark.
scene_heading: MRS. KINTNER
dialog: My Alex was a beautiful little boy
dialog: and you killed him. Did you know
dialog: that? You knew there was a shark out
dialog: there. You knew a girl got killed
dialog: here last week. I just found that
dialog: out. But you knew. You knew it was
dialog: dangerous, but you let people go
dialog: swimming anyway. You knew all those
dialog: things, and still my boy is dead now
dialog: and there's nothing you can do about
dialog: that. My boy is dead. I wanted you
dialog: to know that.
text: She stops, unable to continue. Her father takes her arm and
text: leads her away. Pratt, Harry and the others trail off after
text: her. During the rest of the scene, the camera tightens in on
text: Brody to the exclusion of the others.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I'm sorry, Martin. She's in a sick,
dialog: terrible state.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Look, maybe this is the wrong time
dialog: to pursue this, but I'm not sure...
text: Before Hooper can finish, Brody's shoulders slump and he
text: goes slack.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: She's right.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Let's all get out of here, this place
text: stinks.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I'm going home.
text: He turns and leaves abruptly, surrendering the dock to Vaughn
text: and Hooper, who eye each other with mutual dis-admiration.
scene_heading: INT. BRODY HOUSE - NIGHT - DINING ROOM
text: Brody and Ellen, Sean and Michael, have all finished dinner.
text: Brody's plate is untouched, a virgin meatloaf. His glass, on
text: the other hand, is well used, with the remnants of a stiff
text: scotch and ice. He is staring across the table at the
text: youngest, Sean, who makes a face at him. He makes a face
dialog: back.
text: They play this game together for a few minutes.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: C'mere and give Daddy a kiss.
speaker_heading: SEAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Because he needs it.
text: Sean gives Daddy the kiss. Brody shoos him and Michael off
text: to bed. Ellen, who is feeling progressively more left out
text: with each passing moment, gets up abruptly and clears a few
text: dishes. Brody is not letting her into his world for the
text: moment, and it shows. There's a knock at the door.
speaker_heading: HOOPER (O.S.)
dialog: Martin Brody residence?
text: Ellen opens the door for him.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Hi. I'm Matt Hooper. If your husband
dialog: is here, I'd like to talk to him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: So would I. Come on in.
text: Hooper enters. He's carrying a couple of bottles of wine
text: which he picked up in town. He sits down near Brody.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Would you like something? Some coffee?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (seeing Brody's plate)
dialog: Is anyone having this...?
dialog: He starts in on it, as soon as someone has indicated "go
dialog: ahead."
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Dynamite!
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: How was your day...?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Swell.
text: They exchange a long look that evolves into a slightly
text: desperate, but shared laughter.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (producing wine)
dialog: Here... one red, one white.
text: They laugh some more. Ellen is again left out of it.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (boning his fish)
dialog: Ummm. Really good.
text: Brody begins stripping the foil off the wine, screwing in a
dialog: corkscrew, etc.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: My husband tells me you're in sharks.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I wouldn't put it that way. But I
dialog: love sharks.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You love sharks?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I do.
dialog: (he tells a story
dialog: about his boyhood
dialog: and a shark)
dialog: But you've still got a problem here,
dialog: there's a shark just off the island
dialog: somewhere.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: How come you have to tell them that?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Excuse me, but what are you talking
dialog: about? Didn't they catch the shark
dialog: this afternoon? It was on the Cape
dialog: station news.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: They caught a shark, not the shark.
dialog: Big difference. I could've proved it
dialog: this afternoon, by cutting that one
text: open and examining his stomach
dialog: contents. Also, his bite was too
dialog: small.
text: Brody has the cork out of the wine. Pop.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I was lucky to find that in town --
dialog: it's an estate bottled vintage year...
text: Brody takes the fine wine, and pours it into his drink glass
text: filling the tumbler to the top with ice cubes, diluted scotch,
dialog: and the wine.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (as Brody pours)
dialog: We ought to let it breathe...
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Let's all have a drink.
text: He extends the bottle to Hooper, who politely accepts a token
text: sip. He takes some for himself, and offers some to Ellen.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You too, sweetheart...
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (toasting)
dialog: Here's to your husband, the only
text: other rational man on the island.
dialog: Day after tomorrow, I'll be gone,
dialog: and he'll be the only one.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You're leaving?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Going out on the 'Aurora.'
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Is that a boat?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Is it! The best-funded research
dialog: expedition to ever study the shark...
dialog: around the world in 18 months.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Like those Cousteau specials on
dialog: television? I think it's for the
dialog: kids, but I love them.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Better than Cousteau, or Compagno
dialog: with computers, telemetry, Defense
dialog: Department funding...
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I saw a show with sea otters, and a
dialog: big turtle... Mikey loved it. Made
dialog: me promise to get him one. Will you
dialog: live on the boat?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin hates boats. Hates the water.
text: On the ferry to the mainland, he
text: sits in the car the whole way over.
dialog: He's got this childhood thing, there's
dialog: a clinical word for it.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Drowning. Lemme ask you something.
dialog: Is it true most attacks take place
text: in three feet of water, around 10
dialog: feet from the beach?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Yeah. Like the kid on your beach.
dialog: I wish I could've examined that shark
dialog: they caught...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Something else. Do most attacks go
dialog: unreported?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: About half of them. A lot of 'missing
dialog: swimmers' are really shark victims.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: There's a kind of a lone shark,
dialog: called, uh...
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Rogue?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Yeah. Rogue. Picks out an area where
text: there's food and hangs out there as
dialog: long as the food supply lasts?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: It's called Territoriality. It's a
dialog: theory.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: And before 1900, when people first
dialog: starting swimming for recreation,
dialog: before public bathing and resorts,
dialog: there were very few shark attacks,
dialog: cause sharks didn't know what they
dialog: were missing?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: You could say that.
text: Brody digests all this; confirmation of facts he has gleaned
text: in his newly acquired knowledge of the shark species.
text: There is a long pause.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Why don't we have one more drink,
dialog: you and I, and then we go down and
dialog: cut open that old shark and see for
text: sure what's inside him, or not.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Can you do that?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I am Chief of Police. I can do
dialog: anything I want.
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: You want to come?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I'm flattered you should ask.
text: He gets up and they both start out. Ellen watches them go.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT SHED - NIGHT
text: Dark, spooky shed, with shadows of boats and strange
text: silhouettes of boat parts and scaffolding. At one end, the
text: large, symmetrical bulk of the shark's carcass lies on a
text: tarp. A single dark figure is bending over the dead shark.
text: The large double doors at one end of the shed squeak open,
text: and the Shadowy Figure moves abruptly away from the shark.
text: The new entrants move into the shed. It is Hooper and Brody
text: and they are continuing the conversation begun in the car on
text: the way over.
text: As the Shadowy Figure moves silently into a vantage point
text: against one wall, he passes through the light from a window;
text: it is Quint, and we only see him long enough to recognize
text: him as he backs against the wall.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: ...And it was Dartmouth Winter
dialog: weekend, and she was Homecoming Queen,
dialog: and I was her date; then she got
dialog: into the fact that her family had
dialog: more money than my family, and she
dialog: was right -- her great-grandfather
dialog: was in mining, and my ancestors were
dialog: Yankee shipbuilders. So we broke up
dialog: and I went home with some beatnik
dialog: from Sarah Lawrence.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What stinks so bad?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Our friend, the shark.
text: They bend over the shape like 18th century graverobbers.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: We always had a summer place on the
dialog: water -- Newport, the Vineyard, so I
dialog: figured I'd major in something I
dialog: knew about. Oceanography, marine
dialog: biology. It was that, or design racing
dialog: yachts like my older brother. Hmmm.
dialog: He we go. Up the old alimentary canal.
dialog: Hold the light.
text: We hear a slurp and a squish as Hooper produces a big knife
text: and dips into the shark with a major incision.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
text: We open the abdominal cavity and
dialog: check the digestive tract. Simple.
dialog: (he attends to his
dialog: work)
text: From his vantage point, Quint watches, unseen by the two
dialog: men.
text: Brody is holding the light, fighting the gag reflex,
text: fascinated by the bizarre ritual.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
text: Half a flounder. Hmmm... a burlap
dialog: bag... a paint can... aha!
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What? What?!
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Just as I thought. He drifted up
dialog: here with the Gulf Stream, from
dialog: southern waters.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: How can you tell?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (showing it)
dialog: Florida license plate.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: He ate a car?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No, but Tiger sharks are the garbage
text: cans of the ocean. They eat anything.
dialog: But this one didn't eat any people.
dialog: There's nothing here...
text: He kicks the remains around below camera.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: ...Nothing.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: If you're looking for a shark, you
dialog: don't look on land. You go out and
dialog: chum for him.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Chum?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Only one sure way to find him --
dialog: offer him a little something to eat.
dialog: Chum -- blood, waste meat, fish,
dialog: anything. They can sense it miles
dialog: away. If he's out there, we might be
text: able to get a closer look at him.
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: It's a good time, too. They're night
dialog: feeders...
scene_heading: EXT. ABOARD HOOPER'S BOAT - NIGHT (TANK)
text: We see Brody, looking sick and nervous, holding on anxiously
text: as the "Fascinatin' Rhythm" moves slowly ahead trolling at
text: night. His glasses are already flecked with the white salt
text: of dried seawater. He is wearing a life-preserver.
text: Hooper is at the wheel, a chart spread in front of him, his
text: eyes scanning the sea restlessly, checking the dials and
text: gauges in front of him as well as the electronic depth-finding
text: and "fish-finder" gear mounted in the cockpit. A green glow
text: shines from the instruments on his face. Two closed-circuit
text: TV cameras mounted below the hull flash their pictures onto
text: monitors in the dash.
text: In the aisle between the seats is a large container filled
text: with unpleasant-looking bait; Hooper is long-lining for signs
text: of shark, and chumming.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (indicating distant
dialog: flashing beacon)
dialog: That's the Cape Light -- we're on
dialog: the stretch where he's feeding, if
dialog: he's still here.
text: Brody, bored, tired, and slightly queasy, is trying to
text: concentrate on anything but the motion of the boat. He stares
text: at the sophisticated electronics displays.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What is all this stuff?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (ticking them off)
dialog: Depth-finder, fathometer, sonar,
dialog: closed-circuit TV -- fore and aft --
dialog: RDF, single side band...
dialog: (points to themselves)
text: And two loose nuts behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Can you tell from that if a big man-
dialog: eater is around?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Sometimes.
dialog: (indicates display)
dialog: Look here -- something big, probably
text: a school of mackerel clumped together.
dialog: And staying right with us.
scene_heading: INSERT - ELECTRONICS SCREEN
text: It's blipping and peeping.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE TWO MEN
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Where'd you get all this?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I Bought it. Both sets of
dialog: grandparents set up trust funds for
dialog: me; stocks went up, so I don't have
dialog: to touch my principal.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You're at the Institute full time?
dialog: Or do you have a job?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (a nerve has been
dialog: touched)
dialog: It is a job. I'm not fooling around
dialog: like some amateur. It's my life!
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: We gotta get back soon...
text: WIDE ON THE "FASCINATIN' RHYTHM" AS IT SWINGS AROUND
text: The two men looking very small and vulnerable in the open
text: sea, the low-hanging mist obscuring their visibility in the
dialog: night.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BRODY
text: He hears something, his eyes widen. It is the "bump-thump"
text: of something scraping the hull.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Hey!
text: Hooper looks up and cuts the wheel hard, as the same time
text: dropping the engines into neutral, and then reverse. The
text: sudden change throws Brody to his knees.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What the hell?
text: ANGLE FROM HOOPER'S BOAT: GARDNER'S BOAT "FLICKA" AWASH AND
text: FLOATING DEAD IN THE SEA
text: It's what they've just run into -- flooded to the gunwales,
text: loose debris floating around, a tangle of lines and gear
text: looking like floating garbage in the cockpit. Hooper's light
text: sweeps across it.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: That's Ben Gardner's boat! It's the
dialog: Flicka! Ben? Ben!
text: Hooper cuts his engines and drifts in; he scampers out to
text: the bow of his boat and makes a line fast to the Flicka.
text: INSIDE THE COCKPIT OF HOOPER'S BOAT
text: The electronic display is showing increased activity, but
text: only Brody, who is clinging to a support for dear life, can
text: see the blips and hear the chatter. Hooper is leaning out to
dialog: look at the Flicka.
speaker_heading: THE TWO BOATS
text: Hooper is examining the Flicka, tying a towline to it.
text: INSERT HIS POINT OF VIEW
text: The light picks its way across the ruined boat. The rail
text: where a cleat once was is broadly scarred down to the raw
text: timber, and the heady cleat has been torn bodily out of the
text: hull, ripped out screws and all.
speaker_heading: HOOPER'S BOAT
text: Something he has seen moves Hooper.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I want to check something. Hold my
dialog: feet.
text: He sticks his head over the side, into the black water.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Don't they have lifejackets or
dialog: something? An extra boat?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (surfacing)
dialog: They must've hit something.
scene_heading: INSERT, ELECTRONICS DISPLAY
text: Blip, chatter, blip, chatter.
scene_heading: BRODY AND HOOPER
text: Hooper moves to get a better look, the boat rocks in the
text: swell and from his movement, Brody clutches the rail in a
dialog: death-grip.
text: Hooper goes below decks, getting into his wet suit, buckling
text: on a weighted belt, holding a mask and hot flashlight.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: He didn't have a dinghy aboard. I'm
text: going down to take a look at his
dialog: hull.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Why don't we just tow it in?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (hyperventilating)
dialog: We will. There's something I've got
dialog: to find out.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Be careful, for chrissake.
text: Hooper takes a last few breaths, orients himself, takes a
text: long, hard look at the quiet, open ocean, and falls into the
dialog: sea.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BRODY
text: He is studying the surface, trying to follow Hooper's
text: movements. Brody is forcing himself to stay at the edge of
text: the boat by sheer willpower and grim determination. Brody is
text: fascinated by the sea like a bird facing a cobra. He is very
text: much alone. He grasps a flashlight or boathook as a fragile
dialog: defense against the unknown.
text: PAST BRODY'S BACK TO THE ELECTRONICS
text: Beep, chatter, blip.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER SEQUENCE - HOOPER
text: Hooper descends in a froth of bubbles. Warily he turns a
text: full circle with his hotlight. At first we see nothing out
text: of place about the Flicka except that it is lying so low in
text: the water. But as Hooper travels the bottom looking for
text: damage, he comes across a jagged hole two-thirds of the way
dialog: forward.
text: The hole is about the size of a basketball, and the wood
text: around it has been bashed and splintered. Hooper explores
text: the hole with his hands, then takes the knife from its sheath
text: and begins to dig at something. Whatever it is comes free in
text: his hand. As he studies his find, his light wanders upward,
text: pointing directly into the dark hole. Hooper looks up...
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HOLE
text: Ben Gardner's dead face stares out through the hole in the
text: Flicka, eyes and mouth gaping in frozen horror, his skin
text: pinched like a prune.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HOOPER
text: bumps his head in trying to get away, seems to yell through
text: escaping bubbles. We hear the gasping shout as a bubbling
text: roar in the ears. His mask fills with water as he flails for
text: the surface. Miscalculating, he bumps into the hull of his
text: own boat, shocked, dismayed, his system jangling with
text: adrenaline shock, his hands open, and the object he pried
text: loose from the hull drifts down and out, falling into the
text: eternity of the ocean bottom. He finally bursts through the
dialog: surface.
scene_heading: END OF UNDERWATER SEQUENCE
text: THE BOAT, HOOPER EMERGING FROM THE WATER
text: He is gasping for breath, his whole body vibrating with
text: urgency. The salt water in his lungs combines with the
text: adrenaline in his blood to deprive him of speech.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: A White! A Great White, I found a
text: tooth buried in the hull. He must've
dialog: attacked... I knew it... Gardner's
dialog: dead in there. I didn't see the
dialog: mate...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: No shark did that to a boat!
text: Hooper, despite his shock and surprise, is strangely elated,
text: almost giddy with the wonder of his discovery.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Jesus Christ! A Great White! Who'd
dialog: believe it! We're not talking about
dialog: a shark, we're talking about a Shark!
text: Brody sinks weakly into a chair. Brody huddles in the stern,
text: Hooper kicks the engine in with a roar, and still a-shiver
text: with excitement, turns the boat and its grim tow back to
dialog: port.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND HIGHWAY - THE BILLBOARD - DAY
text: Next to the "Amity Welcomes You" billboard is a group of
text: selectmen, Vaughn, Meadows, Hendricks, and another deputy
text: standing by with paint and brushes. Brody's wagon is there,
text: along with a few other cars. Busy late afternoon traffic is
text: starting to pile up as early weekenders and curiosity seekers
text: slow down to see what's happening.
text: Behind the billboard, Brody and Hooper have gotten Vaughn to
text: one side. They are making a closely reasoned presentation to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: There is a kind of shark called a
dialog: Great White Shark that every expert
dialog: in the world agrees is a maneater.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: You're situation here suggests that
dialog: a Great White has staked out a claim
dialog: in the waters around Amity Island,
dialog: and that he will continue to feed
dialog: here as long as there is food in the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: There's no limits to where he can
dialog: strike, and we've had three attacks
dialog: and two deaths in the past few days.
dialog: It happened like this before, in
dialog: 1916, when a Great White killed five
dialog: swimmers at Jones Beach, in Long
dialog: Island.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
text: A shark's attack is stimulated by
dialog: the kind of splashing and activity
dialog: that occurs whenever humans go
dialog: swimming -- you can't avoid it!
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: A 4th of July beach is like ringing
dialog: a dinner bell, for Chrissake!
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I just pulled a shark tooth the size
text: of a shot glass out of the hull of a
text: wrecked boat out there.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: We towed Ben Gardner's boat in, Larry;
dialog: he was dead and his boat was all
dialog: chewed up.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Is that tooth here? Did anyone see
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I don't have it.
speaker_heading: BRODY
text: He lost it on the way up.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What kind of a shark did you say it
dialog: was?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
text: Carcaradon carcharias. A Great White.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Well, I'm not going to commit economic
dialog: suicide on that flimsy evidence. We
dialog: depend on the summer people for our
dialog: lives, and if our beaches are closed,
dialog: then we're all finished.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: We have got to close the beaches. We
dialog: have got to get someone to kill the
dialog: shark, we need non-corrosive mesh
dialog: netting, we need scientific support...
dialog: It's gonna cost money just to keep
dialog: the nuts out and save what we have.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I don't thing either of you is
dialog: familiar with our problems...
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I'm familiar with the fact that you
dialog: are going to ignore this thing until
dialog: it swims up and bites you on the
dialog: ass! There are only two ways to solve
dialog: this thing: you can kill it, or you
dialog: can cut off its food supply...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: That means closing the beaches.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Come here, I want to show you
dialog: something.
text: He leads Brody around to the front of the billboard, on which
text: we see that some pranksters have painted a huge shark fin in
text: the water behind the swimmer, so she looks now like a frantic
text: bather fleeing a pursuing monster.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Sick vandalism! Brody, that's a
text: deliberate mutilation of a public
dialog: service message! I want those little
dialog: paint-happy bastards caught and hung
dialog: up by their baby Buster Browns!
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (who has followed
dialog: them around)
dialog: That's it! I'm standing here arguing
dialog: with a guy who can't wait to be a
dialog: hot lunch. Goodbye.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Wait a minute! I need you.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Out there is a Perfect Engine, an
dialog: Eating Machine that is a miracle of
dialog: evolution -- it swims and eats and
dialog: that's all. Look at that! Those
dialog: proportions are correct.
dialog: (indicates fin)
dialog: I know sharks.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: You'd love to prove that. Getting
dialog: your name in the National Geographic.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Larry, we can re-open the beaches in
dialog: August.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: August! Tomorrow is the 4th of July,
dialog: and we are going to open for business.
dialog: It's going to be our best summer in
dialog: years. If you're so concerned about
dialog: the beaches, you two, you do whatever
dialog: you have to to keep them safe, but
dialog: with you or without you, the beaches
dialog: stay open this weekend.
scene_heading: INT. FERRY BOAT - DAY
text: Two cavernous iron doors. Then a crack of vertical light as
text: six burly crewmen muscle them apart. The Amity ferry landing
text: is approaching, people in colorful outfits waiting dockside
text: for the first filled-to-capacity shuttle of the summer season
dialog: and --
text: Bach's Little Fugue is the musical accompaniment to this
text: wholly visual montage of disembarkation. The next two minutes
dialog: should be treated like a "short film" taking into account
text: all of the colors, episodes, faces and behavior of a variety
dialog: of Americans who colonize Eastern resort communities for the
dialog: ninety-day season.
text: Intercut with this montage is Brody's home, where Ellen,
text: Hooper and Brody are in sweaty, gritty all-out effort to
text: enlist some support. Elements in this montage include:
text: A. A train of cars trundling down the ramp, bumper to bumper.
text: B. Young Beautiful People from Princeton, Yale, NYU, wearing
text: knapsacks, toting luggage, babies riding in papoose rigs,
text: energized children, senior citizens holding hands on the
text: pedestrian ramp, a few wheelchairs.
text: C. Hooper, bent over the phone: "I know it's a long weekend,
dialog: could you get me his home phone number?
text: D. Sidewalk vendors hawking "Shark Killed" souvenirs, big
text: photo "Personality Posters" of the dead tiger shark hung on
dialog: the dock.
dialog: E. Brody: "You're acting senior officer? Where's Chief Petty
dialog: Officer Feldman? Where's the Coast Guard Executive Officer?"
text: F. Souvenir stands selling Genuine Sharks Teeth from The
dialog: Amity Killer Shark, Captured This Week.
text: G. Amity Cab Company, small blue Toyotas lined up with their
text: college student drivers like a bomber wing.
dialog: H. Hooper: "Well then, operator, could you try him in the
dialog: dining room?"
dialog: I. Brody: "All I get is a recording. Is there some other
dialog: number I could try...?"
text: J. Station wagons with pale winter faces pressed anxiously
text: to the window. Cadillacs with Rear Admirals at the helm,
dialog: their wives with blue hair remembering the way from years
dialog: before.
dialog: K. Hooper: "When did he check out? Did he leave another
dialog: phone number?"
dialog: L. Brody: "How can I reach him in Chambers if he's not in
dialog: Chambers?"
text: M. Little Karate Hands breaking picket fences.
text: N. Some local delinquents about 10 or 12 years old, towing
text: behind their bicycles a little dead sand shark with signs:
text: "Amity Monster Shark." "Killed Here." 5 Cents a Hit." Etc.
text: Then six blonde and tanned Coney Island meatballs descend
text: the ramp. They all wear Men's Club Lifeguard patches and
text: matching collegiate windbreakers. They scour the landing,
dialog: looking for someone to save.
text: The boat is empty. Everybody heading inland, anticipating
text: the best Fourth of July ever. Already there is debris on the
text: docks and the cleaning crew works away at it.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE FERRY
text: As Bach's Little Fugue ends, the six burly crewmen lean their
text: combined weight against the Cathedral doors, closing out the
text: light and locking in the trade. The doors latch shut with a
text: resounding clang!
text: ANGLE ON BRODY, NERVOUSLY WATCHING THE BEACH
text: He is studying everything, trying to make sure he has it
text: covered as well as possible. He almost doesn't hear the
text: approaching roar of a small helicopter until it settles down
text: behind him, and a Flying Officer gets out, starched, pressed
text: fatigues, a flawless fatigue baseball cap, and slick dark
text: aviator's sunglasses. The Steve Canyon of Amity. He presents
text: Brody with a clipboard.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Martin Brody?
dialog: (Brody nods)
dialog: I'll need your signature here...
dialog: here... and here.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Authorization for direct payment of
dialog: flight expenses not directly connected
dialog: to a normal mission of this command.
dialog: (Brody doesn't
dialog: understand)
dialog: You pay for the gas.
text: Brody signs. The Officer shakes his head as Brody makes an
dialog: error.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I signed on the wrong line...
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Just erase your signature and initial
dialog: your erasure.
text: Brody complies, shaking his head. The Officer snaps him a
text: salute, jogs lightly back to his idling copter, buckles in,
text: and gives Brody a "thumbs up" as he lifts off in a flurry of
text: sand and ice-cream wrappers.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH PARKING LOT - EARLY MORNING
dialog: And this is it -- the Dawn Patrol, the only forces that the
text: frantic phone calling produced. Hendricks, and the regular
text: summer extra deputies. The lifeguards. Half a dozen state
text: troopers. Some deputies from neighboring towns, and a Coast
text: Guard ensign with a handful of regulars in work dungarees.
text: Some of Hooper's friends from the institute.
text: Brody and Hooper, badly in need of sleep, are watching the
text: crew straggle in. Already the first of the holiday beach-
text: goers are piling out of their cars in a brightly colored
text: cascade of beach balls, umbrellas, blankets, portable bar-b-
text: ques, radios, sun visors, reflectors, rafts, balls, tubes,
dialog: and newspapers.
text: Hooper watches one such group: A Family of Ten getting out
text: of a camper-van. He watches in dismay as the family bumbles
text: onto the beach for a day of fun in the sun.
text: Brody addresses his troops, such as they are.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I want to thank you guys from local
dialog: agencies for cooperating, and I hope
dialog: we won't actually be needing your
dialog: services. But I'm glad to have you
dialog: here.
dialog: The Men ad lib responses: "Happy to do it," "Any time,"
dialog: "When's lunch?" "I hate holidays," etc.
speaker_heading: ENSIGN
dialog: I want to get our lines and repellent
dialog: out, so we better shove off.
text: He nods to his men, who head for some Boston Whalers (or
text: similar boat with surf-riding capability) and push off into
dialog: the surf to patrol the swimming areas.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (a last caution)
dialog: We're all on one channel, so let's
dialog: keep radio traffic to a minimum,
dialog: okay?
text: Everyone kind of nods acknowledgment.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I hope we get some more help.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I wish it would rain...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - AMUSEMENT AREA - CLOSE OF SHARK MACHINE
text: In a shed near the bandstand, a half-dozen pinball and arcade
text: machines sucking quarters from holiday beach-goers. A
text: mechanical shark traverses the screen, is hit with an electric
text: harpoon and red "blood" blossoms from its side, indicating a
dialog: hit.
text: Sounds of electronic gadgetry, people having fun. Meadows is
text: there writing it all up for the paper. A move away from the
text: screen of this particular machine reveals the arcade, the
text: parking lot, and, finally, the beginnings of the panorama of
text: the beach that July 4th has created.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH BEACH - THE FOURTH OF JULY
text: four foot surfer's swell curls and crashes on shore,
text: riderless. The broad sandy beach is a mosaic of summer color
text: as one thousand vacationers practice fun in the sun, but not
text: in the water. Hot dog stands and ice cream vendors are
dialog: everywhere.
scene_heading: ANGLE - LIFEGUARD STATIONS
text: A half-dozen lookout lofts. As many handsome lifeguards with
text: Walkie-Talkies strapped to their trunks and loud-hailers at
text: arm's reach. Bored, two of the hot dogs train their binoculars
dialog: on some local color.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TV MOBILE UNIT
text: A TV Mobile Unit Van is setting up: cables snaking to cameras,
text: a camera with a big sports zoom sitting on the platform atop
text: the truck, a spiffy announcer-type in a blazer with his
text: station's call letters on the pocket. Inside the darkened
text: control room, we can see the pale blue squares of monitors
text: in a mosaic against one wall, facing the switcher.
speaker_heading: AT SEA
text: Hooper is methodically patrolling in his boat. Tactically
text: flanking a three-hundred-yard apron of black repellent are
text: four small watch-boats. A tiny pleasure boat darts around
text: the repellent line. Farther out, crossing back and forth,
text: are patrol boats. To top it all off, a Coast Guard helicopter
text: hovers and patrols three hundred feet above.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION MOBILE UNIT
text: At least eight monitors, reflecting the outputs of three
text: cameras and two tape machines, as well as line, preview, and
dialog: effects monitors.
text: MONITOR: CAMERA 1: Holding on a group of happy citizen-bathers
text: as they unpack their gear, wave to camera, run into the water.
text: MONITOR: CAMERA 2: The Repellent Line, set in place by Coast
text: Guardsmen in small boats, setting out floats, dumping
text: repellent into the ocean.
text: MONITOR: CAMERA 3: Close on the Bandstand, where Amity's
text: band is playing lilting patriotic airs.
dialog: After we've seen this activity, we can take a look at what's
dialog: going on: the preparation of the tape segment for the six
dialog: o'clock news.
speaker_heading: TV DIRECTOR
dialog: Put 1 on the line. In five. 4. 3. 2.
dialog: 1. Roll.
text: On the "Tape 1" and "Line" monitors, we see Vaughn being
text: interviewed by the Announcer in the blazer.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: ...and with me is the Mayor of Amity,
dialog: Lawrence Vaughn. Mr. Vaughn, how
dialog: about those rumors?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: How about them indeed. I'm pleased
dialog: and happy to repeat the news that we
dialog: have, in fact, caught and killed a
dialog: large predator that supposedly injured
dialog: some bathers here. As you can see,
dialog: it's a beautiful day, the beaches
dialog: are open, and the folks here are
dialog: having a wonderful time. Amity,
dialog: y'know, means 'Friendship.'
scene_heading: MONITOR: CAMERA 1: As Vaughn speaks to us on the monitors,
text: the monitor for Camera 1 pans over to show a Sightseeing Bus
text: pull up in the parking area, and a horde of media vultures
text: spilling out, carrying cameras with long lenses and tripods,
text: telescopes, sunshades and parasols, all the equipment of the
text: curious and none of the equipment of the holiday bather or
dialog: swimmer.
text: TAPE 1 AND LINE MONITORS: Close on the Announcer, Vaughn out
dialog: of the picture.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Also here today is a Marine Biologist
dialog: and Research Fellow from the
dialog: Oceanographic Institute, Matthew
dialog: Hooper. Mr. Hooper, what've you heard?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: What I've heard and what I've seen
dialog: are two different things. I believe
dialog: there is a large Great White Shark --
dialog: Carcharodon Cacharias - in the waters
dialog: off this very beach, that he has
dialog: killed and that he will kill again...
text: Hooper's voice fades off as someone at the mixer panel dials
text: his mike off, and brings up the Announcer's lavalier.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: (moving into center
dialog: frame)
dialog: And there you have it -- two different
dialog: opinions, by men of good will. The
dialog: holiday crowd here at Amity seems to
dialog: be making up its own mind...
text: The camera pans off him to a happy family headed for the
dialog: beach.
text: MONITOR: CAMERA 3: Zooms in on the puffing face of the tuba
dialog: player.
scene_heading: MONITOR: CAMERA 2: Brody and the Announcer.
text: MONITOR: TAPE 1 and LINE: Back on the Announcer, his lips
text: moving, but his sound turned off. We hear, instead, the sound
text: from Monitor Camera 2, Brody and the same Announcer.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I'm sorry, I just don't have the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: TV DIRECTOR
dialog: Recue the machines. 2, pan off the
dialog: Chief and show me some tits and ass.
dialog: 1, get me some cute kids. 3... see
dialog: if you got a shot at the water.
text: MONITORS: CAMERAS 1, 2 and 3: The cameras seek out the
dialog: appropriate activity as the Director calls for it.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: (holds up stopwatch)
dialog: Mayor, 43 seconds, Biologist 45
dialog: seconds. That's equal time, right?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Right.
dialog: (he presses "Talkback"
dialog: button to his
dialog: announcer)
dialog: Jerry, come on in and look at this.
dialog: (to his headset)
dialog: Roll 2. In five, 4. 3. 2. 1.
scene_heading: TAPE 2 - MONITOR:
dialog: Starts showing us the assembled interview segment we've just
text: seen, starting with the Announcer's opening remarks.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O. MONITOR)
dialog: Amity Island is famed for its clear
text: air and white sand beaches. But a
dialog: cloud appeared...
text: His voice is dialed under as the Announcer himself appears
text: in the control room to watch himself on the monitors.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (LIVE)
dialog: Look at that shine on my nose. It's
text: a beacon.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Close enough for remote.
text: As Vaughn begins his spiel again, the other monitors show us
text: the action on the beach.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN (V.O.)
dialog: ...I'm pleased and happy...
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Think we ought to stick around?
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: What else you got?
scene_heading: ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
dialog: Teachers' strike downtown.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Christenson, this is Al. Union says
dialog: time for Engineering Five.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: That's five minutes, guys. Coffee.
text: ANGLE ON THE BEACH
text: Vaughn is in his shirtsleeves, having slipped out of his
dialog: jacket.
text: He mops his brow, and surveys the beachfront. At this moment,
text: there's nobody swimming. He approaches a familiar Selectman,
text: nods hello, and squats beside him on the sand.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Why don't you get in the water?
speaker_heading: SELECTMAN
dialog: I don't want to wash off my suntan
dialog: lotion. I'll get a burn...
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (some urgency)
dialog: Nobody's going in!
text: On an adjoining blanket, a spirited Ruth Gordon type is
text: sitting, watching brightly as her manservant, a polished
text: Eric Harrison type, prepares some tea from a thermos.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Is there nobody going in? What a
dialog: shame. Arthur, should I be going in?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (THE BUTLER)
dialog: (pouring tea)
dialog: If you'd like.
text: He puts down the tea service, and leads her towards the water.
text: At the edge of the sea, she stops, and he walks in.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
text: (as he enters the
dialog: waves)
dialog: It's very nice. Not too cold... Quite
dialog: refreshing... Very pleasant....
text: He ducks his head under for a final look around. His dripping
text: head rises triumphantly from the surf.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: No sharks, m'lady.
text: She starts into the water, he takes her parasol, escorting
text: her the rest of the way into the ocean.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: This is marvelous! Arthur, I want to
dialog: come back to this very spot. Will
dialog: you make a note of where we are?
scene_heading: WIDE - ON THE BEACH
text: Encouraged by the sight of the Woman and Arthur, and Vaughn's
text: quiet urgings, people begin to wander into the surf, a few
text: at first, and then a rush, as people plunge in and begin
text: enjoying the pleasures of ocean bathing. The Selectman goes
text: in, his family follows, Vaughn watches it all, beaming.
speaker_heading: BOAT #7
text: Hendricks is on the radio while a Coast Guard spotter works
dialog: the sonar.
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: Anything? Thought I saw a shadow.
dialog: Over.
dialog: Pan to the water.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: As before, 400 pairs of enticing, yummy swimmers' legs,
text: kicking like animated hors d'oeuvres.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - AERIAL VIEW
text: A breathtaking view. The copter spotter looks down with naked
text: eye and binoculars.
speaker_heading: COPTER SPOTTER
dialog: Nothing from up here, Daisy. Over.
scene_heading: CLOSE - HENDRICKS
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: (into walkie-talkie)
dialog: False alarm. Must be this glare.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BEACH - CLOSE ON BRODY
text: He is walking down the beach, threading his way through the
text: happy hordes. Meadows nods "hello."
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Who's scared to go in! I was in! Up
dialog: to your knees, yeah -- So come with
dialog: me -- I'll go again.
speaker_heading: MEADOWS
dialog: Beautiful day, Chief!
text: A group of youngsters playing with Michael Brody's dinghy.
text: They are hauling it toward the surf.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Hey Mikey -- !
text: Michael turns as Brody trots toward him.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You're not going to the ocean with
dialog: that, are you son?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm all checked out for light surf
dialog: and look at it.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Do me this favor just once. Use the
dialog: ponds.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Dad, the ponds are for old ladies.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Just a favor for your old man.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Sure, Dad.
scene_heading: TV CREW - NEAR WATER
text: TV cameramen are packing up their gear. For them it's a wrap
scene_heading: REPELLENT LINE - COUNTY POLICEMAN
text: Suddenly his Walkie-Talkie fizzes, and the Copter Spotter's
text: voice overloads the speaker.
speaker_heading: COPTER SPOTTER
dialog: Copter to Daisy! Red Four, Red Four!
scene_heading: BOAT #7 - HENDRICKS
text: Guns are up, heads turning everywhere.
speaker_heading: HENDRICKS
dialog: (into walkie-talkie)
dialog: Where -- ?
speaker_heading: COPTER SPOTTER
dialog: Went under your -- There!
text: The Coast Guard sonar operator spots it and pales. A slick
text: black dorsal fin is slicing a wake toward the swimming area.
speaker_heading: SONAR OPERATOR
dialog: Jesus Christ -- Shark!
scene_heading: BEACH - BRODY
text: Rigid and choked, he almost breaks the "send" button trying
dialog: to transmit.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Everybody out! Out of the water,
dialog: please -- leave the water, please --
text: A lifeguard in a loft behind him begins blowing on his
dialog: whistle.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - BRODY
text: shouting hysterically.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: No whistles! No whistles!
speaker_heading: THE BEACH
text: Dozens of bathers halfway out of the water, turn to see.
text: More whistles, and they start toward shore. We hear panicky
text: voices ad-libbing; "Shark," "Look Out," etc. The loudhailers
text: sounding more urgent now, and a contagious dread seizes one
text: person after another. Entire groups of people begin pulling
text: toward shore, some of them obviously trying to control a
text: growing hysteria in others.
speaker_heading: BOATS #6 AND #7
text: are converging, heading toward the repellent line as if
text: tracking an underwater shadow. The fin is beyond the repellent
text: cordons and heading into the crowds.
speaker_heading: HOOPER'S BOAT
text: Caught on the other end of the line, he is wheeling in a
text: broad, hot-dogger's circle turn, headed back.
scene_heading: THE WATER - BATHERS
text: People begin screaming. Kids are suddenly separated from
text: their parents. Others seem to forget how to swim. One myopic
text: little girl has her glasses bumped off and she begins to cry
text: in blinded panic. Ellen Brody looks around frantic.
dialog: BOATS #2, #3, #4
text: The riflemen in the boats are trying to get a bead, but too
text: many civilians create a hazard. The Coast Guardsmen attempt
text: to sever the repellent cord to gain access to the bathing
text: area and the heaving fin.
scene_heading: THE WATER - BATHERS
dialog: This is a confirmation of our worst dread -- a full-blown
text: headlong water panic. Screaming vacationers claw their way
text: over the bodies of the less able. Some literally attempt to
text: walk over the bobbing heads and glistening backs of others
dialog: pulling for dry land.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUPS - PANIC
text: Horrified faces. Some are stunned and wandering in slow,
text: tentative circles, while others are helped out by friends.
text: Five people try to mount a rubber raft.
text: Ugly reminders that each of us is Number One.
text: Brody enters shot, yelling into his walkie-talkie, someone
text: charges past him to help an old man out of the water.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH
text: Dragging the helpless from the surf. Tears well in Brody's
text: eyes. The screaming is deafening. The TV unit is hopping up
text: and down in rage and frustration.
speaker_heading: TV DIRECTOR
dialog: Why did we wrap? Get that! Somebody
dialog: get that!
text: One thousand survivors pack the beach, standing absolutely
text: still. A numbing cold sets in, and people shiver against
dialog: each other.
text: Muted sobs, whimpering, coughing.
text: The six burly lifeguards huddle together like Cub Scouts.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BATHING AREA
text: The monstrous black fin turns a slow circle as two Coast
text: Guardsmen manage to cut their own repellent line. All boats
text: converge on the dynamic fin. Men raise their guns to fire.
text: Others adlib nautical commands in a uniquely calculated
dialog: fashion.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - FIN
text: It slips sideways, revealing for the first time a tiny blue
text: snorkel. Then appears the faces of two youngsters whom we
text: will recall from the coven behind the dune. The fin bobs
text: back, a beaverboard replica attached to a partially submerged
text: surfboard. One youngster looks up and is greeted by:
scene_heading: YOUNGSTER'S POINT OF VIEW
text: Twenty rifles and shotguns pointed directly at him.
text: Surrounding him on three sides. Some of the policemen start
text: to lower their guns -- struck dumb.
scene_heading: HOOPER IN HIS BOAT
text: He throttles back suddenly, subsiding into his own wake, his
text: eyes still restlessly searching.
scene_heading: CLOSE - YOUNGSTER
text: his only defense, he begins to cry -- and feebly raises his
text: hands in unconditional surrender.
scene_heading: ANGLE - ESTUARY
text: The narrow estuary leading into the half-mile is rough today.
text: Two children digging in the sand and unaware of the beach
text: panic one hundred yards away look up, and the little girl
dialog: points.
speaker_heading: BLACK DORSAL FIN
text: is cruising through the narrows and toward the busy pond.
text: HOOPER IN HIS BOAT AGAIN
text: He sees it, and jams his throttle forward. He steers with
text: one hand, fumbling urgently for his walkie-talkie with the
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: AERIAL VIEW
text: The circle of boats around the little pranksters, the crowds
text: huddled on the beach, Hooper's boat suddenly arrowing towards
text: the estuary, leaving a huge boiling wake.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON VAUGHN
text: He catches Hooper's boat out of the corner of his eye.
text: Curious, he follows its progress. It's urgency finally
text: communicates itself to Vaughn, who begins a shambling trot
text: across the dunes towards a rise overlooking the estuary.
scene_heading: OVERLOOKING THE ESTUARY
text: Vaughn gets there just in time to see the disaster. He
text: watches, helpless, trying to shout, out of breath. Stunned.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - POND
text: Michael is tacking full-sail in his boat with a friend, Kit.
text: Kit is admiring the shark's tooth necklace around his own
text: neck while Michael rubs some water on the scratches left by
dialog: it.
text: The fin, huge, black and real, crosses behind them. They are
text: not yet aware. The fin seems to circle and return. It heads
text: toward Michael's boat when another small dinghy gets in its
text: way -- a weekend novice just finishing a thermos of coffee
text: when he is "bumped." The entire boat is overturned. Michael
text: sees the fin now as it collides with him, the entire bow
text: lifting out of the water and rolling over on the port side.
text: Michael and Kit are thrown head first.
text: Three heads in the water come up sputtering, the fin between
text: them crossing back. Michael freezes. The fin comes directly
text: at him, growing into the sky, passing him so close he could
text: touch it, but ignoring him as it follows the flailing and
text: panicked weekend novice. Catches him. Michael watches. That
text: all too familiar explosion of water -- a choked off scream --
text: the head and upper torso of the novice passing Michael swiftly
text: as though being carried off -- a current of blood trailing
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: THE VICTIM
text: (passing a horrified
dialog: Michael, who half
text: extends one hand, as
dialog: if to help)
dialog: It's no good. I'm dead...
dialog: (and he is)
text: A renewed cry of shark!
speaker_heading: CLOSE - BRODY
text: He turns. Oh God! Running through the slogging sand.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ELLEN
text: A sudden turn. She runs.
scene_heading: CLOSE - HOOPER IN BOAT
text: He's got the walkie-talkie to his mouth.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Block the estuary! The estuary!
text: Three boats racing to carry out the orders. The black fin re-
text: passing the two children, racing to get out. Hooper reaches
text: the mouth before the others. The fin won't veer off. It smacks
text: into the little vessel, bumping it aside. The fin is left
text: racing into open water. Blood leavings. Hooper leaping over
text: the side, slogging towards Michael.
speaker_heading: WIDE ON WATER
text: Copter roars in buzzing the shark, but too late.
scene_heading: CLOSE - BRODY AND ELLEN
text: They are pulling Michael out of the water as Hooper splashes
text: up. Michael is conscious but in shock -- his eyes staring at
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (feeling his face)
dialog: He's in shock. Get blankets!
text: People gather and Brody snatches beach towels out of their
text: hands. They cover Michael and carry him off the beach, feet
text: raised above his head.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Michael is wheeled out in the bed. Brody and Ellen are there.
text: Sean is sleepy in Brody's arms. Vaughn is waiting in the
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: The doctor said it's okay -- mild
dialog: shock. He can come home in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (to Michael)
dialog: Hey, big guy -- you want anything
dialog: from home?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: My cars. And a comic book.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (sees Vaughn)
dialog: Here --
dialog: (gives baby to Ellen)
dialog: Take him home.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Home... New York?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: No. Home here.
text: Ellen exits.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (crossing to Vaughn)
dialog: Got a pen on you?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: There's only one thing you're good
dialog: for anymore -- signing a damn voucher.
dialog: Here. It's an authorization to employ
dialog: a contractor.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I don't know if I can do that without
dialog: a...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I'm going to hire Quint to kill the
dialog: fish. I want to see that shark dead.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Maybe we can save August...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Forget it. This summer's had it.
dialog: Next summer's had it. You're the
dialog: mayor of Shark City. You wanted to
dialog: keep the beaches open. What happens
dialog: when the town finds out about that?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I was acting in the town's best
dialog: interests...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: The best interest in this town would
dialog: be to see that fish belly-up in the
dialog: water with a hole in his head. You
dialog: do the right thing. You authorize
dialog: me.
dialog: (indicates paper)
dialog: Right there. Whatever it costs.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: My kids were on that beach...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Just sign it, Larry.
text: Vaughn signs, and Brody takes the paper and exits.
scene_heading: QUINT'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Brody and Hooper are approaching Quint's house. They enter
text: through the big wooden doors, into another circle of Hell.
text: Smoke and steam from two big oil drums sitting over fires
text: fills the air. Quint and his mate, Herschel, are grinding
text: pieces of pilot whale into chum. The whale lies bloody on
text: the floor, its ruined carcass adding to the stench of other
text: sharks being boiled in the drums, their tails suspended in
dialog: the air.
text: Diesel fumes and decay fill the air, and tools, ropes, broken
text: bits of iron and engine parts litter the floor. Wall hangings
text: of rope and floats, and buoys, barrels, tackle and gear all
text: conspire to frame the killing floor.
text: Brody and Hooper navigate the obstacle course.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: This has got to be one big
dialog: violation...
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (handling some gear)
dialog: This is quite a place.
speaker_heading: QUINT'S VOICE
dialog: Keep your hands off my stuff.
text: He emerges from the steam and smoke.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Did you bring a check?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Cash? Or do we do this on a handshake
dialog: and a promise?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I'm authorized by the township of
dialog: Amity to hire you as an independent
dialog: contractor. We'll meet your price.
dialog: $10,000.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: And my regular daily rate -- $200,
dialog: whether we catch him or not.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You got it.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: And incidental damages, if any...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You got it.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: And you get the Mayor off my back
dialog: with this zoning crap. Nobody tells
dialog: me how to run my property.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You got it.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: And, uh, a case of apricot brandy
dialog: and you buy the lunch.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Two cases. And dinner when you land.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (pours drink)
dialog: Try some of this. I made it myself.
dialog: Brody tastes.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Here's to swimmin' with bowlegged
dialog: women.
text: Herschel interrupts. He's stopped working, and is wiping his
text: hands on a bloody rag.
speaker_heading: HERSCHEL
dialog: Mr. Quint...
text: Quint wheels to face him.
speaker_heading: HERSCHEL
dialog: I'm not goin'. No sir.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: You want to get paid, you go.
speaker_heading: HERSCHEL
dialog: Forget the money. You can't pay me
dialog: enough. I ain't crazy. I worked some
dialog: big mean fish with you, but I ain't
dialog: goin' on this one.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: This is the last time I hear from
dialog: you. I don't want anyone with piss
dialog: for blood on my vessel. Put that
text: blackfish on board, pump the bilges,
dialog: and top off the fuel tanks, and finish
dialog: up in the morning. Then you're on
dialog: the beach.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: You're going to need an extra hand...
text: Quint turns to see this new voice, and starts walking towards
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: This is Matt Hooper...
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: I know who he is...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: He's from the Oceanographic Institute.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I've been to sea since I was 12.
dialog: I've crewed three Trans-pacs --
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Transplants?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: -- and an America's Cup Trials...
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: I'm not talking about day sailing or
dialog: pleasure boating. I'm talking about
text: working for a living. Sharking.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: And I'm not talking about hooking
dialog: some poor dogfish or sand shark. I'm
text: talking about a Great White.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Are you now. I know about porkers in
dialog: the water --
dialog: (throws him some rope)
dialog: Here. Tie me a sheepshank.
text: Hooper ties the knot effortlessly.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I don't need to pass basic seamanship.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Let me see your hands...
text: He takes Hooper's hands in his own big bloody fists, and
text: feels them as he talks.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Ha. City hands. You been counting
dialog: money. If you had a $5000 net and
dialog: $2000 worth of fish in it, and along
dialog: comes Mr. White, and makes it look
text: like a kiddy scissors class has gone
dialog: to work on it and made paper dolls.
dialog: If you'd ever worked for a living,
dialog: you'd know what that means.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Look, I don't need to hear any of
dialog: this working class hero crap. Some
dialog: party boat skipper who's killed a
dialog: few sharks...
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Hey. Knock it off. I don't want to
dialog: have to listen to this while we're
dialog: out there...
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: What do you mean 'We...?'
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: It's my charter. My party.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: All right, Commissioner. But when
dialog: we're on my ship, I am Master, Mate
dialog: and Pilot. And I want him...
dialog: (indicates Hooper)
dialog: ...along for ballast.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You got it.
scene_heading: EXT. QUINT'S DOCK - MORNING
text: The Mate is loading. He hands Quint the items on his check
text: list as Quint takes them aboard.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: 5 lengths of 1/2-inch, 20 number
text: 14's, straight gaff, flying gaffs,
dialog: tail rope, eye splice, M-1, 20 clips,
dialog: pliers, irons...
text: As he talks, we see Hooper coming down to the dock. Wheeling
text: a wagon behind him are two long-haired Research Assistants
text: from the Institute. On the wagon, among other things, is a
text: big shark cage. At dockside, Hooper checks his list, as he
text: signs for his issue.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Powerhead, CO2 darts, hypo, regulator,
dialog: tanks, depth gauge, camera, extra
dialog: magazines, cage...
scene_heading: CLOSE - ON HOOPER AND RESEARCH ASSISTANT
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: You got everything you asked for?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: All of it. And thank Dr. Miro for
dialog: me. And tell Borack I'll catch up
dialog: with them in New Zealand.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: This is actually a killing expedition?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: An eye for an eye, you know.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Hey, Squirt! You want to stow this
dialog: gear or you want me to use it for
dialog: ballast? It ain't good for much but
dialog: bait.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (to Assistant)
dialog: I'll see ya. Tell Dorothy hello.
text: Hooper sees his gear approaching.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DOCK AND ORCA
text: Quint sees Hooper approaching with the large cage.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Hello, Junior. What are you? Some
dialog: kind of half-assed astronaut?
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Jesus Christ, when I was a kid, every
dialog: little squirt wanted to be a harpooner
dialog: or a sword fisherman. What d'ya have
dialog: there -- a portable shower?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Anti-Shark cage.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Who's inside, you or the shark?
dialog: Hooper indicates "me."
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: You're in the cage?
dialog: (Hooper nods)
dialog: The cage is in the water?
dialog: (Hooper nods)
dialog: The shark is in the water too?
dialog: (Hooper nods)
dialog: You're in the water with the shark.
text: Hooper nods. Quint sings "Spanish Ladies" half to himself.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Comin' aboard...
text: ANGLE ON DOCK, BRODY AND ELLEN APPROACHING
text: She's carrying a little plastic shopping bag, he's wearing
text: shiny new foul weather gear, bundled up, sweaty,
dialog: uncomfortable.
text: She gives him as good a hug as she can manage under the
dialog: circumstances.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Did you take your dramamine?
dialog: (Brody nods)
dialog: Here.
text: She straightens his coat, and gives him a shaving kit to
text: carry aboard with his toiletries. From the deck, Quint
text: whistles derisively.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Hurry up, Chief, daylight's a wastin'.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Is that him?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (to Ellen)
dialog: Colorful, isn't he?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You going to be all right?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Nothing to worry about -- I'll survive
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I'll see you back soon. There's an
dialog: extra pair of glasses in your black
dialog: socks, and there's some suntan lotion
dialog: and blistex in your kit.
text: Brody nods, and holds her hand for a wordless moment.
speaker_heading: QUINT (O.S.)
dialog: (sings)
dialog: 'Here is the body of Mary Lee. For
dialog: 15 years she kept her virginity. Not
dialog: a bad record for this vicinity.'
text: There is a sputter and roar as the Orca's diesels kick on.
speaker_heading: BRODY
text: Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (hugging him)
dialog: What'll I tell the kids?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Tell 'em I went fishin'!
text: They laugh together, and exchange a short, fierce kiss.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Cast off the bow line! Now your stern!
text: Its diesels chugging, the Orca pulls away from the pier.
text: Ellen has already resolutely turned her back on it, and is
text: walking off the dock back onto dry land.
speaker_heading: ABOARD THE ORCA
text: Quint has set a course out towards the open sea. He lashes
text: the wheel, and jumps down to address Hooper and Brody, who
text: are standing together in the stern.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Front-Bow, Back-Stern, Port,
dialog: Starboard. Aloft, Below. It's not a
dialog: staircase, it's a ladder, it's not a
dialog: rope, it's a line, and if you don't
dialog: get it right...
dialog: (indicates porthole)
dialog: I'll throw your ass through that
text: little round window.
text: He laughs at his joke. This is probably something he tells
dialog: all his charters.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Now hear this. You're aboard the
dialog: fishing vessel 'Orca,' and I'm her
dialog: Captain, Master, Mate, and Owner.
dialog: You'll jump when I holler. We're
dialog: doin' a job here, and Christ, I ain't
dialog: got time to watch you birds get hooks
dialog: in your ass and fall overboard. Ship
dialog: with me, and you'll do all right.
dialog: Cross me, and I'll slap you upside
dialog: your heads. Now -- if you boys are
dialog: ready -- let's go fishin'.
text: He starts moving gear around, preparing chum barrels, setting
text: hooks, Hooper gives him a hand, Brody stays out of the way.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE OCEAN - NOON
text: It is quiet as the Orca drifts along in the current, a wide
text: chum slick spreading behind it. A couple of flag buoys spread
dialog: along our perspective show us the miles the boat has gone.
text: Quint spots something in the water -- a small blue shark
text: attracted by the chum. He rigs a small pole with a piece of
text: bait, and throws it over the side.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Here's something for you...
text: The shark takes the bait, Quint brutally and efficiently
text: sets the hook, and reels the shark alongside. He hauls it
text: part way out of the water, and sticks it with a gaff. Hooper
dialog: and Brody watch.
scene_heading: INSERT - SHARK WRIGGLING ON HOOK
text: Tailrope dropping on him. Gaffed and bleeding, the shark is
text: immobilized by Quint's practiced hands. He takes one of his
text: big knives and poses for a moment beside the struggling fish.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: These greedy sons-a-bitches will eat
dialog: their own guts.
text: He slices into the shark's underbelly. We hear the sound of
text: entrails plopping into the water. Brody is almost retching,
text: and Hooper is just displeased.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE WATER
text: The gutted shark swimming in circles biting at its own
text: entrails.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Fins closing in on the wounded shark.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Go ahead, you cannibals. Tell 'em
dialog: where you got it!
speaker_heading: SHARK FRENZY
text: A boil of water and the flash of fins and teeth as the local
text: sharks erupt in a feeding frenzy, jaws snapping, blood
text: spewing, a sudden display of the fury and blind predatory
dialog: drive of the fearsome species.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: What's that supposed to prove?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Just a little appetizer. I want our
dialog: porker to know we're serving. I want
dialog: to put some iron into that big yap...
text: HOOPER AND BRODY REACT AS WE
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE OCEAN - AFTERNOON
text: The Orca is drifting in neutral. The ocean is like gelatin,
text: the sun sucking heat waves from its surface. Brody at the
text: stern, handkerchief on his head to protect from further
dialog: sunburn, has been handed the slimiest job on a shark hunt:
text: the ladling out of chum. There are several empty chum barrels.
text: A flag buoy bobs in the wake of the boat, another waits to
text: be tossed over the side. Brody is reeling with nausea. He
text: opens his overnight kit and takes out a handkerchief and
text: some Old Spice after-shave. He pours the after-shave into
text: the cloth, presses it to his nose. Hooper is also in the
dialog: stern.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Keep that chum line going -- we've
dialog: got five good miles. Don't break it.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Who's driving the boat?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Nobody. We're drifting with the
dialog: current.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (using the fish finder)
dialog: Nothing. Nothing, nothing, nothing.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: Hell, in the old days we went out
dialog: with good charts, good sounding lead,
dialog: and a damn good compass. Nowadays,
dialog: these kids are afraid to go out
dialog: without depth finders, radar, radio,
dialog: electric toothbrush, every stupid
dialog: thing...
text: Quint opens a can of beer and drains it in one long pull,
text: crushing the empty and throwing it over the side. Hooper
text: drains his coffee from a styrofoam cup, and cracks it in his
text: hand with a silly "plup." He stows the pieces in an empty
dialog: chum barrel.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Get a fresh barrel.
text: Brody goes to unlash a fresh barrel, but can't figure out
text: the knots. He finally tugs on a piece of rope, and it all
text: comes loose... barrel, shark cage, and, most important,
text: Hooper's tanks, clattering and rolling on the deck.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (jumping up)
dialog: Watch it! Compressed air -- you screw
dialog: around with one of those and Boom!
dialog: Careful, huh?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: Real fine stuff but it won't mean a
dialog: thing to Mr. Whitey, of course... he
dialog: didn't go to schools in electronics.
dialog: He was born with what he does best.
dialog: Eat. He's a swimming appetite. 'Course
dialog: he might eat this stuff, but then
dialog: I've seen him eat a rocking chair,
dialog: too.
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Next time, ask me.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The men are in different positions on the boat. Hooper on
text: the flying bridge. Quint in the stern, Brody hanging over
text: the rail, puking.
text: Quint takes a wide red strip of whale meat and a gnarled
text: squid from the garbage pail, and searches for a No. 2 hook
text: rig. He holds up a strip of whale.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (eyeing bait)
dialog: That's pilot whale, isn't it?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: It ain't a Big Mac.
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: The expert don't approve. What do
dialog: you thing? You're closer to the
dialog: situation.
dialog: (laughs)
text: Brody shades his eyes from the white sun as Quint baits up.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (croaky)
dialog: Why are we way out here, when the
dialog: shark's back there?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (snapping bait to his
dialog: leader)
dialog: ...'cause this is where he lives.
dialog: You gotta think like they do.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Easy for you -- they got a brain the
text: size of a radish.
text: Quint sits in the fighting chair. He casts off, murmuring as
text: the line feeds out.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Now if he weren't around, we'd of
dialog: hooked something else by now, wouldn't
dialog: we? But he scared 'em all away. Big
dialog: lonesome son of a bitch...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Quint at ease in his chair, Brody near him, practicing tying
text: knots. The line starts to move, a few feet at a time; both
text: men watch. Then the line whizzes off the reel. Brody jumps
text: up. Hooper springs to the deck. Quint puts his hand on the
text: drag and addresses the situation softly.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: -- he'll gulp it down now...
dialog: (making gulping noises)
dialog: Hooooooo!
text: Quint tightens drag and strikes. The line goes whizzing out.
text: Brody runs to Quint's side. Hooper springs up to the flying
dialog: bridge.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: You got it?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (turning with the
dialog: pull)
dialog: Get behind me, dummy!
dialog: (shouts to Hooper)
text: Reverse her and turn -- he's taking
dialog: too much line!
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Wet my reel, quick!
text: Brody goes to get water, the boat surges, he staggers. Brody
text: pours water on the screaming reel, nearly unspooled now.
text: Hooper is turning the boat around and the line changes
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (straining, muscles
dialog: popping)
dialog: Starboard, for Chris'sake --
text: Hooper steers it sharply.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: Hey, you! Farmer! Half-speed there...
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: Aye, Aye SIR. Stand by to repel
text: boarders. Poop the mainsail. Argh,
dialog: Jim Boy.
text: Again the line changes direction, down this time.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: Neutral!
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Where the hell is he going?
text: Quint reeling in like mad.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Oh, this ain't foolin' me --
text: (rod arcs down with a
dialog: surge)
dialog: Sure -- try it!
text: He ad libs brief instructions to Brody as the line rushes
text: out and there is less tension. Quint is horsing up and down,
text: reeling in.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Makin' believe it's easy now.
text: The line is almost vertical, and Quint shows a hint of
text: bafflement. He reels in suspiciously.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Gettin' ready to run again -- no?
dialog: No?
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: What's he playin' here?
dialog: (reels in furiously,
dialog: to Brody)
dialog: Put the gloves on!
dialog: (to fish)
dialog: Let's see who's gonna tease who now!
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Let it go, don't waste your time.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: Down here, Hooper!
text: Hooper is rushing down.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I don't know what it is, but it's
dialog: not a shark.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (bathed in sweat;
dialog: hauling, reeling)
dialog: Look -- you may be a big Yahoo in
dialog: the lab, but out here you're just
dialog: supercargo, and you'll do as I say,
dialog: or you can take your gear and
dialog: backstroke home. Now get down here!
text: The leaders show above the water line. Brody is wide-eyed,
dialog: waiting for that first look.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: The wire's showing!
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Unbuckle me -- fast!
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: Grab the leader. He ain't normal,
dialog: this one... they never --
speaker_heading: HOOPER
text: It's too wild, too erratic. It's a
dialog: marlin or a stingray. It's a gamefish.
text: Hooper snaps the rope onto the leader and holds on.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Watch your hands --
dialog: (suddenly to Brody)
dialog: Grab onto this!
text: Before he realizes what's happening, Brody is clumsily
text: clutching at the big rod, appalled. Quint skips away for a
text: flying gaff. He picks one, turns...
text: That's when the leader lashes free, sending Hooper crashing
text: backward in a serious fall, and the rod whips at Brody's
text: forehead, drawing blood. Quint snatches up the rod and reels
dialog: in.
text: The wires have been bitten through.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: A marlin, or a stingray. Huh. Don't
dialog: ever tell me my business again. Get
text: back up on the bridge.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: I'm okay...
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Fasten the pole.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What's the point with hooks and Lines? --
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Don't tell me my business!
dialog: (to Hooper, points)
text: Quarter-mile, that way. Full throttle.
text: Hooper shakes off his dizziness and obeys. Brody watches
text: Quint rig up a new leader, hook up the same bait.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (nursing forehead,
text: gesturing at rod and
dialog: reel)
dialog: How -- if they're gonna keep on
dialog: breaking?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: What I do is trick him to the surface,
dialog: got that? Then I can jab him,
dialog: understand?
dialog: (goes to flybridge,
dialog: muttering)
dialog: Think I'm gonna haul it in as if
dialog: he's a catfish, like everyone else
dialog: does?
text: Brody goes inside to inspect his forehead.
scene_heading: ON BRIDGE - HOOPER AND QUINT
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (suddenly, pointing)
dialog: Over there!
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: What do you see?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (still looking)
dialog: At least you handle the boat all
dialog: right. Stop. Here... Cut the engine.
text: Hooper cuts the engines as Quint swings nimbly down. He stands
text: stock still on the main deck, motioning Brody to be silent.
text: Then picking up the newly rigged rod, Quint softshoes it
text: over to the chair. About to sit down, he freezes.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - QUINT
text: looking hard at something.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - BRODY
text: staring, eyes widening.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HOOPER
text: moving in, surprised, interested, fascinated.
text: THEIR COMBINED POINT OF VIEW
text: We see the shark. First the fin... then the head and upper
text: jaws, ten or twenty yards off the side of the boat. It finally
text: submerges, its tail giving a final slap.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON QUINT
text: He puts his rod away and stares at it. And stares. And stares.
text: Hooper is the first to break the silence.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: 20 feet, if it's an inch...
speaker_heading: QUINT
text: 25 feet. And three tons of him there.
text: Hooper is nearly beside himself with a strange ecstasy. He
text: leaps toward his gear.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (quietly, to Brody)
dialog: I never saw one that big.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What do we do? Get some help? Radio
dialog: in?
text: Quint ignores him and moves off into the pilot house, where
text: he swiftly takes out his green case, and opens it to begin
text: to assemble something inside it. Brody is alone on the deck
dialog: with Hooper.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: How're we gonna handle this?
text: Hooper is contained in his own excitement. He has finally
dialog: come up with what he was looking for -- an expensive Nikon
text: through which he peers intently at the shark alongside. He
text: is talking half to himself as he fine-tunes the range finder
dialog: and focus.
text: He is squeaking and bubbling in an unsuppressed emotional
dialog: boil.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (very, very high)
dialog: There's a formula! Girth, about 150
dialog: inches, squared, divide by 800 --
dialog: son of a bitch, they are not going
dialog: to believe this! -- divide by 2000...
dialog: three tons!
dialog: (after Quint)
dialog: You're right, you old fart! Three
dialog: tons!
dialog: (ad libs ecstasy)
text: CLOSE ON QUINT IN THE PILOT HOUSE
text: He is assembling the Greener harpoon gun, deftly screwing on
text: the long wooden stock, the heavy steel barrel, and big shaft
text: with the wicked barbs, the frame all rigged with line. Past
text: him, on the deck, we can still see Hooper. As Quint is working
text: with the gun, the radio suddenly squawks into life.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Amity Point Light Station to Orca.
dialog: This is Amity Point Light Station,
dialog: to Orca...
text: Quint snaps the mouthpiece to his lips.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Orca here.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: I have Mrs. Martin Brody here...
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Put her on.
speaker_heading: ELLEN'S VOICE
dialog: ...push this? Oh. It's working. Hello,
dialog: Martin?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: This is Quint, Missus.
speaker_heading: ELLEN'S VOICE
dialog: I just wanted to know if you were
dialog: all right... the Coast Guard let me
dialog: use their radio. Is Chief Brody there?
speaker_heading: QUINT
text: He's busy.
speaker_heading: ELLEN'S VOICE
dialog: Well... is everything all right?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Just fine, Missus. We'll be back
dialog: soon. Everything's fine. We haven't
text: seen anything yet. Orca out.
text: He snaps off the radio, and, for good measure, pulls the
text: plug from the power source.
speaker_heading: ANGLE FROM DECK
text: The big shark is slicing through the water just below the
text: surface, its fin high, the big gray back glistening, the
text: teeth gleaming.
scene_heading: ANGLE - INCLUDING FOREDECK
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (on deck)
dialog: Damn it! I need something in the
text: foreground to give it some scale.
dialog: Martin! Stand here! No, to your left!
text: He is positioning Martin frantically, trying to include Brody,
text: the shark, and the Orca in the same frame. Quint finishes
text: with the gun, and as a final gesture, snaps an explosive
text: cartridge into the breech. He empties the box of cartridges
text: onto the table, snatches up a big handful, and drops them
text: into a pocket, and heads out on deck, bound for the bow
dialog: pulpit.
speaker_heading: ON DECK
text: Quint appears with the harpoon gun. He throws one end of the
dialog: line to Hooper.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Here. Rig this to the forward keg up
dialog: there.
text: He indicates the barrels on the foredeck.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Get up there and steer her. Follow
dialog: my hand, and hold 'er steady. I've
dialog: got to get a clean shot at that
text: porker's head.
text: Quint moves up toward the bow, Brody goes up to the flying
text: bridge to take the wheel, Hooper starts for the foredeck,
text: but stops to rummage in his kit, throwing gear around as he
text: desperately hunts for something.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Hurry up, rig the line!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HOOPER
text: He finds what he's looking for. A small, powerful strobe
text: unit, waterproofed, a miniature signal beacon. He triggers
text: it, and it begins to pulse with a light we can see even in
dialog: the sun.
text: Hooper scampers to the foredeck and begins to rig the light
text: to the first barrel, as the shark begins to surface near the
dialog: bow.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Come to port. Watch my hand. Steady
dialog: now...
text: He guides Brody with hand signals. Brody tries urgently to
dialog: get it right, not to oversteer, to try to hold the big boat
text: with its throbbing diesels on the course that Quint is
dialog: indicating.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: The line, man, the line!
text: Hooper is rigging like crazy.
text: FROM THE FLYING BRIDGE
text: Brody steering f.g., Hooper on the foredeck with the barrels,
text: Quint leaning out over the pulpit, the gun at the ready, the
text: shark crossing inexorably in front of them.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON QUINT
text: Agonizing over his shot as the shark approaches, glancing
text: back to see if the line is properly rigged and Hooper is
text: clear of it.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Get clear, damn you!
text: The shark is in position, Hooper shouts, a moment too late.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Clear!
text: Quint fires. The harpoon slams into the shark behind his
text: head, half-way along the back in front of the big dorsal
dialog: fin.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Jesus H. Christ On a Crutch!
scene_heading: INSERT - COILED ROPE AND BARREL
text: The rope snaps out in a blur of violent motion, Hooper jumps
text: back, and the barrel leaps out of its rack, pulled by the
text: line rigged to the harpoon. It bounds forward and into the
text: sea, past Quint, who is already reloading, mounting another
text: steel shaft. In the distance, the barrel bobs and skips
text: violently in the water, dragged by the shark in his merciless
dialog: moves.
scene_heading: THE FOREDECK - QUINT
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Now you've done it, you piss-ant.
dialog: Stop and rig a goddam tinker toy to
dialog: my gear. Let the bastard fight the
dialog: keg for a while. He can't stay down
dialog: with that on.
text: Hooper, furious with himself, runs for the flying bridge to
dialog: take the helm from Brody.
text: THE FLYING BRIDGE, BRODY AND HOOPER
text: Hooper has snatched the wheel, and is ramming the throttle
text: forward as he spins the wheel in a frantic 180 degree turn.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (to Quint)
dialog: Rig another keg! I'm bringing her
dialog: around!
text: His eyes dart about the ocean, looking for the barrel, as he
text: hot-dogs the ship around in a violent expression of his own
dialog: disgust with himself.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: God damn it! We had him!
dialog: (to Quint)
dialog: I'm coming about!
text: He spins the wheel again, trying to make the big boat handle
text: like a formula speedster. The decks tip and the rigging sways
text: under the sudden strain. Brody is caught unaware, and tumbles
text: off his feet, sliding across the deck to fetch up against a
text: wall. the M1 Rifle is close to his hand. He stares at it.
text: FROM THE FLYING BRIDGE
text: Hooper is anguished, intense, trying to find the shark,
text: spinning the wheel, compounding his error, tipping the boat
text: in rolling turns as he crosses his own wake. Quint has turned
text: his back to the sea, and is in the pulpit looking up at
text: Hooper, staring at him, excluding everything else.
text: As Quint folds his arms and stares at Hooper, we realize the
text: sun is going down, and it's getting dark.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Why don't we go in? Get another crack
dialog: at him tomorrow.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: We got a barrel on him. We can't
dialog: lose him. We stay out here until we
dialog: find him.
text: Hooper throttles back, and the roar of the diesels subsides
text: and the boat resumes an even keel, slowly circling the ocean.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Let's call in -- we can radio and
dialog: have a big boat here in an hour...
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (grim)
dialog: You hired me, remember? It's my
dialog: $10,000. It's my shark...
scene_heading: EXT. ORCA - OPEN SEA - NIGHT
text: Throttled back to slow ahead, the boat circles the water
text: endlessly, staying over the shark like an avenging angel.
text: Its running lights gleam in the night, and a glow lights the
text: interior of the pilot house. A bright strobe glints on the
text: water winking once like a firefly.
scene_heading: INT. PILOT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Brody and Hooper at the table, Quint at the wheel, keeping
text: his eye on the light.
speaker_heading: QUINT
text: He's up again.
text: He corrects course slightly to keep the barrel buoy in sight.
text: Hooper is sitting at the table, morose. Brody is staring at
text: a couple of open cans of beans or beef stew, or some other
text: crappy rations Quint has on board. Dirty spoons stuck in the
dialog: open cans show us this has not been a formal dinner. Quint
text: fumbles on the chart shelf and produces some of his home
dialog: brew.
text: He takes a pull, and hands it to Hooper, who takes a double.
text: Brody touches the fresh abrasion on his forehead, where the
text: fishing rod caught him.
text: Quint bends forward and pulls his hair aside to show something
text: near the crown.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: That's not so bad. Look at this:
dialog: ...St. Paddy's Day in Knocko Nolans,
dialog: in Boston, where some sunovabitch
dialog: winged me upside the head with a
dialog: spittoon.
text: Brody looks politely. Hooper stirs himself.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Look here.
dialog: (extends a forearm)
dialog: Steve Kaplan bit me during recess.
text: Quint is amused. He presents his own formidable forearm.
speaker_heading: QUINT
text: Wire burn. Trying to stop a backstay
dialog: from taking my head off.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (rolling up a sleeve)
text: Moray Eel. Bit right through a wet
dialog: suit.
text: Brody is fascinated. Quint and Hooper take a long pull from
dialog: the bottle.
speaker_heading: QUINT
text: Face and head scars come from amateur
text: amusements in the bar room. This
dialog: love line here...
text: (he bends an ear
dialog: forward)
dialog: ...that's from some crazy Frenchie
dialog: come after me with a knife. I caught
text: him with a good right hand right in
text: the snot locker and laid him amongst
dialog: the sweetpeas.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Ever see one like this?
text: He hauls up his pants leg, revealing a wicked white scar.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Bull shark scraped me while I was
dialog: taking samples...
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Nothing! A pleasure scar. Look here --
text: He starts rolling up his own dirty pants leg.
speaker_heading: QUINT
text: Slammed with a thresher's tail. Look
dialog: just like somebody caressed me with
dialog: a nutmeg grater...
text: Brody is drawn into their boasting comparisons. He secretly
text: checks his own appendix scar, decides not to enter the
dialog: contest.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I'll drink to your leg.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: And I'll drink to yours.
text: They toast each other. Brody looks around, sees the strobe
text: blink once through the darkened window.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Wait a minute, young fella. Look.
dialog: Just look. Don't touch...
text: He starts lowering his pants to reveal a place on one hip
text: where the tissue is scarred and irregular.
speaker_heading: QUINT
text: ...Mako. Fell out of the tail rope
dialog: and onto the deck. You don't get
dialog: bitten by one of those bastards but
dialog: twice -- your first and your last.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (considerably drunker)
dialog: I think I can top that, Mister...
text: Hooper is pulling at his shirt, trying to get it off, but
text: it's tangling its sleeves, and won't come undone.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Gimme a hand, here. I got something
dialog: to show you --
text: Brody lends a hand. The shirt slips part way off.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (indicating his chest)
text: There. Right there. Mary Ellen Moffit
dialog: broke my heart. Let's drink to Mary
dialog: Ellen.
text: The two men raise their mugs in a toast.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: And here's to the ladies. And here's
dialog: to their sisters; I'd rather one
text: Miss than a shipload of Misters.
text: He drinks, Hooper follows.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (shows belly)
dialog: Look a' that -- Bayonet Iwo Jima.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (aside)
dialog: C'mon. Middle appendix --
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (aside)
dialog: I almost had 'im.
text: Brody is looking at a small white patch on Quint's other
dialog: forearm.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: What's that one, there?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (changing)
dialog: Tattoo. Had it taken off.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Don't tell me -- 'Death Before
dialog: Dishonor.' 'Mother.' 'Semper Fi.'
dialog: Uhhh... 'Don't Tread on Me.' C'mon --
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: 'U.S.S Indianapolis.' 1944.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What's that, a ship?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You were on the Indianapolis? In
dialog: '45? Jesus...
text: Quint remembering.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON QUINT
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Yeah. The U.S.S. Indianapolis.
dialog: June 29th, 1945, three and a half
text: minutes past midnight, two torpedoes
dialog: from a Japanese submarine slammed
dialog: into our side. Two or three. We was
text: still under sealed orders after
dialog: deliverin' the bomb...the Hiroshima
dialog: bomb...we was goin' back across the
dialog: Pacific from Tinian to Leyte. Damn
dialog: near eleven hundred men went over
text: the side. The life boats was lashed
dialog: down so tight to make the bomb run
dialog: we couldn't cut a single one adrift.
text: Not one. And there was no rafts.
dialog: None. That vessel sank in twelve
dialog: minutes. Yes, that's all she took.
dialog: We didn't see the first shark till
dialog: we'd been in the water about an hour.
text: A thirteen-footer near enough. A
dialog: blue. You measure that by judgin'
dialog: the dorsal to the tail. What we didn't
dialog: know... of course the Captain knew...I
dialog: guess some officers knew... was the
dialog: bomb mission had been so secret, no
dialog: distress signals was sent. What the
dialog: men didn't know was that they wouldn't
dialog: even list us as overdue for a week.
dialog: Well, I didn't know that -- I wasn't
text: an officer -- just as well perhaps.
dialog: So some of us were dead already --
dialog: in the water -- just hangin' limp in
dialog: our lifejackets. And several already
dialog: bleedin'. And the three hundred or
text: so laying on the bottom of the ocean.
text: As the light went, the sharks came
dialog: crusin'. We formed tight groups --
text: somewhat like squares in an old battle --
dialog: You know what I mean -- so that when
dialog: one come close, the man nearest would
text: yell and shout and pound the water
dialog: and sometimes it worked and the fish
dialog: turned away, but other times that
dialog: shark would seem to look right at a
text: man -- right into his eyes -- and in
dialog: spite of all shoutin' and poundin'
dialog: you'd hear that terrible high
dialog: screamin' and the ocean would go
text: red, then churn up as they ripped
dialog: him. Then we'd reform our little
text: squares. By the first dawn the sharks
dialog: had taken more than a hundred. Hard
dialog: for me to count but more than a
dialog: hundred. I don't know how many sharks.
dialog: Maybe a thousand. I do know they
dialog: averaged six men an hour. All kinds --
dialog: blues, makos, tigers. All kinds.
dialog: (Pause)
text: In the middle of the second day,
dialog: some of us started to go crazy from
text: the thirst. One fella cried out he
dialog: saw a river, another claimed he saw
text: a waterfall, some started to drink
text: the ocean and choked on it, and some
dialog: left our little groups -- our little
dialog: squares -- and swam off alone lookin'
dialog: for islands and the sharks always
dialog: took them right away. It was mainly
dialog: the young fellas that did that --
dialog: the older ones stayed where they
dialog: was. That second day -- my life jacket
dialog: rubbed me raw and that was more blood
dialog: in the water. Oh my. On Thursday
dialog: morning I bumped up against a friend
dialog: of mine -- Herbie Robinson from
dialog: Cleveland -- a bosun's mate -- it
dialog: seemed he was asleep but when I
text: reached over to waken him, he bobbed
text: in the water and I saw his body upend
dialog: because he'd been bitten in half
dialog: beneath the waist. Well Chief, so it
text: went on -- bombers high overhead but
dialog: nobody noticin' us. Yes -- suicides,
dialog: sharks, and all this goin' crazy and
dialog: dyin' of thirst. Noon the fifth day,
text: Mr. Hooper, a Lockheed Ventura swung
dialog: around and came in low. Yes. He did
dialog: that. Yes, that pilot saw us. And
dialog: early evenin', a big fat PBY come
text: down out of the sky and began the
dialog: pickup. That was when I was most
dialog: frightened of all -- while I was
dialog: waitin' for my turn. Just two and a
dialog: half hours short of five days and
dialog: five nights when they got to me and
dialog: took me up. Eleven hundred of us
dialog: went into that ocean -- three hundred
dialog: and sixteen got out. Yeah. Nineteen
dialog: hundred and forty five. June the
dialog: 29th.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Anyway, we delivered the bomb.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT
text: Quint has just finished his story, and we are looking across
text: the quiet night sea to the Orca slowly circling in the night,
text: the warm light in the pilot house barely revealing the figures
text: of the three men inside, the red and green running lights
text: winking along the ship's flanks. We hear the distant boom
text: and drawn-out hoot of a whale.
scene_heading: INT. ORCA PILOT HOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What the hell?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: It's a whale out there.
text: There's a brief, eerie pause. Quint breaks the silence by
text: muttering into song, which he slowly swells.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Show me the way to go home... I'm
dialog: tired and I want to go to bed. I had
dialog: a little drink about an hour ago,
dialog: and it went right to my head.
dialog: (etc.)
text: Gradually, Hooper and Brody join in, and the pilothouse
text: becomes a warm cozy place.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN
text: The Orca and its song in the night. In the foreground, the
text: barrel and strobe light flash up into view, and behind them,
text: the big dorsal fin surfaces, and glides ominously towards
dialog: the ship.
scene_heading: INT. PILOT HOUSE
text: The song is continuing, and we hear the barest hint of a
text: scraping sound from the hull deep beneath the men. Quint's
text: eyes abruptly narrow as his sensitive ears are the first to
text: hear the abrasion of his ship. Things vibrate on the shelves.
text: Quint stops singing, Hooper and Brody continue a duet. The
text: scraping repeats, and Hooper now senses it. He drops out of
text: the song, leaving Brody singing solo.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (quietly, to Hooper)
dialog: Start the engines.
text: As Brody hears this and is about to stop singing, the boat
text: is suddenly bumped from below, and the gentle scraping turns
text: to a violent assault somewhere on the understructure of the
text: vessel. Water bubbles up into the hold. Brody starts, and
text: looks at the radio. He is about to move towards it when
text: Quint's urgent instructions stop him.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: He's busting the shaft! Start the
dialog: pump!
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Where...?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: The bilge pumps. There --
text: He leaves Brody in the pilot house, and runs onto the deck,
text: grabbing his M-1 rifle as he goes. Brody hits a switch and
text: we hear the pumps starting.
text: ANGLE ON THE ORCA
text: Hooper is on the flybridge, starting the engines, but the
text: diesels sound wrong.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Cut the engines!
dialog: Hooper does.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Rudder bearings?
text: The boat is assaulted again. Quint fires over the stern,
text: emptying a clip into the water.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: Get up forward! Watch for him!
text: Brody moves cautiously up to the bow.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Keep your eyes open, Mr. Hooper!
text: Hooper stands ready on the bridge, Quint pacing the stern
dialog: deck.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Nobody sleeps! Nobody.
text: He jams a fresh clip into the M-1. The men scan the seas
text: around them. Quint resumes their song, louder this time,
text: more defiant.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Show me the way to go home... I'm
dialog: tired and I want to go to bed.
dialog: (etc.)
text: Hooper and Brody join in from their respective positions.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN, WIDE ON THE ORCA
text: The men in place, singing, the water sparkling towards the
text: horizon, the stars twinkling above. The sound of a distant
text: whale in distant counterpoint.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ORCA - DAWN
text: Brody is at the wheel on the flying bridge, while Hooper and
text: Quint have a hatch up on the stern, and are working together
text: to repair the damaged rudder controls torn loose by the shark.
text: Hooper is bucking the steel rod, while Quint is hammering
text: away at the joint, trying to drive a new pin.
text: The engine is idling. Bits of iron clutter the deck, along
text: with a few rough, outsized tools and greasy rags and gaskets.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: More left rudder! More! Left hand
dialog: down now, Chief.
text: Brody tries to comply.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (shifting his grip)
dialog: Lemme get a better angle on it. Now.
text: Quint hammers again.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: He's bent the housing. You can hear
dialog: it.
text: And we can. The Orca's diesels are no longer smooth. Brody
text: suddenly sees something, and points.
scene_heading: BRODY'S POINT OF VIEW - THE WATER
text: The barrel is surfaced directly ahead of them, just off the
text: port side. They are drifting up to it.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: The barrel!
text: The strobe light winks at them. Quint holds up a hand:
dialog: "Quiet!"
text: Everything stops as they watch the barrel coming slowly up
text: on them.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: It's him.
text: He takes a killing lance from the rack. Hooper gets a
dialog: boathook.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: He's under the keg. Careful --
text: Hooper leans out gingerly, snagging the barrel with the hook.
text: It bobs lightly in the water, an innocent bystander. Hooper
text: shifts his pole, takes hold of the rope, poling it in.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Easy -- just want to goose him up.
dialog: The minute he runs, drop it or you'll
dialog: lose your hands.
text: Hooper gets the line and starts hauling it up. No resistance.
text: It comes easily over the transom into a coil on the deck.
text: He and Quint exchange looks.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Here -- gimme. I don't see what he's
dialog: been doin'.
speaker_heading: WATER - ANGLE
text: Both men are draped over the side, their chins almost touching
text: the water on the aft side. From the opposite starboard
text: direction, fully unfastened from the barrel, comes the Great
text: White. First the fin, then the conical nose and the upper
text: border of wide, grinning teeth. It knifes through the water
text: in absolute silence, propelling itself with tremendous speed
text: toward the unsuspecting men.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - BRODY
text: His instincts shine -- as does his newly-acquired sense of
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (top of his lungs)
dialog: Shark! Starboard!
scene_heading: CLOSE - HOOPER AND QUINT
text: They turn just in time, and a long spine-stretch saves them
text: from instant decapitation. The Great White passes the transom,
text: the harpoon still in its side and trailing five feet of chewed-
text: off cable. It rolls on its side and looks at them as it
dialog: passes.
text: Past the stern the huge tail lashes out, ripping the rope
text: out of Quint's hands, shearing a huge swath through the paint,
text: peeling it off like a plane, taking one of the bronze letters
text: out of "Orca." The shark begins an arc to sea, its fin cutting
text: the water, and starts circling the boat. Quint notices his
text: cut hand, palm bleeding, realizing how close he came to losing
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: Haul in that rope -- it'll foul us!
dialog: (then to Brody on the
dialog: bridge)
dialog: Start the engine!
text: The diesels start with a terrible grinding.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Easy! It'll tear right out!
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (hauling)
text: The shaft is giving.
text: Hooper slams the hatch, kicks the tools to one side, clearing
text: the deck for action once again.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (on bridge)
dialog: That's it! Radio in for help!
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Shut up! Just pump her out!
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (coming down off the
dialog: bridge)
dialog: Yeah, Captain, as soon as I make a
dialog: call.
text: Brody heads for the radio in the pilot house.
speaker_heading: QUINT - CLOSE
text: A perfectly terrible look comes over him. He raises up and
text: starts after Brody. Brody disappears into the cabin. Quint
text: pauses outside and sees:
scene_heading: INSERT - QUINT'S LEAD-CENTERED BASEBALL BAT
text: his calloused hand grabs it up fiercely.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO SHACK
text: Brody picks up the radio, flicking on knobs and lights on
text: the complex console.
speaker_heading: QUINT (O.S.)
dialog: Beg your pardon --
scene_heading: ANGLE - DOORWAY
text: Quint appears, silhouetted in the hot light of the door,
text: raising his bat.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Duty first and pleasure after --
speaker_heading: CLOSE - BRODY
text: looking up in horror, covering his face.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - QUINT
text: Quint brings down the bat with all the strength he can summon.
dialog: Crash!
text: Sparks fly, lights blink and go out, plastic and sections of
text: metal ricochet all over the cabin as Quint demolishes the
text: ship-to-shore radio.
text: Quint takes a happy breath, winks at Brody and hands him the
dialog: bat.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Excuse me!
text: Brody's adrenaline turns his fear into rage. His glasses are
text: cracked or broken by flying pieces of radio. He seizes the
text: bat, and pound the shattered radio for emphasis.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Some great idea! Now where are we?
dialog: Some goddamn skipper you are. You're
dialog: certifiable, y'know that? You're a
dialog: real treat! Certifiable! Bananas!
text: His tirade is interrupted by an urgent bellow from Hooper.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HOOPER
text: Pointing at the fin.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Coming right to us!
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: No -- comin' right at us! Slow ahead,
dialog: he'll hit us head on --
dialog: (the engine clanks)
dialog: Slower! Throttle back ---
scene_heading: ANGLE - OVER THE BOW
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (raising harpoon)
dialog: Hard to port!
text: Hooper pulls the boat into a tight turn and Quint has a shot
text: at the upward rolling flank. He sinks it with careful
dialog: precision.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Try shakin' that out!
text: Brody emerges from the cabin as the rope zips overboard, and
text: the barrel, changing over, catapults into the air before
text: plunging into the ocean in a cloudy splash.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (shouting to Quint)
dialog: Did you get him in the head?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: No! No! No!
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: Swing around! After him!
text: ON THE FLYBRIDGE
text: Hooper can see the fin racing ahead of the barrel. Diving
text: down. Up again -- Quint prepares another iron. Brody is
text: digging in his bag. He comes up with his 2" .357 service
dialog: revolver.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: More gas... go to half! Get me right
dialog: alongside him --
text: The engine thuds and knocks.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (shouting down)
dialog: We can't rev it up this high --
text: Suddenly the barrel gongs into the side of the Orca.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Watch it!
text: Hooper skillfully avoids the speeding rope.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Atta boy!
text: Quint leans to one side, harpoon over his head. The Great
dialog: White breaks water and...
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Take two, they're small!
text: He sinks it deep. We hear shots. As the new rope whips out,
text: Brody can be seen standing on the gunwale, in regulation
text: police combat pistol stance, holding his .357 in both hands,
text: firing at the shark's head.
text: Quint shakes his head in amused disbelief at this, as the
text: barrel goes over.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (shouting at Brody)
dialog: Don't shoot him any more! He's crazy
dialog: on his own blood already!
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I can't stand here doing nothing!
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Order in the court!
scene_heading: WATER LEVEL ANGLE
text: He has seen the two barrels pop to the surface.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (racing over)
dialog: Three'll do it! He's havin' trouble
dialog: with two!
text: He yells to Hooper and Brody as he swings behind the controls.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Grab yourselves a couple of poles!
text: Quint steers "Slow Ahead," engine protesting, as he maneuvers
text: toward the moving barrels. Quint peers down, steering closer
dialog: and closer.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Get ready! Now snag 'em!
text: Together Brody and Hooper hook a barrel-rope and hold on for
text: dear life as the shark changes course.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Pull in the ropes and tie 'em onto
dialog: the transom -- free ride.
text: Brody and Hooper pull in with all they are worth as Quint
text: helps out by wheeling in a circle. He laughs to himself,
text: enjoying the spectacle.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HOOPER
text: securing the rope to a cleat but allowing the barrel to hang
text: overboard. Brody ties his now-perfect bowline adjacent cleat.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE - ORCA
text: The boat is jarred violently from side to side as the
text: underwater force of the Great White jerks and heaves them to
text: and fro, up and down, side to side...
scene_heading: ANGLE - HOOPER AND BRODY
text: are both torn off their feet as the boat is thrust forward.
scene_heading: FLYBRIDGE - QUINT
text: sees the fin ahead. It is pulling the boat.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Get tired! That's the idea! Here's a
dialog: little reverse for you!
text: The shark leaps partially out of the water, and the sight is
text: both horrifying and awesome. Its jaws break water, snapping
text: at the ropes that have him snarled and frustrated.
text: Quint throws the Orca into neutral and shouts down:
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Haul in -- watch the prop!
text: With that, Quint slides down to the prow, putting another
text: shaft onto his gun, finding satisfaction in its heft and
text: balance. The shark can be seen directly ahead, threshing
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Now! Untie 'em! Quick! He'll tear us
dialog: to pieces.
text: He fires the iron, and the shark veers downward in a gushing
text: shower of spray.
scene_heading: HOOPER AND BRODY
text: They are trying to untie from the cleats, but both ropes are
text: stretched too taut. They jump out of the way, falling flat
text: on the deck as the ropes sweep over them, knocking over
text: objects, skeetering across the deck. A tight jerking motion,
text: and the Orca is dragged through the water -- backwards. And
text: much too fast. Water is splashing up over the transom in its
text: backward wake. The engines groan and complain.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Damn head is too far away. He's too
dialog: big.
text: Wrenched to one side, Quint is knocked from his feet.
scene_heading: CLOSE - THE TWO CLEATS
text: A moment of slackness, and then a great surge of raw strength.
text: The rope snaps the cleats off, screws and splintered wood
text: spraying -- and the barrels fly over the water. They disappear
text: beneath the turbulent grey surface.
text: The three men, breathing heavily, bruised and pouring sweat,
text: look out at the blank water.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - OCEAN
dialog: Pop -- pop -- pop. One, two, three, the barrels surface --
dialog: ready for more.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (amazed at the shark's
dialog: strength)
dialog: He can't go so deep. Not with all
text: those on him.
text: Brody looks down at his feet. There is salt water up to their
dialog: shoe tops.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What about us?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (mentally assessing
dialog: the damage)
dialog: Have to pump her steady, s'all.
text: The barrels start a wide circle, each cuts through the water,
text: pushing a wave before it and leaving a wake behind.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: Follow him --
dialog: (to Brody)
dialog: You start pumpin' out here.
text: Quint tosses Brody the hand pump, then picks up his M-1, and
dialog: checks the load.
speaker_heading: HOOPER (O.S.)
dialog: (on bridge)
dialog: He's heading under -- !
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: No way! He can't!
speaker_heading: ANGLE - OCEAN
text: The barrels approaching the Orca dip below the surface, one --
dialog: two -- three.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Where'd he go?
text: Brody looks around. Hooper on the flying bridge searching in
text: all directions. Quint is looking more appalled every second.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (helplessly)
dialog: He can't stay down with three barrels
dialog: on him! Where is he?!
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Have you ever had one do this?
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (and he means this)
dialog: No!
text: Booming thud at the keel. Brody slides on the wet deck and
text: Quint loses his footing, falling into Brody's arms.
text: WITH HOOPER ON THE FLY BRIDGE
text: It seems the only place out of reach of the shark. Quint
text: climbs up, Brody following him, reloading his pistol.
text: Just then, the barrels pop up ahead, veer left, and duck
dialog: under.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Follow him!
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: He's under!
text: BRODY AND HIS POINT OF VIEW
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: There!
dialog: (points wildly)
text: The barrels have surfaced and we see the monster shadow
text: sliding under the Orca, seemingly endless. Violent scraping
dialog: sounds.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: He's trying to sink us!
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (to Hooper)
dialog: Dead astern! Zig-zag!
text: Quint is grimly silent. Brody senses that Quint is in the
dialog: fight of (and for) his life.
text: The Orca taking evasive action. But the three barrels are
text: closing the gap, the engines coughing and missing, destroying
text: themselves with every rotation of the damaged shaft.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: He's chasing us! I
dialog: don't believe it.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Full throttle! To port!
text: ANGLE ON THE BRIDGE
text: Hooper is jamming the throttle forward, but the engine is
text: pounding and knocking wildly. The barrels circle and move
text: in. Quint has his rifle ready.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (suddenly giving Quint
dialog: the wheel)
dialog: Hold her.
text: He leaps to his gear, trying desperately to get his dart
dialog: gun.
text: Just then, the shark attacks, breaking water and rising over
text: the boat like a rocket; snout, jaws, pectoral fins, belly,
text: falling sideways. A vast spray drenches the men. Quint fires
text: into the belly, the bullets pocking the smooth whiteness.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (loading)
dialog: Keep him there! Keep him!
text: The Orca shudders from side to side. From Hooper's point of
text: view we can the shark gripping the transom in his jaws,
text: shaking the boat as he saws his massive head from side to
text: side, trying to tear a chunk out of the very hull. Quint has
text: reloaded and is firing into the fish. Brody has a wicked
text: pointed gaff, and is swinging wildly at the snout, gashing
text: and gouging it, trying for the eyes. The killing lust is on
dialog: all three men.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Throttling back!
text: The boat surges, the shark gives a final unbalances wrench,
text: and disengages. The dorsal fin circles off, beginning a wide
text: loop around the boat.
text: The engine quivers and dies, the boat without power, rolling
text: half awash, a wounded victim.
text: The fin dips, the barrels follow, the shark disappears beneath
text: the waves. There is complete silence.
text: THE THREE MEN ON DECK
text: In the dead quiet, we can hear the lap of waves against the
text: hull, the hoarse panting breathing of the men, the pings and
text: pops of the cooling, dying engines.
scene_heading: QUINT AND THE TRANSOM
text: He eyes the stern. Huge cracks and broken timber testify to
text: the fury of the attack.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (very quietly, to
dialog: Hooper)
dialog: What can that gun of yours do?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Power head with 20 ccs of strychnine
dialog: nitrate. If I can hit him. I can
dialog: kill him. But I gotta be close.
dialog: Very close.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (the awful realization)
dialog: You gotta go in the water...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ON DECK, LATER
text: Quint and Hooper are assembling the shark cage, its shiny
text: bars the only undamaged things on deck. Brody is working
text: too, bolting the sections together.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: (in command now)
text: Rig the cable to the roof eyebolts.
text: The men are speaking in near whispers, quiet in the silence
text: that surrounds them. Hooper is in his wet suit, adjusting
text: weights, mask, tanks, etc. The cage is standing in the stern.
text: Quint runs a line from the gin pole to the roof section.
text: Hooper climbs in though the top.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Take me up.
text: Brody cranks the winch, hoisting cage and Hooper into the
text: air. Quint balances the gin pole lines, Hooper crouching in
text: the cage, examining it for stresses; satisfied, he holds out
text: his hand. Quint puts the spear gun into it.
text: CLOSE ON HOOPER IN THE CAGE
text: He examines his weapon, checking the power load, with the
text: big wicked-looking syringe head uncapped to reveal its razor
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Lower away, Chief.
dialog: (then, to Quint)
dialog: Try and keep him off me till I'm
dialog: under.
text: Hooper inside, looking out the bars of the cage, gives Brody
text: a reassuring smile, then pops his mouthpiece between his
text: teeth and checks his regulator. Brody steps back, and with
text: Quint guiding the cage, begins lowering it off the gin pole
text: boom arm into the sea alongside the boat.
text: Brody and Hooper stare at each another as their faces pass,
text: Hooper sliding down into the cold grey ocean.
text: As Hooper disappears beneath the surface, Quint and Brody
text: exchange a long look between them.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - CAGE
scene_heading: HOOPER'S POINT OF VIEW
text: Submerging. The sky, horizon, water line, clean fresh sea
text: air then... the magnificent innerspaces, with bubbles
text: sparkling in front of us.
scene_heading: ANGLE - HOOPER IN THE CAGE
text: as he floats to twenty feet Hooper never stops looking around
text: 360 degrees. He removes the rubber guard from the needle and
dialog: waits.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SURFACE - BRODY AND QUINT
text: Their turning heads tell us that the barrels are still
text: circling.
text: Suddenly, both heads stop turning.
speaker_heading: THE SEA
text: The barrels have come to a stop. Delicately, they change
text: course and meander toward the lowered cage.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - HOOPER
text: His back is to us. He is just now completing a visual sweep
text: and turns, eyes front into closeup and: fixes wildly on
dialog: something monstrous... and fascinating.
scene_heading: HOOPER'S POINT OF VIEW
text: The water is clear and shafts of sunlight streak downward in
text: the blue. From the deep gloom -- diving slowly, smoothly --
text: comes the shark. It moves with no apparent effort, sinuous
text: beyond comparison. As it nears the cage, it turns, and its
text: ghastly length passes right in front of him: first the snout,
text: then the jaw, slack and smiling, then the black eye.
text: Hooper tentatively reaches out. It is too far for the
text: strychnine pole. The vinyl flesh is pocked with bullet holes,
text: iron scars, gaffing hooks and strange open wounds that tinge
text: the passing currents with pink.
speaker_heading: SURFACE
text: The trailing barrels gong and scratch the keel of the Orca
text: above. Brody and Quint leap back.
speaker_heading: HOOPER - CLOSE
text: The shark has vanished into a cloud of rising silt. Hooper,
dialog: expecting the shark to attack out of that same general
text: direction, braces himself, pole extended through the bars,
text: breathing faster, straining his eyes into the gloom and...
text: we see that the shark attacking from behind him.
text: The cage is sent careening. Hooper grabs the bars for dear
text: life. The shark has grabbed the steel struts in its brutal
text: jaws, shaking the cage relentlessly from side to side, bending
text: the bars like clothes hangers. Hooper can't turn the pointed
text: end of the pole around, his body jammed as far away from the
dialog: non-rational attacker as possible.
text: Hooper is trapped.
text: The shark withdraws to get some running room then charges
text: again. The bleeding snout thrust deeper into the yawing bars,
text: the jaws snapping and twisting, two feet from Hooper's torso,
text: the tail thrusting it forward. Hooper drops the strychnine
text: pole between the bars and it tumbles slowly toward rapture
dialog: depth.
dialog: All the shark needs is one more good thrust before separating
text: Hooper at the waistline. Through frantic bubbles Hooper
text: fumbles with the overhead hatch cover, kicking up and out of
text: the cage. The shark backpedals with its tail, but the broad
text: head won't shake loose.
text: Hooper rushes downwards, after the strychnine pole.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SHARK
text: The shark twists free of the cage and arrows downward after
dialog: Hooper.
text: Hooper nearly recovers the pole. Again it slips from his
text: frightened grasp and this time disappears into a narrow abyss.
text: Hooper turns and looks up.
text: The Great White is lunging at him, twenty feet above.
speaker_heading: SURFACE
text: One of the barrel ropes snakes around the cage rope and pulls
dialog: taut.
speaker_heading: HOOPER - DEEP
text: Turning to meet the monster which -- though held back for a
text: moment by the snarled rope -- now surges forward.
scene_heading: SURFACE - BRODY AND QUINT
text: The Orca is listing dangerously aft, the ginpole bent almost
text: to the breaking point. Brody is in a frenzy trying to haul
text: up the cage. Quint attaches the end of Brody's rope to a
text: hand-winch. The ginpole is splitting.
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: Let go of it!
text: The pole gives way, the rope whipping down on the gunwale...
text: the pulling of the tonnage below is tipping the Orca, dragging
text: it, but Quint won't give up the winch. Brody hauls on the
text: rope barehanded.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - HOOPER
text: maneuvering downward, away from the jaws... Suddenly the
text: crazed shark veers upward for the surface.
scene_heading: SURFACE - QUINT
text: The winch is working faster now, Quint demonically winding
text: it in. The crushed cage bangs against the hull then breaks
dialog: water.
text: Brody is horrified. The cage is empty!
speaker_heading: QUINT
dialog: (a horrible scream)
dialog: He's comin' up -- !
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: He's taken him!
speaker_heading: MASTER ANGLE
text: The shark breaks water right beside the Orca, rising with a
text: great whooshing noise. It rises vertically, towering overhead,
text: blocking out the sun. The pectoral fins seem to reach forward.
text: The shark, in all of its monstrous glory, falls onto the
text: stern of the boat with a shattering crash, narrowly missing
text: Quint and Brody. It drives the stern underwater, the ocean
text: pours in over the transom. The jaws snap from side to side.
text: Brody flounders backwards away from it.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - BRODY
text: He is clinging to the mast for dear life, as the ship begins
text: to tilt to stern, and everything starts to break loose around
dialog: him.
scene_heading: NIGHTMARE ANGLE - DECK OF THE ORCA
text: The giant jaws are snapping irresistibly at everything: great
text: chunks of wood torn out of the deck and superstructure.
text: Deck chair, irons, rope, gear, beercans, bottles, Brody's
text: bag, all are food for the insatiable maw blindly churning
dialog: away.
text: Quint is clinging next to a rack of lances: he is enraged at
text: this ultimate violation of his territory. He snatches up a
text: lance and hurls himself at the shark with a wordless bellow.
text: The great head weaves side to side, the deck is at a
text: treacherous incline, slippery with blood and seawater. Quint's
text: footing falters and slips, he stumbles at the Mouth of Hell,
text: the big teeth seize him and snap.
text: Quint's roar of rage and pain is choked off as his body is
text: clamped between the grinding, sawing teeth, and his head and
text: legs suddenly contort as the shark's teeth meet across his
text: torso. Blood gushes onto the deck. The remnants of his body
text: tumble from the shark's mouth.
text: Brody sees the horror, hears the screams -- in his
text: desperation, he tears loose one of Hooper's remaining air
text: tanks, and hurls it at the monster. It tumbles into the bloody
text: well, wedging across the back of the mouth, the thick steel
text: blocking the cruel jaws.
text: The shark's head shakes even more violently, trying to clear
text: the cold iron, but the tank is in to stay.
scene_heading: DECK OF THE ORCA, LISTING BADLY
text: To avoid sliding into the jaws, Brody scrambles on the titling
text: deck, bracing himself in the cabin door to avoid pitching
text: down into the bloody mouth. He fights his way into the cabin,
text: already a shambles.
text: Below him, on the deck, the shark lunges again, shifting
text: weight so that the boat in now stern down, and listing to
text: the side. Water from the sea pours into the cabin.
text: Another lunge by the shark. The huge snout and jaws slam up
text: against the doorframe, blocking escape, bloody, gnashing.
dialog: More seawater. To stay in the cabin is to go down with the
dialog: ship.
text: Brody clambers as far from the shark as he can, against the
text: forward wall of the pilothouse. He sees the window Hooper
text: used before. It's blocked by barrels and debris. He breaks
text: the side window highest above the water, edges out onto the
text: battered bridge.
text: The shark rolls around, now half in the water. The ship is
text: sinking, the sea is not a viable alternative. Brody climbs
text: up into the flying bridge.
text: The shark is still lunging and snapping. Brody is forced to
text: climb higher and higher as the ship slowly sinks beneath
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - BRODY
text: He scrambles for his life onto the flying bridge, sees the M-
text: 1 stuck there, seizes it.
text: OVER BRODY, LOOKING DOWN AT THE STERN
text: He is bracing himself, aiming the rifle, taking a bead on
text: the steel tanks, silver gleaming in the bloody shark's mouth.
text: He fires. And fires. Bullets shatter the shark's teeth,
text: punching holes in the dripping snout.
scene_heading: WIDE ON THE ORCA – EXPLOSION
text: With a muffled boom, the perfect symmetry of the shark is
text: suddenly blown apart in a geyser of steel and blood as Brody's
text: shot hits the pressurized tank. A 30-foot cloud of water,
text: steel, shark and debris covers the sky.
text: A gigantic convulsion hurls the Great White's mangled body
text: into the sea. The Orca slowly begins to turn over in its
dialog: death roll.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: The shark's carcass floating down in a cloud of blood and
dialog: debris.
text: A shadow clouds the waters, and the Orca's mass begins to
text: slip into the frame.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HOOPER
text: Emerging from beneath the surface, he raises his mask, spits
text: out his mouthpiece and kicks toward Brody.
scene_heading: SURFACE - BRODY AND HOOPER
text: Brody is holding onto a cushion, barely afloat, relieved the
text: shark is dead, yet stunned to see Hooper is still alive. The
text: two men share weak laughter, which soon trails off.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Quint...?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: No...
dialog: (notices something
speaker_heading: O.S.)
dialog: You think we can get back with those?
scene_heading: SURFACE - BRODY AND HOOPER - ANOTHER ANGLE
text: They swim through the debris, using two barrels as floats,
text: as dozens of seagulls feast on shark remains on the surface.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: What day is this?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Wednesday... No, it's Tuesday, I
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Think the tide's with us?
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Just keep kicking.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Y'know, I used to hate the water...
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I can't imagine why.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: HIGH SHOT FROM SHORE
text: The two tiny, miserable heroes swim ashore as the credits
dialog: roll.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
