text: JAY AND SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Kevin Smith
dialog: 
scene_heading: OVER BLACK WE SEE:
speaker_heading: CHYRON
text: A long time ago, in front of a convenience store far, far
dialog: away--
scene_heading: EXT. QUICK STOP YEARS AGO--DAY
text: We FADE IN on the block of stores (Quick Stop/RST), from
text: sometime ago, In fact, RST isn't RST; it's THE RECORD RACK --
text: a 45's store with head shop paraphernalia in the window. A
text: white-trash MOTHER (maybe seventeen) wearing a baseball cap
text: comes into frame carrying a chubby BABY. The Baby wears an
text: oversized t-shirt under what looks like a little bathrobe,
text: and messily eats a CHOCOLATE BAR. There are food stamps in
dialog: the Mother's hands.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Bobby-Boy stay here while mommy picks
dialog: up the free cheese, 'kay?
text: She looks up at the bright sun, shielding her eyes slightly,
text: then looks back at the baby on the ground. She takes off her
text: baseball cap and places it on the baby.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This'll keep the sun out of your
dialog: eyes. You be good now.
text: She walks away, leaving the baby sitting against the wall.
text: With the backwards baseball cap and the chocolate around his
text: mouth forming something that resembles a beard, the kid looks
text: kind of familiar.
text: Then, another MOTHER (also very young) decked out in a KISS
text: concert shirt from years gone by and huge, feathered hair
text: enters, with a black skullcap wearing BABY slung at her hip.
text: She sees the first Baby, sitting against the wall and sets
text: her Baby down beside him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't fucking move, you little shit-
dialog: machine. Mommy's gonna try to score.
text: A PASSERBY enters, heading toward the convenience store. He
text: takes note of the Babies and the Mother heading into the
text: record store, and then stops and addresses her, disgusted.
speaker_heading: PASSERBY
dialog: Excuse me--who's watching these
dialog: babies?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The fat one's watching the little
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: PASSERBY
dialog: Oh, nice parenting.
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: Leave'em out here like that and see
dialog: what happens.
text: The Passerby walks away. The Mother flips him the bird.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: FUCK YOU, YOU FUCKING SQUARE!
speaker_heading: PASSERBY
dialog: (waving her off)
dialog: Ah, keep on truckin'.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (to baby)
dialog: D'jou hear the crazy fuck tellin' me
dialog: how to fuckin' raise you?
dialog: Motherfucker, man! Who's he fucking
dialog: think he is? What's the worse fuckin'
dialog: thing could happen to you sitting
dialog: outside the fuckin' stores? Fuck!
text: The door closes, and the Babies sit there quietly for a beat.
text: Then, they look at each other. The larger one says nothing.
dialog: The smaller one says--
speaker_heading: BABY
dialog: Fuck, fuck, fuck...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: THE PRESENT
text: JAY and SILENT BOB stand where the Babies sat. The Record
text: Rack is now RST VIDEO.
text: Jay is mid-chant.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (as a chant)
dialog: --fuck, fuck, fuck, mother-mother
dialog: fuck, mother-mother fuck-fuck! Mother-
dialog: fuck-, mother-fuck, mother-fuck,
dialog: noinch, noinch, noinch, smoking weed,
dialog: smoking weed, doing coke, drinking
dialog: beers! Drinking beers, beers, beers,
dialog: rolling fatties, smoking blunts! Who
dialog: smokes the blunts? We smoke the
dialog: blunts!
text: A pair of TEENS approach them.
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
dialog: Lemme get a nickel bag.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Fifteen bucks, little man. Put the
dialog: money in my hand. If the money does
dialog: not show, then you owe-me-owe-me-
dialog: owe.
dialog: (changing up to Morris
dialog: Day)
dialog: My Jungle Love! Yes, Oh-we-oh-we-oh!
dialog: I think I want to know ya', know ya'--
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
dialog: (digging in pockets)
dialog: What the hell are you singing?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You don't know "Jungle Love"? That
dialog: shit is the mad notes. Written by
dialog: God Herself and handed down to the
dialog: world's greatest band--the
dialog: motherfucking Time.
speaker_heading: TEEN 2
dialog: The guys in that Prince movie?
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
dialog: Purple Rain.
speaker_heading: TEEN 2
dialog: Man, that shit was so gay--fucking
dialog: eighties style.
text: Jay suddenly grabs the kid by the throat, throwing him against
dialog: the wall.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Bitch, don't you NEVER say an unkind
dialog: word about The Time! Me and Silent
dialog: Bob modeled our whole fucking lives
dialog: after Morris Day and Jerome! I'm a
dialog: smooth pimp who loves the pussy, and
dialog: Tubby here's my black manservant!
text: Just then, RANDAL exits the video store, locking the door
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: What'd I tell you two about dealing
dialog: in front of the store? Drop the kid
dialog: and peddle your wares someplace else,
dialog: burn-boy.
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: And for the record, The Time sucked
dialog: ass.
text: He exits. Jay, Silent Bob, and the Teens watch him go. After
dialog: a beat--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo-youse guys wanna hear something
dialog: fucked up about him and the Quick
dialog: Stop guy?
scene_heading: INT. QUICK STOP-DAY
text: Randal joins Dante behind the counter. Dante rings up a
text: customer, a half-eaten submarine sandwich sitting on the
text: counter. Randal grabs it, takes a bite, and starts reading a
dialog: newspaper.
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: Hey, can't we do something about
dialog: those two stoners hanging around
dialog: outside all the time?
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Why? What'd they do now?
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: I'm trying to watch Clash of the
dialog: Titans, and all I can hear is the
dialog: two them screaming about Morris Day
text: at the top of their lungs.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: I thought the fat one didn't really
dialog: talk much.
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: What, am I producing an A&amp;E Biography
dialog: about 'em? I'm just saying they
dialog: shouldn't be loitering around the
dialog: stores like they do.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Neither should you, but we let you
dialog: stay.
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: See, man--if you were funnier than
dialog: that, ABC never would've canceled
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: Nothing.
text: Enter Teen 1 and Teen 2, chuckling.
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
text: Two packs of Wraps.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yo--how was the service?
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: What service?
speaker_heading: TEEN 2
dialog: The one at the Unitarian church where
dialog: you two got married to each other
dialog: last week.
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
dialog: Jay said you had a Star-Wars--themed
dialog: wedding and you guys tied the knot
text: dressed like storm troopers.
speaker_heading: TEEN 2
dialog: Yeah. And he said you're the bitch
dialog: and you're the butch. Oh, sorry--the
dialog: Leia and the Luke.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: I'm the bitch?!
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: Well if we were gay, that's how I'd
dialog: see it.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Would you shut up?!
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
speaker_heading: (to TEEN 2)
dialog: Holy shit, dude. The honeymoon's
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: We're not married to each other.
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
dialog: Well, sure. Not in the eyes of the
dialog: state or any real church, Skywalker.
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: (heading for the phone)
dialog: That does it. I'm gonna do something
dialog: about those two. I shoulda done a
dialog: long time ago
speaker_heading: TEEN 2
text: In a galaxy far, far away!
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
dialog: (exiting)
dialog: May the Foreskin be with you. Hand
dialog: Jabba the Hutt.
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah, I want to report a couple of
text: drug dealers out in front of the
dialog: Quick Stop.
scene_heading: EXT. QUICK STOP--DAY
text: Jay and Silent Bob are thrown against the wall outside by a
text: COP, who frisks them.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the Fuck, Serpico? What'd we
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: We got a report that two guys were
text: hanging around outside the stores,
dialog: selling pot?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We don't smoke pot, yo.
text: Teen 1 enters and hands Jay rolling papers.
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
dialog: Here're the rolling papers you wanted
dialog: for your pot. And your change. Thanks.
dialog: (getting in Jay's
dialog: face)
dialog: And The Time sucks ass!
text: Teen 1 races off. Jay and Bob move to follow, but the Cop
text: stops them, grabbing the rolling papers out of Jay's hand.
text: He eyeballs the pair.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: No pot, hunh? What do you need this
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What? I got a wiping problem. I
dialog: stick these little pieces of paper
dialog: over my brown-eye, and bam--no shit
dialog: stains in my undies.
dialog: (unbuttoning pants)
dialog: You don't believe me? Lemme show
dialog: you.
text: Jay drops his pants and leans against the wall, looking back
text: over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: Just spread my cheeks a little and
dialog: you can see the fucking stink nuggets--
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Pull up your pants up sir, Now!
text: Jay bends down to pull up his pants and FARTS. Silent Bob
text: cracks up. The Cop grabs them both, leading them toward the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Let's take a ride down to the station.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What? It's suddenly a crime to fart,
dialog: motherfucker?!
scene_heading: EXT. BRODIE BRUCE'S SECRET STASH COMIC BOOK STORE--DAY
text: An ESTABLISHING SHOT of Brodie's store in the heart of Red
dialog: Bank.
speaker_heading: BRODIE (O.S.)
dialog: No fucking way!
text: WE GO TIGHT on the huge, cartoon sign of BRODIE outside to--
scene_heading: INT. BRODIE BRUCE'S SECRET STASH COMIC BOOK STORE--LATER
text: BRODIE himself, holding a stack of comics in one hand and a
text: Dixie cup in the other, Jay and Silent Bob follow him as he
text: puts new books in the racks.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: Dante and Randal slapped you with a
dialog: restraining order?!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Judge said if we go within a hundred
dialog: feet of the stores, we get thrown
dialog: into County.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: So you gonna abide by the court's
dialog: ruling or you gonna go Bandit--
dialog: Reynolds style?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Fuck yeah! You know what they make
dialog: you do in county? Toss the fucking
dialog: salad! I don't like this fuck's
dialog: asshole; I'm gonna do it for some
dialog: stranger?
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: I guess if you really wanted to hang
text: out in from of a convenience store,
dialog: you could just buy your own now--
dialog: what with all that money you guys
dialog: made.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hell yeah, bitch.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Wait a second--what money?
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: The money from the movie, dumb-ass.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck are you babbling about?
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: (pulling a bagged-and-
dialog: boarded issue down
dialog: from the wall)
dialog: The Bluntman and Chronic movie.
dialog: (dawns on him)
dialog: Oh my God--don't tell me you have no
dialog: idea there's a movie being made of
dialog: the comic you two were the basis
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What?! Since when?
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: Goddamit, man--
dialog: (taps his wrist)
dialog: Here's the pulse, alright. And here's
dialog: your finger--
text: (shoves his hand down
dialog: the back of his pants)
text: --far from the pulse, jammed straight
dialog: up your ass.
dialog: (extracts hand and
dialog: extends it to Jay)
dialog: Say--would you like a chocolate
dialog: covered pretzel?
text: Brodie leads them back to the counter.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: You see, kids, if you read Wizard,
dialog: you'd know it's the top story this
dialog: month. Check it out.
text: Brodie hands Jay and Silent Bob a copy of Wizard, opened to
text: the headline: Snootchie Bootchies! Bluntman and Chronic Get
text: Big Screen Treatment! There are pictures of HOLDEN MCNEIL
text: AND BANKY EDWARDS, as well as drawings of Bluntman and
dialog: Chronic.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: When the fuck did this happen?!
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: Well, after X-Men hit at the box
dialog: office, all the studios started buying
dialog: up every comic property they could
dialog: get their hands on. Miramax optioned
dialog: Bluntman and Chronic.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Miramax? I thought they only made
dialog: classy flicks like The Piano and The
dialog: Crying Game?
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: Yeah, well once they made She's All
dialog: That, everything went to hell. So
dialog: you're saying you haven't gotten a
dialog: cut of the movie? Didn't Holden McNeil
dialog: and Banky Edwards used to pay you
dialog: likeness rights for the comic book?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We haven't seen a fucking dime for
dialog: no movie!
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: Well boys, I'm no lawyer, but I think
dialog: Holden and Banky owe you some of the
dialog: proverbial phat cash. I mean they're
dialog: making a movie based on characters
dialog: that are based on you and Quiet
dialog: Robert.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It ain't me and Quiet Robert. It's a
dialog: pair of stupid-ass superheroes that
dialog: run around saying "Snitchy-Nitchies"
dialog: or something.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
dialog: I believe it "Snootchie Boochies."
dialog: Regardless--you're getting screwed.
dialog: If I was you guys, I'd confront Holden
dialog: McNeil and ask him for my movie check.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Shit yeah. We gotsa get paid.
speaker_heading: BRODIE
text: And on that note, we cue the music.
text: Jay lays down a House bass beat. Brodie complements it with
text: his own beat.
scene_heading: EXT. POTZER'S INC--DAY
text: Jay and Silent Bob mosey past the front door of the building
dialog: and knock.
scene_heading: INT. POTZER'S INC--DAY
text: Holden McNeil, opens the door and smiles.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Well! I have been waiting years to
dialog: do this.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Look at these morose motherfuckers
dialog: right here. Smells like someone shit
dialog: in their cereal. Bunngg!
text: Jay and Silent Bob enter. Holden closes the door, following
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck took you so long
dialog: answering your damn door? You trying
dialog: to talk another girlfriend of yours
dialog: into some of that gay-ass three-way
dialog: action with your buddy?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: No, I was just showering your mother's
dialog: stink off me after I gave her a quick
dialog: jump and sent her home. But now that
dialog: you mention it--
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: Thanks, you know. You could've made
dialog: the moral of that story you told me
text: a bit more clear.
text: Silent Bob shrugs.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: So what brings you two dirt merchants
dialog: to my neck of the woods?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh, I'll tell you what our necks are
dialog: doing in your woods--
text: Silent Bob holds up the Wizard article.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Where's our motherfucking movie check?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: You heard about that too, Hunh? Well,
dialog: I've got nothing to do with it. That's
dialog: Banky's deal. He owns the property
dialog: now. I signed my half of the Bluntman
dialog: and Chronic right over to him years
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Why the fuck would you do a thing
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Because I'm almost thirty, for God's
dialog: sake--why on earth would I want to
dialog: keep writing about characters whose
dialog: central preoccupations are weed and
dialog: dick and fart jokes? You gotta grow,
dialog: man. Don't you ever want more for
dialog: yourself?
dialog: (off Silent Bob)
dialog: I know this poor, hapless sonovabitch
text: does. I look in his doe eyes and I
dialog: see a man crying out, "When, Lord?
dialog: When the fuck can your servant ditch
dialog: this foul-mouthed little chucklehead
dialog: to whom I am a constant victim of
dialog: his folly, and who bombards me and
dialog: those around us with grade-A
dialog: foolishness that prevents me from
dialog: even getting to kiss a girl? Fuck!
dialog: When?!
text: Silent Bob nod like he's finally understood. Jay looks at
text: him, hurt, and Bob tried to downplay the comment's truth.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'm the chucklehead? Fuck you--you're
dialog: the dumb-ass who gave away his comic,
dialog: and now you ain't got no fat movie
dialog: check neither.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: When you're right, you're right. I
dialog: wish I'd broken off a little piece
dialog: for myself. Because if the buzz is
dialog: any indication, the movie's gonna
dialog: make some huge bank.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What buzz?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: The Internet buzz.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck is the Internet?
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE OF POTZER'S INC--LATER
text: Holden's at a computer terminal. Jay and Silent bob look
text: over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: The Internet is a communication device
dialog: that allows people the world over to
dialog: bitch about movies and share
dialog: pornography with one another.
dialog: (off monitor)
dialog: Here's what we're looking for: "Movie
dialog: PoopShoot.com"
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: "PoopChute." Yeaaahhh.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: This is a site full of militant movie
dialog: buffs: sad bastards who live in their
text: parents' basements, downloading
dialog: scripts and trading what they believe
dialog: to be inside info about movies and
dialog: actors they despise yet can't stop
dialog: discussing. This is where you go if
dialog: you wanna hear frustrated would-be
dialog: filmmakers mouth off with their two-
dialog: bit, arm-chair-director's opinions
dialog: on how they all could've made a better
dialog: Episode One.
text: On the computer monitor, we see the site mainpage load up.
text: Holden begins navigating the site.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Here. This is about the Bluntman
dialog: movie.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Inside sources tell me Miramax is
dialog: starting production this Friday on
dialog: their adaptation of underground comic
dialog: fave Bluntman and Chronic."
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Friday?! Shit. Does it say who's
dialog: playing us in the movie?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: No, but if it's Miramax, I'm sure
dialog: it'll be Ben Affleck and Matt Damon.
dialog: They put'em in a bunch of movies.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: You know--the guys from Good Will
dialog: Hunting.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You mean the fucking movie with Mork
dialog: from Ork in it?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Yeah, I'm not too big a fan either.
dialog: Though Affleck was the bomb in
dialog: Phantoms.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Word, bitch. Phantoms like a
dialog: motherfucker.
text: Holden and Jay slap hands. Holden points at the monitor again.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Now down here is where you can gauge
dialog: the buzz. This is the Shoot Back
dialog: area. It's where people who read the
text: news get to chime in with their two
dialog: cents. Here's what a guy who goes by
dialog: the chick-magnet Net handle of "Wampa-
dialog: One" thinks about Bluntman and
dialog: Chronic.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Bluntman and Chronic and their stupid
dialog: alter egos Jay and Silent Bob only
dialog: work in small doses, if at all. They
dialog: don't deserve their own movie."
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: He's got a point.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Fuck him. What's the next one say?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Bluntman and Chronic is the worst
dialog: comic I ever read. Jay and Silent
dialog: Bob are stupid characters. A couple
dialog: of stoners who spout dumb-ass
text: catchphrases like a third-rate Cheech
dialog: and Chong or Bill and Ted. Fuck Jay
dialog: and Silent Bob. Fuck them up their
dialog: stupid asses."
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Who the fuck said that shit?!
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: A guy who calls himself "Magnolia-
dialog: Fan." Check out what the guy after
dialog: him said: "Jay and Silent Bob are
dialog: terrible, one-note jokes that only
dialog: stoners laugh at. They're fucking
dialog: clown shoes. If they were real, I'd
dialog: beat the shit out of them for being
dialog: so stupid. I can't believe Miramax
dialog: would have anything to so with this
dialog: shit. I, for one, will be boycotting
dialog: this movie. Who's with me?"
dialog: (leans back)
dialog: And then there are about fifty more
dialog: posts from people who agree to join
dialog: Spartacus-here's boycott of the flick.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: I'm gonna kill all these fucks--
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Ah, let it go. Number one, they're a
dialog: bunch of jealous little dicks who
dialog: use the anonymity of the Net to insult
dialog: people who're doing what they wish
dialog: they were doing, and number two,
dialog: they're not really talking about you
dialog: guys--they talking about Bluntman
dialog: and Chronic.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: But they said Jay and Silent Bob!
dialog: They used our real names. It doesn't
dialog: matter that there's a comic book
dialog: version of us and a real version,
dialog: 'cause nobody knows we're real in
dialog: real life.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah! And all these people who read
dialog: that shit think the real Jay and
text: Silent Bob are a couple of faggots
dialog: 'cause of that all these dicks are
dialog: writing about the comic book Jay and
dialog: Silent Bob! And maybe one night, me
dialog: and Lunchbox'll be macking some bitch,
dialog: and she'll be like "Oooo! I want to
dialog: suck youse guys dicks off. What's
dialog: your names?" And I'll be like, "Jay
dialog: and Silent Bob." And she'll be like,
dialog: "Oh--I read on the Internet that
dialog: youse guys were little fucking
dialog: jerkoffs." And then she goes and
dialog: sucks two other guys's dicks off
dialog: instead! Well fuck that! We gotta
dialog: put a stop to these hateful sonsa-
dialog: bitches before they ruin our good
dialog: names!
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: First off, I don't know how good
dialog: your names really are. Secondly,
dialog: there's not much you can do about
dialog: stopping this bile. The Internet's
dialog: given everyone in America a voice,
dialog: and everyone in American has chosen
dialog: to use that voice to bitch about
dialog: movies. As long as there's a Bluntman
dialog: and Chronic movie, the Net-nerds are
dialog: gonna have something negative to say
text: about it. Jay steams, thinking.
text: Then, a light dawns on him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: But wait a second--if there wasn't a
dialog: Bluntman and Chronic movie, then no
dialog: one would be saying shit about Jay
dialog: and Silent Bob, right?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: They're not saying anything about
dialog: you now--they're talking about
dialog: fictional characters!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (oblivious to Holden;
dialog: to Bob)
dialog: So all we gotta do is stop 'em from
dialog: making the movie!
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Yeah, and kiss-off the hundreds of
dialog: thousands of dollars in royalties
dialog: you're due in the process. Are you
dialog: fucking retarded? Look, I'm probably
dialog: not alone in the opinion that this
dialog: flick is the worst idea since Greedo
dialog: shooting first. I mean, a Jay and
dialog: Silent Bob movie? Who would pay to
dialog: see that?
text: Holden, Jay and Silent Bob pause and look at the camera for
dialog: a beat. Then--
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: But since it is happening, you might
dialog: as well just ignore the idiots on
dialog: the Internet, go find Banky, and get
dialog: your "motherfucking movie check." As
dialog: you so succinctly put it. That's
dialog: what's important here.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No, Holden McNeil--what's important
dialog: here is that there's a bunch of
dialog: motherfuckers we don't even know
dialog: calling us assholes on the Internet
text: to a bunch of teenagers and guys who
dialog: can't even get laid. Putting a stop
dialog: to that is the most important thing
dialog: we could ever do.
dialog: (off monitor)
dialog: When did it say they're making that
dialog: movie?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: They start this Friday.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: So if today's Tuesday, that gives us--
dialog: (counts)
dialog: Eight days.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: It's more like three days.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Right. Three days to stop that stupid
dialog: fucking movie from getting made!
dialog: C'mon, Silent Bob--
text: Jay and Bob stand and look at each other, filled with purpose.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We're going to Hollywood.
text: They stride off. Holden shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Now that's what I call the Blunt
dialog: leading the Blunt.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STATION--DAY
text: Jay and Silent Bob approach a bus that's labeled "Los
text: Angeles." They nod at each other and then climb aboard. After
text: a beat, they re-emerge.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Tickets? Since when did they start
dialog: charging for the bus?
text: They head toward the depot.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Didn't we used to ride that shit to
dialog: school every day for free?
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY--DAY
text: The bus roars past a sign that read: Leaving New Jersey.
scene_heading: INT. BUS--SAME
text: Jay makes his way up to the DRIVER.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We in Hollywood yet?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: It's a three--day ride to Los Angeles,
dialog: sir. We left twenty minutes ago.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I didn't ask you about Los Angeles.
dialog: I asked you about Hollywood.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hollywood's in Los Angeles, sir.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Don't change the subject! Are we in
dialog: Hollywood yet or not?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Please sit down, sir.
text: Jay glares at the Driver and heads back to his seat.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Why don't you take your seat Ralph
dialog: Kramden--
text: Jay slumps into the seat beside Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'm fucking bored, man. There ain't
dialog: shit to so on this bus.
text: Silent Bob mimes jerking off.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I already did that. Twice.
text: Silent Bob shrugs, looking out the window, Jay looks across
text: the aisle and spots a CHILD IN A HELMET playing a handheld
text: video game. He leans over to him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo, Gretzky--lemme get a turn.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: Leave me alone, little kid.
text: The Child gives him the finger. Jay goes wide-eyed, turning
dialog: to Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That fuck called me a little kid and
dialog: gave me the finger! Go kick his ass!
text: Silent Bob offers an incredulous look, as if to say, "He's
dialog: ten years old."
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You're my muscle, ain'tcha?
text: Silent Bob kind of nods.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: So go open a can of whup-ass on that
dialog: little fuck, and get me his game!
text: Silent Bob sighs and stands. He climbs over Jay into the
text: aisle and stands in front of the child. He looks at him and
text: registers doubt. He looks back to Jay, who waves him on.
text: Silent Bob steels himself, looks back to the kid and reaches
text: for his game. The Child emits a high-pitched scream and starts
text: punching himself in the head. Silent Bob dives back into his
text: seat, trying to look nonchalant. The Child stops crying. Jay
text: looks at Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You're one tough motherfucker, you
dialog: know that?
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY--DAY
text: The bus pulls over by the side of the road.
scene_heading: INT. BUS--DAY
text: The Bus Driver heads down the aisle toward the back of the
text: bus, followed by pissed-off PASSENGERS.
speaker_heading: PASSENGER
dialog: They been in there going on half an
dialog: hour now! Two of them! Doing God
dialog: knows what!
text: The Bus Driver bangs on the bathroom door and shouts.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: This bus isn't moving another inch
dialog: unless you clear out of there right
dialog: now!
text: No answer. The Bus Driver bangs on the door harder.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: DO YOU HEAR ME?! OPEN THIS DOOR!
dialog: NOW!!
text: The door handle turns, the door swings wide, and massive
text: amounts of smoke suddenly billow through the back of the
text: bus. The smoke clears to reveal Jay and Silent Bob squeezed
text: into the bathroom, holding a massive joint.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Um--I think something's burning back
dialog: here.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE--LATER
text: As the bus pulls away, Jay and Silent Bob are revealed, left
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: The whole fucking world's against
dialog: us, dude. I swear to God.
text: Silent Bob nods. Jay sticks out his thumb and starts hitching.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE--LATER
text: Jay and Bob are walking backwards, hitching still.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: This sucks balls, man. How come we
dialog: ain't getting no rides?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: 'Cause you're doing it all wrong.
text: Jay and Bob look behind them. There's a GUY hitching as well.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: You gotta induce the drivers a little.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Like how?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Like this.
text: The GUY holds out his sign to them. It reads: Will Give Head
dialog: For Ride.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah, but what happens when you get
dialog: in the car, and you don't make with
dialog: the head? Don't they kick your ass
dialog: to the curb?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Sure--if you don't make with the
dialog: head.
text: Jay and Bob look at him for a long beat. Then--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Eww! You eat the cock?!?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Yeah. If it'll get me a few hundred
dialog: miles across country. I'll take a
text: shot in the mouth.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah, but we ain't gay.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Well, neither am I. But have you
dialog: seen the price of bus tickets lately?
dialog: Shit--I don't wanna cough up two
dialog: hundred bucks just to get to Chicago.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Well, I don't wanna cough up some
dialog: dude's sperm!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Don't be so suburban--this is the
dialog: new millennium. Gay, straight--it's
dialog: all the same now. There're no more
dialog: lines.
text: Jay draws a line on the ground with his foot.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: There's one. On this side of it, we
dialog: ain't gay.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: All hitchers do this. Why do you
dialog: think people pick us up? If you get
dialog: a ride, it's expected--I don't care
dialog: who the driver is. It's the first
dialog: rule in the Book.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What book?
speaker_heading: GUY
text: The unwritten Book of the Road.
text: A TRUCK starts to pull over to the side of the road. The Guy
text: points to it, as if to say "See?" The passenger-side door
text: opens. The Guy climbs into the truck and closes the door. He
text: looks out the window at Jay and Bob.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Follow the rules of the Book, and
dialog: you'll get where you're going in no
dialog: time. Excuse me.
text: Through the windshield, Jay and Silent Bob see the Guy go
text: face-first into the TRUCK DRIVER'S lap. The Truck Drivers
text: smiles, and the truck takes off, roaring down the road.
text: Jay and Silent Bob watch the truck disappear. Then, a CAR
text: pulls up. The NUN driving rolls down the passenger side window
text: and leans toward them.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: You two boys need a ride?
scene_heading: INT. CAR--LATER
text: The NUN drives, smiling. Jay and Silent Bob sit in the back
text: seat, huddled close together, their eyes glued on the Nun.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: You both don't have to sit back there.
dialog: One of you can sit up here with me.
text: Silent Bob shakes his head "no" to Jay. Jay shrugs and climbs
text: up front.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: So where are you boys from?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: New Jersey.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: What brings you to Indiana?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We're going to Hollywood.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: Hollywood, hunh? That's a long ways
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah--we're lucky you picked us up.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: Well, do unto others. That's what
dialog: the Book says.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (misinterpreting
dialog: completely)
dialog: Wait a minute--you follow the Book,
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: I live my life by it.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Really? You?
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: Of course. You know how lonely it
dialog: gets on the road? Thanks to the Book,
dialog: I'm never alone--if you know what I
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I guess. This guy back there explained
dialog: it to us. But I didn't think you'd
dialog: be into that.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: Are you kidding? I've dedicated my
dialog: life to it. Every hour of every day.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Shit--you nuns are alright.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: You live by the Book, too?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You picked us up, didn't you? I gotta.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: That's good to hear. But it takes
dialog: deed, not words. It's a lot easier
dialog: to say you live by the Book than to
dialog: actually do it.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: Can you do it?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You want me to do it right now?
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: No time like the present, right?
text: Jay looks back at Silent Bob. Silent Bob shakes his head
text: "no." Jay shrugs them flips his hair over his shoulder, and
text: starts to bend down.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Alright.
dialog: (he suddenly stops)
dialog: You hear that? She's not a Catholic.
dialog: She's a Presbyterian.
text: Jay disappears below the dash, The Nun goes wide-eyed.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE--DAY
text: The Nun's car screeched to the side of the road. Jay gets
text: kicked our of the front seat by the screaming Nun. Silent
text: Bob rushes out too, and the car races off. Jay's wipes his
text: mouth. He pulls a long curly hair from between his teeth.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Dude--she had seventies bush.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY--NIGHT
text: Jay and Bob continue hitching.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I can't believe this shit. Five hours
dialog: and not a single ride. Every day,
dialog: millions of people hitch to Hollywood
dialog: and stop studios from making movies
dialog: about 'em. But when you and me try
dialog: it, it's like we're trapped in a
dialog: fucking cartoon!
text: A familiar-looking VAN pulls up in the other side of the
text: raid, The horn beeps. Jay and Bob look at each other, shrug,
text: and race across the street, get in. The van pulls off.
scene_heading: INT. VAN--NIGHT
text: Jay and Bob sit in the back of the can and stare at--
text: A clean-cut GUY, a Bookish woman in glasses, a red headed
text: Beauty, a stoner DUDE, and a GREAT DANE.
text: Jay looks at Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Zoinks, yo
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: And now we can finally solve the
dialog: mystery of the Hitchhiking Ghouls!
dialog: Pull off their masks and let's see
dialog: who they really are!
speaker_heading: BOOKISH
dialog: I don't think they are masks.
speaker_heading: BEAUTY
dialog: I don't think they're Hitchhiking
dialog: Girls either.
speaker_heading: BOOKISH
dialog: Ghouls, you fucking moron. Not Girls.
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Though I wish they were hitchhiking
text: girls. Sexy, skimpily clad hitchhiking
dialog: girls--
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Let's kick them out. We've got a
dialog: mystery to solve.
speaker_heading: DUDE
dialog: The only mystery here is why we take
text: our cues from a dick in a neckerchief!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Keep it up, Beatnik! I'll feed you
dialog: to the fucking dog!
speaker_heading: BEAUTY
dialog: (covering her ears;
dialog: shrieking)
dialog: I CAN'T TAKE ALL THIS FIGHTING!
speaker_heading: JAY
speaker_heading: YO!
text: The Gang look to Jay and Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Youse guys need to turn those frowns
dialog: upside down! And we got just the
dialog: thing for that.
text: (pulls out a bag of
dialog: joints)
dialog: We call them Doobie Snax.
scene_heading: INT. VAN--WEED VISION
text: As Jay and Bob toke up, we go all SLO-MO and 70's freaky
text: (with the image seeming to SWIM). Through their stoned haze,
text: we see old-school witches, skeletons, and ghouls swirling
text: about their heads--the latter of which gets his mask taken
text: off to reveal a man inside a costume.
text: Jay and Bob look at the gang, then take a hit off their joint
text: and look back. Suddenly, the gang's engaged in total
text: debauchery: the Dude rides the windshield while the Guy
text: cackles insanely, blindfolded by his neckerchief. Bookish
text: and Beauty are in their underwear, making out with each other.
text: The Great Dane looks at Jay and Bob and says--
speaker_heading: GREAT DANE
dialog: Ri, Ray rand Rirent Rob
text: The Great Dane rolls over, revealing its RED THING sticking
text: way out of its sheath. It's monstrous. Jay and Bob go wide-
dialog: eyed.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Look at his fuckin' lipstick!!! He's
dialog: got a stoner-boner!!!
text: Jay and Bob smile and pass out.
text: We cut back to the gang, who now appear as they did prior to
text: Weed-Vision. They stare at the O.C. Jay and Bob.
speaker_heading: BEAUTY
dialog: I think they passed out.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Great. What do we do with them now?
speaker_heading: DUDE
dialog: Let's cut out their kidneys to sell
dialog: on the black market and leave them
text: in a seedy motel bathtub full of
dialog: ice.
speaker_heading: BOOKISH
dialog: Oh God, not again?
scene_heading: INT. SEEDY MOTEL BATHROOM--NIGHT
text: Jay lies in a bathtub full of ice, screaming. There's a scar
text: on his back.
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS CITY PARK--DAY
text: Jay wakes up suddenly, screaming. He startles Bob awake as
text: well, as he clutched at this back lifting his shirt to see
text: the scar. It's not there.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Holy shit, I had a horrible dream.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Yo, I'm hungry. Where can we get
dialog: some breakfast?
text: Bob looks around, and then locks on something O.C. He points,
text: and Jay looks, smiles widely, and nods.
scene_heading: EXT. MOOBY'S FAST FOOD JOINT--DAY
text: An ESTABLISHING SHOT of the fast food eatery, as Jay and Bob
dialog: enter.
scene_heading: INT. MOOBY'S FAST FOOD JOINT--SAME
text: As the pair head for the counter, Jay notices a public
text: INTERNET TERMINAL. He tugs at Silent Bob's arm.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo--check that shit out: the Internet.
dialog: Let's see if those fucks said
dialog: something new about us and that stupid
dialog: flick.
text: Bob shrugs, heading for the terminal. He inserts a dollar
text: and types, following it up with a mouse click. The pair look
text: at the screen and go wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: "Any movie based on Jay and Silent
dialog: Bob is gonna lick balls, because
text: they both, in fact, lick balls. Namely
dialog: each other's."
text: Jay and Silent Bob look at each other, wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Eww.
dialog: (reading further)
dialog: "Yes--they are real people. Real
dialog: stupid people. Signed, Darth Randal."
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: Motherfucker! It's time we wrote
dialog: something back! Type this shit down.
text: Silent Bob starts typing as Jay dictates.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: All you motherfuckers are gonna pay.
dialog: You are the ones who are the ball-
dialog: lickers. We're gonna fuck your
dialog: mothers whole you watch and cry like
dialog: little bitches. Once we get to
dialog: Hollywood and find those Miramax
dialog: fucks who are making the movie, we're
dialog: gonna make 'em eat our shit, then
dialog: shit our shit, then eat their shit
dialog: which is made of our shit that we
dialog: made 'em eat. Then all you
dialog: motherfuckers are next. Love, Jay
dialog: and Silent Bob.
text: Silent Bob finishes typing and presses "Return". He and Jay
text: nod at each other, then head over to the counter line, looking
text: up at the menu board.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That'll fucking show 'em. Now we eat
dialog: our Egga-Mooby-Muffins, then get
dialog: back on the road, get to Hollywood,
dialog: and stop that fucking movie from
dialog: getting made. No more hairy-bush
dialog: nuns, no more dogs. We keep our eye
dialog: on the prize, and not let nothing--
dialog: and I mean NOTHING--distract me.
text: As Jay finishes speaking, he looks to the O.C. doors and
text: freezes. A gorgeous GIRL walks through the front doors, all
text: in SLO-MO to the tune of Prince's The Most Beautiful Girl in
text: the World. She's bathed in light, glowing.
text: She bats her eyelashes, gliding toward us.
text: Jay is mouth-agape wide eyed. Silent Bob looks at him, then
text: at the O.C.Girl. He slowly waves his hand in front of Jay's
text: eyes, getting zero response.
speaker_heading: JAY'S POV
text: The Girl smiles at us. His POV goes from her face, down to
text: her breasts, then down to her crotch.
text: Jay moves past Silent Bob and meets the Girl in the middle
text: of the floor. He embraces her and lands a long, sweet kiss
text: on her mouth. After a beat, he starts fumbling like a teenager
text: to get to second base under her shirt, totally incongruous
text: with the music. The Girl kindly tries to deter him.
text: But it's just a fantasy. Jay's still standing there next to
text: Silent Bob, but he is sporting a huge BONER. Silent Bob rolls
text: his eyes. He grabs a soda cup off the counter and sticks it
text: over Jay's boner, just as the Girl joins them in line. She
text: smiles at the zombified Jay.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (off cup)
dialog: Oh my God. Do you get free refills
dialog: with that?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh, what--this? I just wear this for
dialog: protection. You know--so no guys try
dialog: to grab my shit.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Hi. I'm Justice.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (dreamily)
dialog: And I am so fucking yours--
text: Silent Bob pokes Jay, who shakes of his daze.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I mean hi. I'm Jay. And this is my
dialog: hereto life-mate, Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: It's nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Justice, hunh? That's a nice name.
dialog: (under his breath, to
dialog: Bob)
text: Jay'n'Justice, sitting in a tree. F-
scene_heading: U-C-K-I-N-G--
dialog: (back to Justice)
dialog: So you come here often?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Oh, I'm not from around here. My
dialog: friends and I are taking a road trip,
dialog: and we just stopped to grab something
dialog: to eat.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Your friends, hunh? Where they at?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (pointing)
text: Out there. By that van.
text: Jay and Bob look past Justice to see a VAN with three other
text: gorgeous GIRLS stretching outside of it, throwing their hair
text: around, looking incredibly sexy.
text: Without looking at Silent Bob, Jay quietly says to him--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Dude--I think I just filled the cup.
scene_heading: INT. VAN--DAY
text: Jay and Bob climb into the can, getting odd looks from the
text: other Girls, Justice follows them in, tossing the fast food
text: to her friends.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ladies, ladies, ladies! Jay and Silent
dialog: Bob are in the Hizz-ouse!!!
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Who the fuck are these guys?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: This is Jay and Silent Bob.
dialog: (to Jay and Bob)
dialog: Guys, this is Sissy, Missy, and
dialog: Chrissy.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Where the fuck did they come from?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: I met 'em inside. They're gonna hitch
dialog: a ride.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: I don't know if that's such a great
dialog: idea. Jussy.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Sure it is, Juggs.
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: Oh my god--he just called Sissy
dialog: "Juggs"!
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: I'm on it.
text: Chrissy lunges toward Jay, pulling a knife.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Chrissy, no!
text: Sissy stops Chrissy, shoving a burger into her hands.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: We're in the middle of suburbia,
dialog: Chrissy. Let's try to act like it.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: And what-stupid ass little foul-
dialog: mouthed bitch-boys don't get their
dialog: balls cut off in suburbia?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (oblivious)
dialog: What's with the knife? We having
dialog: cake or something?
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Holy shit--he's retarded, to boot.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to Silent Bob)
dialog: Yo--she called you retarded.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: (to Justice)
dialog: What's wrong with you, Justice? You
dialog: do remember where we're going, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: That we do have a job to do?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: They're just gonna tag along for a
dialog: few miles. They won't get in the
dialog: way, I promise.
dialog: (cutesy)
dialog: Please?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Fine--they can ride with us. But
dialog: they're so out of here before we get
dialog: to Boulder.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Honest Injun.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: "Honest Injun"?
dialog: (to Sissy)
dialog: I can't believe what a pushover you
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And I can't believe fine-ass bitches
dialog: like yourselves eat that shit. Don't
dialog: you know fast food makes girls fart?
text: Suddenly, Jay and Bob are parted by BRENT, who's getting
text: into the van.
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: Say--what's all this talk about
dialog: farting?
text: Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy immediately go from disgusted to
text: sweet and airy, totally switching characters.
scene_heading: SISSY/CHRISSY/MISSY
dialog: Hi Brent!
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: This is Brent. He's with us, too.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Brent, tell these sillies that girls
dialog: don't fart.
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: Of course they don't! Only skeevy
text: stoners fart.
text: The very white Brent puts his hand out to be slapped by Jay
dialog: and Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: What up, homies?
dialog: (off the Girls)
dialog: Wow, Three guys, four girls--
dialog: (to Jay and Bob)
dialog: What's the count boys?
text: Jay and Bob look at each other and roll their eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY--DAY
text: The van drives down the road. We hear singing from inside.
scene_heading: INT. VAN--DAY
text: Brent strums a guitar and sings, as the Girls and Jay and
text: Bob listen, rolling eyes.
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: Hey there mister science-guy. Don't
dialog: spray that aerosol in my eye. For I
dialog: don't really want to die. I'm a noble
dialog: rabbit!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What're you guys, like a cover band
dialog: or something?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: We're the Kansas State chapter of
dialog: S.A.A.C.--Students Against Animal
dialog: Cruelty.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: And we're on our way to Colorado to
dialog: give Provasik a piece of our minds!
text: Everyone lets out a whoop, except Jay and Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck are you bitches babbling
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: Hey! Watch the language little boy.
text: There are females present.
text: Jay and Silent Bob eyeball Brent, until Justice distracts
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Provasik Pharmaceuticals is a medical
dialog: lab where they perform gross
dialog: experiments on animals.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: So, what kind of animals are we
dialog: talking about here--like bears and
dialog: rhinos?
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: No--more like rabbits, dogs, cats...
dialog: heck, even monkeys, If we don't speak
dialog: for them, who will?
dialog: (touches Justice's
dialog: arm)
dialog: Right, Jussy?
text: Jay sees this and his eyes flare over the competition. After
text: a beat, he relaxes.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey, uh--Brent? Can I talk to you
dialog: over here for a second?
text: Brent joins Jay, strumming his guitar. Jay addresses him
text: confidentially.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Be honest, yo--you're down with this
dialog: for the fine-ass pussy, right?
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: I'm down with this because I love
dialog: animals, stupid.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Even sheep?
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: Of course. Sheep are beautiful
dialog: creatures.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: They are beautiful, aren't they?
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: Oh God, yes.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: So then you'd fuck a sheep?
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: What is your damage little boy? You've
dialog: got a sick and twisted world
dialog: perspective.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No, you misunderstand me, Prince
dialog: Valiant. I mean if you were another
dialog: sheep. Would you fuck a sheep if
dialog: you were another sheep?
speaker_heading: BRENT
dialog: I--suppose so.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That's what I thought.
dialog: (suddenly loudly, to
dialog: all)
text: YO! THIS MOTHERFUCKER AIN'T ONE OF
dialog: US! HE JUST SAID HE'D FUCK A SHEEP!
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY--DAY
text: The side door of the van slides open and Brent gets hurled
text: out of the moving vehicle. Jay throws his guitar at him as
text: well, yelling and flipping the bird as the van drives off.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: YA DIRTY SHEEP FUCKER!!!
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY--LATER
text: The van drives down the road.
scene_heading: INT. VAN--SAME
text: Missy drives. Sissy sits in the passenger seat. Chrissy kneels
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: What the fuck are we gonna do now?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Shut up, I'm thinking.
text: In the back, Justice studies some blueprints. Jay joins her,
text: and she quickly folds them up.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Is Hollywood near where we're going?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Is that where you guys are from?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Ch'yeah, right. Jersey represent!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Oh, a Jersey Boy. What brings you
dialog: all the way out here?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Well, we couldn't hang in front of
dialog: the Quick Stop no more, 'cause of
dialog: the strainen-en order, which sucks
dialog: ass 'cause it's been like our home
dialog: since we were kids. Silent Bob even
text: busted his cherry there.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: You did? I'll bet she was a lucky
dialog: girl.
text: Bob blushes, Jay doesn't like that Justice's attention has
dialog: strayed.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Look, fuck that fat fuck--I'm trying
dialog: to tell a story here.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Anyway, we were talking to Brodie
dialog: and he said there's gonna be a
dialog: Bluntman and Chronic movie. So we
dialog: went to see Holden McNeil, and he
dialog: showed us the Internet, and that's
dialog: where we found all these fucking
dialog: little jerkoffs were saying shit
dialog: about us. So we decided to go to
dialog: Hollywood and stop the movie from
dialog: getting made. And now we're here.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Wow. I have no idea what you just
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah, I get that a lot. So you like
dialog: animals, huh?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That's cool. Even snakes?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: You can't exclude an animal just
dialog: because it's not cuddly. Of course I
dialog: like snakes.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: How about trouser snakes?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: What's a trouser snake?
text: Just then, a little JAY DEVIL appears on Jay's left shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAY DEVIL
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: What the fuck are you waiting for?
dialog: She went for the setup! Reach in
dialog: your fucking pants, and pull yer
dialog: cock out, bitch! That's the kinda
dialog: shit girls like!
text: Suddenly another little JAY DEVIL appears in Jay's right
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAY DEVIL 2
dialog: Right about here's where the angel's
dialog: supposed to show up and tell you not
dialog: to pull your dick out. But we bitch-
dialog: slapped that little fuck and sent
text: him packing, so it's smooth sailing.
dialog: Let 'er rip, boy!
text: They disappear in little puffs of smoke and Jay shoves his
text: hand down his pants, getting ready to whip out his dick,
text: when suddenly a little JAY ANGEL appears on his shoulder,
text: rubbing a swollen jaw.
speaker_heading: JAY ANGEL
dialog: Sorry I'm late. So what's the deal
dialog: here?
dialog: (looks down)
dialog: Oh, shit--you're not thinking of
dialog: whipping your dick out at this fine
dialog: piece of woman, are you?
text: Jay thinks, then nods "Yes." The Jay Angel rolls his eyes,
text: and slaps him.
speaker_heading: JAY ANGEL
dialog: Tell you what: look at Silent Bob.
dialog: See if he thinks it's a good idea to
dialog: whip your dick out.
text: Jay looks to Silent Bob. Silent Bob looks from Jay's hand in
text: his pants to Jay and shakes his head "no," sternly. Jay
text: withdraws his hand from his pants. The Jay Angel nods,
dialog: satisfied.
speaker_heading: JAY ANGEL
dialog: That's it, boy--put the dick down.
dialog: You gotta go from the heart, yo. No
dialog: little perv bullshit will do for
dialog: this one. Be smooth. Be Don Juan de
dialog: la Nootch. Now I gotta go beat the
dialog: shit out of two suckerpunching little
dialog: bitches. Remember--don't pull your
dialog: dick out until she asks you to.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Or until she sleeping. Bunnnnggg!
text: The Jay Angel blinks away. Justice
text: looks at Jay, a bit confused.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Don't ask.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, uh--what can a pimp-daddy like
dialog: me do to help the animals?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: You really don't want to help us--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck are you talking about?
dialog: Sure I do. I'd do anything for you.
text: Justice smiles. Jay tries to recover.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I mean, youse guys! I'd do anything
dialog: for youse guys. For the lift and
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Sure, I'm sure. I said it, didn't I.
dialog: Fuck
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Well--okay. Let me talk it over with
dialog: the other girls and get back to you.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You do that.
text: Jay takes Justice's hand and kisses it.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'll be right here.
text: He winks at her, smiles and moves to the other side of the
text: can, near Silent Bob. He's still smiling at Justice and
text: winking when he looks to Silent Bob who stares at him blankly,
text: then imitates Jay's hand-kissing back at him, Jay scowls.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Fuck you. Fatty.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENIENCE STORY--DAY
text: The van pulls up and all pile out, stretching. The Girls
text: head toward the store. Justice calls over to Jay and Silent
dialog: Bob.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: You guys want anything from inside?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No, we're cool, thanks hon.
text: Justice smiles and heads inside. Jay and Silent Bob study
text: the front of the foreign convenience store. They look for a
text: place to lean, try a few spots out, then settle into one.
dialog: After a beat--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It just ain't the same, is it? This
dialog: place licks balls compared to Quick
dialog: Stop.
text: Silent Bob shakes his head "Yeah."
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And speaking of licking balls--how
dialog: 'bout that Justice chick? She is too
dialog: fine. And she smells so fucking
dialog: pretty. She's got a nice voice, too.
dialog: And that body? Smoking. You know,
dialog: she never once said "fuck off," when
dialog: I was talking to her, or pulled out
dialog: the pepper spray, or nothing. I tell
dialog: ya, Lunchbox--she could be the one.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENIENCE STORE--DAY
text: Justice is at the microwave when she's suddenly surrounded
text: by the other girls.
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: Smooth move, Justice.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: (slapping Justice
dialog: upside the head)
dialog: Nice going, Four Eyes!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Ow!
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Why the fuck did you let that little
dialog: stoner throw Brent our of the van?!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Oh please--if I had to listen to one
dialog: more of those stupid songs, I was
dialog: going to throw him out myself.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: We needed Brent, Justice! He was our
dialog: patsy!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: We'll find someone else. Besides, I
dialog: didn't see you trying to stop Jay
text: from throwing him out.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Because I didn't want to blow our
dialog: cover!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Cover, shmover--you all hated his
dialog: songs, too.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Not as much as I hate you.
text: Justice offers Chrissy a cold glance,
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Fuck, if I don't get to kill someone
dialog: soon, I'm gonna--fucking kill someone!
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: (rubbing Chrissy's
dialog: shoulders)
dialog: Don't mind Chrissy. She's just a
text: little too wound for sound.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Then how about you help me take the
dialog: edge off?
text: Chrissy grabs Missy forcefully and the pair make out, hot
text: and heavy in the middle of the convenience store. Other
text: customers regard them wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (to Customers)
dialog: They're really good friends.
speaker_heading: SISSY
scene_heading: (TO CHRISSY AND MISSY)
dialog: Would you two knock it off? We're in
dialog: the fucking heartland here! Try to
dialog: blend!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: They already do--she's the milkmaid,
dialog: and she's the cow.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Oh, I'm a cow, am I? I'm a mad cow,
dialog: bitch. And now I'm gonna rip your
dialog: head off and fuck your spine stump.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Enough!
dialog: (calm to Justice)
dialog: We have a very simple gang here,
dialog: Justice. I'm the brains, Chrissy's
dialog: the brawn, and Missy's the tech-girl.
dialog: But lately, I'm having a hard time
dialog: figuring out what you're doing here.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: That makes two of us.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Shit--your name doesn't even fit the
dialog: rhyme scheme.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: That's because very few names rhyme
dialog: with "douchebag."
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: (getting in her face)
dialog: You're dancing on my last nerve,
dialog: Strawberry Shortcake.
dialog: (to Sissy)
dialog: You deal with the weak link. I'm
dialog: gonna take Missy into the dirty
dialog: convenience store bathroom and hate-
dialog: fuck the shit out of her.
text: Chrissy drags Missy off. Justice and Sissy watch them go.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: And you said letting them read all
dialog: that Anais Nin wouldn't amount to
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Don't change the subject. You know
dialog: what you have to do now, right? Since
dialog: you let our patsy slip away, you've
dialog: gotta convince the little kid and
dialog: that fat guy to take his place.
dialog: They've gotta break into Provasik
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Uh-uh!
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Uh-huh. You'll do it; or you're out
dialog: of this gang. Just use the little
dialog: one's crush to convince him, since
dialog: he's so fucking in love with you.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Jay? No he's not.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: What--am I blind? He wasn't kissing
dialog: your hand back in the van like he
dialog: was fucking Lord Byron?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Well, maybe he was just raised with
dialog: manners.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENIENCE STORE--DAY
text: A GIRL walks past Jay and Bob, heading out of the store.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to exited Girl)
text: YO, BABY! YOU EVER HAVE YOUR ASSHOLE
text: LICKED BY A FAT MAN IN AN OVERCOAT?!
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENIENCE STORE--DAY
text: Sissy continues to confront Justice.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: You're the one that brought the kid
dialog: in, Jussy. So you've gotta make
text: amends.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
text: Jay is not taking Brent's place as
dialog: the patsy.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: That kid and his quite friend are
dialog: our only options at this point. Now
dialog: we got about two hours before we get
dialog: to Boulder. That gives you plenty of
dialog: of time to work on him.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: I'm not gonna do it.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Why the fuck not?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Because he's just to so innocent!
text: Justice looks out the window and smiles, seeing Jay dancing
text: alongside Bob.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Look at him--
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENIENCE STORE--SAME
text: Jay's dancing still, but now we hear what he's SINGING to
dialog: Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'm gonna finger-fuck her tight little
dialog: asshole! Finger-bang and tea-bang my
dialog: balls--in her mouth! Where? Where?
text: In her mouth--balls-a-plenty in her
dialog: mouth! Balls, balls, sweaty balls--
scene_heading: INT. CONVENIENCE STORE--SAME
text: Sissy eyeballs Justice, who's still looking out at Jay.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Who's it going to be, Jussy--him or
dialog: us?
text: Justice looks at Sissy. Sissy nods at her. Justice looks
text: back out at Jay.
scene_heading: INT. VAN--DAY
text: Justice talks to Jay and Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Steal a monkey? Shit--no problem.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: It's not really stealing--it's
dialog: liberating it, and--
dialog: (finally hears him)
dialog: Wait a second--did you say, "No
dialog: problem"?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah, Fuck--we steal monkeys all the
dialog: time.
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: Right, Lunchbox?
text: Silent Bob glares at Jay.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: It's not like it's a bad thing. It's
dialog: for a good cause.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh, it for the best cause, mon cheri--
dialog: (takes her hand)
dialog: The cause of love.
dialog: (kisses her hand,
dialog: then releases)
dialog: Snoogans--
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: What the heck is that?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What's what?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: "Snoogans," I believe it was.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck do you think it means?
dialog: It means "I'm kidding."
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Ohhh. Well, that's too bad.
text: She smiles at Jay, touches his chin and heads to the front
text: of the van. Jay plays it cool until she's out of sight, then
text: humps silent Bob's leg like a dog.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I can't believe I'm gonna get some
dialog: pussy for stealing a monkey!
dialog: (speaking)
dialog: If I'd known it was that easy, I'd've
dialog: been stealing monkeys since I was
dialog: like seven and shit.
text: Jay looks at Silent Bob, who clearly disapproves.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Don't, motherfucker. Don't you ruin
dialog: this for me. Me and Justice are gonna
dialog: get married one day, so don't be
dialog: giving me that "we-ain't-stealing-no-
dialog: monkey" look. I'm Morris Day; you're
dialog: Jerome, bitch. Don't forget that.
dialog: That girl? That girl's in love with
dialog: me.
text: Up front, Justice talks to Sissy, while Missy drives.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: They're gonna do it.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Good. They do their part--
dialog: (pats a video camera)
dialog: And we'll do ours.
text: Justice eyes Sissy, then slumps in her seat.
scene_heading: EXT. PROVASIK MEDICAL LABS--NIGHT
text: The Van rolls up across the street from the Provasik Labs,
text: parking in front of another large building.
scene_heading: INT. VAN--SAME
text: Jay and Silent bob get out, along with Justice. They wear
text: Ninja masks. Missy and Chrissy follow.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Remember--we meet back here when
dialog: you're done. You sure you're okay
dialog: with this?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: As sure as I am that you're the
dialog: hottest bitch I ever seen.
text: Chrissy lunges at Jay, Missy holds her back, dragging Chrissy
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What's twisting that bitch's tits?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Maybe it's because women don't like
dialog: to be called "bitches," Jay.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: They don't? Well how 'bout "piece of
dialog: ass"?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: How about not.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Well, what the fuck am I supposed to
dialog: call you, then?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Something sweet, you big goof.
dialog: Something nice.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (thinks; then)
dialog: Boo-boo kitty fuck.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Okay. That's a start.
text: Sissy jumps out of the van, holding the video camera, aiming
text: it at Jay and Bob.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Jay, before you go, could you say
dialog: something into the camera about the
dialog: clitoris.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (to Sissy)
dialog: Man you are such a bitch--
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: (off Justice; to Jay)
text: She's just a little embarrassed.
dialog: See, Jussy and I are putting together
dialog: this documentary for our Human
dialog: Sexuality class, and we need a male
text: perspective on the clitoris.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: The female clitoris?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Uh--yeah.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Jay, you don't have to do this.
text: She elbows Sissy.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Nah, it's cool, hon. There's a few
dialog: things I can say about the clit that
dialog: I's like you to hear.
dialog: (clears throat; into
dialog: camera)
dialog: I am the master of the clit! I make
dialog: that shit work! It does what ever
dialog: the fuck I tell it to do! No one
dialog: rules the clit like me!
dialog: (off Silent Bob)
dialog: Not this little fuck! None of you
dialog: little fucks out there! I am the
dialog: clit commander!!! Remember that--
dialog: commander of all clits!
text: Jay proceeds to make some pussy-eating faces. Justice shakes
text: her head at Sissy, who snaps the camera closed and smiles.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Awesome. Knock 'em dead, Tiger.
text: Sissy climbs back into the van.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to Justice)
dialog: So--can I get a little kiss for good
dialog: luck?
text: Justice smiles at Jay, then kisses him sweetly on the lips.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: So--can I get a little blow job for
dialog: good luck?
text: Justice smiles and pulls Jay's mask down. He heads off,
text: revealing Silent Bob behind him, lips puckered, handing in
text: midair. Jay reached back into the frame, pulling Bob out.
text: Justice watches them go.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Jussy. C'mon.
text: Justice climbs back into the van.
scene_heading: INT. VAN--SAME
text: Justice sits, glaring at Sissy.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Hey, Lover-girl. You cock-block my
dialog: authority again, you lose your fucking
dialog: fronts, you got that?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Sissy takes the tape out of the camera and hands it off to
text: Missy, beside whom is a bag full of high-tech equipment.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Phase One, down. While we're executing
dialog: Phase Two, you edit that tape and
text: grab a new car.
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: No sweat.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Let's suit up.
scene_heading: EXT. PROVASIK MEDICAL LABS--NIGHT
text: Jay and Silent bob tuck-and-roll across the front lawn,
text: stopping at the building. Silent Bob pulls a GRAPPLING GUN
text: out of his coat. He fires it into the air as Jay quickly
text: gives the "metal" sign, and the pair are lifted out-of-frame.
scene_heading: INT. PROVASIK MEDICAL LABS--NIGHT
text: It's dead quiet and still. Then, the pair smash through a
text: window, landing in the floor in a ball. They lift their Ninja
text: hoods. Jay glares at Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You fat fuck--
scene_heading: INT. VAN--NIGHT
text: Missy peers through binoculars out the window.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: They in?
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: You can say that.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Time to shine. Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN--NIGHT
text: The quartet piles out of the van, and we get our first look
text: at them: sexily geared up for action, wearing all black.
text: They head for a SEPARATE BUILDING. Stopping at the front
dialog: door.
text: Sissy gestures elaborately to Missy, and Missy gestures
text: elaborately back, racing away into the night. Justice offers
text: Sissy a look.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: You are so gay.
text: Chrissy sticks a box on the door and presses a button. On a
text: digital readout, numbers roll until they stop on four
text: different digits. The door lock CLICKS open.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Once we're inside, I want complete
dialog: silence.
dialog: (holding up high-tech
dialog: device)
dialog: Missy whipped this up. It counts our
dialog: decibel level. If it goes into the
dialog: red--alarm, we're dead. So not even
dialog: the slightest noise, got it?
text: Justice blows her off. Sissy enters the building, followed
text: closely by Chrissy. Justice lingers at the door, taking one
text: last look back at the Provasik Building, fretting for Jay
dialog: and Bob.
speaker_heading: SISSY
text: (pokes her head back
dialog: out)
dialog: Justice! Move your ass!
text: Justice heads inside. We PAN up to reveal a sign that reads:
scene_heading: BOULDER DIAMOND EXCHANGE.
scene_heading: INT. PROVASIK TESTING ROOM--NIGHT
text: Jay and Bob stand there, looking around the room.
text: It's lines with cages, all of which contain sad-looking
text: ANIMALS. A tear forms in silent Bob's eye. Jay rolls his
text: eyes and hits him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Stay frosty, you big fucking softie.
dialog: We've got a job to do.
text: Silent Bob nods and clicks on a flashlight. The pair wade
text: through the cages. Jay stops at an EMERGENCY BOX hanging on
text: the wall. Inside it, there's a pistol.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Check this out, Lunchbox. Animal
dialog: tranquilizer. This shit fucks you up
dialog: like Percocets!
text: Jay elbows the glass, breaking it. He takes the gun out and
text: tosses it to Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hold this. Later, me and Justice can
dialog: shoot each other with it and fuck
text: like stoned test bunnies. Bunnggg.
text: Silent Bob rolls he eyes and sticks the gun in his coat. The
text: pair look through the cages, until HEAR the distinct SOUND
text: OF A MONKEY. Jay directs Silent Bob's flashlight to the cage
text: from where the sound emitted. He smiles.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Suzanne." Boo-yah.
scene_heading: INT. BOULDER DIAMOND EXCHANGE--NIGHT
text: The three Girls stand at the end of a large hallway. At the
text: other end is a glass case, full of DIAMONDS.
text: Sissy pulls and aerosol can from her utility belt and sprays
text: the air in the hallway. She watches the decibel monitor,
text: which rises only slightly at the sound of the spray. Suddenly,
text: within the mist, laser beams become apparent.
text: Sissy hands the decibel monitor to Chrissy and takes a few
text: steps back, shaking her hands to limber up. She then runs
text: forward and does an impressive series of flips down the
text: hallway, not touching a single laser beam.
text: Chrissy checks the decibel monitor, which rises only slightly.
text: Once Sissy's flipping comes to a stop at the other end of
text: the hallway near the Diamond case, she makes a hand gesture
text: to Justice. Justice nods, and proceeds to do the same series
text: of flips down the hallway, not tripping the alarm.
text: Chrissy checks the decibel monitor, which rises only slightly.
text: Justice lands beside Sissy, and then Sissy gestures to
dialog: Chrissy.
text: Chrissy tosses the decibel monitor over the laser beams,
text: Sissy catches it, and the monitor rises only slightly.
text: Then, Chrissy proceeds with her series of flips, which are
text: even more impressive than the other two, including running
text: up walls and pushing into handstand flips. When she passes
text: the last laser beam, she lands between Sissy and Justice,
text: arms in the air like a gymnast. Then, she lets out a loud,
text: manly FART.
text: The decibel monitor goes red and an alarm starts RINGING
text: through the building.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Holy fuck--the little stoner was
dialog: right--
text: Sissy shutters the glass surrounding the Diamonds. She ours
text: them into a bag, and races back down the hallway, followed
dialog: by Justice and Chrissy.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULDER DIAMOND EXCHANGE--NIGHT
text: The Girls emerge from the Diamond Exchange, just as Missy
text: pulls up in a CONVERTIBLE.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Boom Box!
text: Missy tosses a metal box to Chrissy, who catches it and races
text: toward the van, while Sissy and Justice pile into the
dialog: convertible.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: I can't believe it. Months of planning
dialog: and it's all blown by a fucking fart.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: We can't just leave them like this!
dialog: That alarm's gonna bring the cops
dialog: here any minute!
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: That was always the plan, Justice!
dialog: They take the heat off of is long
dialog: enough until we can get out of town!
text: Chrissy attaches the metal box to the side of the van.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Kaboom, you little stoner fucks.
text: The girls pull up in the convertible and Chrissy jumps into
text: the car with them.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: It's set. Let's roll.
text: The convertible screeches away, leaving the can sitting there.
text: The metal has magnetically attached to the side is counting
text: down from two minutes.
scene_heading: INT. PROVASIK TESTING LAB--NIGHT
text: Jay and Bob carry a large canvas bag between them. Something
text: seems to move inside it. The head for the exit, but Silent
text: bob hesitates, offering a sad look to the animals in all the
text: cages. Jay hits him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck are you looking at?
dialog: There ain't no snacks here, man! Now
dialog: we got what we came for, so let's
dialog: get the fuck out!
text: Silent Bob half-gestures to the cages, forlorn. Jay shakes
text: his head frustrated.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah, it's sad! But what the fuck
dialog: are we supposed to do about it?
text: Silent bob offers Jay a look.
scene_heading: EXT. PROVASIK MEDICAL LABS--NIGHT
text: The front doors burst open, spilling out Jay, Silent Bob
text: (carrying their bag), and HUNDREDS OF ANIMALS--cats, dogs,
text: birds, rabbits. All race off into the night.
text: Jay and Bob race toward the van. Jay screams at it.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
text: JUSTICE! OPEN THE DOORS!
text: Suddenly, Jay and Bob stop dead in their tracks.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh shit--
text: Three COP CARS screech up, the van between them and Jay and
text: Bob. The COPS leap out of their cruisers, guns drawn. Jay
dialog: looks to Bob, pissed
speaker_heading: COP
text: DROP THE BAG! BEFORE THIS THING TURNS
speaker_heading: EXPLOSIVE!
text: The counter on the device attached to the van hits "0," and
text: the van BLOWS UP. Jay and Bob get thrown backwards in one
text: direction, the Cops in the other. On all fours, Jay looks
text: at the burning shell of the van, a tear forming in his eye.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Justice--
text: We crane up from him as he bellows--
speaker_heading: JAY
text: JUUUSSSTTTTIIIICCCCEEEE!!!!!!
text: Silent Bob grabs Jay and drags him out of frame, still
text: carrying the bag.
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL WILDLIFE MARSHAL'S OFFICE--DAY
text: We start on a sign on the door that reads: Federal Wildlife
text: Marshal, Colorado Field Office, then pull back to see a DEPUTY
text: opening the door and heading inside.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL WILDLIFE MARSHAL'S OFFICE--DAY
text: The Deputy enters just as a FAX is coming through at an
text: operations board. He rips it off, reading it. His eyes go
dialog: wide.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Oh, fudge...
dialog: (calling off)
dialog: Marshal Willenholly!
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM--SAME
text: MARSHAL WILLENHOLLY sits on the bowl, staring at Four Legged
text: Law-Man magazine, eyeing it lustily. Below frame, he jerks
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Yeah, you chug that ass-cock baby--
text: It takes two hands to hold doesn't
dialog: it--? Uhhh--
text: As he climaxes, a ganging at the door disrupts him.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: WHAT?! WHAT?! I'M READING!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY (O.S.)
dialog: Sir, we got a report of a break-in
dialog: at Provasik Pharmaceuticals' testing
dialog: lab.
text: Willenholly emerges from the bathroom, holding the magazine.
text: There's a massive wet spot on the front of his pants.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Have you read this article on the
dialog: mule-suckers in Tijuana? Good God, I
dialog: wish that was in our jurisdiction--
dialog: I'd shut down every last one of those
dialog: ass-cock chuggers, personally.
text: The Deputy looks at the stain on Willenholly's pants, then
dialog: at Willenholly.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: What? "Ass" means "donkey."
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (hands him a fax)
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (looks at fax)
dialog: Boulder, hunh? Well, gas up the jet.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: We don't have a jet, sir. And
text: Boulder's only ten minutes away.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Then gas up the next best thing.
scene_heading: EXT. PROVASIK MEDICAL LABS--DAY
text: There are FIRE TRUCKS all over the place now. The burned out
text: van is being poured over by Cops. Just then, Willenholly
text: pulls up on a MOPED. He parks it and surveys the wreckage.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: My, oh my, oh my. Who let the cats
dialog: out?
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Wait--is that right?
speaker_heading: COP 1 (O.S.)
dialog: Excuse me--who the hell are you?
text: Willenholly rips down the Velcro patch on his jacket,
text: revealing a badge.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Federal Wildlife Marshal. This
dialog: investigation is now under my
dialog: jurisdiction.
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: Oh really? And why is that?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Because someone let a whole mess of
dialog: animals out of their cages, sir.
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: Well, we believe that was just a
dialog: diversionary tactic used to call
text: attention away from the real heist
dialog: over here at the Diamond Exchange.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Yeah, right. That's a believable
dialog: scenario. It sounds more like
text: something out of a bad movie.
text: Willenholly and the Cop look at the camera. Then, another
text: COP joins them.
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: Sir, the Provasik people say they've
dialog: rounded all their animals up, except
dialog: for one: an orangutan.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Listen up, ladies and gentlemen! Our
dialog: fugitive has been on the run for 6
dialog: hours! Average simian foot speed
dialog: over uneven ground--barring injuries
dialog: or preoccupation with tire tubes,
dialog: mites or bananas--is four miles an
dialog: hour. That gives us a radius of twenty
dialog: miles.
speaker_heading: COP 3
dialog: (calling out from
dialog: crowd)
dialog: Twenty-four, sir!
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: COP 3
dialog: Six hours times four miles an hour
dialog: is twenty-four.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (doing the math in
dialog: his head)
dialog: Yes. Yes, you're right. My bad. Twenty-
dialog: four miles. Now what I want out of
dialog: all of you is a hard target search.
speaker_heading: COP 4
dialog: Excuse me, sir?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: COP 4
dialog: What does that mean, exactly--a "hard
dialog: target search"? What's a "hard
dialog: target"?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Well. It's--a target--that's--hard.
dialog: Anyway--
speaker_heading: COP 4
dialog: So are you referring to the search's
dialog: level of difficulty? Or is the hard
dialog: target the monkey?
speaker_heading: COP 3
dialog: Or the people who stole the monkey?
text: The COPS now chatter amongst themselves, to the effect of
dialog: "Yeah--It could mean that too--He's got a point--,"etc.
text: Willenholly rubs his temples.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Okay, how about this? What I want
dialog: out of all of you is a thorough search
dialog: of every gas station, residence,
dialog: warehouse, farmhouse, henhouse,
dialog: outhouse, and doghouse in that area!
dialog: Checkpoints go up at fifteen miles!
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: Wouldn't it make sense to put them
dialog: up at every twenty-four miles--seeing
dialog: as that's how far they'd have gotten
dialog: in the last six hours?
text: They begin chattering amongst themselves again. Willenholly
text: looks at them all, defeated. He starts to cry.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: This is so frustrating. It's just so
dialog: hard sometimes--
dialog: (yelling)
text: YOUR FUGITIVE'S NAME IS SUZANNE! GO
speaker_heading: FIND HER!
text: Another COP joins Willenholly, carrying a large, fat envelope.
speaker_heading: COP 5
dialog: Sir, this was just delivered to the
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: COP 5
dialog: It's a tape from the terrorists who're
dialog: claiming credit for the break-in.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Is it VHS or Beta? You know what--
dialog: never mind. Do you have a VCR?
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE--DAY
text: Willenholly and the Cops stare at the O.C. TV, shocked, as
text: the video ends.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Oh my God--
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Have the jet gassed up and ready to
dialog: go at a moment's notice.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Sir, we don't have a jet; just a
dialog: helicopter.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (dialing his cell
dialog: phone)
dialog: Doesn't anybody have a jet anymore?
dialog: (into cell phone)
dialog: Plafsky? It is Willenholly. You gotta
dialog: get me on the national news, pronto.
dialog: Why?! Because we may very well be
dialog: dealing with the two most dangerous
dialog: men on the planet!
scene_heading: EXT. UTAH ROADSIDE--DAY
text: Jay and Silent Bob sit close to each other, staring at--
text: SUZANNE (the ORANGUTAN)--who sits on a log across from them,
text: staring back.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: This is Jussy's monkey
dialog: (to Suzanne, angrily)
dialog: JUSTICE DIED FOR YOU, YOU MONKEY
speaker_heading: FUCK!
text: Suzanne covers her eyes with her hands suddenly. Jay and
text: Silent Bob, startle, with Jay leaping behind Silent Bob and
text: pulling back as if he's going to strike.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to Silent Bob)
dialog: Do something. Tons of Fun!
text: Silent Bob offers the ape a weak wave. Suzanne drops her
text: hands from her face and waves back. Jay cranes his neck to
text: see over silent Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Is that fucking thing waving at us?
text: Suzanne nods. Jay steps out from behind Bob. They state at
dialog: the ape.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Holy shit? That monkey understood
dialog: us! Maybe it's some sort of super-
dialog: monkey!
text: Suzanne offer them a "raspberry." Spitting as if the comment
text: was ridiculous. Jay and Silent Bob react with surprise at
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck was that for? It's not
dialog: a stupid idea! I seen it in Congo?
text: Suzanne holds her nose, as if to say, "Congo stunk." Silent
text: Bob smiles in agreement and amusement. Jay looks at him,
dialog: stung.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You're my bitch. You get my back.
dialog: Don't go joining this chimp's side.
text: Jay looks around the woods, formulating a thought. Silent
text: Bob moves toward the ape, extending his hand to shake hers.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo--what if there's more super monkeys
dialog: up in the lab? Maybe they're making
dialog: an army of 'em up there! Holy shit!
dialog: Maybe it's a conspiracy--like on the
dialog: X-Files Roswell--style!
text: JAY'S DELUSION: We enter into JAY'S HEAD and see--
scene_heading: INT. LAB--DAY
text: We PAN over from a chimp in a chemist's coat measuring liquids
text: in a pair of beakers to a chimp at a drafting table sketching
text: blueprints for an insidious war machine. An orangutan shakes
text: hands with a group of five well-dressed men, one of which
text: looks like the Cigarette Smoking Man from the X-Files.
speaker_heading: JAY (V.O.)
text: Working in secret with a crew of
dialog: double-dealing, nicotine-fiending
dialog: fucks that're selling out the human
dialog: race, these supermonkeys will use
dialog: simian science and their genius IQ's
dialog: to make man and monkey alike believe
dialog: that they're the superior species!
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY--DAY
text: A monkey dressed like Mussolini addresses a huge crowd of
text: apes, who wave fists in the air.
speaker_heading: JAY (V.O.)
dialog: Then all it'll take is one little
text: monkey in a spiffy suit to whip the
text: dumber chimps into a frenzy, until
dialog: they go all ape-shit and start
dialog: demanding more bananas, better pay,
dialog: and human flesh!
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD--DAY
text: Randal leads a pack of humans racing through a cornfield,
text: and is shot in the neck. He collapses, revealing a GORILLA
text: on horseback holding a rifle. Two other Gorillas throw a net
text: over him.
speaker_heading: JAY (V.O.)
dialog: You'll have to be faster than Walt
text: Flanagan's Dog to outrun the warrior
dialog: gorillas, who hunt humans for sport,
dialog: profit, and the occasional inter-
dialog: species blow-job. And if you don't
dialog: wind up with a monkey hog in your
dialog: mouth, you'll be captured, killed or
dialog: worse...
scene_heading: INT. LAB--DAY
text: Cornelius and Zera-looking chimps dissect the brain of a
text: living, screaming, Dante.
speaker_heading: JAY (V.O.)
dialog: Eaten alive!
scene_heading: EXT. QUICK STOP--DAY
text: The Quick Stop is overrun by vines in a jungle like
text: atmosphere. Monkeys exit the store carrying bunches of
text: bananas. The sign now reads: Ape Stop
speaker_heading: JAY (V.O.)
dialog: Then these monkey fucks'll start
dialog: wearing our clothes and rebuilding
text: the world in their image.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH--DAY
text: We start on a FULL SHOT of Jay on the beach, looking up,
text: then SNAP ZOOM OUT to REVEAL Jay kneeling before the beach
text: buried Statue of Liberty, screaming, his arms raised.
speaker_heading: JAY (V.O.)
dialog: And only those who outwit those damn
dialog: dirty apes'll ever remember that it
dialog: was MAN who once ruled the earth!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (at statue)
text: YOU MANIACS! DAMN YOUSE!!! GODDAMN
dialog: YOUSE ALL TO HELL!!!
text: WE DISSOLVE FROM THIS IMAGE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. UTAH ROADSIDE--DAY
text: Another close-up of Jay's painted face. Behind him, Suzanne
text: and Silent Bob are playing patty-cake. Jay eyes Suzanne
dialog: angrily.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Not on my watch, motherfucker!
text: Jay turns and rushes Suzanne, ferociously.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: DIE, YOU SUPER-MONKEY FUCK! DIE!!!
text: Jay trips on a root poking out of the ground and hits the
text: dirt. Suzanne then goes over to Jay, pulls his face to hers,
text: and kisses him on the lips.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Alright--you can live. For now.
text: Silent Bob helps Jay to his feet.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You see that? Bitches love me.
dialog: (heading off)
dialog: Besides--we're in the fucking clear,
dialog: yo. It's not like anyone knows we
dialog: stole the monkey.
scene_heading: INT. TV NEWS STATION--DAY
text: An ANCHORMAN addresses the camera.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
dialog: I'm Reg Hartner and this is a News
dialog: Now bulletin. A Provasik animal
dialog: testing facility in boulder was the
text: focus of an attack by a terroristic
dialog: primate rescue syndicate calling
dialog: themselves the Coalition for
dialog: Liberation of Itinerant Tree-Dwellers.
dialog: Or simply, C.L.I.T.
text: A graphic of the C.L.I.T. logo appears beside him, nailing
dialog: home the joke.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
text: In a videotape sent to authorities
dialog: this morning, credit for the
dialog: liberation of an orangutan from the
dialog: lab last night is taken by these men--
text: A VIDEO CAPTURE of JAY and SILENT BOB from pre-break--in
text: appears on screen.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
dialog: --identified in literature that
text: accompanies the tape as Jay and Silent
text: Bob. In this chilling clip, they
dialog: make it very clear that they are in
dialog: control of the C.L.I.T.
text: On screen is the C.L.I.T. Logo. A digitized voice narrates.
speaker_heading: DIGITIZED VOICE
dialog: We are the C.L.I.T. None of you are
dialog: safe. Now tremble before the might
dialog: of our merciless leader.
text: The logo gives way to the video of Jay and Bob that Sissy
text: shot before the Provasik break-in. Jay's yelling into the
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I AM THE CLIT COMMANDER!!!
text: Coming out of the video footage, the Anchorman shakes his
text: head, chilled.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
dialog: Terrifying. Here to help us understand
dialog: this footage is Federal Wildlife
dialog: Marshal Willenholly.
text: PULL OUT to reveal Willenholly beside the Anchorman.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
dialog: Marshal, what can you tell us about
dialog: the C.L.I.T.?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: From the intelligence we've been
dialog: able to gather, we've discovered
text: that the C.L.I.T. is a tiny offshoot
dialog: of the L.A.B.I.A.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
text: The Liberate Apes Before Imprisoning
dialog: Apes movement.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Exactly. The men you saw in the video
dialog: are believed to be the masterminds
text: responsible for the frenzied C.L.I.T.
text: activity last night. They go by the
dialog: obvious code names "Jay" and "Silent
dialog: Bob."
dialog: (to camera)
dialog: If you should come across them or
dialog: any other C.L.I.T.-ies, please--
dialog: exercise extreme caution.
scene_heading: INT. POTZEK'S INC. OFFICE--NIGHT
text: On the TV screen is Willenholly and the video capture of Jay
text: and Silent Bob. Holden looks up from his drawing table,
dialog: shocked.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN (O.S.)
dialog: (from TV)
dialog: Marshal, how do you respond to
dialog: allegations that Federal Wildlife
dialog: Marshal's Office allowed the C.L.I.T.
dialog: to slip through their fingers?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY (O.S.)
dialog: Nonsense. We're all over the C.L.I.T.,
dialog: Reg.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Nights like this, I miss dating a
dialog: lesbian.
scene_heading: INT. QUICK STOP--NIGHT
text: From behind the register, Dante and Randal stare at the TV,
text: slack-jawed.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN (O.S.)
dialog: (from TV)
dialog: Is there also speculation that Jay
dialog: and Silent bob may be responsible
dialog: for the Diamond Exchange jewel heist
dialog: that occurred in the same vicinity
dialog: of downtown Boulder last night?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY (O.S.)
dialog: There's nothing to suggest that, no.
dialog: But these men are still to be
dialog: considered very dangerous.
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: (to Dante)
dialog: I told you that restraining order
dialog: was a good idea.
scene_heading: EXT. SEEDY MOTEL ROOMS--SAME
text: On the second-floor terrace of a run-down, roadside motel,
text: Sissy, Missy and Chrissy dance in their undies and drink
text: champagne. On the first floor terrace below, Justice leans
text: against the open sliding glass door, watching the news report
text: on a TV inside the room with the volume turned way up.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Is that your cell phone?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Yes, Excuse me.
dialog: (on TV, into cell
dialog: phone)
dialog: Federal Wildlife Marshal. I'm on my
dialog: way!
dialog: (shuts phone; to
dialog: anchorman)
dialog: We got 'em. They're in Utah.
dialog: (to camera)
dialog: Citizens of Utah--steer clear of the
text: C.L.I.T. Stimulation of the C.L.I.T.
dialog: is not recommended.
text: Justice turns the TV off and yells up to Sissy.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Your tape worked. The news is all
dialog: about Jay and Silent Bob's Provasik
text: break-in, with almost no mention of
dialog: the Diamond heist.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: (yelling down to
dialog: Justice)
dialog: I told you those two were the perfect
dialog: patsies. Now we lay low for awhile--
dialog: just in case--and start planning the
dialog: next job.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Don't you feel any regret? Jay and
dialog: Bob don't deserve this. They were
dialog: really sweet.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: The only thing I regret is not gutting
dialog: that little trout-mouthed prick like
text: a fish and playing Twister with his
dialog: vitals.
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: You are so nasty.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: I'll show you nasty, you little slut.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Would you two get a room?
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Fine--we'll take yours.
dialog: (getting up in Sissy's
dialog: face)
dialog: I am gonna stain your sheets, bi-
dialog: otch.
text: Chrissy dances away with Missy, heading inside. Sissy rolls
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Sarah Lawrence girls. Go figure.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: They're your gang.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Oh and not yours? You know, I don't
dialog: get you, Justice. You used to be all
dialog: about the girl stuff: stealing,
dialog: boning, blowing shit up. Now you're
dialog: like this little priss with a
dialog: conscience. It's really a fucking
dialog: drag.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: We all gotta grow up some time.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: If moping around over some little
dialog: boy you're crushing on is being grown-
dialog: up, then pass me my Wonder Woman
dialog: underoos.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Don't you feel the least bit of guilt
dialog: for what we did to those guys?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Awww. Does Jussy-wussy feel all dirty
dialog: about setting up her boyfriend? Then
dialog: how about taking a shower?
text: Sissy dumps the bag of diamonds over the side of the terrace.
text: They rain down on Justice below. Just then a PIZZA DELIVERY
text: GUY approaches the lower terrace, carrying a stack of pizzas.
scene_heading: PIZZA DELIVERY GUY
dialog: You the gals that ordered the pizzas?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: This dopey bitch ordered the large
dialog: plain, but I could go for some hot,
text: thick, Sicilian.
scene_heading: PIZZA DELIVERY GUY
dialog: No charge, lady. He rushes into the
text: motel, Justice sighs, looking up at
dialog: the stars.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'm sorry, Jay.
scene_heading: INT. DINER--DAY
text: Jay, Silent Bob, and Suzanne sit at a booth, eating. Jay
text: chews a burger while Silent Bob eats pancakes and Suzanne
text: digs into a banana split.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You know, Justice died trying to
dialog: save this monkey, so maybe we should
dialog: keep her around. That way, we can
dialog: honor her memory.
text: Silent bob and Suzanne are oblivious, digging into their
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Look at you Tubby Bitches. I'm waxing
dialog: all sentimental, and you're all about
dialog: a fucking meal and shit. Now ain't
dialog: you glad we stopped to eat? And you
dialog: were all piss-scared the cops'd bust
dialog: us or something. You know what I
dialog: say?
dialog: (singing, a la NWA)
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (via bullhorn)
text: THIS IS THE UTAH STATE POLICE! WE
text: KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE COME OUT WITH
text: YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR, AND SURRENDER
speaker_heading: THE ORANGUTAN!
text: Jay and Bob freeze and go wild-eyed for a beat. Then--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You think they're talking to us?
scene_heading: EXT. DINER--DAY
text: There's a few COP CARS outside, and the SHERIFF is yelling
text: at the diner through his bullhorn. Beside him are the other
dialog: COPS.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
text: YOU HAVE SIXTY SECONDS TO COMPLY.
dialog: (to other COPS)
dialog: Fuck it, Let's give 'em thirty.
text: Suddenly Willenholly rushes up, dramatically ducking behind
text: the car, gun drawn.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: The ape.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: An orangutan's a member of the great
dialog: ape family. It's not a monkey.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Look, who's the Federal Wildlife
dialog: Marshal here?
dialog: (into bullhorn)
scene_heading: JAY AND SILENT BOB, THIS IS FEDERAL
scene_heading: WILDLIFE MARSHAL WILLENHOLLY! YOUR
text: C.L.I.T. DOESN'T STAND A CHANCE.
scene_heading: SURRENDER THE MONKEY IMMEDIATELY,
dialog: AND YOU WON'T GET SHOT!
scene_heading: INT. DINER--DAY
text: Jay, Suzanne, and Silent Bob peer over the top of their booth,
dialog: like scared rats.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck are you waiting for?
dialog: Go out there and give 'em the monkey.
text: Silent Bob looks to Jay, shocked.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh, what, man? I said that shit before
dialog: I knew they were gonna shoot us!
dialog: Yes--Jussy was a hottie, but I ain't
dialog: takin' no bullet for no monkey!
text: Bob pulls Suzanne close to him, welling up with tears. Jay
text: rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh, brother--this is like something
dialog: out of fucking Benji! Look man, maybe
dialog: it's not that bad back at the lab!
dialog: Maybe they experiment on 'em by,
dialog: like making 'em fuck a bunch of
dialog: different, good-looking monkeys. We
dialog: don't know! Maybe they got it real
dialog: sweet!
text: Suzanne shakes her head "no." Bob points to her, as if she's
dialog: strengthening his point.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to Suzanne)
dialog: You stay out of this, you weepy little
dialog: chimp!
dialog: (looks around thinking)
dialog: Fuck man, I ain't no strategist!
dialog: You're the guy that makes the
dialog: blueprints! I don't even have the
dialog: fucking smarts of a little--
text: Jay's eyes fall on a scared FAMILY in a nearby booth. There's
text: a little kid (around five or so), and he's wearing a hooded
text: sweatshirt and a baseball cap.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: --kid
scene_heading: EXT. DINER--DAY
text: Willenholly's on the bullhorn, yelling at the diner. The
text: Sheriff looks on.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
text: ANYONE NOT HARBORING A FUGITIVE MONKEY
text: BETTER HIT THE DECK! WE'RE GOING TO
speaker_heading: OPEN FIRE!
dialog: (to cops)
text: Everyone has bullets in their guns,
dialog: right?
text: Jay and Silent Bob emerge from the diner, with Suzanne between
text: them (they're holding her raised hands). She's now dressed
text: up in the sweatshirt and jeans the kid was wearing in the
text: diner, with the baseball cap pulled down over her face.
dialog: It's a pretty piss-poor disguise.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Don't shoot! We're just trying to
dialog: take our son out of this hostile
dialog: environment!
text: From behind the cop car, the Sheriff looks to Willenholly.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Their "son"?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Maybe they're one of those gay
dialog: couples?
text: Jay seizes on the idea. Silent Bob nods fervently.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah! We're gay! And this is our
dialog: adopted love child! We're not from
dialog: around here! Don't make us go back
dialog: to our liberal city home with a tales
dialog: of prejudice and bigotry in the heart
dialog: of Utah!
dialog: (whispers to Bob)
dialog: You see the shit I gotta put up with
dialog: for you! Now I got this guy thinking
dialog: I'm gay!
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Oh God, this is the last thing I
dialog: need--a bunch of uppity homosexuals
dialog: shooting their mouth off in the
dialog: liberal press that the Federal
dialog: Wildlife Marshal's Office persecutes
dialog: gays.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
text: ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY! THOSE TWO MAY
dialog: BE GAY, BUT THAT AIN'T THEIR SON!
dialog: THAT'S THE APE!
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: You see this badge? I think I'd
dialog: recognize an ape if I saw one. And
dialog: the only thing I do recognize here
dialog: is a political fiasco I'm, going to
dialog: avoid by letting this butt-fucking
dialog: Brady Bunch go!
text: Jay is whispering to Silent Bob, still vexed by--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And I'll tell you another thing:
dialog: what if that guy shows up around the
text: stores one day and starts telling
dialog: everybody you and me are poo-gilists?
dialog: How are we gonna get any pussy then,
dialog: hunh?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY (V.O.)
dialog: YOU ARE FREE TO LEAVE, SIRS!
text: Jay and Silent Bob look at each other, shocked. They look
text: back out at Willenholly, who's yards away. Jay points at
text: himself, as if to say, "Me?"
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (via bullhorn)
dialog: YES, YOU, SIRS.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (calling over)
dialog: So we can just go?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (via bullhorn)
dialog: Yes, sir--or ma'am. Please accept my
dialog: apologies for detaining you and your
dialog: unorthodox-but-constitutionally-
dialog: protected-family unit.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Un-fucking believable.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I'd like to offer a big gay thank-
dialog: you, sir. We'll tell all our gay
dialog: friends that Utah is Gay friendly
dialog: country for gays who are gay.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: I'm sure Utah appreciates that. You
dialog: might also want to make it clear
dialog: that the Federal Wildlife Marshal's
dialog: Office is also pro-'mo as well.
dialog: (winks at the sheriff)
dialog: And might I add, that's one fine-
dialog: looking boy you're raising.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Well, that's 'cuz he's from my sperm.
dialog: See, I knocked up a hot woman friend
dialog: of ours who I also fuck on the side.
dialog: So as not to be all-the-way-gay. But
dialog: my tubby husband here is one hundred
dialog: percent queer. He loves the cock.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
text: He certainly looks insatiable.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: 'Bye
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: 'Bye
text: Jay, silent Bob and Suzanne head off down the road.
text: Willenholly and all watch them go. The Sheriff is livid.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Well, it's not my way--but damned if
dialog: there doesn't go one happy family.
dialog: (balloon two)
dialog: Now, we just shoot some tear gas
dialog: into that diner, and when the two
dialog: guys run out with the monkey, we'll--
text: Willenholly suddenly freezes, thinking. He looks to the
dialog: Sheriff.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: That was the them, wasn't it?
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD--DAY
text: Jay, Silent Bob and Suzanne are laughing.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I said you "love the cock"! I gotta
dialog: be the craftiest motherfucker alive!
text: GUNSHOTS RING OUT, and bullets whiz by the trio, who are now
text: in full panic mode.
text: Willenholly and the Cops race after them, firing.
text: Jay, Bob and Suzanne race away, ducking bullets.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: FLEE, FAT-ASS, FLEE!!!
scene_heading: EXT. DAM ROAD--DAY
text: The trio race across what looks like a bridge (but isn't),
text: shots still ringing out. Jay spots a manhole. He points at
text: it, screaming.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: HEAD FOR THE SEWERS!
text: Silent Bob pops the cover off, With bullets ricocheting all
text: around them, Jay leaps into the manhole.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNEL
text: Jay lands in a sewer tunnel (like in The Fugitive). Suzanne
text: lands on top of him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Take your stinking paws off me, you
dialog: damn dirty ape!
dialog: (yelling up)
text: YO LUNCHBOX! HURRY UP!
scene_heading: EXT. DAM ROAD--DAY
text: Bullets hitting the pavement around him, Silent bob dives
text: into the sewer grate as well, but--
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNEL
text: Silent Bob gets stuck. Jay rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You fat fuck.
text: Silent Bob struggles while Jay and Suzanne try to pull him
text: through the hole.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You just--had to--order pancakes--
dialog: didn't ya?
scene_heading: EXT. DAM ROAD--SAME
text: CLOSER on the running Willenholly and Sheriff.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
text: Fire a warning shot into that bulbous
dialog: ass!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: One rectal breach, coming up!
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNEL--SAME
text: Jay and Suzanne pull with all their might. Bob strains.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: SUCK IT IN! THINK THIN! THINK THIN!!!
scene_heading: EXT. DAM ROAD--SAME
text: TIGHT on the Sheriff, as he squints to aim.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Open up and say "ahhhhh," you stoner
dialog: sumbitch--
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNEL--SAME
text: TIGHT on Silent Bob bellowing.
speaker_heading: SILENT BOB
text: AAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!
scene_heading: EXT. DAM ROAD--DAY
text: The Sheriff's gun fires.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNEL--SAME
text: Jay and Suzanne fall backwards, as Silent Bob pops through.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: INCOMING!!!
speaker_heading: SILENT BOB
text: AAAIIIGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!
speaker_heading: SUZANNE
text: OOOOOOOOO!!!
scene_heading: EXT. DAM ROAD--DAY
text: The bullet ricochets off the curb, as Silent Bob's feet slip
dialog: through.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNEL--SAME
text: Jay, Silent Bob, and Suzanne are in various states of
text: collapse. Jay and Bob look up at the hole.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Just like Winnie-the-Pooh.
scene_heading: EXT. DAM ROAD--DAY
text: Willenholly and the Sheriff arrive at the manhole.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Wow! That was an incredibly daring
dialog: escape!
dialog: (to Sheriff)
dialog: You must see that a lot, hunh?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Sire, you're very taciturn.
text: Willenholly starts rolling up his sleeves as the sheriff
text: looks on.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: You and your men stay up here. When
dialog: I corner them, I'll call you for
dialog: back-up.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: What're you doing? They're trapped.
dialog: The only way they can get out of
dialog: there is right here.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: A Federal Wildlife Marshal doesn't
text: wait for his prey to come to him. He
dialog: comes to it. Or goes to it. Is it
dialog: "comes to it" or "goes to it"?
dialog: (shakes it off)
dialog: I'm going in there. I'm counting on
dialog: you Sheriff.
text: Willenholly embraces the Sheriff.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: You've taught me so much.
text: Willenholly then climbs into the sewer, disappearing. The
text: Cops look at the Sheriff for a beat, who heads O.C. saying--
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Fuck this asshole. Let's go back to
dialog: the station and get some donuts.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNEL--DAY
text: TIGHT on Jay, Bob, and Suzanne, looking into the distance,
text: bathed by natural light. We HEAR the loud sounds of water
text: rushing.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: This reminds me of the night I fucked
dialog: your mom, yo. One big-wet, smelly,
dialog: gaping hole, and me wishing I had a
dialog: board tied to my ass--
text: PULL BACK to reveal Jay, Silent Bob and Suzanne standing at
text: the precipice of the sewer tunnel that pokes out of a DAM.
text: Water rushed below.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: --to keep from falling in.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
text: PUT THE MONKEY DOWN AND YOUR HANDS
dialog: UP!
text: Willenholly aims his gun at the trio's backs.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: MISTERS, DO YOU WANNA GET SHOT?!?
text: Our heroes comply, but Jay speaks.
speaker_heading: JAY
scene_heading: LOOK MAN--SHE DOESN'T WANT TO GO
text: BACK! THEY'RE EXPERIMENTING ON HER!
dialog: (beat)
text: AND FOR THE RECORD, I AIN'T REALLY
speaker_heading: GAY!
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: I DON'T CARE!
dialog: (beat)
text: AND FOR THE RECORD, I KNEW THAT WASN'T
text: REALLY A LITTLE BOY.
speaker_heading: JAY
scene_heading: SURE, FOR ONE MORE RECORD--
dialog: (pointing to Silent
dialog: Bob)
dialog: HE LOVES COCK!
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: ON YOUR KNEES!
text: Jay and Silent Bob face Willenholly and kneel. But Suzanne's
text: still looking out of the dam.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: See, man?! He's lining us up like
dialog: fucking circus seals! Well, I'm going
dialog: first--I don't want no mouthful of
dialog: monkey-spit when I gotta blow this
dialog: fucking G-Man.
text: TIGHT on Suzanne, who's looking down at the raging water
text: below. Her brow hardens with purpose.
text: TIGHT on Suzanne's right hand grabbing Jay's right hand.
text: TIGHT on Suzanne's left hand grabbing Bob's left hand.
text: Suzanne leaps forward at us, pulling Jay and Silent Bob
dialog: backwards.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: GET OFFA ME!!! GET OFFA ME!!!
scene_heading: EXT. DAM--DAY
text: Suzanne leaps from the mouth of the tunnel, dragging Jay and
text: Bob with her.
speaker_heading: JAY AND BOB
text: AAAAIIIGGGGGHHHHH!!!
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNEL--DAY
text: Willenholly goes wide-eyed, holstering his gun.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Oh, no--think you can pull a Peter
dialog: Pan on me?!
text: He races toward the mouth of the tunnel and leaps out as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
text: AAAIIIGGGGHHHHH!!!
scene_heading: EXT. DAM--DAY
text: As Willenholly plummets, he passes Suzanne hanging by her
text: feet off a pipe that pokes out from beneath the mouth of the
text: tunnel. She's hanging upside down, holding Jay and Silent
text: Bob's hands.
speaker_heading: JAY
scene_heading: HEY LAW-DOG! SEE YOU IN HELL, COCK--
dialog: SMOKER!!!
scene_heading: EXT. DAM BOTTOM--DAY
text: Willenholly plummets toward the water below and ker-splashes
text: into the drink.
scene_heading: EXT. DAM--DAY
text: Suzanne has pulled Jay and Silent Bob back into the mouth of
dialog: the tunnel.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You see that shit? Damn--remind me
dialog: not to get on the monkey's bad side.
dialog: Yo--boost her up. So we can talk, so
dialog: we can get the fuck out of here.
text: Silent Bob lifts Suzanne over the tunnel onto the--
scene_heading: EXT. DAM ROAD--DAY
text: --pavement near the manhole. She sits there, looking down.
scene_heading: EXT. DAM--DAY
text: Silent Bob lifts Jay over the top of the tunnel toward the
dialog: road,
scene_heading: EXT. DAM ROAD--DAY
text: Suzanne sits by the side of the road. A car pulls into the
dialog: shot.
text: Jay and Silent Bob climb over the cliff onto the highway
dialog: just in time to see--
text: The passenger door slamming on a TRUCK with Los Angeles plates
text: and a sign that reads CRITTERS OF HOLLYWOOD. Suzanne is
text: looking out the back window waving. Jay and Bob leap to
text: their feet, chasing after the truck.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: HEY! GET THE FUCK OFF HER, MAN! THAT'S
scene_heading: MY EX-GIRLFRIEND'S MONKEY?!
text: The truck speeds away in the distance. Jay and Silent Bob
text: stand there, panting.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Man! Who the fuck just steals a
dialog: monkey?!
text: Silent Bob indicates themselves.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh yeah.
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Well this fucking blows! We got one
dialog: more day to stop those fucks from
dialog: making that movie, and someone goes
dialog: and takes the only thing I had left
dialog: from the one woman I ever loved enough
dialog: NOT to try to stick my hand down her
dialog: pants!
text: Silent Bob mimes that they should go after Suzanne.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Go after the monkey? How the fuck
dialog: are we supposed to know where that
dialog: thing's going?
text: Silent Bob mimes in the direction the car went. Jay stares
text: at him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What? What is that supposed to mean?!
dialog: Don't just fucking point like--
dialog: (imitates him)
dialog: You ain't the broad in the Children
dialog: of a Lesser God. Use you fucking
dialog: mouth for more than eating, ya tubby
dialog: bitch!
text: Bob starts an elaborate pantomime. Jay tries to guess what
dialog: he's saying.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You gotta take a shit? No--you gotta
dialog: take a salad? Take a salad? What the
dialog: fuck are you trying to say?
text: Bob's on the verge of tears, trying to mime out his message.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: JUST FUCKING SAY IT ALREADY?!?
text: Silent Bob grabs Jay and screams into his face.
speaker_heading: SILENT BOB
text: THE SIGN ON THE BACK OF THE CAR SAID
text: CRITTERS OF HOLLYWOOD, YOU DUMB
dialog: FUCK!!!
text: Bob releases Jay, breathing heavily and storms off in the
text: direction of the car went. Jay watched him go for a beat,
text: then follows, muttering under his breath--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Say it, don't spray it, bitch.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE--DAY
text: AN ESTABLISHING SHOT.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF (O.S.)
dialog: "And might I add, that's one fine-
dialog: looking boy you're raising."
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE--DAY
text: The Sheriff and his men stand around, eating donuts, laughing.
text: The Station doors slam open, and Willenholly enters, soaking
text: wet. All the Cops stare at him.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Well, if it isn't the wildlife
dialog: experts. Did you come to it or go to
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Do you have a microwave here, Sheriff?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: We have a toaster oven. Why?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Because I need to dry my gun out so
dialog: I can SHOOT YOU WITH IT ! TWICE!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: This might cheer you up.
dialog: (hands him paper)
dialog: Your office just faxed this over.
dialog: Guy there say it's a post from an
text: Internet chat board, signed by a
dialog: "Jay and Silent Bob." Your man thinks
dialog: it's a lead as to where those fellas
dialog: are taking the ape.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "All you motherfuckers are gonna
dialog: pay. You are the ones who are ball-
dialog: lickers. We're gonna fuck your
dialog: mothers while you watch and cry like
dialog: little bitches. Once we get to
dialog: Hollywood--"
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: They're going to Hollywood.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD--MONTAGE
text: We take a quick visual tour of the city, including the sign,
text: the line of front of Krispy Kreme, the line in front of Coffee
text: Bean and Tea Leaf, the Simpson star in the Walk- of- Fame,
text: the Rocky and Bullwinkle statue, the Beverly Center, Jerry's
text: Famous Deli, the Hollywood and Vine sign, Mann's Chinese
text: Theatre, the Star Wars footprints outside of Mann's, the
text: Chateau Marmont, people on cell phones, Trashy Lingerie.
text: HOOKERS propositioning a potential JOHN, and finally--
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD BLVD--DAY
text: We start on the street sign, and PAN DOWN to a JEEP WRANGLER
text: that pulls up. A gorgeous woman in sunglasses drives, with
text: Silent Bob sitting in the back seat. After a beat, Jay pops
text: up from under the dash, wiping his mouth, looking around.
text: The Woman sighs, and zips up her pants. Jay and Bob hop out
text: and wave to the Woman as the car pulls away. Bob offers Jay
dialog: a look.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What? It's not like it's cheating.
dialog: Justice blew up.
text: Two HOOKERS approach them.
speaker_heading: HOOKER 1
dialog: Hey, little man. You want some of
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: HOOKER 2
dialog: How about you, Big Boy?
speaker_heading: HOOKER 1
dialog: If you've got fifty bucks we can get
dialog: nasty.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh yeah? How nasty?
speaker_heading: HOOKER 2
dialog: As nasty as you wanna be, poppie.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Alright--first, I'll want to tongue
dialog: your bung while you juggle my balls
dialog: in one hand and play with my asshole
dialog: with the other. But don't stick you
dialog: finger in. Then. I'll wanna pinky
dialog: you and put it in your friend's brown,
text: while Silent Bob spanks into a Dixie
dialog: cup. After that, I'll wanna smell
dialog: your titties, for a while, and you
dialog: can pull my nutsack up over my dick,
dialog: so it looks like a Bullfrog. Then I
dialog: want you to flick at my nuts while
dialog: your friend spanks me into the same
text: Dixie cup Silent Bob jizzed in. Then
text: we throw the Dixie cup out.
text: The Hookers look at him, dumbfounded, Then--
speaker_heading: HOOKER 1
dialog: Oh, that's it honey. I quit.
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: This job just passed the point of no
dialog: return.
speaker_heading: HOOKER 2
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: You one fucked up puppy, poppie.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (watching them go)
dialog: What?! You said 'nasty'?
dialog: (shakes his head; to
dialog: Bob)
dialog: Man, chicks in Hollywood are so stuck
dialog: up.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD BLVD.--LATER
text: Jay and Silent Bob walk.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Alright, here's the plan: first, we
dialog: find out where they're shooting that
dialog: movie at. After we shut that shit
dialog: down, we can start looking for the
dialog: monkey. But before we do any of that
dialog: shit, we gotta find a motherfucker
dialog: in the know. Someone who's like, the
dialog: mayor of Hollywood.
text: They pass a DEALER leaning against a wall, trying to make a
dialog: sale.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: (subtly)
dialog: Crack? You want some crack? Sweet-
dialog: ass rock. Get you high.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: No man, but you want some weed?
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You on the job?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (pulling out a card)
dialog: Yeah, boy. Jersey Local 408.
text: CLOSE ON THE CARD. It reads: UNITED JERSEY BROTHERHOOD OF
scene_heading: DEALERS, LOCAL 408.
text: There's a graphic of a stoner beside it.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: I'm Los Angeles Local 305!
text: They shake hands, slapping each other on the back like Union
dialog: brothers.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: You guys got medical in Jersey yet?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Shit, no, we might have to strike in
dialog: September.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Norma Rae like a motherfucker. You
dialog: gots to get your benefits, you know
dialog: what I'm saying?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I hear that. Yo--maybe you can help
dialog: us out. You know where they're
dialog: shooting a movie around here.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: You in this town and you gonna ask
dialog: that question? Be a little more
dialog: specific.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: It's a Miramax flick. We gotta bust
dialog: it up so people stop calling us names
dialog: on the Internet, even though they're
dialog: not really talking about us but these
dialog: characters based on us, and at the
dialog: same time, find my ex-girlfriend-who-
dialog: got-killed-in-a-car-explosion's
dialog: monkey.
text: Jay exhales. The Dealer stares at him for a beat.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: I don't know that the fuck you just
dialog: said, little kid. But you touched a
dialog: brother's heart, so I'm gonna help
dialog: you out with some directions to the
dialog: studio.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You know where Miramax is at?
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Fuck, yes. Miramax accounts for
dialog: seventy-eight percent of my business.
scene_heading: INT. E! ENTERTAINMENT NEWS--DAY
text: After E! news logo plays. CUT TO STEVE KMETKO in studio.
speaker_heading: STEVE KMETKO
dialog: Is Hollywood ready for Jay and Silent
dialog: Bob? A source at the Federal Wildlife
dialog: Marshal's Office tells us a posting
dialog: was pulled off an Internet movie
dialog: chat board that was allegedly written
dialog: by the two domestic terrorists
text: themselves. It's sending a shockwave
dialog: through Hollywood. Jules Asner's on
dialog: the scene at Miramax Studios, Jules?
text: Jules Asner is in front of the Miramax Studios main gate.
speaker_heading: JULES ASNER
dialog: Steve, the tenor of Tinseltown is
dialog: one of terror today, after the Federal
dialog: Wildlife Marshal's Office learned
dialog: that hot, new terrorists Jay and
dialog: Silent Bob are targeting Miramax
dialog: Studios for their next campaign of
dialog: blood, violence and monkey-theft. In
dialog: the posting, pulled off Movie Poop
dialog: Shoot.com, the gruesome twosome
dialog: threatened, quote--
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Once we get to Hollywood and find
dialog: those Miramax Expletive-Deleted who
dialog: are making the Bluntman and Chronic
dialog: movie, we're gonna make 'em eat our
dialog: Expletive-Deleted, then Expletive-
dialog: Deleted, which is made up of our
dialog: Expletive-Deleted, then eat their
dialog: Expletive-Deleted, which is made up
dialog: of our Expletive-Deleted that we
dialog: made 'em eat. Unquote. So far, we
dialog: haven't been able to get a statement
dialog: from anyone here are the studio.
text: BACK TO STEVE in the E! Studio.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Jules, word has it that Ben Affleck
text: and Matt Damon are on the lot,
text: shooting a super-secret project.
dialog: Have you seen then roaming around?
text: BACK TO JULES at Miramax Studios.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: No, Steve. But I did see Casey Affleck
text: buying a soda at a concession stand
dialog: earlier.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: But no sign of Jay and Silent Bob?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: None whatsoever. However, to be fair,
dialog: all the feds have to work with is
text: murky videotape, so no one's even a
dialog: hundred percent sure what Jay and
dialog: Silent Bob look like, exactly. For
dialog: all we know, they could already be
text: on the lot.
text: As Jules speaks, Jay and Bob walk into the frame behind her,
text: looking up at the studio sign. They then notice the camera
text: and start waving behind Jules.
scene_heading: INT. SEEDY MOTEL ROOM--DAY
text: Justice goes wide-eyed, seeing Jay and Bob on E! She hops
text: out of her seat.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Oh my God! Jay! No!
text: Justice looks around, panicky. Her eyes fall on--
text: The diamonds, sitting atop the satchel on the table.
text: Justice looks at the diamonds, then the TV screen. She thinks
dialog: for a beat, then--
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Fuck it.
text: She pours the diamonds into the satchel, and shoves it in
text: her pocket.
scene_heading: INT. SEEDY MOTEL BEDROOM--DAY
text: The door slowly opens in the dark bedroom, and Justice crawls
text: to the bedside table, reaching for a set of keys. In the
text: bed, Missy and Chrissy make out under the sheets, moaning.
text: Sissy's banging the Pizza Delivery Guy against the vanity.
text: Justice grabs the keys, leaving a note in their place. As
text: she crawls back out, we PUSH IN on the note, which reads:
scene_heading: SORRY, GUYS--BUT I LOVE HIM.
scene_heading: EXT. SEEDY MOTEL PARKING LOT--DAY
text: The convertible skids out, taking off.
scene_heading: INT. SEEDY MOTEL HALLWAY--DAY
text: There's a loud scream, then Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy rush
text: down the stairs (in varied states of undress and sheet-wrap).
text: Wiping their mouths. Sissy holds Justices's note.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: That bitch! That fucking, fucking
dialog: bitch!!!
dialog: (to girls)
dialog: Get dressed. We're going after her.
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Fuck that, I didn't get to cum yet.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Which is more important to you: a
dialog: fortune in diamonds or busting a
dialog: nut?
text: Sissy and Missy race back up the stairs. Chrissy stands there
text: still, shrugs, then digs her hand into her panties.
speaker_heading: SISSY (O.S.)
dialog: Chrissy! Now!
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Fuck--
text: Chrissy races back up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. MIRAMAX STUDIOS-DAY
text: The E! NEWS CREW packs up. Jay and Silent Bob study the main
text: gate. They watch the SECURITY GUARD approach a car that's
text: just pulled up. The Guard checks the driver's pass, then
text: lifts the gate to let the car through. Jay looks to Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: We gotta play this right.
text: Bob nods, After a beat, the pair tear-ass past the guard
text: booth. The GUARD leaps out of the booth, blowing a whistle
text: and giving chase.
scene_heading: EXT. STUDIO LOT--DAY
text: Jay and Bob race around the building toward what looks like
text: an open alley then smash into it, falling down. The open
text: alley is a background painting that's being moved by some
text: SCENICS. Jay and Bob get up, shaking off the impact.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I hate how fake Hollywood is.
text: The SECURITY GUARD catches up to them now, grabbing them by
text: their shoulders, spinning them around.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Where do you think you're going?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: GET OFFA ME! RAAAAAPE!!!
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: This is L.A., sir. We don't rape our
dialog: suspects in custody. We just beat
dialog: them.
dialog: (into walkie-talkie)
dialog: Echo Base, I've got a ten-o-seven
text: here: two unauthorizeds on the lot.
dialog: Request back-up.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (from walkie-talkie)
dialog: I thought that was a ten-eighty-two.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: No, sir--a ten-eight-two is the code
dialog: for vanishing a dead hooker from Ben
text: Affleck's trailer.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (from walkie-talkie)
dialog: Oh, that Affleck. Backup on the way.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey! I make you a deal: this guy'll
dialog: suck your dick off if you let us go!
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Contrary to what you believe, not
dialog: everyone in the movie business is
dialog: gay.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Well, how about this deal: he sucks
dialog: my dick while you watch and jerk
dialog: off.
text: The Security Guard stops, looks around, then releases them,
text: reaching into his pants.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Alright. But make is fast. And sexy.
text: Silent Bob looks at Jay, wide-eyed and scared.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Dude, it's either this or jail. And
dialog: you know what they make you do in
dialog: jail.
text: Silent Bob wells up with tears, slowly dropping to his knees,
text: reaching for Jay's pants. The Security guard bends down low
text: to watch at crotch-level. Suddenly, Jay hammers his two fists
text: into the Security Guard's neck, knocking him out. Silent
text: Bob falls into a sitting position on the ground, relieved.
text: Jay looks at him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Well what are you waiting for, bitch?
dialog: Start sucking. Bunnggg!
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Alright--where they shooting this
dialog: movie at?
text: Silent Bob points behind Jay, at the SOUNDSTAGE they're in
text: front of. There's a LINE OF PEOPLE waiting at the door.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: Worth a shot. Like a shot in the
dialog: mouth, you gay bitch. Eww, dude--you
dialog: were really gonna suck my dick.
text: Silent Bob shakes his head "no," wide-eyed as Jay heads off.
text: When Jay's out of frame, Silent bob shrugs like, "Yeah--I
dialog: guess I was."
scene_heading: EXT. SOUNDSTAGE--DAY
text: Jay and Bob approach the line, as an A.D. calls out to the
dialog: crowd.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: Alright--bar extras. Follow me.
text: The A.D. starts leading the crowd in. Jay and Bob blend in
dialog: and follow inside.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY--DAY
text: An official-looking car tears down the road.
scene_heading: INT. CAR--SAME
text: Willenholly drives, dialing his cell phone.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: Federal Bureau of Investigation
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Yes, this is Federal Wildlife Marshal
dialog: Willenholly. Can I speak with Agent
dialog: Sid Enmarty, please?
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE
dialog: One moment, please.
scene_heading: INT. AGENT ENMARTY'S OFFICE--SAME
text: AGENT SID ENMARTY works at his desk.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Agent Enmarty? A Marshal Willenholly
dialog: calling.
speaker_heading: AGENT SID
dialog: (perking up)
dialog: Holy shit! Yeah, put him through.
dialog: (calling off)
text: YO! INCOMING BITCH BOY PHONER!
text: Two other AGENTS rush in, chuckling. All gather around the
text: phone as Sid presses the speaker button.
speaker_heading: AGENT SID
dialog: Willenholly?
scene_heading: BEGIN CROSS-CUTTING WITH WILLENHOLLY.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Sid? Hey, buddy. I'm calling because
dialog: I could really use your help on this
dialog: killer case I'm working.
speaker_heading: AGENT SID
dialog: I'll bet, Will. What's it this time...
dialog: Beaver trouble? Some kind of
dialog: unauthorized marsupial trafficking?
text: The agents crack up, stifling their laughter.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (taking it in stride)
dialog: No, no--nothing like that. Say--there
dialog: aren't other people listening in,
dialog: are there?
speaker_heading: AGENT SID
dialog: No way, man. It's just me and you
dialog: talking here.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Good. I'm tracking a monkey down
dialog: that's on it's way to Los Angeles,
dialog: and I could use some bureau backup.
speaker_heading: AGENT SID
dialog: Los Angeles, hunh? Maybe we should
text: stake out Clint Eastwood's place.
dialog: Didn't he used to drive around with
dialog: a monkey that'd punch people and
dialog: drink beer?
text: The Agents crack up. Willenholly's catching on.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Am, uh--Am I on speaker phone?
speaker_heading: AGENT SID
dialog: No way--Dunston!
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Alright, now that's not fair. I know
dialog: I didn't make it as high up as you
dialog: guys, but my job's just as important.
speaker_heading: AGENT SID
dialog: Calm down, Will. Don't go all...
dialog: bananas on us!
text: The Agents crack up even more, Willenholly's pissed.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: I come to you as a friend--as a fellow
dialog: professional--and this is the shit I
dialog: get?!
speaker_heading: AGENT SID
dialog: You're right, Will. Tell you what--
dialog: we'll get our best man on your case
dialog: right away. You might've heard of
dialog: him. He's a doctor.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Oh, a doctor?
speaker_heading: AGENT SID
dialog: His name's Doctor Zaius!
text: The Agents laugh hysterically, pounding the desk, Willenholly
text: tears up, enraged.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: SCREW YOU GUYS!
text: Willenholly throws his cell phone across the car, the mocking
text: laughter still emitting from it. Willenholly cries.
scene_heading: EXT. MIRAMAX STUDIOS LOT--DAY
text: The Red Light FLASHES outside the soundstage.
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE--SAME
text: Jay and silent Bob stand amidst a line of EXTRAS. Silent Bob
text: looks O.C. goes wide-eyed, and pokes Jay, pointing O.C. Jay
dialog: looks and sees--
text: A COLLEGE BAR set that looks like the College Bar from Good
text: Will Hunting, complete with CLARK (the stuffy college jerk).
text: MATT DAMON stands off to the side, loosening up for the scene.
text: BEN AFFLECK calls to the O.C. DIRECTOR.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Where are we taking it from, Gus?
text: Gus Van Sant sits off to the side, counting a stack of money.
text: He just shrugs.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: I'm busy.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You're a true artist, Gus
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Just take it from "It's a good
dialog: course."
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh, now you're the director.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hey, shove it. Bounce-boy. Let's
dialog: remember who talked who into doing
dialog: this shit in the first place. Talking
dialog: me into Dogma was one thing, but
dialog: this--
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I'm sorry this is taking you away
dialog: from whatever-gay-killers-on-horses-
dialog: who-like-to-play-golf-touchy-feely-
dialog: flick you're supposed to be doing
dialog: this week.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Oh--I'm touchy-feely? I take it you
dialog: never saw Forces of Nature?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You're like a child. What've I been
dialog: telling you? Sometimes you've gotta
dialog: do the safe picture. Sometimes, you
dialog: do it for art. Sometimes, it's the
dialog: payback picture your friend says you
dialog: owe him--
text: They take a beat and look at the camera. Then--
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: And sometimes, you go back to the
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: And sometimes, you do Reindeer Games.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Now that's just mean.
text: Jay turns excitedly to Bob.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: This has gotta be the Bluntman Flick,
dialog: 'cause that's those two fucks from
dialog: that Mork movie! Now all we gotta do
dialog: is figure out a way to get close to
dialog: them--
text: The A.D. grabs Jay and Bob by the arms and drags them onto
text: the set, placing them near Ben and Matt in the scene.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: Just stand there and react. Don't
dialog: say anything.
text: Bob goes a little wide-eyed. Jay smiles at him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (off A.D.'s comment)
dialog: That's pretty funny.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Alright, people. Lock it up. Let's
dialog: go for picture.
text: Jay and Bob eye Ben and Matt fiercely, Ben and Matt are
dialog: oblivious.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: On the count of three, we rush those
dialog: fucks and beat the shit out of 'em.
dialog: 'Cause if they're all fucked up,
dialog: they can't make the move, right?
dialog: Alright, then. One--two--
speaker_heading: CLAPPER/LOADER (O.S.)
dialog: Good Will Hunting Two: Hunting Season.
text: Jay and Bob freeze and look at each other, then O.C.
text: The Clapper/Loader holds a clapboard in front of Ben's face.
dialog: It does indeed, read: Good Will Hunting 2: Hunting Season.
speaker_heading: CLAPPER/LOADER
dialog: Scene sixteen, take five.
text: The Clapper/Loader claps the board closed and races off. Ben
text: looks to Gus.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Action, Gus?
text: Gus looks up from counting his money.
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Jesus, Ben--I said I'm busy.
text: Ben shakes his head and then starts the scene with CLARK.
speaker_heading: BEN/CHUCKIE
dialog: You should check it out, it's a good
dialog: course. But, you know, frankly, I
dialog: found the class rather elementary.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: You know, I don't doubt that it was.
dialog: I remember that class. It was just
text: between recess and lunch.
speaker_heading: BEN/CHUCKIE
dialog: Are we gonna have a problem, again?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: There's no problem. I was still just
dialog: hoping you might give me some insight
dialog: into the evolution of the market
dialog: economy in the Southern Colonies.
dialog: See, Wood says--
speaker_heading: MATT/WILL
dialog: (stepping in)
dialog: What'd I say? Didn't I say you'd be
dialog: back here regurgitating Gordon Wood.
dialog: But you forgot about Vickers--
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: No, I just read Vickers, so I'm up
dialog: on inherited wealth, Hunting. But
dialog: you're not the angry, brilliant young
dialog: mind you once were, just itching to
dialog: vent your frustrations.
text: In the background, Jay and Silent Bob get bored and head out
text: of the shot. After a beat, they get pushed back in by the
dialog: A.D.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Once Sean told you it wasn't your
dialog: fault, you lost the edge, William.
dialog: You stopped hitting the books with a
dialog: vengeance, and now I've read shit
dialog: you haven't even heard about yet.
dialog: Face facts, my friend--love made you
text: a soft little pussy boy, unable to
text: stand up to an academic showdown,
dialog: like you used to. You're just no
dialog: longer that good--Will Hunting.
dialog: (gets in his face)
dialog: Now how do you like them apples?
text: Matt/Will turns away angrily, facing Ben/Chuckie, looking
text: downwards, steaming.
speaker_heading: BEN/CHUCKIE
dialog: I don't like the sound of them apples.
dialog: Will, what're we gonna do now?
speaker_heading: MATT/WILL
dialog: Chuckie--
dialog: (snarling)
dialog: It's Hunting season.
text: Matt/Will spins to face Clark with two huge guns in his hands.
text: He blows Clark away, Jay and Bob hit the deck. Matt/Will
text: stands there, guns smoking.
speaker_heading: BEN/CHUCKIE
dialog: Apple sauce, bitch.
text: Suddenly the door to the soundstage swings open, and the
text: Security guard Jay knocked out rushes in, followed by other
text: SECURITY GUARDS who comb the place.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Sorry to interrupt, sirs, but have a
dialog: ten-oh-seven on our hands.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Wait a second! I wasn't with any
dialog: hookers today!
text: The Security Guard sees Jay and Bob crouched behind Ben, He
text: points, screaming.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: THERE THEY ARE!
text: Ben and Matt turn to Jay and Bob, Jay smiles.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Affleck, you're the bomb in Phantoms,
dialog: yo.
text: Jay and Bob then race out-of-frame, closely followed by the
text: Security guards. Matt head off, arms thrown in the air.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: If anyone's looking for me, I'll be
dialog: in my trailer trying to figure out
dialog: how I got here from an Academy Award.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUNDSTAGE--DAY
text: Jay and Bob rush out, pulling a bench in front of the door,
text: blocking it. They race ten feet to another soundstage across
text: from them and head inside a door.
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE--SAME
text: Jay and Silent Bob rush in to see--
text: Wes Craven getting ready to direct a scene with a familiar-
text: looking GHOSTFACE KILLER and SHANNEN DOHERTY. The
text: Clapper/Loader's clapboard reads: Scream 4
speaker_heading: CLAPPER/LOADER
dialog: Scream four, scene thirty-seven,
dialog: take one.
text: (claps it and rushes
dialog: off)
speaker_heading: WES CRAVEN
dialog: Action!
text: The Killer chases Shannen around the room, falling over stuff,
text: until she hits him with a lamp, knocking him out.
speaker_heading: SHANNEN DOHERTY
dialog: Alright, you bastard! Let's see who
dialog: you really are!
text: Shannen pulls the mask off the short performer to reveal
speaker_heading: SUZANNE.
text: Jay and Silent Bob go wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: SHANNEN DOHERTY
dialog: Fucking Miramax--
dialog: (getting up)
speaker_heading: CUT!
text: Shannen heads over to Wes, holding the mask.
speaker_heading: WES CRAVEN
dialog: Shannen, usually I say "cut."
speaker_heading: SHANNEN DOHERTY
dialog: A monkey? Jesus, you guys aren't
dialog: even trying anymore, are you?
speaker_heading: WES CRAVEN
dialog: The market research suggest that
dialog: people love monkeys.
text: Jay and Silent Bob rush in, grab Suzanne.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: WE LOVE THIS MONKEY!
text: They rush out. West shrugs to Shannen.
speaker_heading: WES CRAVEN
dialog: See?
text: Security Guards race through, chasing after the exited pair.
scene_heading: EXT. LOT--DAY
text: Jay and Bob race through the lot, with Bob carrying Suzanne.
text: On a fake New York city street, another movie is shooting.
text: The trio, bob and weave through the shoot, until--
text: At the end of the alley, a set GOLF CART pulls up, and four
text: Security Guards pile out, forming a human wall, blocking
text: their path. Jay and Bob stop dead, looking back to see the
text: other Security Guards gaining.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck are we gonna do?
text: Just then, a P.A. on a bike pulls up nearby. He ditches the
text: bike and grabs papers from the large hanging basket in front.
text: Jay and Bob look at each other, race over to the bike, and
text: jump on, putting Suzanne in the basket. They start pedaling
text: away furiously, closely followed by the Security Guard posse.
text: Silent Bob peddles like mad, racing toward the Golf Cart.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: PUNCH IT!!!
text: Bob pops a wheelie and the Bike races up the front of the
text: vehicle, taking flight,
text: Below, the Security Guards stare in awe as--
text: Jay and Silent Bob atop the bike--with Suzanne in the front
text: basket--go past a moon (on a billboard, on the side of a
dialog: soundstage) a la E.T.
text: Jay and Bob look down, then at each other. They smile. Then
text: they look ahead and let out a scream.
text: The bike crashes through a window in the side of a Soundstage
dialog: Building.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM--DAY
text: The Bike lands, and Jay and Bob, and Suzanne go tumbling
text: onto the floor covered in glass. They look up to see.
text: JAMES VAN DER BEEK AND JASON BIGGS dressed as Jay and Silent
text: Bob, looking down as them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Holy shit--that looked like it hurt.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Are you guys alright?
dialog: (off Suzanne)
dialog: Hey! They've got a monkey!
text: Jay and Bob look at their twins, then at each other.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo, I think that shit just kicked
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Let's get you guys on your feet.
text: James and Jason help Jay and Silent Bob to their feet. All
text: stare at one another, perplexed,
dialog: Then--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to James)
dialog: See man? Its never, "Hey--you were
dialog: in Loser, or, "Dude--you rocked in
dialog: Boys and Girls." It always comes
dialog: back to that fucking pie! I'm haunted
dialog: by it.!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well, you put your dick in a pie,
dialog: dude--
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Enough!
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: Jason Biggs.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo-you really get to third base with
dialog: the Russsian chick like you did in
dialog: the movies?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You mean Shannon? Sadly, no.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: She's fucking hot, man. If I was
dialog: you, I'd been like--
text: Jay mimes a series of sexual maneuvers. Jason and James look
text: on, bewildered.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (off James's-look)
dialog: What, man? You never did one of these?
text: Jay starts miming again, and suddenly stops, staring at James,
text: blown away.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Holy shit? You're the Dawson!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's James, actually. James Van Der
dialog: Beek.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo, what's up with Pacey stealing
dialog: Joey away from you? If I was you, I
dialog: would've drowned his ass in your
dialog: Creek and shit!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I know, Because what--is Josh better
dialog: looking than me? Fuck, no. I mean,
dialog: who on earth is better looking that
dialog: me? I ask you.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Joey, man! She's too fine! Yo--did
dialog: you ever get to third base with her?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well, there was this one time--
dialog: (catching himself)
dialog: Wait a second--who are you guys?!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: They're our stunt doubles, dumbass.
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Stunt doubles for what?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The movie we start shooting in a few
dialog: minutes--Bluntman and Chronic Strike
dialog: Back.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: You're doubling me. I'm playing
dialog: Bluntman, AKA Silent Bill.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Bob
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Right. And he's playing Chronic. AKA
dialog: Ray.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Jay! Shit, did you even read the
dialog: script?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: There's a script?
text: Jay and Bob stare at them, blankly. Then Jay puts up his
text: finger, indicating they should wait a minute. He gets into a
text: huddle with Silent Bob and Suzanne.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: These are the guys who are playing
dialog: us, yo. We take them out, and bickety-
dialog: bam! No movie.
text: Silent Bob nods at Jay, then Suzanne. Suzanne heads off,
text: leaving Jay and Bob to huddle.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (off Jay and Bob, to
dialog: James)
dialog: What's with the weird, gay huddle
dialog: going on over there?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What's gay about it? It's two guys
dialog: talking in a corner. Man--why are
dialog: you such a homophobe.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I'm not a homophobe.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You are. You're always calling things
dialog: gay. "Ooo--look at the gay huddle,
dialog: dude!"
text: Suzanne approaches them.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hey--look at the monkey.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Next you're going to tell me the
dialog: monkey's gay.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: He's so cute--
dialog: (to Suzanne)
dialog: C'mere. Monkey. C'mere--
text: Suzanne pulls Jason and James out of the frame.
text: While Jay and Silent Bob continue to huddle, the sounds of a
text: beating are heard, O.C.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Alright, here's what we do: start
dialog: swinging, and don't stop until those
dialog: young Hollywood fucks are out of
dialog: commission. Ready? Break!
text: Jay and Bob spin to face Jason and James--only to go wide-
text: eyed. Suzanne stands atop the fallen actors, who are bloodied
text: and beaten and knocked out cold. She holds her hands skyward,
text: clasped like a champion.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That's one funky monkey.
text: Suddenly there's a banging at the door of the dressing room.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Mister Biggs? Mister Van... Der--
dialog: Beek? This is Security. We've got a
text: pair of intruders at large, and they
dialog: crashed through a window we thought
dialog: might be yours.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to door; deepening
dialog: voice)
dialog: Uh--yeah. They're in here.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Do they have you hostage? Should we
dialog: call your publicists?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: NO! I mean, we kicked those guys'
text: asses bad. They're--knocked out.
scene_heading: EXT. DRESSING ROOM--SAME
text: The Security Guards stand outside a door marked James.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Great work, sirs! If you let us in,
dialog: we'll take over--
speaker_heading: JAY (O.S.)
dialog: (through door)
dialog: NO! Me and Jason Biggs are naked in
dialog: here! Together!
text: The Security guard look at one another.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Uh--okay. We'll just be--outside the
dialog: door, sirs.
text: The Security Guards stifle a laugh, as one makes a blow job
text: face to the rest.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM--DAY
text: Bob opens an AIR VENT in the wall. He puts Suzanne into it
text: and hands her the tranquilizer gun, miming to her. She nods,
text: and starts crawling through the ductwork, Bob closes the
text: vent again, and starts rifling through a nearby closet.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What the fuck are we gonna do?! How
dialog: are we gonna get out of here without
dialog: them seeing us?
text: Silent Bob pulls a pair of hangered COSTUMES from the closet,
text: smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. LOT--DAY
text: The Security Guards push a cuffed Jason and James into a
text: waiting Cop Car. The pair are still dressed like Jay and
dialog: Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: YOU'VE GOT THE WRONG GUYS!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: HEY! DON'T YOU RECOGNIZE ME?! I'M
scene_heading: THE PIE-FUCKER.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (to Cops)
dialog: He'll be the pie--in prison.
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE HALLWAY--DAY
text: Jay and Bob creep toward a door (we don't see the outfits).
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: This was a good idea, Lunchbox. In
dialog: these outfits we're totally incognito.
text: Suddenly, and A.D. appears, grabbing them by the shoulders.
dialog: A.D.
dialog: Mister Biggs? Mister Van Der Beek?
dialog: Great--you've changed costumes
dialog: already. Let's get you to set.
dialog: (pulling them off)
dialog: The director doesn't like to be kept
dialog: waiting.
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE--BLUNTCAVE SET
text: It looks like the Batcave, but it's not. Off to the side,
text: near the monitor and chair setup, a black DIRECTOR eyeballs
text: the hustling, white crew.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Look at all these crackers, Seventy
dialog: million dollars and I can't even get
dialog: a black grip?
text: A white P.A. brings a cup of latte to the Director.
dialog: P.A.
dialog: Here's your coffee, sir.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: (eyes the coffee)
dialog: You spit in this? Because I know
dialog: all you white folks are pissed off
dialog: that the studio'd entrust a multi-
dialog: million dollar to a brother.
dialog: P.A.
dialog: I didn't spit in it, sir.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Then taste it! Go on!
text: The P.A. takes the cup and sips from it. He tries to hand it
dialog: back to the Director.
dialog: P.A.
dialog: It's all good, sir.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: No it ain't all good. Oh, you think
dialog: I want it now, after your lips touched
dialog: the cup? Get the fuck off my set!
dialog: P.A.
dialog: You the man, sir.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: No you the Man! And that's the
dialog: problem!
text: The Director glares at the scared P.A., as he cautiously
text: skulks off. BANKY EDWARDS approaches.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Uh, Chaka? Yeah, hi--I'm Banky
dialog: Edwards, the creator of Bluntman and
dialog: Chronic. We met a few weeks back.
dialog: I'm the executive producer.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR/CHAKA
dialog: Oh--you're the executive producer,
dialog: hunh? Well go "produce" me a latte
dialog: no white folks spit in--okay Fucky?
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Banky. I just wanted you to know
dialog: that I respect your work as an artist.
dialog: I'm something of an artist myself. I
dialog: was the inker on the comic book.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: An inker? What, like you trace?
text: Banky's face drops as the A.D. joins them.
dialog: A.D.
text: Biggs and Van Der Beek are on the
dialog: set, Chaka.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: I don't see 'em. Where are they?
dialog: (into bullhorn)
text: WHERE THE FUCK ARE THE STARS OF THIS
dialog: PIECE OF SHIT?!
text: On the Bluntcave set, two massive doors open in the fake
text: rock. Smoke pours in, and Jay and Silent Bob--now dressed as
text: BLUNTMAN AND CHRONIC--step from the darkness. Jay and Bob
text: survey the set, amazed.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: This must've set 'em back a couple
dialog: hundred bucks.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: Look at this shit.
dialog: (off their outfits)
text: A gay hood ornament, and the color
dialog: Purple.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: Who the fuck am I? I'm the fucking
dialog: director, is who I am. Chaka Luther
dialog: King. The creator of all of this.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Wait a sec--I thought Holden and
dialog: Banky created this shit.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: And I'm stealing it. I'm taking it
dialog: back for all the shit you people
dialog: have stolen from us! Did you know, I
dialog: came up with the idea for Sesame
dialog: Street before PBS? I was going to
text: call it N.W.P.--Niggaz with Puppets.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Alright--enough small talk. Let's
dialog: shoot it.
text: Chaka heads back toward his monitor. Jay and Bob are confused.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Wait, wait, wait!! Aren't you gonna
dialog: direct us?
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: I'll be directing you to the food
dialog: stamps line after I fire your ass,
dialog: if you talk back like that to me
dialog: again!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: But we don't know what we're supposed
dialog: to do here. We didn't even read the
dialog: script.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: So? Neither did I. Shit, neither did
dialog: the studio.
dialog: (pointing O.C.)
dialog: Look man, it's not hard. In this
text: scene, the bad guy breaks into the
dialog: Bluntcave. You make up some shit,
dialog: fight him for a while, I film it, I
dialog: yell "cut," and then head back to my
dialog: trailer, where I got more white women
dialog: waiting for me there than the first
dialog: lifeboat off the Titanic!
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: They all want a part of the movie,
dialog: and I got just the part for 'em.
text: Jay and Silent Bob go wide-eyed, as Chaka heads off.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
text: LET'S ROLL WITH THE NEW!
speaker_heading: A.D. (O.S.)
text: QUIET ON THE SET! THIS IS A TAKE!
text: Chaka climbs behind his monitor. The P.A. is waiting for him
text: with another cup of coffee.
dialog: P.A.
dialog: I got you another cup of coffee,
dialog: sir. Spit free.
text: Chaka smacks the coffee out of his hand and sits down.
text: The Clapper/Loader jumps in front of the startled Jay and
text: Bob, getting ready. After a beat, he turns to Silent Bob.
speaker_heading: CLAPPER/LOADER
dialog: I just wanna say that I loved when
dialog: you fucked that pie.
dialog: (calling off)
scene_heading: BLUNTMAN AND CHRONIC STRIKE BACK,
scene_heading: SCENE THIRTY-SEVEN, TAKE ONE!
text: The clapper/Loader shuts the clapboard and races off. From
text: behind the monitor,
dialog: Chaka calls out--
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: ACTION!
text: Jay and Bob (as Bluntman and Chronic) look at each other for
dialog: a beat. Then--
speaker_heading: JAY/CHRONIC
dialog: Uh--Snootchie Bootchies.
text: Suddenly, the wall to their left explodes. Jay and Bob hit
text: the deck. Through the smoking rubble steps COCK-KNOCKER--the
text: arch--nemesis of Bluntman and Chronic. He's a normal-looking
text: man with huge, overgrown FISTS.
speaker_heading: JAY/CHRONIC
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: COCK-KNOCKER
dialog: You thought I'd never find your
dialog: precious Bluntcave, did you, Hemp
dialog: Knight? But now you and your sidekick
text: are finally in the grasp of Cock-
dialog: Knocker!
speaker_heading: JAY/CHRONIC
dialog: Why do they call you "Cock-Knocker"?
text: Cock-Knocker slams one of his huge fists into Jay's balls.
text: Jay drops to his knees, wailing. Cock-Knocker then pulls a
text: vibrator-looking device from his cape. He presses a button
text: on it and a laser beam rises out of the vibrator, like a
text: light saber.
speaker_heading: COCK-KNOCKER
dialog: Any last words before I bust your
dialog: balls, Bluntman?
text: Silent Bob quickly looks right, then left. His eyes fall on--
text: A wall of armaments, on which hands a SILVER BONG, under the
scene_heading: placard: BONG SABER--EXTREMELY EXPERIMENTAL. DO NOT USE.
text: It's out of his reach.
text: Silent Bob closes his eyes, concentrating. He reached his
text: hand out to the Bong Saber, attempting the Jedi Mind Trick.
text: Suddenly, the Bong snaps from the armory into Bob's grip.
text: The Bong Saber blasts to life and Bob strikes a defensive
text: pose. Bob rushes the astonished Cock-Knocker and the pair
text: start light saber dueling.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: (from behind monitor)
dialog: Damn! Now that was one special effect!
dialog: This picture's gonna make House Party
dialog: look like House Party Two!
dialog: A.D.
dialog: Or House Party Three?
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: Shut the fuck up!
text: Cock-Knocker battles Bob back. He vogues some impressive
text: blade handling, prompting Bob to make a run for it--up the
text: ladder of the Bong Reactor and over Cock-Knocker's head. He
text: lands behind Cock-Knocker, striking another pose. Cock-
text: Knocker then high- kicks Bob in the face, knocking him on
text: his ass across the floor. Cock-Knocker rushers over to deliver
dialog: a saber kill-shot, when we hear--
speaker_heading: JAY (O.S.)
scene_heading: YO-BITCH-FISTS!
text: Cock-Knocker turns to see--
text: Jay, standing on the rotating monitor station, holding a
text: double-sided saber. He clicks it and TWO beams emit (a la
text: the Darth Maul light saber in Episode One).
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Call me Darth Balls. Bunngg.
text: Jay leaps at Cock-Knocker, wielding the double-beamed Bong
dialog: Saber.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: (from behind the
dialog: monitor)
dialog: I think George Lucas is going to sue
dialog: somebody--
scene_heading: EXT. SOUNDSTAGE--DAY
text: Willenholly's car screeches up, and Willenholly jumps with a
text: shotgun. He slides across the hood of the car and lands beside
text: the flashing red light.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: So, this is Hollywood?
dialog: (suddenly full of
dialog: purpose)
text: Lights, camera, action, Jay and Silent
dialog: Bob.
text: Willenholly cocks his shotgun and heads for the door.
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE--DAY
text: The door bursts open, and Willenholly charges in, firing two
dialog: shots, O.C.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
text: FREEZE YOU TERRORIST SONSABITCHES!!!
text: Willenholly goes wide-eyed.
text: It's not Bluntcave. We're on a different soundstage, where a
text: kid's movie's being shot: Mooby's Grand Adventure. There's a
text: Barney-sized MOOBY surrounded by little KIDS. The Kids stare
text: back at Willenholly terrified. The Mooby suit has smoking
text: bullet holes in it. Mooby collapses.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Oh my God--
dialog: (to kids)
dialog: Um--sorry. That was supposed to be a
dialog: warning shot. Uh--it looks like I'm
dialog: on the wrong, uh--wrong set.
text: The Kids look at the fallen Mooby. On looks angrily at the
dialog: O.C. Willenholly.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: You killed Mooby--
dialog: (to Kids)
dialog: LET'S GET HIM!!!
text: The Kids charge Willenholly, who screams like a woman as
text: he's attacked.
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE--SAME
text: Jay attacks Cock-Knocker with his Bong Saber, full throttle.
speaker_heading: COCK-KNOCKER
dialog: (breaking character)
dialog: You are not upstaging me, Van Der
dialog: Beek!
text: Jay whacks away happily at the actor playing Cock-Knocker,
text: hacking him up onto the ladder of the Bluntcave's nuclear
text: reactor. Cock-Knocker climbs the ladder slightly to evade
text: the attack, dueling Jay back with the saber in his other
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: COCK-KNOCKER
dialog: (to O.C. Chaka)
scene_heading: CHAKA--CALL OFF DAWSON! GIVE ME A
dialog: "CUT"!
text: On cue, Jay delivers a kill-shot to one of Cock-Knocker's
text: huge fists, cutting it off (a la Empire).
text: Silent Bob joins Jay, as Jay turns off this double-Bong Saber,
text: Jay grins at Cock-Knocker.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Now whose balls have been busted,
dialog: bitch?
text: Suddenly, a gun shot rings out.
text: All turn to see a roughed-up Willenholly, training his gun
text: first on Jay, then Bob.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
text: The C.L.I.T. stops here, Jay and
dialog: Silent Bob!
dialog: (revealing badge:
dialog: calling out)
dialog: Everyone stay calm. I'm a Federal
dialog: Wildlife Marshal. These men are the
dialog: leaders of a terrorist organization
text: wanted for the abduction of a monkey.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: They didn't really steal that monkey.
text: All turn to see Justice approaching from the shadows.
text: Willenholly trains his gun on her. Jay's mouth drops.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: It was just a diversion so we could
dialog: steal these.
text: Justice pulls the bag of diamonds from her jacket, revealing
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: And they're not the leaders of
text: C.L.I.T. The C.L.I.T. is not real.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: No--the clit's real. The female orgasm
dialog: is a myth.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: Are you guys alright?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I thought you blew up, Boo Boo Kitty
dialog: Fuck.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You remembered.
dialog: (back to business)
dialog: It was a frame-up, Jay. Sissy. Missy,
dialog: Chrissy, and I are international
dialog: jewel thieves. We were setting you
dialog: up as a patsy, but I couldn't go
dialog: through with it, because I... because
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah? So that means you'll fuck me,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: If she does, it'll be considered
dialog: necrophilia.
text: All turn to see Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy slinking from the
text: shadows, guns drawn.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Because she's gonna be one dead bitch.
dialog: (to Justice)
dialog: Hi, Jussy. We catch you at a bad
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: You should've just let these guys go
dialog: down, Jussy.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Hey, I wanted to go down, but I was
dialog: waiting until I got to know her a
dialog: little better. See, there was this
dialog: little angel on my shoulder, and he
dialog: said--
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
dialog: Shut the fuck up before I shoot you
dialog: where you stand in your pansy red
dialog: booties.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: Holy shit, I am wearing pansy red
dialog: booties!
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: Man--why the fuck didn't you tell
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Let's have those diamonds, Jussy.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: I can't do that, Sissy
speaker_heading: SISSY
text: (points her gun at
dialog: Jay)
text: Then lover--boy gets one in the brain.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
speaker_heading: YO!
text: All turn to look at Chaka.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: Would any of you lovely ladies like
dialog: a private audition to be in my movie?
text: Justice high-kicks the gun out of Sissy's hand. It lands on
text: the ground discharging. Then everyone starts shooting and
text: running for cover.
text: Jay and Silent Bob hurl themselves over the Bluntmobile.
text: Missy and Chrissy flip over a lavish, exquisitely-packed
text: craft service table labeled. CAST. They pop back up and start
text: firing at Willenholly. Willenholly leaps behind a barren
text: craft service table that holds a bag of Smarties and a dented
text: can of RC Cola. He pops up and returns fire. When both are
text: out of bullets, they drop back down behind the table and
text: reload. From behind his table,
dialog: Willenholly yells--
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: WHY ARE YOU SHOOTING AT ME?!?! I'M
text: JUST A FEDERAL WILDLIFE MARSHAL!!!
speaker_heading: CHRISSY
scene_heading: TWO REASONS: ONE--WE'RE WALKING,
text: TALKING BAD GIRLS, CLICHES!
speaker_heading: MISSY
dialog: AND TWO: BECAUSE YOU'RE A MAN.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
text: ONLY ON THE OUTSIDE!
text: The Girls and Willenholly both pop back up and open fire
dialog: again.
text: Chaka ducks behind the monitor.
speaker_heading: CHAKA
dialog: A shitload of white people with guns?
dialog: Time to get my black ass out of here!
text: He races off, passing Justice and Sissy, who circle each
text: other defensively, striking kung fu poses.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: You really let me down, Justice.
dialog: Throwing it all away for a little
dialog: stoner with bad pronunciation.
speaker_heading: JAY (O.S.)
speaker_heading: HEY!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: What's it gonna be, Sissy? Which
dialog: fighting style do you want me to
dialog: kick your ass in?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Are you kidding me? I taught you all
dialog: all your moves myself. There's not a
dialog: style you can bust that I can't defend
dialog: against.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: You're no match for my "Shaolin Monk."
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Yeah, but I can bury you with my
dialog: "Crouching Tiger."
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: A little "Venus's--flytrap"?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: I'll counter with "Dragon Crane."
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: How about a little "Bitch, My Man
dialog: Ain't Yo Baby's Daddy"?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: (beat; smiles)
dialog: Bring it on.
text: Justice rushes Sissy and instead of sleek kung fu, they launch
text: into a down-and-dirty, girl's cat-fight; hair pulling and
text: screaming.
text: Behind the Bluntmobile, Jay and Bob watch all the action.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo--I hope one of 'em rips the other
text: one's shirt off and we see some tit.
text: Both Bob and Jay smile at each other, nodding. Banky joins
text: them, crawling in on his belly, covering his head.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Mister Biggs? Mister Van Der Beek? I
dialog: just wanted to say hi. I'm--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Banky fucking Edwards! Just the
dialog: motherfucker we came to see!
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Holy shit! What the fuck are you
dialog: guys doing here?!
text: Sissy has Justice on her belly, banging her face into the
text: floor, screeching. Jay, Bob, and Banky continue.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Stop the movie?! Are you crazy?!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: All these assholes are calling us
dialog: names on the Internet, 'cause of
dialog: this stupid movie!
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: I feel for you boys--I really do.
dialog: Those Net snipers can be really cruel.
dialog: But Miramax paid me a shitload of
dialog: money for Bluntman and Chronic, so
dialog: it occurs to me that people bad-
dialog: mouthing you on some web-site is
dialog: none of my FUCKING CONCERN!
speaker_heading: SILENT BOB
dialog: Oh--but I think it is.
text: Banky stares at Silent Bob, agog, Jay rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Here we go again--
speaker_heading: SILENT BOB
dialog: Shut the fuck up.
dialog: (to Banky)
dialog: We had a deal with you on the comics
dialog: for likeness rights. And as we're
dialog: not only the artistic basis but also
dialog: the character basis for your
dialog: intellectual property, Bluntman and
dialog: Chronic, when we said property was
dialog: optioned by Miramax Films you were
dialog: legally obliged to secure our
dialog: permission to transfer the concept
dialog: to another medium. As you failed to
dialog: do that, you're in breach of the
dialog: original contract--ergo, you find
dialog: yourself in a very actionable
dialog: position.
text: Banky stares at Bob, even more agog, joined by Jay. After a
dialog: beat, Jay adds--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Justice now has the advantage over Sissy, holding her head
text: and kicking her in the face, repeatedly, screaming.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: So, what do you guys want, to go
dialog: away and take your lady friends with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Shitcan this movie so we don't get
dialog: called names on the Internet anymore.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Even if there's no movie, people are
dialog: still free to talk shit about you on
dialog: the Internet. That's what the
dialog: Internet's for: slandering others
text: anonymously. Stopping the flick
dialog: isn't going to stop that!
text: In the background, we see Justice high-kick Sissy into the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Well this isn't fair! We went to
dialog: Hollywood, I fell in love, we stole
dialog: a monkey, we got shot at, and got
dialog: punched in the motherfucking nuts!
dialog: We ain't leaving empty-handed!
text: On cue, Sissy drops from above, landing in Jay's lap.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What's up baby? You look good!
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Isn't that your girlfriend's enemy?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Oh yeah.
dialog: (pushing Sissy off
dialog: him)
dialog: Get the fuck offa me, pig!
text: Sissy races at Justice, leaping atop her, pulling her hair.
text: Jay, Bob, and Banky continue.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: You guys are gonna ruin my movie
dialog: career.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Well, we want something for our mental
dialog: anguish.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Tell you what: we'll settle this
dialog: monetarily. I'll give you half of
dialog: what I made.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Half?!?
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Half's not good enough? Fine--I'll
dialog: give you two-thirds of what I made!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Fuck-you--you already said half? You
dialog: can't take it back!
text: Silent Bob rolls his eyes, Banky shakes Jay's hand.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Done
text: Justice throws Sissy off, onto the floor. Both get up, facing
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Your shit is so tired, Justice!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Call me Boo-Boo Kitty Fuck--BITCH!
text: Justice high-kicks Sissy and she goes flying across the stage.
text: Sissy sails toward the craft service table, landing atop
text: Missy and Chrissy, knocking them out.
text: Willenholly stands to see why the girls stopped shooting.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Hello? Truce?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think I killed both of them.
text: Suddenly, he lets out a shriek and falls forward, revealing
text: a tranquilizer dart in his ass, and SUZANNE standing behind
text: him, holding the gun up in the air. Justice surveys her
text: handiwork for a beat, then calls off toward the Bluntmobile.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: C'mon guys. It's over.
text: Jay, Bob, and Banky pop up from behind the car and join her.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo, I was just about to jump in there
dialog: and get your back.
text: Then, the SOUND of SIRENS rings out in the distance.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Holy shit, the cops! We gotta get
dialog: out of here!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: No. I'm tired of running.
text: Justice lifts Willenholly into a sitting position and taps
text: his face.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: You awake, Marshal? Marshal?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (tries to move but
dialog: can't)
dialog: Oh my God, I'm paralyzed. The monkey
dialog: shot me in the ass and paralyzed me!
dialog: Oh the irony!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (off Suzanne's gun)
dialog: You're not paralyzed. It was just a
dialog: tranquilizer.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Jesus! Tranqued by a little monkey!
dialog: My friends in the Bureau are never
dialog: gonna let me live this down!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: You have friends in the F.B.I.?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: (crying)
dialog: They all made it in, but I failed
dialog: the exam. Why the hell else do you
dialog: think I became a Federal Wildlife
dialog: Marshal? 'Cause I'm a joke!
text: Justice looks toward the direction of the sirens, thinking.
dialog: Then--
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Maybe not. I can make you a deal
dialog: that'll get you into the F.B.I.,
dialog: regardless of test scores.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: What kind of deal?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: You drop the charges against Jay and
dialog: Silent Bob and say you never found
dialog: the ape. Make sure the world knows
dialog: they're not in control of any C.L.I.T.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Now wait a second--
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: I'll explain later, Jay
dialog: (to Willenholly)
dialog: In exchange, I'll give you the
dialog: diamonds I stole, and turn in Sissy,
dialog: Missy, Chrissy, and myself. But I
dialog: want a reduced sentence.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: You'd be willing to do that?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (off Jay)
dialog: For him? I'd be willing to do
dialog: anything.
text: Justice stands and takes Jay by the hands.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: I'm an international jewel thief
text: who's facing a jail sentence.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: That's alright. I'm a junkie with a
dialog: monkey.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: If I go to prison, will you wait for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I don't know. Will we fuck when you
dialog: get out?
text: Justice smiles and kisses Jay Passionately. The kiss should
dialog: say it all, but--
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Don't change the subject. Will we
dialog: fuck when you get out?
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Snoogans.
text: Justice and Jay kiss again.
text: Suzanne reached up to Silent Bob, who picks her up. She grabs
text: his face and kisses him.
text: Willenholly looks to Banky.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Wow. There's a lot of love in the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Regardless of what you may have heard.
dialog: I do not kiss guys.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUNDSTAGE--LATER
text: Justice and Jay are still kissing, until Willenholly pulls
text: her away and loads her into the waiting Cop Car.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Sorry, Justice. We've gotta go.
dialog: (to Jay: friendly)
dialog: Hey--stop stealing monkeys.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Fair enough.
text: Willenholly closes the door behind Justice and gets in the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: Wait for me.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What--here?
text: Jay looks at Justice, confused, as the Cruiser pulls away,
text: leaving Jay, Bob, Suzanne, and Banky. They start walking
text: down the lot.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Well, boys--you're rich in love--
dialog: (indicating Jay)
dialog: Well, you're in love. And to top
dialog: that off, you've got your own monkey.
dialog: What more could two guys from Jersey
dialog: possibly want?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: All those fucks to stop talking shit
dialog: about us on the Internet, for
dialog: starters.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: What do I keep telling you? There's
dialog: not much you can do to stop that.
dialog: Well, short of showing up at all
dialog: their houses and beating the shit
dialog: out of them, I guess.
text: Jay and Bob suddenly freeze. They look at each other and
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: You know--with all that money we're
dialog: gonna make we can buy a lotta plane
dialog: tickets.
scene_heading: START THE JAY AND BOB KICKASS MONTAGE
scene_heading: EXT. SKY--DAY
text: A passenger JET flies through the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET--DAY
text: Jay and Bob stand across the street from a house. They check
text: the address on the big ream of paper they're carrying, nod
text: at each other, and cross the street.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE--DAY
text: The doorbell rings. A MOTHER answers it to see Jay and Silent
text: Bob standing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yes. Ma'am, Does--
dialog: (reading of paper)
dialog: William Dusky live here?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes. He's my son.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: May we talk to him, please.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: One moment.
text: She walks away. After a beat, a fifteen-year-old KID comes
text: to the door.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Yo--do you post as--
dialog: (reading off paper)
dialog: Magnolia-Fan on Movie Poop Shoot.com?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: And did you write "Fuck Jay and Silent
dialog: Bob. Fuck them up their stupid asses?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Yeah, a while ago. So?
text: Jay and Bob nod at each other, then grab the KID, pull him
text: outside, and start beating the shit out of him on his front
dialog: lawn.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY--DAY
text: The passenger jet flies again, this time in the opposite
dialog: direction.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE--DAY
text: Jay and Bob knocking at another door. Another MOTHER answers.
text: They speak, she heads inside, and another KID comes to the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: On Movie Poop Shoot.com. did you say
dialog: Jay and Silent Bob--
dialog: (reading off paper)
dialog: "--are fucking clown shoes. If they
dialog: were real, I'd beat the shit out of
dialog: them for being so stupid."
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Really--
text: Again, Jay and Bob pull the Kid outside and beat the shit
text: out of him.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENIENCE STORE--DAY
text: Jay and Bob beat the shit out of a CLERK.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING HALLWAY--DAY
text: Jay and Bob beat the shit out of a WOMAN.
scene_heading: EXT. RECTORY--DAY
text: Jay and Bob beat the shit out of a PRIEST.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE--DAY
text: Jay and Bob beat the shit out of a BUSINESSMAN.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATRE--NIGHT
text: The marquee reads: JASON BIGGS AND JAMES VAN DER BEEK ARE
scene_heading: BLUNTMAN AND CHRONIC!
scene_heading: WORLD PREMIERE!
text: The front doors open and the CROWD lets out. First we see
text: DANTE and RANDAL.
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: Now that was worse then Clash of the
dialog: Titans.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: I still can't believe Judy Dench
dialog: played me.
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: Hey--remind me to renew that
dialog: restraining order.
speaker_heading: DANTE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: RANDAL
dialog: Because I'm gonna blast the flick on
dialog: the Internet tonight.
text: STEVE-DAVE and WALT exit.
speaker_heading: STEVE-DAVE
dialog: Why can't Hollywood ever make a decent
dialog: comic book movie?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Tell'em Steve-Dave!
speaker_heading: STEVE-DAVE
dialog: Would you stop saying that?
text: ALYSSA and TRISH come out.
speaker_heading: TRISH
dialog: Well, that was just another paean to
dialog: male adolescence and its refusal to
dialog: grow up.
speaker_heading: ALYSSA
dialog: Yeah, sis--but it was better than
dialog: Mallrats. At least Holden had the
dialog: good sense to keep his name off of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: TRISH
dialog: Why wouldn't Miramax option his other
dialog: comic instead? You know--the one he
dialog: drew about you and him and your
dialog: relationship?
speaker_heading: ALYSSA
dialog: You mean Chasing Amy? That would
dialog: never work as a movie.
text: BANKY and HOOPER exit.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: I'm so fucking embarrassed--
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: Honey, you should be. They took your
dialog: characters and reduced them to one
dialog: ninety-minute-long-gay joke. It was
text: like watching Batman and Robin again.
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: Thanks. That means a lot coming from
text: the guy who pretends to be Shaft as
text: opposed to the guy who takes shaft.
speaker_heading: HOOPER
dialog: I don't hear you complaining nightly.
dialog: In fact, the only thing I do hear
dialog: you say is "Yes, Hooper! Cradle the
dialog: balls and work the shaft!"
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Hey! Hey! What'd we say? Not in
dialog: public!
text: A guy behind them calls out to Banks.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Nice movie, you fucking Tracer!
speaker_heading: BANKY
dialog: (recognizing him)
dialog: You--!
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: That's right, you sonovabitch! I'm
dialog: back for round two!
text: Banky grabs the guy by the throat and starts choking him,
text: while Hooper tries to break them up.
text: WILLENHOLLY exits with Justice in hand-and leg cuffs and a
text: prison uniform. They're flanked by two ARMED PRISON GUARDS.
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: You know, I don't get out to the
dialog: movies much. But I'd have to say
dialog: Bluntman and Chronic was Blunt-tastic!
speaker_heading: JUSTICE
dialog: Are these leg cuffs really necessary?
speaker_heading: WILLENHOLLY
dialog: Don't make me shoot you, Justice.
text: And finally, Jay and Silent Bob come out.
speaker_heading: JAY
text: YO! THE PARTY'S ACROSS THE STREET,
text: FEATURING THE GREATEST BAND IN THE
text: WORLD: MORRIS DAY AND THE TIME!!!
text: WHIP PAN to Morris day and The Time on stage, performing
text: "The Bird." During the song, Morris points to--
text: Jay and Bob, who are dancing with Suzanne and Justice (who's
text: still in cuffs, flanked by the Guards). Jay looks to Bob,
text: they nod at each other and--
text: Jay and Silent Bob, join Morris Day and the TIME onstage,
dialog: and dance us out to the coda, which reads--
speaker_heading: CODA
text: Bluntman and Chronic Strike Back went on to make a mere 2.3
dialog: million at the box office. It was the biggest commercial
text: failure in the history of Miramax films. The film was roundly
text: drubbed as a bad idea by the denizens of the Internet chat
text: boards, and over the course of the next year, while they
text: waited for the Quick Stop restraining order to expire, Jay
dialog: and Silent Bob tracked them all down and beat the shit out
dialog: of them.
scene_heading: CREDITS. THEN--
scene_heading: INT. NOWHERE
text: A familiar WOMAN closes a book that's marked: THE VIEW
text: ASKEWNIVERSE. She puts the book down, smiles at us and skips
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
