text: AFTER THE TRUTH
dialog: by
dialog: Christopher & Kathleen Riley
dialog: © 1997, 2004 Christopher and Kathleen Riley
dialog: All Rights Reserved
dialog: Now you'll know.
scene_heading: IN BLACKNESS
text: A WAGNERIAN ARIA plays, a crystalline TENOR SOLO
text: haunting in its beauty.
text: FAUCETS SQUEAK OPEN and WATER RUNS.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: A GLEAMING PORCELAIN SINK
text: Bloody hands plunge beneath the water. They wash
text: vigorously, with the thoroughness of a surgeon. Blood
text: swirls down the drain, a great deal of blood.
scene_heading: SERIES OF CLOSEUPS
text: Now spotless, these hands -- soft, smooth and young --
text: adjust the cuffs of a black uniform tunic. Every move
dialog: is quick, precise, efficient.
text: Manicured fingers fasten a gleaming button.
text: The hands rub out an invisible blemish on dazzling black
dialog: boots.
text: A stiff uniform collar is aligned. What little is seen
text: of the face is boyishly fresh, clean-shaven and benign.
text: The hands groom impeccable brown hair, position a
text: uniform cap and pull away to reveal the grim death's
text: head insignia of the Nazi SS.
text: The TENOR SOLO SOARS HEROICALLY, but is silenced by a
text: sudden COUGH. The COUGH BRIDGES a --
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
speaker_heading: AN OLD MAN'S FIST
text: Five punishing decades have passed, and the hand that
text: was once smooth and young has become a wizened fist. It
text: covers the mouth of a man who hacks painfully. What can
text: be seen of his face suggests advanced age. The skin is
text: loose, deeply lined and alarmingly grey. The hand
text: descends to a gleaming button. The top one, just below
text: the stiff black collar. The hand grasps the button and
text: slowly unfastens it.
text: The tunic is folded and placed atop a pair of black
text: pants. The SS cap drops onto the neat stack. Hear a
text: BABY CRYING -- and a hushed DEBATE IN GERMAN.
scene_heading: EXT. GUNZBURG, GERMANY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Rain falls heavily on this prosperous Bavarian
dialog: municipality.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: At town center stands Gunzburg's modest courthouse. The
text: BABY'S CRIES and the HUSHED ARGUMENT CONTINUE.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - SAME TIME
text: The CRYING and ARGUING are LOUDER here. At the defense
text: table Vashistha, a frightened young Pakistani, sits
text: beside a fresh-faced assistant defense attorney named
text: HILLMANN. Hillmann glances anxiously into the gallery
text: where Vashistha's wife waits, tormented by the CRIES of
text: her BABY -- whom she does not hold.
text: Across the aisle, a social worker tries to quiet the
text: WAILING INFANT who's sheathed from the waist down in a
dialog: body cast.
text: But the real action is taking place at the bench where
text: lead defense attorney PETER ROHM, 40s, too-long blond
text: hair curling over his collar, battles JUDGE and
text: PROSECUTOR. Their German segues into slightly accented
dialog: English:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You have no evidence. None.
dialog: What's the point of dragging this
dialog: out?
text: The Prosecutor is a bitter old war horse.
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: The point, Counselor, is to
dialog: protect the child from further
text: brutality at the hand of her
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Brutality?! She fell from his
text: arms. Three witnesses agree it
dialog: was a Simple accident --
speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR
dialog: Of course they agree, they're
dialog: all --
text: He breaks off. Peter turns to the gallery; the
text: witnesses gaze back -- three dark-faced Pakistanis.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: They're all what, Herr
dialog: Prosecutor? Intelligent adults?
dialog: Trustworthy observers?... The
dialog: shining future of the Fatherland?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Judge raises a hand in warning.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Counselor --
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (unrelenting)
dialog: At least we can trust the doctor.
dialog: As I recall...
dialog: (a smile for the
dialog: Judge)
dialog: he's blond like us.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Herr Rohm.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (thunders)
text: Defense moves for dismissal.
scene_heading: EXT. GUNZBURG COURTHOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The rain has intensified. The courthouse doors swing
text: open and the angry Prosecutor emerges, raises his
text: umbrella and marches down the steps. The doors open
text: again and the Vashisthas appear -- the baby asleep in
text: her tearful mother's arms. They descend the steps.
text: Once more the doors open and Peter and Hillmann emerge.
text: They pause as Hillmann raises his umbrella. Peter
text: watches his departing clients with satisfaction.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (an_axiom)
dialog: Always tell the truth, Felix.
dialog: It's the greatest freedom we
dialog: have.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Bet they didn't teach you that in
dialog: law school.
text: Peter tucks his own umbrella beneath his arm and strides
text: into the rain, face skyward, getting happily drenched.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DESKTOP
text: Cigarette smoke and shadows. A bulging manila folder
text: lies open on the desk, full of handwritten pages. Bony
text: fingers dial a rotary telephone, number after number.
text: Not a local call. The voice of the caller is heard, an
dialog: aged man:
speaker_heading: MUELLER (0.S.)
dialog: Ja. It's me... How are you
dialog: feeling?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: There's something slightly mocking in this voice.
text: Something unwholesome. The fingers pick up a German
dialog: passport.
speaker_heading: MUELLER (0.S.)
dialog: Ja, of course I have it.
text: The passport is thumbed open to the photograph of its
dialog: owner.
speaker_heading: MUELLER (0.S.)
dialog: No, no, you shouldn't worry...
dialog: He's perfect.
text: Catch a glimpse of the photo: a smiling Peter Rohm.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHM HOUSE (GUNZBURG) - EVENING
text: Daylight is waning as an old Volvo pulls into the
text: driveway of this handsome two-story. The corner of a
text: curtain flicks aside, as if someone inside is watching.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: Here he comes... Are you ready?
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN (V.O.)
dialog: Ja, ja, ready.
text: Peter and Hillmann climb from the car and approach the
text: house, Peter contentedly soaking up more rain. He
text: pauses at the front door, the porch light dark
text: something amiss. He tries the door and finds it
text: unlocked, throws Hillmann a wary look, then pushes the
text: door wide.
scene_heading: INT. ROHM HOUSE
text: Lights flash on and a clamoring mob surrounds Peter, led
text: by three figures: HILDE, a slight woman of 70, beating
text: on a cast-iron skillet. This is Peter's mother. MAX,
text: his father, a big, convivial man somewhere past 70,
text: oompahing on an old tuba. And CORY, Peter's wife, a
dialog: what -you-see-is-what-you-get beauty fiery enough to hold
text: her own with Peter, snapping a flash picture.
text: The crowd -- aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews and cousins
text: -- shouts "Happy birthday!!!" Peter is delighted.
dialog: These people clearly think a great deal of Peter, and he
dialog: of them.
text: Cory notes Peter's soaked condition with affectionate
dialog: dismay.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Oh, Peter...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (knowingly)
dialog: Must have won another one.
text: The PHONE begins to RING. Cory heads upstairs to answer
text: it, calling over her shoulder:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Get out of those clothes --
dialog: you're dripping on my floor.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: PARTY NOISE filters up from below. Cory's on the phone.
text: Peter approaches, towel draped around his neck.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: What's wrong with the quote?
dialog: This morning you loved it.
text: Peter leans in for a kiss. Cory playfully evades.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Of course he denies he said it.
dialog: It makes him look like the money-
dialog: grubber he is.
text: Peter loops his towel around her neck. She ducks coyly
text: out of the towel and stays with her call.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Paul -- Paul -- you know me
dialog: better than that. He said it.
dialog: If he didn't it wouldn't be in my
dialog: article.
text: Peter snakes his soggy arms around her.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I have him on tape -- want me to
dialog: play it for you?
text: Backed against the wall, Cory changes tactics, planting
text: a quick but serious kiss on Peter. Then, with a crooked
text: smile, she pushes him on his way down the hall.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: No, no, you've questioned my
dialog: journalistic integrity, I insist.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHM HOUSE - BACK YARD - EVENING
text: The nieces and nephews play soccer in the rain.
text: Sheltered by a veranda, Peter and the adults surround a
text: table covered with gift boxes. Peter has changed into
text: dry clothes and is modeling a ridiculous red plastic hat
text: in the shape of a charging boar. Cory snaps his
text: picture. At the far end of the table Max holds forth,
text: Hillmann his captive audience.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: ... We had some neighborhood
dialog: hoodlums who were always picking
dialog: on this little Jew boy.
dialog: (to Hilde)
dialog: What was his name?
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: (no hesitation)
dialog: Herschel.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Herschel... I believe you're
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: You know I'm right.
text: The youngest of Peter's nieces, KAT, about 5 and
text: completely overrun by the older children, appeals for
dialog: aid.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Uncle Peter. Uncle Peter, fly
dialog: me.
text: Cory leans close and whispers to Peter. He grins and
text: whispers back. Sharing lovers' secrets.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (removes hat; to
dialog: Hillmann)
dialog: A distinguished gift. I'll wear
dialog: it tomorrow in court.
text: Hillmann chuckles uncertainly.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Don't laugh, Felix. He'll do it.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Uncle Peter --
text: With a war whoop, Peter leaps off the veranda into the
dialog: rain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter!
text: He scoops Kat into his arms and charges after the ball,
text: using her dangling legs to drive the ball past
text: protesting defenders into the makeshift goal.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Scooo00000000000000re! !!
text: Kat squeals with glee.
scene_heading: ON VERANDA - LATER
text: Peter rejoins the party from the house, toweling his
text: hair, changed into another set of dry clothes.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (still rolling)
dialog: He was walking home one day ina
dialog: terrible rain, he must have been
dialog: 10 or 12 years old --
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: He was seven.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Seven... really? A fight like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: It was before we moved up on the
dialog: hill.
text: As Max thinks about that, Hilde hands Peter a card.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (conceding the point)
text: Seven years old. He came upon
dialog: those hoodlums bullying his
dialog: little friend --and went after
text: them with his umbrella.
text: Max makes wild swashbuckling gestures, cackling at the
dialog: memory.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That afternoon when he walked in
text: the house his umbrella was bent,
text: his lip was bleeding, his clothes
dialog: were soaked -- and he was
text: laughing like crazy.
dialog: (a proud nod toward
dialog: his son)
dialog: Because he'd won.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Peter finishes reading the card and looks up at Hilde,
text: moved by its content. He gives her hand a quick
dialog: squeeze.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Thank you, Mama.
text: Only one unopened gift remains. Cory hands it to Peter.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Last one.
text: It's wrapped as if for a child.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Cute. Who's it from?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: You brought it from the office,
dialog: didn't you, Felix?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: This is the first time I've seen
dialog: it.
text: Peter senses a joke.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Papa...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Not me.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (the crowd)
dialog: Anyone?
text: His gaze settles on Cory.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I really don't know, Peter. It
dialog: was in the house with the rest of
dialog: the gifts.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Cowards.
text: He digs in, tearing away the paper. As he lifts off the
text: top, everyone leans forward with anticipation.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (playing the moment)
dialog: Looks like... another hat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: With a flourish, he whips it from the box. Hilde draws
text: a quick gasp. Max's jaw tightens.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What in hell --
text: Peter sits transfixed. Holding the cap of a Nazi SS
text: uniform. After a frozen moment, he reaches back into
text: the box and pulls out a black uniform tunic.
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: Dear God in heaven...
text: Peter turns urgently to Cory.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You must have some idea --
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: No, it was just... here.
dialog: No one knows more.
scene_heading: INT. ROHM DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nearly everyone has gone. The uniform is spread across
text: the table and Peter examines it under the light of a
text: desk lamp, Max and Hillmann watching over his shoulder.
text: Cory cleans up from the party, wanting nothing to do
dialog: with this investigation.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Most of these uniforms
dialog: disappeared in the last days of
dialog: the war. The SS dumped them and
dialog: tried to pass as Wehrmacht
dialog: regulars.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (holding the tunic to
dialog: the light)
dialog: Look at the stitching here. See
dialog: where the insignia should be?
dialog: It's all been removed.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: Why would a person do this,
dialog: Peter? What does it mean?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Who cares what it means? Get rid
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (a hooded look to
dialog: Peter)
dialog: Maybe something to do with Viktor
dialog: Kohl.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: . Viktor Kohl?
dialog: No answer for that, except:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Maybe someone put two and two
dialog: together.
text: Another look between Peter and Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They used to stamp the serial
dialog: number inside the collar... so
dialog: they wouldn't get mixed up in the
dialog: laundry.
dialog: (to Hilde)
dialog: Wasn't it the collar?
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: (flat)
text: The lining. Inside the left
dialog: cuff.
text: Hillmann raises an eyebrow at that as Max folds back the
text: cuff and holds it to the light.
scene_heading: INSERT - LEFT UNIFORM CUFF
text: As Max's fingers work the material, rotating it in the
text: light, a set of badly faded numbers comes into view.
text: Only four digits are legible: 4397.
speaker_heading: MAX (0.S.)
dialog: There it is... what's left of it.
speaker_heading: ON SCENE
text: Peter and Hillmann bend low over the uniform.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (reading, memorizing)
dialog: Four three nine seven... four
dialog: three nine seven...
text: He strides toward the stairs. Cory turns in alarm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter...?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I need to check a file.
text: HORNED VIKING HELMET AND FLOPPY COURT JESTER'S CAP
text: Perched together in shadow. Only the odd outlines are
text: distinguishable in the room's low light. FOOTSTEPS
speaker_heading: APPROACH.
speaker_heading: CORY (0.S.)
dialog: Peter -- what file?
text: A light switch is thrown illuminating the colorless
text: helmet and the dazzling jester's cap. The hats rest
text: atop a file cabinet. Peter enters and bends over the
text: cabinet, inserts a key and unlocks it. Bypassing the
text: top drawer labelled "A-F," he opens the second one, "G-
text: M," flipping through the files at the rear of the
text: drawer. Cory watches uneasily.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Which file are you looking for?
text: He looks up.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: It's gone.
text: The sound of RAIN is prominent. Peter's gaze falls on
text: the open window. He crosses quickly, feeling the
text: wetness of the curtains.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did you leave this open?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: No, of course not...
text: Peter looks out the window into the night.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter -- what have you done?
text: When he doesn't answer, she urgently shuts and locks the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: EXT. GUNZBURG RESIDENTIAL STREET - NIGHT
text: The rain has stopped. A party is breaking up and
text: teenagers, Heineken bottles in hand, move toward their
dialog: cars.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Peter's Volvo pulls into the driveway of the house
text: directly across from the party. Max and Hilde emerge.
text: They pause at the driver's window.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Well... happy birthday, such as
dialog: it was.
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: Are you sure you and Cory
dialog: wouldn't feel better staying
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We're fine. Really. Don't
dialog: worry.
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: I'm your mother. I get paid to
dialog: worry.
text: She reaches through Peter's open window and depresses
text: his door lock.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Good night.
text: Max and Hilde walk to the house. Peter watches until
text: they're inside before he begins backing from the
text: driveway. Spotting a set of taillights approaching
text: rapidly along the curb, he stomps on the brakes. Just
text: short of the driveway the other car, a dark Mercedes,
text: stops as well. Peter waits. There's room for the
text: Mercedes to back safely past. It doesn't.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Come on. Come on.
dialog: (calling out window)
dialog: Go.
text: But the Mercedes' lights go off. Exasperated, Peter
text: resumes backing from the driveway. But just as he comes
text: in line with the Mercedes, it reverses again.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: No! -- No! -- Watch where you're
dialog: going! You're going to --
text: Laying on his HORN, Peter steps on his accelerator.
text: There's no time. The Mercedes crunches against Peter's
text: front fender.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (disbelieving)
dialog: He hit me.
text: Peter climbs out as the Mercedes pulls forward. Max
text: appears.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Careful -- kid's probably drunk.
text: Peter approaches the driver's door. The Mercedes again
text: pulls forward. Peter pursues -- but whenever he gets
text: close, the Mercedes pulls further ahead. Not running.
text: Just playing with him. Cat and mouse.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hey! Hey! You hit my car!
text: Now he breaks into a jog, trotting alongside the car as
text: it rolls forward. He reaches for the door handle.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You're in no condition --
text: The car's interior light snaps on and the driver is
text: illuminated. This is no drunk teenager. He's in his
text: late 80s, exceedingly tall and gaunt, clad in black, a
text: skeleton with skin. MUELLER. For an instant he gazes
text: into Peter's eyes, his face lit with perverse delight.
text: Peter's grip on the door handle falters. With a DIESEL
text: GROWL, the Mercedes pulls away. Peter sprints back to
text: his own car.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Peter -- Don't! --
text: But Peter jumps inside and sets off in pursuit.
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO - NIGHT
text: Eyes focused on the distant Mercedes, Peter accelerates
text: like a maniac.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION IN DOWNTOWN GUNZBURG - NIGHT
text: The Mercedes catches the tail end of a yellow light.
text: Seconds later Peter arrives to find the signal red and
text: the intersection full of cross traffic. As soon as it
text: clears, Peter gives chase.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF TOWN - NIGHT
text: The Mercedes flashes past a manufacturing plant on the
text: outskirts of Gunzburg. On one wall of the factory
text: appears the company name in huge lighted letters:
dialog: "MENGELE."
scene_heading: EXT. DENSELY WOODED HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The Volvo races beneath the towering evergreens as the
text: Mercedes' lights disappear around a bend.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. VOLVO
text: Peter navigates the curve and looks ahead. The
text: taillights have vanished.
scene_heading: IN AN UNSEEN TURN-OUT
text: The MERCEDES IDLES, lights off. As Peter's Volvo passes
text: on the main road, the Mercedes' headlights snap back on,
text: illuminating a muddy, rutted path into the forest. The
text: Mercedes starts up the path. Peter veers onto the
text: shoulder, pulls a U and comes racing back to the turn-
text: out, sloshing off-road, tires throwing mud... until his
text: car slews to one side and sinks to a halt, up to its
text: axles in mud.
scene_heading: INT. VOLVO
text: Peter pounds the wheel in frustration, watching
text: helplessly as the Mercedes disappears over a ridge.
speaker_heading: ON PATH
text: Flashlight in hand, Peter picks his way up the incline.
text: He draws to a halt at the top, his way obstructed by a
text: mass of barbed wire. Switching off his light, he takes
text: in the wide clearing below. On the far side of the
text: clearing a light glows from behind a low building.
speaker_heading: IN CLEARING
text: Peter slogs through the maze of twisted gates and barbed
text: wire pens, moving steadily toward the backlit building.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES
text: stands dark and quiet. Peter peers inside. Turns from
text: the Mercedes to the dark building. A wooden chute
text: slopes up into its dismal maw. Light comes from within.
text: Grasping the side rails of the rotting chute, Peter
text: hoists himself upward.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. DARK BUILDING
text: Huge freezer doors stand ajar. Meat hooks dangle. And
text: on the far side of this abandoned slaughterhouse, a
text: gaping freight door opens onto a long platform.
text: It is from somewhere on this platform that the light
text: comes; in that light, indistinct shadows move. Peter
text: eases toward the doorway. He arrives to the sound of
text: MUTED LAUGHTER, followed by a sudden CRACKING, like the
text: SPLINTERING OF BONES. He freezes, holding his breath.
text: Waits. And waits. And waits. Then, summoning courage,
text: he steps outside.
scene_heading: EXT. FREIGHT PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: Peter stares into the light, unsure what to make of what
text: he's seeing, his held breath slowly expelled. Before
text: him, regally attired and seated at a small table spread
text: with a linen cloth and set with silver service for two,
text: is Mueller. A single parlor lamp shines over his
text: shoulder. He's eating crab, CRACKING the SHELLS with
text: gusto, bent over a thick stack of papers which he reads
text: as he eats. Peter searches the shadows for danger
text: before stepping cautiously into the light. Mueller
text: cackles at something he's read.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Oh yes, well put.
text: And finally he looks up, off-handedly, as if welcoming
text: an old friend.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Peter. Good of you to come.
dialog: (gestures to the
dialog: empty seat)
dialog: Hungry?
text: Peter stands his ground.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: (with relish)
dialog: I, Peter, am a cheat. Anda
dialog: liar. A highly-paid perverter of
dialog: law in the service of outlaws.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (flat)
dialog: You're an attorney.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: (his smile)
dialog: Like you.
dialog: (then, as if it's
dialog: a significant
dialog: concession)
dialog: You may call me Schmidt. Will
dialog: that be acceptable? Or maybe
dialog: Mueller. It's a good German name
dialog: and less common than Schmidt.
dialog: Would you like to call me
dialog: Mueller?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Is that your name?
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Is that my name? You make it
dialog: sound so simple.
text: Mueller smiles as if at a child then turns back to the
dialog: papers.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: '27 October, 1982. Dear Frau
dialog: Holtz, I have not yet received
dialog: any reply to my numerous requests
dialog: for an interview. However, I
dialog: remain eager to discuss with you
dialog: your former classmate --
text: Here he breaks off, sets the page aside and reads from
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: '... Eager to discuss with you
dialog: your former neighbor...'
dialog: (and another)
dialog: '... Your former student...'
dialog: (and another)
dialog: '... Your former colleague...'
dialog: Etcetera, etcetera.
text: He looks at Peter who has grown very cool.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: I have dozens of letters like
dialog: these, received by people all
dialog: across Germany over a span of 15
dialog: years, yet always inquiring about
dialog: the same man. Always seeking
dialog: information about...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MUELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: (shrugs noncommittally )
dialog: ... acertain local celebrity. A
dialog: hero of the last war.
dialog: (lets that lie; then)
dialog: They all bear the signature of a
dialog: man named Viktor Kohl.
text: Peter remains silent. The old man's gaze drops to
text: Peter's untouched plate.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Are you sure you won't eat
dialog: something?
text: When Peter makes no response, Mueller takes the plate
text: and dumps its contents onto his own. He eats
text: ravenously.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: The letters bore as a return
dialog: address the number of a post box
dialog: here in Gunzburg. I came to
dialog: Gunzburg to find Herr Kohl and
dialog: ask him the reason for his
dialog: interest... but the mystery only
dialog: deepened.
text: From beyond the circle of light comes an indistinct
text: CREAK. Peter's eyes snap toward the sound.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: I found there was no Viktor Kohl.
dialog: The name was a pseudonym -- a
dialog: fiction.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Who was he, Peter? And why was
dialog: he hiding behind a falsehood?
text: Another CREAK, as if someone has stepped on a loose
text: board. Peter's eyes search the shadows.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Was he an enemy... or a secret
dialog: friend? Or was he neither?
dialog: Perhaps he was simply...
dialog: confused... uncertain where his
dialog: true sympathies lay.
text: Peter bristles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Of course all this remained
dialog: purely speculative until... very
dialog: recently.
dialog: (savors a bite)
dialog: Oh, this... this is delicious.
text: And, when he's good and ready, he slides his stack of
text: letters aside to reveal a fat manilla folder.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Earlier today, in a home in
dialog: Gunzburg, this file was
dialog: discovered. And in the file --
dialog: copies of every one of Viktor
dialog: Kohl's letters.
text: He holds Peter in his unflagging gaze, a shark's smile
text: spreading slowly across his face.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Peter, are you Viktor Kohl?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (right back)
dialog: Are you Josef Mengele?
text: Mueller laughs. And laughs.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: You let your imagination run away
dialog: with you. The good doctor
dialog: drowned years ago. They have his
dialog: bones, you know.
text: The laughter subsides. Mueller's gaze darkens.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Why so many questions, Peter?
dialog: Why this obsession with things
dialog: past?
text: His gaze bores into Peter, as if he is in some way
text: assessing the man's worth. Though Peter makes no
text: answer, Mueller nods.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Oh yes. You'll do.
text: (extends his right arm
text: in a sloppy salute)
dialog: Heil Hitler.
text: Mueller reaches casually to the lamp and switches it
text: off, plunging the scene into darkness.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The SOUND of SUDDEN MOVEMENT. Peter's flashlight clicks
text: on and finds Mueller's chair, now empty, then redirects,
text: moving toward the lamp. Just as it arrives, there's a
text: SHARP BLOW. A GASP. The flashlight drops to the
text: platform. Then the flashlight is switched off.
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
text: The absolute silence of death. Seconds pass. Then
text: BARELY AUDIBLE SOUNDS in the distance. Perhaps voices.
text: And then, with the suddenness of an onrushing
text: locomotive, the darkness comes alive with sound:
scene_heading: VOICES, LAUGHTER, PUBLIC ADDRESS ANNOUNCEMENTS, all on
text: top of one another, all too loud and somehow grating.
dialog: Among the sounds:
speaker_heading: AIRPORT P.A. (V.0.)
dialog: Lufthansa announces the immediate
dialog: departure of flight 964. Final
text: boarding is now underway at Gate
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: A VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Medical transport this way
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: SECOND VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Tickets.
speaker_heading: THRID VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: I'll need the patient's passport.
scene_heading: SLOW FADE IN:
scene_heading: SERIES OF DISTORTED IMAGES
text: Light overtakes darkness. All is shrouded in thick fog,
text: as if viewed through a film of Vaseline. Movement. The
text: interior of an airliner. A stewardess. An IV bag hangs
text: overhead. A glimpse of a white medical uniform. But
text: then DARKNESS RETURNS as:
speaker_heading: PILOT (V.0.)
text: Flight attendants, prepare for
dialog: departure.
text: LIGHT AGAIN. Blue sky overhead -- and the hanging IV
text: bag. The rear door of an ambulance swings open. A
text: youthful FACE appears.
speaker_heading: THE FACE
dialog: Comfortable?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A nice smile. The Face turns his attention to the IV
text: apparatus, injecting something from a syringe.
speaker_heading: THE FACE
dialog: Rest now.
text: The world descends again INTO BLACKNESS.
scene_heading: INT. ROHM KITCHEN - CORY
text: sits in a straight-backed chair, red-rimmed eyes gazing
text: vaguely ahead.
speaker_heading: OFFICIOUS VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Frau Rohm?
text: At length her eyes focus.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Have you talked to everyone at
dialog: that party? Did you get a list?
speaker_heading: OFFICIOUS VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: We're working on it.
text: She's battling an almost irresistible urge to wild
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Are they all accounted for? Did
dialog: any of them own a dark-colored
dialog: Mercedes?
speaker_heading: OFFICIOUS VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: We're checking.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Tell me about the missing file.
dialog: What was the purpose of your
dialog: husband's research?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: (a distinctly unhappy
dialog: memory)
dialog: He was going to write a book.
text: At a DISTURBANCE outside, Cory looks off sharply.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHM HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Cory rushes out. Two police officers are excitedly
text: raising the garage door. They shine flashlights inside,
text: illuminating Peter's Volvo -- the same car he abandoned
text: stuck up to its axles in mud. It now rests in the
text: garage, spotless, parked right where it belongs. Cory
text: runs toward the car.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter?!!!
text: But one of the officers turns from the car, shaking his
dialog: head negatively.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INSIDE A CRAMPED, BEIGE CUBICLE
text: A peculiar little room, not much bigger than a closet,
text: viewed from an odd, CANTED ANGLE. MUSIC is vaguely
text: audible in the distance, possibly an opera. Above, a
text: bare bulb protrudes from an undecorated wall. To the
text: side, a sink and bathtub.
scene_heading: REVERSE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - PETER
text: Slumped like dirty laundry atop the commode, his head
text: resting cock-eyed on the toilet paper dispenser.
text: There's a nasty scrape above one eye. He squints
text: groggily, lifts his head and winces. Finding a cotton
text: ball taped to the back of his hand, he rips it away,
text: examining a pinprick on the skin beneath. Then,
text: staggered by a wave of nausea, he turns, groping to
text: raise the toilet lid, and hangs there panting...
text: homicide on his mind.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - SOME TIME LATER
text: Peter rises unsteadily to gaze into a mirror. He
text: steadies himself on rubber legs, gingerly touching the
text: scrape above his eye. Moans.
scene_heading: INT. NARROW HALLWAY
text: The MUSIC is LOUDER here. Definitely opera. Something
text: by Wagner. Peter sways down the passage into the main
text: room of a simple house, where he turns an ungraceful
text: full circle, taking in the austere furnishings. The
text: only concession to luxury is a modest STEREO SYSTEM
text: against one wall, the source of the opera. The room is
text: in perfect order.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hello?
text: His gaze fixes on the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - FRONT PORCH - DAY
text: A postcard-perfect scene. Rich green pasture land rises
text: to meet a soaring range of glaciered mountains. A
text: gravel road passes before the house and stretches away,
text: empty as far as the eye can see.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE
text: Peter moves shakily to a stack of journals on a table,
text: grabs the top one: "JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN COLLEGE OF
text: ONCOLOGISTS." Beneath it is another journal, titled in
text: Spanish. Another in German. He moves into an austere
text: kitchen. He throws open cabinets and drawers, rifling
text: them, looking for some clue to his whereabouts. He
text: finds nothing. He pauses, OPERA BUILDING, his eyes
dialog: wandering...
text: He fills a glass at the kitchen sink. It slips from his
text: unsteady grip and SHATTERS, soaking a countertop
text: telephone and the directory beside it. The cover of the
text: phone book catches his eye. He grabs the book. A
text: cowboy is pictured atop a bucking bronc. Emblazoned
text: across the photo: CALGARY, ALBERTA.
speaker_heading: ON PETER
text: Stunned.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Canada?
text: He sags against the counter, overwhelmed with nausea,
text: pain and confusion.
text: The OPERA has become UNBEARABLY LOUD. Peter lurches
text: toward the stereo. He punches buttons. The MUSIC
text: CONTINUES. He punches more buttons but the music won't
text: stop. With a burst of anger he overturns the stereo,
text: bringing the OPERA to an ABRUPT END. Breathless, he
text: slides to the floor. Sweet silence.
text: Out of the silence comes a sound. A HORSE'S WHINNY.
text: Then another WHINNY and a MAN'S VOICE.
scene_heading: SUDDEN CLOSE ANGLE ON PETER
text: His eyes fly open.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE
text: Peter weaves onto the back porch. Ina stall built
text: against the outside of a barn a mare paces in agitation.
text: Shadowing her is a wobbly-legged foal. Peter warily
text: approaches. The MARE WHINNIES. From inside the barn
text: comes the voice of an old man, soothing and almost
dialog: musical.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN (0.S.)
dialog: Easy, my mare. Easy.
text: Through a window, movement catches Peter's eye. He
dialog: moves closer to see:
scene_heading: THROUGH WINDOW
text: Aged hands fill a syringe.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: moves to get a more complete view, but a water trough
text: blocks his way. The hands disappear from the window.
text: The MARE SNORTS and WHINNIES. Peter eases back toward
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN (0.S.)
dialog: (ever calming)
dialog: Be still, mare. Be still now.
text: The voice comes from the stall. Peter tries to get a
text: look, but the mare obscures his view. Only the man's
text: tall boots can be seen.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN (0.S.)
dialog: Easy, girl... I won't hurt you.
text: Peter climbs the rail fence surrounding the stall.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN (0.S.)
dialog: Baby's hungry. We need to get
dialog: your milk going.
text: With difficulty, Peter reaches the top of the fence. He
text: teeters, fighting for balance. A losing battle.
speaker_heading: INSIDE STALL
text: Peter lands heavily in the dirt. At the sound, the foal
text: skitters away. And suddenly he's seen:
text: HEINZ BAUMGARTEN, in his eighties, dressed in simple
text: work clothes and those tall boots, at the mare's flank
text: in the process of injecting her with the syringe. In
text: stark contrast to the sinister Mueller, Baumgarten
text: appears grandfatherly and utterly benign.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He says to his visitor without any hint of mockery:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Peter. I'm so grateful you've
dialog: come.
text: Then, with a peculiar kind of exuberance, the old man
text: turns and disappears into the shadows of the barn.
text: Profoundly unsettled, Peter follows.
scene_heading: INT. BARN
text: By the light of a grimy window, Baumgarten gathers
text: bottles and syringes. From a distance, still muddled,
text: Peter watches Baumgarten, something about this man
text: rendering him momentarily speechless. And now
text: Baumgarten turns. In his hand is a black leather bag.
text: A medical bag. Peter's eyes lock onto it.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Surely, Peter, you suspected...
dialog: even hoped...
text: Baumgarten's gaze penetrates Peter.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Tell me it isn't so.
text: The old man's sincerity is eerily compelling. Peter
text: shakes his head, rejecting the impossible claim. His
text: tongue is thick.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Josef Mengele is dead. I've seen
text: his bones.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: You've seen bones. Yes you have.
dialog: But not mine.
text: And Baumgarten sweeps out of the barn.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE KITCHEN - GLEAMING PORCELAIN SINK
text: SQUEAKY FAUCETS are CRANKED ON. Water runs. A
text: WAGNERIAN ARIA SOARS. Aged hands disassemble syringes
text: and plunge them beneath the water, washing vigorously,
text: with the thoroughness of a surgeon. A DOOR OPENS 0O.S.
speaker_heading: ON SCENE
text: The STEREO has been righted. Peter enters.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Baumgarten cranks off the faucets and replaces the serum
text: bottles and needles in the medical bag.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (all he can muster)
dialog: Why... why are you...?
text: Baumgarten stops his work and turns his full attention
text: to Peter, exceedingly earnest.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Peter -- my friend -- I can't
dialog: tell you how long I've wanted to
dialog: bring you here. As my guest.
dialog: All your letters. Your
dialog: questions. I longed to answer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please believe this was the only
dialog: way.
text: Baumgarten's words carry a peculiar seductive power, and
text: in his befuddled condition, Peter fights their effect
dialog: with difficulty.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: You searched for years, preparing
dialog: to write the definitive volume on
dialog: Josef Mengele. But you were
dialog: never able to write it. Why?
dialog: What questions couldn't you
dialog: answer?...
dialog: (then)
dialog: Ask them now.
text: Baumgarten reaches inside his jacket and extracts an
text: airline ticket folder and a passport.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Or, if you're persuaded I'ma
dialog: liar... or a madman...
text: He places the ticket and passport on the counter between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: . Of course you're free to go.
text: Peter stares at the ticket.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: After all you did to get me
dialog: here... you'll let me go? Just
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Is that what you want?
text: Peter regards Baumgarten... then the ticket.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - DUSK
text: Peter stands at the side of the road, clutching passport
text: and ticket. Baumgarten watches from his porch,
text: completely unruffled. A taxi pulls to a stop. Peter
text: turns back for one last, bewildered look at Baumgarten
text: then ducks into the cab. Baumgarten placidly watches
dialog: his departure.
scene_heading: INT. TORONTO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: Glass doors part to admit Peter who surveys the busy
text: terminal and heads toward a bank of phones.
scene_heading: INT. ROHM HOUSE - MORNING
text: It's daylight in Gunzburg, and Cory, looking drawn, is
text: setting the breakfast table when, in another room, the
text: PHONE begins to RING. She stiffens as Hilde answers.
speaker_heading: HILDE (0.S.)
dialog: Rohm house.
text: A moment, then a GASP.
speaker_heading: HILDE (0.S.)
dialog: Peter!!!
text: Cory races from the room.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Hilde beams at Cory.
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: It's him.
text: Cory tears the phone from Hilde's hands, 36 hours of
text: suppressed terror exploding in a frenzied blast:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter?! Where are you?! Where
dialog: have you been?! ARE YOU
dialog: ALIVE?! !!
scene_heading: INT. TORONTO AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: At the sound of Cory's voice, all of Peter's weariness,
text: tension and confusion unravel... and he begins to laugh.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yes.
text: And, in spite of himself, all he can do is hold the
text: phone and laugh.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: INT. AIR CANADA JETLINER - IN FLIGHT - MORNING
text: Peter sleeps in the window seat, blanket drawn loosely
text: around him. A FLIGHT ATTENDANT collects an empty coffee
text: cup. Beat. Someone passes on the way to the lavatory.
text: Beat. A male passenger, too close to be seen in full,
text: pauses near the sleeping Peter, then slips into the
text: empty seat. Beat. The man takes hold of Peter's
text: blanket, pulling it up, the better to cover him.
speaker_heading: P.A. (V.0.)
dialog: In preparation for our landing in
text: Berlin the captain has turned on
dialog: the no-smoking sign. Please
dialog: return your seats and tray tables
text: to their full upright position.
text: The Flight Attendant taps Peter's arm.
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: Sir? We're about to land.
text: She moves off as Peter comes to consciousness and
text: dutifully raises his seat back and closes the tray
text: table. And finally, still a little bleary, he notices
text: the man seated beside him:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
text: Dressed in a simple but immaculate suit.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: You missed the sunrise over
dialog: Iceland... unspeakably beautiful.
text: Peter jolts fully awake. For the first time facing this
text: man with his faculties intact.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Tell me, Peter. The notion that
dialog: a man should be considered
dialog: innocent until proven guilty, do
dialog: you accept it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (flabbergasted)
dialog: What are you --
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Innocent until proven guilty --
dialog: do you accept it?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Of course I accept it. Why are
dialog: you here?
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: And this man Mengele -- what do
dialog: you think of him?
text: Peter looks at Baumgarten as at a crazy man.
text: answer is immediate.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What do I think of a doctor who
dialog: butchered hundreds of thousands?
dialog: I think he's burning in hell.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: You condemn him... though no
dialog: court convicted him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No court had the chance. Or ever
dialog: will.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Because he's dead. I've studied
dialog: the remains myself.
text: Baumgarten is unflappable, his tone mildly
text: condescending.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: You've studied the remains. Are
dialog: you a forensic scientist, Peter?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'm an attorney. I know how to
dialog: evaluate evidence.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Then evaluate the evidence before
dialog: your eyes!
speaker_heading: PETER
text: What evidence? An old man with a
dialog: doctor's bag?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 28.
dialog: But his
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (then)
dialog: When I first heard that Mengele's
dialog: grave had been found I refused to
dialog: believe it. It was unthinkable
dialog: that the Butcher of Auschwitz had
dialog: escaped justice. I checked every
text: shred of evidence, determined to
dialog: find the mistake.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: But there was no mistake. The
text: evidence was absolute. Absolute.
dialog: (a burning look)
dialog: So stay the hell away from me.
scene_heading: INT. JETWAY - DAY
text: The first passenger off the plane, Peter strides up the
text: jetway, distancing himself from the madman behind.
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH him as he emerges into:
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN AIR TERMINAL - DAY
text: He's blinded by the glare of intense lights. A voice
dialog: cries out:
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: There's the attorney!
text: A jumble of television lights, cameras and microphones
text: extends toward him. Voices shout questions. There's a
text: fleeting glimpse of the predatory Mueller. Then
text: Hillmann, frantic, emerges from the crowd.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: Peter, I got your fax.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: . What fax? Didn't you talk to
dialog: Cory?
text: And then her voice, almost lost in the din:
speaker_heading: CORY (0.S.)
dialog: Peter!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (straining to find her)
dialog: Cory?!
text: Separated from him by the phalanx of reporters, she
text: struggles to get through. But the reporters go wild
text: with cries of: "There he is!" "Is that him?" "Will
text: you talk to us?" Peter's up on his toes, trying to keep
text: Cory in sight, when a hand fastens firmly around his
text: elbow. He whips a look to his side to see:
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
text: He holds Peter in a surprisingly strong grip and steps
text: forward with Peter involuntarily at his side.
text: Baumgarten smiles shyly and speaks into the outstretched
dialog: microphones:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Thank you. I...
text: (waits as the crowd
dialog: falls silent)
dialog: As you know, I am Doctor Josef
dialog: Mengele.
text: The press erupts in a torrent of questions. Baumgarten
text: turns to Peter and declares over it all:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: And this good man, Herr
dialog: Peter Rohm -- has agreed to
dialog: represent me at trial.
text: Peter goes white. He shouts to the press:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No, that's a lie -- I_AM NOT THIS
scene_heading: MAN'S ATTORNEY -- I AM NOT --
text: Men wearing the crisp uniform of the German Federal
text: Police move in fast, led by Federal Prosecutor HORST
text: VOIGT, a big, gruff man in his 50s.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: What are you doing in the middle
dialog: of this, Rohm?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No, Horst, I had nothing to do --
text: But the federal officers surround Peter and Baumgarten
text: and sweep them side by side through what has turned into
text: a near-riot. Peter struggles vainly to separate himself
text: from Baumgarten, his eyes searching wildly for Cory.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN AIRPORT TERMINAL - DAY
text: Peter is stuffed into a dark Mercedes sedan. Baumgarten
text: is pushed into another, a heavy armored limo with black-
text: out windows. The cars pull away.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - DAY
text: Peter's sandwiched in back between two officers, furious
text: at his predicament. Up front, Voigt flips briskly
dialog: through:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Argentine passport dated 1956, in
dialog: the name of Josef Mengele.
dialog: Paraguayan passport dated 1959,
dialog: issued to 'Jose' Mengele. Lab
dialog: notes from Auschwitz bearing
dialog: Mengele's signature.
dialog: (looks to Peter)
dialog: This package didn't come from
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I've never seen those documents
dialog: in my life.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: (waves fax)
dialog: And I don't suppose it was you
dialog: who notified the press.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Horst, I was kidnapped!
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN STREETS - DAY
text: The speeding convoy turns into a large university
text: hospital near the city's center. Men spill from the
text: cars, whisking Baumgarten into the building. Peter
dialog: pauses at
text: the car door, laying a hand on Voigt's arm.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Please, Horst -- All the times
dialog: we've faced off in court... I
dialog: give you my word: Whatever game
dialog: that old man's playing, I'm no
text: part of it.
dialog: (his plea)
dialog: Send me home.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Did you miss that little show at
dialog: the airport? Whether you know it
dialog: or not, you are a part of it.
dialog: And until I prove Baumgarten's a
dialog: fraud, neither of you is going
dialog: anywhere.
text: Two formidable officers move in on either side of Peter.
speaker_heading: OVER this,
text: the monotone of an interrogator:
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR (V.0.)
dialog: State your true name.
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Baumgarten sits before a roomful of investigators as the
text: uninspired INTERROGATOR reads from a list of questions.
text: Peter and Voigt listen from the rear of the room.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: My name is Josef Mengele.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: State your father's name.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Karl Mengele.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Mother's name.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Walburga Mengele.
text: Baumgarten answers easily.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: The name of your first wife.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Schoenbein. Irene Schoenbein.
dialog: My family didn't care for her.
dialog: Too Protestant. Too... strong-
dialog: willed.
text: Baumgarten smiles at the memory. Convincingly authentic
text: as an aging gentleman reminiscing about a lost love.
text: Peter applauds, slow and loud, impossible to ignore.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Congratulations. A-plus. You
dialog: did your homework.
text: The attention of the entire room turns to him.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: If you have something to say,
dialog: Rohm, say it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Of course he knows the answers.
dialog: What did you expect? We're not
dialog: dealing with children.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Oh? Who are we dealing with?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Who benefits by opening these old
dialog: wounds, by putting Germany at war
dialog: with itself? Old Communists from
dialog: the East? Old fascists? New
dialog: fascists? Look out the window,
dialog: Horst. There's someone out there
dialog: -- using us.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Who? Tell me. Who?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Any of a hundred groups. I don't
dialog: know. I only know that's the
dialog: question we should be asking --
dialog: not the name of Josef Mengele's
dialog: mother.
text: Voigt is thoughtful.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: We must tread carefully here.
dialog: Serious allegations have been
dialog: made. This investigation must
dialog: pursue all avenues until we find
dialog: irrefutable proof that this man
dialog: is a fraud.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We already have proof -- the DNA,
dialog: the dental records, the bones --
text: Baumgarten breaks in, his voice clear and commanding.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: The bones, as you call them,
dialog: belonged to my cousin Gerhard
text: Sladkey. He drowned while
dialog: swimming in Brazil.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He was similar to me in
dialog: appearance.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Similar? Same height, same
dialog: dental records... same DNA?
text: Baumgarten reaches inside his suit coat and extracts a
text: yellowed envelope.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Gerhard was, for reasons of his
text: own, living discreetly in Sao
dialog: Paulo. After he drowned, friends
dialog: buried him at Embu, then broke
dialog: into my dentist's office and
dialog: traded his records for mine.
dialog: Then, at the right moment, with
dialog: my pursuers closing in, these
dialog: friends led police to the grave
text: of Josef Mengele. The chase
dialog: ended.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Gerhard was a close enough
dialog: relative that his DNA made a
dialog: convincing match.
text: He forcefully extends the envelope.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: These are the dental records of
dialog: Josef Mengele.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Ask me anything. I'll answer any
dialog: question you like.
text: Peter ignores the envelope, unmoved by this tale.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Don't be an idiot. Ask me. ASK
dialog: ME.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Tell me this. Why would a man
dialog: who spent fifty years running for
dialog: his life suddenly just... turn
dialog: himself in?
text: The question seems to please Baumgarten. His words come
text: laden with emotion.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: The Jews... the Jews say I
dialog: mutilated their women, they say I
dialog: cut their children to pieces.
dialog: The Butcher of Auschwitz they
dialog: called me.
dialog: (roars)
dialog: But I am not a butcher. NO!!!
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I am a physician... a man of
dialog: heart... a man of compassion.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
text: A man of compassion who mutilated
text: women and cut children to pieces.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Is a surgeon a butcher because he
dialog: cuts with a knife? Because he
text: finds a diseased limb and removes
dialog: it to save the whole body?
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: That isn't butchery, that's
dialog: medicine.
text: Peter's eyes narrow infinitesimally.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - SERIES OF QUICK SCENES
text: A) Baumgarten lies on his back as technicians position
text: an X-ray apparatus above him.
text: B) A technician positions calipers alongside
text: Baumgarten's skull, measuring the span between his
dialog: temples.
text: Cc) A brigade of INVESTIGATORS works a bank of phones.
scene_heading: RED-HAIRED INVESTIGATOR
dialog: Baumgarten, right. What date do
dialog: you show him entering the
dialog: country?
scene_heading: SECOND INVESTIGATOR
dialog: Everything we know. Bring every
dialog: last file. I've already spoken
dialog: to the ambassador.
text: D) A team of photographers positions Baumgarten. A
text: strobe flashes.
scene_heading: INT. A SMALL, MURKILY-LIT ROOM - NIGHT
text: His cadaverous face in shadow, Mueller gazes at
text: something or someone unseen. He extracts a cigarette
text: and lights it, inhaling deeply.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Well?
text: Another long drag on the cigarette.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Welcome home, Herr Doctor.
text: Mueller bares his yellowed teeth.
speaker_heading: FAST CUT TO:
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR
text: A door flies open and Peter emerges, disgusted. He
text: steps across the corridor and throws open a window,
text: allowing the night air to wash over him. Mueller steps
text: through the doorway, flashes Peter his sharkish smile
text: and strolls away. As he goes, Mueller passes a long
text: line of aging men and women seated uncomfortably along
text: the wall. Voigt steps from the shadowy room.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Katarina Meissner.
text: FRAU MEISSNER, a stalwart old woman devoid of emotion,
text: trundles into the room. A commotion arises at a
text: security checkpoint down the hall.
scene_heading: COMBATIVE FEMALE VOICE
dialog: The prosecutor approved it!!!
dialog: Let_me through!!!
text: Peter turns.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Cory?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter!!!
text: She pushes past the security men, rushes to Peter and
text: throws her arms around him. They hold one another ina
text: ferocious embrace. Kiss.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Oh, Peter --
text: She leans back, inspecting him, soaking him in. He's
text: here. He's real. He's alive. She sees the scrape
text: above his eye.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: What did they do to you?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It's a bump. It's nothing. Are
dialog: you alright?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I am now.
text: He ushers her to an unoccupied bench.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter -- the fight I had to get
dialog: in here. What's going on?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Baumgarten madness. And Voigt is
dialog: taking it all seriously.
dialog: (his frustration)
dialog: All they need is one discrepancy
dialog: -- one tiny detail that doesn't
dialog: match.
text: Which gives her pause.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: And what if... what if they can't
dialog: find anything?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: They will. And then we're going
dialog: home.
text: Frau Meissner steps from the room, in her eyes the
dialog: terror of having seen a ghost.
speaker_heading: FRAU MEISSNER
dialog: No, no. No, no, no.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: (emerging behind her)
dialog: Frau Meissner --
speaker_heading: FRAU MEISSNER
dialog: That_man_is not our Josef!
text: She flees down the hall, leaving Cory profoundly
text: unnerved.
scene_heading: EXT. MINISTRY OF JUSTICE - MORNING
text: A convoy moves with police escort through the historic
dialog: government district to the Justice Ministry. Baumgarten
text: is moved under heavy guard into the building. Voigt
text: supervises, ignoring the shouting Reporters.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Herr Voigt, over here!/It's been
dialog: a week -- why the delay?/Is it
dialog: true a decision will be made
dialog: today?
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE MINISTRY - CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
text: Dozens of experts around a long table, at the head of
text: which stands Voigt. Photographs of two handwritten
text: documents are projected on a large screen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: BRITISH ANALYST
dialog: . Note the minor differences in
dialog: loop width, here and here --
dialog: noticeable yet consistent with
dialog: the normal evolution over time of
dialog: an individual's --
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Professor, please. Your
dialog: conclusion.
scene_heading: BRITISH ANALYST
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: If this is a forgery, it's the
dialog: best we've ever seen.
text: Voigt turns to another of the assembled.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: DNA?
speaker_heading: GENETICIST
dialog: We have no genetic sample from
dialog: Mengele himself. Period. So
dialog: we're forced to rely on
dialog: relatives. All we can say is
dialog: that the subject is related in
dialog: some way to the Mengele family --
dialog: with a genetic match roughly
dialog: comparable to that of the Embu
dialog: remains.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Dental records.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER EXPERT
dialog: We're still checking but so far
text: his story about the cousin holds.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Professor Krill.
text: The screen behind Voigt lights up with two new
text: photographs, one of Josef Mengele as a fresh young SS
text: captain, the other a current likeness of Heinz
dialog: Baumgarten.
speaker_heading: KRILL
dialog: The purpose of this exercise is
dialog: to compare measurements taken
dialog: between fixed points on each
dialog: face, looking of course for any
dialog: detectable differences.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A ghostly
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: And what differences did you
dialog: detect?
speaker_heading: KRILL
dialog: Well, of course I didn't detect
dialog: any or we'd all be home now,
dialog: wouldn't we?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Watch this.
text: X-ray image of a skull separates from the
text: photo of Baumgarten and glides into the space between
dialog: the photos.
dialog: The X-ray
speaker_heading: KRILL
text: An X-ray of Baumgarten's skull...
dialog: Now we overlay it.
text: image floats toward the youthful photo of
text: Mengele, overlapping until it achieves a perfect match.
text: Peter stares at the screen.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: We launched this investigation
dialog: believing it would last fewer
dialog: than 24 hours. And yet one week
dialog: later -- here we are.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: In the face of the evidence we've
dialog: seen, can any one of you make a
dialog: persuasive case that Heinz
dialog: Baumgarten is not in fact Josef
dialog: Mengele?
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: A decision must be taken. We try
dialog: this man as Mengele or we let him
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: Herr Prosecutor, please, we're
text: moving too fast.
speaker_heading: AND ANOTHER
dialog: What about the Embu remains? The
dialog: evidence for Baumgarten is no
dialog: better than the evidence for the
dialog: bones.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: No better -- but also no worse?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A reluctant MURMUR of ASSENT.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Then I ask you: what choice do
dialog: we have?
text: Peter sits stock still, unblinking, his imagination
text: ablaze.
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE MINISTRY CORRIDORS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Voigt leads a troop of officials to a guarded, unmarked
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE MINISTRY - SMALL ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Baumgarten looks up as the door is thrown open and
text: officials flood in. He rises, eyes dancing with
dialog: anticipation.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Hauptsturmfuhrer Josef Mengele?
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: (crisply)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: It is my duty to place you under
dialog: arrest for war crimes, for crimes
dialog: against minorities, and for
dialog: crimes against humanity.
text: Handcuffs are snapped into place. Baumgarten, greatly
text: satisfied, surveys the crowd... looking for someone who
text: isn't there. He's whisked from the room.
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE MINISTRY
text: Moving under heavy guard.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Where is Peter Rohm?
text: The company descends a staircase.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Peter Rohm -- where is he? Has
dialog: he been released?
text: They move through another corridor, stopping before a
text: steel-reinforced door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: I_demand to see my attorney.
text: The door is unlocked and he's led into:
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING CELL
text: Where he's uncuffed. Before he realizes what's
text: happening, the officials withdraw and lock the door,
text: leaving Baumgarten disoriented in the shadowed cell. He
text: pounds the door and rages:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: I_WANT MY ATTORNEY!!! GET ME
dialog: PETER ROHM!!!
text: Baumgarten falls back from the door. For the first
text: time, he looks old and tired and perhaps a little bit
text: frightened. And that's when Peter steps from the
dialog: shadows .
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'm not your attorney.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I've been released. I'm leaving
dialog: Berlin.
text: Recovering his equilibrium with astounding speed,
text: Baumgarten turns.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: How nice for you. Why are you
dialog: still here?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'd like an answer before I go.
dialog: Why me?
dialog: Baumgarten considers.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: I like my question better.
text: Baumgarten crosses to a simple bed where he removes his
text: suit coat and folds it with precision.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: You're a starved fish, Peter.
text: Circling the worm. Longing to
dialog: bite but terrified that inside
dialog: you'll find a hook. Am I Josef
dialog: Mengele... or am I not? You
dialog: don't know.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Peter turns for the door. Calls.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Guard!
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: And if I am Mengele, what then?
dialog: Will you swim away, little fish?
dialog: (right at Peter)
dialog: You're incapable of it or you'd
dialog: be gone already.
text: Peter turns back. Outraged.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You broke into my home, you
dialog: kidnapped me, you slandered me in
text: front of the world.
text: Baumgarten steps to an exposed toilet where he tears off
text: a length of toilet paper and folds it into a neat pad.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: I'm a sick old man. I do
dialog: nothing.
text: Baumgarten dampens the pad of toilet paper and begins
text: polishing his shoe. Peter raps loudly on the door.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Guard!
text: The door opens.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Why you, Peter?
text: Peter waits.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Because you're Germany's most
dialog: eminent attorney? Not at all.
dialog: Did you think I needed you to --
dialog: what -- defend me?
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: I_don't want it. You hear me? I
dialog: want no defense.
text: Peter waves the guard off. The door closes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why then?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: You were selected for one reason
dialog: only. You're known to be that
dialog: rarest of creatures. An honest
dialog: man.
text: Finished with the first shoe, Baumgarten polishes the
text: other, taking an intimate tone.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: I'll tell you a secret. I've
dialog: come to tell my story. To tell
dialog: it all. Exactly what I did at
dialog: Auschwitz and why. A thing
dialog: that's never been done.
text: He finishes the second shoe and straightens. He speaks
text: with dazzling intensity.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Help me, Peter. Help me tell the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Josef Mengele doesn't return
dialog: after fifty years to make a
dialog: confession.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: To tell the truth.
text: Baumgarten cranks on the water and vigorously washes his
dialog: hands.
text: He cranks
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What truth? The selections? The
dialog: gassings? The butchery in the
dialog: laboratory?
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: The truth!
dialog: (exuberantly)
dialog: I deny nothing! I'm ashamed of
dialog: nothing!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You would take responsibility for
dialog: all those crimes?
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Crimes, Peter? Crimes?
text: off the faucets and turns, holding his wet
text: hands high like a surgeon who's just scrubbed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: We'll have to see about that.
text: Peter is repulsed by the magnitude of this man's
text: perverse arrogance. He reaches for the door.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Naturally you have a great deal
dialog: to consider. So many loved ones.
dialog: You don't want to bring harm to
dialog: any of them.
text: Peter's jaw tightens.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Only that you have a great deal
dialog: to consider.
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE MINISTRY ELEVATOR
text: Quitting time. The elevator descends, packed with
text: departing workers. At the rear of the elevator stands
text: Peter, bone tired and shaken to his core.
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE MINISTRY - GROUND FLOOR LOBBY
text: The elevator doors slide open and passengers exit.
text: Peter is the last to step into the lobby. A woman's
text: arms encircle him.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter.
text: He wraps her in a fierce embrace.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Oh, thank God. They really let
dialog: you go.
text: He pulls her toward the door.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter. We need to call home.
text: He sees her face. Stops. Something's wrong.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Your mother called. They can't
dialog: find your niece Kat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Peter's blood freezes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Little Kat?
text: He reaches for his cell phone.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: She and the boys were at the
text: soccer field. They all ran home
dialog: but Kat never got there.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (dialing)
dialog: How long ago was this?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I don't know, a couple of hours.
dialog: When I talked to your mother,
text: they were checking with friends.
scene_heading: INT. MAX AND HILDE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Max picks up the RINGING PHONE.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Rohm house.
text: A police officer crosses the room behind him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Peter!
dialog: (and)
dialog: No, no, false alarm. Everything
dialog: here is wonderful.
text: FOLLOW the police officer TO the next room where Peter's
text: sister clutches 5-year-old Kat.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: She's back... No, it was stupid,
dialog: really. She got lost on the way
text: home and a young man helped her.
text: He drove her around until she saw
dialog: a house she knew. Ja. Brought
dialog: her right to our door.
text: The officer speaks to Hilde. She signs a paper.
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE MINISTRY LOBBY
text: Peter hangs up. Tells Cory:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: She's fine. She's home. It was
text: nothing, completely innocent.
text: Words he has difficulty believing.
scene_heading: EXT. JUSTICE MINISTRY - DAY
text: News crews press in around Peter, shouting questions as
text: he and Cory exit. Ignoring them, he pushes forward. In
text: the street a car passes, the young men inside shouting,
text: hooting and waving an Imperial German flag. Peter turns
text: back to gaze darkly at the upper floors of the old
text: building. Wondering. He finally allows Cory to pull
text: him away.
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN AIR TERMINAL - AFTERNOON
text: Peter and Cory move in a line of passengers through the
text: airport security check. Peter's quiet, his mood dark.
text: Cory watches him uncertainly.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I was afraid you would decide to
dialog: stay.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Why would I do that?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: To do what you've always talked
dialog: about. Find out what turned our
text: neighbor into a butcher.
text: Peter says nothing.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter -- if that man is Mengele,
dialog: he was our neighbor by accident.
dialog: He has no connection to us.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I keep trying to believe that.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: And now you're going home.
text: She kisses him on the cheek. A quick, sweet kiss full
dialog: of gratitude and relief.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT MEN'S ROOM
text: Peter stands at a urinal. When he finishes, he turns
text: and crosses to a row of sinks where a knot of men is
text: gathering around something taped to the mirror.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INSERT - A PHOTO BLOW-UP
text: Peter's niece Kat. She's surrounded by a half-dozen
text: young men, their faces cropped from the photo but their
text: arms raised in obvious Nazi salutes.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: shoves through the group, rips the photo from the mirror
text: and studies it in fury.
scene_heading: INT. AIR TERMINAL
text: Cory looks up from a newspaper as Peter returns. One
text: look tells her something is desperately wrong.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: What?
scene_heading: EXT. FOG-BOUND SEVENTEENTH-CENTURY FORTRESS - LATE
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Fog shrouds the ancient stone towers and soaring
text: ramparts. Across the road, Peter climbs from a taxi.
scene_heading: INT. FORTRESS GATEWAY
text: Official notices and warnings adorn the walls at the
text: entrance to this federal facility. Armed police guards
text: swing open the giant door to admit Peter.
scene_heading: INT. FORTRESS - OPULENT BANQUET HALL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The stone walls are hung with medieval tapestries.
text: Down the center of the room extends a long wooden table.
text: Peter sits stiffly on one side, waiting, until a door
text: opens and guards shepherd prisoner Baumgarten in. He
text: sits opposite Peter. Smiles.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Miss your plane?
text: Peter slaps a legal pad on the table, trembling with
dialog: rage.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Josef Mengele on multiple
dialog: occasions injected dye into the
text: eyes of unsedated prisoners. Did
dialog: you inject dye into the eyes of
dialog: unsedated prisoners?
text: Beat. Then, as if the question had never been asked:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: How familiar are you with the
dialog: medical habits of the Dutch?
text: Peter repeats, hard and cold:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did you inject dye into the eyes
dialog: of unsedated prisoners?
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: I'll happily catalogue my
dialog: experiments for you. But it's
dialog: the Dutch physicians we must --
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (overriding)
dialog: Josef Mengele kept the eyes of
text: deceased prisoners pinned to a
dialog: board like butterflies. Did you
dialog: keep such a board?
text: Baumgarten remains genteel.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Medical studies often require the
dialog: collection of specimens. Now
dialog: please listen. Medicine in the
dialog: Netherlands --
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Josef Mengele personally selected
dialog: up to 400,000 men, women and
dialog: children for death by gassing.
dialog: Did you select these individuals
dialog: for death?
text: Baumgarten regards Peter with his own quiet fury.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: I thought you wanted to
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did you select these individuals
dialog: for death?
dialog: (and again)
dialog: Answer the question: Did you
dialog: select these individuals for
dialog: death?
text: And finally it comes, an explosion:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: YES, PETER! YES! TI DID IT! T
scene_heading: DID IT ALL I_CONFESS
dialog: EVERYTHING!!!
text: The ferocity of the outburst silences Peter. Baumgarten
dialog: stands.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Walk with me.
text: A faint, almost subliminal sound begins, a SLOW,
text: THROBBING HISS.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTRESS PARAPET
text: Fog hangs thick atop the high wall where Peter walks
text: uneasily with Baumgarten in the fading light, shadowed
text: by a trio of guards. The HISS is louder.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Do you know, Peter, how many
dialog: doctors staffed Auschwitz?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Not the exact figure. Five.
dialog: Six.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: The exact figure is 22.
dialog: Myself... and 21 others.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How many of those others
dialog: volunteered for duty at
dialog: Auschwitz? How many met arriving
dialog: trains to perform selections on
dialog: their days off? How many others
dialog: did it sober?
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Medicine is hard work. Not
dialog: everyone has the stamina.
text: Baumgarten turns down a narrow stairway.
scene_heading: EXT. INNER WARD
text: A courtyard within the fortress. The disquieting HISS
speaker_heading: BUILDS.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Are you familiar with the work of
dialog: Karl Bindong and Alfred Hioche?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Peter isn'
dialog: 50.
dialog: t. And can't fathom its possible relevance.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Physicians. Years before Hitler,
dialog: they wrote a book they titled The
dialog: Permission to Destroy Life
dialog: Unworthy of Life
dialog: (an assignment )
dialog: Read it before we meet again.
dialog: Before Peter can protest:
dialog: They near
dialog: the place
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Bindong and Hioche saw incurable
dialog: patients, suffering patients,
dialog: patients whose lives had lost all
dialog: meaning. To these patients, the
dialog: physician offered nothing but
dialog: prolonged misery.
text: a compact citadel at the center of the ward,
text: of last defense. The RHYTHMIC HISS seems to
text: emanate from within.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Unless -- and here is the book's
dialog: genius -- unless the physician
text: abandoned the slavish pursuit of
dialog: life for life's sake and instead
dialog: granted these patients release.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Sometimes, argued the authors,
dialog: ruled by mercy and compassion,
dialog: the physician must kill.
text: Baumgarten reaches the entrance to the inner citadel.
text: He turns toward Peter.
dialog: Peter can'
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: In the days before the war,
dialog: everyone in German medicine
dialog: understood this.
dialog: t believe it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: That's your defense? Auschwitz
dialog: as popular medicine? You're
dialog: insane. I've known medical
dialog: people from those years who never
dialog: accepted --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Oh, you've known people? Who
dialog: have you known?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Individuals of principle.
dialog: Individuals inalterably
dialog: opposed --
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: who?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (combative)
dialog: My mother for one.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Your mother was a doctor?
speaker_heading: PETER
text: A nurse. At the Wuerzbach
dialog: Children's Clinic in Berlin.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: The Wuerzbach Children's
dialog: Clinic... really?
dialog: (slow, secret smile)
dialog: Well ask her. I'm sure she can
dialog: tell you.
text: With startling vitality Baumgarten shoves open the heavy
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. CITADEL - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: An eerie relic filled with deep shadows. The THROBBING
text: HISS is much louder here. Baumgarten hastens forward.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (provoked)
dialog: My mother worked for 30 years at
dialog: a school for the mentally
dialog: handicapped --contributing to
dialog: lives your book would have
text: dismissed as meaningless.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: (a look back; caustic)
dialog: Do you think I invented
dialog: Auschwitz? Is that what you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN (CONT'D)
dialog: All the tissue samples I
dialog: collected -- where do you think
dialog: they went? Who do you think
dialog: funded my research?
text: They've arrived at a narrow stairway. Baumgarten
text: plunges downward. The THROBBING QUICKENS.
scene_heading: ON STAIRWAY
text: Peter follows Baumgarten down. With every step, the
text: menacing THROBBING INTENSIFIES.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You maintain that everything
dialog: Mengele did at Auschwitz was a
dialog: function of mercy and compassion.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Without exception.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: The work of a dutiful physician.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Yes, Peter. Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (hard)
dialog: Explain Greta Holtz.
text: Baumgarten's eyes narrow. He can't place the name.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: At the railroad siding. She was
dialog: selected for gassing.
text: Baumgarten searches his memory.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: She didn't cooperate.
text: Before them now, all has become utter blackness. The
text: HISS is now a ROAR. Peter must shout.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: She wouldn't stay on the truck.
dialog: Josef Mengele would remember.
text: Baumgarten looks up sharply. At that instant, the ROAR
text: CRESCENDOS and an enormous black mass THUNDERS out of
text: the darkness, blowing dust and soot all around them -- a
text: mountainous steam locomotive scarcely an arm's length
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A string of decrepit CATTLE CARS follows. Between the
text: cars, flashes of light are seen.
text: The last car passes and a grim scene is unveiled across
text: the tracks: halted on a siding, a train disgorges a
text: procession of ragged passengers. Shouting soldiers herd
text: them toward a raised platform. Atop the platform stands
text: a young SS officer, polished cane in white-gloved hands.
dialog: Josef Mengele.
text: Peter and Baumgarten remain visible in f.g. as
text: passengers are made to pass before Mengele, who divides
text: them into two groups. The group on his left is crowded
text: onto open-bed trucks.
text: Mengele is distracted by a disturbance that has erupted
text: around a young woman who resists as soldiers force her
text: onto a truck. Once aboard, she climbs over the side and
text: drops back to the ground. Soldiers surround her.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Mengele had selected her for
dialog: death. She resisted. He was
text: outraged.
text: Baumgarten watches as young Mengele leaps down from his
text: platform and, with the back of his white-gloved hand,
text: strikes the woman. He shouts furiously as the soldiers
text: wrestle her back aboard the truck.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: (deeply unsettled)
dialog: Throughout my tour at Auschwitz,
dialog: I never harmed anyone. I can say
dialog: this absolutely and
dialog: categorically.
text: The truck begins to drive away. The woman throws
text: herself over the side, clambers to her feet and runs
text: blindly. Within seconds Mengele is upon her, striking
text: her repeatedly with his cane, brutally and without
dialog: mercy.
text: At the first blow, Baumgarten turns his back.
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Everything I did was done with
dialog: the utmost courtesy and
dialog: professional concern.
text: The woman falls and Mengele kicks her savagely.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: Some duties required great
dialog: courage.
text: When at last she lies still before him, Mengele turns
text: and marches back to the platform. Soldiers throw the
text: bloodied body onto the truck.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: This was medicine?
speaker_heading: BAUMGARTEN
dialog: (with mounting fervor)
dialog: Do you know what life was like at
dialog: Auschwitz? Hell. A hell in
dialog: which children and the old and
dialog: weak suffered unspeakably -- with
dialog: no hope for survival. A hell
dialog: from which I offered the only
dialog: escape.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Don't be naive, Peter. Medicine
dialog: will never conquer every disease.
dialog: And there will always come times
dialog: when caring physicians must kill.
dialog: (finally, barely a
dialog: whisper )
dialog: This is the defense of Josef
dialog: Mengele.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Peter looks at the old man as if at Satan himself.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Behold the Angel of Death.
scene_heading: INT. FORTRESS - MENGELE'S CELL - NIGHT
text: An austere, windowless accommodation of cold stone.
text: Toilet, bed, chair and writing table. Separated by a
text: wall of bars, Peter and Mengele sit facing away from one
text: another. Peter's head is down, his eyes fixed on the
text: Poor . Mengele appears exhausted. After a lengthy
dialog: silence:
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: It's terrifying, Peter, these
text: morons strutting around with
text: shaved heads and baseball bats,
text: playing dress-up like overgrown
dialog: children. Denying anyone died at
dialog: Auschwitz. Who do they think is
dialog: going to believe that?
dialog: Imbeciles.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MENGELE (CONT'D)
dialog: (and)
dialog: So easy to manipulate. But
dialog: impossible to control.
text: Mengele stands and steps to the bars.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: The size of your family -- it
dialog: puts you in an extremely
dialog: dangerous position. As a father,
dialog: a son, a husband -- I sympathize.
text: Peter never speaks.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: You can put a police guard on
dialog: every dear one of them and then
dialog: by some tragic mix-up at the
dialog: pharmacy your father receives the
dialog: wrong medication for his cardiac
dialog: arythmia. Simple as that.
text: Now Peter, full of thundering contempt, stands and faces
text: Mengele, only the bars between them.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No member of my family must ever
dialog: be threatened again. Agreed?
text: Mengele smiles with his eyes.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I think, Peter, you are being
text: dragged kicking and screaming
dialog: exactly where you've always
dialog: wanted to go.
speaker_heading: HOLD.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: Peter hurries from a taxi into the terminal.
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN AIR TERMINAL - GATE AREA - NIGHT
text: A flight is about to board. Cory looks like she's just
dialog: been told the most tasteless joke of her life.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter, be serious.
text: She chokes out a strangled, disbelieving laugh.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: You agreed to defend Josef
dialog: Mengele?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Not to defend him. To help him
dialog: tell the absolute truth.
text: Cory doesn't know what to say. This is too outrageous
dialog: to comprehend.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I'm waiting for the punch line.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: There is no punch line. This is
dialog: something I need to do.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: No. NO. What you need to do is
dialog: get on this plane with me and go
dialog: home.
text: Peter wants nothing more than to do exactly that, but
dialog: all he can say is:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Of course you can. Peter, you
dialog: had one foot on the plane this
dialog: afternoon. What happened?
text: Peter turns away. Agonizing. Turns back.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Do you remember that story when I
dialog: was nine or ten and I went
dialog: sledding and crashed into my
dialog: friend Erik's tree?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Oh, Peter. Not this. Not now.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And Erik's sweet old uncle
dialog: carried me inside and held me on
dialog: his lap until my parents came?
dialog: And sang Christmas carols in that
dialog: awful voice, "Silent night, holy
dialog: night," and I told my mother I
dialog: thought he was the kindest, most
dialog: wonderful man I'd ever met?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter -- I remember.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Do you remember what she told me?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: That during the war he'd been an
dialog: officer at Treblinka.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: She told me that that kind,
dialog: wonderful man was a killer.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: She told me that my home town was
dialog: full of killers. And that the
dialog: cruelest and most monstrous of
dialog: them all was a doctor. He was a
dialog: doctor. How does a thing like
dialog: that happen?
dialog: 
text: Cory studies him. No sale.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter, what happened here this
dialog: afternoon?
text: He doesn't answer. Cory's flight is called. A line of
text: passengers forms.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: This doesn't make sense. You're
dialog: risking your practice. Risking
dialog: your reputation. Risking us.
dialog: What aren't you telling me?
text: Peter is silent. Cory's fury boils over.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Peter, these people beat you and
dialog: drugged you and shipped you
dialog: halfway around the world -- and
dialog: you could have died. And now you
dialog: want to go back for more?!
dialog: (stands)
dialog: You'd better figure out what
dialog: you're doing before you destroy
dialog: everything that matters to you.
text: She heads for the line of passengers.
speaker_heading: ON CORY
text: In line with angry tears.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Peter watches her for a long moment before crossing to
text: her. When at length he speaks, it is with a new and far
text: more vulnerable tone.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Last summer, when your editor
dialog: tried to kill herself -- Do you
dialog: remember what you told me then,
dialog: about needing to understand why?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I remember that I talked to her.
dialog: I wrote about it. And I got past
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: But what if -- what if that same
dialog: summer both your sisters had
dialog: walked out on their families and
dialog: checked themselves into
dialog: psychiatric hospitals? And then
dialog: you got a call that your mother
dialog: had slit her wrists?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: Peter --
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Wouldn't you start to wonder?
dialog: ground zero)
dialog: If it could happen to you?
text: She_ catches the brokenness in his voice and turns to
dialog: really look at him. This is no idle curiosity at work
text: but something far more visceral, issuing from deep
dialog: within.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: What are you saying? You're
dialog: afraid you're going to turn into
dialog: someone like Josef Mengele?
text: He can't answer, but what she sees in his wide eyes
text: softens her.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: But don't you know how crazy that
dialog: is? Nothing's like that is ever
dialog: going to happen to you.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: (hand to his cheek)
dialog: Because you are a good man.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Am 1?
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: The very best.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Have you ever thought how many
dialog: thousands of Germans it took to
dialog: gas six million Jews? Don't you
dialog: think any of those people started
dialog: out like us? How do good people
dialog: go bad, Cory? I've thought about
dialog: it since the day I met that kind
dialog: old killer... but never...
dialog: ever... have I found an answer.
dialog: (again)
dialog: How do people go bad?
text: Peter's soul laid bare before her, Cory looks at him
text: with deep compassion.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Maybe Josef Mengele can tell me.
dialog: And maybe then I can get past it.
text: For the first time, Cory sees the inevitability of it
text: all. She makes a huge and unwelcome decision, equal
text: parts outrage and devotion. She steps out of line.
text: Steps to Peter.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Damn you.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: The PHONE RINGS unanswered. Peter enters and hurries to
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Rohm here... Yes, Horst.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN HOSPITAL - ICU - ON VOIGT
text: He's grim.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: How serious are you about taking
dialog: this case to trial?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why -- what's happening?
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: After you left him tonight, the
text: old man collapsed in his cell.
dialog: They think it's a stroke.
text: Behind Voigt, medical personnel attend a prone patient.
text: Federal police nearby.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (disbelief )
dialog: I was just with him -- How bad is
dialog: he?
speaker_heading: VOIGT
text: Bad. On top of the stroke it
text: looks like he's full of tumors.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Cancer?
speaker_heading: VOIGT
text: Everywhere but his eyeballs. He
dialog: had to have known for months.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Is_ he... Is he conscious? Can he
dialog: talk?
text: Voigt looks across the ICU to Mengele, run through with
text: probes and tubes, lying very still.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Right now, he can't do much of
text: anything. He's drooling a
dialog: little. I'm calling because the
dialog: presiding judge was just here.
dialog: We go to trial Monday morning.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Monday?! Three days?!
dialog: Impossible.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: We have no choice. If we don't
dialog: start Monday, we may not start at
dialog: all.
text: Cory has entered behind Peter. He looks to her with
text: unbearable heaviness.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Rohm? Are you there?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (finally)
dialog: I'm here.
speaker_heading: IN CLOUDS
text: White wisps in the morning blue. A TELEPHONE is DIALED.
speaker_heading: PETER (V.0O.)
dialog: Yes, I'm trying to locate a Dr.
dialog: Karl Gross. Is he at this
dialog: number?
text: CAMERA DESCENDS, taking in the top of a stately old
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN (V.O.)
dialog: Dr. Heinrich Knaupt. I was told
dialog: you might know his whereabouts.
speaker_heading: PETER (V.O.)
dialog: No, no, that's Beckmann. Dr.
dialog: Julius Beckmann. B-E-C -
dialog: KK...
text: CAMERA CONTINUES its GLIDE DOWN the side of the grand
dialog: structure.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN (V.O.)
dialog: We're interested in talking to
dialog: your grandfather.... I'm very
dialog: sorry, I didn't know.
text: STREET NOISE SURGES as CAMERA REACHES ground level,
text: REVEALING a scene crawling with hawkers, gawkers,
text: protesters, press and police. SUPERIMPOSE:
scene_heading: CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING, BERLIN
text: CAMERA PUSHES FORWARD, PAST protestors holding signs
text: that declare "NEVER AGAIN," BETWEEN television news
text: crews, THROUGH a knot of tattooed thugs in leather
dialog: jackets.
speaker_heading: PETER (V.O.)
dialog: How's the patient?
dialog: (frustrated beat)
dialog: Call me if there's any change.
text: CAMERA MOVES INTO the noisy lobby of the courthouse
text: where officers perform body searches on everyone who
text: enters.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING - COURTROOM NO. 700 -
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: The gallery is packed. Cory sits near the back, ill-at-
text: ease. Behind her sits Mueller. A contingent of armed
text: federal police sweeps in, followed by a medical team
text: tending a gurney on which lies Mengele, plugged into a
text: battery of portable monitors, eyes open but vacant,
text: staring down and to the left. They whisk Mengele into a
text: glass enclosure, a compact, bulletproof intensive care
text: unit. Looking like he hasn't slept in days, Peter turns
dialog: to Hillmann.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We have nothing, Felix. The
dialog: trial's beginning and we have
dialog: nothing.
text: He shoves a sheet of legal paper toward Hillmann.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Check out these names.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: Is it any use? Every doctor who
dialog: ever studied or worked with him
dialog: has died or disappeared. We've
dialog: got to try something else.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: The defendant's in a coma.
dialog: Unless he wakes up... there is
dialog: nothing else.
text: Peter stuffs the list into Hillmann's hand.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Go.
text: Hillmann moves off. Five solemn JUDGES sweep in and
text: take seats behind the bench. There is no jury.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: On the record in the matter of
dialog: Germany vs. Mengele, let the
dialog: record show the defendant is
dialog: present... Herr Rohm present for
dialog: the defense... Herr Voigt for
dialog: Germany.
text: Voigt sits with a team of assistants.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Herr Voigt, you may proceed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Voigt rises with assurance, his manner straightforward
dialog: and untheatrical.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Your Honors, Germany will show
dialog: that the defendant, Josef
dialog: Mengele, stood at the railroad
dialog: sidings of Auschwitz and
dialog: knowingly selected thousands upon
dialog: thousands of individuals for
dialog: death by gassing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That he performed fiendish
dialog: experiments unparalleled in
dialog: cruelty.
text: After each charge Voigt pauses, allowing its full weight
text: to register. A damning cadence.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: That he trafficked in the corpses
text: of his victims, dispensing body
dialog: parts like Christmas gifts.
text: All attention in the courtroom is focused on the glass
dialog: enclosure.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
text: That he stood on the abdomens of
dialog: pregnant women causing their
text: fetuses to be expelled.
text: Cory recoils. Peter closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Germany will show that nobody
dialog: made the defendant do these
dialog: things. He did them because he
dialog: wanted to, with the enthusiasm of
dialog: a man who loved his work.
text: Voigt's hand comes to rest atop an unmarked cardboard
text: box on his table.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Half a century has passed since
dialog: the defendant committed his
dialog: crimes, and most witnesses have
dialog: died. We're left with their
dialog: sworn testimony --
text: (pulls a yellowed
dialog: file from the box)
dialog: -- affidavits describing in
dialog: horrifying detail the crimes they
dialog: suffered.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Voigt stuffs the file back in the box and carries it to
text: the glass enclosure to gaze in at the accused.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Because of the extraordinary
dialog: circumstances surrounding this
dialog: trial, Germany has agreed to call
dialog: only a limited number of
dialog: witnesses. However, to do
dialog: justice to the multitude of
dialog: witnesses and victims we're
dialog: unable to hear --
text: Voigt strides across the courtroom, CAMERA SWEEPING WITH
text: him to reveal a mountain of boxes stacked to the
text: ceiling, a staggering sight. Voigt adds his box to the
dialog: mound.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: -- Germany submits their
dialog: testimony for the record.
text: Voigt takes his seat. The Presiding Judge looks to
dialog: Peter.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: For the defense?
text: Peter looks at the motionless defendant, the tantalizing
text: stare, the head titled down and to the left as if he
text: might simply be lost in thought. Peter turns back.
dialog: Impotent.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Nothing at this time.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Germany may call its first
dialog: witness.
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN HOTEL ROOM
text: Hillmann's bent over a telephone, papers and phone books
text: spread across the bed.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You have no idea where he went
dialog: after he retired? He never
dialog: phoned, never wrote?
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM NO. 700 - ON STAND - ESTELLE
text: A Frenchwoman in her sixties. Voigt stands before her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: (the memory vivid)
dialog: We'd been on the train six days
dialog: when the doors finally opened and
text: everyone began jumping out.
dialog: Soldiers shouted at us and pushed
text: us into line. Up ahead, an
dialog: officer was separating us into
dialog: two groups. When we got close
dialog: enough to see this officer, I was
dialog: surprised that he was a handsome
dialog: young man with a kind face. I'd
dialog: been frightened by the soldiers
dialog: but this face reassured me...
text: Peter looks up, stirred by something in this testimony.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: He was whistling... and he
dialog: pointed my sister and her baby to
dialog: one side and me to the other. I
dialog: spoke up and said she's my sister
dialog: and couldn't we stay together.
dialog: He said my sister was going toa
dialog: special family camp, but we'd see
dialog: one another later... I waved
dialog: goodbye to Elisse, and the
dialog: officer started whistling
dialog: again...
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Did you in fact ever see your
dialog: sister or niece after that?
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: Of course not. There's no record
dialog: they ever came to Auschwitz...
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Do you know the officer's name?
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: (flat)
dialog: Mengele.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: No further questions.
text: Voigt returns to his seat.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Herr Rohm?
text: Peter gazes at the inert defendant.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Makes an excruciating decision. He approaches the
text: witness, respectful... but curious.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You said the soldiers were cruel.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
text: They had whips and were beating
dialog: people to make them move faster,
dialog: beating even the children.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did you see Dr. Mengele beat
dialog: anyone?
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did you hear him encourage the
dialog: soldiers who were doing the
dialog: beating?
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: During your encounter with Dr.
dialog: Mengele at the train ramp, did he
dialog: strike you as a madman or a
dialog: lunatic?
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: (a_beat)
dialog: Not at all.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: He stood out, you said, as a kind
dialog: man.
text: She thinks about that. Reluctant.
speaker_heading: ESTELLE
dialog: He seemed to care about us...
text: Peter's eyes find Cory in the gallery. This work turns
text: his stomach.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - HILLMANN
text: On the phone, aggravated beyond words.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: He's your husband. You want me
dialog: to believe you don't know how to
dialog: contact him?! Do you understand
dialog: that this is a criminal
dialog: proceeding?
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - ANOTHER GERMAN MAN ON STAND
dialog: Seventies,
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: a wisp of a man. Voigt's before him.
speaker_heading: GERMAN MAN #2
dialog: Mengele woke me at about two AM
dialog: and ordered me to set up lights
dialog: and a phonograph. I'd barely
dialog: finished when SS men brought
dialog: hundreds of female prisoners out
text: under the lights. It was a cold
text: night, some snow on the ground,
dialog: but all the women were naked.
dialog: Mengele gave me a record album
dialog: and told me to play it as loud as
dialog: I could.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: What happened when the music
dialog: started?
speaker_heading: GERMAN MAN #2
dialog: He made the women dance... and
dialog: then he walked among them,
dialog: pointing out the most pathetic
dialog: ones. Those he pointed out were
dialog: taken to die.
text: Peter with the same witness.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You said that when Dr. Mengele
dialog: examined the women, he pointed
dialog: out 'the most pathetic ones.' Do
dialog: you mean he was looking for
dialog: clumsy dancers?
speaker_heading: GERMAN MAN #2
dialog: I mean he was looking for the
dialog: weak ones, the sick ones, the
dialog: ones who couldn't keep moving.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: The weak ones and the sick ones.
dialog: So his selections were based
dialog: entirely on the women's physical
dialog: condition... on medical criteria?
speaker_heading: GERMAN MAN #2
dialog: More or less.
text: Peter is unable to mask his own revulsion at his hideous
dialog: task.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INSIDE GLASS ENCLOSURE
text: Court in recess. Mengele lies propped in the bed,
text: unchanged. Opposite him stands Peter, darkly watching
text: the old man breathe. Peter squats, gets into Mengele's
text: line of sight, gazes intensely into his eyes, watching,
dialog: wondering.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN (0.S.)
dialog: Peter --
text: Hillmann, energized, rushes toward him. Peter meets him
text: outside the enclosure.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: I think we've got a live one --
dialog: (hands him a scrap
dialog: of paper)
text: It was left at the hotel desk.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Midnight tonight. Ravenstrasse
dialog: 122. Stand before the lion' --
dialog: signed 'Beckmann.'
dialog: (mystified)
dialog: Beckmann -- the professor?
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: He's on your list. Mengele sent
dialog: him shipments of ‘biological
dialog: material' from Auschwitz -- club
text: feet, skeletons of hunchbacks.
text: Electrified, Peter gathers his papers. From the back of
text: the courtroom, Mueller watches.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN STREET - NIGHT
text: An ancient section of the city. Old shops stretch along
text: one side of the street; a vast cathedral rises on the
text: other. The headlights of a lone car sweep around a
text: distant corner.
speaker_heading: PETER (V.O.)
dialog: "Stand before the lion.'
dialog: (then)
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: HILLMANN (V.O.)
dialog: Five to midnight.
speaker_heading: PETER (V.0O.)
dialog: Do you see 122?
text: The car pulls alongside the church. A flashlight
text: searches and comes to rest on three digits above the
dialog: cathedral entrance: 122.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHEDRAL - NIGHT
text: A graveyard encircles the church. Peter and Hillmann
text: move to an iron gate.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hey, Felix -- see any lions?
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: No lions.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Keep your eyes open.
text: He pushes open the gate. Two steps in, he's stopped by
text: a FERAL HISSING. Hillmann leaps back as Peter probes
text: wildly with the flashlight, catching the red glint of
text: feline eyes before settling on a bloated tomcat. The
text: CAT MOANS with an almost human cry, then waddles
text: languidly out the gate.
text: Sharing an edgy chuckle, they traverse the graveyard to
text: the church entrance. Peter tries the door. It's
text: locked. He shines his light through a window, sees
dialog: nothing.
text: Easing along the side of the church, they round a corner
text: and a lighted sculpture comes into view, stopping them
text: in their tracks: a placid lamb snuggled against a huge
dialog: stone lion.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: ‘And the lion shall lie down with
dialog: the lamb...'
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: They hurry through the tombstones to the base of the
text: statue. Peter shines his light around.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Dr. Beckmann? Hello? Dr.
dialog: Beckmann?
dialog: (checks watch)
dialog: Midnight straight up. Could we
dialog: have missed him?
text: Peter's light has come to rest on a grave marker
text: directly before the statue.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: We didn't miss him.
speaker_heading: GRAVE MARKER
dialog: "JULIUS BECKMANN, Beloved Husband, Father, Physician,
dialog: 1906-1987."
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Hillmann gives Peter a sick, betrayed look.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Let's get some sleep.
text: They turn to go. DISEMBODIED LAUGHTER RINGS OUT. In
text: the shadow of the stone lion, something moves. Peter
text: and Hillmann take an involuntary step backward as a
text: tall, skeletal wraith emerges.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Mueller. Of course.
text: The old attorney takes up a position directly behind
text: Beckmann's gravestone.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: "Dr. Beckmann?... Dr. Beckmann?!"
dialog: (smiles)
text: Regrettably, Dr. Beckmann is...
text: indisposed.
text: Peter is furious.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Do you know how much of my time
dialog: you just wasted? We're a week
dialog: into the trial and I have
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Nothing but a big phone bill. Oh
dialog: yes, I've heard all about your
text: fruitless search for witnesses.
dialog: You call them, they call me --
dialog: (beat )
dialog: It's too bad you can't chat with
dialog: Beckmann. He was so fond of our
dialog: friend.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Did you know he obtained money
dialog: from the German Research Council
dialog: to build the doctor a laboratory
dialog: at Auschwitz?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I know something about what he
dialog: got for his money -- the little
dialog: packages that came in the mail...
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: And what should he have done,
dialog: thrown priceless scientific
dialog: material in the garbage? For
dialog: him, it was an opportunity to
dialog: understand human disease.
dialog: Perhaps even to ease suffering.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (acidly)
dialog: Will he testify to that in court?
dialog: Wake up, Mueller. You're an
dialog: attorney. I need someone I can
text: put on the stand.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Maybe you should take your
dialog: client's advice and recruit some
dialog: nice Dutch doctors.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What the hell can Dutch doctors
dialog: tell us? They resisted the Nazi
dialog: medicine -- many of them to the
dialog: death.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: No, Peter. Not then. Now.
text: Then Mueller waves it off, as if he doesn't mean to be
text: taken seriously. He examines the grave marker.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Did you know that even before the
dialog: war, good Dr. Beckmann lobbied
dialog: Hitler for permission to extend
dialog: mercy to a number of children
dialog: under his care?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Hillmann; he's
dialog: heard enough)
dialog: Let's get out of here.
text: Peter and Hillmann start across the churchyard. Mueller
text: allows them a few steps before dropping his bombshell.
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Of course this was before the
dialog: university. While he was still
text: director at Wuerzbach.
dialog: The information has its desired effect: Peter turns
text: back as if shot. And can't stop himself from asking:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Beckmann was at Wuerzbach?
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: Didn't you know?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: The Wuerzbach Children's Clinic?
speaker_heading: MUELLER
dialog: (offhand)
dialog: He had an excellent staff. Very
dialog: supportive. Very forward-
dialog: thinking.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I thought you would have known...
dialog: you know, because of your mother.
text: Peter's heart has stopped. Mueller smiles his smile.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DEAD OF NIGHT
text: Cory's asleep. Peter lies beside her, unable to still
text: his troubled thoughts. He picks up the bedside phone
text: then just as quickly replaces it. Agonized, he stares
text: at the phone before lifting the receiver and dialing a
dialog: number he knows by heart.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hello -- it's me... I'm sorry to
dialog: call so -- No, everything's fine.
dialog: We're both --
text: Wakened by his call, Cory rolls over.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I was just... I couldn't sleep
dialog: and --
text: He falls into silence. Cory watches him until:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'm sorry, Mama. I shouldn't
dialog: have called.
dialog: (finally)
dialog: I just needed to hear your voice.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM NO. 700 - DAY
text: Once again Cory sits in the back of the gallery. On the
text: stand is RACHEL, a woman in her sixties, well-dressed,
text: composed. She has no right arm.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: All his twins they kept ina
dialog: place we called the Zoo. Him we
dialog: called...
dialog: (a_look toward Mengele)
dialog: Him we called Uncle Pepi.
text: Mengele's arms lie neatly at his sides. His gaze
text: remains fixed as before, down and to the left.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: He made sure we got enough to
text: eat. Soft beds. Clothes.
dialog: Ribbons for our hair. And
dialog: chocolate. Always there was
dialog: chocolate when Uncle Pepi visited
dialog: his children. We were eleven, my
dialog: sister Sarah and I, and we
dialog: thought... we thought he was so
dialog: handsome...
text: (trails off as she
text: glances again toward
dialog: the enclosure)
dialog: One day he came for Sarah and me.
dialog: He made it a game. Follow the
dialog: leader.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Mengele's
dialog: No change.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: He made us laugh... We followed
dialog: to the hospital where they
dialog: measured us, it was so strange,
dialog: our noses and ears and around our
dialog: heads. And they said... They
dialog: said take off your dresses so
dialog: Uncle Pepi can look at you.
dialog: (shivers)
dialog: He looked... at everything.
text: Comparing every possible detail,
text: looking, looking, looking.
text: nurse glances at a monitor, makes a notation.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: When he finished looking, he
dialog: strapped us to examination tables
dialog: and made little marks with his
dialog: pen, one on my arm and one on
dialog: Sarah's. He said be brave, it's
dialog: going to hurt a little, and he
text: cut with a knife along the marks.
text: Then he smeared something in the
dialog: cuts. We didn't cry and he said
dialog: it made him happy that we were so
dialog: brave.
dialog: (her composure falters)
dialog: That we were such good girls.
text: She blinks at Voigt, who waits patiently. The courtroom
text: is silent.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I woke up that night back in the
text: Zoo, soaked in sweat. My arm was
text: burning, all red and swollen
text: around the cut. Sarah's was
dialog: worse. We begged to see Uncle
dialog: Pepi, to get medicine, but they
dialog: said he was busy. We waited for
dialog: three days before he sent for us.
dialog: Three days. Forever. Sarah's
dialog: fingers were black, and when he
dialog: saw that my fingers hadn't
dialog: turned, he was fascinated. We
dialog: begged him, please help us, do
dialog: something, we had so much pain.
dialog: He told us that we mustn't cry.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RACHEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (and so she doesn't)
dialog: Three days later the camp was
dialog: liberated and I never saw him
dialog: again. Until today.
dialog: (pause)
text: Sarah died. A Russian doctor
dialog: took my arm.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM NO. 700 - LATER
text: A POLISH WOMAN, 75, testifies. In the glass enclosure,
text: the nurse is not yet aware of a new sound -- her
dialog: patient's odd WHEEZING.
speaker_heading: POLISH WOMAN
dialog: (vehemently)
dialog: He was an animal. I came to
text: Auschwitz with two sets of twins,
dialog: two sons and two daughters, and
dialog: he wanted to know how I got so
dialog: many twins.
text: A STRANGLED COUGH from Mengele finally turns the nurse's
text: head. He's moved, arms askew, an IV line torn free.
speaker_heading: POLISH WOMAN
dialog: "At what age did you first make
dialog: love?' 'How many lovers did you
dialog: have beside your husband?' 'How
dialog: often are you with a lover?'
dialog: (stands to address
dialog: Mengele directly)
dialog: I have a question for you,
dialog: Butcher! If you love twins so
dialog: much, why did you kill mine?!
text: But her rage turns to horror when the nurse moves aside
text: to reveal that Mengele's head has turned so that he now
text: looks straight back at his accuser. He coughs.
scene_heading: INSIDE GLASS ENCLOSURE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nurse and doctor work on Mengele who labors for each
text: breath. His eyes fall on Peter. The old man tries to
dialog: speak. No words come.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNNY BERLIN STREET - DAY
text: Peter gazes darkly across the street at a two-story
text: brick building distinguished by the words above the
scene_heading: entrance: "THE WUERZBACH CLINIC FOR CHILDREN'S
text: MEDICINE." He teeters between an urge to flee and an
dialog: inescapable need to know.
dialog: 76.
text: TIGHT ON THE FACE OF A CLOWN
text: Bulbous nose, red lips, a single blue tear. LAUGHTER.
scene_heading: INT. WUERZBACH CHILDREN'S CLINIC - DAY
text: Children surround the clown, many in wheelchairs, others
text: leaning on walkers or crutches. One slouches in her
text: seat, head hanging to the side, drooling into her lap.
text: Another rocks back and forth, moaning grotesquely. The
text: clown sifts through a boy's hair and produces a tiny
text: white mouse. The boy's eyes grow huge. Gasps of
text: delight. A door opens and Peter steps in.
text: A hulking teen wearing knee pads and a protective helmet
text: lurches toward Peter with a huge welcoming grin. Peter
text: flinches reflexively. A staff member redirects the
dialog: patient.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC CORRIDOR
text: Peter strides past treatment rooms, patient rooms, an X-
text: ray lab, catching sight everywhere of disabled young
text: patients. He reaches a stairway and ascends.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC - DIRECTOR'S OUTER OFFICE
text: The SECRETARY's a brusque, efficient woman of about 60.
text: She's on the phone when Peter enters.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: You'll have to wait until
dialog: Thursday. The director will be
dialog: out of the office tomorrow.
text: She hangs up and looks to Peter.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Yes, how can I help you?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: My name's Peter Rohm. I called.
text: A half beat, then the Secretary dials a two-digit code
text: and turns away from Peter, speaking with hushed
text: intensity. The door to the inner office opens and
text: DOCTOR FRANK emerges, an energetic, baby-faced man in
dialog: his thirties.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Doctor Frank? I'm Peter Rohm --
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Yes, I know. And as I told you
dialog: on the phone, I don't have time
dialog: to deal with you now.
text: Frank continues past Peter and out of the office.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/STAIRWAY
text: Peter overtakes the fast-moving Frank on the stairs.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Doctor, if you could give me even
dialog: a few minutes --
text: Frank reaches steps into the X-ray lab. Peter waits
text: impatiently as Frank huddles with another doctor. When
text: the consultation concludes Frank exits the lab and
text: continues down the corridor, Peter at his side.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'd like to look at your records
dialog: for the years Julius Beckmann was
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Where's your court order?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Am I going to need one?
text: Frank enters a patient room, peruses a chart, makes a
text: notation, then exits and continues his forced march.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: We're very busy today. Come back
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Tomorrow? Fine. And when I come
dialog: back and you're not here -- I'll
dialog: just start interviewing your
dialog: employees.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: You stay away from my employees.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why? What are you hiding? What
dialog: happened here?!
text: Frank turns on Peter.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Nothing happened here! This
dialog: clinic was founded as a haven for
dialog: children no one else wanted. We
dialog: don't kill our patients -- and we
dialog: never have. Ever. So don't drag
dialog: us into your defense of that
dialog: butcher.
text: The depth of Frank's conviction gives Peter pause. He
text: softens slightly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I don't intend to drag you into
dialog: anything, Doctor. My interest
dialog: here isn't professional. It's
dialog: personal.
text: Frank's eyebrows go up. A moment as each man evaluates
dialog: the other
text: A moment.
dialog: anew.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How much do you really know about
dialog: what was done here during the
dialog: war? Have you been through the
dialog: records?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: (just a tad off the point)
dialog: Nothing in those records bears on
dialog: your case.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Meaning you haven't been through
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: I've only been here eight weeks.
dialog: I'm a pediatric surgeon, not a
dialog: historian.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Then you don't really know
dialog: anything, do you.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: After you called, I talked to my
dialog: secretary. She's been here
dialog: forever. If there'd been
dialog: killing, she would know.
dialog: (and)
dialog: She's absolutely reliable.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Then you wouldn't object if I
dialog: talked to her myself.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S OUTER OFFICE
speaker_heading: The PHONE
text: IS RINGING. After three or four rings, the
text: door opens and Frank leads Peter in. He looks around.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Karin?
text: But the Secretary is nowhere to be found. Frank looks
text: inside his inner office. Emerges. Giving Peter an odd
text: look. This isn't right. The PHONE continues to RING.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC - BASEMENT STAIRWAY
text: A little-used access to the clinic's basement. Peter
text: and Frank descend to a locked door. Frank awkwardly
text: inserts a key. The old lock resists and he must
text: struggle before it turns and the door swings open. He
text: switches on a light, revealing row upon row of ancient
text: medical files bathed in dust.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cory's on the phone when Peter blasts in, face grim.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: -- Then let's move that paragraph
dialog: up... No it doesn't, not if you
dialog: cut the reference to Munich.
text: Peter throws things into a suitcase.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: (covers mouthpiece)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I have to catch a train.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'll call you back.
dialog: (quickly hangs up)
dialog: What do you mean -- where are you
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Home.
text: He snaps his suitcase and looks at her, sick with
text: unwelcome knowledge. A DIESEL GROWL BUILDS.
scene_heading: EXT. GERMAN COUNTRYSIDE - LATE NIGHT
text: The ROAR CRESCENDOS. Out of the darkness THUNDERS a
text: DIESEL LOCOMOTIVE trailing a string of passenger cars.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - LATE NIGHT
text: Nearly everyone is asleep. Peter sits awake, staring
text: out as the lights of the countryside flash past. Cory
text: sits beside him, also awake, silent and dismayed.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DOOR - PRE-DAWN
text: A fist pounds. The door opens to reveal a sleepy Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Peter --
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Peter stands on his parents' front porch with Cory.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Without a word, Peter enters the house.
scene_heading: INT. MAX AND HILDE'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Peter takes the stairs two at a time.
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Max?
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Peter steps into the room. He's trembling.
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: Peter! Are you all right?
text: Max and Cory arrive in time to hear:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I've been at Wuerzbach, Mama.
text: Going through old records.
text: Hilde's mouth opens. No sound comes out.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: In the last half of 1939 -- your
dialog: first year there -- over 50
dialog: children died of 'an adverse
dialog: reaction to medication.'
dialog: (then)
dialog: What happened, Mama?... Tell me
dialog: you didn't know.
text: But there's no fight in her eyes, no denial. Only great
text: sadness. And shame. Peter deflates like a ruptured
text: balloon, sinking back against the door frame.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER NIGHT
text: Peter and Hilde face one another across the kitchen
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: I was 21 years old when I started
dialog: at Wuerzbach, straight out of
dialog: nursing school. In those days
dialog: the place was full of babies with
dialog: the most heart-breaking
dialog: deformities. I'd change their
dialog: diapers and give them bottles,
dialog: but at the end of my shift I'd go
dialog: home and cry because I wanted to
dialog: do so much more. We all did.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Some of the parents had heard
dialog: rumors of children at other
dialog: hospitals, severely impaired
dialog: children, receiving certain
dialog: medication... certain doses of
dialog: medication... And they asked us
dialog: why we couldn't do the same for
dialog: their children... They were very
dialog: insistent. And it seemed... at
dialog: the time it seemed... so wise
dialog: and... so good.
text: Peter sags beneath the weight of his mother's words.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How were they killed?
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: A sedative was added to the
dialog: child's water, and after two or
dialog: three days, after he'd had
dialog: enough, he just fell asleep...
text: Peter looks directly at his mother and asks the most
dialog: horrible question.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What was your role, Mama?
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: My role...? I was never asked to
dialog: administer the sedative, if
dialog: that's what you mean.
dialog: (a_ beat; naked)
dialog: But I would have.
text: Peter's eyes are locked on Hilde. A tear appears. Then
text: he does something unexpected. He moves to his mother,
text: slides his arms around her and holds on.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHM HOUSE - DAWN
text: Peter and Cory exit the Volvo and walk silently to the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. ROHM HOUSE
text: A light is switched on. Peter and Cory stand inside the
text: front door. Laundry is piled on the couch. Dirty
text: dishes and a jug of soured milk are on the table.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I left in such a hurry.
text: She begins cleaning up. Peter hasn't moved. Finally:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: While my mother was talking,
dialog: something came back to me.
dialog: Something I'd forgotten until
dialog: now.
dialog: (this haunts him)
dialog: It was after she told me about
text: Erik's uncle and Treblinka. She
dialog: said, "You must be careful,
dialog: Peter. It can happen to anyone."
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Those were her words.
text: Cory watches him as he stands thinking about that for a
text: long, long moment. He steps abruptly to a closet, pulls
text: out a cardboard box and heads upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS OFFICE
text: Peter sweeps a stack of files from his desk into the
text: box. He steps to the file cabinet and jerks open the
text: second drawer, "G-M." It sticks. He yanks furiously,
text: pulling it completely out of the cabinet. It crashes to
text: the floor. Peter picks up files of yellowed pages and
text: dumps them in the box. He digs in the closet for the SS
text: uniform. This also goes in the box.
scene_heading: EXT. ROHM HOUSE - BACK YARD
text: Peter throws open the back door and crosses the yard to
text: a trash bin. He dumps the box. The SS uniform spills
text: onto the ground. Peter stands over it, head bent low,
text: shoulders heaving.
text: Cory watches from the house.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS OFFICE - LATER
text: Peter enters and picks through the debris. Cory appears
text: in the doorway. He glances up, made uncomfortable by
text: her presence, then returns to his work but is unable to
text: escape the sensation of her eyes upon him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What?
text: Cory shakes her head. Nothing. He steps to his desk
text: and discards computer disks. She keeps watching.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It's over. You should be
dialog: thrilled.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: (simply)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You told me to stay off this
dialog: case. You warned me.
text: She just keeps watching until he can take it no longer
text: and stops his work, still looking away from her.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Just say it. What?
text: Cory waits. At last, her tone unaccusing:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Explain to me what's going to
dialog: happen when court resumes and
dialog: you're not there.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Felix will just have to handle
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Six weeks out of law school -- I
dialog: didn't know he was ready for a
dialog: case like this.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (voice near breaking)
dialog: Well neither am I.
text: If Peter were to look at Cory, he'd see tears in her
text: eyes. He doesn't. Instead, he scoops up the papers and
text: diskettes and starts out of the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: So you'll leave it like this --
dialog: your mother and Josef Mengele
text: lumped together under the heading
dialog: pogod people of Gunzburg gone
dialog: ad."
text: Peter stops in the doorway. Turns back. And for the
text: first time sees Cory's tears.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: That night at the airport, when
dialog: you told me you were taking this
dialog: case -- I had to make a decision.
dialog: Because I knew that when you go
dialog: after the truth, you go wherever
dialog: it leads, no matter what it
text: costs, all the way to the end.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I hate this, Peter. I hate that
dialog: you took this case. But I love
dialog: you. So I chose to come along.
text: Cory crosses to stand directly before her husband.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Don't leave us halfway there.
text: He draws a long, uneven breath.
scene_heading: INT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING - BASEMENT CORRIDOR
dialog: - 9 AM
text: An anxiety-ridden Hillmann charges down a dim and
text: little-trafficked passageway.
scene_heading: INT. TOP-SECURITY BASEMENT HOLDING CELL
text: A great commotion as guards noisily unlock the cell door
text: and slide it open. In his bed at the center of the
text: cell, Josef Mengele, remarkably alert and exceedingly
text: agitated, strains to see who's arrived. His voice is
text: weak and rasping but he can once again speak.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Is he here?
text: His left arm lies limp at his side, the left side of his
text: face is unresponsive, and every word comes with
text: difficulty. Hillmann steps into his field of view.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I don't want you. I want Peter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: I'm sorry... we can't seem to
dialog: locate him.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Can't locate --
text: Mengele thinks half a beat.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Get me the prosecutor.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: I beg your --
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Voigt. Get him, dammit! I want
dialog: to talk!
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM NO. 700 - 10 AM
text: A hush in the packed courtroom as Mengele is wheeled
text: into the enclosure. His bed is positioned and a
text: microphone is swung into position. Hillmann sits alone
text: at the defense table, his head in his hands.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Back on the record in the matter
dialog: of Germany vs. Mengele. Herr
dialog: Voigt present for Germany, Herr
dialog: Hillmann for the defense.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Does the defendant understand
dialog: that if he testifies this
dialog: morning, it will be asa
dialog: prosecution witness, against the
dialog: advice and over the objections of
dialog: counsel?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I do.
text: Mengele's VOICE, though frail, is AMPLIFIED so that it
text: fills the room. His WHEEZING, too, is eerily MAGNIFIED.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Has the defendant come to this
dialog: decision voluntarily, without
dialog: threat or coercion?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I have.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: Your Honor, please --
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: (overriding)
text: Then, in view of the defendant's
dialog: precarious health and the
dialog: overriding value of his
dialog: testimony, the court is going to
dialog: overrule defense objections.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Your Honor --
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Herr Hillmann, the court has
dialog: noted your strenuous objections.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Germany may proceed.
text: Hillmann sinks helplessly into his seat as Voigt rises
text: and approaches the enclosure. Mengele gazes back with
text: death-defying determination.
text: He coughs
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Doctor Mengele. During the
dialog: period May 1943 to January 1945,
dialog: did you in fact serve as a
dialog: physician at the Auschwitz
dialog: concentration camp?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Is it true that you came to
dialog: Auschwitz as a volunteer?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: No one ordered you. You
dialog: volunteered.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: painfully.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: While at Auschwitz, were you at
dialog: times responsible for certifying
dialog: death at mass gassings?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
text: Hillmann glances toward the closed door at the rear of
text: the courtroom. No sign of Peter.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Is it true that you were often
dialog: present when inmates were
dialog: unloaded from arriving trains?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Who was responsible on those
dialog: occasions for determining the
dialog: immediate destination of each of
dialog: those new arrivals?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I was.
text: Voigt's astonished by how easy this is.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Germany has given evidence that
dialog: you were present on well over
dialog: forty occasions. Would you
dialog: dispute that number?
text: There's a tiny glimmer of fire in the dull eyes. An
dialog: infinitesimal show of strength.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: It was a big job.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM NO. 700 - LATER
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Did you expose prisoners to X-
dialog: rays in so-called experiments
dialog: aimed at sterilizing them?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Again Hillmann looks for Peter. Nothing.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM NO. 700 - LATER
text: The day is wearing on. Mengele is tiring.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Did you, in order to rida
dialog: barracks of typhus, once send all
dialog: 600 residents of that barracks to
dialog: be gassed?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Did you participate --
dialog: (breaks off)
dialog: No. I'm going to read this, I
dialog: want to get it exactly right.
text: He picks up a legal pad and pages forward, unable to
text: hold in check his indignation.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: "Dump trucks carrying 300
dialog: children under the age of five
text: were driven to the edge of a
text: burning pit. The children were
text: thrown screaming into the fire.
text: Soldiers circled the pit, pushing
dialog: any child who crawled out back
dialog: into the flames."
text: He looks at Mengele with burning eyes.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Did you give orders at such an
dialog: action?
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: (forcefully)
dialog: Did you give orders at such an
dialog: action?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Then damn you, Doctor. God damn
dialog: you.
text: He turns away.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: No more questions.
text: Mengele goes slack with exhaustion.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Is the defense prepared to
dialog: question the witness at this
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We are, Your Honor.
text: Peter, standing just inside the door at the back of the
text: courtroom, steps away from Cory and strides rapidly
text: forward, taking the court by surprise. He works without
text: notes, his tone conversational, almost casual.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Doctor, you agree that in your
dialog: fight against typhus you sent
text: hundreds of women to be gassed.
text: Mengele seems revived by Peter's return.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Were you honestly trying to stop
dialog: the epidemic -- or just looking
dialog: for an excuse to kill Jews?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: (moral outrage)
dialog: I am a doctor. I regarded these
dialog: women as my patients.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And the fact is that before your
dialog: arrival at Auschwitz, no one had
dialog: been able to stop the epidemics
dialog: which repeatedly ravaged the
dialog: camp, is that correct?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: That is correct.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: But with your admittedly harsh
dialog: measures, you brought the
text: epidemics under control.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Doctor, have you ever had typhus?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I contracted it at Auschwitz.
text: Mengele is rising to the battle, with each answer his
text: voice growing incrementally stronger.
dialog: Voigt can
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Earlier that same year, also
dialog: serving at Auschwitz, you
dialog: contracted malaria.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And before Auschwitz, you were
dialog: decorated for braving enemy fire
text: on the Russian front to pull
text: wounded soldiers from a burning
dialog: tank.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Again and again you put your life
dialog: at risk to save others.
dialog: take no more of this.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Objection. Is counsel
dialog: questioning the witness or
dialog: nominating him for a Nobel Prize?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: g1.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Your Honor, I'm simply
dialog: introducing the facts of the
dialog: doctor's life. I didn't expect
dialog: to make such an impression on the
dialog: prosecutor.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
text: Overruled. Proceed.
text: Peter turns back to Mengele, but when he speaks again,
text: his tone is anything but casual. He's come to the very
dialog: heart of the matter.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Doctor Mengele, on the
dialog: battlefield you risked your life
dialog: to save wounded soldiers. Then
dialog: again at Auschwitz you risked
dialog: your life to save dying Jews.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: How is it possible that you also
dialog: gave orders to throw children
dialog: into a burning pit?
text: It's a question that gives even Josef Mengele pause.
text: For the first time, he doesn't know his next line.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You've described Auschwitz as
dialog: hell.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You can't mean for yourself. You
dialog: were privileged, you had rank and
dialog: respect, you lacked nothing.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I mean hell.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Even for yourself, then.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: For everyone. It was
dialog: indescribable. The camp was
dialog: full, we had no food, but the
dialog: trains never stopped coming.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And you were the man responsible
dialog: for meeting those trains.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: This was my task.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You were responsible for deciding
dialog: who from those trains lived and
dialog: who died.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: They were all dead. When they
text: stepped off the train. Dead
dialog: already. This was not my
dialog: decision.
dialog: (and)
dialog: I saved as many as I could.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You saved the twins.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Yes, twins who now testify
dialog: against me. Don't they know they
dialog: owe me their lives?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why didn't you save them all?
text: The idea is so foreign that Mengele can't immediately
dialog: grasp it.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Save them all? Everyone?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I would have destroyed the camp!
dialog: Don't you understand? There were
dialog: too many.
text: Peter waits.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Should I have condemned the old
dialog: grandmothers to that hell of
dialog: Slave labor and disease?
dialog: (turns to attendant)
dialog: Raise me up a little.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The attendant elevates the back of Mengele's bed.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Should I have damned the little
dialog: ones to a slow death by
dialog: starvation? Granting them a
dialog: quick end was a great kindness.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: A quick end in a burning pit.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: We had_no choice.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Have you ever seen a child
dialog: gassed? They don't die well. We
dialog: were forced to find other means.
dialog: (to attendant)
dialog: Water.
text: The attendant pours water from a pitcher. Mengele
text: drinks, invigorated.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: The experiments, Doctor. My God,
dialog: the experiments. You've admitted
dialog: conducting painful medical
dialog: investigations on children
dialog: without anesthetic --
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Can't you understand? They were
dialog: dead. I found them on their way
dialog: to the crematorium. I
dialog: experimented. Yes I
dialog: experimented! I drew from their
dialog: deaths meaning -- scientific
dialog: knowledge that might benefit
dialog: others more fortunate.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Anything less would have been
dialog: criminal.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You inflicted a great deal of
dialog: suffering. You induced raging
dialog: infections and left them
text: untreated.
dialog: (again)
dialog: You used no anesthetic.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I_had no anesthetic.
dialog: (with astonishing vigor)
text: A surgeon sees gangrene, he has
text: no anesthetic, but he amputates
dialog: the limb. Do you call witnesses
dialog: against the doctor to tell how he
text: hacked with his saw, how blood
text: spattered his smock, how the
dialog: patient screamed? Of course not.
dialog: Do you know what you do?
dialog: (voice booming)
dialog: You say, "Thank God. Thank God
dialog: for the doctor."
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MENGELE
text: His head has risen off his pillow and he's fixed the
text: Judges with a burning gaze. Then he looks to Peter and
text: his features soften into a look that approximates
text: affection. A ghastly sight.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: recoils from the look.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - CRISP WHITE PILLOW
text: Peter lies back. His eyes remain wide open, tormented.
text: Cory joins him. Without a word, he turns off the light.
scene_heading: DREAM SEQUENCE - UTTER BLACKNESS
text: A LATCH IS THROWN and a HEAVY CATTLE-CAR DOOR RUMBLES
text: aside, unveiling a blazing square of light. SOLDIERS
text: appear, bathed in light.
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: Raus! Raus!
text: Bodies tumble from the car into the light.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD SIDING - SUBJECTIVE CAMERA - NIGHT
text: Floodlights of unearthly brilliance cast harsh shadows.
text: Soldiers strip the arrivals of every possession and herd
text: them into line. Forced INTO this hapless procession,
text: CAMERA LOOKS AHEAD. Rising above those in line, a
text: handsome young SS officer stands on a platform, his eyes
text: locked on the head of the line, his right hand extended
text: over them, flicking right, left, right, left, left,
text: left. CAMERA SLOWLY NEARS the officer, the prisoners
text: ahead streaming into darkness, until the officer's eyes
text: fall directly ON CAMERA. He stops. His face lights up
dialog: with wonder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: YOUNG MENGELE
dialog: Peter.
text: He hurries down the platform steps.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: At the head of the endless procession of the damned,
text: Peter is taken into Mengele's embrace.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MENGELE
dialog: Peter, I'm so grateful you've
dialog: come.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Peter snaps on the light, breathing hard, drenched in
text: sweat. He looks hard at himself in the mirror. A long,
text: long look full of doubt and loathing.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM NO. 700 - DAY
text: Court in session. Mengele, in the glass enclosure, is
text: again at the microphone as Voigt redirects.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: There's been a lot of talk in
dialog: this room, and I want to make
dialog: sure I'm still clear on the
dialog: facts. You've testified that
dialog: while at Auschwitz you
dialog: participated in mass gassings.
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: That's correct.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Was that testimony the truth?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: My testimony was factual.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Your testimony was factual... And
dialog: when you testified that you sent
dialog: all 600 residents of a particular
dialog: barracks to their deaths, were
dialog: you telling the truth then?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I acknowledged the facts -- which
dialog: are not always the same as the
dialog: truth, Herr Prosecutor.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Ah... then let's just stick to
dialog: facts. You sent the 600 women to
dialog: their deaths. Fact?
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Is it so hard to understand?
dialog: Have you no one in your world
dialog: whose life has lost meaning?
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: (overriding)
dialog: Fact or fiction, Doctor? Answer
dialog: the question.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Is no one today suffering
dialog: hopelessly?
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Your Honor --
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
text: The witness is directed to answer
dialog: the question.
text: Unheeding, Mengele leans into the microphone.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Is there no one, no one unwanted?
text: Something here strikes a chord in Cory.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: The witness will answer the
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Medicine will always need doctors
dialog: with the courage to kill.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Cut him off.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: If you want the truth, read your
dialog: newspaper. You'll see I'm
dialog: telling you --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The microphone goes dead, silencing Mengele whose mouth
text: continues to move inside the enclosure. Voigt's
dialog: disgusted.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: No more questions.
text: Cory scribbles furiously.
scene_heading: INT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING - OUTSIDE COURTROOM
dialog: NO. 700
text: Cory's on a public phone.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Paul, hi, it's me. Didn't you
dialog: once tell me you had a doctor
dialog: friend in Amsterdam?
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Can you put me in touch with her?
dialog: (and)
dialog: Perfect.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Peter enters alone.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Cory?
text: No answer. Her things are gone. Peter finds a folded
text: note on his pillow.
scene_heading: INT. HUGE, CHAOTIC AIR TERMINAL - EARLY MORNING
text: Cory clears customs. Signs in five languages welcome
dialog: her to Amsterdam.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR TERMINAL (AMSTERDAM)
text: Cory ducks into a taxi.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Rykstadt Main Hospital.
scene_heading: ANOTHER TAXI, SOMEWHERE IN BERLIN
text: An elderly woman climbs out and tugs her coat tightly
text: around her. Hilde. Peter exits the cab behind her.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You don't need to do this.
speaker_heading: HILDE
dialog: I've needed to do this for 50
dialog: years.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: reveals they stand on the steps of the Wuerzbach Clinic
text: for Children's Medicine. Sharing a wordless look, they
text: start for the door.
scene_heading: INT. WUERZBACH CLINIC - MORNING
text: Dr. Frank, the clinic director, passes, followed by
text: Peter and Hilde. They walk purposefully. Hilde looks
text: at the children. Remembering. Peter, too, studies the
text: children. It's impossible to know what he's seeing.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT STAIRWAY
text: The narrow, dim, little-used access to the basement.
text: Frank, Peter and Hilde descend.
scene_heading: INT. RYKSTADT MAIN HOSPITAL (AMSTERDAM) - WAITING ROOM
text: Cory waits. A young woman with a vibrant smile appears.
scene_heading: DR. VAN KONINGSVELD
dialog: Cory Rohm?
dialog: (extending her hand)
dialog: I'm Dr. van Koningsveld. How can
dialog: I help you?
scene_heading: INT. WUERZBACH CLINIC - BASEMENT ARCHIVES
text: Peter, Hilde and Dr. Frank pore over old records. Frank
text: finds something of interest in a file he's studying and
text: lays it aside, atop a short stack of similar folders.
scene_heading: INT. RYKSTADT HOSPITAL - BUSY CORRIDOR
text: The animated Dr. van Koningsveld leads Cory through the
text: bustle of this gleamingly modern hospital. Cory holds a
text: microcassette recorder.
scene_heading: DR. VAN KONINGSVELD
dialog: Economics is always an issue. Do
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: ORDERLY (0.S.)
dialog: Excuse us.
text: They step aside to make way for a passing gurney and
text: Cory comes face to face with the patient, a woman in her
text: nineties. Her head lolls toward Cory, her eyes and
text: mouth gaping wide in an agonized, voiceless wail. The
text: gurney turns a quick corner and she's gone. Van
dialog: Koningsveld explains with sympathy:
speaker_heading: VAN KONINGSVELD
dialog: Bone cancer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She begins again:
speaker_heading: VAN KONINGSVELD
dialog: Anyway, economics is always a big
dialog: issue. Do you have any idea how
dialog: much we spend on patients in
dialog: their last 30 days of life --
dialog: people who tragically are never
dialog: going to get better? It's
text: staggering.
text: Cory's still looking back at the spot where the gurney
dialog: disappeared.
scene_heading: INT. WUERZBACH CLINIC
text: Peter, Hilde and Dr. Frank continue their search.
text: Frank's stack has grown dramatically.
scene_heading: INT. RYKSTADT HOSPITAL - ADOLESCENT UNIT
text: Cory and Dr. van Koningsveld are joined by a RESIDENT
text: who indicates a severely-afflicted adolescent.
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: She's never had a coherent
dialog: thought. She'll never speak an
dialog: intelligible word. She's fed
text: through a tube. Her parents
dialog: visit the first and fifteenth of
dialog: each month. The state pays the
dialog: bill. So you can understand that
dialog: people begin to ask if there
dialog: isn't another way.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC - GROUND-FLOOR CORRIDOR
text: Hilde leads Peter and Frank through the clinic. She
text: moves as if in a dream.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC - FIRST FLOOR RECREATION ROOM
text: Sunlight and cheerful colors. Hilde enters, trailed by
text: Peter and Frank. She stops just inside the room. After
text: a moment, she moves with assurance toward a back corner.
scene_heading: BACK CORNER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Peter, Hilde and Frank watch as workmen peel the
text: carpeting slowly back to expose bare concrete. Hilde
text: flinches, as if she herself is being exposed. Peter
text: bends and runs his hand over the concrete. Clearly
text: visible in the floor: a distinct line of old bolt holes
text: describing a perfect square the size of a small bedroom.
text: Peter sits dead center in the square. Imagining.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. RYKSTADT HOSPITAL - DAY ROOM
text: A lounge filled with elderly patients. Cory and van
text: Koningsveld talk to a young INTERN.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: By the time you get to their age
dialog: you've seen a few people die, and
dialog: not always well, if you know what
dialog: I mean. So they're afraid.
dialog: Afraid of the pain, of course,
dialog: but more than that, afraid it's
dialog: going to be drawn out -- and if
text: that happens, terrified of what
dialog: it's going to do to the people
dialog: they love. Fortunately, the
dialog: legal situation in this country
dialog: permits us to take an active
dialog: medical role to ensure that
dialog: doesn't happen.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: An active medical role,
dialog: meaning...
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: Humane methods have been
dialog: developed.
dialog: Pause.
scene_heading: INT. WUERZBACH CLINIC - RECREATION ROOM
text: A girl of seven or eight, her body frail and bent and
text: propped in a pediatric wheelchair. With her one good
text: arm she wheels herself in circles, finding in that act a
text: blazing joy that explodes in her twisted, gaping smile.
text: Close by and rapt, Peter watches.
scene_heading: EXT. DURENBURGER PLUMBING WORKS (BERLIN) - DAY
text: An open bed truck off-loads pipe beside this large,
text: prosperous old firm. A taxi delivers Peter and he
text: enters the building.
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - HOURS LATER
text: Daylight is waning as Peter exits and heads for a
text: waiting cab.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF BERLIN - EVENING
text: Peter steps to the front door of an especially handsome
text: house. He knocks and waits. The door is opened by a
text: friendly WOMAN in her 60s.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: The Woman
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Is this the home of Edvard
dialog: Nielson?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Is he here?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
text: One moment.
text: disappears into the house. A jovial, balding
text: MAN in his 70s appears.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Edvard Nielson?
speaker_heading: NIELSON (MAN)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: My name's Peter Rohm. I'm an
dialog: attorney representing Josef
dialog: Mengele in his current trial.
text: Nielson's bewildered.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: May I come in?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: But... why would you want to talk
dialog: to me?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Herr Nielson... During the winter
dialog: of 1940, were you employed by the
dialog: Durenburger Plumbing Works?
text: And finally Nielson understands -- and slams the door in
text: Peter's face.
scene_heading: INT. RYKSTADT HOSPITAL - PEDIATRIC INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
dialog: A roomful
text: of infants and small children at death's door,
text: surrounded by high-tech medical machinery. A _heart-
text: rending sight. A PHYSICIAN in his forties walks with
dialog: Cory among the sick.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN
dialog: Please understand -- this is what
dialog: I see every day. It's the only
dialog: way you can really fathom what
dialog: I'm telling you.
dialog: (indicates a patient)
dialog: Look there.
text: Cory steps to the bedside of a tiny newborn, her eyes
text: taped shut, breathing tube, NG tube, multiple IVs.
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN
dialog: You'll notice how quiet our
dialog: children are. No crying. We
dialog: must keep them so sedated.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Can you look at this child and
dialog: tell me you see life? Not in the
dialog: ordinary sense of the word, you
dialog: can't. We're learning in these
dialog: cases to do what's right for the
dialog: patients. It's a medical service
dialog: that benefits thousands in this
dialog: country every year.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: (horrified irony)
dialog: "Thank God for the doctor."
dialog: (then)
dialog: This medical service, is it
dialog: provided with the patient's
dialog: consent?
speaker_heading: PHYSICIAN
dialog: (eyes on his patient)
dialog: How can she possibly consent?
scene_heading: INT. AMSTERDAM HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Cory enters and pulls off her shoes at the end of one of
dialog: the longest days of her life.
scene_heading: INT. BERLIN HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Peter sits on the edge of his bed watching television
text: news coverage of the trial. Weary and alone.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN STREETS NEAR CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING -
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: Full-blown riot. An army of anti-Nazi demonstrators
text: hurls rocks and bottles at neo-Nazi zealots. Police
text: drive both sides apart with dogs, truncheons and water
dialog: cannons.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: EXT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING - MORNING
text: Hillmann's rental sedan skirts the violence to deliver
text: Peter, who is muscled by police to the courthouse door.
text: He ignores the shouts of press and protestors.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM NO. 700 - DAY
text: The stark contrast of judicial silence. Seated upright
text: in a wheelchair, only a single IV in evidence, Mengele
text: is wheeled into the enclosure.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Back on the record in Germany
dialog: versus Mengele.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Defense may proceed.
text: Peter rises.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: The defense calls Dr. Karl Frank
dialog: director of the Wuerzbach Clinic
dialog: for Children's Medicine.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Objection. Does this witness
dialog: possess firsthand knowledge of
dialog: the defendant? Did the defendant
dialog: ever work in his clinic?
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Germany has had its turn, Herr
dialog: Prosecutor. Overruled.
text: Dr. Frank is ushered to the stand. Mengele watches with
text: intense interest.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Dr. Frank, what sort of
dialog: institution is the Wuerzbach
dialog: Clinic?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: We're an in-patient medical
dialog: facility caring for children with
dialog: chronic disabilities.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: In addition to directing the
dialog: clinic, you yourself are a
dialog: pediatric surgeon, correct?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Yes I am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And as such you're accustomed to
dialog: reading patient files.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Of course.
text: Peter takes a stack of files from the defense table and
text: sets them in front of the witness. Cory slips into the
text: back of the courtroom, catching Peter's eye, and
text: squeezes into a seat.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: These files represent 51 patients
dialog: who died at your clinic during
dialog: the last six months of 1939. Do
dialog: you recognize the files?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: (flips open top file
dialog: and glances inside)
dialog: Yes I do.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You've studied them?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Does anything about them strike
dialog: you as unusual from a medical
dialog: standpoint?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Absolutely. Fifty-one patients,
dialog: suffering a variety of ailments
dialog: -- severe deformities, mongolism,
dialog: microcephaly -- are listed as
dialog: having died of the exact same
dialog: cause.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What cause was that?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: According to the records --
dialog: (reads from top file)
dialog: "An adverse reaction to
dialog: medication."
text: Hilde sits motionless.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Fifty-one deaths in six months
dialog: from an adverse reaction to
dialog: medication. That's unusual?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: It's beyond belief.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Meaning the records are
dialog: inaccurate?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Meaning the records are a lie.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Can you tell the court what you
dialog: think did cause those deaths?
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Objection. Speculation.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Sustained.
text: A beat. Peter adopts another approach.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Besides cause of death, did the
dialog: files contain anything else
dialog: notable in common?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Each file held an identical
text: letter addressed to the parents.
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "We regret to inform you of the
dialog: death of your child. This death
dialog: should not be considered a
dialog: tragedy. Under the
dialog: circumstances, the death should
dialog: be viewed as a merciful release."
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (repeats)
dialog: ",,. Death should be viewed as a
dialog: merciful release."
text: Peter looks significantly toward the glass enclosure,
text: then returns to his table and collects a much taller
text: stack of files, which he deposits before Frank.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: These files represent patient
dialog: deaths for the three months
dialog: beginning January of 1940. Have
dialog: you examined these files?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Yes I have.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And what did you find?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
text: They show a sharp increase in the
dialog: rate of patient deaths over the
dialog: previous period, from 51 deaths
dialog: in six months up to 452 deaths in
dialog: just three months.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So somewhere around the first of
dialog: January 1940, a death rate you've
dialog: described as already beyond
dialog: belief jumped sharply.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did you note any other changes?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Deaths during this period
dialog: occurred among those much less
dialog: severely ill, including patients
text: with minor facial deformities,
dialog: cleft palate, undesirable
dialog: behaviors --
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Undesirable behaviors? Such as
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: (a beat)
text: Bed-wetters.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Bed-wetters? And they came to
dialog: your clinic and died?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: According to these records.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Any change in the letters?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: Not one word.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: They still said these deaths were
dialog: to be viewed as -- what did they
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
text: A merciful release.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: A merciful release.
text: Mengele listens smugly.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Doctor, can you tell the court
dialog: for a fact what happened at the
dialog: beginning of January 1940 to
dialog: account for this sudden increase
dialog: in deaths?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR FRANK
dialog: For a fact? No.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Thank you, Doctor. No more
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Prosecution?
text: Voigt makes a show of throwing up his hands in disgust.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: No questions.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
text: The witness is excused.
text: Frank stands and exits.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Herr Rohm?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Your Honor, the defense calls
dialog: Edvard Nielson.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: An exceedingly reluctant Nielson is escorted to the
dialog: stand.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Herr Nielson, what is your
dialog: occupation?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: I'm a retired plumbing
dialog: contractor.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And in January 1940?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: I was a plumber.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: Objection! A plumber? What does
dialog: any of this have to do with the
dialog: defendant's crimes?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Your Honor, Germany moves to bar
dialog: further testimony in this matter
dialog: as immaterial and requests a
dialog: verdict on the evidence
dialog: presented.
text: Peter is caught off guard by Voigt's surprise motion.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Your Honor, may we approach?
text: The Presiding Judge nods and both Peter and Voigt move
text: to the bench.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Surely the court won't deny the
dialog: defendant his defense.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: What defense is possible? He's
dialog: confessed to every charge.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No, Your Honor, no. The doctor
dialog: has admitted no guilt. He's
dialog: simply stipulated to the facts of
dialog: his actions -- actions he
dialog: contends were a logical extension
dialog: of the medicine practiced at that
dialog: time throughout Germany. The
dialog: testimony of this witness will
text: corroborate that view.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: VOIGT
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: What view?! That there's some
dialog: connection between what took
dialog: place in a medical clinic and the
dialog: wholesale butchery of Auschwitz?!
dialog: That's obscene!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Your Honor, if we can hear the
dialog: witness, I believe the connection
dialog: will become clear.
text: The Presiding Judge considers at length.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Let no one say this court denied
dialog: any defendant a fair trial.
dialog: Motion denied; we'll hear the
dialog: witness.
text: Voigt reacts in exasperation as he and Peter return to
dialog: their places.
dialog: No answer
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Herr Nielson, are you familiar
dialog: with an institution known as the
dialog: Wuerzbach Clinic for Children's
dialog: Medicine?
dialog: is forthcoming.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Herr Nielson?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: I'm familiar.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: In January 1940, were you sent to
dialog: that institution to do some
dialog: plumbing work?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Right after the New Year's
dialog: holiday.
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It wasn't an ordinary plumbing
dialog: job, was it? Tell the court what
dialog: you remember about the project.
text: Nielson stares at the floor. Peter crosses back to his
text: table and a final sheaf of aged paper.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You do remember the project,
dialog: don't you? Because we can
dialog: introduce a number of documents
dialog: to refresh your memory.
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: I remember.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: They were building a room --
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What sort of room?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
text: A little room. Sealed all the
dialog: way around, top and bottom --
text: like a big shower, with one set
text: of pipes going in, another set
text: coming out.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So you, what, hooked up the
dialog: pipes?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
text: Hooked up the pipes. Checked for
dialog: leaks. They were very concerned
dialog: about that. Didn't want any
dialog: leaks.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: They who? Who was in charge?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: The doctors. I did exactly what
dialog: the doctors told me.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did you know what you were
dialog: building?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: I asked; no one seemed to know.
dialog: Finally one of the doctors told
dialog: me it was for an experimental new
dialog: treatment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: An experimental new treatment.
dialog: Did you ever discover the nature
dialog: of that treatment?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: Not the first time. But later,
dialog: when they sent me back.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: They sent you back? Why?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: They wanted me to take it down.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Really. When was this?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
text: About a year and a half later.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So... sometime in the last half
dialog: of 1941. And you say this time
dialog: you discovered the nature of the
dialog: treatment.
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: They had the exhaust from a
text: diesel engine hooked up to the
text: intake pipes. Pumping the
dialog: exhaust into the room. So, I
dialog: mean, I'm not stupid.
text: Cory, sitting beside Hilde near the front of the
text: gallery, listens with horrified fascination.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Were you given any explanation as
dialog: to why the device was dismantled?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: Well... so that it could be...
dialog: relocated.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And do you know where it was
dialog: "relocated"?
text: Nielson shifts uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: . Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Of course you do. They sent you
dialog: along with it, didn't they, to
dialog: put it back together on the other
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I was only a plumber. I only did
dialog: what they told me.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Herr Nielson, would you please
dialog: tell the court where the device
dialog: was moved?
text: Nielson shakes his head, mute.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
text: The witness is instructed to
dialog: answer the question.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Where was the device moved?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: (finally)
dialog: East.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: East. Where in the East?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: Poland.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Southern Poland?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: Southern Poland, correct.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Where, exactly, in southern
dialog: Poland?
text: Nielson doesn't want to answer.
dialog: Nielson's
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Auschwitz?
text: hand covers his face. Peter almost shouts:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Was the device moved to
dialog: Auschwitz?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Yes.
text: A charge goes through the room.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: When this device was reinstalled
dialog: at Auschwitz, what modifications
dialog: did you make?
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: None.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (powerfully)
dialog: Your testimony is that you
dialog: dismantled this device ina
dialog: German medical facility -- and
dialog: then reassembled it without
dialog: modification at the Auschwitz
dialog: extermination camp in Poland?!
speaker_heading: NIELSON
dialog: (a cry)
dialog: I_DID WHAT THE DOCTORS TOLD ME!
text: On Mengele's face a crooked smile appears. Peter turns
text: to the bench.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Nothing further.
text: His eyes meet Cory's. What in God's name has he done?
scene_heading: EXT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING - MAIN ENTRANCE - END OF
speaker_heading: DAY
text: MOVE WITH Peter as he pushes out the front door and into
text: a chaos of protest. Police fight to contain enraged
text: demonstrators as Peter makes his dash toward Hillmann's
text: waiting car. An OLD MAN strains through the police
dialog: ine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
text: HE KILLED MY MOTHER, HE KILLED MY
scene_heading: FATHER, HE KILLED MY BROTHERS --
text: The Old Man is pushed back. A group of rainbow-haired
text: punks breaks through and surrounds Peter, one of them
text: dousing Peter with red paint.
text: Police surge in. Peter is knocked to the ground, his
text: briefcase torn from his grasp. He scrambles after it,
text: paint dripping into his eyes. Strong arms reach through
text: the melee, pull Peter to his feet. Pressing the
text: briefcase into his hands, they hustle him toward
text: Hillmann's car. Once at the car, Peter wipes paint out
text: of his eyes, gets a look at his saviors: a trio of
text: buzz-cut young FASCISTS in tattoos and jackboots. One
text: of them shoots him a grinning Nazi salute.
speaker_heading: FASCIST THUG
dialog: Sieg heil.
text: Peter jerks free and leaps back as if froma
text: rattlesnake. Fixing them with a look of absolute
text: contempt, he ducks into the car.
scene_heading: INT. CAR
text: With the back door still hanging open, Hillmann tries
text: desperately to pull into traffic.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Go, Felix, go!
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'm okay --
text: He pulls the door closed and falls back against the
text: seat. The skinheads pace the car like an honor guard
text: from hell. Cory clutches Peter and screams at Hillmann:
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: GO!!!
text: Finding a hole in traffic, he accelerates and the
text: skinheads fall away, hooting their support.
scene_heading: BLOOD-RED WATER
text: swirls down the drain.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM
text: Peter showers, scrubbing paint out of his hair, his
text: ears, his eyes, strangely buoyed by this day.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I don't know which scared Felix
dialog: more, those animals outside his
dialog: window or me, dripping paint on
dialog: his rented upholstery. "But --
dialog: but -- but, Peter -- my deposit!"
text: Peter laughs. But soon realizes he's laughing alone.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Cory?
text: He peels back the shower curtain. She sits with head
text: bowed, face averted. Crying. Peter wraps a towel
text: around himself and steps out of the shower.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What?
text: She looks up, eyes wet with tears.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: When I saw you coming toward the
dialog: car -- I thought it was blood. I
dialog: thought they were killing you.
text: Peter takes her in his arms. She sags against him.
text: They hold onto one another. Finally:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why did you leave?
text: She wipes her tears with his towel. Tries to find the
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: He kept talking about us. About
dialog: our doctors, our time. Like he
text: was pointing his finger saying
dialog: you do the same things, you're as
dialog: guilty as me. I wanted to prove
dialog: him wrong.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did you?
text: Not an easy question for her to answer.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I didn't find anyone gassing
dialog: Jews.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CORY (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I met doctors who explained why
dialog: it's sometimes necessary to kill.
dialog: I met one who calls herself a
dialog: "helper of death." I heard a
dialog: world of good intentions. And I
dialog: kept thinking about your mother.
dialog: And all those children at
dialog: Wuerzbach.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What does that make those
dialog: doctors? A bunch of little
dialog: Mengeles?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Then what?
text: They sit in silence, wrestling with the impossible
dialog: question.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - LATER
text: Peter listens as Cory replays a recording.
speaker_heading: CORY (V.0.)
dialog: An active medical role,
dialog: meaning...
speaker_heading: INTERN (V.O.)
dialog: Humane methods have been
dialog: developed.
speaker_heading: CORY (V.0.)
dialog: Are you telling me you've taken
dialog: action to bring about a patient's
dialog: death?
speaker_heading: INTERN (V.O.)
dialog: We're talking about patients
text: whose lives are essentially over.
dialog: Their bodies just don't know it.
speaker_heading: CORY (V.0.)
dialog: Patients who are really... dead
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: INTERN (V.O.)
dialog: That's well put.
text: She clicks off the recorder. Peter's thinking.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Uncertain exactly how to make the pieces fit. He eases
text: back onto the floor.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: When my mother told me to be
dialog: careful, that what happened to
dialog: Erik's uncle could happen to
dialog: anyone, I was terrified. Because
dialog: I didn't know how to be careful.
dialog: I didn't know what to watch for.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: The Jews say "Never again." But
dialog: if we're only guarding against
dialog: swastikas and psychotics, I'm
dialog: afraid we're going to miss it.
dialog: We're going to miss it. Because
dialog: I don't think that's the way it
dialog: happens.
dialog: (so quietly)
dialog: But how does it happen?
text: Cory looks at the tapes spread in front of her. A new
dialog: assurance.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I can't tell you what all this
dialog: means, Peter, but there's
dialog: something here.
dialog: (right at him)
dialog: And I think I have an idea how
dialog: our neighbors became killers.
dialog: (so simple)
text: Just a little bit at a time.
text: Peter's face. A stone has dropped into a still pond. A
text: switch has been thrown. A Gestalt moment.
dialog: Understanding.
scene_heading: STRAIGHT CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM NO. 700 - DAY
text: The courtroom is packed and silent, all eyes focused on
text: Peter who stands before the bench, holding in his
text: upraised hand a book.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: One small step.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: At the time of the war, German
dialog: doctors held a common belief in
dialog: an idea introduced by this book
dialog: -- The Permission to Destroy
dialog: Life Unworthy of Life.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: They believed that not all lives
dialog: were worth living, that in some
dialog: instances physicians were in fact
dialog: obligated to take life rather
dialog: than save it. It's a simple
dialog: idea, easily understood. It goes
dialog: like this.
text: Mengele's in the wheelchair again. His breathing is
text: labored but he sits ramrod straight, held in place by
text: pride and defiance.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Imagine you're a doctor, and
dialog: imagine you have a patient, a 95-
dialog: year-old woman within a week of
dialog: death from bone cancer. Now this
dialog: is an extremely painful disease,
text: the bones become so weak that the
text: simple act of rolling over in bed
dialog: can break them. And even as you
dialog: prepare an injection of morphine,
dialog: you know it won't be enough to
dialog: numb her horrible pain. Yet to
dialog: increase the dosage will kill
dialog: er.
text: Mengele listens intently.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You explain this to your patient,
dialog: and she looks you right in the
dialog: eye and begs you: Fill the
text: syringe.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Such a simple step, this step
dialog: from healer to killer. Just fill
text: the syringe.
dialog: (holds up book)
dialog: This book urged doctors to take
dialog: that step. And why not? On what
dialog: grounds could a compassionate
dialog: physician refuse this woman's
dialog: request?
dialog: (beat )
dialog: One small step. If you read the
dialog: papers, you know it's a step
dialog: doctors now take every day.
text: Mengele smiles a small smile of appreciation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Now imagine the same patient
dialog: making the same request a month
dialog: earlier -- before her pain has
dialog: become so horrible. You know
dialog: very well what's coming, and she
dialog: asks you to fill the syringe.
dialog: What then? Will you deny the
dialog: request simply because the
dialog: patient hasn't suffered
dialog: sufficiently? On what
dialog: grounds?... So. Another step.
text: The Judges listen stoically.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Now imagine that instead of 95,
dialog: the patient is only 75. But
text: still suffering and just as
dialog: surely doomed to die. Imagine
dialog: this patient begging you to fill
dialog: the syringe... Having granted the
dialog: first two requests, on what
dialog: grounds can you deny this one?
dialog: One more step.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Now what if, instead of 75, the
dialog: patient is only 55?... Or 457...
dialog: What if she's 35? Still
text: suffering, still dying, still
dialog: begging.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: What if she's only 5?
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: But of course that's different.
dialog: Now she can't make the request
dialog: herself. So imagine her mother
dialog: and father with broken hearts
dialog: begging you, "Please, Doctor.
dialog: End this nightmare. Fill the
dialog: syringe."
text: Peter's delivery holds the courtroom at rapt attention.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Will you deny them -- and force
dialog: the suffering to continue --
dialog: simply because the patient is too
dialog: young to make the request
dialog: herself? On what grounds?... One
dialog: more step.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: And now, finally, imagine your
dialog: country at war. And imagine a
text: child facing gruesome suffering
text: and inescapable death. Only now,
dialog: because of the war, no parent is
dialog: there to make the request. And,
dialog: again because of the war, it's no
dialog: longer one child but a hundred
dialog: children. And they're not ina
text: hospital bed, they're in the back
dialog: of a dump truck. Not your fault;
dialog: the war's fault. And you have no
text: morphine... only a burning pit.
dialog: (waits)
dialog: What now. WHAT NOW?! You're a
dialog: doctor. On what grounds will you
dialog: deny these children the same
dialog: kindness, the same compassion,
dialog: the same release, granted the
dialog: others?
dialog: (picks up book)
dialog: But of course you're not doctors.
dialog: You're judges. And so I ask
dialog: you --
dialog: (brandishes book;
dialog: thunders)
dialog: If _we grant any doctor that first
dialog: small step, on what grounds can
dialog: we deny Doctor Mengele the last?
dialog: ON WHAT GROUNDS?! !
dialog: (barely more than
dialog: a whisper)
dialog: The road to Auschwitz isn't so
dialog: hard --as long as it's taken one
dialog: step at a time.
text: Cory's sober as death. Mengele glows. Peter stands his
text: ground in the center of the courtroom.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN STREETS - PRE-DAWN
text: In the dark, quiet hours before morning, Peter walks
dialog: alone through the streets of this city so visibly
text: haunted by its past.
scene_heading: INT. WUERZBACH CLINIC - PRE-DAWN
text: Damaged children sleep. Peter walks among them.
text: Soaking them in. Forming a bond.
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN - DAWN
text: Moments before the sun breaks the horizon. A light rain
text: falls as a taxi moves through the streets.
scene_heading: EXT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING
text: The taxi rolls past a handful of anti-Nazi demonstrators
text: who brave the rain to man a strategic location near the
text: main entrance. They pay no attention to the taxi as it
text: rounds the side of the building. Peter steps from the
text: taxi, unfurls an umbrella and moves toward a side
dialog: entrance.
scene_heading: INT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING - STAITRWELL
text: Peter descends at a leisurely pace, a man finally at
dialog: peace with himself.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT HOLDING AREA - OUTSIDE CELLS
text: Peter is frisked. His briefcase is searched.
scene_heading: INT. MENGELE'S CELL
text: It resembles a modern ICU. A male NURSE in hospital
text: blues sits attentively at the foot of the bed, watching
text: a video display of the patient's vital signs and making
text: notes in his chart. Mengele lies beneath a HISSING
text: OXYGEN MASK, eyes closed in restless slumber. Two
text: GUARDS stand watch as Peter steps to the bed.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Doctor.
text: The Nurse shakes his patient, flips on lights.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Wake up, Doctor. You have a
dialog: visitor.
text: Mengele cracks his eyes open, speaks thickly.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Peter?... What time is it?
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Just before six.
text: Mengele coughs tightly into the mask. His condition
dialog: appears to have worsened dramatically.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: The court clerk woke me 30
dialog: minutes ago. There's going to be
dialog: a verdict.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Despite his illness, Mengele speaks with a kind of
dialog: happiness.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: The verdict --
dialog: (coughs again)
dialog: The verdict makes no difference.
dialog: I said what I came to say.
dialog: (then)
dialog: That's victory enough.
text: A spasm of painful, ineffectual coughing ensues. Peter
text: turns to the Nurse.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Can't you give him something?
dialog: The question sounds motivated by something less than
dialog: sympathy.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Tylenol. Aspirin.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Aspirin?
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: He refuses morphine. It dulls
dialog: his mind.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So does the pain. Give it to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: (between coughs)
dialog: I don't want it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: A partial dose then.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: No --
text: But the Nurse crosses to a medicine locker.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: It may relax your airways,
dialog: Doctor, help you to breathe.
text: The Nurse opens the locker and removes a glass vial.
text: Using a syringe, he withdraws a small quantity of the
text: drug. Peter watches with interest.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (to Nurse)
dialog: How long has he had this pain?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: It's much worse since yesterday.
text: The tumors have begun obstructing
dialog: his airways.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Can anything be done?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (holds up syringe)
dialog: At this point, the best we can do
dialog: is manage the pain.
text: He crosses back to the bedside, sterilizes a port in the
text: Iv line and inserts the needle. Mengele swats at the
text: syringe.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: I don't need it.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I'm only giving you 40
dialog: milligrams. You're written for
dialog: 100.
text: The Nurse pushes the morphine into the line.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: It's in.
text: The Nurse withdraws the needle and discards the syringe
text: in a waste container. Peter turns to the Guards.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'd like to speak with my client
dialog: privately. Will you give us a
dialog: moment?
text: He answers their reluctance with a reassuring smile.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I don't think I'll be in any
dialog: danger.
text: The Nurse jots a final notation in the chart and heads
dialog: for the door.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Don't be long.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Nurse and Guards exit, leaving Peter alone with
text: Mengele. The morphine has done its work. The old man
text: relaxes. His eyes find Peter.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Do you know you're the only one
dialog: who's bothered to visit me here?
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Mueller went to my family. They
dialog: told him they don't know who I
dialog: am.
text: Peter has moved to the cell door and glances through the
text: small window into the corridor. He pulls the oxygen
dialog: mask away.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: You've done well, Peter.
dialog: (and)
dialog: You saved your family.
text: Peter crosses away from the door and OUT OF FRAME as
text: Mengele lies back on his pillow.
speaker_heading: PETER (0.S.)
dialog: It must be a very great burden.
text: In prison, in pain, alone.
dialog: Without hope of recovery.
dialog: Though these words are delivered without any particular
text: feeling, Mengele finds comfort in them.
speaker_heading: PETER (0.S.)
dialog: You've led a difficult, lonely
dialog: life.
text: Mengele relaxes into his pillow.
speaker_heading: PETER (0.S.)
dialog: And now death is imminent.
text: As Mengele contemplates these thoughts, his eyes drift
dialog: closed.
speaker_heading: PETER (0.S.)
dialog: When it comes, you'll no doubt
dialog: welcome it as you always have...
text: a merciful release.
text: Mengele's eyes open. Something troubling about that
text: last remark. He turns to see:
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: bent over the medicine locker.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Peter turns. He's drawing fluid from a glass vial.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Filling the syringe.
text: Mengele's stunned.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Are you going to murder me?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Murder you? No. I'm just going
dialog: to... practice medicine without a
dialog: license.
text: Mengele's incredulity gives way to a crooked smile. He
text: laughs at Peter's wicked, wicked joke. Peter withdraws
text: the needle from the vial and crosses to locate the port
text: in the IV line. Mengele's laughter dies.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Peter -- put that thing away
dialog: before someone sees you and
dialog: thinks you're serious.
text: But Peter's dead serious. He inserts the needle in the
text: line. Mengele claps his hands over Peter's.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: You know if you push that dose
dialog: you'll spend the rest of your
dialog: life in prison --
text: Peter allows himself the tiniest of smiles.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: But I'm not going to push it.
text: He grasps Mengele's hands, forces them around the
text: syringe, and then clamps his own hands over Mengele's.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (ice)
dialog: You are.
text: Peter leans close with uncensored fury.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You ordered a truckload of
dialog: living, breathing children thrown
dialog: into an inferno. You mutilated,
dialog: you gassed, you starved, you
text: dissected children alive. Then
dialog: you twisted the words around and
text: around to make murder sound like
dialog: a kindness. But it was no
dialog: kindness. The truth is in the
text: piles of emaciated corpses. The
text: truth is in the mass graves. The
dialog: truth is in the smoke that rose
text: over Auschwitz.
text: Peter exerts dangerously increased pressure against
text: Mengele's hands. Mengele trembles as he resists.
speaker_heading: PETER
scene_heading: FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND HUMAN
dialog: BEINGS. Don't you dare deny
dialog: yourself the same kindness you
text: heaped on so many others.
text: The Guard calls from outside:
speaker_heading: GUARD (0.S.)
dialog: Counselor?
text: Mengele's eyes fly to the door. He rasps:
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Guard --
text: But Peter drowns out the feeble cry with a sharp:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Privacy, Sergeant -- please!
text: Peter watches the cell door. When it doesn't open, he
dialog: turns back to Mengele for:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Push it, Butcher! Go on!!! PUSH
dialog: IT!!!
text: And just when it seems Mengele's strength is about to
text: fail, Peter releases his wildly shaking hands and takes
text: a quick step back, leaving the defendant holding the
text: syringe alone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Push the syringe and complete
dialog: your victory. Or call for the
dialog: guard... and live a few more
dialog: days.
dialog: (wait )
dialog: Knowing the truth about yourself.
text: Mengele gasps for breath, quaking as he stares at the
text: deadly syringe, paralyzed by Peter's challenge. His
text: hands tighten on the syringe. An interminable moment of
text: tortured indecision. And then the terror becomes too
text: great and he jerks the needle free and casts it from
text: him. It skitters across the floor, coming to rest at
text: Peter's feet.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: (croaks it out)
dialog: Nurse --
text: Mengele gropes for the oxygen mask. Peter picks up the
text: syringe. He calmly drops it in the medical waste
text: container as Guards appear. Mengele looks from Peter to
text: the returning Guards to the container holding the
text: syringe. Finally:
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Get the nurse in here to fix this
dialog: mask. I can't breathe.
text: The Nurse goes to work checking the flow of oxygen to
text: the mask. Peter steps to the cell door.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: You think I was a bad doctor
dialog: because I killed.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You weren't a bad doctor.
dialog: (wait )
dialog: You were no doctor at all.
text: And with that Peter goes, leaving Mengele, to sink into
text: his pillow as the Nurse straps the mask firmly over his
dialog: face.
scene_heading: EXT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING - DAY
text: RAIN POUNDS the pavement. Beneath the downpour
text: umbrellas converge on the great building.
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: INT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING - COURTROOM NO. 700
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: The room is packed and silent as the judges enter.
text: Mengele is scarcely visible inside the glass enclosure,
text: now stuffed almost beyond capacity with medical
text: machinery. Even in the short time since Peter left him,
dialog: his condition has deteriorated. But more than that,
text: something has changed in Mengele, as if the corner of a
text: carefully-placed veil has fallen away. From behind it
text: peers a profoundly dark and frigid soul, full of venom.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: Back on the record in the matter
dialog: of Germany versus Mengele.
text: Hillmann shifts nervously. Peter is at ease.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: The defense has asked this court
dialog: how it can condemn killing by one
dialog: physician while sanctioning
dialog: killing by others. They have
dialog: asked how we may, in their words,
dialog: reject the last step while
dialog: welcoming the first. These
dialog: questions puzzle the court. For
dialog: German law sanctions killing by
dialog: no one. We acknowledge that the
dialog: practice of medicine --
dialog: particularly modern medicine --
text: poses thorny ethical dilemmas.
dialog: But we declare with the laws and
dialog: constitution of Germany this one
dialog: simple edict: Don't kill.
dialog: (and again)
dialog: Don't kill.
text: Mengele's eyes darken with blistering contempt.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: By his own admission, the
dialog: defendant did kill --
text: prolifically, energetically and
dialog: without remorse. In the name of
dialog: science he undertook barbaric
dialog: experiments that inflicted
text: unimaginable suffering. And then
dialog: he congratulated himself with
dialog: words like kindness, mercy and
dialog: compassion.
text: Cory listens from the gallery.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE
dialog: This court instructs the
dialog: defendant that genuine compassion
dialog: addresses human suffering by
dialog: drawing alongside the sufferer to
dialog: comfort and to serve.
dialog: (with great force)
text: It does not annihilate him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The defendant did successfully
dialog: establish one fact beyond
dialog: dispute: The human heart is
dialog: capable of justifying any evil it
dialog: craves. And so the judgment of
dialog: this court is as follows:
speaker_heading: MENGELE'S FACE
text: is set.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE (0.S.)
dialog: As to the charges of war crimes,
dialog: guilty on all counts.
text: Mengele doesn't blink. PUSH IN.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE (0.S.)
dialog: As to the charges of crimes
dialog: against minorities, guilty on all
dialog: counts.
scene_heading: PUSH CLOSER.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE (0.S.)
dialog: As to the charges of crimes
dialog: against humanity, guilty on all
dialog: counts.
scene_heading: CONTINUE PUSH INTO EXTREME CLOSEUP.
speaker_heading: PRESIDING JUDGE (0.S.)
dialog: Because of the hideous nature of
dialog: these crimes and the enthusiasm
dialog: with which they were committed,
dialog: this court will mete out the
dialog: maximum penalty possible under
dialog: German law: life in prison.
dialog: (gavels)
dialog: This matter is concluded.
text: Mengele breathes a single word, a lifetime of rage
text: distilled in a whisper:
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: Idiots.
dialog: 130.
scene_heading: IN THE COURTROOM
text: Silence prevails. The Judges rise and sweep from the
text: room. Cory sits motionless. Slowly and with little
text: sound, spectators rise and move toward the exit. Peter
text: gazes into the glass enclosure as a retinue of earnest
text: young doctors surrounds Mengele and prepares to move
text: him. Hillmann steps to Peter's side.
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: Life in prison.
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: He'll laugh all the way to the
dialog: grave.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Do you believe in hell, Felix?
speaker_heading: HILLMANN
dialog: I don't know. Do you?
text: Peter never takes his eyes off Mengele.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'm hoping.
text: They watch as Mengele is wheeled from the enclosure.
text: The attendants pause to reposition the oxygen tank and
text: Mengele's eyes meet Peter's. His voice is a hoarse
dialog: whisper.
speaker_heading: MENGELE
dialog: We'd have done better with a
dialog: medical tribunal.
dialog: (agonizing cough)
dialog: These imbeciles...
dialog: (another cough)
dialog: These imbeciles have no idea
dialog: what's happening in medicine
dialog: today.
text: The attendants roll Mengele slowly away. Peter watches
text: until he's gone.
scene_heading: INT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING - GROUND FLOOR
text: In the crush of courtgoers exiting the building, Cory
text: searches for Peter. She spots him near the doors,
text: standing still. Like someone going into shock following
text: a trauma. Cory crosses to him. He turns to her. Their
text: eyes meet.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: This morning... I had the chance
dialog: to kill him. I almost did it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Cory looks through the doors to the waiting mob of
text: reporters and beyond them the crowds of protestors.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Tell them that. Make them
dialog: understand why you did all this.
dialog: Even if it means never arguing
dialog: another case. Tell them.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No. I have to do something
dialog: harder.
text: He takes her hand.
scene_heading: EXT. CRIMINAL JUSTICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Peter and Cory emerge together, raising an umbrella
text: against the rain that falls in sheets. Reporters
text: thunder questions. Peter steps forward.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What can I tell you? That Josef
dialog: Mengele was a savage butcher? Of
dialog: course he was. But you already
dialog: know that. What can I tell you?
dialog: That no connection exists between
dialog: Germany's first well-intentioned
dialog: killing and the bloodbath that
dialog: followed? But it does exist. We
dialog: proved that. Josef Mengele
text: thinks this fact excuses him.
dialog: He's wrong.
dialog: (wait )
dialog: I fear it indicts us all.
dialog: (wait again)
dialog: What can I tell you to help you
dialog: sleep tonight? Only this.
dialog: Cherish life.
text: Peter's eyes turn to Cory and he pulls her to him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Cherish. Every. Life.
text: Peter steps away from the microphones. A WAGNERIAN ARIA
text: BEGINS. Cory takes the umbrella from him. Lowers it.
text: Taking his hand, she walks with him, pushing through the
text: reporters, solemnly and unprotected, into the drenching
dialog: rain.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: A HEAVILY-SHADOWED, UNIDENTIFIABLE, OTHER-WORLDLY PLACE
text: The ARIA is joined by a stark HISS. Something dark
text: glides INTO FRAME. Gleaming black boots. Prone.
text: Followed by the crisp trousers of an SS officer's
text: uniform. Then the dark uniform tunic, arms folded
text: precisely across the chest after the manner of the SS.
text: And then the face. Hauptsturmfuhrer Josef Mengele.
text: Aged and grey. Eyes wide open. They blink once.
text: Twice. The body trollies past, before it the open mouth
text: of a wildly HISSING GAS OVEN. As the body slides into
text: the inferno, the trousers begin to burn. The eyes blink
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: The ARIA SOARS.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: Get help writing a script that grabs
dialog: Hollywood's attention —from writers
dialog: who've done it.
dialog: Arrange for a professional script consultation from Christopher and
dialog: Kathleen Riley, the writers of the multiple-award-winning film After the
dialog: Truth, at www.scriptHollywood.com.
dialog: “The Rileys constantly made me dig deeper into the
dialog: characters and go for the emotional truth. Thanks to their
dialog: input I now have a fellowship at Disney and a script that
dialog: gets managers and agents to call me.”
dialog: Amy Snow
dialog: Winner
dialog: 2004 Disney Screenwriting Fellowship
dialog: Find out more about how a consultation with the Rileys can help you by
dialog: visiting www.scriptHollywood.com.
dialog: www. scriptHollywood.com
dialog: 
