dialog: 
speaker_heading: JENNIFER EIGHT
dialog: Written by
dialog: Bruce Robinson
dialog: June 1991
scene_heading: 1: INT. COMMUNITY HALL. DAY.
dialog: The Church of St. Peter Los Angeles. "WHOEVER YOU SEE HERE -
text: WHATEVER YOU HEAR HERE - STAYS HERE." That's a notice on a
text: wall. Here's another notice "NO SMOKING." Everyone is smok-
dialog: ing. This is an AA meeting. There's a lot of Faces to look
dialog: at. I don't know when we'll get to the one that's talking,
dialog: but when we do it's like this. Eyes like glue. 50 years old
text: with a face the color of a snuff-users hanky. He says this:
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: .. after my third recovery my wife made
dialog: me swear I'd never bring another bottle
dialog: into the house. And I never did. I bur-
dialog: ied it under the lawn. Cut out a turf &amp;
text: stood it upright with a piece of tin-
dialog: foil instead of a cork. So here we are
text: out in the yard, and she's happy because
dialog: I'm getting healthy in a pair of swim-
dialog: ing shorts &amp; no way near no booze. She
text: decides to prune the roses. Meanwhile,
dialog: I'm laying there with a straw stuck in-
text: to the fucken lawn doing a quart of red ..
text: Curious thing about drunks. Their disease often amuses them.
dialog: That's how crazy I was - I was sick for
dialog: half a life till I finally found my san-
dialog: ity again in these rooms. Don't take that
dialog: drink - And for the one or two new faces
dialog: I see here, I say this: just do it by the
dialog: day. You gotta do it by the day - Don't
dialog: take that drink. And keep coming to these
dialog: meetings. Because here is where it works ..
speaker_heading: CHAIR
dialog: Thank you, Benny .. We have a few more
dialog: minutes .. Anyone else like to share? ..
text: Ash into an ashtray and now a face. He's around 40 years old.
dialog: Intense eyes &amp; dark hair. Probably good looking when the ang-
dialog: le's right. But this is a bad angle. His name is JOHN BERLIN.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: My name's John .. and I'm an alcoholic ..
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Hi, John.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I didn't intend to speak today. Matter of
dialog: fact, I wasn't gonna come to the meeting ..
dialog: But I wanna say a couple of things I hope
dialog: may be of use, particularly as Benny says,
dialog: to the new faces here. I first came into
dialog: this fellowship ten months ago. I came to
dialog: a meeting I was convinced was gonna be my
dialog: last - how could a buncha drunks help me? -
dialog: Then someone got up, I think it was Micky,
dialog: and described himself as "the shit around
dialog: which the universe revolved." I don't know
dialog: if that was original to him - it doesn't
dialog: matter, it was the first time I'd heard it,
dialog: and I still can't think of a better way to
dialog: describe how I felt - We all have our own
dialog: place in the darkness, and I was in such a
dialog: mess I could hardly fucken see - I'd lost
dialog: someone very dear to me - she hadn't died -
dialog: I had - I don't know whether she left coza
dialog: the drinking, or whether I drank coz I knew
dialog: she was gonna leave - either way, the booze
dialog: won - I replaced her with alcohol &amp; anger -
dialog: I was angry with her, myself, everyone and
dialog: everything - Where I was I wanted to be
dialog: someplace else - any place but here - any
dialog: moment but now - But here I am, and it is
dialog: now, and there's a big change about to hap-
dialog: pen in my life - and I'm going for it coz
dialog: this time I know I'm not running away - I'm
text: actually two miles into a 600 mile journey,
dialog: and I feel good about myself going there -
dialog: So I stopped off to share that with you -
dialog: and to thank everyone of you, and everyone
dialog: in this fellowship for letting me walk out
dialog: of here, free ..
scene_heading: 2: EXT. OAKLAND BRIDGE. SAN FRANCISCO BAY. DUSK.
text: High above the Golden Gate. Too high for specifics. But there
text: is something down there of interest to the Camera. Descending
text: with the Music it seems to isolate a particular car. Too many
text: and too distant to know which it is. But the Camera is follow-
text: ing and already a mile up the 101 Interstate travelling north.
text: Maybe via a dissolve. And maybe not. But red and white either
text: way as the headlights are coming on. The Camera is closing on
text: the highway. And a car has definitely been selected. There is
text: nothing much of interest about it. It's a blue Mercedes sedan.
text: Mussorgsky will choreograph the pace of these cuts. The first
text: puts the frame directly in front of the car. In a few moments
text: its brights snap up. And Titles continue in a dazzle of light.
scene_heading: 3: INT. MERCEDES SEDAN. 101. DUSK.
text: Nobody in the car except BERLIN. And a lot of cigarette smoke.
text: Just time to wedge in a P.O.V. There's an intersection coming
text: up. He hits the indicators and crosses lanes winding his wind-
text: ow down. Takes a last hit at his cigarette and exits the butt.
scene_heading: 4: EXT. FREEWAY INTERSECTION. DUSK.
text: An instant of red as the cigarette shatters up the highway. A
text: heavy sky of red and black cloud. The Mercedes turns off head-
text: ing east. This time the Camera doesn't follow. Remains static
text: over the intersection until the tail lights finally disappear.
scene_heading: 5: INT. LIVING ROOM. HOUSE. DAWN.
text: Bare wooden boards and the sound of singing birds. This house
text: hasn't been lived in for years. No furniture other than a new
text: mattress in the middle of the floor. Still in polythene wraps.
text: BERLIN just about awake on top of it. Ten seconds of disorien-
text: tation while he puts this together. A stone fireplace. Stairs
text: leading to what's got to be a tiny room above. With enough ef-
dialog: fort this place could be charming. But right now it's a wreck.
scene_heading: 6: INT. KITCHEN. HOUSE. DAWN.
text: This kitchen was out of date by 1963. A huge china sink and a
text: fat fridge. But the cooker works and a battered old kettle is
text: already on the gas. T-shirt and instant coffee. BERLIN checks
text: cupboards out. Crockery includes a cup and that'll do for now.
text: His lips articulate a silent expletive. The gas has just gone
text: out. Tries to relight it without success. On hands &amp; knees he
text: explores a rubber supply pipe that snakes under the back door.
scene_heading: 7: EXT. OPEN END GARAGE AND YARD. HOUSE. DAWN.
text: In the garage he finds the gas cylinder. Empty and so is the
text: bastard with it. He drags fingers through hair in frustration.
text: Looks around at the heaps of crap that need clearing out. The
text: view beyond he hardly cares to look at. But if he does it is
text: as follows. Clouds massing on the horizon. Fields getting re-
text: ady for rain. His nearest neighbor is around 200 yards away.
text: His nearest Cow about 50. This house is remote and rural look-
text: ing with a veranda out back. But BERLIN has no inclination for
text: sight-seeing. As he walks away a dreary female Voice seeps in.
scene_heading: 8: INT. LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN. HOUSE. DAWN.
text: The Voice comes via a police scanner. Most of this dialogue's
text: bullshit. Illegally parked autos and a few drunks still about.
text: BERLIN sits on the mattress eating a breakfast of chewing gum
text: and milk. He unwraps another Juicy Fruit and regrets it. Goes
text: round his mouth like a shoe in a washing machine. A reluctant
text: decision is taken. Spits gum at the sink as he arrives in the
text: kitchen. Starts unloading his leather bag. A flotsam of stuff
text: is excavated including a 9mm Beretta and a pack of cigarettes.
text: He lights up and takes a cruel hit full of nicotine and guilt.
text: Wouldn't need a clairvoyant to realize he's trying to give up.
text: Something on the scanner interests him and he wanders back to
text: the living room. There's a call going out for "David 72 Sam 3."
text: David 72 acknowledges and BERLIN clearly recognizes the voice.
dialog: "We have a 927D/ Springfield Street/ City Dump." But David 72
dialog: is already hired. "I'm outside Emersons/ I wanna be the first
text: horrible face of her day." BERLIN exhales through a smile. The
text: Controller needs an E.T.A. for the 927? David 72 doesn't know.
text: Advises her to roll a couple of cars and "Secure the location."
scene_heading: 9: EXT. HILLSIDE. SPRINGFIELD STREET. EUREKA. DAY.
text: A Chevrolet zig-zags up a shabby canyon. It's the road to the
text: city dump. Its final bend reveals a line of bellowing garbage
text: trucks. Everything is backed up. Nothing moves except the car.
text: The cause of the hold-up is explained at the top. A Sheriff's
text: car blocks the road. A Uniform moves to wave the Chevrolet in.
scene_heading: 10: EXT. ENTRANCE/TRACK/INFILL. CITY DUMP. EUREKA. DAY.
text: The car parks at a weigh-house and a man in his 50's gets out.
text: Looks like he hasn't slept in a while. And got the mood to go
text: with it. Sports jacket and cowboy boots. A lot of laugh lines
dialog: around the eyes. But you wouldn't want to get arrested by him.
text: And especially not this morning. His name is FREDERICK T ROSS.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: You can drive down there, Sir ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I'm already walking. Where is it?
text: One of those walking with him is a 10-year-old Kid with a Dog.
text: TRAVIS looks almost too young to own his struggling moustache.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
text: On the infill. The guy from
dialog: L.A.'s just gone down there ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: He has? .. What's he doing here?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: He was waiting for you, Sir. Wait-
dialog: ed a good while. Said he'd go down
dialog: and take a look. I hope that's O.K.
text: The track sinks through a valley of a million discarded tires.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Damn A, it's O.K. With a bit of
dialog: luck I'm goin home. What we got?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
text: A derelict.
speaker_heading: TRIMBLE
text: They cut his throat ..
text: The information comes from freckles and a missing front tooth.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: TRIMBLE
dialog: Trimble.
text: He wears glasses and wields a rusty .22 pump-action Remington.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Where do you fit in, Trimble?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: His father's the manager, Sir.
dialog: The kid was up there shooting
text: vermin, and he found the body.
speaker_heading: TRIMBLE
dialog: Get ready for it, coz I'm tell-
dialog: ing ya, you're in for a shock ..
text: TRIMBLE speaks with some enthusiasm. ROSS looks back with none.
text: They slit him from "ear to ear."
dialog: Ya want me to make a statement?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Not right now. No. Thank you.
scene_heading: 11: EXT. WORKING FACE. INFILL. GARBAGE DUMP. DAY.
text: A series of terraces have been created as the canyon fills up.
text: Black smoke drifts from a distance at will of the wind. Gulls
text: and bulldozers. Plus a stinking ten foot cliff of human filth.
text: Several cars parked here including the blue Mercedes. Several
text: On Lookers behind yellow police tape. ROSS negotiates it look-
text: ing pissed off. Looks up and somewhere in the smoke is BERLIN.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Did you bring it with you?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I hope I'm not intruding?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Be my guest. What you got?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
text: Old guy, offed himself with a
dialog: knife. I can't find the knife.
text: And the next thing ROSS is looking at is a death in the trash.
text: A massive dozer in the background. Everything else is garbage.
speaker_heading: TRIMBLE
text: They cut his throat.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Would you get outside the tape.
dialog: And tell your dad to put that
dialog: fire out ... that ain't legal ...
text: Another face here is so familiar ROSS hasn't bothered to ackn-
text: owledge it. BLATTIS is a 32 year old local newspaper reporter.
text: Little is visible of the body except a blood-stained raincoat.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: I wonder what would make
dialog: him do a thing like that?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Don't annoy me, Travis.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: No, Sir.
text: Truck horns wail in the distance. On the horizon it's thunder.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: So where's the knife?
text: BERLIN wears surgical gloves. Removes film from a small camera.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I dunno .. Guess the dozer
dialog: musta shifted him? You need
dialog: some hands up here to look ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You heard. Look for the knife.
text: Swatting smoke ROSS directs anger at a fat cop called VENABLES.
dialog: You, too .. Move that ass ..
text: BERLIN hands the film to ROSS as he gets into identical gloves.
dialog: You done the pockets?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No, Sir. I haven't started
dialog: till Monday. I'm a "tourist."
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: "Welcome to Eureka."
text: By now ROSS is crouched next to the Corpse examining the wound.
dialog: How long's he been feeling like this?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Week or two. Musta been on the ker-
text: osene. Stinks like a diesel engine.
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
text: Fucken noddle's hanging off ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Mr Blattis, of our local news-
dialog: paper. You sure it's a suicide?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Uh huh .. He's well rehearsed ..
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: What does that mean, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Cut your own throat, you're ner-
dialog: vous about it, tend to hesitate.
dialog: He's got three trial cuts, lower
text: left side of the neck, before he
dialog: works up courage for the big one.
text: BLATTIS looks vaguely impressed. ROSS begins searching pockets.
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: You think Popeye would know that?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I don't think Popeye would be here.
speaker_heading: VENABLES (V.O.)
dialog: Dead dog over here, Sir ...
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Find the knife. And Venab-
dialog: les, is the coroner called?
speaker_heading: VENABLES
dialog: Yes, Sir .. He's delayed ..
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Alright, gentlemen, I'm gonna
dialog: leave you. I got a couple of
dialog: questions for the paper, Serg-
dialog: eant? Mind if I swing by later,
dialog: wring out a tea-bag with you?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: My pleasure .. Who's Popeye?
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Your predecessor. He did-
dialog: n't like to get outta bed.
dialog: Catch you later, Freddy T ..
text: Off he fucks under an ailing sky. BERLIN lands a friendly grin.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: So what happened to the
dialog: barbecues, and fishing?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Watch my lips, coz you're not
dialog: gonna believe this - this is
dialog: a rare occurrence. We haven't
dialog: had a body in eighteen months.
text: He finds keys and change and a sandwich in the Wino's raincoat.
dialog: How does anyone dead
dialog: as this lose a knife?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What about that kid, Ross?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Oh, shit. Of course. The kid.
dialog: (Stands to shout)
dialog: Travis. Find that kid and get
dialog: the knife off him. He's gonna
dialog: lie to you - but he's got it -
dialog: so get it. Well, go on, get on
dialog: with it. Whatta you staring at?
text: TRAVIS stares up like he just stuck his dick in a light socket.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: I think I found some-
dialog: thing horrible, Sir
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Whatta you mean, "horrible?"
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: I think I've found a hand.
scene_heading: 12: EXT. INFILL. GARBAGE DUMP. DAY.
text: ROSS crouches in garbage. Peers into a trash sack with assist-
dialog: ance of a flashlight. "You're right. It's a fucken hand." Pas-
text: ses the light to BERLIN. His turn to examine the ruptured bag.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Looks like a woman's hand?
text: BERLIN finally stands. Offs the flashlight. And hands it back.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I think you're here all day.
scene_heading: 13: EXT. INFILL. GARBAGE DUMP. DAY.
text: Pissing with rain and unspeakably miserable. The 'grid-search'
text: is in progress and 50 square yards of the dump have been ripp-
text: ed to pieces. Intermittent voices from police radios. More veh-
text: icles down below including an ambulance with hazards revolving.
text: Up here half a dozen arc-lights scald off vapor. BERLIN search-
text: es under a busted umbrella. Looks up and runs into ROSS's eyes.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: How much longer we here? We're
dialog: not gonna find nothing else .. ?
text: He wears a rubber cape &amp; looks like a huge pissed-off Napoleon.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: We give it one more hour. Did
dialog: the photographer do the dogs?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: The dogs?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Two dogs. He should do the dogs.
text: And both turn towards a Voice shouting from deep in the gloom.
speaker_heading: VENABLES
dialog: Sergeant - we got a brassiere over
dialog: here. Looks like it could be blood.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Oh, shit.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Alright, I'm coming ..
text: Another intrusion from the radio. TRAVIS repeats the question.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: The coroner wants to know if
dialog: we can release the derelict?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Ask him.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Yeah, he can go ...
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Think I'll lay down with him.
dialog: Only way I'll get outta here.
text: Did someone say something funny? Does BERLIN just about smile.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: It's good to be with you, Ross.
text: And this is probably the only time ROSS will look happy today.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Glad you finally made it, Bro ...
scene_heading: 14: EXT. CAR PARK. POLICE STATION. CITY OF EUREKA. DAY.
text: The Mercedes descends an incline and parks. Brown Chevys and
text: black &amp; white patrol cars. Dismal lights and raining like it
text: doesn't end. BERLIN gets out and unloads the trunk (aquarium
text: &amp; insulated picnic box). Slams the trunk and reveals BLATTIS.
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: You want some umbrella?
text: Proffers a big yellow one plus assistance carrying equipment.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Is this normal?
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Average rainfall, 48 inches.
dialog: Pisses down, October to June.
text: Raining hard enough to hurt. A brisk intimacy across the lot.
dialog: Better in the summer. You
dialog: get to fucka few tourists ..
text: He hits a security code at the door. Obviously familiar with
text: the station. Dialogue continues as they step into a corridor.
scene_heading: 15: INT. CORRIDOR/ADMINISTRATION. POLICE STATION. DAY.
speaker_heading: BLATTIS [BERLIN]
dialog: Not married are you, Sergeant? [No.]
dialog: That's good, you get to fuck a few
dialog: more. So how long you known Freddy?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Freddy? Forever - he was my serg-
dialog: eant when I was a kid - don't get
dialog: to see a lot of each other - but
dialog: we been buddies two hundred years ..
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Did he get you the job?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I think he would have if he could
dialog: have - been trying to get me up
dialog: here long enough - I think he may
dialog: have bribed the old guy to retire ..
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Popeye wasn't old. Younger than you.
text: They push through doors into the biggest room in the building.
text: A dozen desks back to back and all the clutter and clatter of
text: typewriters and paperwork and Secretaries swapping the gossip.
text: Too many cops to describe and no time to remember them anyway.
dialog: But here's one making introductions. About 60 years old. Face
text: a mix of brick and fat. The Chief of Eureka Police is CITRINE.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
text: Sergeants Serato, and Taylor.
text: Any handshakes and greetings that fit in around the equipment.
dialog: Mr Travis, I think you know ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Do me a favor, Travis? Bring in
dialog: the resta the stuff from my car?
text: BLATTIS tosses his parasol "Don't lose it" and follows BERLIN.
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Did you find the knife, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No .. But we have a theory ..
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Kid told me he didn't take it?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Maybe he's lying to you?
text: By now they're in an L shaped room with wood benches and bull-
text: etin board all over the walls. Bullshit everywhere in packing
text: cases. Dusty Playboy spreads amongst other junk on the boards.
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Is it true you found a hand?
text: And he benches the aquarium as BERLIN loses the insulated box.
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: CITRINE (O.S.)
dialog: Interview over, Blattis ...
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: C'mon, Chief, if it's sensitive,
dialog: tell me .. I'm not taking notes ..
text: Right now the box contains camera equipment which is unpacked.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: .. we got a body part. We don't
dialog: know what it is - probably some
dialog: kind of hospital debris - we're
dialog: gonna try and check it out. O.K.
dialog: Now you know as much as we do ..
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Grateful for your candor, Sir.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Then do me a favor, and keep
dialog: this outta the newspaper - that
dialog: dump serves a dozen different
dialog: communities, we don't even know
dialog: if it's ours? Till we do I don't
dialog: want no one worrying about ..
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Wasn't frozen, was it, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Come on, Michael, outta here, the
dialog: guys trying to move in. I told you
dialog: what we know, something else, you-
dialog: 'll be the first to hear about it ..
text: A Woman's face around the door. "Los Angeles for Sergeant Ber-
text: lin." And goodbye BLATTIS as Berlin reaches for the telephone.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Why did he ask if it was frozen?
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: That, I couldn't tell you .. And
dialog: don't worry about anya this crap,
dialog: by the time you're back it's gone ..
text: CITRINE splits as BERLIN picks up "Hey, Ronzo, good of you to
text: call." A long phone lead and he continues to unpack equipment.
speaker_heading: BERLIN (Phone)
dialog: Listen, my time isn't good - but two
dialog: things - really important - the bras-
dialog: siere I sent you? - I need to know if
dialog: those stains are human blood - and if
dialog: they are, do they match the blood in
dialog: the sample? - C'mon, gimme a break, I
dialog: don't know anyone up here, it would
dialog: take two weeks - C'mon, Ronny, I'm ask-
dialog: ing nice? I really need to know wheth-
dialog: er I'm interested in that brassiere? ..
text: A cut-out of Popeye The Sailor with fist round a camera on the
text: wall. Telephone resistance is collapsing and he breaks a smile.
dialog: You're my favourite man - raining -
dialog: I gotta go - Ronny - I gotta go - I
dialog: got a house fulla removal men and a
dialog: date at the morgue - And, Ron, Con-
dialog: gratulations - you're my first call ..
scene_heading: 16: INT. MORGUE. COUNTY HOSPITAL. EUREKA. DAY.
text: ROSS has a Vic inhaler up his nostril. An inadequate defense.
text: A sudden stink slams into his neck muscles. Head and inhaler
text: travel rearward. He shifts eyes to BERLIN who scans the Bum's
text: autopsy reports. A PATHOLOGIST comments on his handiwork into
text: a microphone hanging from the ceiling. "Except as previously
dialog: noted, the liver is not remarkable." ROSS doesn't believe it.
speaker_heading: PATHOLOGIST
dialog: .. if the knife hadn't killed
dialog: him, the booze would .. I nev-
dialog: er seen such a bad cirrhosis ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You say the cut's left to right?
dialog: (He does)
dialog: Isn't that unusual? He's left handed?
text: He picks up a nicotine-stained left hand. Simultaneously a LAB
text: TECHNICIAN wants BERLIN to sign in exchange for the picnic box.
speaker_heading: PATHOLOGIST
dialog: I guess he was so drunk, he did-
dialog: n't know which hand he was using.
dialog: (Re box)
dialog: What are you gonna do with it?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Depends how healthy it is. If it's
dialog: any good, I'll try and get a print ..
text: He hands the clip-board back and remembers a question for ROSS.
dialog: Oh, Ross, that newspaper guy at the
dialog: station, asked me if the hand was
dialog: "frozen?" Why would he ask me that?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Frozen? .. I've no idea ..
text: Another fast fix on the Vic and BERLIN chews fresh gum. A need-
text: le on a weighing machine quivers. "The liver weighs 1420 grams."
dialog: A few beers wouldn't do
dialog: that to you, would they?
speaker_heading: PATHOLOGIST
dialog: No, Freddy .. Not a few ..
scene_heading: 17: INT. KITCHEN. THE ROSS RESIDENCE. EUREKA. DUSK.
text: An explosion of hugs in the kitchen. Everything happens at once.
text: MARGIE ROSS is slim and dark and still looking "twice as pretty."
dialog: She's got compliments for BERLIN too if they can get out of each-
dialog: other's arms "You're looking wonderful, John." But greetings are
dialog: better performed than described, so I'm leaving it to the actors.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You do a rush on three pizzas?
text: He emerges from the refrigerator wielding a bottle of champagne.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: I'm not giving him Pizza. I
dialog: haven't seem him for a year?
dialog: I'm gonna cook him a dinner.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Dinner's another night, darlin ..
dialog: This is a drive-by. I got an hour ..
text: He detours via the kitchen door to shout upstairs. "Hey. Bobby.?"
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Bobby's out .. What's the hurry?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Friday night at City Hall. Got a
dialog: great chance to frighten the fat.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Freddy's new obsession ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Who is who?
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: A professional, whining, con-person
dialog: bitch with an ass the size of Africa ..
text: ROSS fights a difficult cork "You wanna get some glasses, Honey?"
dialog: She's an accounts-manager, very pal-
dialog: ly with our mayor, up to her elbows
dialog: in fraud, and I just can't prove it ..
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: So tonight she confesses?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Tonight I'm feeling lucky ..
text: The cork explodes and he goes for glasses but one isn't willing.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Not for me ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What d'you mean, I just opened it
dialog: for you? This is French champagne.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: No it isn't .. It's Californian ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Even better.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Not today .. I'm on a diet to-
dialog: day .. I'll take a diet soda ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Since when did you drink diet soda?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Stop nagging him. If he doesn't
dialog: want it, he doesn't want it. You-
dialog: 're quacking like an old duck ..
text: And she's already at the fridge and popping a can of diet cola.
dialog: Here you go, Honey .. You're
dialog: looking wonderful, John .. I
dialog: can't believe we got you here ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: How's the new residence?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: O.K.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Not too good in daylight ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: C'mon, just shut your eyes until
dialog: it's painted. You're gonna love
dialog: it. This is "God's Country," John.
scene_heading: 18: INT. CRIME LAB. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: This in huge close-up. Focus hardens on a finger tip. A shock
text: of light. The focus adjusts and a flash bulb fires again. BER-
text: LIN moves away from the view-finder. Chewing gum stuck to the
text: side of the camera returns to his mouth. He activates an auto-
text: matic rewind. It fills the silence while he heads for a phone.
dialog: A lot of paraphernalia and technical type of shit. The bullet-
text: in board is filling up. Photographs chronicle the hours spent
text: on the dump. He dials with eyes on the pictures. A dozen cata-
dialog: logue discovery of the bra. "This is Mike Blattis/I can't take
dialog: your call right now/ If you have a message/You know the sound."
scene_heading: 19: INT. DUTY ROOM/CORRIDOR/ADMIN. POLICE STATION. NIGHT.
text: A reel to reel tape recorder the size of a refrigerator domin-
text: ates the room. A black board details day/night/weekend shifts.
text: T.V. security monitors. A rack of night-sticks. And of course
text: paperwork. VENABLES crouches over a desk filling something in.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Would you drop these off for me?
dialog: Sure he will and six rolls of film are handed across. "Are you
text: winning, Sir?" BERLIN smiles and VENABLES follows him out into
text: the corridor. A couple of Coppers on their way in. One big and
dialog: morose looking called BISLEY. The other we've already met. Tay-
text: lor is a tall balding guy with hazy reddish hair "How you doin?"
text: BERLIN responds a happy "O.K." with eyes returning to VENABLES.
dialog: You know something strange about
dialog: that hand? I think it was frozen?
speaker_heading: VENABLES
dialog: Frozen?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Yeah. What does that mean to you?
text: Apparently little. They arrive in the big room. It's deserted.
dialog: C'mon, Venables, you're a policeman.
dialog: And policemen always have an answer?
speaker_heading: VENABLES
dialog: Well, Sir ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Well, what?
speaker_heading: VENABLES
dialog: Well, we had a very bad murder
dialog: here, coupla years ago. Not act-
dialog: ually in our county, but south
dialog: of here. Girl with no head, no
dialog: hands. You didn't read about it?
dialog: (He didn't)
dialog: It was big shit. They had forty,
dialog: fifty detective working it. Nev-
dialog: er identified her. Never found
dialog: the head, never found the hands ..
text: A vacuum cleaner starts somewhere but BERLIN isn't hearing it.
dialog: So it could be that some crazy's
text: stored her hand in a freezer, and
dialog: only now decided to get rid of it?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Where do I find the file on that?
speaker_heading: VENABLES
dialog: In there if we got anything? I
dialog: believe the code was "Jennifer."
text: BERLIN is already looking. A last question as VENABLES leaves.
dialog: Was it really frozen, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No. Been dead two weeks.
scene_heading: 20: INT. CRIME LAB. POLICE STATION. DAWN.
text: The atrophied Hand is emersed in some kind of fluid. Index and
text: second fingers bound with wire just below the upper joint. BER-
text: LIN reaches for steel pliers. His face remains in close-up for
text: a nasty "snap" as he cuts a finger off. He's filling a syringe
text: with the same fluid when ROSS walks in. "Jesus, you still here?"
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Seven thirty-five .. Here,
dialog: "Town Gets Top Cop." I was
dialog: gonna pin it to your wall.
text: A newspaper featuring a small photograph and article on Berlin.
text: Holding the Finger he carefully inserts a hypodermic needle un-
text: der the wire. Gently shoots in fluid to inflate the finger pad.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Why so coy about the word "frozen"?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Because, don't get into it ...
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: There's nothing in the files?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Watch my lips .. Don't get into it ..
text: The Finger pad is sufficiently restored to try and get a print.
dialog: It wasn't our case, wasn't our coun-
dialog: ty, and got nothing to do with that.
scene_heading: 21: INT. CRIME LAB. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: A slide projector does its stuff on a sheet of card pinned to
text: the door. Close-up of the Hand and off screen voice of BERLIN.
dialog: "Notice anything weird about it?" The answer from ROSS is "No."
text: A pen moves into frame and BERLIN points to marks on the Hand.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
scene_heading: Look - 1 - 2 - 3/4 - 5 - 6 - 7 ..
text: The machine shunts up another slide. Now the back of the Hand.
dialog: I count eleven scars on this hand,
dialog: and four that might be? .. Now I
dialog: count em on my hand? Five. I'm 42
dialog: years old. This girl's about 18?
dialog: How come she's got so many scars?
text: He walks out of the projection beam and neon light flutters on.
dialog: So tell me about "Jennifer?"
text: Reaches for a pack of cigarettes and perches on a nearby stool.
dialog: You know I'm gonna find out.
text: BERLIN counts out cigarettes. And destroys them in an ashtray.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: It's an "unsolved." They spent 500
dialog: thousand dollars &amp; bought emselves
dialog: a dead end - You might wanna check
dialog: it with Taylor, he worked the case.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I already did. What's his problem?
text: ROSS reaches for the paper &amp; thumb-tacks it to the wall "That."
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: He thinks you stole his promotion.
dialog: (Re cigarettes)
dialog: What exactly you doin there, John?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: It's a method for quitting smoking.
text: A Zippo opens (sports L.A.P.D. insignia) and BERLIN lights up.
text: He takes a punishing hit and exhales a lungful across the lab.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: That's an interesting method?
dialog: Must help beat the withdrawal?
text: Back on his feet BERLIN is about to begin more work on the Hand.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: It's a technique I read about.
dialog: If you smoke 60 a day, you buy
dialog: three packs, throw one cigar-
dialog: ette away, and smoke 59. Day 2,
dialog: you throw 2 away and smoke 58 ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Why don't you throw them
dialog: all away, and smoke none?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Because it's a ritual you gotta
dialog: go through with. I'm down to 10.
text: Daftest thing Ross ever heard. BERLIN is poised to make a print.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You want my advice?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Maybe?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Find yourself a farmer's daughter
dialog: with nice big fucking tits, and
dialog: shake that "bye-bye." Send it to
dialog: Sacramento, John .. I sniff grief ..
scene_heading: 22: INT. STAIRS/LIVING ROOM. BERLIN'S HOUSE. DAY.
text: BERLIN &amp; ROSS are opposite ends of a bed jammed on the stairs.
dialog: "Bastards. I gave em a 20 buck tip." Various navigational sug-
text: gestions from ROSS win them another stair. Plus advice from a
text: 12 year old called BOBBY. "You gotta go left, Dad." ROSS knows
text: he's gotta go left! Both heave as MARGIE walks out the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: You're all done except the floor.
text: The house is a zoo of furniture. Bullshit piled up everywhere.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You're a saint, Margie, thanks ..
text: By now she's got the apron off and her coat on. "C'mon, Bobby."
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Don't forget the wagon, Darlin?
text: And off they go via a slammed door as the phone starts to ring.
scene_heading: 23: INT. BEDROOM. HOUSE. DAY.
text: In they stagger. The bed goes down. And BERLIN sprawls on top
text: of it. Devastated for oxygen. "Alright. That's it. I'm fucked."
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You gotta stop smoking ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I am stopping smoking ...
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I don't mean this "system" shit
dialog: that keeps you sucking, I mean
dialog: stop .. I was exactly like you
dialog: are .. I used to wake in the
dialog: night - heart going so hard
dialog: I coulda made love with my left
dialog: tit .. If I can stop, you can ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: How'd you do it, old man?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Someone bet me a dollar ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: A dollar? .. Not worth
dialog: giving up for a dollar ..
text: BERLIN manages to find air to sit. Reaches for the Ansa Phone.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Alright. I'll bet you fifty?
text: First call comes from Delaware Roofing vis-a-vis the estimate.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Fifty dollars? You got a bet.
text: During these proceedings the machine has moved to another call.
speaker_heading: [MACHINE]
dialog: [J.B./Ronzo/Got some results for
dialog: you/ First/ the blood on the bra
dialog: is human/ and it's not a popular
dialog: brand/A.B. Neg and that's a rare
dialog: one/Two/the blood on the brassie-
dialog: re is compatible with the blood
dialog: from the hand/Three/If you need
dialog: anything else the official answer
dialog: from all us Christians down here,
dialog: is fuck off/Shoot me a duck/Bye]
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What are you gonna do, Soldier?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm gonna dig up "Jennifer."
scene_heading: 24: INT. (TELETYPE)/ADMIN. POLICE STATION. NIGHT.
text: And here's part of the "exhumation." CITRINE stares at a tele-
text: type machine waiting for transmission on Jennifer to complete.
dialog: Approximate date of birth/Approximate date of death/ Identity
text: Unknown. Visible misgivings as he hauls it out and reads. One
text: or two chairs already on desks. ROSS still at his pawing over
text: documents with a detective called SERATO. Cigarette smoke and
text: shirt sleeves. ROSS looks up and catches CITRINE as he passes.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Chief, I gotta talk to
dialog: ya about this fat lady?
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: What about her?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: She's making my life a
dialog: misery .. I wanna give
dialog: her a lie-detector test?
text: CITRINE continues up the carpet. "Alright, we'll talk about it."
scene_heading: 25: INT. CRIME LAB. POLICE STATION. NIGHT.
text: A florescent glow from a T.V. monitor supplies the only light.
text: BERLIN vacillates interest between the scanner and the screen.
speaker_heading: CITRINE (O.S.)
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Laser enhancement of the finger-
dialog: tip .. it's really bothering me ..
dialog: See these striations right here?
dialog: (Green on the screen)
dialog: It's like she's always worrying
text: the end of her finger? Rubbing it
dialog: with a thumb nail, or something?
text: But CITRINE isn't interested in finger nails. He's staring at
text: a polystyrene torso of a faceless girl. She wears a brassiere
text: stuffed with newspaper and a black wig. (Welcome Jennifer Two)
text: She's almost identical to Jennifer.
dialog: Slim - White - same age - bra size
dialog: is even the same. Nicely made lady.
text: CITRINE stares at the Dummy like he's gonna ask it a question.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: How do you know her hair's black?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Hair on her hand. Plus Jen-
text: nifer had raven black hair.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: What is all this Jennifer stuff?
text: He waves a handful of teletype before dumping it on a bench.
dialog: These cases aren't connected, John?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Yes, Sir, I think they maybe.
dialog: I think "Jennifer," and this
dialog: lady got hit by the same guy?
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: I don't see that at all ..
text: On the board is a super-imposed picture of a hand over a wrist.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I got four points of posit-
dialog: ive comparison on the cut ..
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Yeah, that's all very inter-
dialog: esting, but where's the body?
text: A question he doesn't need because he hasn't an answer. CITRINE
text: has an eye on further photographs relevant to the Jennifer case.
dialog: I don't know nothing about this "Jenn-
dialog: ifer" girl, cept what some of the guys
dialog: told me - but principal feature of the
text: case was a gruesome displayal of the
dialog: body. He wanted it found. So if this is
dialog: the same guy, why's he hidden this one?
text: Another question he can't answer - and this time he doesn't get
text: a chance - BISLEY walks in with an apology for the interruption.
dialog: Got a face like Humphrey Bogart's mother fucked a different guy.
speaker_heading: BISLEY
dialog: Just wondered if you had time to
dialog: get around to my pharmacy stuff?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You'll have it in the morning ..
speaker_heading: BISLEY
dialog: Alright, I'll try again tomorrow.
text: Bisley has gone but his tension stays. BERLIN unwraps fresh gum.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Probably making him feel a bit
text: antsy seein it back on the wall.
dialog: He worked a lotta time on this.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I thought it was Taylor's case?
speaker_heading: CITRINE
text: Sucked in officers from all over
dialog: the county. And it was the worst
dialog: six months this station ever had.
text: This is CITRINE's shop and BERLIN isn't gonna row it with him.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What do you want me to do, Chief?
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: I'm not telling you what to do.
dialog: What I will say, is right now,
dialog: that child's tricycle there is
dialog: more important to me than this ..
text: He refers to a little bicycle. Vouchered and obviously stolen.
text: By now CITRINE is at the hinges. A pause before he disappears.
dialog: Why don't you give it a minute, &amp;
dialog: stop by my office. We should talk.
scene_heading: 26: INT. MERCEDES SEDAN. CITY OF EUREKA. NIGHT.
text: Melted neon in the streets. A wet mid-town night. Nothing but
text: sound of windshield wipers and click of a Zippo lighter. ROSS
text: rides stoic passenger while BERLIN drives with festering eyes.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: .. what does he think it is?
speaker_heading: BERLIN [ROSS]
dialog: Everything it isn't [make a left].
dialog: He even tried a "self-inflicted."
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: It's possible.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: C'mon, Ross, the bra and hand were
text: in different bags a 100 feet apart ..
text: They stop at a light and a beeper goes as warning to the blind.
dialog: What's she gonna do? Dump her bra
text: in one bag, her hand in the other,
dialog: and wander off whistling Hey Jude?
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: It's the garage on the far corner.
text: BERLIN is worrying at his fingertip on the wheel of the Zippo.
dialog: You can't stop it, can you?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Worrying - clicking - picking - You
text: may as well be back in Los Angeles.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What do you mean, Ross?
text: The lights change and off they go and BERLIN waits for a turn.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Why don't you dump it? Mail it off.
dialog: Give the fucking F.B.I. a present?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Why don't you dump the "Fat Lady?"
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Because I dislike her too much ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: O.K. and I'm not in love with this
dialog: fukker? That's how I feel about him.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: No you don't. That's how you think
dialog: you feel about him. That's how you
dialog: feel about yourself. You won't give
dialog: yourself one-fucking-minute for you.
text: And by now they've arrived and pulled up on the garage forecourt.
text: It's indicative of their friendship that ROSS can talk like this.
dialog: Wait for me. It might not be ready.
text: He quits the car and BERLIN watches him scurry towards a service
text: shop. Rain beats on the roof and BERLIN looks stubbed out. A lot
text: of cuts coming up and here are some of them. Runs a hand through
text: his hair in unconscious frustration. A finger constantly bothers
text: the Zippo. Eyes towards ROSS who silhouettes in florescent light.
text: Somewhere in the background the lights change to red. Once again
text: the beeping sound of traffic-lights speaking to the blind. Maybe
text: he looks across but that doesn't matter. Something just happens
text: inside his head he isn't yet quite aware of. Everything in close
text: up. Big on the Zippo. Big on BERLIN. And he leaps out of the car.
text: BERLIN sprints through the weather. A station wagon is still in
text: the air at the end of an hydraulic jack. Surprise from ROSS and a
text: MECHANIC as BERLIN arrives. Fuck the fanbelt and listen to this.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I just had this insane idea - if
dialog: I'm wrong, I'll take a week off
dialog: and redecorate your entire house ..
text: Rain beats at the roof and the jack sinks the wagon behind them.
dialog: She's blind, Ross - that's why all
dialog: the scars - hear that traffic light?
dialog: That noise is to help blind people -
dialog: that's why the marks on her finger-
dialog: tips? - this lady reads in Braille ..
scene_heading: 27: INT. ADMINISTRATION. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: BERLIN sits at a desk at the end of the room. Nothing here but
text: a legal pad and a phone. The pad is covered in names &amp; numbers.
dialog: Right now he's into a call and this is sounding promising."How
text: old?" And he writes 26. "How long?" About 6 weeks ago. Hope in
text: his eyes as he looks across to a woman called ANN. She's doing
dialog: what he's doing on a different line "Wait a minute, I specific-
dialog: ally said I was looking for a girl?" And all hope over because
dialog: Lesley is a boy. But here comes ANN &amp; this might be something?
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Shasta-Trinity Institute. Line one.
text: Sticks a sheet of notes on his desk and he junks the last call.
speaker_heading: BERLIN (New call)
dialog: Hello .. Yes .. This is Sergeant
dialog: Berlin .. Yes, that's right .. I
dialog: believe my assistant explained? ..
dialog: How long ago was that? .. Uh-huh.
dialog: O.K. .. Who is who? .. Whass his
dialog: name? Goodridge? O.K. I'll hold ..
text: ROSS in transit grinning from ear to ear. BERLIN interested in
text: little but his notes and ROSS in nothing but obvious good news.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Pig Woman agreed to take a test.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I think I got something - twenty
dialog: two years old, dark hair - study-
dialog: ing mathematics - (Yes, yes, I'm
dialog: holding) - Last seen 5 weeks ago ..
scene_heading: 28: EXT. LANDSCAPE/ROAD. TRINITY FOREST. DAY.
text: Mussorgsky is back on a shock cut. Big music and a shattering
text: landscape. Juniper woods and mountains. Sunlight on fresh fal-
text: len snow. Somewhere a long way off a car crawls up the valley.
text: Ross's car bursts into frame and as quickly the bend snatches
text: it away. An unexpected building in the distance. Victorian at
text: a glance but probably later. A clock tower and fifty lifeless
text: windows. The Chevy disappears towards its somber architecture.
scene_heading: 29: EXT. THE SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: Pine trees and slush and parked cars. The Chevrolet swings in
text: and parks in front of the mansion. Breath in the air and eyes
text: on the ugly pile as they slam doors and head for its entrance.
scene_heading: 30: INT. ENTRANCE/RECEPTION. INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: BERLIN first with ROSS following. As soon as they hit the ent-
text: rance they trigger a recorded voice. "YOU ARE NOW AT THE MAIN
text: ENTRANCE. THERE ARE SIX STEPS." Midway up them with ROSS look-
text: ing back. "RECEPTION IS THROUGH SWING DOORS AND TO YOUR RIGHT."
scene_heading: 31: INT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICER. INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: GOODRIDGE is mid-50's with a beard like Abraham Lincoln. Sits
text: far side of his desk alternating eyes between ROSS and BERLIN.
text: The latter studies a photograph of a Girl in a file. It's pos-
dialog: sible they've found Jennifer Two? "How recent is the picture?"
speaker_heading: GOODRIDGE
dialog: As recent as we have .. What ex-
dialog: actly is your interest in Amber?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm afraid I can't give you an ans-
dialog: wer to that, Mr Goodridge. As I ex-
dialog: plained to your secretary, we're do-
dialog: ing a lotta looking, but we're not
dialog: even sure it's her we're lookin for ..
speaker_heading: GOODRIDGE
dialog: Then what are you hoping I'm gon-
dialog: na do? Dissuade, or persuade you?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I was hopin since we spoke that you
dialog: might have remembered something that
dialog: would give us an idea where she is?
speaker_heading: GOODRIDGE
dialog: Then you could have saved yourself
dialog: a lot of driving, Sergeant. What I
dialog: said on the phone's the same as I'm
dialog: saying now. I got no idea where Amb-
dialog: er is, or who it was took her there.
text: He doesn't like them but not as much as ROSS doesn't like him.
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: A blind girl can just walk out of
dialog: here, and you don't know who with?
speaker_heading: GOODRIDGE
dialog: You find something curious in that?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Yeah, I guess I do.
speaker_heading: GOODRIDGE
dialog: Then let me put your mind at ease ..
dialog: Firstly, Amber isn't "blind" - she
dialog: has some useful vision - and second,
dialog: this isn't a prison, it's a college
dialog: of higher education - a severe vis-
dialog: ual disability doesn't mean my stud-
dialog: ents don't value their independence
dialog: as much as anybody else - and Amber
dialog: was a very independent young woman -
dialog: She decided to leave - so she left ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: And you got no idea with who?
speaker_heading: GOODRIDGE
dialog: No, Sergeant, I got no idea with who.
dialog: And I might add, that in another six
dialog: weeks, a hundred and fifty students
dialog: will be leaving here, &amp; driving away
dialog: for their Christmas holidays with pe-
dialog: ople whose name I-won't-know-either ..
text: ROSS could sock him in the crop but the phone rings and he ex-
text: cuses himself to answer it. Whatever he hears he isn't liking.
dialog: You have an appointment with Miss
dialog: Robertson?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Yes, Sir.
speaker_heading: GOODRIDGE
dialog: As she's a member of my staff,
dialog: may I ask what this is about?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Well, apparently, she saw Amber the
dialog: weekend she left, &amp; was briefly in
text: the room with the guy she left with.
speaker_heading: GOODRIDGE
dialog: I see .. Well, she's teaching an-
dialog: other class at four .. I'd apprec-
dialog: iate it if you don't detain her ..
scene_heading: 32: INT. CORRIDOR. INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: Looking back down a deserted corridor. Someone tried to put sun-
text: shine on the walls with yellow paint. Somewhere a long way away
text: there is a sound like children singing. ROSS loathes this joint.
text: Loathes its silence. Eyes back to BERLIN as he rings a doorbell.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Where is everyone?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I dunno .. I guess this is
dialog: staff side of the building?
text: Here come footsteps and the door is opened by HELENA ROBERTSON.
text: Early 20's and blonde and not immediately beautiful. But delic-
text: ate features than need no make up and big dark eyes. They look
text: away for introductions as though she's shy. ROSS &amp; BERLIN grab
text: glances as they follow in. Neither expected HELENA to be blind.
scene_heading: 33: INT. APARTMENT. INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: Claustrophobia evaporates instantly. Great views down the val-
text: ley from every window. Plus a bizarre jumble of furniture and
text: colors. But no pictures on the walls. No friendly photographs.
text: Nor any lights. Although the afternoon is shutting down there
text: isn't a light in the room. ROSS elects to stay at the windows.
text: BERLIN takes an offered chair. HELENA sits nervously opposite.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: What d'you wanna ask, Mr Ross?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm Mr Berlin. Mr Ross is right
dialog: here. And Mr Ross is maybe gonna
dialog: take a few notes, if that's O.K.?
dialog: (She nods)
dialog: O.K. .. I'd like you to tell me
dialog: in what ever way you want, what
dialog: you can remember about the time
dialog: you spent with Amber on the aft-
dialog: ernoon she left? Take your time,
dialog: and nothing's too trivial, O.K.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Well, I think I told you on the
dialog: phone .. I went up to her room
dialog: to say good-bye, and we just sat
text: on the bed and chatted a while,
dialog: while her friend was coming in
text: and out collecting her things ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What kind of friend? Was he a boy
dialog: friend? An old friend? New friend?
text: Lots of headshake. And lots of silences. "I really don't know."
dialog: That's O.K. Can you give me any
dialog: idea what this fellow was like?
dialog: (Headshake)
dialog: Well, d'you know how old he was?
dialog: (Headshake)
dialog: Alright, let me put it this way?
dialog: How old d'you think I am? Twenty-
dialog: six? Thirty-nine? Or fifty-three?
speaker_heading: HELENA
text: Fifty-three.
text: Possibly the only grin ROSS is going to get out of this place.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You must have some idea about him.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: When we spoke on the phone,
dialog: did you know I was blonde?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Why not? You heard my voice?
text: A good point. And a point taken. And BERLIN might even say so.
dialog: We don't have some kind of
dialog: sixth-sense, you know. Ex-
dialog: cept in ridiculous novels ..
text: Now another silence overtaken by a low whistle in another room.
dialog: He used a breath freshener ...
text: A sardonic headshake from ROSS. Well that solves the case then!
dialog: And I think his name was John?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: John? .. You never said that
dialog: on the phone? .. What makes
dialog: you think his name was John?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I don't know. I guess she must
dialog: have called him John? I'm mak-
dialog: ing tea. Would you like some?
text: BERLIN would but ROSS wouldn't. She leaves and whispers begin.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: This looks promising .. I
dialog: think this one could be it?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Thank Christ we got a witness.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Let me just keep going a while.
dialog: She might remember something?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What? She's blind, Bro. You
dialog: may as well ask one of these
dialog: Beethoven guys on the piano?
text: He thumbs a cluster of cheap busts of composers on an upright.
dialog: We're better off having another
dialog: pop at old Abe Lincoln down the-
dialog: re? Get angry with the prick. Get
dialog: some of his "useful visions" in?
dialog: Someone must have seen something?
text: Negative from BERLIN. Checked it out. Sunday and no one about.
dialog: This is fucken crazy. Two hours
dialog: here, two hours back, and the
dialog: only word I've written is John ..
text: A touch later and the sun is setting. ROSS stands at a window
text: to watch it go. Watches one or two cars driving away. Watches
text: a bird sitting outside on the fire-escape. BERLIN's voice can
dialog: just about be heard off screen "You said he spoke? Can you re-
text: member what he said?" ROSS saunters back into HELENA's answer.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Well, he just said, come on,
dialog: hurry up, will you, because
text: it's starting to snow again.
text: Empty teacups and empty notebook. ROSS sits opposite BERLIN.
dialog: And I remember, he was a lit-
text: tle breathless from carrying
dialog: the cases because the elevat-
dialog: or had gone out that weekend.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: The elevator wasn't working?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: No, it has a mind of its own.
text: A clock strikes four somewhere. And BERLIN knows he's lost it.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Can I see your hands?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: My hands?
text: He takes her hands and HELENA immediately looks uncomfortable.
text: He examines scars and she stares at him with her useless eyes.
dialog: I have a class. I have to go.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Is there anything else you can
dialog: tell me? Anything about him or
dialog: her? Doesn't matter how small?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: No. Except he smoked. Like you.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Yes, I could smell it on his
dialog: breath, like I can on your's.
text: A taut instant between ROSS and BERLIN. BERLIN caught out and
text: he knows it. ROSS roars in silence "YOU LYING PIG" and writes
text: in his notebook. The angle switches to see "BERLIN IS A LIAR."
dialog: I'm late .. I really have to go ..
text: Everyone suddenly on their feet and HELENA gets into a jacket.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: D'you have a dog? Seeing Eye Dog?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Lotta scratch-marks on your door?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Sometimes I look after friends dogs,
dialog: if they go to dances, or something?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Could I just refer you to
dialog: this memo here, Sergeant?
text: He tries to get his notebook under BERLIN's nose. But BERLIN
text: isn't looking or listening but following HELENA into her hall.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Did Amber have a dog?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What color was it?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I don't know.
text: She opens the door and ROSS is barely through before it slams.
scene_heading: 34: INT. CORRIDOR. INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: ROSS baits BERLIN up the corridor. Ridicules in silence while
scene_heading: counting imaginary winnings. Watch my lips! F.I.F.T.Y. HELENA
text: walks innocent of the pantomime and BERLIN tries to ignore it.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: .. if she writes, or calls, or any-
dialog: thing at all, you let me know, O.K.
text: He bells the elevator refusing to acknowledge ROSS's bullshit.
dialog: I'll leave a number with the office ..
text: Lips drill a whisper into his ear. "Fifty fucken dollars, O.K."
dialog: What exactly do you teach, Helena?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Music composition .. and cello ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Fifty of em. And I want em now.
text: Meanwhile the elevator arrives triggering a Voice. "YOU ARE NOW
text: ON THE FOURTH FLOOR." Doors slide open and Christ look at this?
dialog: What kind of eye-defect needs glasses like this? Lenses like ei-
text: ther half of a glass ball. He's early 30's and decidedly "iffy."
text: Is he student/staff or what? As he exits they enter staring aft-
text: er him. As the doors close the MYOPIC turns to stare after them.
scene_heading: 35: INT. CHEVROLET. TRINITY VALLEY. DUSK.
text: ROSS drives and BERLIN studies Amber's file. "Wanna beer?" No
text: answer but cans appear anyway from a pack between Ross's legs.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Had a seeing Eye Dog since she
dialog: was eighteen .. didn't I tell
dialog: you those dogs meant something ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: No, you didn't.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Alright, I didn't, but I nearly
dialog: did, and if I had I'd have been
dialog: right .. I knew there was some-
dialog: thing about that Labrador, that
dialog: dog was too good to be dead ..
dialog: We gotta get back up that dump ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: No way .. not me, Mister. I'm not
dialog: going up there again. Might find
text: someone's prick in a hot-dog roll.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: We're going.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Forget it. They got stringent hyg-
text: iene rules. He's long gone in lime.
text: ROSS pops cans and hands one over. But BERLIN doesn't want it.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Maybe not? I'm feeling lucky ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: So am I. But where's my money?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Don't start again. If you win a
dialog: bet, you can't keep winning it ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Pay me, and I shut up.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I haven't got it.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Then give me that Zippo.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I need some security. I
dialog: don't trust you anymore.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I had one puff on a pipe.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I don't want excuses, I want that
dialog: weird-looking stuff called "cash."
text: Snaps fingers "Gimme the lighter." And he does to shut him up.
dialog: I'll tell you what I'm gonna do?
dialog: I'm gonna do you a big favor ..
dialog: Forget the 50 and I'll keep this.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What do you want it for?
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: To throw out of the window.
text: Does it as he says it. Bye-bye Zippo! BERLIN can't believe it.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What are you doing, Ross?
dialog: I've had that 15 years! ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: It's not your friend. It
dialog: keeps you sucking. Remem-
dialog: ber the old Bum's lungs?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I remember the old bastard's
dialog: liver! I don't believe you
dialog: did that. I had a great sent-
dialog: imental attachment to that.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You want me to stop the car?
text: An academic question considering the Zippo went down a ravine.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No! Get me to that garbage dump!
dialog: I'm gonna find that fucking dog!
scene_heading: 36: EXT. CITY DUMP. CITY OF EUREKA. NIGHT.
text: Gloom congeals around flashlights. A winter mist falling down.
text: TRIMBLE and Doberman watch as BERLIN goes at it with a shovel.
text: A dozen graves already dug and he's halfway into another. Des-
text: pite the cold he sweats in shirt sleeves. Also breathless and
dialog: rests to catch his wind. "Don't you have to go to bed?" No he
text: doesn't. He wants to see the victim. Digging recommences with
text: TRIMBLE supplying the light. BERLIN suddenly stops. "Get that
text: lamp down here." White lime. Black fur. They've found the Dog.
text: BERLIN begins an examination holding a tiny flashlight in his
text: teeth. Eyes excitedly back to TRIMBLE and gesturing towards a
dialog: bag. "That bag there. You find a knife and a paira long-nosed
text: pliers." TRIMBLE does it relishing the snap of a switch-blade.
text: BERLIN still busy with the light in his mouth. TRIMBLE pissed
text: because he can't see what's happening. BERLIN removes a crump-
text: led bullet from the back of the Labrador's skull. Holds it up
text: for scrutiny. Small calibre. Badly distorted. "Looks like a 22?"
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You didn't shoot him did you?
speaker_heading: TRIMBLE
dialog: Me .. I love dogs .. Ask him?
scene_heading: 37: INT. ANTI ROOM/ADMINISTRATION. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: LETTERS BIG AS A HOUSE. And Loud. The printer reciprocates as
text: fast as its mechanics are capable. Details coming in from San
scene_heading: Diego. VICAP Case Number/F.B.I. Case Number/Victim Status/etc
text: etc. Letters smacking into paper too fast to read. But one de-
text: tail is repeated constantly and underlined. "Identity Unknown."
text: Transmission ends and BERLIN hauls at least a yard of homicide
text: out of the machine. Can't believe what he's looking at. "Jesus.
text: He hit six." Reads as he walks back into the big room and gets
text: interrupted by a call. "Miss Robertson. Holding." He heads for
text: the phone with eyes following ANN "Find Ross for me, will you?"
speaker_heading: BERLIN (Phone)
dialog: Berlin .. yeah .. that's nice of
dialog: you, Helena, but I already found
dialog: out .. black, yes .. No, no, of
dialog: course not, good of you to call ..
dialog: You heard a what? .. A hollow car?
text: A hand shoves papers at the edge of his vision. TAYLOR looks a
text: mite cheesy. "You got a minute for this?" And BERLIN nods sure.
dialog: Yes, I'm still here .. Why didn't
dialog: you mention that? .. I see .. Al-
dialog: right, we should talk again .. No,
text: I'm just south of my eye-lids in
dialog: it right now .. How about Sunday?
scene_heading: 38: EXT. COAST ROAD. HUMBOLDT BAY. EUREKA. DAY.
text: The first shining day of November. Sand dunes and an infinite
text: stretch of beach. Behind the sea-break is a lagoon and a tiny
text: harbor. Berlin's Mercedes descends the coast road towards it.
scene_heading: 39: EXT. HARBOR. HUMBOLDT BAY. EUREKA. DAY.
text: Ross's boat is a 35 foot fisherman. Shining brass and varnish.
dialog: But like him it's getting on and often grumpy. This last qual-
text: ity presently evident in both. Engine roaring and ROSS is cov-
text: ered in oil. BERLIN has to shout above the racket to be heard.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: .. I put the slug in for a ballis-
dialog: tics report, the man tells me, for
dialog: get it. Soft lead, it's worthless ..
dialog: I think, fuck it. And fuck Citrine.
dialog: I call a friend of mine in Los Ang-
dialog: eles, and he runs our whole damned
text: show through a main-frame looking
dialog: for anything similar to our ladies
dialog: shot with a twenty-two - you don't
dialog: believe what he finds in San Diego ..
text: ROSS detours eyes to wave at his Son. "Watch those revs there."
dialog: Would you shut it down a min-
dialog: ute, Ross? This is important.
text: ROSS signals BOBBY to turn off. And the diesel splutters down.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Alright, let's take a walk around
dialog: the block .. I gotta buy a gasket ..
scene_heading: 40: EXT. QUAY/HARBOR. HUMBOLDT BAY. DAY.
text: Seagulls and sunshine and probably Saturday because the place
text: is busy. ROSS walks with BERLIN up a wooden quay. Their journ-
text: ey will take them across a small bridge towards a Marine Shop.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Six girls over a period of 18
dialog: months, and give or take a head
dialog: or two, the M.O.'s exactly the
dialog: same. Dark hair. No hands. All
dialog: shot with a high velocity twen-
text: ty-two in the back of the head.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: How come the F.B.I. don't put
dialog: anya this together? They work-
dialog: ed over "Jennifer" for months?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: They possibly did - but they nev-
dialog: er had a head, so they never had
dialog: a bullet - and they never got an
dialog: I.D. - not on any of em - never
dialog: bust a homicide unless you know
dialog: who your victim is - we're the
dialog: first to get a positive identity.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Identity of whom? You got a girl,
dialog: doesn't even have a driver's lic-
dialog: ense? .. She's untraceable, John ..
dialog: You need fifty detectives on this.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: That's what I'm here for. I want
dialog: you to come and see Citrine with
dialog: me? He's not gonna here it from
dialog: me but I know he'd listen to you.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Listen to me saying what?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I wanna take that fucking Blind In-
dialog: stitute to pieces .. Every address
dialog: book, every phone call, everyone in
dialog: and outta there in the last 5 years ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: For a dead dog?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: We've fused into a major series,
dialog: Ross. This girl isn't the second
dialog: victim. This is "Jennifer Eight."
text: And this is the second time they stop and stare at each other.
dialog: That old Wino on the heap wasn't
text: a suicide. He stumbled into some-
dialog: thing, saw something, and whoever
dialog: took him out knew how to fake it.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: That isn't what you said before.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I was wrong.
text: Says it with remarkable humility considering he's the "expert."
dialog: I'm going in to see Citrine this
dialog: afternoon. Will you come with me?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You're not .. He's in hospital ..
text: He was trying out a new pair of
text: skis in his hallway. The phone
text: rings, and he goes for it, and
text: falls off. He must be the only
dialog: skier in Northern California to
text: break a leg in his living room.
text: They arrive at the Chandler's with BERLIN in no mood to smile.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You believe me, don't you?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What does it matter what I bel-
dialog: ieve? .. What you gotta worry
dialog: about is what Citrine believes ..
text: But he doesn't really believe it. And doesn't enjoy saying no.
dialog: But I can't help you with this. We
dialog: can't go through the door with two
dialog: contentious issues, you with a mass
dialog: murderer, and me with the Mayor's
dialog: best friend. Do that, we lose both.
dialog: I'm sorry, Bro, you're on your own.
scene_heading: 41: EXT. TRINITY VALLEY. DAY. (HELICOPTER)
text: The Mercedes and Music travel north. The latter made sinister
text: by this landscape. Forest plunging into dark ravines. The sun
text: colors the mountains red. But most of the valley is in shadow.
scene_heading: 42: EXT. DRIVE/PARKING. SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: A high wind in the chimneys. And the view is still from above.
text: Like someone's looking down from the top of the building. And
text: maybe someone is? BERLIN parks it and gets out. Stretches and
text: walks towards the institute. He looks very small from up here.
scene_heading: 43: INT. GYMNASIUM. INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: HELENA plays Elgar in an empty gymnasium. Sunlight streams in
text: staining the air red. As BERLIN arrives doors on the opposite
text: wall flap together like somebody just hurried out. Did he see
text: someone? Perhaps not. The trees outside move a lot of shadows.
text: Music stands. Vacant chairs. BERLIN takes one to watch her re-
text: hearse. Realizes just how beautiful she is. And HELENA realiz-
text: es someone is there. Before she can ask he identifies himself.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Have you been here long?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No, just a minute or two .. I
dialog: knocked on your door - no one
dialog: home, so I followed the music ..
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm sorry. I'll get my things.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No problem. I'm not in a hurry.
text: But she's already fussing about stuffing sheet music in a bag.
dialog: Matter of fact, I saw a little
text: restaurant place down the road.
dialog: Looked kinda pretty? I thought
dialog: maybe we could have some lunch?
text: No answer but the answer is no. BERLIN finds her book for her.
dialog: Alright, whatever .. Was some-
dialog: one in here with you? When I
text: came in the door was flapping?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I don't think so .. No one
dialog: comes here at the weekends ..
scene_heading: 44: INT. STAIRCASE. INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: The gale shouts its head off. The Camera looks down from above.
text: Nothing to see except the stairwell and a hand on the banister.
speaker_heading: HELENA (O.S.)
dialog: I suppose I'm the worst
dialog: witness you've ever had?
speaker_heading: BERLIN (O.S.)
dialog: I gotta admit, you're one of
dialog: them. Just wish I knew what
dialog: you meant by a "hollow car?"
speaker_heading: HELENA (O.S.)
dialog: Well, some cars sound fat and
dialog: some cars sound thin, and this
dialog: kind of car sounded "hollow" ..
text: Any moment now they turn a corner of the stairs into close-up.
dialog: Maybe it was a foreign car?
dialog: Our kinda cars sound "fat."
text: The elevator is parked on this floor with its doors half open.
dialog: Are you sure you wanna see it?
dialog: It's another three floors up?
text: Despite breathlessness he does. "How often does it break down?"
dialog: Oh, all the time. They keep
dialog: threatening to have it re-
dialog: placed, but they never will.
scene_heading: 45: INT. ATTIC APARTMENT. INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: Gloomy windows and a wardrobe. BERLIN walks in leaving HELENA
text: at the door. "I sat right there, on the bed." The bed is gone
text: but why tell her? He checks the wardrobe. Guess what? Hangers.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: If I came to the diner with
dialog: you, would you bring me back?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Of course I would ..
text: His smile deteriorates as he realizes she's "staring" at him.
dialog: What are you staring at, Hel-
dialog: ena? .. I mean .. I'm sorry ..
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: That's alright. You suddenly
dialog: reminded me of him .. He was
dialog: standing right where you are,
dialog: kind of breathless, like you.
text: Nothing happening except the wind. Then a smile as she leaves.
dialog: I'll get my coat, wait
dialog: for you downstairs ..
text: And he begins an exploration. Musty bathroom with old-fashion-
text: ed fixtures. A tap leaking behind shower curtains. Nothing in
text: the cabinet. Nothing under the sink. Six steps and he is in a
text: kitchen. Finally finds something worth looking for. Tears the
text: sack out of a vacuum cleaner. Discovers a knot of hair from a
text: black dog. Simultaneously the door slams. Shock powers him in-
text: to the sitting room in time to hear a key turning in the lock.
text: Hits the door and shouts. Hears footsteps moving rapidly away.
scene_heading: 46: INT. RECEPTION. INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: A huge Christmas poster advertises SHASTA-TRINITY ARTS/CRAFTS.
text: HELENA sits in the deserted foyer reading Braille. The volume
text: is the size of a phone directory. BERLIN appears via the main
text: entrance. Windswept and wasted and surprised she's still here.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm sorry, someone slammed the
text: door on me. I couldn't get out.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: It was probably the wind.
dialog: Hellava wind that turns a key! But he says nothing. Takes the
text: book while she gets into her coat. She's obviously made an ef-
text: fort. A change of clothes and her hair pinned up. But she has
text: got the sweater on inside out and the label is under her chin.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What are you reading?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Hamlet. Have you read it?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You should. It's wonderful.
text: By now they're at the doors with BERLIN escorting her through.
scene_heading: 47: INT. RESTAURANT/DINER. TRINITY VALLEY. DAY.
dialog: Red brick walls and help yourself to salad. All but empty and
text: their food is yet to arrive. BERLIN is clearly having a tough
text: time with the conversation. Basically because there isn't any.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: .. I'll tell you what, if I prom-
dialog: ise to stop being a cop, will you
dialog: promise to stop being a witness?
text: HELENA sits frozen like she's waiting for results of an X-ray.
dialog: I mean, we don't havta sit here
dialog: waiting for me to ask the next
dialog: question? You could ask one, too?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Are you wearing a uniform?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Well, I'm glad we got the conver-
text: sational side of lunch over with.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm sorry .. I don't like sitting
dialog: in the middle of a restaurant .. I
text: feel like everyone's looking at me ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: There's no one "looking at you" ..
dialog: There's hardly anyone in here. The
dialog: only person looking at you, is me.
text: And he likes what he's looking at. And maybe HELENA senses it.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Are you married?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Was. But I don't like to talk about it.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You just asked me to ask you questions.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I know, but you pick on the one time
dialog: in my life I like not to remember. I
dialog: was in the bad lands. Really not well.
dialog: It's something that happens to a lota
dialog: cops. We don't wanna talk about that.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: "Thoughts that lie too deep for tears."
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Yeah, that'll do .. Is that "Hamlet?"
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: No, Wordsworth .. Do you like poetry?
text: His attention is temporarily elsewhere. A Lunch Party just arr-
text: ived. It's clear GOODRIDGE is profoundly unhappy to see BERLIN.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I don't know, I haven't read much. I
dialog: don't think poetry's my kinda thing?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Do you pray?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Pray?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You said, you were in the bad lands?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No, I don't pray .. Had a dream once,
dialog: about God, just around the time I was
dialog: getting well .. He was a nasty lookin
text: little guy, moved into the apartment
dialog: right on topa me .. I said, don't you
dialog: listen to people's prayers? He said,
dialog: prayers? Not often. They're Junk Mail.
scene_heading: 48: INT. MERCEDES SEDAN. SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: Big pines either side of the driveway. The Camera sits in the
text: back more interested in the approaching institute than BERLIN.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: .. I got really sick of the street ..
dialog: so I went to school and became a
dialog: Scientific Services Officer, which
dialog: is basically a Scene of Crime Off-
dialog: icer. Then this came up, and I got
dialog: what they call a Lateral Transfer ..
text: Pulls into a parking spot and the next sound is the hand brake.
dialog: I couldn't take another minute of
dialog: Los Angeles .. Felt like I'd said
dialog: sorry in every street in the city ..
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: .. sorry your father, mother sis-
dialog: ter, whatever .. I couldn't take
dialog: another day of it .. Come on, I'm
dialog: gonna rob you of a cup of coffee ..
scene_heading: 49: EXT/INT. FIRE ESCAPE/APARTMENT. INSTITUTE. DUSK.
text: BERLIN looks down from the fire escape. For the first time the
text: place sounds busy. Cars arriving and doors slamming. Voices of
dialog: Students coming back from the weekend. "Why were you out there?"
text: HELENA waits inside and didn't realize he was back in the room.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Coz I wanted to feel the snow
dialog: on my face .. I think that's
dialog: when I heard her call him John?
text: Time to go and both know it. Stale shadows and growing silence.
dialog: Is it snowing now?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No. Getting dark though.
text: And his eyes are searching her so hard she must be aware of it.
dialog: You think you'd know this man? If
dialog: he was in the room with you again?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You've already asked me that ..
text: The silence is almost uncomfortable. BERLIN continues to stare.
dialog: Amber's dead, isn't she?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Yes. I'm sorry.
scene_heading: 50: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET. CITY OF EUREKA. DAY.
text: Pretty houses in a pretty little street. Hills in the back and
text: sunshine out front. BERLIN pulls up in his Mercedes and does a
text: bit of tie adjusting as he walks up a path and hits the chimes.
text: This could only be MRS CITRINE. A budget smile and he's inside.
scene_heading: 51: INT. "STUDIO"/CONSERVATORY. HOUSE. DAY.
dialog: Dozens of repulsive paintings. A truly repulsive painting "By
dialog: Numbers" of the Mona Lisa in progress. The color codes are com-
text: pletely fucked up. CITRINE wears a wooly hat and hates walking
text: on crutches. BERLIN picked a bad day to come in here with this.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: You're pushing this too hard. It's
dialog: like you want me to say stop? You
dialog: must know that's the way this is
dialog: going, John? There's other work to
dialog: do, why don't ya ease off a little?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Coz this is a major &amp; we're closer to
dialog: this bastard than anyone's ever been.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Then where's the body? .. Where's
dialog: the body, and why's he hidden it?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: He hasn't hidden it. He never made
dialog: a hit this far north before, and
dialog: he never read a weather forecast ..
text: She's probably fifteen feet from
text: the highway, three feet under snow.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Have you got a match on the bullet?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Have you got a print from the hand?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No, Sir.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: It could be anyone's hand. Illeg-
dialog: ally disposed of hospital debris ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
text: It's her hand. Her scars. Her dog.
text: Her dog's shot. And she's missing.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
text: She's not "missing." Did she shout?
dialog: Did she scream? Did he coerce her?
dialog: No. She left of her own free will ..
dialog: And if she gets on a plane and goes
dialog: to Peru with the prick, she's still
dialog: not missing. You got no case, John.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: If you're not gonna hear me, Chief ..
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: I have heard you. You just don't like
dialog: hearing me. You got this whole damned
dialog: thing outta proportion. I don't know
dialog: what you gotten used to in Los Angeles,
dialog: but I don't believe there's a Police
dialog: Chief, in this country, would put a
dialog: task force together for a body part ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: We have a multiple homicide, Sir ..
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: We have a body part in suspicious
dialog: circumstances - a tailor's dummy
text: wearing a brassiere - and a bill
dialog: for seventeen dollars for its wig!
scene_heading: 52: INT. CORRIDOR/ADMINISTRATION. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: BERLIN arrives at the station in the same mood he left Citrine.
text: Heads for his room and runs into ROSS's stare. Problems on his
text: plate too. He sits at his desk looking uncharacteristically an-
text: xious. What ever he's drinking isn't tea. He finds a bottle of
text: J&amp;B in a drawer and walks toward Berlin's freshly slammed door.
scene_heading: 52: INT. CRIME LAB. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: The lab is stuffed with junk waiting his attention. (Dozens of
text: common things made sinister by their labels and plastic sacks).
text: ROSS delivers a dose of Scotch in a plastic cup. Pours himself
text: another. Leans on a bench and gets into the pissed-off silence.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Did he shut you down?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: All but .. How you doing?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I dunno, I daren't go in there -
dialog: just about get her wired up, and
dialog: the fucking mayor walks in - mad
dialog: as hell - what are we doing fuck-
dialog: ing with his staff? We should be
text: out chasing major violators ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I wish he'd tell that to Citrine.
text: He almost does the whiskey but reaches for chewing gum instead.
dialog: He thinks the kid shot the dog ..
text: He looks at ROSS like what-are-you-looking-at-me-like-that-for?
dialog: He didn't.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Did I say he did?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You looked like you did?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: No, I think you'll find I looked like
dialog: he could have? By accident even? He's
text: up here spraying the scenery all day.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: He didn't shoot it, Ross. And
dialog: no way by accident. There's a
text: flash-burn. It was point-blank.
text: SERATO walks in with a cigarette plugged into his ashen kisser.
speaker_heading: SERATO
dialog: Flying colors ...
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Say you didn't say that, Angelo?
speaker_heading: SERATO
dialog: I said it.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Oh my God Mother's shit. Are we in it?
scene_heading: 54: INT. ANTI ROOM/INTERROGATION. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: This room and the interrogation room are linked with a one-way
text: mirror. BERLIN looks through munching gum. EMERSON is 25 years
text: old and many pounds of vexed flesh. But something about her ex-
text: pression expects apology. SERATO paces the place chain-smoking.
text: ROSS listens devastated as the EXPERT explains his lousy chart.
speaker_heading: EXPERT
dialog: This is the important one. She
text: gets a dead straight line, and
dialog: that's an exceptional reading ..
speaker_heading: SERATO
dialog: .. this is the stupidest thing
dialog: we ever done. Fucking Citrine's
dialog: gonna fire one of us for this ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I can't believe it. I just
dialog: know she someway busted it.
speaker_heading: EXPERT
dialog: This is an honest girl. She
dialog: couldn't lie if she tried ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Is she lying, Ross?
text: For a moment there is an intense trust between ROSS and BERLIN.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Yes.
text: Alright fuck it. Let's go for broke. BERLIN grabs the read out.
text: Fueled on residual anger he vanishes out the door. ROSS is fir-
text: st at the mirror to see him reappear in the interrogation room.
scene_heading: 55: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: The polygraph machine looks like state of the art. A table and
text: two chairs. BERLIN takes one and sits opposite EMERSON. She at-
text: tempts a smile but he kills it with the intensity of his stare.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: My name's Sergeant John Berlin.
text: And the time is his. He knows what he's doing. And she doesn't.
dialog: I been a policeman 17 years: 16
dialog: years 9 months of which with the
dialog: L.A.P.D. I witnessed literally
dialog: hundreds of lie-detector tests,
dialog: and I never seen one like this?
speaker_heading: EMERSON
dialog: What d'ya mean, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Well, look at it. Look at this
dialog: line? That's the important one.
dialog: Dead straight down the page. No-
text: body gets a dead straight down
dialog: the page. Even our expert says
dialog: a dead straight's "exceptional."
text: All he's doing is telling her truth. Up to her to interpret it.
dialog: Thought you might wanna comment?
text: A tongue slides through the lipstick like something being born.
speaker_heading: EMERSON
dialog: I wasn't actually lying, Officer.
text: And suddenly the only thing holding her chops up is Max Factor.
text: He's got her on the roll now and all it needs is one more push.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You busted the box, lady! You flunk-
dialog: ed it .. You lied about things you
dialog: didn't need to lie about .. The only
dialog: truthful statement you made's your
dialog: name .. Your name is Carol Emerson?
text: The quivering lip and flooding eyes amalgamate into a horrible
text: sort of groan. She's bellied up and anxious to spill her beans.
text: BERLIN better get through the door fast because he might laugh.
dialog: You tell one more lie, you're go-
text: ing in a cell. Sergeant Ross is
dialog: coming in to take your statement.
scene_heading: 56: EXT. ROSS'S BOAT. HUMBOLDT BAY. EUREKA. DAY.
text: A wave atomizes and comes down like silver champagne. HELENA &amp;
text: BERLIN hang on the prow of the boat with the ocean rushing bel-
text: ow. Another wave and more spray for HELENA. She turns like get-
dialog: ting sea in your face is the best invention ever. Oilskins sat-
text: urated and her hair streaming and she knows he's loving it too.
scene_heading: 57: INT. WHEELHOUSE. BOAT. DAY.
text: Sunshine &amp; spray on the windshield. ROSS at the wheel with MAR-
text: GIE next to him. Eyes on BERLIN &amp; HELENA playing like children.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Such a shame .. She's
dialog: a really sweet kid ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: She's a doll. But I wish he
dialog: hadn't brought her out here.
text: Stairs descend to a cabin and ROSS interrupts himself to shout.
dialog: Bobby, what happened to that
dialog: beer? Rule one, is you don't
text: diddle around with a witness.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: He's happy, darlin ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I'm sure he is. But gettin in-
dialog: to the "element" is a bad idea.
text: BOBBY clatters up the stairs clutching a six pack of Budweiser.
dialog: Tell em I'm going up the coast
dialog: a way, get out of this weather.
text: BOBBY exits the wheelhouse and walks their eyes back to HELENA.
speaker_heading: MARGIE (O.S.)
dialog: Except for the hair color,
dialog: she looks just like Suzanne?
speaker_heading: ROSS (O.S.)
dialog: Well, that's who she is.
dialog: Cept she can't run away.
scene_heading: 58: EXT. FISHING DECK ABOVE WHEELHOUSE. BOAT. DAY.
text: Wind over and sea content and anchored about a mile from shore.
text: Smoke from a dying barbecue and Nat King Cole croons "Unforget-
text: able." ROSS sports shades and sits staring down the line. Some-
text: one plays lousy guitar and he shifts eyes into the well of the
text: boat. HELENA teaches BOBBY to play chords. Hardly worth the ef-
text: fort but they're enjoying it. BERLIN looks down from the oppos-
text: ite side of the deck. His gaze interrupted by MARGIE "You want
text: another Coke, honey?" Sure he does and her eyes travel to ROSS.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: You want something, darling?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I wouldn't mind another B.E.E.R.
text: In code so BERLIN won't understand. But he and ROSS swap grins.
dialog: How much longer you on that diet?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm doing it by the day ...
text: MARGIE climbs the stairs with drinks and drinks a beer herself.
text: Popped cans change the subject. This seems like a question BER-
text: LIN doesn't really want to ask &amp; MARGIE doesn't want to answer.
dialog: How's your little sister?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: She's in Europe ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Working?
text: Clearly a sensitive subject and ROSS decides the truth is best.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: She married some English prick.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: He's not that bad of a guy ..?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Got a handshake like a
text: partially excited penis.
text: The joke doesn't reach BERLIN. MARGIE's hand is on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Her loss, darlin ..
text: And she heads for the lower deck. A sweet smile as she descends.
dialog: Anyway, you're doing O.
dialog: K. She's a sweet heart.
text: And also playing the guitar "In My Life." And she does it well.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Why's she blind, Bro?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Car accident.
text: Slow banging of something swaying. And this exchange goes slow.
dialog: Whole family wiped out.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: No shit.
text: A bleeper goes on one of the lines and ROSS twists in his seat.
dialog: Strap me in. Here comes another.
text: And he winds in yet another three quarters of a pound Mackerel.
dialog: Worst day's fishing I ever had ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: It's been a great day.
text: ROSS dexterously extracts the hook with serious eyes on BERLIN.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You just go easy, Brother ...
dialog: (Looks at fish)
dialog: Alright, we're all goin home.
scene_heading: 59: EXT. CAR PARK AT BEACH. DUSK.
text: Darkness in about an hour. Wide over the car park. Sand dunes
text: surround it. Practically deserted of cars. Headlights snap on
text: focusing attention on a station wagon exchange of good-byes.
speaker_heading: HELENA (V.O.)
dialog: I really liked Margie ..
text: Silhouettes with exaggerated shadows walk across the car park.
dialog: What does she do?
speaker_heading: BERLIN (V.O.)
text: She runs a kind of hair dress-
dialog: ing and you know, beauty salon ..
speaker_heading: HELENA (V.O.)
dialog: Have you known her long?
speaker_heading: BERLIN (V.O.)
dialog: I was married to her sister ..
text: The angle changes and is closer now. HELENA has taken his arm.
dialog: You don't ask what I'm like?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I know what you're like ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: How d'you know what I'm like?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Ross told me.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Really? What did he say?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: He said you're quite chubby.
dialog: And you have a nervous tick.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: He said that? What else did
dialog: he say?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Just your age.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Which is what?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Fifty-seven .. I don't mind ..
text: BERLIN is more amused than annoyed. They arrive at the car and
text: his suggestion is met with an appropriate response from HELENA.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You wanna drive? C'mon we're
dialog: in a car park, miles from any-
dialog: where .. There's nothing arou-
text: nd but nothing and sand dunes ..
text: "I can't drive a car." Doesn't like cars. But he's not hearing.
dialog: C'mon it'll be fun. You can
dialog: drive me around in circles ..
dialog: No lady ever had a driving lesson like this before. BERLIN all
text: but sits in her seat. Arm on the back of it. Hand on the wheel.
text: For a split second they're doing 60. Now they're doing about 4.
text: The Mercedes spirals in widening circles. Instructions and enc-
text: ouragement from BERLIN .. O.K. .. Straight now .. The Mercedes
text: straightens and heads through the dunes. "It's a big car park?"
dialog: We're going along a little track.
text: HELENA may like driving but she doesn't like the sound of that.
dialog: It's O.K. It's not a public road.
text: Headlights behind them approach quickly. Disappear and reappear
text: as they follow the geography of the dunes. BERLIN only now bec-
text: omes aware of them. one more dip and they slam in. Her anxiety
text: is misinterpreted. He takes the wheel. No problem. Let him pass.
text: The vehicle is right up behind them. As it overtakes HELENA is
text: scared. And still scared even though BERLIN has stopped the car.
dialog: It's alright, I'm sorry. It was
dialog: my fault, it wasn't a good idea.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: That was the "Hollow Car," John.
text: Just time to see tail lights of a van disappearing in the gloom.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: A Volkswagen van? Are you sure?
scene_heading: 60: INT. LIVING ROOM. BERLIN'S HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: Rain lashes the windows. But a lot of improvements inside. New
text: paint and now carpet. Not a lot of furniture but it looks nice
text: enough. There's even a fire in the grate. BERLIN sits at a tab-
dialog: le on the phone. The Voice he's hearing will [talk in brackets]
speaker_heading: BERLIN [Phone]
dialog: .. [is it a two door, slide door, a
dialog: what?] I don't know [Well, you gotta
dialog: get closer than just a V.W. van. You-
dialog: 're talking maybe 10/15 thousand veh-
dialog: icles?] What happens if you just run
dialog: the name "John" against all of them?
text: Heads for a sofa. Paperback of "Hamlet." TV on without sound.
dialog: [Frankly, that isn't gonna do you any
dialog: good. You'll be knocking on doors all
dialog: over the state. You gotta request tho-
dialog: se "Jennifer" files - maybe something
dialog: in them, give us some kinda reference?]
text: Christmas ads interrupt the movie. BERLIN sighs in frustration.
text: Starts doodling on the paperback. Shakespeare acquires glasses.
dialog: I can't request anything right now ..
dialog: push one more inch, I lose the lot ..
dialog: [Well, listen, I'll run the Bay Area
dialog: for you. But if you want a print-out
dialog: of every John in California with a V.
dialog: W. van, that's gotta be official. I'm
dialog: sorry] .. That's O.K. Thank you, Dan ..
scene_heading: 61: INT. CHIEF'S OFFICE. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: A painting of Ronald Reagan fills the screen. So awful it's al-
text: most impressive. Next to it is a formal photograph of the City
text: Mayor (Mr Heineman) . BERLIN continues to wait with eyes switch-
text: ing to a picture of the Taj Mahal. "I love to paint." He turns
text: as CITRINE walks in. "It's not great art, but I change the col-
text: ors." Heads for his desk and sits dispensing with the crutches.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: I'm shutting you down on
dialog: this "blind thing," John.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Is that my punishment for
dialog: embarrassing Mr Heineman?
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Don't underestimate me .. the
dialog: Mayor's pissed - but that's
dialog: nothing to do with this - sit
dialog: down - How many times have you
dialog: been up at that institute?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Three or four.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: I'm talking, outside the girl?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Once.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Got a letter from this Goodridge guy?
dialog: Says, you're upsetting his students?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: That's bullshit,
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: He says, you freaked one of em out?
dialog: (Reading the letter)
dialog: "Asking a newly blind kid if he can
dialog: 'see,' is both cruel, and dangerous" ..
text: He floats the letter across the desk and hears the explanation.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I never asked if he could "see." I
dialog: just asked one or two of the stud-
dialog: ents if they remembered anything?
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: And did they?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
text: CITRINE rubs his forehead in preparation to change the subject,
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: I'm not a nasty man, John, I'm a nice
dialog: man .. I get a lot of Christmas cards
dialog: (a lot of cards on the wall)
dialog: .. and I'm getting a lot of complaints.
dialog: The guy you replaced was something you-
dialog: 're not - a lazy sonovabitch - but the
dialog: reality is, I was getting a faster ser-
dialog: vice outta Popeye than I am outta you ..
dialog: I can't allow this to continue, John ..
dialog: If there was any argument to be had BERLIN would be arguing it.
dialog: I don't want you up at that institute
dialog: again .. and I'm flat-out about that ..
dialog: I'm sorry, I know it means something
dialog: to you - you can go tell your witness
dialog: if you feel you must - but as far as
dialog: you're concerned, the case is closed ..
scene_heading: 62: EXT. CITY STREET. CITY OF EUREKA. NIGHT.
text: Colored lights strung across the street. Symptoms of Christmas
text: everywhere. Store windows full of trashy decorations and every-
text: thing soluable in mist. ROSS and BERLIN develop out of it like
text: Polaroids. Their destination is a dingy looking downstairs bar.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: God, it pisses me off, Ross.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: No God, Brother. If there was
dialog: a God, asses wouldn't be at
dialog: the perfect height for kicking.
scene_heading: 63: INT. "ANGELA'S BAR." CITY OF EUREKA. NIGHT.
text: This is the local Copper's bar. It's full of cigarette smoke &amp;
text: Coppers. Laughter &amp; sugar music. "I'll Be Seeing You." "Sentim-
text: ental Journey." Either one of these is playing. Familiar Faces
text: among those drinking at the bar. The forty-two-year-old BLONDE
text: serving them is busy. She is in possession of very big breasts.
speaker_heading: VENABLES
dialog: Can I buy you a beer, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Don't try and ingratiate your-
dialog: self with me, Venables. But just
dialog: this once I'll have a Heineken ..
dialog: and John here will have one, too.
text: ROSS pokes VENABLES a surreptitious 20 with eyes on the BLONDE.
text: Right now she's far end of the bar delivering a beer to BISLEY.
dialog: (Look at those Amazingly Bos-
dialog: oms) You wanna beer, King Jay?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No, I gotta go .. I'm nights ..
text: TAYLOR gets a last cough out of a cigarette before stubbing it.
speaker_heading: BLATTIS
dialog: Gimme a ride?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sure ..
text: And he's already gathered his shit and halfway into his jacket.
dialog: How's that hand-job comin along, John?
text: BERLIN makes a gesture he'd have trouble understanding himself.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Hey, we're not talking "talk" tonight.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No one's gonna make that Gent. Six
dialog: months investigation, &amp; the nearest
dialog: we got, we thought he was a sailor.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: A sailor?
text: By now TAYLOR is moving through the crush of faces behind them.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeah, in and outta Frisco on
dialog: the big boats .. Every lead
dialog: we had went right out to sea ..
dialog: Night, night, Freddy T .. John ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: How come he's suddenly so forth-
dialog: coming? I'd like to kick him right
dialog: in the ass. If he'd discussed it
dialog: with me, I mighta gotten somewhere ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Stop it.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I never knew about the sailor the-
dialog: ory, Ross. He might have that one
dialog: little thing I need in his files?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: John, stop it. The case is on its ass,
dialog: you're closed. (Reaches for a menu.)
dialog: C'mon, let it go for once .. Have a
dialog: drink. C'mon, relax, drink your beer ..
text: And just that one moment of insanity as BERLIN downs it in one.
dialog: Alright .. Let's have some wine ..
scene_heading: 64: INT. BOOTH. "ANGELA'S BAR." NIGHT.
text: A shabby booth with black and whites of the two unrecognizable
text: Celebrities who ate here. Hamburgers are almost over and a bot-
text: tle of wine almost drunk. Both look tanked and especially ROSS.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You gotta stop calling Los Angeles ..
dialog: You're dragging L.A. around with you
dialog: like an addiction. Look at the shit
dialog: you're putting yourself through? For
dialog: what? For nothing, I know it, I been
dialog: there. Remember me? Up to my asshole
dialog: in anger, living off the vitamins in
dialog: cigarettes? If there's a body under
dialog: the snow, fuck it. Let somebody else
dialog: worry about it. You gotta accept you
dialog: stopped living in that world, &amp; try
dialog: and give yourself a break in this ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Just makes to so God damned mad ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You're a fucking great policeman, but
dialog: give yourself a break. You're here 5
dialog: minutes, you find yourself a fucking
dialog: homicide? .. Not many people could do
dialog: that in a place like this .. And you
dialog: gotta admit, there's a lot of shaky
dialog: areas in this case? .. I mean, stop
dialog: me if I'm going up the wrong nostril ..
text: Waving his empty at the bar ROSS communicates need for another.
dialog: How d'you know this girl isn't lying
dialog: to you .. Not lying as such, but mak-
dialog: ing up stuff to keep you coming back?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: She wasn't lying about the van.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Alright, she wasn't lying about the
dialog: van. But it could have been any van?
dialog: Any little foreign diesel? .. She's
dialog: blind, Bro .. It's sad .. She's pro-
dialog: bably lonely, and you're a nice guy
dialog: to have around .. But you're getting
dialog: far too far into the element, Brother ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You don't need me to tell you what hap-
dialog: pens when you get emotionally involved?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Alright, enough, Ross. You'll
dialog: bring on my "Nervous Tick" ...
scene_heading: 65: INT. ADMINISTRATION. POLICE STATION. NIGHT.
text: Very late and the only light comes from coloured bulbs pulsing
text: on a Christmas tree. Apparent BERLIN has had too much to drink.
text: Makes it to his desk and shuffles at the messages. One is just
text: about important enough to get a close-up. "TIME 18:52: SUBJECT:
scene_heading: A MAN CALLED DAN STANLEY TELEPHONED: SAYS THERE ARE 109 JOHNS
scene_heading: WITH VOLKSWAGEN VANS IN BAY AREA: WILL TELETYPE INFO THIS P.M."
scene_heading: 66: INT. CRIME LAB. POLICE STATION. NIGHT.
text: BERLIN finishes typing something. Tears it out and seals it in
text: an envelope. Shirt sleeves and yawns. He slumps in the chair &amp;
text: stares at "Jennifer 8." Fuck this for a Friday night. He's had
text: enough of it. Grabs several envelopes and turns out the lights.
scene_heading: 67: INT. ADMIN/OFFICE. POLICE STATION. NIGHT.
text: BERLIN emerges from one office and heads for another. J.K. Tay-
text: lor on the door. Delivers the envelope and an his way out when
text: something detains him. Lights on the tree strobe through venit-
text: ian blinds. Illuminate bits and pieces of rattan. Plus a board
text: covered in Christmas cards and a pair of steel filing cabinets.
text: Maybe motivated by the booze? But a desk drawer is open almost
text: before he realizes it and he searches for a key. Nothing but a
text: bunch of business cards and family snaps. Taylor with his Moth-
text: er Taylor with his Sister (red hair like him) and Taylor with
text: his Dog. The drawer slams and one underneath opens. Same flot-
text: sam of personal junk. Scotch Tape and paper clips and more bus-
text: iness cards. A bottle of tablets and salad of loose ammo. Fuck
text: all else and he closes the drawer. But what's this? A cane let-
text: ter rack at the rear of the desk where he finds a pair of keys.
dialog: Excitement lasts as long as it takes to try them. Don't fit ei-
text: ther lock. Now he's staring at the shadows with nothing moving
text: but thoughts. A few moments more and he's heading for the door.
scene_heading: 68: INT. OFFICE. POLICE STATION. NIGHT.
text: Massive close-up of the lock. A weird looking tool goes in and
dialog: another follows it. This bastard ain't easy even for an expert.
text: The frame widens to reveal BERLIN. He shuffles picks in a wall-
text: et on top of the cabinet. Was that a noise somewhere? He stops
text: to listen. wipes cold sweat away. Only thieves and foxes about.
text: A final twist and the lock delivers. Several dozen manilla col-
text: ored files from which to choose. A pair of folders titled Jenn-
text: ifer travel to the desk. The first is full of press-cuttings &amp;
text: some gruesome looking snaps. Next file and this one looks more
dialog: interesting? A notebook full of random questions/answers/comm-
text: ents. A list of ships and sailing times. "MUST FOLLOW THIS UP"
text: Underlined twice. "CAN'T OVER ESTIMATE IMPORTANCE." Also under-
dialog: lined. Lists of numbers. Street numbers? Vehicle numbers? What-
text: ever they might be is history because the neon just flashed on.
text: TAYLOR stands in the doorway. The surprise is mutual. The play
text: one-sided. This is already TAYLOR's game. Smokes his cigarette.
text: BERLIN is up to elbows in the jam jar and up to him to explain.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: .. feel like I'm getting close to
dialog: this guy .. and all the time, feel
text: like I'm sharpening a pencil with
dialog: a broken load .. I'm sorry, King J ..
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Vehicle references.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Wrong cabinet.
text: He gestures to the right one. BERLIN feels about 2 inches tall.
dialog: I'm gonna get some coffee. When you
dialog: finish in here, maybe you'll let me
dialog: know? .. I got a report to type up ..
text: As he exits he tosses a bunch of keys. They crash uselessly on-
text: to the desk. BERLIN looks like he couldn't get a fuck with mud.
scene_heading: 69: EXT. ROAD. TRINITY VALLEY. DAY.
dialog: The mood is low as it goes. And so is the angle. Ultra low beh-
text: ind the car. Just road and a blur of tires. The frame widens &amp;
text: the Mercedes fills it. Brake lights on as it descends the hill.
scene_heading: 70: INT. TRINITY VALLEY/ROAD. DAY.
text: BERLIN in big close-up. His face like the Music. Here come the
text: gates of the Institute. As he turns in he stamps the brakes. A
text: van veers past him. Nothing special about it except it's a V.W.
text: He watches it vanish up the hill with other things on his mind.
scene_heading: 71: INT. CORRIDOR. INSTITUTE. DAY.
text: Christmas vacations and the building sounds deserted. BERLIN's
text: foot steps might be the only sound in the place. They stop and
text: a bell rings. Ho tries to assemble sox* kind of appropriate ex-
text: pression. But as soon as she opens the door it's obsolete. HEL-
text: ENA looks pretty as flowers &amp; delighted he's here. She reaches
text: for his hands. And every new second makes it a tougher goodbye.
scene_heading: 72: INT. APARTMENT. INSTITUTE. DAY.
dialog: Oh Jesus look at this. She prepared him a surprise dinner. And
text: she looks so happy about it. A pathetic little table with cand-
text: les and Forget-Me-Nots and can of Diet Coke by his plate. He's
text: barely through the door and goodbye is already in deep trouble.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I wanted it to be a surprise.
text: BERLIN's face gets ready for something he doesn't say. Why did
dialog: she have to do this? And why didn't he tell her over the phone?
scene_heading: 73: INT. APARTMENT. INSTITUTE. DUSK.
text: A Schubert Sonata in the background. Candles low and the atmos-
text: phere junk. Evening already in the room and it feels like time
dialog: to go. But first he's gotta toll her something he doesn't want
dialog: to hear himself. "Would you like me to make some fresh coffee?"
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I have to talk to you, Helena.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You know? How do you know?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Coz you hardly said a word
dialog: since you got here. But you been
dialog: thinking pretty loud ..
text: She stands and collects the cups and gets halfway with a smile.
dialog: I'll make some more coffee.
scene_heading: 74: INT. KITCHEN. APARTMENT. DUSK.
text: A hiss of running water. Close on the kettle. Close on the tap.
text: She knows what he's going to say. And now she's alone her face
text: doesn't mask her feelings. She's missing him already. But does-
text: n't know why. Simply knows she doesn't want him to say goodbye.
text: She reaches high into a cupboard. Her shirt stretches over her
dialog: breasts. Christ this girl has a great figure. Carting hair out
text: of her eyes she returns to the sink. For an instant she's star-
text: ing out of the window and right into somebody's face. Tall and
text: weird looking. But just a glimpse before he moves rapidly away.
scene_heading: 75: INT. APARTMENT. DUSK.
text: BERLIN has moved to the sofa. A shaft of dead sunlight crosses
text: the apartment. HELENA comes in making a brave face of it. Does-
text: n't realize he's moved. "I'm here, Helena." And she smiles and
text: changes direction. Puts the coffee tray on a table in front of
text: him. No music now and all sounds in close-up. Close on the lip
text: of the coffee pot as she pours. Close on the cup she gives him.
dialog: Everything close in Helena's world or her world wouldn't exist.
scene_heading: 76: EXT. (P.O.V. FROM FIRE ESCAPE) INSTITUTE. DUSK.
text: Not a lot to look at but the man is looking in. From his P.O.V.
text: he's fortunate. HELENA sits facing him but BERLIN has his back
text: to the window. This sort of surveillance is always ominous and
text: here is no exception. BERLIN's explanation comes with occasion-
text: al use of hands. HELENA suddenly smiles so it can't be all bad.
text: They stand and BERLIN reaches for his coat. HELENA crosses the
text: room. Finds her Forget-Me-Nots and now they're his at the door.
text: As he takes them he takes her hand. Kisses her finger tips and
text: can't avoid embracing her. They kiss like awkward kids bumping
text: noses. Finally part and disappear into the dark of the hallway.
scene_heading: 77: INT. ELEVATOR/CORRIDOR. INSTITUTE. DUSK.
text: BERLIN is already in the elevator. Resists doors determined to
text: separate them. They shunt in and out perpetually informing him
text: he's on the 4th floor. "I'll call, O.K." She nods and releases
text: his hand. He watches her walk all the way back up the corridor.
scene_heading: 78: INT. MERCEDES SEDAN. TRINITY VALLEY. NIGHT.
text: Headlights follow the meandering road. Another bend and lights
text: in the distance. In seconds he's passing the Diner. Still open
text: with cars out front including the white Volkswagen that nearly
dialog: busted his fender. He's not gonna stop. Then decides to. Makes
text: a U and pulls in. Parks a couple of vehicles away from the van.
scene_heading: 79: INT. KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM/BEDROOM. APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: HELENA finishes the dishes. Stacks a last plate and closes the
text: cupboard. Heads back into the living room. Something about the
text: apartment doesn't sound right? She follows the noise through a
text: door into a bedroom. Curtains dance in the darkness and behind
text: them she finds a half open window. Curious because she doesn't
text: remember leaving it open? Secures it and silences the icy wind.
scene_heading: 80: EXT. VOLKSWAGEN VAN/CAR PARK. DINER. NIGHT.
text: BERLIN checks the driver's door. Locked and he explores with a
text: pencil-flashlight. Moves to a slide door at the side. Simultan-
text: eously the door to the Diner opens releasing a quartet of midd-
text: le-aged Drunks. He dissolves while they bullshit around. Laugh-
text: ter in chill air. The Comedian of the night keeps himself amus-
dialog: ed. Jokes about getting into the wrong car with the wrong wife.
text: BERLIN isn't laughing "C'mon, you drunken fuck. Get outta here."
scene_heading: 81: INT/EXT. VOLKSWAGEN VAN/CAR PARK. DINER. NIGHT.
text: A slide door rolls open and BERLIN peers in. Full of furniture
text: and cardboard crates stenciled "TRINITY INSTITUTE - CRAFT DEPT."
dialog: Worth the try but forget it. This bastard obviously has legit-
text: imate business at the institute. Takes a last poke around with
text: the light. Spots something red. A cigarette butt caked in lip-
dialog: stick. But what's this white stuff? Some kind of powder spills
text: from a capsule crushed in the door rails. He picks it up for a
text: look and gets a bad one from behind! "Whatta you doing, Mister?"
text: BERLIN finds himself facing an irate looking Woman in her 20's.
text: A lot of red hair and freckles. But definitely more frightened
text: than angry. His Police Department badge is an instant sedative.
dialog: Gives her some crap about thefts from vehicles round here. She
text: should keep her doors locked. She smiles and thought they were.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Got your driver's license?
text: She hands it across and he inspects it coz that's what cops do.
dialog: I noticed you coming outta the
dialog: institute. You up there a lot?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Oh, it was you that
dialog: nearly ran into me?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No, it was you that nearly ran
dialog: into me .. You up there a lot?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I guess, more than usual this
dialog: time of the year. My mother &amp; I
dialog: run an Arts &amp; Crafts center, we
dialog: buy a lot from the institutes ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Where's your store, Amanda?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Oakland.
text: Hands the license back and is already heading for his Mercedes.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Next pit-stop, you make sure your
text: doors are locked. Merry Christmas.
scene_heading: 82: INT. BATHROOM/LIVING ROOM. APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: If there's moonlight that's the only light. Nothing to see but
text: a pair of large taps. Nothing to hear but a bath filling. Then
text: something starts bleeping. It's a liquid-level-indicator activ-
text: ated by rising water. A hand searches for taps. Shuts them off
text: and silences the indicator. The frame expands to reveal HELENA.
text: She moves to a hand basin. Finds a brush and fixes hair. Finds
text: a clip and pins it up. Close as she kicks off shoes. Pantyhose
text: descend on top of them. Walks into the living room unbuttoning
text: her shirt. Vanishes into the bedroom and the Camera waits. Ret-
text: urns with towels and the Camera follows back into the bathroom.
text: A creaking hinge as she closes the door. A dressing gown hangs
text: on a hook. She reaches for it and turns and virtually bumps in-
text: to the Sonovabitch. Dressed in black and stealthy as a cat. He
text: retreats a pace deeper into the darkness. Just enough light to
text: see he wears glasses. And just enough light to see her undress.
text: HELENA unzips her skirt. Slides it down her lags. Drapes it on
text: a chair. Removes her shirt and hangs it on the back. She wears
text: a white brassiere and panties. And no apologies for repetition.
dialog: This is a fantastic body. She checks water temperature. Either
text: too hot or too cold. Either way a tap goes on. Now she reaches
text: behind her back. Unclips her bra. Gets hit with dazzling light.
text: The Intruder is taking photographs. And if this is his turn-on
text: he's in paradise. She stands in front of him in total oblivion.
text: Her panties join clothes on the chair. Nov she's naked and now
text: another picture. Again the bathroom detonates with white light.
text: His face is concealed by the camera. But this bastard is about
text: to run out of luck. Moves in as she silences the tap. Suddenly
text: a lot of silence about. HELENA twists in panic. She just heard
dialog: something? Didn't she just hear something? Is somebody in here?
text: Fear kills her scream. She hits at the darkness. But he's gone.
scene_heading: 83: INT. LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN. BERLIN'S HOUSE. DAY.
text: Big close on telephone ringing. No one home except the machine
dialog: and Camera. The former answers on behalf of Berlin [John, it's
dialog: me .. please call me .. I left two messages at the police stat-
dialog: ion .. they said you weren't there .. please, please, call me].
text: The camera moves on. Breakfast remains on the table. Newspaper
text: still in its wraps. Out the window a bonfire rages in the yard.
scene_heading: 84: EXT. YARD. HOUSE. DAY.
text: BERLIN clears rubbish from the garage. Grime and sweat and the
text: effort's got him breathless. Heaves another armful on the fire.
text: The phone starts ringing again. This time he decides to answer.
scene_heading: 85: INT. CORRIDOR/ADMIN. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: BERLIN in a hurry to get there. Footsteps tell the story. Fast
text: up a corridor and through a door. Faces look as he crosses the
text: department. SECRETARIES and BISLEY and ROSS. But only one face
text: of interest. TAYLOR turns halfway through lighting a cigarette.
text: "Are you outta your fucken mind?" TAYLOR says nothing. "If any-
dialog: thing happens to that girl, I'm gonna break your fucking back."
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Just easy on the words you're
dialog: putting in my face, Sergeant ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Whass going on here?
text: A question practically every expression in the place is asking.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: His blind friend got "attacked."
dialog: Angelo went up there, and some-
dialog: how, it got itself in the paper.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You put it in there.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I may have said some-
dialog: thing. I don't recall.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Don't lie, Taylor. I just had
dialog: this Blattis guy on the phone
dialog: asking me for a comment - you
dialog: gave him the whole damned case!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Alright, I gave him the case? ..
dialog: So the case is closed, so what?
text: His indifference inflames BERLIN. Smashes the newspaper at him.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: So read it! You just hung
text: a target around her neck!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Don't you know nothing about this
dialog: guy? He reads the newspapers. Col-
dialog: lects the cuttings. When are they
dialog: gonna find her? Now he's reading
dialog: Helena Robertson's name, phrased
dialog: like she's a fucking witness. You
dialog: couldn't have done anything more
dialog: stupid if you'd sat down &amp; tried ..
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Hey, c'mon, country boys, let's
text: all line up and hear the expert.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Just walk away from me, Taylor ..
text: Now the volume is going up. Now the whole department is silent.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You think you're the only guy
dialog: ever worked a homicide? I was
dialog: a big-city cop too. And I bust-
dialog: ed the clock on fucken Jennifer.
dialog: I know more about this man than
dialog: you'll over know - and that's
dialog: how I know it ain't him - you-
dialog: 're investigating a soap-opera ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Alright, guys. We stop this now.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: He tells her, "bye-bye," and she
dialog: gets "attacked." Well, give me a
dialog: fucking break! There is no "Ser-
dialog: ial Killer." Stick her name up in
dialog: neon, there's still no Serial kil-
dialog: ler! And I ain't the only one say-
dialog: ing it. Everyone in this building
dialog: is saying it. And I mean everyone.
text: "Everyone" means ROSS. BERLIN looks at him. And his gaze hurts.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Shut up, King Jay ..
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No, c'mon, Freddy, let's have this
dialog: out &amp; over. You know what everyone
dialog: thinks? They think you're making a
dialog: case coz you found yourself a nice
dialog: piece of ass. And no one's blaming
dialog: you for it, I hear she's worth the
dialog: flowers. But don't come in here get-
dialog: ting holy over us. Sure I put it in
dialog: the paper. Coz I wanted to stop this
dialog: bullshit. I don't want you drunk out-
dialog: ta your head searching my office ag-
dialog: ain. it's pissing me, &amp; everyone off.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You don't know what you done, Taylor.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: If, your friend from San Diego was
dialog: up here, and thought for one out of
dialog: two fucken seconds, she was a danger
dialog: to him, he'da taken her out weeks ago ..
text: His cigarette is already stubbed and he's already walking away.
dialog: Why don't you get yourself a dict-
dialog: ionary? Look up the word "witness?"
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I know what a "witness" is.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Well, her, it ain't. That bitch
text: is blind as a blonde fucken bat.
text: A big mistake Mister Taylor. Mister Berlin suddenly turns into
text: Harrison Ford. TAYLOR slams into filing cabinets right next to
text: the Christmas tree. Gets BERLIN's forearm under his throat and
dialog: fucking lucky not to get the knuckles in his gut. Both men are
text: heaving. No volume necessary in this room of paralyzed silence.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm gonna do something you never
dialog: did, Taylor. I'm gonna catch this
dialog: bastard. And when I do, he's gon-
dialog: na find out just how good a "wit-
dialog: ness" she is .. Meanwhile, you be
dialog: aware of me - coz I wish you ill ..
text: BERLIN moves away and the silence is brutal. Nothing happening
text: but bad vibes. ROSS and BERLIN exchange glances, And this shit
text: is really bad. BERLIN vanishes into his lab and the door slams.
scene_heading: 86: INT. CRIME LAB. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: BERLIN and his Dummy wearing a bra and his photographs and his
dialog: rage are all alone. And that's how they wanna be. But the door
dialog: opens and here is ROSS. Have to be a friend to survive in here.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Nothing you gotta say do I wanna hear
dialog: right now. So save yourself saying it.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I'm not in here to apologize, John.
dialog: I told you what was gonna happen &amp;
dialog: it's happened? "Good-bye, Princess,"
dialog: &amp; the same night she gets attacked?
dialog: That's a tough one to swallow, Bro?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm already familiar with Taylor's
dialog: opinion.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You don't really believe this?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: One hundred fucking per cent! ..
dialog: And you know why? Coz I never
dialog: told her good-bye. O.K.? Is that
dialog: good enough for the "committee?"
dialog: And as long as you like evaporates before ROSS can speak again.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Well .. I didn't know that ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No .. You didn't know that ..
text: BERLIN is drinking whisky. Sticks another slug in the cup. Now
text: realizes whose bottle this is. Slams it somewhere on the bench.
dialog: Here. You left your booze in here.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Who d'you think it was?
text: Ross gets the kind of smile a smart guy wouldn't give an idiot.
dialog: You think it was him?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: That's a very stupid question, Ross.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I'm asking it.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: How the hell do I know who? Some
text: jerk-off. Some peeping-tom prick.
text: His hand has found the switch-blade. A nasty click as it opens.
dialog: .. but definitely not him. This
dialog: guy's in the trade. He's not gon-
dialog: na stand there looking at her ass,
text: if he's in the room, she's dead ..
text: BERLIN puts the knife in his Dummy. If she's alive. She's dead.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Ease off, John ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm sick of this toy town shit.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Everything you say sounds reason-
dialog: able. But there's also a reason-
dialog: able explanation for the opposite.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Don't give me that! Not another
dialog: word! When you had the Fat Lady
dialog: in there, and I asked you if she
dialog: was lying, you looked me right
dialog: in the eyes and said yes. So as
dialog: far as I was concerned, she's ly-
dialog: ing. And if the King of fucking
dialog: England had walked in &amp; told me
dialog: different, I wouldn't have bel-
dialog: ieved him - because you told me ..
dialog: This atmosphere would stretch any friendship to breaking point.
dialog: And now I'm telling you. I'm looking
dialog: you right in the eyes and telling ya,
dialog: there's a "bad man" out there, and I
text: don't know if he's in the next room,
dialog: or the next state: and I don't know
dialog: what his trigger is? But if he reads
dialog: her name in the newspaper, I believe
dialog: he'll be inclined to do something ab-
dialog: out it. I've got a bad feeling. And I
dialog: been doing this too long to be wrong.
text: There are tough eyes to look into. And ROSS finally looks away.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I dunno what I can do to help you?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I dunno what I'd do with your help.
dialog: I've gotta take her out of there ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What about Citrine?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Screw Citrine. He can fire me.
scene_heading: 87: EXT. LANDSCAPE. COUNTRY ROAD. DAY.
text: Wide over the countryside. The car is a long way off. A pretty
text: magic looking dawn. Cows on hills and mist in the hollows. The
text: Mercedes finally arrives. Up the track and into the (refurbish-
text: ed) garage. Engine off and little but a sound of singing birds.
scene_heading: 88: INT. LIVING ROOM. BERLIN'S HOUSE. DAY.
text: HELENA sits on the sofa. She's a lousy liar and having a tough
dialog: time with the phone " .. my aunt called twice .. well, soon, I
dialog: hope so .. right now, I'm scared to be there .. who? .. just a
dialog: second .. O.K. .. just a second.. Goodridge wants the number?"
text: She seeks decision from BERLIN who doesn't want him to have it.
speaker_heading: HELENA (Phone)
dialog: Mr Goodridge? .. I can't find it ..
dialog: No .. there's no one here to read
dialog: it right now .. Well, yes, I know ..
dialog: of course I will .. yes, promise ..
dialog: I'll get it and call you tomorrow ..
text: And that's it except for "Goodbyes." He takes the phone and re-
text: places it. Her expression is a toss up between guilt &amp; anxiety.
dialog: I feel really bad about it, coz
dialog: they invited me for Christmas ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Has he got your aunt's address?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I don't think so .. He said the
dialog: police had been calling .. want-
dialog: ed to ask me some more questions ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Who?
dialog: (She doesn't know)
dialog: Probably Angelo .. I'll take
dialog: care of it .. Don't worry, we-
dialog: 're gonna find this guy, and
dialog: everything'll be O.K. .. O.K.?
text: Only thing he fails to mention is which guy he's talking about.
text: Anyway the subject is already changed. He notices tapes in her
dialog: bag. "Would you like me to put your music on?" No, she doesn't
dialog: want music. O.K. He's gonna light the fire and make them lunch.
scene_heading: 99: EXT. WOODSHED. BERLIN'S HOUSE. DAY.
text: BERLIN is splitting logs and HELENA is sitting an a step "watch-
text: ing" him. She's looking almost happy with only worry in the way.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You're looking worried again, Helena?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: No I'm not.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You're looking more worried now than
dialog: when you "decided to stop worrying"?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Alright, I'm worried about Christmas.
dialog: I wish I hadn't told him I'd be back ..
text: A log tangents off. BERLIN retrieves it. Tosses it in a barrow.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: He'll get over it. I'll roast
dialog: us a chicken, O.K. With cand-
dialog: les around it. How about that?
text: A distant owl hoots. She knows he's smiling. She's smiling too.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Wouldn't it be better if I cook
dialog: it? You said, you can only boil?
scene_heading: 90: INT. LIVING ROOM. HOUSE. NIGHT.
dialog: The Music is Puccini. Part one/Act two/The Humming Chorus from
text: Madam Butterfly. Giant close of the spinning cassette. The Cam-
text: era remains close as it explores the room. Candle light &amp; fire-
text: light. Along a mantlepiece. Eleven thirty-five on a clock. Two
dialog: Christmas cards. Several photographs from the happy years. One
text: a picture of Ross &amp; Berlin in uniform. Another features Berlin
text: with his arm around a beautiful young lady with long dark hair.
text: For a moment it could be Helena? But the Camera's already gone.
text: HELENA cuddles knees in the corner of a sofa. Looks considerab-
text: ly more relaxed. But there's a tension here and both are aware
text: of it. Stifled yawns. She stares at him and BERLIN stares back.
dialog: A billion people in love have been through this. It's bed-time.
text: [A suggestion of Berlin's bed to be is heaped in pillows/blank-
text: ets at the end of the couch.] "Come on, I'll take you up there."
text: She finds his hand and stands. The Music follows them upstairs.
scene_heading: 91: INT. BEDROOM. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: Moonlight through the windows. They are silhouettes. They want
dialog: to embrace but in a situation like this a bedroom is the worst
dialog: place to be. No sound except the Music. And what's anyone supp-
dialog: osed to say? This atmosphere is about kissing and nothing more.
dialog: Christ hear this Music. A sweet pulse of Puccini. Big close of
text: lips meeting in moonlight. Now in each other's arms. They kiss.
text: And then they're kissing. And nothing else is happening in the
text: whole fucking universe except a telephone just started to ring.
text: Still ringing. Still kissing. Somebody has got to give in. The
text: phone finally gets answered. The voice at the end isn't expect-
text: ed. But BERLIN sounds pleased to hear it. It seems one problem
dialog: got solved. "I gotta tell you, Margie. You are Mrs Santa Claus."
scene_heading: 92: INT/EXT. KITCHEN/REAR ENTRANCE. ROSS'S HOUSE. DAY.
text: Is Ross throwing a party or opening a bar? Crates of booze and
text: stack upon stack of beer. A bit of "where do you want it?" act-
text: ing from BERLIN as he staggers in with a delivery of Bud. ROSS
text: makes room on a table. Rips a beer out the plastic and pops it.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Can't thank you enough, Ross ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Don't thank me. Thank Margie.
text: Swallowing beer ROSS exits the back door with BERLIN following.
dialog: It's her invitation. And as
dialog: far as Citrine in concerned,
dialog: better we keep it like that.
text: The wagon waits outside with a few crates left to unload, BER-
text: LIN heads for his Mercedes with ROSS calling after him. "John.
text: Here." Pulls a six pack from his supplies and throws it across.
dialog: There's an old desperado in
dialog: one of the cells. Why don't
dialog: you give him this, and tell
dialog: him happy Christmas from me?
scene_heading: 93: INT. BEDROOM. THE ROSS RESIDENCE. DAY.
text: The Girls prepare for festivity. They got a full length mirror.
dialog: A wardrobe of dresses. A menu of shoes, What they do with them
text: in this scene is their affair. Right now MARGIE's holding some
text: blue number in front of HELENA."It's blue silk. You like blue?"
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Not "you" blue. This isn't you.
text: She slings the dress on the bed. It joins a pile of rehearsals.
text: Moves deeper into her dresses and HELENA appears in the mirror.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: When did John divorce?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Two or three years ago.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: What was she like?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Suzanne? Very pretty. She was a semi-
dialog: professional model. But a policeman's
dialog: wife she wasn't. So one day, she just
dialog: packed it and left. And his whole life
text: went straight down the nearest toilet.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: You know, he crashed. He just couldn't
dialog: come to terms with it .. John hates to
dialog: lose, and he hated losing her .. Every
text: spare minute, he's driving down to San
text: Diego, having a terrible time with her,
dialog: getting drunk, and driving back .. you
dialog: just don't believe the amount he drank ..
text: She pirouettes with black sequins. "What do you think of black?"
text: Evidently not much and MARGIE is getting short of alternatives.
dialog: Wait a minute, I just had
dialog: the most brilliant idea ..
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You think he still loves her?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Think he still thinks about her. But
dialog: not like then. Then was an obsession.
text: She emerges from the wardrobe with red satin high heeled shoes.
dialog: Here .. try these .. if these
dialog: fit, we got the perfect dress ..
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I haven't worn heels since I was 16.
dialog: I don't think I could walk in these?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Sure you can. Anyway, parties
dialog: are all about standing still ..
text: HELENA is excited to try them out. The experiment is a success.
dialog: I'll go get the dress .. It's kinda
dialog: sultry .. I only wore it once, coz
dialog: in reality, I can't get away with it ..
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You think John would like it?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: I think John, would love it ...
scene_heading: 94: EXT. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: The Ross residence looks like an ad for J&amp;B. Warm yellow light
text: from the windows. Holly wreath on the front door. The Mercedes
text: pulls up and BERLIN gets out with his bag and suit on a hanger.
text: A hard wind around the house. He walks inside without knocking.
scene_heading: 95: INT. DEN. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: The den looks like a little museum. Walls decorated with Civil
text: War memorabilia. One wall occupied by a cabinet of modern guns.
text: ROSS looks like Roy Rogers trying to look like Fred Astaire. A
text: powder blue evening suit. Ho dumps ice in a barrel full of Bud-
dialog: wieser and BERLIN produces a couple of presents. "This is from
dialog: Helena. And this is from me." The first obviously a music tape.
text: ROSS holds it to his ear. "Sounds like Frank Sinatra?" And the
text: second a bottle of (Ross tears the wrappings off) Chivas Regal!
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Let's do one of these right now,
dialog: then we'll hide the sonovabitch.
text: But he's already lost BERLIN's attention. MARGIE walks in with
dialog: HELENA. Jesus what have you done to her? Bright red lipstick &amp;
text: jet black mascara and dress made of blood red sequins. Sexy it
text: is but her it isn't. She looks like one of those big tit dopes
text: from Tennessee. She also looks like 37 million dollars. Christ
text: that smile works with paint. An appraisal comes from ROSS "Wow."
scene_heading: 96: INT. LIVING ROOM. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: The whole house is going around in a haze of booze and colored
text: lights and laughter. Buddy Holly supplies the music "True Love
text: Ways" and ROSS is a victim of the nostalgia. Dances close with
text: MARGIE. Among the kaleidoscope of passing couples are HELENA &amp;
text: BERLIN. Eyes closed and oblivious of everything but each other.
text: But someone is staring at them. About forty years old with big
text: hands. Too old for acne but the skin is bad. Got a scar on his
text: cheek like a ladder in a stocking. He continues to stare until
text: the dancers separate. Music ends and he's already in the crowd.
text: BERLIN arrives with a whisper for MARGIE and next thing HELENA
text: is on her arm heading for the stairs. Obviously a "ladies room"
text: run. Everly Brothers next record up and SERATO appears through
text: the crush. Spots ROSS who wants to know "What happened to you?"
speaker_heading: SERATO
dialog: Duty Sergeant fucked up .. can
dialog: you believe it, I'm on tonight ..
text: "How long have you got?" "One big drink." And they head for it.
dialog: Did you get my message?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SERATO
dialog: I left a message on your machine.
dialog: It wasn't me calling. Sam around?
text: This last question to ROSS who delivers a typically large shot.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Yeah .. I guess she's in the kit-
dialog: chen .. We got a so-called prof-
dialog: essional cook out there having a
text: nervous breakdown over a turkey ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Are you sure you didn't call?
speaker_heading: SERATO
dialog: I spoke to old whass-his-name
dialog: a couple of times. But not to
dialog: her, and I never asked for her ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Her who?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Someone's calling the institute
dialog: to talk to Helena. Says he wants
dialog: to ask her some more questions ..
speaker_heading: SERATO
dialog: Not guilty ..
text: And he pushes off to see his wife. BERLIN looks around worried.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You got a quiet phone somewhere?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Hey, John, don't start getting
dialog: antsy over this tonight. It may
dialog: well have been the local cops?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: That's just what I wanna find out.
scene_heading: 97: INT. BATHROOM. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: MARGIE fixes HELENA's lips. Big on the lipstick. Another layer
text: of magenta is going on "Are you sure I look O.K." Her question
dialog: interrupts the Revlon "You're the prettiest girl here by about
text: two hundred per cent." MARGIE moves in again for the lower lip.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: How you doing on those shoes?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Don't mix very well with beer.
text: Perhaps she is a tiny bit tipsy? MARGIE smiles and says "Press."
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Girl like you should be drinking
dialog: chill white wine. Press. All done.
text: A knock on the door. "Come in" and BOBBY sticks his head inside.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That woman in the kitchen says
dialog: if she doesn't get help within
dialog: 10 seconds, she's gonna resign.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: That woman is a disaster ...
text: She turns to the mirror in exasperation and mends her own face.
dialog: Alright, tell her I'm coming. No,
dialog: wait a minute, honey. Take Helena
dialog: for me, and find John? And don't
dialog: let go of her hand until you do ..
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM/DEN. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: A pause in the Music amplifies conversation. Bullshit and beer
text: and everyone talking about nothing. BOBBY leads HELENA through
text: the row. Can't find Berlin and now they're in the den. The ser-
text: ious Guzzlers have made it base. Everyone talking and everyone
text: lying but no Berlin and BOBBY is about to make a major mistake.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I'll just go see if he's in the
dialog: kitchen .. you stay right here ..
text: Her protest is absorbed in sound. And anyway he's already gone.
text: At once she is vulnerable. Doesn't know if she's staring at the
dialog: back of a head or straight into someone's face. "Didn't we meet
text: somewhere?" The question comes from the man with the scar. He's
text: drunk as a dog and already got a tattooed hand around her waist.
speaker_heading: VENABLES
dialog: Hey, Popeye!
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Hey, Fat Guy! Gimme 2 minutes. I'm
dialog: about to ask this lady for a dance?
text: Trash aftershave and lousy breath and clearly the answer is no.
dialog: If I told you I'd driven all the way
dialog: from Oakland would you dance with me?
text: Willy Nelson starts to sing. And HELENA attempts to break away.
dialog: What's so special about the other guy?
dialog: You like cops, don't you .. I'm a cop ..
text: HELENA finds the top of a couch. Holds it like a raft of secur-
dialog: ity. But where ever she goes this frightful mouth is following.
dialog: .. let me ask you a question? How do
dialog: you know the difference between one
dialog: guy and another? .. Maybe you don't ..
dialog: Maybe you only know the "difference"
dialog: when you're dancing? (he laughs) If
dialog: you knew what I looked like, you'd
dialog: dance with me. I look like John Wayne ..
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I know what you look like. Excuse me.
text: She navigates the back of the sofa. Collides with somebody and
dialog: apologizes. "I'm sorry. Is anyone sitting there?" Enough ambiv-
text: alence in the question for the guy not to know she's blind. No.
text: No one sitting there. Simultaneously a pair of middle-age crew
text: cuts occupy the sofa. A second later HELENA sits bang into one
text: of the laps. Spilt drinks and surprise all round. Pleasant sur-
text: prise for the victim. He's a lecherous looking old bastard and
text: Helena's dress rides up for a damned good view of the lingerie.
speaker_heading: FLESHY VOICE
dialog: Happy Christmas, Max ...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I normally get socks ...
dialog: Every humiliation there is. However HELENA gets out of this is
text: however she achieves it. But by the time she does she's crying.
scene_heading: 99: INT. HALLWAY/STAIRS. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: A calm spot between kitchen &amp; stairs. In the background Guests
text: raid the kitchen for food. BERLIN looks like he should be smok-
text: ing a cigarette. At last MARGIE comes downstairs with the news.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: She wants to go back
dialog: to the institute ..
text: ROSS already arrived. BERLIN looks desolate. She can't go back.
dialog: You better go talk to her ..
text: ROSS watches him walk upstairs. His eyes an assessment of this
dialog: absurd relationship. "All sorts of people fall in love, Darlin."
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I know .. ain't it a shame ..
scene_heading: 100: INT. BEDROOM. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: A wedge of light as BERLIN walks in. Then moonlight again. HEL-
text: ENA sits at the edge of a single bed. Hair a wreck and mascara
text: streaks down her face. He sits identifying himself with an emb-
text: race. Clears the hair from her eyes and kisses where the tears
dialog: were. "It was an accident .. everyone has accidents." Whatever
dialog: he said would be the wrong thing to say. Because he doesn't un-
dialog: derstand. And her only explanation of this misery is new tears.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I can't walk in these shoes ..
text: Gently he reaches down and takes off her shoos "You don't have
dialog: to dress like this for me." And suddenly the mood is different.
text: He is amongst her tears. Kissing her mouth. Already undressing
text: her. Her dress glides up. Silk stockings. He unclips them. She
text: feels his hands drift down her legs. Hears the zip opening her
text: dress. She returns his desire and helps him with her brassiere.
text: He kisses her breasts and by now the Camera's too close to see.
scene_heading: 101: INT. BEDROOM. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: HELENA asleep in BERLIN's arms. Just the worry of the wind. He
text: kisses her and slips out of bed and everything slams into MASS-
scene_heading: IVE CLOSE-UP. PLUS A MASSIVE AMPLIFICATION OF SOUND. THE SLIDE
text: SNAPS BACK ON A 9 MILL BERETTA. THE MAGAZINE SHUNTS OUT. SLUGS
text: LOADED AND MAG BACK IN. THE SLIDE TRAVELS FORWARD BIG AS A CAR.
text: BERLIN is fully dressed. Geared up for work. Black leather glo-
text: ves and black leather jacket. Shoves the Beretta into his belt.
text: From somewhere a very soft sound of Christmas carols drifts in.
scene_heading: 102: INT. STAIRS/LIVING ROOM/DEN. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: This is deep past midnight, The house is quiet and gone to bed.
text: Fallout from the party everywhere. Still that distant sound of
text: carols. BERLIN dumps his bag and walks into the den. Just dark-
text: ness and the forgotten tape machine. Flips on a lamp and tries
text: to open the gun cabinet. Still trying when startled by a voice.
speaker_heading: ROSS (O.S.)
dialog: You can't get in there ..
dialog: That's "Comanche Proof."
text: BERLIN swings round in surprise. ROSS is half asleep on a sofa.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Jesus. What are you doin?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: I spose I'm drinking myself to
dialog: sleep. It's Helena's Christmas
dialog: songs .. they're really pretty ..
text: "Silent Night. Holy Night" and about two inches of Chivas left.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Have you got any Glasers?
dialog: (Ross does)
dialog: Twenty fives?
text: BERLIN sticks a foot on a table. Pulls a .25 Walther automatic
text: from an ankle holster. Ejects the mag and clicks out the slugs.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What exactly you doing, John?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm going up to the institute.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: This "cop" that's calling, thinks
dialog: she gonna be there over Christmas.
text: ROSS unlocks a cabinet and BERLIN is about to load the Glasers.
dialog: I checked with the locals and our
dialog: station, no one's called. Whoever
dialog: it is, isn't the police. I think
dialog: this bastard's getting worried ab-
dialog: out something? .. and I think the-
dialog: re's just a chance he'll turn up.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Well, let's hope he does ..
text: ROSS selects a 12 gauge Winchester and rams the mechanism open.
dialog: And if he does, I'm gonna
text: drop a bomb on the fukker.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Listen, you don't havta come?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Hey ..
text: ROSS is stuffing solid lead "car killers" into the pump action.
dialog: Watch my lips. I'm your partner.
scene_heading: 103: EXT. SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: This is probably a crane shot. A gale works up the valley. The
text: institute is in total darkness. Not a vehicle out front. Not a
text: sound except the marauding wind. Ross's Chevrolet is concealed
text: amongst trees. Been here long enough to allow slow flurries to
text: accumulate. It stares towards the building maybe 75 yards away.
scene_heading: 104: INT. CHEVROLET SEDAN. NIGHT.
text: BERLIN wears a black wool hat. ROSS a big black overcoat. Both
dialog: got shit frozen out of them. A bottle available and anyone who
dialog: wants a slug better help himself. Plus sleet on the windshield
text: and a lot of stale time. BERLIN asks what time it is? And ROSS
text: takes a heave on the booze and waits for about a week to go by.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Where's your watch?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I guess by the bed.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: It's twenty of three.
text: Yawns do a circuit. ROSS flops in his seat and the angle chang-
text: es. The view from the rear covers windscreen and back of heads.
dialog: A little young for you, Bro?
dialog: (Gets his eyes)
dialog: You think if she could see,
dialog: she'd be hanging around with
dialog: an old dog like you? You got
text: a stomach growing around to
dialog: meet itself behind your back.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Bull shit .. I'm in my prime ..
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Bits.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What d'you mean, "bits."
text: A star-light on the windshield. Distant and nobody seen it yet.
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: Policemen's bodies age at diff-
dialog: erent rates. Look at me. Gut in
dialog: its fifties. Balls in their six-
text: ties. And feet in their eighties ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Hit those wipers, Ross.
text: Urgency snaps him into close-up. Big noise as wipers clear the
text: screen. "I thought I saw a light?" BERLIN stares at the instit-
text: ute through small binoculars. "There. Flashlight went right ac-
text: ross those windows!" Instant excitement as the adrenalin pumps
text: in. "Fourth floor. See it? He's fucken in there!" And suddenly
text: everything including super-sinister Music is happening at once.
scene_heading: 105: EXT. CHEVROLET. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: Pines singing as the gale tears into them. Clutching his Winch-
text: ester ROSS opens the trunk. A dim light and a fluster of equip-
text: ment. BERLIN sorts out a pair of radios. Selects a channel and
text: ROSS whispers "What are you on?" ("local Tac.") Here come huge
text: 12 cell flashlights and the intense whispers continue. "Local?"
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What if we need a back up?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: We're not here. I don't
dialog: want the desk to hear us ..
dialog: O.K. it's channel 4 and copy? And they're already on their way.
scene_heading: 106: EXT. BACK OF BUILDING. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: The storm bullies its way around the building. Lights approach
text: quickly. But one of them is already fading. It belongs to ROSS.
dialog: This fucker's got about 5 minutes in it. And whatever the plan
text: was it just got changed. BERLIN looks around in apprehension -
text: going in there alone ain't no joy - his flashlight ascends the
text: fire escape. And there it is 2 floors up. A half opened window.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Alright. I'll start at
text: the top, and work down.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You ain't going in alone?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: That's a liability, Ross. I
dialog: don't want you hanging on to
dialog: my shirt. Anyone but me comes
dialog: down these stairs, take em out
dialog: but try and keep him alive. I
dialog: want this bastard living ..
text: Takes off up the stairs. ROSS watches him vanish. (Waiting out
text: here ain't so tasty either.) The wind rages in nearby trees. A
text: door slams repeatedly somewhere a long way away. [Ross?] "10/2"
dialog: [I'm going in.] Big on ROSS and the radio. "You take care, Bro."
scene_heading: 107: INT. REAR STAIRWELL. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: BERLIN climbs through the window. Drops down and waits to orien-
text: tate himself. He's on a small landing midway between flights of
dialog: stairs. Different kinds of noises in here. One hundred per cent
text: more sinister. "Ross. Ross? You hearing me?" [10/2]. "I'm going
text: upstairs." Snaps the safety-catch on his Beretta. And it sounds
text: ominous. Every shadow in this place is animated with foreboding.
scene_heading: 108: INT. STAIRWELL/CORRIDOR. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: Looking down the stairwell. The light comes up. BERLIN arrives
text: on another floor. Hard to sweat in here but he's doing it. His
text: progress is distinctly cautious. A harsh wind rockets down the
text: stairs flapping a pair of owing doors. BERLIN eases through in-
text: to the corridor. At its far end is the elevator. He travels to-
text: wards it in an eerie piston of light. [John? What's happening?]
scene_heading: 109: EXT. REAR OF INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: ROSS has moved into the shelter of a wall. Sleet passes almost
text: horizontally. His flashlight is over. The color of a tangerine.
speaker_heading: ROSS [BERLIN]
dialog: [I'm on Helena's floor .. I'm
dialog: just gonna take a look at her
dialog: apartment .. You O.K.] Fucken
dialog: flashlight's kaput .. [Door's
dialog: locked .. shit] What's happen-
dialog: ing, Brother? [I can hear some-
dialog: thing? .. Something upstairs?]
scene_heading: 110: INT. CORRIDOR. INSTITUTE. NlGHT.
text: BERLIN stares up at the coiling "I can hear footsteps .. right
text: up above?" They disappear into the gale. Doors beat at the end
text: of the corridor. He moves towards them and pushes out onto the
text: stairway. Nothing but the wind. He's about to climb when an al-
text: arming voice shocks him rigid. "YOU ARE NOW ON THE THIRD FLOOR."
text: BERLIN is already running. Light swinging wildly as he sprints
text: back up the corridor. Fifteen yards to elevator/stairs. Breath-
text: less as hell he hits the radio. "Fucker's in the elevator." Al-
text: most jumps stairs in haste. Bursts out onto the 3rd floor. Ham-
text: mer back on the Beretta. Just in time to see the doors closing.
text: "Get ready, Ross. He maybe coming down." But he isn't. He's go-
text: ing up. By the time he's recovered breath the Voice is back in
text: business. Whoever rides the elevator is now on the fifth floor.
scene_heading: 111: INT. STAIRWELL. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: Totally breathless now. Eyes ascend faster than feet. Whine of
text: a swinging door. BERLIN rounds the stairwell. The door's still
text: busy. Top of the building here and the ceilings are closing in.
text: BERLIN'S P.O.V. as he heads for that door. Closer. Three steps
text: to go. Closer. Two steps more. One step. Reaches for it. Whamm!
text: The door smashes into him like it hates him. So fast it hardly
text: happened. He staggers back. His flashlight clatters downstairs.
text: Banisters capsize as the light passes. Every shadow goes crazy.
text: The flashlight arrives at a lower level. Rolls away and stops.
text: Wastes power into a corner. Can't see Berlin and can't see his
text: radio. But Ross cuts into the silence with increasing disquiet.
dialog: [John? John? Are you al-
dialog: right? .. Come in, John?]
scene_heading: 112: EXT. REAR OF INSTITUTE/FIRE ESCAPE. NIGHT.
text: ROSS savaged by the gale. In considerable anxiety. Less than a
text: volt in his batteries. His failure to contact Berlin accelerat-
text: es his concern by the moment. Calls repeatedly "You hearing me?"
text: Big close on the radio. Fingers switch channels. Tries calling
dialog: on five/six. Still nothing and goes to channel eight. "Come in,
dialog: John?" Alright fuck it. Light or no light. He's going up there.
text: Still calling he barges at the wind making for the fire escape.
dialog: [You hear me? Just be care-
dialog: ful now, coz I'm coming up]
text: Stares up into the gloom of the iron stairs. Hardly got a foot
text: on the first before a Figure rushes down. Dressed in black and
text: very breathless. A powerful flashlight floods on dazzling ROSS.
dialog: Is that you, John? .. Ans-
dialog: wer. NOW .. Or I blow this
dialog: fucken staircase to pieces.
speaker_heading: BERLIN [?]
dialog: Me, Freddy.
text: Thank Jesus the anxiety's over. The 12 gauge drops to his side.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What the hell's going on up there,
dialog: Brother? I been calling 10 minutes.
text: The light remains steady and blinding and straight in his face.
dialog: Hey, c'mon, John .. Talk to me ...
text: Just the sound of breathlessness. Plus a .25 Walther automatic.
dialog: Jesus Christ .. What are you doing?
text: It glints at the peripheries of his vision and ROSS is alarmed.
dialog: What the fuck are you doing? - It's
dialog: me - Holy shit! - John - John - Not
dialog: you - Don't shoot you crazy bastard!
text: Two deathly flashes in quick succession. The first practically
text: taken Ross's hand off. The second slams into his guts and he's
text: down. The Glaser is unequalled in ferocity by any other bullet.
scene_heading: 113: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE (ATTIC LEVEL). INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: The MYOPIC JANITOR looks down. Five floors below a man lays on
text: his back. His shotgun discharges uselessly into trees. Another
text: man leans over him. Illuminates his agonized face with a flash-
text: light. Shoots him again point-blank in the upper body. The MYO-
text: PIC isn't staying for more. Hurries back along the fire escape.
scene_heading: 114: INT. ATTIC APARTMENT. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: Wind breaks on the roof like waves. An utterly dismal room lit
text: by a starving light bulb. The MYOPIC arrives from the fire esc-
text: ape. Huge eyes behind those orb-like glasses. Picks up a phone
text: and dials. Piles and piles of old newspapers. Hundreds of fuck
text: magazines. In the kitchen section a mass of photographic equip-
text: ment includes an enlarger on the table a flash camera. On the
text: wall behind him a collage of snaps of half dressed girls. Plus
text: a special enlargement of Helena standing naked in her bathroom.
speaker_heading: MYOPIC
dialog: Gimme the police. Quickly.
scene_heading: 115: EXT. REAR OF INSTITUTE. FIRE ESCAPE. NIGHT.
text: Close on a bulb in a flashlight. The merest glimmer of energy.
text: Barely the light to see the blood. It seeps into a long-frozen
text: footprint in the ice. Fills it fast and expands over the sides.
text: Somebody say this can't be happening? BERLIN crumples to knees
text: in the snow. Dumps his light gasping for breath. Oblique light
text: creating desperate silhouettes. BERLIN howls like a dog. Howls
text: into his radio. "Nine - Nine - Nine." Blood all over his hands.
text: "This is a Nine - Nine - Nine - officer down." ROSS is heaving
text: like an old bull elephant. On the verge of unconsciousness. He
text: tries to speak. Got hit in the throat. BERLIN fights off tears.
text: "Don't talk old man." Repeats the emergency code but this time
text: he can't be heard. Almost imperceptibly a Carol filters in (In
text: The Bleak Mid Winter) and the Camera moves slowly away. BERLIN
text: cradles ROSS's tragic head and the song drowns the raging wind.
dialog: This beautiful Christmas carol will articulate rhythm of these
text: cuts. And there will be no other sound until the sequence ends.
scene_heading: 116: EXT. CITY STREET. CITY HOSPITAL. NIGHT.
text: A blue emergency light. Revolving in slow motion. Like a dream.
text: The city streets are a blur. The light accelerates into sudden
text: reality. Ambulance plus police convoy speed to a city hospital.
scene_heading: 117: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM. HOSPITAL. NIGHT.
text: Close-up of MARGIE kissing her husband's lips for the last time.
text: Tears spill down his cheeks from her eyes. FREDDY ROSS is dead.
scene_heading: 118: INT. WAITING AREA. HOSPITAL. NIGHT.
text: Outside in the corridor. Looking in at BERLIN. He sits head in
text: hands on a bench. This is somebody's point of view. The camera
text: travels up the windows. Waits at a distance as CITRINE arrives.
text: Pajamas under his clothes. He walks with assistance of a stick.
dialog: Neither say anything because both know what this is about. BER-
text: LIN stands and hands over his badge. Exits the mag and now his
text: Beretta. A brief word from CITRINE and he turns and walks away.
scene_heading: 119: EXT. LANDSCAPE. BERLIN'S HOUSE. DAWN.
dialog: A little house in winter meadows. Kind of pretty now it's pain-
text: ted. Just the first tint of pink on its roof. The Carol dissol-
text: ves into birdsong. Here comes the sun for a fine Christmas day.
scene_heading: 120: EXT. VERANDA. HOUSE. DAWN.
text: All new paint and all new things in expectation of happy times.
text: A barbecue still in polythene wraps. Price tag and unconnected
text: gas pipe shift gently in the breeze. A brand now swinging seat.
text: BERLIN sits in it with shock wearing on. Expressionless of sor-
text: row. Though he suffers every sorrow and guilt and regret there
text: is. Sunlight reaches the veranda and colors the end of it red.
text: silent and motionless he watches the lousiest dawn of his life.
scene_heading: 121: EXT/INT. THE ROSS RESIDENCE. LIVING ROOM. DAY.
text: Lights glow on the Christmas tree. Unopened presents still und-
text: erneath. SERATO sits smoking in silence. Listens to a sound of
text: plates getting stacked in another room. He looks up but not in
text: surprise. He just wasn't aware BERLIN had arrived in the house.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Where's Margie?
text: Stunned and stubbled and full of grief. And that's just SERATO.
speaker_heading: SERATO
text: Taken Bobby to her sister's ..
text: This atmosphere is unbearable and even these whispers seem laud.
dialog: They were going there anyway.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Does he know?
text: SERATO shakes his head. Loses his cigarette. And SAMMY appears.
speaker_heading: SERATO
text: Thinks his dad's in hospital.
text: SAMMY SERATO is 30 and pretty. She continues collecting plates.
dialog: Why'd you go up there, John?
text: Knows he's not going to get a reply and doesn't bother to wait
text: for it. HELENA materializes from the den like a shadow. Sallow
text: for want of sleep and glad to have BERLIN's hand to hang on to.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I want you to go to your Aunt's.
text: A suggestion that surprises HELENA. And clearly doesn't appeal.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Why can't I stay with you?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: It's not possible right now.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Please don't ask no quest-
dialog: ions now .. Not right now ..
text: If silence can intensify it's now. Sound of the front door and
text: then footsteps. BERLIN freezes as MARGIE appears. Wracked with
text: grief. Dead sickness of tears. Like she cried bones out of her
text: face. But no weeping now. Maybe shock. Maybe brave. Maybe both.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Is that Margie?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: I'm here, honey. I'm right here.
text: The strongest face in the house. And now HELENA is in her arms.
dialog: Don't cry darlin .. he was a big
dialog: old cop and he didn't like tears ..
text: Dead echos of plates in the kitchen. And song of birds outside.
dialog: Feels like every second in my life,
dialog: was just the moment leading to this.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Margie ..
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Don't.
text: Raises her hand to silence him and this is silence Margie owns.
dialog: Don't.
text: Christ this is just awful. HELENA crying and BERLIN on the way.
dialog: What's gonna happen now, John?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
text: She has an aunt, in Vermont.
dialog: I'll take her there tonight.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm going back to the institute.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No .. not now ..
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Helena can stay here if she'd like
dialog: to .. I'd like her to .. I'll look
dialog: after her .. and she can look after
dialog: me .. I'm tired now .. I must sleep ..
text: Footsteps again as she walks out and silence again like before.
scene_heading: 122: INT. BEDROOM. BERLIN'S HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: The Camera will slowly crane down on BERLIN. Fully dressed but
dialog: wiped out he lays an the bad. Last thing he needs is booze. He
text: is clearly full of it. Drifting in and out of consciousness. A
text: nightmare either side of the line. He relives that night again.
text: And Ross is alive again as guilt and regret demand to be heard.
speaker_heading: (ROSS)
dialog: You want me to make a predict-
dialog: ion? This guy ain't turning up.
speaker_heading: (BERLIN)
dialog: Maybe not .. What time is it?
speaker_heading: (ROSS)
text: Twenty-six minutes past two ..
speaker_heading: (BERLIN)
dialog: You shouldn't have come, Ross.
speaker_heading: (ROSS)
dialog: Don't worry .. You take your
dialog: time .. I just wanna be back
dialog: in time for Bobby's presents ..
text: A memory that is too terrible to bear. BERLIN gets up and sits
text: at the edge of the bad. Head in hands. Wants the pain to go aw-
text: ay. But anguish is stronger than alcohol. Hears noises outside
text: and makes it to a window. Tears curtains back revealing lights.
text: His Mercedes hangs in space as though staring into the bedroom.
scene_heading: 123: EXT. FRONT YARD. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: The Mercedes descends onto a low-loader courtesy of a car lift-
text: ing truck. BERLIN out of his door. Almost too ruined to apprec-
text: iate what's happening. Crane lights and flashlights and chains
text: getting tightened. Couple of Strangers and a Kid he recognizes.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What are you doing, Travis?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: I been told to take your car in, Sir.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: I dunno, Sir. Brought you up a Chevy.
text: Flashes his light at a standard issue (brown) police Chevrolet.
dialog: I'm sorry, Sergeant. I did knock a
dialog: couple times. Didn't get any reply.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You got a warrant for this?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Yes, Sir.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Who sought the warrant?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: The man from the F.B.I.
scene_heading: 124: INT. CHIEF'S OFFICE. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: The man from the F.B.I. is 50. Black suit and wing tips. All F.
dialog: B.I. Investigators are either lawyers or accountants. And this
text: fellow looks like both. When he smiles it's a decaffeinated ex-
text: ercise. Bothers nothing but lips. This smile's always the same.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I want a 24 hour protection
dialog: of Margie's house. Otherwise
dialog: I'm not saying nothing. You
dialog: give me that, or read me my
dialog: rights, and talk to a lawyer.
text: BERLIN looks awful. Showered and shaved but just fucking awful.
text: CITRINE slips focus to the man. And St ANNE imperceptibly nods.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Alright, you got it. And I'll be
dialog: putting an Observer in with you.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I want Serato ..
dialog: (Negative)
dialog: Why can't I have Serato?
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Coz I'm short of men &amp; Ang-
dialog: elo won't do it .. Who ever
dialog: I got free first - you get ..
scene_heading: 125: INT. ANTI ROOM/INTERROGATION. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: Close on a pair of dancing needles. They react to voice-levels
text: on a twin spool tape recorder. But no sound of yakking in here.
text: St Anne's ASSISTANT sucks a pencil. Busy with a cross-word puz-
text: zle. Fills in a word but the Camera isn't interested. It moves
text: away to discover head phones. And moves closer to hear St ANNE.
dialog: [Always figured I'd like to retire
dialog: to a little town like this - maybe
dialog: buy a boat even, do some fishing?]
scene_heading: 126: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: A change of chairs. A wood chair for the subject. Mobile chair
dialog: for the man. Castors give him considerable freedom. Enable him
text: to back off or move in with the intimacy of an ophthalmologist.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You fish, John?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I have done ..
text: A side table features several pin sharp pencils. A Sony pocket
text: recorder. Two packets of Pall Mall reds. Two yellow legal pads.
text: The chair moves into reverse and he breaks a puke colored file.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Alright, let's not beat about the
dialog: bush, what ever that may mean, and
dialog: get down on it. You were specific-
dialog: ally instructed by your chief, not
dialog: to go anywhere near the blind inst-
dialog: itute? So why did you go up there?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Because of a feeling. I had a bad
dialog: feeling this man was gonna turn up.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Which man is that?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: The man I detail in my report, Sir.
dialog: The report that's in his hands. (St Anne knows well which man.)
dialog: Is this an interview, or an
dialog: interrogation?
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: It's an enquiry ...
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm not prepared to be interrog-
dialog: ated. I'll be interviewed as an
dialog: officer, who may be expected to
dialog: cooperate with the investigator.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Well, that's fine by me, John. And
dialog: I'm sure that's fine by your Chief.
text: He smiles the non-smile. Tosses his pencil down. And sits back.
dialog: So you thought your man might show?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Bit of a long-shot, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: It was the only shot I had ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: So the one night you decide to
dialog: go up there, he goes up there?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: That's right. Except I'd decid-
dialog: ed to go up there every night ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Despite the wishes of your Chief?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You were prepared to fal-
dialog: sify your reports to him?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I had very good reasons for do....
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Just a second, John. I knew
dialog: there was something missing.
text: St ANNE cuts him off to pick up the phone. Obviously something
dialog: vital is needed. "Could you bring an an ashtray in here? Got a
text: coupla guys who smoke in here." And attention back to the file.
dialog: You don't mind if I jump around a
dialog: little this morning, do you? Just
dialog: while I'm easing my way into this?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You're asking the questions, Sir ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You had an argument with Ross? Ass-
dialog: aulted one of the officers, right?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I wouldn't use the word "assault."
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You got a "racy temper," Sergeant?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Not especially.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Just something they did, on this
dialog: occasion, made you lose your rag?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Not they. He. Taylor put a piece
dialog: in the newspaper, which in my op-
dialog: inion put my witness in jeopardy.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: From whom?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: From the man I detail in my rep-
dialog: ort. A crazy man, who to my cert-
dialog: ain knowledge has killed at least
dialog: eight girls. Six in San Diego, one
dialog: someplace else, and one up here ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Not a lotta support for that
dialog: "scenario" though, is there?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Not a lot.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Not even from Ross?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Is that why you lost your temper with
dialog: him? Frustration? No one believing you?
text: His ASSISTANT brings the ashtray. And St ANNE smiles gratitude.
dialog: So what can you tell me about you man?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What do you mean, Sir?
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: I mean, who is he?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I don't know who he is. Who's
dialog: "Jack The Ripper?" He's Jack
text: The Ripper with an automobile.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You didn't run a profile?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No, Sir .. I didn't have the res-
dialog: ources, and it isn't my expertise.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: This crazy man? What makes you think
dialog: he wants to eliminate Miss Robertson?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You read my report, Sir.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: I'm asking a question ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Because he reads I'm investigating
dialog: the disappearance of her friend, &amp;
text: Miss Robertson becomes the focus of
dialog: his anxiety. How good of a "witness"
dialog: is she? He's crazy, but not stupid,
dialog: he's intelligent. Got a flexible M.
dialog: O., and he doesn't wanna get caught.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Just like "Jack The Ripper?"
text: This is meant to humiliate and meant to annoy and it does both.
dialog: Alright, we'll have plenty of time
dialog: to discuss your "Mystery Man," and
dialog: his "flexibility" later, Right now,
dialog: I'd like to talk about the "event."
scene_heading: 127: INT. ANTI ROOM/INTERROGATION. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: CITRINE rests on his cane staring through the one-way glass. A
text: menu of anxieties. But perhaps sadness is his principal expres-
text: sion. His eyes slide to the ASSISTANT "Can you turn that thing
text: on?" Glad to oblige and Voices cut in. This is CITRINE'S P.O.V.
speaker_heading: St ANNE [BERLIN]
text: Alright, the door comes back and
dialog: hits you? Knocks you down? Knocks
dialog: you out? For how long? [I don't
dialog: know] Approximately, you figure?
dialog: A minute? [O.K.] O.K. then what
dialog: happened? Immediately you get up?
scene_heading: 128: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM. POLICE STATION. DAY.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I realized the flashlight was
text: at the bottom of the stairs
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Did you check your weapon?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Maybe. It would have been
dialog: instinctive. All I know was
dialog: I was in possession of it ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You didn't check it?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Not that I specifically remember.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I don't know. I wasn't think-
dialog: ing about it .. I was dazed ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You were woozy? Confused?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I was unconscious 10 seconds ago.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: I understand. Then?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Then I picked up the flashlight,
text: tried to get Ross on the radio ..
dialog: Nothing. Static. I got blood on
text: my hand, realized my eye was cut.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Could you see out of it?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Yeah, I could see. Then I ran.
text: Climbed out of the window, ran
dialog: down the fire escape, and right
dialog: at the bottom, I found Ross ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Were you breathless?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Sure I was breathless ...
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: When did you realize you were no
dialog: longer in possession of the .25?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Not until I was in the hospital.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You figure you lost it in the
dialog: hospital? Or on the way there?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No, I thought it must have
text: fallen down the stairwell.
speaker_heading: St ANNE [BERLIN]
dialog: Like the flashlight? [Yeah] Had
dialog: you been drinking that night?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: It was Christmas Eve.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: That wasn't my question?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: St ANNE [BERLIN]
dialog: How about Ross? [Sure] Were
dialog: you drinking in the car? [?]
dialog: There was a bottle in the car?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I think Ross had a mouthful?
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: But not you?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I may have had a nip?
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: To keep out the cold? .. Very cold
dialog: that night, very windy, wasn't it?
text: St ANNE motors off &amp; refers to notes without looking at BERLIN.
dialog: Which hand was the flashlight in?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: My left hand.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: And the Walther was in your right?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: The Beretta was in my right hand ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You said you didn't check it? So how
dialog: d'you know which gun you're holding?
text: The chair moves back in and its pilot has an icicle up his ass.
dialog: You said you figured it had fallen
dialog: down the stairs with the flashlight?
dialog: You said you were confused? You pick
text: up the flashlight in confusion, how
dialog: d'you know you didn't pick up the 25?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Let's not start playing games, Mr St Anne.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Games?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I told you, I'd lost the Walther ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You told me you didn't know you'd
dialog: lost it until you were in the hos-
dialog: pital? So, if you didn't know till
dialog: then, it coulda been either weapon?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
text: The gun in my hand was a Beretta.
dialog: And for the record, I want that
dialog: note corrected. Now, please, Sir.
text: The dead smile and rubber in action. St ANNE changes his notes.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: O.K. I'm corrected. I'm
dialog: sorry, I made a mistake.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: With respect, Sir, you didn't make
dialog: a mistake. I know who you are, and
dialog: you're far too experienced for mis-
dialog: takes. Now if you have doubts over
dialog: the content, or veracity of my rep-
dialog: ort, I wanna be made aware of them?
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I wanna be made aware of them now.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Do you want a lawyer, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: There you go again? "Do I want
dialog: a lawyer, Sergeant?" It's a game
dialog: question. What do I want a law-
dialog: yer for? I got nothing to hide ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You don't?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You know I don't. So let's quit
dialog: the bullshit and get down to it.
dialog: What's your "angle," Mr St Anne?
text: For the first time St ANNE moves his chair into BERLIN's space.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Where's the little gun, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I've no idea.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You don't?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: If it isn't in the institute,
text: the man who shot Ross took it.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: The man who shot Ross, used it ..
text: Implications are ganging up quicker than BERLIN can focus them.
dialog: And you don't know where that little
dialog: twenty-five calibre Walther's gone?
text: BERLIN confirms it. Looking very concerned. The wheels retreat.
text: St ANNE shakes out a cigarette and takes his time with matches.
dialog: O.K. Sergeant, here it is. I intend to
dialog: produce evidence, that will prove you
dialog: shot Frederick Ross with malice afore-
dialog: thought. My angle therefore, is to pre-
dialog: pare a case on behalf of your Chief, to
dialog: prosecute you for first degree murder.
scene_heading: 129: INT. ADMINISTRATION. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: The lights on the Christmas tree are off. That just about sums
text: it up. The word's out and it talks in barren silence as BERLIN
text: appears. TAYLOR and SERATO in conference at a desk. The former
text: looks. The latter turns away. BERLIN walks the room into close-
dialog: up. "Like some coffee, John?" Seems like ANN is the only benev-
text: olent face around. She gets a lost smile &amp; bewildered shake of
text: his head. Disappears into his room And quietly closes the door.
scene_heading: 130: INT. CRIME LAB. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: A picture of Ross fills the frame. Snapped the day they search-
text: ed the dump. Blasted with rain. A waterproof cape and a finger
text: raised in defiance. BERLIN shifts eyes from the bulletin board.
text: Pours a last inch of whisky and drinks. Eyes back to the board
text: for a last photographic/panoramic record of his time in Eureka.
text: The photo of Ross again before his eyes sweep quickly on. Pict-
text: ure of Amber Stone. Thumb tacks and maps and tape. Information
dialog: relating to specific areas in San Diego. Carlsbad/Ocean Beach/
text: Point Loma. "Jennifer Seven" "Jennifer Eight." But who gives a
text: fuck anymore? Two dead dogs on a refuse dump. And now the dead
text: face of a Dummy. BERLIN stares till someone knocks on the door.
text: St ANNE comes in smoking a cigarette and eating a ham sandwich.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You go home, John, get some sleep.
dialog: I don't wanna talk any more today.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Aren't you gonna arrest me?
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You know better than that ...
text: He will exit when he stops speaking. Before he does he wanders
text: the lab showing particular interest in the Dummy of Jennifer 8.
dialog: I arrest you, you'll get bail, and
dialog: be walking outta here anyway - and
dialog: I'll have no one to talk to - Your
dialog: Chief said he'd make you available
dialog: to me. If you go to the store, call
dialog: in, and let your duty officer know.
scene_heading: 131: INT. BOBBY'S BEDROOM. THE ROSS RESIDENCE. NIGHT.
text: BOBBY is in hysterics. A gale of tears. Fits his words between
text: them. His Mom does her best to cope with his grief and her own.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Your Daddy would have wanted
dialog: you to be strong .. We gotta
dialog: be strong for Daddy, darling ..
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I don't want her in this house ..
dialog: I want my Dad. Why did she have
dialog: to come here .. I want my Daddy ..
scene_heading: 132: INT. KITCHEN. THE ROSS RESIDENCE. DAY.
dialog: Fingers search out and identify phone numbers. Dial for inform-
text: ation and HELENA whispers "I need the number for a cab, please."
scene_heading: 133: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: The Camera's getting closer and so is St ANNE. And today there
text: is a definite change of mood. Still very measured. Still a pro-
text: fessional demeanor. But a bad sense of shit about to come down.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: .. there was a gale that night .. all
dialog: the doors are swinging .. so this door
dialog: swings back and clips you .. and down
dialog: you go .. within 35 seconds of uncon-
dialog: sciousness, you're back on the fire es-
dialog: cape, and you're confused, really con-
dialog: fused .. you don't know if Tuesdays
dialog: come in two's or happen once a week ..
text: Bit of a cold coming on and near enough for BERLIN to catch it.
text: You see a figure coming up the stairs.
dialog: Ross ain't meant to be on the stairs?
dialog: He challenges you .. and this ain't a
text: piece of wood with a nail through it ..
dialog: this guy's got a 12 gauge Winchester
dialog: up your nose .. and he's drunk .. and
dialog: you're dizzy .. and your eye's fulla
dialog: blood .. you ain't thinking good, and
dialog: you're seeing worse .. Wow! .. it just
dialog: went off! .. You just put him down? ..
dialog: and you get hit by a Glaser, you stay
dialog: down .. But he ain't dead .. Now, you
dialog: realize you shot your partner .. "Oh,
dialog: Suzanna, how do I get outta this?" I
dialog: know .. The "Serial Killer" shot him ..
dialog: And here comes the malice, John .. 17
dialog: seconds later, you put another one in
dialog: his throat .. Isn't that what happened?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Tell us what happened, then?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I already told you what happened ..
dialog: You're looking for an inconsisten-
dialog: cy, and you're not gonna find one,
dialog: because I'm telling you the truth.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Tell me the truth again.
scene_heading: 134: EXT. TRACK/FRONT YARD. BERLIN'S HOUSE. DAY.
text: A yellow cab splashes through puddles and pulls up in front of
text: the house. HELENA gets out and pays. No she doesn't need assis-
text: tance. Picks up her suitcase and the cab vanishes into drizzle.
scene_heading: 135: INT. KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM. BERLIN'S HOUSE. DAY.
text: Back door opens and HELENA walks in. First thing she senses is
dialog: cold. This place smells like it hasn't been lived in since she
dialog: was last here. And last time she was here she was happy. Dumps
text: her case and heads for the living room. Can't see it but feels
text: the overwhelming gloom. Finds a couch and now she sits to wait.
text: The silence is almost total. But something disturbs it. HELENA
text: looks around. Back on her feet she tries to discover source of
text: the sound. Finally arrives at a table lamp. She feels the bulb
text: and it's hot. A large moth beats itself crazy inside the shade.
text: Reaches in and turns it off &amp; the house is in virtual darkness.
scene_heading: 136: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: St ANNE lights a cigarette. Attention with his notes. Sniffing
dialog: a fair bit. He's acquired a toilet roll to deal with it. Occas-
text: ionally will tear a sheet or two off to blow his nose. Glances
text: at BERLIN "You want a cigarette?" No he doesn't "I've given up."
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You have? .. How about the booze? ..
dialog: How does St ANNE know? Perhaps he doesn't? Sounds like he does.
dialog: Too much booze can be very dangerous ..
dialog: memory black outs .. stuff like that ..
text: His attention still with notes like a quack about to prescribe.
dialog: "The Man Takes a Drink, Then the Drink
dialog: Takes a Drink, Then the Drink Takes
dialog: the Man?" .. Something like that, isn't
dialog: it? .. Anyway .. why did you give up?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I guess I was drinking too much.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: I was talking about "cigarettes?"
dialog: (Score: 10 outta 10)
dialog: Find yourself getting breathless?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Specially if you're running? Which
dialog: floor did the elevator run up to?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Five.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You ran up to the fifth? You must
dialog: have been real breathless by then?
text: BERLIN doesn't know where this is going but he doesn't like it.
text: Eyes to BERLIN now and his smile looks real for the first time.
dialog: We're gonna get our "observer" in
dialog: here this afternoon. Keep an eye
dialog: on us? (He smiles) Notorious for
dialog: withholding information, the F.B.I.
text: St ANNE makes a note. Junks the pencil. Sits back in his chair.
dialog: Were you aware there was a janit-
dialog: or in the institute that night?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You didn't check?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: There wasn't time ...
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: That wasn't my question?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No, Sir, I didn't check.
text: St ANNE breaks off to blow his nose. BERLIN looks very worried.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: I'm really catching cold up
dialog: here? Must be all this fog?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: What's the relevance of the janitor?
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: The janitor? Let me just ask you
dialog: a question - before I forget - do
dialog: you take any medication for that?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Breathlessness?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Alright, let me answer your question?
dialog: "What's the relevance of the janitor?"
dialog: Hits the cigarette like this is the one that caused the cancer.
dialog: Why don't I take you through it, from
dialog: where I'm sitting .. At some time bet-
dialog: ween 2 &amp; 2:30 a.m. the janitor thought
text: he heard a vehicle approaching through
text: the woods. He looks out, and sees noth-
dialog: ing, no lights, nothing. Figures it must
dialog: be hunters. Some time later, he thought
text: he heard something else, like a door, or
text: a window slam? He gets up, and between
dialog: half past two and a quarter of three, he
text: makes a search - with a flashlight - of
text: the top 3 floors. Finds nothing untoward,
text: &amp; goes back to his apartment in the roof.
text: BERLIN looks grey as sick. Knows what's coming. And here it is.
dialog: The flashlight you saw, was his. The
dialog: "footsteps" you heard, were his. The
dialog: elevator you were chasing up and down
dialog: after was empty, and is prone to such
dialog: activity, due to an electrical fault ..
dialog: Apparently it happens frequently dur-
text: ing gales. The gale that was swinging
dialog: the door. That knocked you down. That
dialog: confused you so much? And here we are,
dialog: back to where I'm sitting. You wanna
dialog: tell me what really went on that night?
text: It seems St ANNE has effectively destroyed the "Serial Killer"
text: scenario. Stubs his cigarette and waits for BERLIN's response.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Two people know I didn't kill
dialog: him, Mr St Anne. One's me, and
dialog: the other's the man that did.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: What man?
text: St ANNE is winning. And they both know it. And he almost grins.
dialog: We just dealt with "the man?"
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: How d'you know the Jan-
dialog: itor didn't shoot him?
text: If St ANNE can raise an eyebrow he does. By implication BERLIN is
text: ditching his "Killer." During this St ANNE rewinds his Sony.
dialog: You're telling me it's his
dialog: flashlight I saw, O.K., he
dialog: sees my flashlight? And I'm
text: coming up the stairs with a
text: Beretta in my hand. And he's
text: frightened. He hits the door
text: on me. Picks up my gun. He's
text: running. He runs into Ross,
text: and in panic, he shoots him.
text: The little Sony snaps to a stop and St ANNE looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Not unless he had a gun in one
text: hand, and a phone in the other,
dialog: he didn't. Ross was shot at ex-
dialog: actly two fifty-seven a.m. The
text: janitor put a call through to
text: the local police, at 2:57 a.m.
dialog: You obviously realize how I can
dialog: get so accurate with my timing?
text: St ANNE backs off and carefully replaces the Sony on the table.
dialog: Ross switched into channel 8, &amp;
dialog: we got a recording of the whole
dialog: incident. I was gonna play it to
dialog: you, but I got a meeting, we'll
dialog: have to do it after lunch. It's
dialog: one, let's make it back by three?
scene_heading: 137: INT. BEDROOM. BERLIN'S HOUSE. DAY.
text: HELENA is curled up under blankets. Maybe day-dreaming but not
text: asleep. She's maybe here to keep warm as much as anything else.
text: Sound of a vehicle approaching and she sits to listen. The car
text: pulls up and its engine silences. HELENA is already out of bed.
scene_heading: 138: INT. LIVING ROOM/PORCH/FRONT YARD. HOUSE. DAY.
text: Silhouette of a figure outside the front door. Someone rattles
text: the handle but it's locked. And by the time HELENA reaches the
text: door the visitor has gone. Thinking it's Berlin she twists the
text: key and steps onto the porch. A stale winter fog settling down.
text: Hardly a sound except her own voice. "John? Is that you?" Just
text: the rattle of local Crows and a Bull heaving somewhere in some
text: distant field. "John?" She cautiously descends wood stairs and
text: walks two or three paces before bumping into a brown Chevrolet.
text: Exploration of the car establishes nil. More confused than con-
text: cerned she listens. Country sound and not a sound out of place
text: Then suddenly she is alert. Something clatters somewhere. Like
text: cans kicked in the garage? Was it the garage? "John, is it you?"
scene_heading: 139: INT. KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM/BEDROOM. HOUSE. DAY.
text: HELENA locks the front door. Moves into the kitchen. Locks the
text: back door. Glum silence in the house. Nothing but an old alarm
text: clock ticking. Then a sound like something moving. Like a door
text: creaking open? Was it in the garage? The living room? Upstairs?
text: She returns to the living room. Curtains drawn and almost dark.
text: The endless silence is interrupted by a rush of water in pipes.
text: If anybody's here they're upstairs? HELENA moves to the bottom
dialog: of them "John, are you up there? It's me, darling. I got a cab."
text: The only reply is more silence. She begins to climb the stairs.
text: One hand on the wall. She ascends slowly. Her helplessness giv-
text: ing way to suspicion with each new step. At the top she pushes
dialog: into the bedroom "John, are you here? Darling? Are you alright?"
text: Apparently no one is here. Certainly no one in the bed. And no
text: one in the bathroom. She reappears with an expression suppress-
text: ing anxiety. Feels her way past an antique wardrobe. Curiously
text: its door is open. A full length mirror inside. Shuts it as she
text: passes and for a split-instant the Man in the room is revealed.
text: Almost simultaneously fingers in black leather clasp her wrist.
text: HELENA in speechless with shock. Both she and the INTRUDER are
text: breathing hard. The only other sound is the wardrobe door whin-
text: ing open again under its weight. Manifests a reflection of his
text: back. Totally in black. Black wool hat. Leather jacket. Gloves.
speaker_heading: INTRUDER
dialog: Got really fucken lucky, didn't ya?
text: He backs her to the bed and sits her before releasing his grip.
text: The frame remains static and staring into the mirror and still
text: on the INTRUDER's back. HELENA stares unseeing at her own face.
dialog: I was getting kinda concerned about
dialog: you Jenny. Like, how blind are you?
dialog: Blind as your friend? Or less blind?
dialog: Coz she could see, you know. Had a
dialog: view outta one of em. But you don't
dialog: see nothing do you? Nothing at all?
text: He reaches into his jeans and produces a stainless steel knife.
dialog: Even closed this thing is 10 inches long. A leather loop attat-
text: ched at one and. He teases the metal in front of HELENA's eyes.
dialog: Can you see this, blind girl?
text: Not a switch-blade but by snapping it like a whip it locks out.
dialog: Gimme your hand.
text: Too terrified to obey and her inability momentarily angers him.
dialog: Gimme your fucken hand.
text: HELENA lifts her hand and he takes it. He runs the edge of the
text: blade over her palm. Then closes her fingers around the handle.
dialog: You like it?
text: She is paralyzed except for the tears spilling down her cheeks.
dialog: I cut your friend's
dialog: head off with that ..
text: Words come out she can barely hear herself. "You are a coward."
dialog: You say something, Jenny?
dialog: 
text: In this terrible silence she hears a double hiss of an aerosol.
dialog: I'd like to cut you. I'd like to
dialog: cut you so bad .. But ain't life
dialog: strange? You're my little buddy
dialog: now .. I guess we all got lucky?
scene_heading: 140: EXT. CAR PARK. POLICE STATION. CITY OF EUREKA. DAY.
text: Fog and dusk in that order. Headlights descend the slope. Park
text: and CITRINE plus cane get out. As he crosses the lot a Uniform
text: fires up a Harley. Next face is SERATO heading for his car. He
text: accosts the Chief with a piece of paper. It is read with escal-
text: ating incredulity. This would be comic if it wasn't so serious.
speaker_heading: SERATO
dialog: She's in love with him,
dialog: Chief, and try anything?
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Are you going up there?
speaker_heading: SERATO
dialog: No, I just sent Travis.
dialog: I've got a call to make.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: What about the man? .. Has he
dialog: seen this? .. [No he hasn't] ..
dialog: Alright, make your call, and
dialog: get up there ... Bullshit or
dialog: not, I wanna proper statement ..
scene_heading: 141: INT. ANTI ROOM/INTERROGATION. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: CITRINE walks in in his overcoat. BISLEY looks across from the
text: window. And the ASSISTANT up from a crossword. "Are they busy?"
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: No, Sir, they just got back.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: Would you ask Mr St Anne
dialog: to come in here a moment?
text: The ASSISTANT does it via phone. And BISLEY looks over unhappy.
speaker_heading: BISLEY
dialog: I hear I've been nominated
dialog: as an official "observer?"
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: It's either you, or Taylor?
speaker_heading: BISLEY
dialog: He don't wanna do it either.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: I'll toss a coin for you. But
dialog: one of you is going in today ..
text: St ANNE comes in blowing his nose. CITRINE shoves him the mess~
text: age. He reads it with similar incredulity (but perhaps a touch
dialog: more amusement than Citrine) "What d'you wanna do with it, Sir?"
dialog: What do you wanna do with it?
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Let him have it .. I don't
dialog: mind putting a little salt
text: at the edge of his plate ..
scene_heading: 142: EXT. FRONT YARD. BERLIN'S HOUSE. DUSK.
text: A single light in a downstairs room. The house is stifled with
text: fog. A brown police Chevy parked out front. Here comes another
text: to join it. As BERLIN gets out SERATO appears on the porch. He
text: descends stairs with the impartial expression of a working cop.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I need a friend, Angelo.
text: SERATO keeps it dispassionate. Ignores BERLIN's desperate eyes.
speaker_heading: SERATO
dialog: You got one.
text: Puts a thumb towards the house and already heading for his oar.
dialog: She's a bad witness, John.
dialog: But a fucking lousy alibi.
scene_heading: 143: INT. LIVING ROOM. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: This isn't a good place to be. A dismal lamp supplies light. A
text: close-up Of HELENA on the sofa. Hears a sound of booze getting
text: poured. But nothing else in the house except for a harsh voice.
speaker_heading: BERLIN (O.S.)
dialog: .. I know why you did it darlin,
dialog: but you're not helping me. Every-
dialog: thing they're hearing they think
dialog: is a lie. Now here comes the man
dialog: I'm desperate to prove exists, &amp;
dialog: whadda-ya-know, he turns up at my
dialog: house, and has a "chat" with you?
text: By now BERLIN and his glass of anaesthetic are well into frame.
dialog: No one in the State of California
dialog: is gonna believe that. They got the
dialog: man in there - an A/1 F.B.I. inter-
dialog: rogator, and he's taking me to pie-
dialog: ces - doesn't believe a word comes
dialog: outta my head - not a word - no one
dialog: believes me - I don't believe me ..
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Don't say that. Don't you dare
dialog: say that .. I believe you ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I know you're trying to help
dialog: me, but you don't understand.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Then explain it to me. I got
dialog: enough darkness, don't I?
text: He doesn't want to. But now he's got to. And so here it comes.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: The man who killed Amber is a
text: psychopath. He was up at the in-
dialog: stitute to kill you - he don't
dialog: wanna kill Rose - he was there
dialog: to kill you - that's the truth -
dialog: and I didn't wanna tell it to
dialog: you - but that's the reason I
dialog: want you to stay at Margie's -
dialog: coz I can't protect you here ..
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Why does he want to kill me?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Coz he thinks you're a witness.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I can't identify him ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: He don't know that. I didn't.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Then why didn't he kill me?
text: Back at the booze and he's almost inaudible "Stop it, will you?"
dialog: Why didn't he kill me, John?
text: Something snaps in BERLIN and he throws his glass at the grate.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Will you fucken stop it. I'm not
dialog: Serato .. He didn't kill you coz
dialog: he wasn't here .. he isn't in the
dialog: room with you, and lets you live ..
text: And just as suddenly he's full of remorse. Takes HELENA in his
text: arms with a lot of sorrys. But she isn't interested in apology.
text: There's a passion in her face. And fire even in her blind eyes.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Kiss me, John .. Kiss me [he does]
dialog: I love you, kiss me again [he does]
dialog: I love you .. Are my lips lying to
dialog: you? Kiss my mouth [he does] Is my
dialog: mouth lying to you? He. Was. Here.
scene_heading: 144: INT. GARAGE. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: Music slams in on the cut. Berlin is about to take this garage
text: to pieces. He searches cans and boxes and stacked timber. What
text: ever it is his eyes are looking. The Camera looks down from ab-
text: ove. Bits &amp; pieces all over the floor but he discovers nothing.
scene_heading: 145: INT. BATHROOM/BEDROOM. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: Close on a hand searching underside of the bath. Pipes and cob-
text: webs. He reaches toward the taps. His hand is literally inches
text: from the Walther (taped to the end of the tub). Fingers almost
text: touch it. Just a fingernail away when HELENA interrupts "John?"
speaker_heading: HELENA (O.S.)
dialog: I just remembered something ..
text: And BERLIN rolls out and stares up like a mechanic under a car.
dialog: He used a breath freshener.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: A "breath freshener?"
text: HELENA stands in the doorway and BERLIN is already on his feet.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I heard it hiss, twice.
text: BERLIN wipes a thought through his hair with fingers. "I don't
text: know what that means." Walks past into the bedroom. Everything
text: taken apart. Every drawer open and the bed heaped with clothes.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: ... he's either here to take
dialog: something .. or leave some-
dialog: thing .. I don't find nothing ..
scene_heading: 146: INT. LIVING ROOM. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: BERLIN pours last of the whisky. Looks totally snuffed out. He
text: and HELENA sit on the same sofa but the atmosphere puts them a
text: mile apart. A yellow pad on the table covered in notes. BERLIN
text: swallows scotch and reads to himself "I guess we all got lucky?"
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You gotta stop drinking, darling.
text: Another mouthful of scotch &amp; she hears the glass hit the table.
dialog: He's glad you're drinking. Every
dialog: drink you take you're helping him.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: He doesn't need my help.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I know about alcohol, John.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I'm blind because my father drank.
dialog: That's what she knows about alcohol and he'd prefer to be dead.
dialog: I lost everyone I ever loved .. I
dialog: lost my hopes .. my future .. I'm
dialog: in love with you, John .. I don't
dialog: want them to take you away from me ..
scene_heading: 147: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: St ANNE is close enough to kiss BERLIN. Right into his space &amp;
text: talking right into his face. And today he's not in a good mood.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: He humiliated you. In front of every
text: one .. In front of a bunch of secret-
dialog: aries? .. Well, that would piss any-
dialog: one off? ... That would piss me off ..
dialog: I'd be real mad if a guy did that to
dialog: me, &amp; called himself a friend .. Coz
dialog: that ain't a friendly thing to do? ..
dialog: You side with "friends" .. You don't
dialog: go bitchin on them behind their back?
text: And he suddenly switches gear. And whispers like it's a secret.
dialog: He wasn't much of a "friend" at all?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Ross was my best friend.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Did you shoot your "best friend?"
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: The next time I ask you that quest-
dialog: ion, you're gonna tell me the truth.
text: St ANNE shunts back in his chair. Expands the frame as he goes.
text: Sergeant TAYLOR sits on a chair with his back to the wall. Cig-
text: arettes and ashtray on the table next to his. St ANNE lights a
text: Pall Mall and as if it's an after-thought he snaps the Sony on.
speaker_heading: [TAPE]
dialog: .. "Just be careful now, coz I'm coming
text: up." .. [Footsteps on cast iron stairs]
dialog: "Is that you, John? .. Answer .. Now ..
dialog: or I blow this fucken staircase to pie-
dialog: ces." [Sound of someone breathing hard]
text: BERLIN already looks devastated. He's about to got annihilated.
dialog: "Me, Freddy." .. [Just the gale] "What
dialog: the hell's going on up there, Brother?
dialog: I been calling ton minutes." .. [Lungs
dialog: heave for air) "Hey, c'mon, John, talk
dialog: to me?" [Just the sound of breathless-
dialog: ness] "Jesus Christ .. What are you do-
dialog: ing? What the fuck are you doing? It's
dialog: me - Holy shit - John - John - Not you -
dialog: Don't shoot you crazy bastard! [2 shots]
text: St ANNE clicks the Sony off &amp; BERLIN is too stunned to breathe.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: That's second degree - you wanna stop
dialog: at that? Will you give me that, John?
text: BERLIN gives him nothing but silence. A knock on the door "Come
text: in." And the ASSISTANT hands St ANNE a note. Reads it and excus-
text: es himself. Leaves the silence for BERLIN. But TAYLOR breaks it.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: He's offerin you a deal?
dialog: Why don't you take it ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: He ain't offerin me shit.
text: TAYLOR lights a cigarette and exhales. Something of a real red-
dialog: headed fuck about him. And BERLIN would like to break his neck.
dialog: You're letting it show, King Jay.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I don't like you. But don't kid
dialog: yourself .. I don't take no ple-
text: asure sitting in on another cop ..
text: He rolls ash off his cigarette and pushes it round the ashtray.
dialog: Your an alcoholic, aren't you?
speaker_heading: (BERLIN stares)
dialog: It's written in your file ..
text: The phone rings and TAYLOR answers. Puts his red eyes at BERLIN.
dialog: They want you to look in the mirror.
dialog: BERLIN has to find every strength for this one. Humiliation com-
text: pounds. Gets up and stares at his own haunted face in the glass.
scene_heading: 148: INT. ANTI ROOM/INTERROGATION. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: The MYOPIC peers into BERLIN's face. St ANNE stands close with
text: his toilet roll. Light refracts in the MYOPIC's lenses "I seen
text: him up there quite a lot." St ANNE blows his nose "Is that the
text: man you saw that night?" He stares again at the tormented face.
speaker_heading: MYOPIC
dialog: Well .. I dunno .. it could be?
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Alright, thank you, Mr Dawson ..
text: He's escorted to the door and his space is occupied by CITRINE.
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: What's all this "deal" business?
text: St ANNE on his way to the door now. He pauses for the question.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: I can have him out of here on a sec-
dialog: ond degree this afternoon. I own him,
dialog: and he knows it. And, Chief, I'm still
dialog: waiting for that warrant on his house?
scene_heading: 149: INT. WAITING AREA. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: HELENA waits on a bench in the empty room. Maybe a few scruffy
dialog: magazines? But nothing of use to her in here except she's near
text: Berlin. He arrives like every hope got abandoned and sits next
text: to her. They clasp one another's hands before she embraces him.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You don't wanna sit here
dialog: any more, sweetheart ..
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I wanna be near you ...
text: Something difficult to tell her and doesn't know how to say it.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I think they're gonna arrest me.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: I don't want them to arrest you.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: It's not as bad as it sounds ..
dialog: They can't refuse me bail. Raise
dialog: bail of my own cognizance &amp; find
dialog: the best damned lawyer there is ..
text: Her tears are close to his face. No one but him could hear her.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Oh, John, I'd do anything,
dialog: anything, to get you free.
scene_heading: 150: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM. POLICE STATION. DAY.
dialog: If the waiting room felt bad try sitting in here. Both St ANNE
text: and TAYLOR are smoking and the Sony playing again. This is the
text: final part of the tape. No speech but a lot of labored breath-
text: ing. Ross groaning and now the sound of his shotgun. More desp-
text: erate inhalations and now sound of the last shot into his neck.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: .. and that one's with malice ..
dialog: that one's first degree .. why
dialog: don't you stop lying to me?
dialog: (Clicks Sony off)
dialog: C'mon, John, I can help you? Why
dialog: don't you tell me the truth?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I've told you the truth. It
dialog: isn't me .. I've never call-
dialog: ed Ross "Freddy" in my life ..
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I've heard you call him Freddy.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You haven't. And you got no voice
dialog: in here, Taylor, so keep it shut.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Tell a lotta lies, don't you? Some-
dialog: thing that comes naturally to you?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I don't lie.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Prepared to lie to your Chief?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Under exceptional circumstances.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: What were the circumstances that
dialog: caused you to lie to Freddy Ross?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I never lied to Ross ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You didn't?
text: Shakes his head in confirmation. And St ANNE finds a notebook.
dialog: Well, he thought you did? .. Wrote
dialog: it down in his book? "John Berlin
dialog: is a liar." Right here, underlined.
text: BERLIN stares at the book &amp; can barely credit what he's seeing.
dialog: Dated the day you got your first
dialog: "break" with your "Mystery Man?"
dialog: You don't know why he wrote that?
dialog: (He doesn't)
dialog: Maybe he thought there was no "Myst-
dialog: ery Man?" That the investigation was
dialog: bullshit? That you were making it up?
text: And during the next attack St ANNE will work himself into rage.
dialog: Coz you wanted to be "Top Cop?" Isn't
dialog: that why you went running up that gar-
dialog: bage dump, so everyone could stand in
dialog: awe of the "Top Cop?" Isn't that why
dialog: you came up here? Coz you couldn't make
dialog: it in L.A.? Get yourself a pissy lit-
dialog: tle degree, come up here, and be "Top
dialog: Guy?" But Ross was "Top Guy", wasn't he?
dialog: Always would be Top Guy? And you know
dialog: what? He did it without even trying ..
dialog: Everybody loved him. He had everything
dialog: you wanted, didn't he? - Great woman -
dialog: Great kid? - Everything you couldn't
dialog: have? - And you wanted it to go away?
dialog: Coz your life was lousy, wasn't it? -
text: A lousy life, with a lousy wife, who
dialog: was fucking everyone, wasn't she? Is
dialog: that why you pick on a little Blind
dialog: Girl? - coz you can control her? - Is
dialog: that it? - Control who she's fucking?
text: Tears of grief and tears of rage. BERLIN can't restrain either.
dialog: You wanna lose your temper with me?
dialog: C'mon, John, lose your fucken temper?
dialog: You're good at losing your temper?..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: No way, Mr St Anne.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Lost your temper with Ross, didn't
dialog: you? C'mon, tell me the truth. Is
dialog: that what happened? You had an arg-
dialog: ument in the car? Lost your temper
dialog: with him? Stood over him, blew his
dialog: fucking larynx out with a Glaser? -
dialog: Where were you aiming, John? Going
dialog: for his face? Blow his fucking face
dialog: away, because you hated him so much.
text: BERLIN is a wreck of despair. But somehow he keeps his dignity.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I loved that guy .. &amp; the hard-
dialog: est thing to take in here .. is
dialog: knowing he thought I killed him ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Well, that he did .. And
dialog: that do I, Sergeant Berlin ..
text: And at last he looks pleased. Because he's got this man busted.
dialog: What do you take for that
dialog: breathlessness, Sergeant?
text: Can't take anymore questions. Answers with a shake of his head.
dialog: How about Aminophylline?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I don't know what that is.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: You don't? It's ant anti-asthma medic-
dialog: ation, prescribed for breathlessness?
text: Produces a capsule in a plastic bag and throws it on the table.
dialog: Came out of the ashtray of your car?
text: Every cell in BERLIN's body freezes. Misinterpreted by St ANNE.
dialog: But you "don't know" what it is?
text: But he does know what it is. The pill he found in the V.W. van.
dialog: You don't know how it got there?
text: TAYLOR stares a rock drill and St ANNE stares something similar.
dialog: You don't use it for breathlessness?
text: BERLIN focuses a fragment of hope. But no sign of hope in here.
dialog: I'm running outta questions, John, and
dialog: you're running out of lies? I'm offer-
dialog: ing you one last chance, and you better
dialog: take it, or the U.S. Attorney is gonna
dialog: put you in the God-damned gas chamber ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I need .. some time .. to think Sir ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Alright. Think about it. But don't
dialog: you make a fool of me. You come in
dialog: here with one more lie, and I bull-
dialog: shit you not, I'm gonna press for
dialog: the maximum penalty there is. And
dialog: that's the death penalty, Sergeant.
scene_heading: 151: INT. WAITING AREA. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: BERLIN hurries in and grabs HELENA's hand. Instantly transmits
text: the adrenalin. They head for the door with him whispering hard.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: We got a break - isn't much, but it's
dialog: a break .. the man that murdered Ross
dialog: gets asthma - it's not a breath fresh-
dialog: ner, darling - it's an asthma inhaler ..
scene_heading: 152: INT. KITCHEN. THE ROSS RESIDENCE. DAY.
text: BERLIN/HELENA couldn't have been in the house longer than it's
text: taken to call Los Angeles. MARGIE infected with the excitement
text: although as yet she hardly knows what's going on. BERLIN paces
text: the tiles on a long phone lead. Eyes to MARGIE while they wait.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: This capsule came out of a V.W. van -
dialog: I didn't even think about it - stuck
dialog: it in the ashtray - if I'd been smok-
dialog: ing, ita been thrown away weeks ago ..
dialog: (Phone)
dialog: No, Amanda - it's definitely Amanda ..
text: Another excruciating wait plus further explanations for MARGIE.
dialog: I had the van - this guy drove that
text: van takes his medication and loses
dialog: one .. (Phone) - Dan - Hearing - Are
dialog: you sure? - Would you try Frisco for
dialog: me? - I'll try and get a second name ..
text: Dumps the phone and stokes anxiety in HELENA and MARGIE's eyes.
text: No Amanda with a white Volkswagen ..
dialog: You don't have a Yellow Pages for
dialog: Oakland, do you? (She don't) I got-
dialog: ta get down there, find that store ..
text: Everything happens in a hurry. He embraces HELENA. She'll pray
text: for him. Already out the back door with MARGIE in tow. A black
text: &amp; white parked in the drive with VENABLES stuffed inside. Plus
text: a grim wind tearing trees. BERLIN pauses as he reaches his car.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: You be careful .. This man's close ..
text: Catches her eyes. Can barely look at them. They're full of hate.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: If you find him, John. I want you
dialog: to call me. I wanna know his name.
scene_heading: 153: EXT. HILLSIDE. OAKLAND. DAY.
text: Wide over the bay area. Wind swept and rain swept. City lights
text: beginning to come on. In the distance the docks and far beyond
text: the ocean. Somewhere here is a solitary phone booth. "I'm look-
dialog: ing for a special type of rattan .. friend of mine recommended
dialog: you, said I should ask for someone called Amanda .. You don't?
text: O.K. .. Thank you." Followed by sound of a phone slamming down.
scene_heading: 154: INT. PHONE BOOTH. HILLSIDE STREET. DAY.
text: A stack of coins and a pair of ripped out Yellow Pages. BERLIN
text: crosses off another number. Running out of craft shops and run-
text: ning out of quarters. A new number hears the same old bullshit.
text: But this one is answering good! Fights to keep his voice light.
speaker_heading: BERLIN (Phone)
dialog: She's not there? - Let me just make
dialog: sure I got the right Amanda - lotta
dialog: freckles, right? .. Right .. That's
dialog: right, that's her .. Well, eh, what
dialog: time d'you expect her? .. O.K. I'll
dialog: eh, try and pop over this afternoon.
text: And he comes out of there running. The Chevy roars up the hill.
scene_heading: 155: INT. ANTIQUE MARKET. CRAFT EMPORIUM. DUSK.
text: The kind of store heads open in abandoned warehouses. A jungle
text: of jewelry and cane furniture and ethnic junk. Many chairs of
text: the ilk Berlin saw in the Volkswagen van. And now he's staring
text: at its driver. His P.O.V. through windows. He watches as a red
text: headed Girl clears the till in preparation to close up. within
text: moments the lights are dead and AMANDA is heading for her door.
scene_heading: 156: EXT. MARKET/WAREHOUSE. CAR PARK. DUSK.
text: Plenty of rain to hurry in. AMANDA. drives a red Datsun. She ex-
text: its the car park with a man in a brown Chevrolet following her.
scene_heading: 157: EXT/INT. CAR/STREETS. SUBURBS. OAKLAND. NIGHT.
text: The Chevy tails the Datsun through city streets. A lot of rush
text: hour traffic. Music to go with it and it's probably Mussorgsky.
text: A final cut and headlights are navigating the hills. Disappear
text: and reappear as they ascend. Steep inclines and the houses are
text: middle class. Too dark to see much now but lamp posts and rain.
text: Still climbing the Datsun takes a side street. BERLIN keeps 50
text: yards behind. She turns off and parks in a sloping driveway. A
text: white Volkswagen van at the top of it. BERLIN has already pull-
text: ed over. Kills his lights and watches her hurry into the house.
scene_heading: 158: EXT. STEEP STAIRS. PORCH. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: BERLIN just rang the doorbell. Imposes an impartial expression.
text: But this is his last chance and he knows it. The front door is
text: opened &amp; secured on a safety-chain. AMANDA carries a white Cat.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm sorry to trouble you, but eh ..
dialog: Wait a minute, don't I know you?
text: And she stares like he does not. Before she stares like he does.
dialog: You're Amanda? Remember, you near-
dialog: ly ran into me? Way up in Trinity?
text: His smile disarms the securities. And she opens the front door.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: As I said, Sergeant, you nearly
dialog: ran into me? What's the problem?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm afraid it's the "van" again.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: The van?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Is it your vehicle?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No, my mother's .. You better stop
dialog: in .. I'm just here to feed the cat.
scene_heading: 159: INT. HALLWAY. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: So far so good. Inside without showing an I.D. he doesn't have.
text: This is a gloomy place. She shuts the door. Shuts out the gale.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'm sorry to worry you with this, but
dialog: we had a real serious robbery, and we-
dialog: 're chasing a white V.W. van? You guy
dialog: came up an the computer, so as a matt-
dialog: er of routine we have to check. Could
dialog: you tell me who's driven it recently?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Only me and Mom ..
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: How about any guys on your staff?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: We only got one .. He doesn't drive.
speaker_heading: BERLIN [AMANDA]
dialog: Would he have lent it to anyone? [No]
dialog: How bout your Dad? Husband? Boyfriend?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: He is my boyfriend. My fath-
dialog: er's dead, and I'm divorced.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I see ...
text: His hopes are collapsing by the moment and nothing else is left.
dialog: Would you mind if I took a look at it?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I thought this was "routine?"
text: The Cat cries for its food and AMANDA begins to look suspicious.
text: The only man that has driven it in
dialog: the last 6 months is my uncle. And
text: no way is he involved in a robbery.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Could I have his name? Just so
dialog: I can officially eliminate him?
text: Maybe too much charge in his head and she doesn't like the vibe?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Could I see your badge again?
text: Sure she can and he searches for it. "Must have left it at home?"
dialog: Then you better go and get it. I
dialog: feel uncomfortable without an I.D.
text: AMANDA opens the front door just long enough for BERLIN to leave.
scene_heading: 160: INT. LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN. HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: The emerging Music is full of threat. Like it's part of the dark-
text: ness. Too dark to see much of anything here. A sound of somebody
text: hammering at a door. A light outside and the Camera moves closer.
text: Creeps towards the door as though it's going to answer. Suddenly
text: glass shatters. The door flies open. Flashlights and Men rush in.
scene_heading: 161. INT. CHEVROLET SEDAN. STREET. NIGHT.
text: BERLIN stares towards the house. Music and rain and a downstairs
text: light just wont out. Headlights go on and the Datsun drives away.
scene_heading: 162: INT. CHIMNEY FLUE/BEDROOM. BERLIN'S HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: A flashlight searches cobwebs and soot. Descends the chimney and
text: TAYLOR emerges from a long-sealed-off fireplace. Blinks dirt out
text: of his eyes and moves back into the bedroom. Upended bed against
text: the wall and everything upsidedown. The search looks like it has
text: been thorough. St ANNE appears at the door and TAYLOR looks over.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: We're not gonna find nothin here.
scene_heading: 163: INT. MASTER BEDROOM. (AMANDA'S) HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: BERLIN searches the bedroom. Anxiety and antiques. Does a vanity
text: and now a wardrobe. Nothing much in either. But finds a shoe box
dialog: full of letters in the latter. Postcards/birthday cards etcetera.
scene_heading: 164: INT. BATHROOM. BERLIN'S HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: Half the floorboards already up. VENABLES levers at another. The
text: music is nervous and louder. Next floorboard is next to the bath.
scene_heading: 165: INT. BEDROOM/WARDROBE. (AMANDA'S) HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: Big close on a postcard (a fantasy yacht on a blue sea). The cap-
text: tion reads "JUST ANOTHER DAY IN SAN DIEGO." Close enough to read
dialog: the message ".. too hot .. asthma not too good .. as soon as I'm
dialog: settled I'll write .. love John .." Next letter out is also post-
text: marked San Diego. Inside is a happy snap of Sergeant John Taylor.
scene_heading: 166: INT. BATHROOM. BERLIN'S HOUSE. NIGHT.
text: Almost too close to see what's happening. But a gloved hand just
text: found a pistol under the bath. Out it comes with BISLEY shouting.
text: And St ANNE and TAYLOR arrive. "Got a little Walther. It's a 25."
scene_heading: 167: INT. LIVING ROOM. THE ROSS RESIDENCE. DAY.
text: HELENA looks at the floor and listens. MARGIE looks at the T.V.
text: and listens. Big close on the screen. This scene will intercut
text: between the television and those in front of it as appropriate.
text: [1] An exterior shot of Berlin's house. Sheriff's cars parked
text: out front. Various people come and go. One of them is Sergeant
text: Taylor. Perpetual wind on the sound track interrupted by a V.O.
speaker_heading: MALE REPORTER
dialog: Detectives spent several hours this
text: morning at Sergeant Berlin's home ..
dialog: various property was removed for ex-
text: amination. Later in the morning, May-
dialog: or Heineman arrived for a meeting with
text: police officers from Shasta Valley ..
text: [2] Heineman's B.M.W. pulls up outside the police station and
text: this is conducted on the move. A Reporter asks "What's the nat-
dialog: ure of this meeting, Sir?" HEINEMAN is sorry but can't comment.
text: He pauses briefly an the steps with the wind savaging his hair.
speaker_heading: HEINEMAN (T.V.)
text: Jim unable to say anything right now,
dialog: except, this is a very sad and tragic
dialog: day. John Berlin lied to us all. Lied
dialog: to me, and much worse, lied to every
dialog: man, woman, &amp; child in this community ..
speaker_heading: WOMAN REPORTER (T.V.)
dialog: Where was Mr Berlin arrested, Sir?
speaker_heading: HEINEMAN (T.V.)
text: Near the Ross residence .. six a.m. ..
speaker_heading: MALE REPORTER (T.V.)
dialog: Who made the arrest?
speaker_heading: HEINEMAN (T.V.)
dialog: Sergeant John Taylor. Assist-
dialog: ed by Sergeant Angelo Serato ..
text: HELENA looks in utmost despair. "Is it true he resisted arrest?"
dialog: You'll have to put that question
dialog: to the Chief. I've nothing to add.
text: BOBBY appears somewhere behind the Ladies. T.V. commentary con-
text: tinues. "Meanwhile, Sergeant Berlin remains in a cell at police
text: headquarters arraigned on what is believed to be a $500,000.00
dialog: bail. As Mayor Heineman said, this, is a 'sad day' for Eureka."
text: Except for the one face that isn't sad and it belongs to BOBBY.
scene_heading: 168: INT. CORRIDOR/CELLS. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: The cell window is reinforced glass. BERLIN smashes on it like
text: an insane man. TRAVIS (apparently on cell duty) has never seen
text: nothing like this before. CITRINE doesn't want to see any more.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'll sign anything you want. Please.
dialog: Bring here her .. I want Helena here ..
speaker_heading: CITRINE
dialog: You ain't talking to no
dialog: one, till you calm down.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I am calm .. I am calm ..
text: But he isn't and CITRINE moves off. BERLIN cracks blood out of
text: knuckles on the glass. Hollers up the corridor after the Chief.
dialog: Get St Anne .. I want St Anne ..
scene_heading: 169: EXT. DRIVE. THE ROSS RESIDENCE. DAY.
text: Gale still making a mass of the trees. A police Chevy pulls up
text: and TAYLOR gets out. Puts a knuckle on the window of a black &amp;
text: white. A Uniform wakes and TAYLOR interrupts his apologies "Go."
text: And the young Cop does the drive as TAYLOR heads for the house.
scene_heading: 170: INT. STAIRS/LIVING ROOM. THE ROSS RESIDENCE. DAY.
text: HELENA descends the stairs with her luggage. She's towards the
text: bottom when TAYLOR appears via the kitchen. Lights momentarily
text: stall as the gale sucks their electricity. Ignorant of his pre-
text: sence she loses her bags and disappears into the den. He moves
text: after her and startles the shit out of MARGIE as she comes out.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Jesus. What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Been trying to call, your line's
dialog: down .. I just wanna let you know
dialog: we're taking the guard off today.
text: MARGIE heads for a table and unloads a strong-box of documents.
dialog: Is she going somewhere?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: I'm taking her back to the Instit-
text: ute. Her new term starts tomorrow.
text: He watches her select various papers aware of what she's about.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Not gonna try and bail him are you?
dialog: I really wouldn't bother, Margie ..
text: HELENA reappears wearing a coat and TAYLOR is in generous mood.
dialog: You want me to drive her? ..
dialog: I'm through with my shift ..
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: No .. I'll drive her ..
scene_heading: 171: INT. CELL. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: Here's a classic twenty-two. BERLIN is consumed with anxiety &amp;
dialog: rage. But get mad in here and get nothing. No shoe strings and
text: no wrist watch. But a wrist-band like something medical summar-
text: izing his charge. St ANNE sits impassive as BERLIN walks floor.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: I'll sign anything you like - you
dialog: write it, I'll sign it. But I want
dialog: her and Margie here. I want an opp-
dialog: ortunity to talk to them - that's
dialog: all I'm asking? - That's my deal? ..
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: O.K. I'll put it to your Chief?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Well, you'd better put it to him
dialog: pretty dammed quick, Mr St Anne,
dialog: because if you don't, she's dead.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Didn't push her down stairs on
dialog: their previous meeting, did he?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
text: He was up there to plant the gun.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: Did Taylor plant this, too?
text: Produces a Zippo in a plastic sack and BERLIN's senses capsize.
dialog: Is it yours?
text: A question for which St ANNE expects no answer and he is right.
dialog: We found "Jennifer Eight." At least,
dialog: we've found a headless and handless
text: girl. A couple of hunters found her.
text: Maybe BERLIN asks him "Where" or maybe his expression's enough?
text: About 4 miles south of the institute,
text: less than 50 feet from the road. This
text: was less than 100 feet from the body.
text: BERLIN can't believe it and knows St ANNE wouldn't believe him.
dialog: Is it yours? - (no answer) - I know
dialog: it's yours? - You know it's yours?
dialog: The only prints on it are Freddy's?
dialog: You wanna tell me how it got there?
text: BERLIN wouldn't believe it either. Door open and TRAVIS enters.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Margie Ross put up your bond, Sir.
text: St ANNE and BERLIN look surprised. And BERLIN looks at St ANNE.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Are you getting in the way of it?
text: St ANNE examines the bail/bond paper and raises eyes to BERLIN.
speaker_heading: St ANNE
dialog: I don't make the law.
scene_heading: 172: EXT. THE ROSS RESIDENCE. DUSK.
text: Music on the cut and this is a crane shot high above the house.
text: A car tears up the drive with the Camera descending to meet it.
text: BERLIN out and into the house. And still the gale howls around.
scene_heading: 173: INT. DOWNSTAIRS ROOMS. HOUSE. DUSK.
text: Darkness and silence. Where the hell is everyone? He quicks it
text: to the den, Cartoons on T.V. but no one watching. With escalat-
text: ing concern he hits the kitchen and now he's shouting upstairs.
text: "Margie. Margie." About to climb when BOBBY appears at the top.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: There's no one here.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Mom took her back to the institute.
text: BERLIN freezes. He maybe says "What?" He definitely says "When?"
dialog: I dunno. How come they let you out?
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Is Margie with her? Is she with her?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: No, she came back and went out ag-
dialog: ain .. gone to see Auntie Charles ..
text: BERLIN has already grabbed a telephone. Aware it's dead before
text: BOBBY tells him "They're all out around here." He wanders down-
text: stairs in apparent oblivion to BERLIN's distress. BERLIN races
text: back to the den and new problems. Desperate to get at the guns
dialog: but all cabinets locked "Where's the keys, Bobby? I need a gun."
dialog: They're my Dad's guns.
speaker_heading: BERLIN
dialog: Come on, Bobby, for God's sake. I
dialog: wanna get the man that killed him.
text: BOBBY stares at BERLIN as though he's staring at that very man.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: I hate you .. I really hate you ..
text: He turns away into the darkness. BERLIN looks frantic and with-
text: out options. Smashes the cabinets with a chair. Grabs a 44 rev-
text: olver plus a 12 gauge Remington and the slugs that go with it.
scene_heading: 174: EXT. FREEWAY INTERSECTION. NIGHT.
text: Wide over an intersection. Berlin's Chevy crosses a bridge and
text: descends into lights. Music travels with him but the Camera re-
text: mains static. Watches tail lights dissolve into a river of red.
scene_heading: 175: EXT. FREEWAY. NIGHT.
text: Tracking back with the car. As yet 100 yards away. Moving fast
text: and getting closer. As it approaches a remote sound of a phone
text: drifts in. And headlights so near now they wipe out everything.
scene_heading: 176: INT. CHEVY SEDAN. FREEWAY. NIGHT.
text: Starting to sleet and windshield wipers on. The phone is still
text: ringing like it's at the end of Berlin's brain. Like it's part
text: of his thoughts mixed up with the nightmare he's hearing again.
speaker_heading: BERLIN (V.O.)
dialog: Go take a look in his office. It's
dialog: fulla rattan - that's the connect-
dialog: ion, that's the "link" - that's why
dialog: they never got an I.D. - He kills
dialog: blind girls - put their picture in
dialog: the newspaper, and 99 percent of
dialog: the people who know them are blind ..
text: Intercutting BERLIN's fearful eyes with his P.O.V. of the road.
speaker_heading: St ANNE (V.O.)
dialog: Havta be a real dope to kill her
dialog: now, wouldn't he? I mean, we're
dialog: talking real, full-blown, insane?
speaker_heading: BERLIN (V.O.)
dialog: He is insane. His fucken brain's
dialog: upside down. But he's also very
text: cunning. He's not going after her
dialog: with a "Pearl Handled Colt," he-
dialog: 'll just push her down the stairs ..
text: Just the sound of tho phone and the road dissolving into black.
scene_heading: 177: INT. CORRIDOR. SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: A miserable corridor with the merest of lights. A phone rings
text: somewhere at its end. HELENA is on her way up the corridor and
text: the ringing is louder. Finds keys and walks into her apartment.
scene_heading: 178: INT. APARTMENT. SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: Phone in close-up and the frame widens as HELENA heads towards
text: it. Reaches out and is maybe a second away before it rings off.
scene_heading: 179: INT/EXT. PHONE BOOTH. GAS STATION. NIGHT.
dialog: This is a little country stop some place an the peripheries of
text: the snow-line. BERLIN slams the phone down and runs to his car.
text: Screeches out onto the highway and the Camera begins to ascend.
text: The Camera climbs higher revealing somber mountains. Plus mile
text: upon mile of road he has yet to travel. Still it ascends until
text: the Chevrolet is reduced to an insignificance by the landscape.
scene_heading: 180: EXT. SHASTA-TRINITY INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: A panoramic over the institute wide enough to include surround-
text: ing forest. Headlights approach down a wooded track and go out.
text: Just possible to see a tiny Figure moving towards the building.
scene_heading: 181: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: High on the fire escape looking down. A flashlight arrives bel-
text: ow. Eerie fragmentation of light as the Figure begins to climb.
scene_heading: 182: EXT. CHEVY SEDAN/ROAD. SHASTA VALLEY. NIGHT.
text: The highway is winding and narrowed with snow. Couldn't find a
text: lousier road on which to overtake. BERLIN is right up behind a
text: forty ton truck and he's trying to overtake. Hits the horn and
text: tries again. Halfway past the trailer when a bend suddenly rel-
text: eases headlights. An angry claxon and he's forced to pull back.
scene_heading: 183: INT. BEDROOM. APARTMENT. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: Although curtains are open the room is in darkness. Someone on
text: the fire escape looking in. A flashlight snaps on and a circle
text: of light explores the room. Creeps across the floor and pauses
text: at the bed. Climbs slowly to illuminate HELENA's sleeping face.
scene_heading: 144: EXT. FIRE ESCAPE. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: Close-up sound and close-up picture. A glass-cutter scores the
dialog: window. A nasty noise but you'd have to be wide awake and list-
text: ening to hear it. A gloved fist punches the section out. Falls
text: to the floor and shatters. And a hand reaches in for the catch.
scene_heading: 145: INT. BEDROOM/LIVING ROOM. APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: HELENA is wide awake and listening. Hurrying into her dressing
text: gown with a similar urgency to get out. She arrives in the liv-
text: ing room as the FIGURE is clambering through the window. Panic
text: as she blunders for the front door. Tears it open and vanishes
text: into the corridor. He crosses the room and follows her outside.
scene_heading: 186: INT. CORRIDOR/STAIRS. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: HELENA knows the building and moves faster than he may have ex-
text: pected. Green dressing gown and bare feet. White nightgown and
text: blonde hair. The man in black hurries after her. She's already
text: at the swing doors and he's virtually running to stay with her.
text: She bursts through the doors and rushes downstairs. He follows
text: only seconds behind. The wind groans down as they descend. HEL-
text: ENA turns a corner of the stairwell and momentarily disappears.
text: For a moment he loses her! Which way did she go? Downstairs or
text: along the corridor? His anxiety is immediately assuaged. Spots
text: what already looks like a ghost fleeing into shadows. He takes
text: off along the corridor. Getting breathless. But getting closer.
text: Near enough now to sense her fear. Near enough now to grab her.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Say night, night, dead girl.
text: As he reaches for her she turns. MARGIE wears a green dressing
text: gown and a blonde wig and has a very big fucking pistol in her
text: hand. TAYLOR can't believe what he's looking at. And for an in-
text: stant neither does MARGIE. Their surprise is mutually stunning.
text: How can it be him? How can it be her? TAYLOR's still trying to
text: work out how they made the switch when the first bullet smacks
text: into his chest. Gets another as he goes down. He crumples in a
text: deadly heap and revenge is completed with two more in the back.
scene_heading: 187: INT. LANDING/STAIRS. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: MARGIE barges through the doors. The MYOPIC Janitor is halfway
text: up adjacent stairs peering down. No time for introductions and
dialog: no time for explanations. "Call the Police. Do it. Now." Shout-
text: ing up at him she's already descending. "Tell em the gymnasium."
scene_heading: 188: INT. GYMNASIUM. INSTITUTE. NIGHT.
text: MARGIE patrols plate glass windows. Where are the fucking cops?
text: She's shocked and looks strange indeed. Wig off but hair grips
text: all over her head. An overcoat and shoes but still wearing the
text: nightgown underneath. A couple of dreary lights in the ceiling.
text: HELENA sits numb under one of them all but hidden in a blanket.
dialog: MARGIE can't stand waiting any longer. "I'm gonna call them my-
text: self." HELENA nods and sure she's O.K. to stay here. The doors
text: settle and she is alone. Headlights cross the windows shifting
text: the shadows of everything. Swooping the walls they move attent-
text: ion back to the door. TAYLOR stares in and then pushes through.
text: Worse for wear but very much alive. Discarded his leather jack-
text: et revealing the bullet proof vest. Blood all over his T-shirt.
text: Looks like he caught one in the shoulder. A bad burn and blood
text: runs from his left hand. In his right hand he clasps the knife.
text: He cracks it open like a whip. HELENA hears it and stands. Ter-
text: ror as the footsteps approach. "Margie. Margie." But Margie is-
text: n't around. He's less than 30 feet away. She tries to back off
text: but is hindered by the blanket. Tries to scream but is stifled
text: with fear. Maybe six seconds to live but this refers to Taylor.
text: "Taylor" He swings around but this time he doesn't get time to
text: look surprised. BERLIN blows the fucker across the room. Solid
text: load slugs weighing an ounce each crash into him. BERLIN keeps
text: pumping the Remington and doesn't stop firing until the magaz-
dialog: ine is over. No conjecture now. This bastard is very much dead.
text: BERLIN throws the 12 gauge aside. And maybe it means something.
text: Maybe at last he accepts he's stopped living in that world and
text: ready to give himself a chance in this. HELENA in his arms and
text: this is his new world. Flashing lights and headlights flood in-
text: to the darkness. Their embrace goes on. And this story is told.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
