text: THE ASSASSINATION OF JESSE JAMES BY THE COWARD ROBERT FORD
dialog: by
dialog: Andrew Dominik
dialog: No portion of this script may be performed, reproduced,
dialog: or used by any means, or quoted or published in any
dialog: medium without the prior written consent of Warner Bros.
dialog: Pictures.
dialog: December 8, 2004
scene_heading: WARNER BROS. PICTURES INC. © 2004
scene_heading: 4000 Warner Boulevard WARNER BROS. ENT.
dialog: Burbank, California 91522 All Rights Reserved
dialog: a~
text: The following sequence is almost a home-movie. The images are grainy
text: and seem bleached by sunlight, like an impressionist painting. They are
text: scored to the narrator's voice and describe JESSE'S eccentricities and
dialog: the circumstances of his daily life. There is no natural sound, just
text: music that tugs at our sense of melancholy. Jesse is presented to us
text: initially as a shadow, or with his back turned, as we approach this
dialog: legendary figure gradually:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND AVE. COTTAGE. - DUSK
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: He was growing into middle age and was living
text: then in a bungalow on Woodland Avenue.
text: Green weeds split the porch steps, a wasp nest clings to an attic
text: gable, a rope swing loops down from a dying elm tree and the ground
text: below it is scuffed soft as flour.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: He installed himself in a rocking chair and
text: smoked a cigar down in the evening as his
text: wife wiped her pink hands on an apron and
text: reported happily on their two children.
scene_heading: INT. WOODLAND AVE. COTTAGE - DAY.
dialog: Action as per voice over:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: Whenever he walked about the house, he
dialog: carried several newspapers — the Sedalia
dialog: Daily democrat, the St. Joseph Gazette, and
text: the Kansas City Times ~ each with a foot-long
text: .44 caliber pistol tucked into a fold.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, KANSAS CITY - DAY.
text: JESSE, from a distance, a dandy in his gentleman’s clothes and cane.
text: Everyone seems to know him.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
text: He went everywhere unrecognized and lunched
dialog: with Kansas City shopkeepers and merchants,
dialog: calling himself a cattleman or commodities
text: investor, someone rich and leisured who had
dialog: the common touch.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
dialog: JESSE'S scars and wounds:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT'D)
text: He had two incompletely healed bullet. holes
text: in his chest and another in his thigh. He was
text: missing the nub of his left middle finger and
dialog: was cautious lest that mutilation be seen.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND AVE. BACKYARD - DUSK.
text: JESSE looks out beyond the prairie wheat, to the dying sun.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: He also had a condition that was referred to
dialog: as granulated eyelids and it caused him to
text: blink more than usual, as if he found
dialog: creation slightly more than he could accept.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN PATCH - DAY.
text: He scours for nightcrawlers and flips them into manure pails. He chops
text: them into writhing sections and sprinkles them over his garden patch.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: He could neither multiply nor divide without
dialog: error and much of his science was
dialog: superstition. He could list the many begotten
dialog: of Abraham and the sixty-six books of the
dialog: king James Bible; he could recite psalms and
text: poems in a stentorian voice with suitable
dialog: histrionics; he could sing religious hymns so
dialog: convincingly that he once worked as a
dialog: choirmaster; he was marvelously informed
dialog: about current events.
scene_heading: MONTAGE: JESSE'S beliefs.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: And yet he thought incense was made from the
dialog: bones of saints,
text: Bones are ground.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: -that leather continued to grow if not dyed,
text: Leather grows.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0O)
dialog: -that if he concentrated hard enough his
dialog: body’s electrical currents could stun lake
text: frogs as he bathed.
text: A frogs keels over. JESSE watches:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: He could be reckless or serene, rational or
text: lunatic, from one minute to the next.
scene_heading: INT. DRYGOODS STORE, KANSAS CITY - DAY.
dialog: Action as per voiceover:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
text: If he made an entrance, heads turned in his
dialog: direction; if he strode down an aisle
dialog: storeclerks backed away;
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, KANSAS CITY - DAY.
text: A dog shies, its hackles raised.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: iff he neared animals they retreated.
scene_heading: INT. TOPEKA EXCHANGE SALOON, KANSAS CITY. DAY.
text: CUSTOMERS become disturbed, affected without knowing why.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O) .
dialog: Rooms seemed hotter when he was in them,
text: RAINFALL, as seen through a window:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: rains fell straighter,
speaker_heading: A CLOCKFACE:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: clocks slowed,
text: CUTLERY clatters:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: sounds were amplified:
text: ON JESSE as he slowly lifts a flaming hand:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0O)
dialog: His enemies would not have been much
dialog: surprised if he produced horned owls from
dialog: beer bottles or made candles out of his
dialog: fingers.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND AVE. BACKYARD - DAY.
text: He wades barefoot through the backyard grass with his six-year-old-son
text: hunched on his shoulders and his trousers rolled up to his knees.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0O)
dialog: He considered himself a Southern loyalist and
dialog: guerrilla in a Civil War that never ended. He
dialog: regretted neither his robberies nor the
dialog: seventeen murders that he laid claim to,
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. WOODLAND AVE. COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: JESSE, sleepless, at the kitchen table:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: -but he would brood about his slanders and
dialog: slights, his callow need for attention, his
dialog: overweening vaingloriousness, and he was
text: excessively genteel and polite in order to
dialog: disguise what he thought was vulgar,
text: primitive, and depraved in his origins.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE. DUSK.
text: JESSE in the prairie wheat at dusk.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: Sicknesses made him smell blood each morning,
dialog: he visited rooms at night, he sometimes heard
text: children in the fruit cellar, he waded into
text: prairie wheat and stared at the horizon.
text: CLOSE on JESSE, his eyes impossibly blue:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: He had seen another summer under in Kansas
dialog: City, Missouri, and on September 5%, in the
dialog: year 1881, he was thirty-four years old.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE CUT (AS SEEN FROM THE SOUTHERN RIDGE) - DAY.
text: Thirty feet below is a cinder roadbed, the sickle curve of rails, the
text: grade that is hard work for a locomotive. Beyond that is the northern
text: ridge - a lower elevation - rising ten feet above the cut.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN RIDGE - DAY.
text: FRANK JAMES (stern, 38) stands back in the green darkness, studying the
text: terrain. Off-screen we hear the sound of some fool crashing through the
text: weeds to the rear of him. FRANK opens his coat and slides his hand over
dialog: his revolver.
speaker_heading: VOICE (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Excuse me, but I see I’ve sort of traipsed in
dialog: and interrupted you.
text: FRANK turns to see a boy in a stovepipe hat and an overlarge black coat
text: that’s cinched by a low-slung holster. His hands are overhead as if a
text: gun is upon him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Which one are you?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: !
dialog: Bob Ford.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Ah, Charley's brother.
text: BOB receives this as an invitation to lower his hands. He hunkers down
text: next to FRANK and takes off his hat.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I was lying when I said I just happened down
dialog: here. I’ve been looking for you. I feel lousy
dialog: that I didn’t say so at the outset.
text: FRANK digs in his pockets and extracts cigarette makings. He’s not
dialog: inclined to converse.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Folks sometimes take me for a nincompoop on
dialog: account of the shabby first impression I
dialog: make, whereas I’ve always thought of myself
dialog: as being just a rung down from the James
dialog: brothers. And, well, I was hoping if’I ran
dialog: into you aside from those peckerwoods, I
dialog: could show you how special I am. I honestly
dialog: believe I’m destined for great things, Mr.
dialog: James. I’ve got qualities that don’t come
text: shining through right at the outset, but give
dialog: me a chance and I'll get the job done - I can
dialog: guarantee you that.
text: FRANK slimes his cigarette and strikes a match off his boot sole.
speaker_heading: BOB slaps
dialog: He stands
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You’re not so special Mr. Ford. You’re just
dialog: like any other tyro who’s prinked himself up
dialog: for an escapade. You’re hoping to be a
dialog: gunslinger like those nickel books are about,
dialog: but you may as well quench your mind of it.
dialog: You don’t have the ingredients.
text: a mosquito and looks at his blood freckled palm.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m sorry to hear you feel that way since I
dialog: put such stock in your opinions.
text: and rehats himself.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: As for me being a gunslinger, I’ve just got
dialog: this one granddaddy Patterson Colt and a
dialog: borrowed belt to stick it in. But I've also
dialog: got an appetite for greater things. I hoped
dialog: joining up with you would put me that much
dialog: closer to getting them. And that’s the plain
dialog: and simple truth of the matter.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So what do you want me to say?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You'll let me be your sidekick tonight.
dialog: Sidekick?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: So you can examine my grit and intelligence.
text: FRANK examines his cigarette, sucks it once more, and flips it onto the
dialog: roadbed.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t know what it is about you, but the
dialog: more you talk, the more you give me the
dialog: willies. I don’t believe I even want you as
dialog: close as earshot this evening.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I‘m sorry-
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Why don’t you go?
text: And, after a beat, BOB tramps up the hill, slapping weeds aside.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS. (MOVING WITH BOB TO THE GANG’S CAMP) DAY.
text: BOB passes a number of horses reined to a piece of rope fixed between
text: two trees. He passes MEN aged in their late teens and early twenties -
text: hooligans mainly, boys with vulgar features and sullen eyes. They
text: cradle shotguns and wear patched coveralls and foul looking suit coats.
text: They are known collectively as THE CRACKERNECK BOYS and are just here
text: to provide ‘atmosphere’ at the robbery and easy prey for the sheriff
text: afterwards. BOB clears this group and arrives to a view of JESSE
text: surrounded by the inner gang; the current apostles:
text: ROBERT WOODSON HITE (WOOD) is JESSE'S cousin, sulking and mooning over
text: some imagined slight.
text: CHARLEY FORD is BOB’S older brother, who chuckles and brays and hee-
text: haws and who covers his left boot with a coat in order to conceal a
dialog: clubfoot.
text: DICK LIDDIL and ED MILLER can be seen in the background, working over a
dialog: cast iron pot:
text: MILLER is the anxious type; has a streak of spit where his spine
dialog: ought to be.
text: DICK LIDDIL is a good-looking horse-thief.
text: BOB eyes this group hungrily, coveting admission. He then crosses the
text: ground just as DICK LIDDIL rattles the pot and sings out:
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Chowtime!
text: JESSE is the last to rise, and BOB closes in on him like a valet.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Am I too late to wish you a happy birthday?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: How'd you know?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You'd be surprised at what I've got stored
dialog: away. I'm an authority on the James boys.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Your name isn’t Bunny Ford, is it?
text: BOB begins to nod, then checks himself:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Why no. It’s Robert Ford.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Of course it is.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Bob.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You've never been with the gang before, have
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Oh no sirree. I'ma virgin. At least in that
dialog: one respect, if you get my meaning.
text: JESSE takes a heaped bowl from DICK LIDDIL in his gunnysack apron. He
text: lowers himself onto a stump and BOB squats in the dirt at his feet.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Your brother Frank and I just had a real nice
dialog: visit. Must’ve been a hundred subjects
dialog: entertained, having to do with the Chicago
dialog: and Alton Railroad and the assignments on
text: board the cars.
text: JESSE, bored, closes his eyes and exercises a crick in his neck.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Well, the upshot was, we sort of mutually
dialog: agreed that I should use my abilities as your
dialog: helper and, you know, apprentice. So we could
dialog: be confederates together and come out of this
text: unscathed. That was the upshot.
text: JESSE opens his eyes and squints at BOB.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well, Buck does the figuring. Do you know
dialog: what this stew needs, Bob?
text: BOB is perplexed:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Dumplings?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Noodles. You eat yourself some noodle stew
dialog: and your clock will tick all night. You ever
dialog: see that woman over in Fayette could suck
dialog: noodles up her nose?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Don’t believe I have.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You've got canals in your head you never
dialog: dreamed of.
text: BOB is dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I don’t like to harp on a subject but-
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I don’t care who comes with me. Never have.
dialog: I’m what they call gregarious.
text: FRANK JAMES is drinking coffee and scowling as he sits on the far side
text: of the fire. JESSE raises his voice:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I hear you and young Stovepipe here had a
dialog: real nice visit.
text: FRANK looks askance at BOB and flings the dregs of his coffee onto the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (terse)
dialog: Your boys have got about an acre of rock to
dialog: haul, Dingus. You'd better goose them down
dialog: yonder.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE CUT RAILBED - DAY.
text: A cotton wood tree is skidded down the bank and heaved over the
text: polished steel rails. The CRACKERNECK BOYS carry boulders of lime and
text: sandstone which they fort around the tree as shovels sing and picks
text: splinter. JESSE supervises the rock piling, recommending land to be
text: mined for stone, chewing his green cigar black.
text: Shadows grow long and die. Clouds brick overhead and brindle pink. Then
text: crimson. Then violet. Then black.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN RIDGE - NIGHT.
text: BOB holds a match for JESSE as he reads the dial of a pocket watch.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You can stick with me but don’t heel. I don’t
dialog: want to bust into you every time I have the
dialog: notion to change direction.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I‘m not a moron, for Heaven's sake.
text: JESSE curtains his coat halves over his revolvers.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: They’re supposed to have a hundred thousand
dialog: dollars in that express car; at least that’s
dialog: what the gossip is.
speaker_heading: BOB
text: My fingers are already starting to itch.
text: JESSE squats and strikes a match and turns up the flame of a lantern.
text: He then wads a red flannel sleeve around the glass chimney and the
text: yellow light rubies.
speaker_heading: FRANK calls from above:
speaker_heading: FRANK (OFFSCREEN)
dialog: That‘s ideal.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN RIDGE - NIGHT.
text: FRANK is up on the South Ridge with DICK LIDDIL, WOOD HITE, ED MILLER,
text: and CHARLEY FORD. He watches the CRACKERNECK BOYS who ramble
text: lackadaisically along the tracks, rifles hoisted, dangerously crossing
text: paths with each other in the night.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Look at those fools. They’re going to trip
text: and shoot each other into females.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I‘1l bet I can find them husbands if they do.
text: This jollies even FRANK.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN RIDGE. NIGHT.
text: JESSE holds the lantern over his pocket watch. Both hands near the Ix.
speaker_heading: JESSE '
dialog: About two years ago we robbed the same .
dialog: railroad, only it was right in Glendale we
dialog: boarded her.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I know that. You might not realize it yet but
dialog: I’m a storehouse of information about the
dialog: James gang. I mean I’ve followed your
dialog: careers.
text: BOB stuffs a white handkerchief under his stovepipe hat so that it
text: conceals his face. (One eyehole has been cut slightly lower than the
text: other - creating the impression that he is cock-eyed and pitiable - not
dialog: at all what he had mind.)
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Do you know what happened five years ago to
dialog: the day? To the day? What happened on
dialog: September seventh in eighteen seventy-six?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You made an attempt on a Northfield,
dialog: Minnesota, bank. Wasn’t it owned by General
dialog: Ben Butler? The Scourge of New Orleans?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Knew it.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Bill Chadwell, Clell Miller, Charlie Pitts -
text: they were killed outright. The Youngers have
dialog: been in prison ever since. It’s painful to
dialog: recall.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: And you never got a plug nickel from that
dialog: bank.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: So you can see how this date would have an
dialog: aroma for me.
text: Then JESSE pricks up likes an animal might.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE CUT RAILBED - NIGHT.
text: He hops down the bank in three plunging steps, shakes out his trouser
text: cuffs, and keels to put his ear to the rails. The hum of the
text: locomotive is like insects in a jar.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: She's right on schedule, Buck!
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN RIDGE - NIGHT. 1
text: FRANK stubs out his cigarette and turns to DICK. .
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You'd better go on down to Jesse.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE CUT RAILBED - NIGHT.
text: JESSE raises the blue bandana over his nose and places his right boot
text: on the rail as DICK slides down the southern cliff. DICK ties a red
text: bandana over his face and ambles over, shaking the dust from his shirt.
text: The locomotive’s chuffing is growing loud.
text: JESSE'S right foot tickles with rail vibrations.
dialog: 11
text: The headlamp’s aisle of white light fills the forest passage, streaks
text: across scrub and bush, then bends and floods toward JESSE. He swings
text: his red-lantern in a yard master’s signal to stop. The brakes are
text: engaged with an ear splitting scream. Couplings bang. Sparks slice off
text: the rails as the engine swiftly decelerates. And a great cloud of steam
text: breaks over JESSE.
text: Then the GANG is running and bounding and skidding down the
text: embankments.
text: BOB FORD slides down like a debutante in petticoats, his left hand
text: snatching at roots while his right unveils his eyes long enough to peek
text: around at the commotion:
text: MEN rush alongside the train levering their rifles in a manner they
text: fancy is ghoulish and frightening.
text: JESSE hops out of the steam and up onto the cab step and cocks his
text: revolver. The ENGINEER cringes down behind his hands:
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Don’t shoot! Ain’t no call for that!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You two best come down from your machine and
dialog: bring a coal pick along.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: You’ve got the gun.
text: He obediently drops a coal pick onto the cinderbed and climbs down. The
text: STOKER follows - he’s scared sick, sweat crawls over the filth of his
text: face. He looks about sixteen. JESSE shakes the hands of both workers:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Gentlemen, I’m Jesse James; the man you’ve
dialog: read so much about.
scene_heading: EXT. BAGGAGE/EXPRESS CAR - NIGHT.
text: The BAGGAGEMASTER and EXPRESS MESSENGER have their heads tilted out the
text: door at radically different heights. t
speaker_heading: BAGGAGEMASTER
dialog: Opie? We’re going to bolt this door from the
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: EXPRESS MESSENGER
dialog: I’d say that’s a good idea.
text: The door slams.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE/EXPRESS CAR - NIGHT.
text: The two men stack chicken coops, bags and boxes to hide the Adams |
dialog: Express Company safe.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: BAGGAGEMASTER
dialog: If they push you to the brink, do what you
dialog: must to save your own skin.
speaker_heading: EXPRESS MESSENGER
dialog: Thanks for the reminder.
text: The MESSENGER leans himself against the doorframe and peeks through a
text: crack. He sees:
text: A man in a confederate officer’s coat and blue bandana mask limping
text: toward the express section with the young STOKER in tow. Behind hima
text: young boy in a stovepipe hat points the ENGINEER in the same direction
text: with his revolver.
scene_heading: EXT. BAGGAGE/EXPRESS CAR - NIGHT.
text: The ENGINEER tries the doorknob. Then tries again with his weight
text: behind it.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
text: It's locked.
text: JESSE re-cocks his revolver.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Why don’t you smash it in.
text: The ENGINEER grunts the coal pick up and swings it into the door near
text: the latch. The wood splinters loudly. He has to tug hard to extricate
text: the embedded spike.
speaker_heading: JESSE
speaker_heading: (to BOB)
text: The locked doors and the smashing them down,
dialog: that’s a little skit we run through each time
dialog: — sort of like grace before dinner.
text: The ENGINEER swings again:
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE/EXPRESS CAR - SAMETIME.
text: The wood screams and folds inward from the blow. The MESSENGER sees
dialog: that they'll get in anyway and goes for the bolts:
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: All right! All right! you can come in now!
text: JESSE socks the door open, heaves his chest onto the threshold and
text: knees himself into the room. DICK LIDDIL, ED MILLER and the come-lately
text: CHARLEY FORD follow him. A lantern is passed up as JESSE lifts packages
text: and shakes them and guesses at their contents:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: That’s a woman’s satchel; all fancy bead work
dialog: and paper flowers.
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: (nervous grin)
dialog: Could be.
text: JESSE smashes another box on a nail and snags it open, finding inside a
text: photograph of a child in an oval frame, the cheek torn by a nail. He
text: looks at it a moment and then glares at the frightened MESSENGER:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I want you to open that safe.
text: The MESSENGER looks to the BAGGAGEMASTER for council - but the man’s
text: head is down. He looks back at JESSE with his nervous smile. CHARLEY
text: FORD steps forward and strikes him over the skull with his pistol. The
text: man drops to his knees, blood shoelacing his face. The BAGGAGEMASTER
text: backs to wall in horror.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: You didn’t have to bop him, Charley.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Yes, he did. They need the convincing. They
dialog: got their company rules and I got my mean
dialog: streak and that’s how we get things done.
text: CHARLEY grins with accomplishment and JESSE clears some registers off
text: the only safe he can see.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Come over here and attend to this now.
text: We hear a wild and scrambled off-screen fusillade and DICK leans
dialog: outside to see what’s going on:
dialog: - NIGHT.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE CUT RAILBI
text: The CRACKERNECKS are firing at TWO FIGURES crouching with a red
text: lantern. FRANK JAMES hollers for them to cease, and after a further
dialog: twenty rounds they do.
text: DICK sees BOB FORD squatting in the weeds, standing guard over the
text: STOKER and ENGINEER, his cocked revolver up next to his cheek.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Scare ya?
text: BOB stands sheepishly:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I couldn’t tell what on earth was going on!
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE/EXPRESS CAR - NIGHT.
text: The EXPRESS MESSENGER jerks the company vault door open. CHARLEY FORD
text: empties the contents of the safe into a grain sack which he hands to
text: JESSE. JESSE puzzles over it’s contents.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Isn’t no hundred thousand dollars in here,
dialog: Dick.
text: DICK looks into the grain sack:
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I’m real disappointed.
text: JESSE turns on the EXPRESS MESSENGER:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Get down on your knees.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You oughta pray; I’m going to kill you.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: (panic)
dialog: Hey?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Get down!
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: You’1l have to make me.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: All right.
text: JESSE socks the man with his pistol and he drops like empty clothes.
text: JESSE looks at him for a moment, then cocks his pistol and puts it
text: against the unconscious man’s head. ED MILLER reacts with horror:
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: Don’t shoot him!
text: JESSE grins, uncocks the pistol, and picks up the grain sack.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Don’t you tell me what I can and can’t do.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE CUT RAILBED - NIGHT.
text: BOB FORD, standing over the ENGINEER and the STOKER, watches as JESSE
text: jumps down from the EXPRESS CAR. JESSE encourages the MESSENGER and
text: BAGGAGEMASTER outside with his gun. The MESSENGER staggers over towards
text: BOB, bleeding profusely, and crashes down into the weeds. BOB gapes at
text: the wound in panic.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: We’re going to go through the cars. If any of
dialog: them so much as twitch, give their coconuts a
dialog: sockdolager: that’s a language they
dialog: understand.
dialog: 15
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER CAR - NIGHT.
text: WOOD HITE’S boot slams the door aside, and he enters, an eye-holed
text: flour sack over his head, his twelve-gauge thrust forward:
speaker_heading: WOOD HITE
dialog: Throw up your hands, you sons-a-bitches!
text: And for emphasis he slaps a MAN in the mouth.
text: Then FRANK JAMES enters in his gray coat and yellow bandana.
text: He sees thirty MEN either cowering or flinching or accusing him with
text: their eyes, while the WIVES scrunch down behind their husbands’
dialog: shoulders.
text: He strides down the aisle, imperious as Victoria’s consort, his
text: bootheels barking on the oakwood flooring. He scowls and lingers over
text: any who seem recalcitrant, ticking a button or collar with his
dialog: Remington revolver.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Are any of you preachers?
text: No one raises a hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Are any of you widows?
text: Some frown with curiosity.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We never rob preachers or widows.
text: Four hands shoot up.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No; no, you’re too late.
text: FRANK nods to the rear of the coach and JIM CUMMINS scuttles forward
text: and punches his revolver into the into the coat of a man.
speaker_heading: JIM CUMMINS
dialog: I'm Jesse James, ya damned yellow dog! Gimme
dialog: all your money!
text: The MAN fiddles in his coat and produces a worn envelope full of bills
dialog: and an English gold watch.
text: A bearded man with spectacles hands FRANK JAMES a roll of bills, but
text: FRANK has a hunch about him and puts a cocked revolver to his forehead:
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Delve a little deeper.
text: The man turns up a further hundred dollars.
text: JESSE raps on the doorglass with his gun. Frank swivels and waves him
text: in. DICK and CHARLEY follow.
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Just work your way to the middle.
text: The GANG make their way down the coach with sacks, stealing coins,
text: dollars, watches, bracelets, rings, stickpins, pendants.
text: Children wail in corners, several women have become hysterical.
text: Men sit in chairs with blank faces, their hands lumped in their laps,
text: having lost fortunes; their crabbed savings, the cost of a cottage, the
text: auction sale of six Holstein cows, a laggard Silver Anniversary watch.
scene_heading: EXT. PASSENGER CAR PLATFORM - LATER.
text: A dispirited JESSE exits onto the platform where he sees FRANK and same
text: of the others shedding loot into a flour sack. WOOD HITE and ED MILLER
text: pass by him with fire axes. A young BRAKEMAN sits nearby looking
dialog: bankrupt.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: How much did you lose?
speaker_heading: BRAKEMAN
dialog: Fifty cents and that was all I had.
text: JESSE digs into his grain sack and hands the BRAKEMAN a dollar fifty.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Here‘s the principal and interest on your
dialog: money. .
text: The sound of wood splintering is heard and JESSE turns to see WOOD HITE
text: and ED MILLER attacking the bedding and boxes in the sleeper carriage.
text: The whole affair degenerating into a carousal. JESSE shouts at them:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Okay! Enough! Let’s vamoose!
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN RIDGE - NIGHT.
text: The gang scrabble up the bank to the woods. We follow BOB to where
text: CHARLEY waits with the gathered horses. BOB removes his mask with the
text: cut out eyes.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I was in top form tonight. Did you see me
dialog: roast that one gent for standing on his cash?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: No. I missed that. I was outside, y’see.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: He kind of skidded when he walked was how I
dialog: knew. And his wife, she was in a state, her
text: beady little eyes all squinched up.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Really took the cake, did she?
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Oh my, yes. Jesse's gonna be satisfied with
dialog: me.
scene_heading: EXT. NEARBY CORNFIELD - NIGHT.
text: JESSE’S horse prances impatiently as he removes a document from his
text: shirt and displays it for the assembled GANG:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: This here is a proclamation by the governor
dialog: of Missouri.
dialog: (beat, he glares for effect)
dialog: It mentions Glendale and how certain parties
text: confederated to steal what was on that train.
dialog: It goes on about the Winston shebang last
dialog: summer and then it says that the governor,
text: one Thomas T. Crittenden, is offering a
dialog: reward of five thousand dollars for the
dialog: arrest and delivery of Frank James or Jesse
dialog: James to the sheriff of Daviess County. It
dialog: goes on to offer a further reward of five
dialog: thousand dollars for our conviction of either
dialog: of these crimes. The governor has a regular
dialog: toothache over the James gang. My guess is
dialog: hhe‘ll agree to just about anything thing if
dialog: it‘ll make the pain go away.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you won’t none of you get away with
dialog: bargaining or making exchanges. I’ve got a
dialog: wife and two children I‘ve got to look out
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: You can trust me.
text: Jesse rocks back and gives himself over to a long thought before
dialog: replying:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I know I can, Ed.
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS CITY, OUTSKIRTS - NIGHT.
text: The JAMES the FORD BROTHERS and WOOD HITE ride into KANSAS CITY under a
text: cold rain that knuckles their hats and sinks their horses deep in the
dialog: mire.
scene_heading: INT. WOODLAND AVE. COTTAGE - NIGHT.
text: ZEE JAMES is asleep on the sofa. JESSE creaks open the kitchen door and
text: surprises her awake with a kiss.
scene_heading: INT. WOODLAND AVE. KITCHEN - NIGHT.
text: ZEE boils water.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I was at a cattle auction in Independence.
dialog: Had a good day too.
text: She doesn’t look up from the saucepan.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: So you’ve got money again?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Come out of it real satisfactory.
text: He jumps up from his chair and ganders out at the red barn. He can’t
dialog: sit still.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Guess who I ran into?
text: She gives JESSE a wifely look and removes a jar from the pantry shelf.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Buck, for one. Then Wood Hite and two coves
dialog: of his. They’re with the animals right now.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: They do satisfactory at the auction, too?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (grins)
dialog: About the most they ask is that they come out
dialog: of a swap meet with all their fingers and
dialog: toes.
text: He adjusts a dry hat on his head, and then, without justifying his
text: exit, heads out to the stables.
scene_heading: INT. BARN. WOODLAND AVE - NIGHT.
text: Coal-oil lanterns gladden the interior of the barn, but FRANK JAMES is
text: gloomy and glaring at the younger men’s slipshod management of their
text: horses. He sees JESSE appear at the Dutch door and grumpily seats
text: himself on a long bench, his legs wide, his fingers joined around a
text: yellow cigarette. The JAMES brothers do not speak.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN. WOODLAND AVE - NIGHT.
text: JESSE stands just inside the sloshing eave peering at his older brother
text: with melancholy. It’s a moment before he perceives that BOB FORD is
text: standing to his right.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You must’ve creeped up on cat’s paws.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'll wager that’s the first and last time
dialog: you'll ever be caught off-guard.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: How old are you, kid?
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Twenty. (beat) Except I won’t really be
text: twenty until January. (He scratches his
dialog: sleeve apologetically.) I’m nineteen.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You feel older than that though, don’t you?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yes, I do.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You enjoy yourself this evening?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I was strung too high for much pleasure.
text: JESSE seems to think this an appropriate remark.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Do you like tea?
scene_heading: INT. BARN. WOODLAND AVE. - LATER.
text: FRANK gathers two horse blankets and makes his way to an empty stall.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Do you think the sheriff's out already?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Generally is.
text: CHARLEY slinks over to the stall and watches as the grim man hangs his
dialog: coat.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I wasn’t just flapping my lips about my kid
dialog: brother and me. What I figured was if you and
dialog: Jesse could gauge our courage and daring, you
dialog: just might make us your regular sidekicks.
text: FRANK shoots him a look of umbrage as he spreads out a wool blanket on
dialog: the straw.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're beginning to sound like Bob.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I‘1l be square with you: it was Bob who put
dialog: me up to it. He’s got plans for the James
dialog: boys that I can’t even get the hang of,
dialog: they’re that complicated.
text: FRANK settles into repose, wrapping another horse blanket around him.
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You might as well forget everything about
dialog: that because there’1l be no more monkey
dialog: business after tonight. You can jot it down
dialog: in your diary: September seventh, eighteen
dialog: eighty-one; the James gang robbed one last
dialog: train at Blue Cut and gave up their
dialog: nightriding for good.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: How will you make your living?
text: FRANK is smoking a cigarette with his eyes shut.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maybe I’‘1l sell shoes.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND AVE. PORCH - NIGHT.
text: JESSE and BOB come out onto the porch with a candle and two cigars.
text: JESSE lowers into a rocker and BOB takes the mating chair. BOB bends
text: forward over the flame and lights his cigar.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I can’t believe I woke up this morning
dialog: wondering if my Daddy would loan me his
dialog: overcoat, and here it is just past midnight
dialog: and I’ve already robbed a railroad and I’m
text: sitting in a rocking chair chatting with none
dialog: other than Jesse James.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It‘s a wonderful world.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Have you ever heard outlaws call dollar bills
dialog: ‘Williams’? I read that in Morrison’s
dialog: Sensational Series. You see, Bill is a
dialog: nickname for William.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I see.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: You haven't heard anybody say it though?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Can’t say so.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You know what I’ve got right next to my bed?
dialog: The Trainrobbers, or a story of the James
dialog: Boys, by R. W. Stevens. Many’s the night I’ve
text: stayed up with my mouth open and my eyes
dialog: jumping out, reading about your escapades in
dialog: the wide Awake Library.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: They're all lies, you know.
dialog: 21°
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: ‘Course they are.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You don’t have to keep smoking that if it’s
dialog: making you bungey.
text: BOB is relieved. He reaches over the banister and drops the cigar ina
text: puddle. JESSE smiles:
speaker_heading: JESSE .
dialog: You know what Charley once told me about you?
dialog: He said you had a shoebox practically filled
dialog: with James boys mementoes.
text: BOB submerges his resentment.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: That must have been a couple of years ago.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Or maybe it was Bunny who did that.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You’re making sport of me, aren’t you.
text: JESSE catches BOB‘S wrist and puts a finger to his lips: A stooped MAN
text: with a lunchpail tramps through the rainmuck of the street.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Evening, Chas!
speaker_heading: CHAS
dialog: J.T,
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: They’ve got you working late again!
speaker_heading: CHAS:
text: James ,gang robbed another train.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You don‘t mean it!
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: If they put a posse together get me into it,
dialog: will ya?
text: The man crosses the street to his yard.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You really are the cool customer they make
dialog: you out to be. I’m impressed as all get-out.
text: JESSE seems suddenly glum.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’m a no good, Bob. I ain’t Jesus.
dialog: 22
text: JESSE gets up, goes back inside the bungalow, and closes the door.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND AVE. HOUSE - DAY
text: FRANK JAMES and family are assembled in traveling clothes around a
text: PHAETON CARRIAGE. ZEE hugs ANNIE RALSTON JAMES and then grasps 3 year-
text: old ROB to her bosom. FRANK receives her kiss like medicine, and then
text: turns to the backyard to see his younger brother angrily looking away.
scene_heading: INT. WOODLAND AVE. HOUSE - DAY
text: BOB watches from the Kitchen window as the Phaeton pulls away, then
text: drops his cup in the sink and heads out to the backyard.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND AVE. BACKYARD - DAY
text: JESSE sits in a rocker that is submerged to its seat in grass and -
dialog: weeds. Beat.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: My brother and me, we’re scarcely on speaking
dialog: terms these days.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I wasn’t going to mention it.
text: JESSE reaches into a tin under his chair and hauls up two writhing
text: snakes. BOB flinches. :
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You scared?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Just surprised a little.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: They aren't as succulent as I like and
dialog: they’re the devil to clean but if a man skins
text: them and fries them in garlic and oil -
dialog: mercy, it’s good eating.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’ve never been that hungry.
text: JESSE unfolds a four-inch knife and lifts the head of a snake on the
dialog: blade.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I give them names.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Such as?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Such as enemies. I give them the names of
dialog: enemies.
dialog: 23
text: ~~ He lays the snakes on the arm of his chair and carefully saws off their
text: heads with his knife. The bodies curl and thrash. He flicks the heads
text: into the grass.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Go tell Wood and Charley to get their
dialog: gatherings together.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Me too?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You can stay.
scene_heading: INT. BARN, WOODLAND AVE. - DAY.
text: The dismissal hits WOOD hard:
speaker_heading: wooD
dialog: I’m his cousin! My momma was his daddy’s--?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Sister.
speaker_heading: WwOooD
dialog: That’s right! So how come it’s me who has to
dialog: rattle his hocks out of town?
text: CHARLEY is already packing.
speaker_heading: = CHARLEY
dialog: “ If I know Jess, there’s some real nasty sad-
dialog: suzie work that’s got to be done around here
dialog: and Bob's the ninny that has to do it.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND AVE. BACKYARD - DAY
text: When they exit JESSE is at the compost crib, drooling the snake bodies
text: onto the mulch.
speaker_heading: JESSE '
dialog: Wood? You tell your daddy I’'1l be in Kentucky
dialog: in October and maybe we can hunt some birds
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: wooD
dialog: But how come it’s Bob who gets to stay?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Bob’s going to move my gear to a house down.
dialog: the street.
text: CHARLEY winks at his brother.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: See.
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I don’t mind,
dialog: (though of course he does)
dialog: Sounds like an adventure.
text: CHARLEY jumps up onto his mare and addresses JESSE:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: If you ever need me to make smoke someplace
dialog: again, a body can usually find-me at my
text: sister’s - over at the Harbison homestead.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’ll keep it in mind.
speaker_heading: wooD
dialog: You know where I’'1l be.
text: JESSE limps over to the bungalow.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It’s been pleasant.
text: At the porch door he gives BOB an exacting look which implies he’s
text: already beginning to suspect his own judgment.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You've got some packing to do, kid.
scene_heading: EXT. TROOST AVE. HOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: They moved to 1017 Troost Avenue at night so
dialog: that the neighborhood couldn't get a good
dialog: look at them or their belongings.
text: BOB is does all the lifting, JESSE provides direction.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: And then Bob thought Jesse would give him
text: eight hours sleep and a daydreaming goodbye;
scene_heading: INT. ROOST AVE. HOUSE - DAY '
text: The FAMILY are assembled around the dining table. BOB seems to be
dialog: hoping his continued presence wont be noticed.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT'D)
dialog: ~but with a second day in the J.T. Jackson
dialog: house, Bob thought he might never go but
dialog: might be brought in as a good-natured cousin
text: to the boy and a gentleman helper to Zee.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN, TROOST AVE. HOUSE - DAY
dialog: Action as per voice-over:
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
text: He curried the horse next to the horse that
dialog: Jesse curried.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH, TROOST AVE. HOUSE - DAY
dialog: Action as per voice-over:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT'D)
text: He smoked a cigar that matched the cigar that
text: Jesse smoked. They rocked in chairs on the
dialog: front porch-
scene_heading: INT. TOPEKA EXCHANGE SALOON - DAY
dialog: Action as per voice-over:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: -and made trips to the Topeka Exchange
dialog: saloon, where Jesse could spend nearly sixty
text: minutes sipping one glass of beer and still
dialog: complain about feeling tipsy.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BOB:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT'D)
dialog: Bob would rarely vouchsafe his opinions as
text: they talked. If spoken to, he would fidget
dialog: and grin;
scene_heading: EXT. TOPEKA EXCHANGE SALOON - DAY
text: JESSE chats with a man in the street. Move in on BOB.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: if Jesse palavered with another person, Bob
dialog: secretaried their dialogue, getting each
text: inflection, reading every gesture and tick,
dialog: as if he wanted to compose a biography of the
text: outlaw, or as if he were preparing an
dialog: impersonation.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSOURI RIVER - DUSK '
text: JESSE wades in the shallows with his trousers rolled.
text: BOB nannies TIM on the steep bank. A fire burns next to them.
text: JESSE sloshes up the cliff and looks down at the fishing lines.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Any nibbles?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Can't say I’ve felt even a twitch, Jess.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (cautions: )
dialog: Little rabbits have big ears, Bob.
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Dave. Could be it’s not night enough yet,
dialog: Dave.
text: JESSE turns to the boy:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You want to go play?
text: TIM slides down the weeds without saying, going down to the water his
text: father had walked in. JESSE unlids a mason jar and hands it to BOB. BOB
text: swallows, spilling beer on his chin.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Good?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Good as baby Jesus in velvet pants.
text: JESSE scowls at the blasphemy.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Your people God-fearing, Bob?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Oh heavenly days, yes. My daddy’s a part-time
dialog: preacher.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Rich or poor?
text: BOB thinks about it.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Prosperous, I guess. He could give me plenty
dialog: of money but he’s got this philosophy that
dialog: his boys ought to feel some hardships or else
dialog: they’1l spoil.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: A man of principles. '
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: People say that when really they only want to
dialog: make you unhappy.
text: TIM swats the river with a washed-up board. JESSE calls to him:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Don’t get yourself all soaked now you little
dialog: honyock.
text: JESSE starts putting on his socks and boots.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You ever hear any gossip about my father and
dialog: Frank’s being two different men?
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: They say that was the reason my papa went
dialog: West in the Gold Rush: he couldn’t support
dialog: the shame of it. What do you think of a story
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m more personally interested in what you
dialog: think of it.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: I think it’s a goddamned lie.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m with you then; and I won’t hear another
dialog: word on it if the subject ever comes up.
text: BOB removes his hat and scratches his head.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Since we're telling stories, have you heard
dialog: the one about the James gang robbing the
dialog: railroad?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You‘re not giving me enough clues.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It’s a funny story.
text: JESSE shakes his head and takes another drink.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You see, the James gang is robbing this
dialog: railroad train like you do, and on board is
dialog: this Quaker minister, some old coot with a
dialog: long beard and a mean disposition. He’s got
dialog: this pinched-up wife with him and she’s
text: shivering with fright and clutching his i
dialog: sleeve. You sure you haven't heard this? .
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I would have stopped you by now.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How’s it go? I’ve gotta get this right. Oh! I
dialog: guess it’s you: You stand in this railroad
dialog: coach and you holler, ‘I’m Jesse James! And
dialog: here’s what I‘m gonna do! I'm gonna grab all
dialog: your money. I’m gonna grab all your jewelry!
dialog: I‘m gonna grab everything you own! The
text: Ppreacher’s wife is cringing now, and cowering
dialog: behind the old coot and you say, ‘And then
dialog: I’m gonna go down the aisle and rape all you
dialog: women! ‘
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I don’t like the way this story’s headed.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Well, everyone knows it’s not true, Jess;
dialog: it’s just sort of comical. Anyway, the Quaker
dialog: ups and says, ‘Surely you wouldn’t rape a
dialog: preacher’s wife!’ And the wife gives him an
dialog: elbow and says, ‘Shut up, Homer! It’s Jesse's
dialog: train. Let him rob it the way he wants to.’
text: JESSE isn’t laughing.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You don’t think it’s funny?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well, hell, how could I if it isn’t true?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Jokes don’t need to be, Jesse.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You‘’re gonna have to explain why I oughta
dialog: laugh then.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Why don't we just forget it.
dialog: (then, scared:)
dialog: I didn’t mean to sound sharp just then.
text: JESSE adjusts his jacket sleeves.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I've got a story for you that’s true as a
dialog: razor. This’1l give you an example of putting
dialog: aman in his place, and it don’t depend upon
dialog: any prevaricating. Once me and Frank were
dialog: riding in the countryside and got hungry, so
dialog: we went up to this farmhouse and asked would
dialog: this widow lady make us some supper.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Oh, that one.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You've heard it?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Only about twenty times.
text: JESSE is as still as a shut-down machine.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’d love the chance to hear you tell it,
dialog: though. I imagine you’ll make it more
dialog: interesting.
dialog: 
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ‘I‘1l gladly pay you,’ I say, and she said
dialog: that was all right, we looked like genuine
dialog: Christians and she’d do us the good turn.
dialog: Kid, I want to tell you, that was one
text: scrumptious supper. She went all out. But
text: Frank saw she was crying and when he asked
dialog: why, she said the mortgage was coming due and
dialog: that the loan manager was going to be there
dialog: any minute to repossess the Place. And her a
dialog: poor Widow! Can you imagine? Well now, Frank
dialog: and me, we insist on paying her something;
dialog: and you know what we gave her?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Enough to pay off the mortgage.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You have heard this one.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: But no one ever said the supper was
dialog: scrumptious. This is fascinating.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: So we gave her what she needed and we go, and
dialog: on the highway who‘s coming our way but the
text: loan manager. He greets us but doesn’t give
dialog: Frank and me a second thought, he’s that
text: greedy to get hold of that farm. Much to his
dialog: surprise, of course, she paid him off and in
text: no time he was plodding along the road with
text: his wallet bulging his coat out and his grin
dialog: on a little tighter. And that’s when Frank
text: and me come out of the woods with masks on
dialog: and steal all our money back!
text: JESSE laughs uproariously, slapping his thigh like a Plowboy.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: And you're saying that’s a true story.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Is!
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Jesse!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (testy)
dialog: You calling me a liar?
text: TIM crawls back up from the river and plops down in his father’s lap.
text: He throws a rock and the river glunks.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Don't do that, son. You’1ll scare all the
dialog: fishes away.
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Daddy, I’m boring.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You mean, you're bored.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Yes.
text: JESSE hugs the boy to him:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Maybe a fish will come and get you all
dialog: excited.
speaker_heading: Tm
dialog: I don’t like fishing.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Sure you do. I do. You must.
text: The boy sinks into his father’s jacket. The river is the only noise.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You know what we are, Tim? We’re nighthawks.
dialog: We're the ones who go out at night and guard
dialog: everything so people can sleep in peace.
dialog: We’ve got our eyes peeled; no one’s going to
dialog: slip anything past us.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’ve got something!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It’s heavy!
text: JESSE sidles next to him and clearly struggles with the temptation to
text: seize the pole from BOB’S grip.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Don‘t horse it, kid. Bring it up easy.
text: BOB steps on the bamboo pole and hauls the weight up with both hands.
text: The catch is heaved onto the river bank: It's a gruesome fish, a
text: prehistoric thing that seems overdue for extinction. Round as a dog
text: with feelers that move like thumbs on its skull. TIM backs into his
text: father’s leg.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: God damn it, but that’s an ugly thing.
text: Its teeth mesh and unmesh with a click. Its gill wings undulate. Jesse
text: is disgusted.
dialog: 
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Kill him, kid.
text: BOB takes a burning stick from the fire and stabs it into the fish over
dialog: and over again.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: That's enough!
text: JESSE glares at BOB, as though he’s been given a sign and will now act
dialog: accordingly.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0O)
dialog: Bob was sent away the next day as he knew he
dialog: would be.
scene_heading: EXT. STORE, LIBERTY - DAY.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: And it was already noon by the time he
dialog: attained Liberty.
text: BOB waters his horse at a trough. He sinks a dipper into a water pail.
text: And, as he raises it, he catches sight of his reflection:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
text: Here, he viewed himself in a store window and
text: was discouraged by the reflection: A scroungy
text: boy in a ridiculous stovepipe hat. He thought
text: himself goofy and juvenile.
scene_heading: INT. STORE, LIBERTY ~ DAY.
text: BOB cruises the aisles: Prince Albert suits; greatcoats with caped
dialog: shoulders; knee length frock coats. Bowlers; derbies; fedoras; slouch
dialog: hats.
text: BOB selects a fine white shirt, white underwear and a heather green
text: suit. He crowns his head with a black bowler hat that is ribboned with
text: black silk.
text: The STORE OWNER totals the prices on a newspaper.
speaker_heading: STORE OWNER
dialog: You come into some money, is that?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You might say that.
speaker_heading: STORE OWNER
dialog: Do you mind if I ask how you got it, being’s
dialog: you‘re so young?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Only thing necessary is a great aunt who
dialog: loves her nephew to pieces.
speaker_heading: STORE OWNER
dialog: Inheritance. I see.
dialog: 32
text: BOB puts his finger on the twine intersection so the STORE OWNER can
dialog: make a knot.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You were probably thinking I got the cash
dialog: like the James gang would. Am I right or
dialog: wrong?
text: The STORE OWNER winks.
speaker_heading: STORE OWNER
dialog: Don’t think I don’t appreciate the business.
scene_heading: EXT. STORE, LIBERTY - DAY
text: BOB exits and mounts his horse. A moment later the STOREOWNER comes
text: out. He crosses the street to the livery and approaches SHERIFF JAMES
text: TIMBERLAKE. We can’t make out his words but he points in the direction
text: BOB has ridden in.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBISON FARM (AS SEEN FROM A DISTANCE) - DAY
text: BOB approaches on horseback.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, HARBISON FARM - DAY.
text: DICK LIDDIL is at the yard swing with Bob’s niece, IDA (12 years old),
text: twisting the seat until the ropes are raveled. He releases her and she
text: twirls, squealing, her auburn hair flying out.
text: WOOD HITE stands on the kitchen porch, stern as John the Baptist.
speaker_heading: WOOD
dialog: You’re gonna make her sick! She’s gonna
dialog: upchuck, you don’t watch out!
text: DICK cuffs the girl's dress so that it blooms and reveals her thighs.
speaker_heading: IDA
dialog: You’re not supposed to peek, Dick!
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: But you‘re so pretty! I can’t help myself!
text: BOB, approaching, calls:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Howdy!
text: But they ignore him. WOOD, jealous, slams the screen door shut.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DAY
text: BOB can be heard before he’s seen:
speaker_heading: BOB (OFF~SCREEN)
dialog: Howdy !
dialog: 33
text: Neither CHARLEY nor MARTHA BOLTON (BOB & CHARLEY’S SISTER) look up.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Howdy!
text: BOB enters, making a b-line for the staircase and his bedroom.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m finally home!
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: I'm real glad, Bob.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I’m in that room too, Bob. Don’t mess up my
dialog: things.
scene_heading: INT. 2° FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DAY.
text: BOB reaches under his bed and hooks out a shoe-box. He opens the lid
text: and lays it on the bed. From his pocket he removes a cigar butt and
text: wraps it in the eye-holed white handkerchief. He tucks this little
text: bundle into the box alongside about lurid nickel books about the James
text: gang, civil war photographs, yellowed newspaper articles, and other
text: James brothers’ mementoes. Then he squirms his boots off and strips out
dialog: of his month old clothes.
scene_heading: INT. HARBISON HOMESTEAD ~ DAY.
text: BOB comes downstairs in his filthy union suit. He carries a towel, a
text: cake of soap and a tile brush.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBISON FARM - DAY
text: Two calves stare with worry as BOB takes a bath in the broad water
text: tank. BOB bends over to rinse soap from his hair and then shakes water
text: like a hound. Then he notices an amused DICK LIDDIL standing as close
dialog: as a tailor.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How long you been there?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Just now arrived. Did I miss much?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Not unless you've never seen a man wash his
text: dirty carcass before.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You've got a big Pecker for being such a
dialog: little squirrel.
speaker_heading: BOB .
dialog: Is that what you come over here to see?
text: pack bends for the towel and some of the good nature slides from his
dialog: ace.
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Your brother said Jesse kept you in Kansas
dialog: City some extra days. What was the reason?
text: Bob rubs his hair wild.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Well, I’m not at liberty to say exactly. I
dialog: will confess we had an adventure or two, the
dialog: like of which you'll never experience, but as
dialog: for details and whatnot, that would be
dialog: confidential.
text: BOB straddles the tank and surrounds himself with the towel.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Let me ask you this: did Jesse mention that
dialog: me and Cummins were in cahoots?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Oh dear. I’ve went on and said too much.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Who else is partners with you two?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You'll just go and squawk about it to Jesse.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Ed Miller?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: He'll cut our throats if he finds out. You
dialog: don’t know him like I do. You do Jesse dirt,
dialog: you connive behind his back, he’ll come after
dialog: you with a cleaver.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: He can be spiteful, can he?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Ho. You're darn tootin’.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Don‘t see why he’d give a dang since he and
dialog: Frank‘ve called it quits and scattered the
dialog: James gang hither and yon.
text: DICK studies BOB but sees neither cunning nor deception.
dialog: 
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Boy, you really are as slow as peach mold,
dialog: you know that? Tucker Bassham’s already gone
dialog: for ten years and whiskyhead Ryan's in jail;
text: goon as one or the other feels the urge he
dialog: can give the government all he knows about
text: Jesse and then go out on the street scot-
dialog: free. Jesse don’t want us giving ourselves up
dialog: and he don’t want us getting caught and he
dialog: don’t want us gathering loot except if he’s
dialog: in charge.
text: BOB rolls his eyes in exasperation, then clutches the towel around him
text: and reaches down for his holster. DICK pins it with his boot.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Let me carry your six-gun for you, Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: All right.
text: They take no more than two strides towards the house before DICK has
text: insisted the revolver under the towel with the barrel against BOB’S
text: scrotum.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You and me, we horse around and josh each
dialog: other with lies and tomfoolery, but now and
dialog: then we need to get down to brass tacks.
dialog: Which is: you so much as mention my name to
dialog: Jesse, I'll find out about it, you better
dialog: believe that. And then I’1l look you up, I’11l
dialog: knock on your door, and I will be as mad as a
dialog: hornet, I will be hot.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You be careful with that iron.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You know where I stand on these matters and
dialog: that’s all there is to it. We can be friendly
dialog: as pigs from now on.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Could be I'll never see Jesse again.
text: DICK draws the screen door wide for Bob and then restricts it with his
text: shoulders as he pries his boots off with the bootjack.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Oh no. I’ve got a hunch about it. Jesse will
dialog: come courtin’ Ed and Jim and me, and he'll
text: find himself in the neighborhood and call on
dialog: them two Ford brothers. Jesse don’t miss
text: much. He has a sixth sense.
scene_heading: INT. MARTHA’S BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DAY
dialog: 36
text: BOB dresses in his new clothes, selected according to Jesse’s sartorial
dialog: preferences. But while these clothes might suit Jesse James they do not
text: particularly suit ROBERT FORD.
scene_heading: INT. 2° FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DAY.
text: BOB enters to find CHARLEY and WOOD rooting through his mementoes:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You two have some nerve!
text: BOB elbows them aside and begins repacking the shoe-box. Charlie holds
text: up a photograph.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: This ain’t Jesse.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You don’t know that.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Never wore no mustache; never was anywheres
text: near a cannon.
speaker_heading: wooD
dialog: I can’t even calculate what I’m lookin’ at.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Ever since he was a child, Bob‘s collected
dialog: whatsoever he could find about the James
dialog: brothers. Got himself a little museum in this
dialog: room,
text: BOB rams the nightstand’s door closed. He’s humiliated, angry, close to
dialog: tears:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Next time you snoop around up here you better
text: strap on a shootin’ iron.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: You can see how scared I am.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You too, Wood Hite. You cross me again and
dialog: I’11 put a bullet through your head.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Now is that any way to talk?
text: WOOD pokes BOB onto the bed.
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: WOOD
dialog: (sneers)
dialog: You better recollect who my cousin is. You
dialog: seem to’ve misremembered that Jesse loves me
dialog: like the Good Book. You can play like you’re
text: a dangerous person at the grocery store, but
dialog: don‘t you misremember who you'll be
dialog: accounting to if I so much as have my
dialog: feelings hurt.
speaker_heading: MARTHA (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Do I have to yell suwee?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Why don’t everyone make up and be pleasant
dialog: for once? Why don’t we pass the evening like
dialog: pleasant human beings?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DAY
text: DICK enters with his coat and bags. MARTHA kisses him on the lips and
text: whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Oh, Goodness! Maybe I’11 change my mind.
text: But then WOOD is behind him, jealously bumping him towards the door.
speaker_heading: WOOD
dialog: Come on.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBISON FARM - DAY
text: DICK and WOOD take mount their horses and wave goodbye to the FORDS.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE, SOUTHWEST KENTUCKY - DAY
text: They ride sullenly. WOOD reads a penny newspaper four inches from his
text: nose. DICK watches the geography sail by.
scene_heading: EXT. HITE PROPERTY, KENTUCKY - AFTERNOON
text: DICK and WOOD approach the HITE family home. Two EX-SLAVES thresh corn
text: in a field. A BLACK WOMAN pins laundry on a clothesline.
text: MRS SARAH HITE stands up from her weeding and excitedly waves. She’s
text: pert and pretty.
dialog: wood .
dialog: You keep your hands off this one. She’s my
dialog: Daddy's wife.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, HITE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT.
text: Dinner in silence: SARAH sits next to her ancient and emaciated
text: HUSBAND. The atmosphere is becoming strained, so DICK leans over his
dialog: pot roast:
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You cook this, ma’am?
text: She shakes her head:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I've got a nigger woman.
text: MAJOR GEORGE HITE raises an ear trumpet and inclines it towards his
dialog: wife:
scene_heading: MAJOR GEORGE HITE
dialog: How’s that?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Dick asked if I cooked this?
scene_heading: MAJOR GEORGE HITE
dialog: Did you?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No.
text: MAJOR GEORGE HITE picks up SARAH’S hand and displays it to the
text: assembled like a greeting card.
scene_heading: MAJOR GEORGE HITE
dialog: You boys ever seen such dainty nubbins?
dialog: Sarah‘s my plumb little Plumb.
text: He grins at her red-faced resentment. DICK looks at his knife and fork.
speaker_heading: wooD
dialog: She knew what he was like when she married
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH, HITE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT.
text: MRS SARAH HITE sits in a rocking chair with her needlework. DICK comes
text: out and leans on the porch rail. Finally, he says:
speaker_heading: DI
dialog: I guess we’re the night owls, you and me.
text: She simpers but does not look up.
dialog: I’m glad.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Oh? How come?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You have a real pleasant disposition; you're -
dialog: interesting to look at; and, I don’t know,
dialog: you sort of make me warm all over.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I’m what they call a worldling.
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well, I knew there had to be a name for it.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You and the Hite family don’t get along, if
dialog: I‘m to trust Wood and his version of the
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We hate each other like poison, if you want
dialog: to know the truth. Most of the Hites wouldn't
dialog: spit on me if I was on fire.
dialog: DICK grins:
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: They say when a woman catches fire you're
text: supposed to roll her around on the ground and
dialog: cover her with your body.
text: Sarah laughs and clamps her mouth.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You naughty tease! You tickle me to such an
dialog: extent that my cheeks are burning up.
text: WOOD appears at the screen door, scowling, in his night shirt.
speaker_heading: wooD
dialog: Isn’t it about bedtime?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I‘1l just kiss those dainty nubbins.
text: And, as he does so, SARAH giggles.
scene_heading: INT. HITE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT.
text: DICK follows WOOD up to the second floor bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, HITE HOMESTEAD - LATER.
text: DICK is tucked under the bedsheet. He whacks his pillow. He rustles and
text: stirs.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I drank too much coffee.
text: He sits up to see WOOD glaring at him from the bunk opposite.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I need to visit the privy something terrible.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, HITE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT.
text: DICK sneaks down to the master bedroom and pushes the door inward.
speaker_heading: DICK‘S POV:
dialog: 40
text: MAJOR GEORGE HITE is alone in the bed, puttering a snore.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH, HITE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT.
text: DICK exits, careful not to let the screen door clap behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. LAWN, HITE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT.
text: He crosses the lawn to the outhouse in back: An interior candlelight
text: can be seen through each severance and crack. DICK looks around him and
text: then slips inside.
scene_heading: INT. OUTHOUSE, HITE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT.
text: SARAH sits with her dress hiked up and collected like laundry. Her eyes
text: are downcast, but she seems less shocked than amused:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: This is embarrassing.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You go ahead and do your duty; I don’t mind.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well now, I’ve sort of got stage fright with
text: a strange man in the commode with me.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You look awful pretty.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Do I?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I’ve never seen such well-shaped limbs.
text: She glances fleetingly at the bent pronouncement at his crotch.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Is Wood awake?
speaker_heading: DICK '
dialog: Just me. .
text: She considers her knees for a moment and then blows out the candle.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I bet you thought I was a lady.
scene_heading: EXT. LAWN, HITE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT.
text: DICK exits the outhouse and crosses toward the porch. He has his Navy
text: Colt revolver clutched in his right hand.
text: A gunshot is heard - A noise like the snare of a saw cuts the air near
text: DICK’S ear - and a chunk of gray bark explodes from the broad ash tree
text: behind him. Dick ducks behind it.
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Wood?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You’re making this more grievous than you
dialog: oughta, Wood.
text: He cocks his Navy Colt with quavering hands.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Can’t we talk about it?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I'll shoot! So help me, I’m scared enough to
dialog: be real undependable with this Colt.
text: DICK bends out and WOOD fires a second time.
text: DICK ducks in reaction but sees WOOD'S flash in the foliage.
text: DICK raises his gun and fires once. He then snaps the hammer into three
text: detonated cartridges. Panic.
text: He turns and sees the MAJOR GEORGE HITE and the SERVANTS assembling
text: behind the screen door.
text: He runs clumsily toward them.
text: WOOD shoots at his back twice - missing both times.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH, HITE HOMESTEAD - NIGHT.
text: DICK trips on the stairs and wallops into a slide across the porch.
text: MAJOR GEORGE HITE steps out and Hollers at his son:
scene_heading: MAJOR GEORGE HITE
dialog: Here now! Stop this! Wood! I won’t have any
dialog: gunplay on my property! I’ve told you a
dialog: thousand times.
text: WOOD answers with a shot - nailing a dark hole in the windowsill. MAJOR
text: GEORGE HITE stamps and yells:
scene_heading: MAJOR GEORGE HITE
dialog: Wood! You listen to me! No more!
text: WOOD steps out, looks down at his revolver, and clicks the chamber
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: woOoD
dialog: That was my last bullet anyways. Something
dialog: must be wrong with the sight on this thing.
text: MAJOR GEORGE HITE looks down at the cowering DICK:
dialog: 42
scene_heading: MAJOR GEORGE HITE
dialog: What‘s the reason for this ruckus? Huh?
text: DICK sees SARAH slink over to her husband. He rises.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Me and Wood, we just had a misunderstanding,
dialog: is all.
scene_heading: MAJOR GEORGE HITE
dialog: You know what? You've worn out your welcome,
dialog: young fellow.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. ED MILLER’S CABIN - DUSK
text: ED MILLER at the screen-door with a gun in his hand and fright in his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: You come by for a visit?
speaker_heading: JESSE (0/S)
dialog: You going to let me in or do I have to talk
dialog: through the screen?
scene_heading: INT. ED MILLER’S CABIN - CONTINUOUS
text: JESSE enters. The room is a mess: Mold crusted dishes stacked on the
text: kitchen table; newspapers shucked like .corn against the couch; a chair
text: a cat on the kitchen cutting board licking something from
dialog: tipped over;
dialog: the sink.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You aren’t much of a housekeeper, are you?
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: You didn’t just happen by.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Why not? !
text: JESSE looks at the gun and MILLER puts it on the kitchen table.
text: JESSE sits himself down on the ringed rug. He nods toward the sagging
dialog: couch:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Go ahead and take a load off your feet.
text: MILLER does as instructed. His clothes are wrinkled as crumpled paper,
text: his fingernails are outlined with filth, a corner of his mouth is
text: stained with tobacco juice.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You ought to get yourself a wife.
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: I was going to ask Martha - Charley's sister?
dialog: I was going to ask her if she could imagine
dialog: it, but I guess Wood has plans of his own,
dialog: and there's always Dick Liddil getting in the
dialog: way. I've give it some thought.
text: MILLER can't seem to put his eyes on JESSE. His right foot rapidly taps
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Your crops in?
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: Don’t got much. A garden patch and pasture. I
dialog: was sick at planting time.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: How you feeling now?
text: A fleeting glance at JESSE:
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You‘re acting queer.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: You and me, we haven't been just real good
dialog: friends lately. It’s not your fault, you
dialog: understand. You hear talk though.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Talk?
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: People tell you things.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Give me an example.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: ED MILLER :
dialog: Jim Cummins come by. Oh and Jim says - you
dialog: know those boys got caught for the Blue Cut
dialog: deal? - Jim says he got word - don’t ask me
dialog: where - that you’re planning to kill them.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Why would I do that?
text: MILLER shoots a glance at JESSE’S gun hand and then reestablishes his
text: gaze on the yard.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: It’s just talk probably.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: To shut ‘em up?
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: Just talk.
speaker_heading: . JESSE
dialog: Cummins say anything else?
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: Nope. That was it basically.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It don‘t explain why you're scared.
text: MILLER looks at him with watery eyes and spit on his mouth, light
text: glinting off the oils on his skin.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: I’m in the same position, you see? I was
dialog: petrified when I saw you ride up!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I just happened by, Ed.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: Suppose you heard gossip though. Suppose you
dialog: heard Jim Cummins come by here. You might've
dialog: thought we were planning to capture you or
dialog: Frank and get that reward. Isn't true, but
dialog: you might've suspected it.
text: JESSE gets up and jiggles a pants leg over his boot.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Haven't heard a lick of gossip lately.
text: JESSE looks out at the road and at the sky which is pink with sunset.
text: The road he looks down seems never-ending.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’m glad I happened by.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I want to put your mind at rest.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: I’ve got six hundred dollars stashed away; I
dialog: don‘t need any governor’s reward.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It’s the principle of the thing too.
text: MILLER pulls himself to his feet and sweeps his hand over a plate to
text: shoo away flies.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: How about if we go for a ride? I could buy
dialog: you something to eat in town and then be on
dialog: my way.
scene_heading: EXT. ED MILLER’S CABIN - NIGHT
text: MILLER saddles his mare as JESSE sits on a gelding with the night
text: falling all around him.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD, SALINE COUNTY - NIGHT
text: They head westerly, the horses easing into a graceful lope and then
text: into a walk.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You ever count the stars?
text: MILLER looks overhead at the pinpricks of light.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I can’t ever get the same number; they keep
dialog: changing on me.
speaker_heading: ED MILLER
dialog: I don’t even know what a star is exactly.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Your body knows; it’s your mind that forgot.
text: MILLER can’t get himself to say anything. JESSE pretends a problem with
text: his cinch, slows his horse.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You go on ahead, partner. I'll catch up.
text: MILLER slumps in his saddle, tears forming in his eyes. JESSE gentles
text: his gun from the leather holster and then jogs his horse ahead. MILLER
text: stops on the road but can’t persuade himself to drop a hand to his
dialog: pistol or even to turn around.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: {rounding him)
dialog: You ought to get better at lying.
text: JESSE trips the hammer and a cartridge ball pounds into MILLER’S cheek,
text: snaps his head to the side and propels his body off the mare so that he
text: wallops onto the road. JESSE gets off his horse and tugs at ED MILLER‘S
text: legs, towing the body towards a cluster of Elm trees.
scene_heading: EXT. PADDOCK - DAY
text: ED MILLER'S MARE browsing riderless in a paddock:
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: The sitting room conversations were all about
dialog: Blue Cut that week: the Kansas City
dialog: newspapers carried front-page articles about
text: the arrests of Jobn Bugler, John Land, and
text: Creed Chapman in shacks near Glendale. Creed
dialog: Chapman would lose forty-two pounds while
dialog: imprisoned and John Land was rumored to be so
text: apprehensive about reprisal by Jesse James
dialog: that he refused to even mention the man’s
dialog: name.
scene_heading: INT. DICK’S BEDROOM, KANSAS CITY - NIGHT.
text: DICK doesn’t know what wakes him. He looks from his sleeping wife
text: (MATTIE) to the light spilling through the bedroom doorway. He seems
text: transfixed by it. A sound begins to build. Hairs stand up on the back
text: of bis neck. He retrieves his Navy Colt from under his pillow and
text: slides quietly out of bed.
scene_heading: INT. DICK'S KITCHEN, KANSAS CITY - NIGHT.
text: DICK enters and almost screams:
text: JESSE JAMES sits like an apparition at his kitchen table.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You want to go for a ride?
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD, OUTSIDE KANSAS CITY - DAWN.
text: They head their horses through the cold. DICK is suspicious and
text: unnerved.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Are we going to your place?
text: JESSE puts his finger inside his cheek and flicks out the last of his
dialog: tobacco chew.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You seen Ed Miller lately?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Nobody has.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Must’ve gone off to California.
text: DICK looks at him with perplexity.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I got word about you and Wood. You ought to
dialog: patch things up.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I‘d still like to know where we’re going.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: If you were going to see Jim Cummins,
dialog: wouldn’t you follow this road?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Goddamn it, Dick; use your head.
scene_heading: EXT. BILL FORD’S FARM (ESTABLISHING) - DAY
text: JESSE and DICK approach the farmhouse.
scene_heading: INT. BILL FORD’S FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: A 12-year-old boy (ALBERT FORD) stands at the sitting room window and
text: watches the two men climb down from their saddles.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH, BILL FORD'S FARMHOUSE ~ DAY.
text: The boy creaks open the door and comes outside:
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Hello.
text: But he’s ignored as JESSE reconnoiters the yard and then gravely
text: ascends the steps. DICK can see past the nervous ALBERT to the kitchen
text: where TWO WOMEN stir clothes in a laundry boiler. JESSE peers into the
dialog: other rooms.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Are you friends of my Pa’s?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: We're friends of Jim Cummins.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Oh.
text: ALBERT gains thirty years - becomes sullen.
speaker_heading: ‘ALBERT
dialog: Well, it so happens he’s been gone since
dialog: August and never said where he gone to.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I’m Matt Collins.
text: DICK shakes the boy’s hand.
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Very happy to meet you.
text: JESSE clenches the boy’s hand and introduces himself.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Dick Turpin.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: Pleased to make your acquaintance.
text: JESSE smiles around the cigar but stalls the shake and crushes ALBERT’S
text: hand until the boy winces. ALBERT is about to cry out when JESSE clamps
text: his hand over the boy’s mouth and yanks him into the yard. DICK softly
text: shuts the mahogany door.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, BILL FORD‘S FARM - DAY
text: JESSE manhandles the boy toward a red barn stopping to slam ALBERT into
text: a cottonwood tree so that he loses his wind. DICK shambles after them,
text: looking apprehensive and ashamed, checking the road.
scene_heading: INT. BARN, BILL FORD’S FARM - DAY
text: JESSE throws the boy to the ground and steps a boot onto his throat.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Come on, Jesse! He’s just a kid.
text: JESSE glowers at DICK for letting his name slip, then returns his
text: attention to the choking boy.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: He knows where his uncle Jim is and that’s
dialog: gonna make him old pretty soon.
text: ALBERT brawls and kicks at JESSE.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Maybe he doesn’t know.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: He knows.
text: JESSE falls to his knees on the boy’s biceps. ALBERT cries out. JESSE
text: clamps the boy’s mouth shut.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You need to ask and ask sometimes. Sometimes
dialog: a child won't remember much at first and then
dialog: it‘1l all come back. Just tell me about your
dialog: Uncle Jim is. Where’d he sneak off to;
dialog: where's he hidin’ out?
text: He twists the boy’s ear like a clock wind-up and ALBERT’S body racks
text: wildly, his boots thud the earth. JESSE leans over to examine the
dialog: injury.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: My gosh, I believe it’s about to tear,
dialog: sweetie. Just a little more to get her
dialog: started, then I can rip your ear off like a
text: page from a book.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Let the kid go.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: JESSE
text: He’s lying.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Jesus; he can’t even talk!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Where's Jim? (beat) Where’s Jim? Where's Jim?
dialog: Where's Jim?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: (slapping JESSE'S hat off his head)
dialog: Quit it!
text: JESSE sits back and rubs his hands on his thighs. ALBERT weeps but
text: can’t make words. He wipes his nose and eyes and shudders with sobs as
text: he gasps for air. When at last he speaks his voice is scaled like a
dialog: child's:
speaker_heading: ALBERT
dialog: You bastard! I don’t know where he is and you
dialog: won't believe me and you never even gave me a
dialog: chance. You kept my mouth shut! I never know
dialog: where Jim is or when he comes so leave me
dialog: alone, get off me, you son of a bitch!
text: (grunts and bucks under JESSE and
dialog: shouts: }
dialog: Get off!
text: JESSE rises and ALBERT rolls over crying. DICK walks out in disgust.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, BILL FORD'S FARM - DAY
text: DICK walks around the barn to the road, his face splotched crimson with
text: fury. He climbs onto his mount.
text: When JESSE comes forward, DICK looks away; squints down the road in
dialog: order to talk.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I‘m worn out Jesse. I cant- My mind’s all
dialog: tangled anyway. Little deals like that just
dialog: make me feel dirty.
text: DICK turns to gauge JESSE’S reaction to this and is astonished to see
text: him caved forward into his bay horse, his face flattened into its mane
text: in a grimace of affliction, noiselessly crying.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You all right, Jesse?
text: JESSE nuzzles into the horse’s hide and mutters words we can’t make
dialog: out.
text: ALBERT limps toward the Ford house, cupping his left ear and wiping his
text: nose with his sleeve.
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Maybe you better ride on to wherever it is
dialog: you're living now, and maybe I'll sell this
text: animal and skeedaddle on over to Mrs.
dialog: Bolton's and, you know, apologize to the
dialog: Fords; put everything in it’s best light and
dialog: so on.
text: JESSE scrubs at his eyes. He fumbles his left boot at the stirrup until
text: at last it finds purchase and he swings up.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I must be going crazy.
text: And he rides off without another word.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. HARBISON FARM - MORNING.
text: WOOD HITE approaches through the arctic wind. His moustache is jeweled
text: with ice. Snow has made boards of his trousers and sleeves.
text: He sees ELIAS FORD (BOB & CHARLEY’S ELDER BROTHER) in the distance;
text: throwing up his arm in greeting and pointing him toward the stables.
scene_heading: INT. BARN, HARBISON FARM ~ MORNING.
text: WOOD walks his horse inside a stall and throws a moth eaten blanket
text: over it.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, HARBISON FARM - MORNING.
text: WOOD walks to the kitchen with WILBUR, who's teetering with a milkcan.
text: (WILBUR is another FORD BROTHER, in between BOB and CHARLEY)
speaker_heading: wooD
dialog: How come it’s always you who does the chores?
speaker_heading: WILBUR
dialog: Charley and Bob pay extree to Martha so’s
dialog: they don’t have to.
speaker_heading: wooD
dialog: Still don’t seem fair.
speaker_heading: WILBUR
dialog: Well.
text: WILBUR opens the storm door for the man and bangs the milk can inside.
speaker_heading: WILBUR
dialog: I‘d take a rag to my nose if I were you; it’s
dialog: unsightly.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - MORNING.
dialog: 31
text: MARTHA kneads bread dough on a floured board. IDA stirs a kettle,
text: yawning. WILBUR straddles a chair and MARTHA turns to see WOOD thawing
text: his right ear over the coal lamp's glass chimey.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Look what the cat dragged in.
text: He rotates his ear to thaw the left ear.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: You come from Kentucky?
text: WOOD squints at her:
speaker_heading: WOOD
dialog: You mean the news never got this far?
speaker_heading: WILBUR
dialog: Wood and Dick had a shooting scrape a month
dialog: or two ago.
scene_heading: INT. 2" FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD — MORNING.
text: BOB is awake upstairs. The North window is raised and the room is so
text: cold spirits leave him with each exhalation. The sounds of breakfast
dialog: being prepared below:
speaker_heading: MARTHA (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Cover the kettle, Ida.
text: Then he hears his sister say:
speaker_heading: MARTHA (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: What on earth did you and Dick get into a
dialog: fracas about?
text: And he bolts out of bed. He scoots his hand under DICK’S pillow and
dialog: shakes him:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Dick!
text: LIDDIL automatically reaches for the colt revolver but finds it
text: trapped. He looks at BOB’S worried face.
speaker_heading: BOB
text: Wood Hite’s downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - MORNING.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: I-da! Don’t stick your thumb in the cream
dialog: when you skim it! Goodness sakes!
speaker_heading: WILBUR
dialog: Dick told me a complete other version of that
dialog: affray.
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: woOD
dialog: You mean he’s here?
speaker_heading: WILBUR
dialog: Came in late last night.
text: WOOD'S chair screeches on the floor as he stands up.
speaker_heading: WILBUR
dialog: Simmer down.
scene_heading: INT. 2" FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - MORNING.
text: DICK cocks his Navy Colt and points it at the closed door. BOB extracts
text: a loaded revolver from CHARLEY’S holster.
speaker_heading: MARTHA (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Don’t you boys get into a fracas up there.
dialog: I’ve almost got breakfast cooked.
text: They listen as WOOD makes a racket on the stairs.
text: WOOD slams the bedroom door with his boot so that it bashes the wall
text: and CHARLEY jolts up.
text: DICK fires a shot, missing WOOD and smashing a hole in the doorjamb.
text: WOOD fires at DICK strewing pillow feathers, and fires a second time as
text: DICK rolls off the mattress.
text: A terrified BOB cowers next to his bed and clicks back the hammer of
dialog: his revolver.
text: WOOD fires a shot through DICK’S thigh; swatting the floorboards and
text: bed sheets with blood.
text: DICK triggers a shot that snags WOOD’S right arm.
text: CHARLEY gets out of bed and dives for the windowsill, squirming under
dialog: the sash.
text: WOOD shoots at CHARLEY but misses.
scene_heading: ext.’ ROOF, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - MORNING
text: CHARLEY slips on the eave and slides off the roof and whumps into a
text: snowbank twelve feet below.
scene_heading: INT. 2” FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - MORNING.
text: DICK, in agony, raises his Navy Colt again but the hammer snaps against
text: an empty chamber.
text: WOOD then switches his pistol to his left hand, steps forward, and
text: takes slow and careful aim at DICK.
text: It is then that BOB FORD shoots ROBERT WOODSON HITE: The round goes in
text: just next to his eyebrow and makes a small button of red carnage that
text: shuts WOOD'S motor off. wooD collapses to his knees, his brown eyes
dialog: 33
text: jelly and reason vanishes, and then he falls to the left with a
text: concussion that jostles the room.
text: DICK looks at BOB with consternation.
text: BOB walks around to WOOD with sickness in his stomach, an apricot in
text: his throat.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Is he dead?
text: BOB is deafened by the gunfire:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Is he dead?
text: WOOD'S chest swells and relaxes. Blood pools wide as a birdbath under
text: his skull.
speaker_heading: BOB
text: He’s still sucking air, but I think he’s a
dialog: goner.
scene_heading: INT. 2" FLOOR CORRIDOOR, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - MORNING.
text: BOB steps shakily out into the corridor and looks down at MARTHA and
text: ELIAS at the bottom of the stairs.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (holding it together)
dialog: Maybe you oughta come up and wish him well on
dialog: his journey.
text: Blood creeps away from WOOD and drools into board cracks. BOB stares at
text: it as the stairs creak.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (little boy lost)
text: He’s losing all his stuffing.
dialog: '
scene_heading: INT. 2 FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - MORNING.
text: MARTHA bumps past BOB, removes her apron, and carefully wads it under
text: the exit wound. ELIAS squats next to her.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: You were a good fellow, Wood. You talked
dialog: kindly and you took care of your horse and
dialog: you always pulled your own weight.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: I hope the pain isn’t frightful, Wood. I'd
dialog: fetch something for you to drink but I’m
dialog: afraid it’d just make you choke.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 54
dialog: Little Ida‘’s going to miss you. So isthe
dialog: rest of the family.
text: DICK collars his thigh with his hands.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Hitch my leg up onto the bed so that it won’t
dialog: dispense so easy.
text: He grits his teeth when ELIAS grips his ankle and sags back with a moan
text: when ELIAS lifts it onto the mattress.
text: BOB steps into the room and stands over WOOD.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Just in case you never noticed. It was me who
dialog: shot you. I don't harbor any ill feelings
dialog: toward you, I was just scared and looking out
dialog: for my own well-being.
text: A finger ticks on WOOD’S left hand and BOB jumps back an inch before
text: recovering his composure.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You‘ve done a gallant job of dying so far and
dialog: have nothing whatsoever to be ashamed about.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOON.
text: CHARLIE sits with his foot propped up on a chair, his sprained ankle as
text: round as a melon.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: One thing’s settled: can’t take him into
dialog: Richmond.
speaker_heading: WILBUR
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: One: the sheriff will put Bob in jail. And
dialog: two: Jesse will find out his cousin Wood's
dialog: been shot in our house and that'll be the end
dialog: for each and every one of us.
text: IDA comes inside from the root cellar with vegetable jars. She turns to
text: her weeping mother.
speaker_heading: IDA
dialog: Does Uncle Bob like okra, Momma?
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Can’t you see him standing there? Why don’t
dialog: you find out for yourself?
text: BOB loiters with the shell of the bullet, sniffing the burned gunpowder
dialog: in it.
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: She's afraid of me, Martha.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: You all are.
scene_heading: INT. 2" FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DUSK.
text: WOOD'S corpse, now naked, is laid out on BOB’S twin bed. DICK’S lips
text: move as he reads a yellow book. BOB enters. DICK doesn’t raise his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: He ain't disappeared if that’s what you were
dialog: hoping.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What chapter are you on?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: She’s seen some young swell and got herself
text: all agitated.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How's your leg?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Full of torment, Bob. Thanks for asking.
text: BOB sets his tin plate down and lowers himself onto DICK’S bed. He
text: examines the excavation in WOOD'S skull.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I ought to feel sorry but I don’t. I’m just
dialog: glad it’s Wood who's dead and not me.
text: DICK closes the book on his index finger. He looks at BOB.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You and me, we'll have to sit down and talk a
dialog: few things over. Circumstances have changed.
dialog: (nods to WOOD)
dialog: He’1l cut our throats, if he finds out. You
dialog: don’t know Jesse like I do. He‘ll kill us in
dialog: our sleep.
text: BOB sighs; the gravity of his situation sinking in on him. Then ELIAS
text: is standing in the doorway with a moth eaten blanket.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Ready?
scene_heading: INT. HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DUSK.
text: ELIAS and BOB tow the body down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DUSK.
text: CHARLEY and WILBUR solemly rise from their chairs as WOOD is carried
text: out. IDA covers her face with her palms and MARTHA turns to the stove.
dialog: 56
scene_heading: EXT. HARBISON FARM - DUSK.
text: Snow falls around BOB and ELIAS as they struggle with their cumbersome
dialog: load.
scene_heading: EXT. RAVINE, HARBISON FARM - DUSK.
text: WOOD'S naked body is rolled into a snow filled ravine. The brothers
text: begin kick clods of earth down onto the body.
speaker_heading: ELIAS (OVER)
dialog: Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is
dialog: the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they that
dialog: mourn: for they shall be comforted.
scene_heading: EXT, SLOPE ABOVE RAVINE, HARBISON FARM — LATER.
text: ELIAS stands with hat at his chest, petitioning BOB with his eyes.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Meek.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Blessed are the meek..
text: ELIAS pauses and beseeches his brother again.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: For they shall inherit the earth.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: INT, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DUSK.
text: BOB sits, spooked, in the living room. The clock clunks. A candle blows
dialog: out.
text: BOB turns to lock eyes with an apparition at the windowglass: Its JESSE
text: receding back into the darkness.
text: And then suddenly JESSE is filling up the kitchen, as large and as loud
text: as a beer wagon: Rowdily swatting shoulders and biceps, receiving the
text: other FORD BROTHER'S handshakes.
text: BOB scuttles up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. 2 FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DUSK.
text: DICK is already hopping one-leggedly toward the closet.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Why‘d he come by, Dick? Does he know about
dialog: Wood, do you think?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I can’t figure it, Bob. I only know that he
dialog: doesn’t miss very much.
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What should I say about you if he asks?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Just tell him I’m in K.C. with Mattie.
text: Dick swaddles himself in yanked-down petticoats and crinolines as BOB
text: closes the closet door.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - SOON AFTER.
text: BOB shies into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Why, it’s the kid!
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How's everything?
text: JESSE ignores question and takes off his hat and coat. No one talks as
text: JESSE moves - it’s as if his acts are miracles of invention wondrous to
dialog: behold.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I never take off my gunbelt.
speaker_heading: WILBUR
dialog: Good thinking.
text: JESSE walks back to his coffee and CHARLEY hitches aside.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Hurt your leg?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
text: I slipped off the roof and smacked down into
text: a snowbank like a ton of stupidness. One
dialog: second I’m screaming, ‘Whoa, Nelly!’ and the
dialog: next second, poof! I’m neck deep in snow.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: The roof? Whatever possessed you to climb the
dialog: roof in December? :
text: CHARLEY loses his smile and sees the criticism in BOB’S expression.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: There was a kite- what am I saying? There was
text: a cat. A cat was on the roof and I went after
dialog: him. A tom cat. Yowling and whatall; and I
dialog: slipped.
text: CHARLIE rubs his eye and coughs into his fist.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I thought maybe your clubfoot was gaining on
dialog: ya.
dialog: 58
text: WILBUR and CHARLEY guffaw as if this is funny. MARTHA carries a bowl of
text: ham hocks to the table.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Dick was here for a little bit and then he
text: went on to Kansas City to be with his wife.
text: JESSE gives BOB a look and then pretends he hasn’‘t heard. He begins to
text: tickle IDA’S side and stomach, saying ‘Kootchy Kootch’ until the girl
text: is sore with giggles, and the fun is over.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Oh, quit it, you two.
text: CHARLEY casts about anxiously for something to say.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Here’s a cute story, Jess. Bobby was - what -—
dialog: eleven or twelve? And you were by far his
dialog: most admired personage. He couldn’t get
dialog: enough. He practically ate those newspaper
dialog: stories up. It was Jesse this, Jesse that,
dialog: “* from sunrise to sunset.
speaker_heading: JESSE
text: Fascinating.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: No; there’s more. This is cute. We're at
dialog: Supper and Bob asks, ‘You know what size boot
dialog: Jesse wears?’
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Jesse doesn’t care about this, Charley.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Shush now, Bob. Let me tell it. Bob says, he
dialog: says ‘You know what size boot Jesse wears?
dialog: Six and a half,’ He says, ‘Ain’t that a
dialog: little boot for a man five feet eight inches
dialog: tall?’ Well, I decide to josh hima little,
dialog: you know, so I said, ‘He doesn’t have toes, '
dialog: is why.’ .
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Really stupid.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
text: Then my momma pipes up and says, ‘He what?’
dialog: and I’m not letting on. I say, ‘He was
text: dangling his feet off a culvert and a catfish
dialog: nibbled his toes off.‘ Well, Bob taxed
text: himself trying to picture it until Momma let
dialog: on that I was playing him the fool. And Bob
dialog: says ~ I want to get this right. What was it
dialog: exactly you said, Bob?
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: I said, ‘If they’d been catfish he'd a
text: drilled them with his forty-four.’
text: CHARLEY laughs and claps his hands.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Yep, that’s the exact words, exactly!
text: Jesse looks at BOB without comment.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It'd be a good joke if it was funny.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: You've got to picture it though. Bob saying
dialog: you would‘ve shot them catfish, then smiling
text: in every direction, real satisfied with
dialog: himself. Oh! And you know what he said next?
dialog: He said, ‘You need your toes.’
speaker_heading: WILBUR - ~
dialog: How'd I miss this? Where was I?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: You need your toes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ‘Course you do.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Isn’t that a cute story?
text: JESSE suppresses his opinion. He regards BOB in a way that implies the
text: sight is disappointing. He skewers a cigar with the tine of his fork.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Give me some other conversations, Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (reluctant) '
dialog: You know how children are. :
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It‘d be cheery to hear what you fancied about
dialog: me. It might make me laugh and forget my
dialog: cares and woes.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I can‘t recall much of any consequence.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I got one. This one’s about as crackerjack as
dialog: the one about your toes.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Which?
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: About how much you and Jesse have in common.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Why don’t you tell it, Bob; if you remember.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Well, if you'll pardon my saying so, it is
dialog: interesting, the many ways you and I overlap
dialog: and whatnot. You begin with our Daddies. Your
dialog: daddy was a pastor of the New Hope Baptist
dialog: Church; my daddy was pastor of a church at
dialog: Excelsior Springs. You're the youngest of the
dialog: three James boys; I’m the youngest of the
dialog: five Ford boys. You had twins as sons, I have
dialog: twins as sisters. Between Charley and me, is
dialog: another brother, Wilbur here (with six
dialog: letters in his name); between Frank and you
dialog: was a brother, Robert, also with six letters.
dialog: Robert, of course, is my Christian name. You
dialog: have blue eyes; I have blue eyes. You're five
dialog: feet eight inches tall. I’m five feet eight
dialog: inches tall. Oh.me, I must’ve had a list as
dialog: long as your nightshirt when I was twelve,
dialog: but I’ve lost some curiosities over the
dialog: years.
text: JESSE is as still as a photograph. Smoke spirals from his cigar in a
text: line and then squiggles above him like sloppy handwriting; but his eyes
text: are active, cagey, calculating. He comes carefully to life and taps
text: ashes into his coffee cup.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Did I ever mention that scalawag George
dialog: Shepherd to y’all?
text: He reaches over and grips BOB’S forearm in apology while saying:
speaker_heading: JESSE (CONT’D)
dialog: George was one of Quantrill’s lieutenants and
dialog: he gave me a story like Bob’s, is why I
dialog: thought of him, giving me everything we had
dialog: in common and so on, just so he could join
dialog: the gang. How could I know he had a grudge
dialog: against me and was lying to get on my good
dialog: side? I said ‘Come aboard, George. Glad to
dialog: have ya,’ George thought he was pretty smart.
dialog: ‘Cept he wasn’t. He rode into camp one
text: morning and about twenty guns opened up on
dialog: him. But he only had one eye - and you need
text: two eyes to get Jesse.
text: BOB and WILBUR laugh for a suitable period of time, and JESSE laughs
text: until tears come out of his eyes.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You oughtn’t think of me like you do George
dialog: Shepherd.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You just brought him to mind.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It’s not very flattering.
text: MARTHA waitresses around them collecting cups and saucers.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Good eating, Martha.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Glad you liked it.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How come George had a grudge against you?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Hmm?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You said George Shepherd had a grudge against
dialog: you and I’ve just been wondering what it was?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Oh. George asked me to protect this nephew of
dialog: his during the war and it so happens the kid
dialog: had five thousand dollars on him. The kid
text: winds up killed, and all the money swiped
dialog: from him, and when George was in prison
text: someone whispers to him it was Jesse James
text: slit the boy's throat.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Just mean gossip, was it?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Bob’s the expert; put it to him.
text: BOB rises from the table like a stamping boy in a snit.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’ve make him cranky.
text: WILBUR snickers.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I've been through this before, is all. once
dialog: people get around to making fun of me, they
dialog: just don’t ever let up.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Someone’s speaking awful fresh over there!
text: BOB is forced to walk Past JESSE to get to the main room. JESSE kicks a
text: leg across BOB’S Path, clouting the floorboards with his boot. BOB
text: glances down at his bogus grin - the suggestion of malice beneath his
dialog: antics.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I don’t want you to skip off to your room and
dialog: pout without knowing why I dropped by for
dialog: this visit.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I suppose you're going to tell us how sorry
dialog: you are that you had to slap my cousin Albert
dialog: around.
text: Such great heat seems to come then from JESSE'S eyes that BOB glances
text: away as if from sunlight, but in a second the man cools and says:
speaker_heading: : JESSE
dialog: I come to ask one of you two Fords to ride
dialog: with me on a journey or two. I guess we've
dialog: agreed it ought to be Charley; you've been
text: acting sort of testy.
text: BOB stands pale and silent. Then he steps around JESSE’S boot and
text: calmly climbs the stairs to the upper room.
scene_heading: INT. 2 FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - NIGHT.
text: BOB enters and carefully shuts the door. DICK shoves open the closet
text: door with his toe and looks out at ROB.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I'd say that was really stupid.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMUEL'S FARM, KEARNEY (ESTABLISHING) - NIGHT.
text: JESSE and CHARLEY approach on horseback.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH, SAMUEL’S FARMHOUSE, KEARNEY - NIGHT.
text: ZERELDA SAMUELS (Jesse’s mother) is in the doorway waiting for them.
speaker_heading: ZERELDA
dialog: You're Charley Ford.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Yes ma’am you’ve seen me once or twice with
dialog: Johnny.
speaker_heading: ZERELDA
dialog: I got a letter from George Hite. Hasn’t seen
dialog: hide nor hair of him.
text: JESSE squints at CHARLEY.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And you say you haven’t seen Wood?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Can’t imagine where he could be.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, SAMUEL’S FARMHOUSE, KEARNEY - NIGHT.
dialog: 63
text: CHARLEY is woken by JESSE:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You finished with your sleeping?
text: CHARLEY sits up from his bedroll:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I could use one or two more hours if it’s no
dialog: trouble. I can’t operate on less than five. I
text: run into walls and fence Posts.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’ve been holding a discussion with myself
dialog: over if I ought to tell you this or no. My
dialog: good side won out and, well, I’d like to make
dialog: a clean breast of things.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: My mind is cobwebby yet, is the only
dialog: drawback.
text: JESSE crosses close.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Can you hear me when I whisper this low?
dialog: Just barely.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You knew I went to Kentucky?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I come back through Saline County and thought
dialog: to myself, ‘why not Stop by and see Ed
dialog: Miller?’ So I do and things aren’t to my
dialog: satisfaction at all. Ed’s got himself worked
text: up over something and I can tell he’s lying
dialog: like a rug and I say to myself, ‘Enough’s
dialog: enough!’ and I say to Ed, ‘Come on, Ed; let’s
dialog: go for a ride.’ Do you understand what I’m
dialog: saying?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Going for a ride is like giving him what-for.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Exactly. Ed and Jesse, they argued on the
dialog: road and when push came to shove, Jesse shot
dialog: and killed him.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Jesse did.
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You’ve got it.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: You.
text: JESSE pats CHARLEY’S knee.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: So you see? Your cousin got off easy. I was
text: only playing with Albert.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I‘ve made him squeal once or twice myself.
dialog: I’m just not as thorough as you are.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You want to swap a tale with me now?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (sudden fright)
dialog: I don’t get your meaning.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: If you’ve got something to confess in
dialog: exchange, it seems to me it’d only be right
dialog: for you to spit it out now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: About Wood Hite, for example.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I’ve been saying over and over again I can’t
dialog: figure out where he’s gone. I’m not going to
dialog: change my story just to have something to
dialog: spit.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Why was your brother so agitated?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Which?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Bob.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
text: It’s just his way. He’s antsy.
text: JESSE retreats. Sits in a chair.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You can go back to sleep now.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: You got me agitated now: you see?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Just ain’t no peace with Jesse around. You
dialog: ought to pity my poor wife.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Ed Miller was a good friend of mine. He
dialog: introduced me to you at that one poker game.
dialog: I’m a little angry with you, if you want the
dialog: God’s honest truth.
text: JESSE crosses his ankles and shuts his eyes. He pushes his hands deep
text: into his pockets.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You ought to pity me too.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCIAL DISTRICT, KANSAS CITY - DAY.
text: BOB walks through a street of mud and slush and manure. He cuts between
text: two surreys and enters the Times Building.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY CRAIG'S OFFICE, TIMES BUILDING - DAY.
text: BOB stands in a room that’s full of bookcases housing Kansas and
text: Missouri statutes. The door creaks and he turns to see a stern man in
dialog: his late forties:
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: My assistant mentioned something about you
dialog: and the James gang.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yes sir. I want to bring them to justice.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: The James gang.
text: BOB doesn’t react to his skepticism. Craig takes a seat behind his desk
text: and sighs.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: How do you know the James brothers?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Did I say that I did?
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: Do you spy on them?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You’1l excuse me for saying so, but isn’t
dialog: what matters the fact that I can round these
dialog: culprits up?
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: I get told that once a week, and they’re
dialog: still uncaught. You can see how I’d be
dialog: skeptical.
text: BOB lowers into a mahogany chair and admires the sculptured armrests.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Just lately?
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: Just lately what?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Anybody come to you just lately saying he
dialog: could bring in one or two of the James gang?
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: You‘ve got to give me something. I don’t even
dialog: know your name.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It's Bob.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: Just Bob?
speaker_heading: : BOB
dialog: Right now, yes; for the time being.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: Do you know where Jesse’s living?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: He was in Kansas City.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You‘re pulling my leg.
speaker_heading: BOB
text: Over on Woodland Avenue; and then Troost.
text: He’s moved again though.
text: CRAIG inscribes something in the journal and BOB walks over to study
dialog: the entry.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Does the name Bob Ford mean anything to you?
text: CRAIG dips his quill pen in the ink bottle:
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: Is that your actual name or your alias?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Actual.
text: BOB watches his name recorded in CRAIG’S elegant calligraphy.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Pretty soon all America will know who Bob
dialog: Ford is.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS SURROUNDING HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DAWN.
dialog: 67
text: An ARMED POSSE crunch through the snow on foot, approaching the
dialog: Harbison farm.
scene_heading: INT. 2” FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DAWN.
text: Through the window, BOB sees 12 ARMED MEN coming out of the woods, as
text: rounded over as hedgehogs. He swats at the sleeping DICK LIDDIL’S foot.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Dick!
text: Dick inclines on his elbow and slants over just enough to see the MEN
text: wading through a knee-deep snowdrift. He bolts from the bed to his
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I_saw a tin star on someone's pocket; that’s
dialog: all the information I need.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: God damn that Mattie anyhow.
text: A big voice is heard coming from the yard:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Jesse!
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: How do I find the attic?
scene_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE (OFF-SCREEN CONT’D)
dialog: We know you’re in there! Come outside with
dialog: your hands up!
scene_heading: EXT. HARBISON HOMESTEAD - DAWN.
text: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE has his mouth bracketed with his mittens. He's
text: surrounded by CRAIG and the DEPUTIES.
scene_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE
dialog: You boys are cornered! If you know what's
dialog: good for you, you’1l come out peaceably and
dialog: no one will get shot up!
text: The kitchen door is pushed open and the MEN all crouch down. BOB calls
dialog: out:
speaker_heading: BOB (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Don’t shoot!
scene_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE
dialog: Come on out and show yourself!
text: BOB steps out with a smirk.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: If this isn’t a surprise!
scene_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE
dialog: That’s how we intended it.
scene_heading: INT. 2” FLOOR BEDROOM, HARBISON HOMESTEAD - SOON AFTER.
text: The POSSE are gathered in the room. BOB and MARTHA watch as TIMBERLAKE
text: whams the ceiling cover and points his revolver into the crawl space.
scene_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE
dialog: You there! Give yourself up!
text: DICK climbs down. He is handcuffed.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: Andrew James Liddil, this is a warrant for
dialog: your arrest for the murder of William
dialog: Westfall and participation in the Winston
dialog: train robbery on the 15™ of July, 1881.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS CITY - DAY.
text: BOB pilots a sleigh pulled by two horses, He approaches the St. James
dialog: Hotel.
scene_heading: INT. ST. JAMES HOTEL - DAY
text: BOB strolls the purple carpet of the lobby. It’s a world of luxury so
text: far unseen in the film. A world which BOB seems out of place in, but to
text: which he craves entry. He tugs off a mitten with his teeth and regards
text: a sign announcing ‘The Craig Rifles Ball.’
scene_heading: INT. HENRY CRAIG’S SUITE, ST. JAMES HOTEL - DAY
text: HENRY CRAIG is in a wood and tin bathtub that’s a@s narrow as a coffin.
text: He hears a knock at the door.
speaker_heading: 1 HENRY CRAIG
dialog: . Come in.
text: BOB sidles inside like a cat.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: Didn’t expect you to make it.
text: BOB seats himself in a chair and slides his bowler hat beneath it.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I couldn’t pass up meeting the Governor. Me
dialog: and him’ve got some important matters to take
dialog: up.
text: CRAIG gives him an intolerant glance and then nods towards a whisky
dialog: bottle:
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: How about some roockus juice?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Doesn't take more than a sip to make me want
dialog: to bite off my own nose.
text: CRAIG sloshes messily out of the tub and refills his glass.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: Well, this is my day! Here’s to the Craig
text: Rifles and to the great man who leads them so
dialog: magnificently.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Can I climb into that bathwater? I think I
dialog: caught a chill on my way here.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: Go ahead.
text: BOB strips and sinks into the tub with a groan.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: There’s something real seldom about you, Bob.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, HENRY CRAIG’S SUITE, ST. JAMES HOTEL - DAY
text: BOB comes out just as two WAITERS trolly in a meal cart. He is shocked
text: to see DICK LIDDIL sitting at the dining table with HENRY CRAIG and the
text: Kansas City POLICEMEN. DICK laughs at BOB’S discomfort.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Well, well, well. Aren’t you just full of
dialog: surprises.
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: They're going to love a pretty boy like you
dialog: in the penitentiary. You won’t never be
dialog: lonely again.
speaker_heading: ' DICK
dialog: Oh, they don’t give a damn about me. It’s
dialog: Frank and Jesse they want.
text: BOB sits down to carrots and rare steak. BOB cuts into his meat and
dialog: considers the other men’s plates:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Is your cow still moving?
speaker_heading: DICK -
dialog: Just singed it a little did they?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’ve seen critters worse off than this get
dialog: well.
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: You're not going to be complaining all
dialog: evening, are you?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Me? I’m happy, Henry! It’s the Craig Rifles
dialog: Ball! It’s your night.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: Don‘t give the Governor your smart aleck
dialog: talk.
scene_heading: INT, GRAND BALLROOM, ST. JAMES HOTEL - NIGHT
text: GOVENOR CRITTENDEN speaks to a large crowd of GENTLEMEN in tails and
dialog: LADIES in satin gowns
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: I deem it a great privilege on this glorious
dialog: occasion to recognize publicly the
dialog: intelligent and efficient assistance that
dialog: Captain Henry Craig has thus far provided the
dialog: State of Missouri and myself in our joint
dialog: quest to extirpate the James band from
dialog: Jackson County. The task Henry Craig has
dialog: assumed requires fearless courage,
text: extraordinary vigilance, and an unerring
dialog: selection of instrumentalities.
text: BOB lingers against a pillar on the fringes.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (mutters to himself)
dialog: You’re not so great.
text: A WOMAN nearby glares at the comment.
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: My wife has just signaled that I should leave
dialog: well enough alone, so I‘1l leave you all with
dialog: the wish for an enjoyable evening and with
dialog: the hope that I may have the pleasure of
dialog: meeting each of you before this celebration
dialog: is ended. -
speaker_heading: LATER:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, ST. JAMES HOTEL — SOON AFTER
text: The POLICEMEN shove BOB against a mahogany pillar. CRAIG is with them.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: You're more trouble than you’re worth.
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: “ I was just going to say hello.
speaker_heading: we HENRY CRAIG
dialog: That isn’t why you’re here. Get upstairs now
dialog: and see if you can’t keep your identity
dialog: secret.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY CRAIG’S SUITE, ST. JAMES HOTEL - SOON AFTER
text: BOB enters, looking disheveled. DICK, guarded by TWO KANSAS CITY
text: POLICEMEN, looks over the top of his paper and smiles.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: How was the party?
scene_heading: INT. CRITTENDEN’S SUITE, ST. JAMES HOTEL - NIGHT
text: CRITTENDEN receives them in a red silk robe and directs them towards
dialog: wingback chairs:
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: My wife’s asleep in the next room, so let’s
dialog: speak as quietly as we can.
text: CRITTENDEN settles himself into a settee and his eyes glitter as he
dialog: regards the two strangers:
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: You're Dick little.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: — Liddil.
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: I spell it with two @’s.
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: He’s given us a confession but so far the
dialog: newspapers haven’t caught onto it. You’ve
dialog: guaranteed him a conditional pardon and
text: amnesty for his robberies.
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: You’re Robert Ford?
text: BOB grins, but can’t think of anything to say.
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: How old are you, Bob?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Twenty.
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: Did you surrender to Sheriff Timberlake as
dialog: well?
speaker_heading: HENRY CRAIG
dialog: It was his brother Charley who was in the
dialog: James Gang. We couldn’t find anything on Bob.
dialog: He's acting in the capacity of a private
dialog: detective.
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: I see.
text: CRITTENDEN pours tea.
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: Jesse James sent me a telegram last month,
dialog: saying he was going to kill me if he had to
dialog: wreck a train to do it. He said that once I
dialog: was in his hands he was going to cut my heart
text: out and eat in strips like it was bacon.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I‘m going to wreck his train first.
text: BOB emits a scoffing laugh. CRITTENDEN glares at him.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m sorry, Your Excellency. I was thinking of
dialog: something else.
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: Jesse James is nothing more than a public
dialog: outlaw who’s made his reputation by stealing
dialog: whatever he could and by killing whoever got
dialog: in his way. You‘ll hear some fools say he’s
dialog: getting back at Republicans and Union men for
dialog: wrongs his family suffered during the war,
dialog: but his victims have scarcely ever been
dialog: selected with reference to their political
dialog: views.
text: The GOVERNOR'S WIFE moans in the other room. CRITTENDEN tempers his
dialog: voice. .
speaker_heading: CRITTENDEN
dialog: I'm saying his sins will soon find him out.
dialog: I'm saying his cup of iniquity is full. I’m
text: saying Jesse James is a desperate case and
dialog: May require a desperate remedy.
text: DICK looks to BOB to respond - but sees that the boy is overpowered by
text: the situation, so he responds for him:
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: You've got the right man for the job.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY SIDE, SOMEWHERE IN NEBRASKA - DAY
dialog: 73
scene_heading: FOUL WEATHER.
speaker_heading: JESSE (0/S)
dialog: You ever consider suicide?
text: CHARLEY and JESSE appear through the grey air:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Can’t say that I have. There was always
dialog: something else I wanted to do. Or my
dialog: predicaments changed or I saw my hardships
dialog: from a different slant; you know all what can
dialog: happen. It never seemed respectable.
text: JESSE trots his mount forward:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’1l tell you one thing that’s certain; you
dialog: won’t fight dying once you've peeked over to
dialog: the other side; you’ll no more want to go
dialog: back to your body than you’d want to spoon up
dialog: your own puke.
text: JESSE vanishes again; leaving CHARLEY’S motor to work in the silence:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Since we’re looking to rob banks, I was
dialog: wondering if I could go so far as to
dialog: recommend we add another feller to the gang
dialog: and sort of see if we couldn’t come out of
dialog: our next job alive.
text: JESSE, in his cloud, seems transfixed by his saddle stirrup.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Bob wanted to know could he ride with us next
dialog: time we took on a savings bank or a railroad.
dialog: CHARLEY continues hopefully: 1
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Bob isn’t much more than a boy to most
dialog: appearances, but there’s about two tons of
dialog: sand in him and he'll stand with his shooter
dialog: when that's what’s called for. And he’s smart
text: too - he’s about as intricate as they come.
text: JESSE materializes, suddenly vivid against the snow:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You‘re forgetting that I’ve already met the
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: He surely thinks highly of you.
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: All America thinks highly of me.
speaker_heading: . CHARLEY
dialog: Still. It’s not like you‘ve got two million
dialog: names you can snatch out of a sock whenever
dialog: you need a third man. I mean, who else is
dialog: there that isn’t already in jail?
dialog: JESSE sighs:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You're going to try and wear me down on this,
dialog: aren‘t you.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: That was my main intention.
text: The two men disappear again into the grey air.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: A note was mailed to Bob Ford with the news
dialog: that Jesse and Charley would come to Ray
dialog: County within the next few weeks. Henry Craig
dialog: enjoined him to return to Richmond and await
text: the arrival of the two.
scene_heading: INT. ELIAS’ GROCERY STORE, RICHMOND - DAY
text: BOB is busy with CUSTOMERS. SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE enters, prowls the store
text: once, and then slips into the storeroom.
scene_heading: INT. STOREROOM, ELIAS’ GROCERY STORE, RICHMOND - DAY
text: TIMBERLAKE smokes. BOB enters.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Haven‘t seen any sign of him.
scene_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE
dialog: Do you know where he’s living? !
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: No.
text: TIMBERLAKE sighs.
scene_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE
dialog: I can’t guess how he does it, but he’s always
dialog: knowledgeable about what’s going on. He’ll
dialog: know you’ve been with me. You ought to take
dialog: that for granted. And he'll kill you if he
dialog: gets the chance.
text: BOB scratches at his neck and looks away.
scene_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE
dialog: You willing to risk that?
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yes I am.
text: BOB fastens his eyes on TIMBERLAKE and all the ingratiation is gone
text: from his face; only longing and misery remain:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’ve been a nobody all my life. I was the
dialog: baby; I was the one they made the promises to
dialog: that they never kept. And ever since I can
dialog: recall it, Jesse James has been as big as a
dialog: tree. I'm prepared for this, Jim. And I’m
dialog: going to accomplish it. I know I won’t get
dialog: but this one opportunity and you can bet your
dialog: life I’m not going to spoil it.
text: TIMBERLAKE stands and grinds .out his cigarette,
scene_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE
dialog: Capture him if you can when he first comes to
dialog: meet you. If you can’t do it, wait for your
dialog: chance. Don’t allow yourself to be found
dialog: alone with him. And don’t let him get behind
dialog: you.
text: TIMBERLAKE exits through the loading door.
text: BOB remains standing there.
scene_heading: INT. ELIAS’ GROCERY STORE, RICHMOND ~ ANOTHER DAY
text: BOB stands on a wooden stool, stacking ketchup bottles, in his clerk's
text: apron. The afternoon sun blazes behind JESSE like a halo:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You’ve been chosen.
text: BOB swivels and nearly slips. The color has leached from his face.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Your brother said that you wanted to join us.
dialog: But maybe you like this grocery store more
dialog: than you said you did.
text: BOB looks for a clue from CHARLEY but his brother is fixed in the
text: store’s entrance, smoking a cigarette. BOB counterfeits bravado:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I‘ll walk out of this crackerbox without so
dialog: much as a fare-thee-well. This piddly work is
dialog: beneath me.
text: He takes off his apron by way of illustration. JESSE smiles.
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: So you missed me?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’ve been crying myself to sleep every night.
text: BOB places a note on the counter that reads, ‘Gone fishing’. JESSE
text: rings open the cash register and finds himself impressed:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Good morning.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIAS’ GROCERY STORE, RICHMOND - DAY
text: BOB comes outside with carrots for the horses. CHARLEY is already in
dialog: the saddle:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Don’t let him see us so much as wink at each
text: other. He's suspicious as a danged coyote,
dialog: and he don’t trust you one iota.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I guess that makes us even.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: He's already put way Ed Miller. Said so like
dialog: it was something piddly he'd done.
text: The talk ceases when JESSE comes out. JESSE corrects the crease in his
text: black fedora and slips his boot into the stirrup. HE climbs into the
text: saddle and hooks his horse around:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TO ST. JOSEPH - NIGHT.
text: They ride through a cold rain. In the distance they spot a church and
text: head towards it.
scene_heading: INT. LUTHERAN CHURCH - NIGHT
text: JESSE throws his greatcoat on a pew and lights an altar candle that he
text: carries into the sanctuary.
text: BOB kicks his bedroll flat on the floor and says to CHARLEY:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: If we’re ever alone for more than a minute,
dialog: I'd like a chance to speak to you further.
speaker_heading: LATER:
text: BOB wakes and sits up. His brother is asleep.
text: JESSE is curled over the Bible like a monk.
text: BOB wanders over to him and sidles into the pew.
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Go to the good book when you’re sore
dialog: distressed and your soul will be comforted.
text: BOB studies JESSE. Beat.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You ever give your past life any thought?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I don’t get your meaning.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Do you every give any thought to the men
dialog: you've killed?
text: JESSE shuts the book and rubs a thumb across the two gold words on the
text: black cover. Rainfall is the only noise.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’ve been forgiven for all that.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You might ‘ve had a good reason for killing
dialog: them. I don’t know. I’m just saying it
dialog: must‘ve been like a nightmare for them, and
dialog: maybe it is for you too, right now.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’ve already been forgiven.
text: He blows out the candle.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, LUTHERAN CHURCH - DAY
text: CHARLEY sits on a gravestone engraved with the words ‘GONE TO
text: GREATNESS.' BOB ambles up to him with his palms cupping his elbows.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: They gave me ten days.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: BOB
text: Arresting him.
dialog: You and me?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It‘s going to happen one way or another. It’s
dialog: going to happen, Charley; and it might as
dialog: well be us who get rich on it.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Nobody’s going to get Jesse if he’s still
dialog: live enough to go for his gun. He can kill ya
dialog: with every hand.
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’1l go alone then.
text: CHARLEY looks at him disparagingly.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: And besides that he’s our friend.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: He murdered Ed Miller. He's going to murder
text: Liddil and Cummins if the chance ever comes.
dialog: Seems to me Jesse’s riding from man to man,
dialog: saying goodbye to the gang. Your friendship
dialog: could put you under the Pansies.
text: CHARLEY looks away.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I'll grind it fine in my mind, Bob. I can’t
dialog: go any further than that, right now.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You’ll come around.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: You think it’s all made up don’t you. You
dialog: think everything is just yarns and newspaper
dialog: stories.
text: It’s BOB’S turn to look away.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: He’s just a human being.
scene_heading: INT. LUTHERAN CHURCH - DAY
text: They enter the church and discover a furious JESSE.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: From now on you two won’t go anywhere without
dialog: me! From now on you'll ask for permission;
dialog: you‘ll ask to be excused!
scene_heading: EXT. LAFAYETTE ST, ST JOSEPH - DAY
text: They approach the rollercoaster of Confusion Hill. BOB looks up the
text: steep ascent to a high skull of land upon which rests the white
dialog: cottage.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Jesse finally come up with a Place to match
dialog: his prominence.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I could mow down a thousand scalawags with no
dialog: more than a thousand cartridges. I'l] never
dialog: be surprised by anything again.
dialog: 79
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: JESSE climbs off his saddle and accepts his son in his arms.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: BOB and JESSE enter. ZEE JAMES backs from the stove, sees BOB, and
text: winces.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: You never mentioned Bob would be here.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Maybe he was saving it as a pleasant
dialog: surprise.
text: MARY is submerged in the woman’s skirt, glowering at BOB. ZEE combs the
dialog: girl’s hair.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: You’ve got two cousins for company now.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - NIGHT
text: JESSE, on the sofa, weds his fingers ovér his stomach and closes his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: How it will be is we'll leave here next
dialog: Monday afternoon and ride down to Platte
dialog: City.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How far is that from Kansas City?
text: Something in BOB'S enquiry makes JESSE resistant and he answers around
dialog: the question:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Platte City’s thirty miles south. You and me
dialog: and Charley will sleep in the woods overnight
dialog: and strike the Wells Bank sometime before the
text: court recesses.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (a little too insistent)
dialog: What time will that be exactly?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You don’t need to know that.
text: BOB scrawls on the floorboards with his finger and JESSE arises to a
dialog: sit.
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You know I feel comfortable with your
dialog: brother. Hell, he’s ugly as sin and he smells
dialog: like a skunk and he's so ignorant he couldn’t
dialog: drive nails in the snow, but he’s sort of
dialog: easy to be around. I can’t say the same for
dialog: you, Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m sorry to hear you say that.
text: JESSE is silent a moment.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You_know how it is when you're with your
dialog: girlfriend and the moon is out and you know
dialog: she wants to be kissed even though she never
dialog: said so?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You’re giving me signs that grieve my soul
dialog: and make me wonder if your mind’s been
dialog: changed about me.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What do you want me to do? Swear my good
dialog: faith on the bible?
text: CHARLEY enters with the firewood to see JESSE glowering at BOB with
text: great heat in his eyes.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: You two having a spat?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I was getting ready to be angry.
text: JESSE smiles and reaches out to coddle BOB’S neck.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Sit over here closer, Kid.
text: BOB vacillates a little, then scooches over, smirking at his brother
text: with shyness. JESSE massages BOB‘S neck and shoulders, communicating
dialog: that all is forgiven.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You'll stay with the animals, Charley, and
dialog: The Kid and I will walk into the bank just
text: before noon. Bob will move the cashier over
text: away from the shotgun under the counter and
dialog: he’ll tell the man to open the vault. They’11
dialog: finagle about time locks and so on and I’ll
text: creep up behind that cashier and cock his
dialog: chin back like so..
dialog: 81
text: JESSE snaps BOB’S skull back and slashes a skinning knife against his
text: throat. BOB is incapacitated by panic. JESSE is terrifying:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’ll say, ‘How come an off-scouring of
dialog: creation like you is still sucking air when
dialog: so many of mine are in coffins?’
text: BOB‘S eye lolls to the blade.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I’ll say, ‘How'd you reach your twentieth
dialog: birthday without leaking out all over your
dialog: clothes?’ And if I don’t like his attitude,
dialog: I’ll slit that phildoodle so deep he‘ll flop
text: on the floor like a fish,
text: Then JESSE retracts the blade and shoves BOB rudely forward. Then his
text: temper abruptly alters and he slaps both knees gleefully, laughing at
speaker_heading: BOB:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I could hear your gears grinding rrr, rrr,
dialog: rrr, and your little motor wondering, ‘My
dialog: Gosh, what’s next, what's happening to me?’
dialog: You were precious to behold, Bob. You were
text: white as spit in a cotton field.
text: BOB examines his neck with his hand.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You want to know how that feels? Unpleasant.
dialog: I honestly can’t recommend it.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And Charley looked striken!
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I was!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ‘This is plumb unexpected!’ old Charley was
dialog: thinking, ‘This is done ruint my day!’
text: JESSE laughs and laughs, and when at last the two laugh with him, JESSE
text: adopts a scolding look and slams out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - NIGHT
text: JESSE sleeps on the twin bed. BOB on his bedroll.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
text: Jesse slept with Bob in the children’s room
text: that night and Bob remained awake. He could
text: see that there was a gun on the nightstand,
text: he could imagine it’s cold nickel inside his
text: grip, it’s two pound weight reached out and
text: aimed, but he couldn't even maneuver toward
dialog: it, it was like a name he couldn’t remember.
dialog: 
dialog: 82
dialog: Tt was if some spell had rendered him meek,
text: infirm, confounded. He could contrive many
dialog: ways of snaring Jesse; he could invent a
dialog: thousand deaths; but Bob feared it would
dialog: always come to this, he would see a chance
dialog: and then he’d speculate on it’s consequences,
dialog: he would ponder each option and particular
dialog: and soon the opportunity would pass away.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: BOB, with baited breath, watches through the doorway:
text: JESSE stands naked in a laundry boiler wringing a washcloth over his
text: skull. He’s wracked by a coughing fit. He seems old, prematurely
text: decrepit, the scars on his body stand out red as slaughter.
text: BOB’S hand moves to the granddaddy Colt that’s strapped to his thigh.
text: But that’s all, he can’t bring himself to unsnug the weapon.
text: After a long beat, JESSE says:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Go away.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It never crossed your mind that I was here
dialog: and it’s been nigh on three minutes at least.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You sure of that? Maybe I was fooling you.
dialog: Maybe we’re playing cat and mouse.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’ve never seen you without your guns
dialog: neither.
text: JESSE tows a towel off a chair and reveals, almost incidentally, a
text: twelve inch Remington revolver on the seat.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Isn’t no one could sneak up on Jesse James,
dialog: is the way it used to be.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And now you think you know otherwise, maybe
dialog: that’s just what I wanted.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m just making fun is all, you understand. I
dialog: wouldn’t dream of mocking you or causing you
dialog: any ill feelings.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I can’t figure it out: do you want to be like
dialog: me, or do you want to be me?
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: So it went:
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: JESSE MONTAGE
text: JESSE around the house, images scored to the Narrator’s voice like
dialog: music:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: Jesse was increasingly cavalier, merry,
dialog: moody, fey, unpredictable. He was sick with
dialog: rheums and aches and lung congestions, he
text: tilted against chairs and counters and walls,
text: in cold weather he limped with a cane. His
dialog: clever mind was often in conflict, insomnia
text: stained his eye sockets like soot. He
text: counteracted the smell of neglected teeth
text: with licorice and candies, he browned his
text: graying hair with dye, he camouflaged his
text: depressions and derangements with masquerades
dialog: of extreme cordiality, courtesy, and goodwill
dialog: toward others:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: ZEE sets down a soup tureen and JESSE winks at BOB:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Is this fit to eat or will it just do?
text: As ZEE retreats into the kitchen JESSE inches the soup bowl under
text: CHARLEY’S elbow and says to BOB:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: That woman’s cooking has always been a
dialog: scandal. Cut her meat and the whole table
dialog: moves.
text: JESSE laughs as CHARLEY stains his sleeve.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - ANOTHER DAY
text: JESSE hooks CHARLEY’S spurs together while he snores in the sitting
text: room and then screams the man off the couch, so that CHARLEY farcically
text: sprawls.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: But even as he jested,
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
dialog: JESSE horses with TIM:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D)
dialog: or tickled his boy in the ribs, Jesse would
text: look over at Bob with melancholy eyes, as if
text: the two were meshed in an intimate
dialog: communication that had little to do with
dialog: anyone else.
text: On BOB working at keeping his expression neutral.
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: Bob was certain that the man had unriddled
dialog: him, had seen through his reasons for coming
dialog: along, that Jesse could forecast each of
dialog: Bob‘s possible moves and inclinations and was
dialog: only acting the innocent in order to lull Bob
dialog: into stupid tranquility and miscalculation.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - NIGHT
text: JESSE sleeps with BOB in the sitting room, a revolver, clutched in his
text: left hand. BOB listens to each insuck of air so he can tell when
text: JESSE'S gone off. Then, he cautiously rolls to a sit and places his
text: feet on the boards. The revolver is cocked with three clicks.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I need to go to the. privy.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You think you do but you don‘t.
text: BOB obediently returns to bed.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY.
text: ZEE is cleaning up. BOB is so skittish, his leg jitters as he sits in
text: his chair. He gets up and rakes his fingers through his hair, describes
text: a circle in the room and reseats himself again. He bites his
text: fingernail. Again his leg begins to jitter.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: Why are you so antsy?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It’s just this cussed boredom. This sitting
text: around inside the livelong day, getting into
dialog: your hair, making jailhouse dogs of
dialog: ourselves.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: He’s gone for months. We sometimes change
text: houses five times in a year. It's gruesome
text: being hunted, Bob. He can stay in his
dialog: nightshirt all day if he wants; I’m just
text: grateful he’s around.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You can see it’s damaged his mind some.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, DOWNTOWN ST. JOSEPH - DAY
text: BOB with a shopping list in hand.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: Zee took pity on Bob and sent him to town on
text: an errand.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN TELEGRAPH OFFICE - DAY
dialog: 85
text: WIDE on BOB, looking isolated and anxious:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D)
text: He stood at a desk in the American Telegraph
text: office and scribbled out twenty messages that
dialog: he might send to Governor Crittenden or
dialog: Police Commissioner Craig.
text: BOB confronts another blank page:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR(V/O CONT'D) .
dialog: He could be a glib and even grandiloquent
dialog: speaker, but writing was agony for him: the
dialog: right words seemed to disappear whenever he
text: grasped a pencil, plus he was hampered by the
dialog: grim recognition that he really had nothing
dialog: to say. For Jesse was canny, he was
dialog: intuitive, he anticipated everything.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON (FLASHBACK) - NIGHT
text: JESSE, CHARLEY and BOB drink. BOB observes JESSE’S constant checking of
dialog: the world around him:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT'D)
text: He continually looked over his shoulders, he
text: looked into the background with mirrors, he
dialog: could pick out a whisper on the wind, he
text: could probably read the faltering perfidy in
text: Bob’s face.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, COMMERCIAL DISTRICT, ST. JOSEPH (FLASHBACK) - DAY
dialog: {Action as per voice-over)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT'D)
dialog: He once numbered the spades on a playing card
text: that skittered across the street a city block
dialog: away;
scene_heading: EXT, PORCH, HOUSE ON THE HILL (FLASHBACK) - DAY
dialog: (Action as per voice-over)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’ D)
text: - he licked his daughter’s cut finger and
dialog: there wasn’t even a scar the next day;
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, HOUSE ON THE HILL (FLASHBACK) - DAY
dialog: (Action as per voice-over)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT'D)
dialog: - he wrestled with his son and the two Fords
dialog: at once one afternoon and rarely even tilted
text: ~ it was like grappling with a tree.
scene_heading: RAINFALL; AS SEEN THROUGH A WINDOW (FLASHBACK) - DAY
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: When Jesse predicted rain, it rained;
scene_heading: A PLANT GROWS - TIMELAPSE (FLASHBACK) - DAY
speaker_heading: NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D)
dialog: when he encouraged plants, they grew;
text: On JESSE, smiling:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: whomever he wished to stir, he astonished.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN TELEGRAPH OFFICE - DAY
text: On the screwed up balls of paper:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR(V/O CONT'D)
dialog: Some of Bob's telegrams were apologies, some
dialog: were clarifications, still more were
dialog: prognostications of when the criminal would
dialog: be ‘removed’ until finally Bob settled on a
dialog: coded note to Sheriff Timberlake, providing
text: him with clues about their living situation
dialog: in St. Joseph and the contemplated robbery in
dialog: Platte City on the 4".
text: BOB watches the TELEGRAPH OPERATOR at work.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’ D)
dialog: It took five minutes to code and transmit the
dialog: note and two hours for Timberlake to receive
dialog: it but thereafter the sheriff reacted with
dialog: great speed,
scene_heading: EXT. LIVERY STABLE, KANSAS CITY - DAY
text: TIMBERLAKE moves down a line of ARMED MEN, counting soundlessly:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
text: arranging a company of fifty deputies who
text: would ride their horses into two freight cars
dialog: and surround the Platte City Bank while the
dialog: James gang was inside.
scene_heading: INT. KANSAS CITY ROUNDHOUSE - DAY
text: TIMBERLAKE stands with RAILWAY OFFICIALS watching a great engine belch
dialog: smoke.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’ D)
dialog: Timberlake even went so far as to order a
dialog: Hannibal and St. Joseph locomotive’s engine
text: ignited and kept fully steamed in the Kansas
dialog: City roundhouse so that it could race to
dialog: Platte City or st. Joseph without delay.
scene_heading: EXT. KANSAS CITY ROUNDHOUSE ~ DAY
dialog: 87
text: TIMBERLAKE nods his thanks, shakes hands with an OFFICIAL
speaker_heading: NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D)
dialog: Having satisfied himself that the appropriate
dialog: steps had been taken,
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT, KANSAS CITY - DAY
text: TIMBERLAKE and CRAIG raise their glasses:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
text: the sheriff dined with Conmissioner Craig on
dialog: the night of the 30" and they toasted a
dialog: victory that they seemed only days away from
dialog: achieving.
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: Sunshine is diagonal in the room and curtains flirt in the air. BOB
text: isn’t sure what woke him. He pivots in the child’s bed and sees JESSE
text: in a spindle chair.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How long’ve you been studying me?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You're gonna break a lot of hearts.
text: BOB rolls to a sitting position.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How do you mean?
text: JESSE reveals a black box from behind his back and reaches it over to
speaker_heading: BOB.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It‘s a present.
dialog: BOB hefts it. '
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Heavy.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You going to look inside?
text: BOB crams a coin into the interstices and twists until the lid
dialog: releases.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It’s April Fools Day, you know.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It isn’t a joke.
text: Inside the box, nestled in red velvet, is a pearl-handled .44 caliber
text: revolver. BOB beams at JESSE.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Such extravagance!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Doesn’t that nickel shine though!
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It’s more than I could hope for!
dialog: 88
text: BOB clicks the chamber around, cocks and releases the hammer, cocks the
text: hammer again and aims the revol
dialog: the trigger.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I figured that granddaddy Colt of yours might
dialog: blow into fragments the next time you squeeze
dialog: the trigger.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You might have something there.
speaker_heading: ZEE_(OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Dave? You ready for supper?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Pretty soon, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I might be too excited to eat.
text: Jesse smiles broadly and rises from the spindle chair.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You know what John Newman Edwards once wrote
dialog: about me? He said I didn’t trust two men in
dialog: ten thousand and was even cautious around
dialog: them. The government’s sort of run me ragged,
dialog: you see. I‘m going the long way around the
dialog: barn to say I’ve been feeling cornered and
dialog: just plain ornery of late and I‘d be pleased
dialog: if you'd accept the gun as my way of
dialog: apologizing.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Heaven knows I'd ornerier if I were in your
dialog: position.
text: ‘ver at a red ball on the floor. Squeezes
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: No. I haven‘t been acting correctly. I can’t
dialog: hardly recognize myself sometimes when I’m
text: greased. I go on journeys out of my body and
text: look at my red hands and my mean face and I
dialog: wonder about that man who’s gone so wrong:
dialog: Why all that killing and evil behavior? I've
dialog: been becoming a problem to myself. I figure
dialog: if I can get you right I’1l be just that much
dialog: closer to me.
text: BOB looks at the man in bewilderment and can’t find the words for an
dialog: answer, so he says:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I need to wash my hands if supper’s on. The
dialog: gun’s made them feel sort of public.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Go ahead.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HOUSE ON THE HILL - pay
scene_heading: EXT. LAFFAYETTE ST - DAY
text: JESSE, ZEE, CHARLEY, TIM and MARY, seen from a distance, walking down
dialog: Confusion Hill.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: April second was Palm Sunday and Mr. and mrs.
dialog: Thomas Howard, their two children, and their
dialog: cousin Charles Johnson strolled to the Second
dialog: Presbyterian Church to attend the ten O'clock
dialog: service.
dialog: '
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE ON THE HILL - pay
dialog: (Action as per voice-over.)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D)
text: Bob remained at the cottage and slyly
dialog: migrated from room to room.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL — DAY
dialog: (Action as per voice-over.)
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: NARRATOR(V/O CONT’D)
text: He walked into the master bedroom and
text: inventoried the clothes on the hangers and
text: hooks. He sipped from the water glass on the
text: vanity. He smelled the talcum and lilacs on
text: Jesse’s pillowcase. He reclined on the
text: mattress and rolled to his left as Jesse must
dialog: have rolled to marry with his wife in the
text: evening. His fingers skittered over his ribs
dialog: to construe the scars where Jesse was twice
dialog: shot. He manufactured a middle finger that
text: was missing the top two knuckles.
text: He imagined himself at thirty-four.
text: He imagined himself in a coffin.
dialog: He considered possibilities and everything
dialog: wonderful that could come true.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - NIGHT
text: wall in his sitting room bed, a
text: CHARLEY is scrunched close to the
dialog: just barely perceive that his older
text: Pillow muting his mouth. BOB can
text: brother is crying.
speaker_heading: wo BOB
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Scared.
text: BOB snuggles closer to CHARLEY and puts an arm around him.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: He isn’t going to kill us.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Yes he is.
text: BOB looks over his shoulder to check the room and then murmurs in
speaker_heading: CHARLEY’S ear:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’ll stay awake so he can’t. '
text: CHARLEY rolls to his back and gazes at the ceiling and then looks to
dialog: his kid brother.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: This is the ninth day, right? And Craig gave
dialog: you ten? So maybe we’ll get surrounded up
dialog: here or maybe we’ll go to the bank and when
dialog: we run out it’ll be fifty guns shooting every
dialog: whichway at Jesse and who gives a goddamn if
dialog: the nobody Fords get killed in the bargain?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You’re imagining things.
dialog: and respirates himself with great
text: CHARLEY covers his eyes with his arm,
text: the room again and then he says:
text: calming breaths of air. Quiet comes to
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Isn't going to be no Platte City. That’s
dialog: Jesse fooling with us.
text: BOB slips out of bed and into his clothes.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Go to sleep.
text: BOB moves through the sitting room, dining room, kitchen, and steps off
text: the wooden porch into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, HOUSE ON THE HILL - NIGHT
text: He covers himself with a tattersall quilt from the clothesline and
text: settles himself on a plain bench. A mangled spoon is in the dirt; a
text: straw doll is in a tin bucket. He hears the screen door creak and clap
text: shut, and JESSE lowers onto the bench like someone who weighs six
dialog: hundred pounds.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: So you and me are the nighthawks.
text: BOB makes no reply.
speaker_heading: JESSE
text: Mrs. Saltzman cut out a garden patch here.
dialog: The Turners say it was a marvel: rabbit wire,
text: noontime shade, clematis on the bean poles,
dialog: I’ve been lazy about my seedlings.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I don’t like to garden; I just like to eat.
text: JESSE clutches his trousers and cranes his legs into alignment.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Maybe I‘1l nail together a martin box.
text: He rapidly pounds his knees with his fists.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I've got pains in every inch of my body. My
dialog: ears ring; my eyes are itchy. I’m going to
dialog: lose my gift of second sight.
speaker_heading: BOB .
dialog: Do you see future things like they were long
dialog: gone, or do you just get inklings about
dialog: what’s to come?
text: JESSE shows no inclination to answer.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You know Frank and I looked for my father’s
dialog: grave over in Marysville, California?
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You‘ve mentioned that, but not at any length.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I could picture the grave and the wooden
dialog: cross but I couldn't get the geography right.
dialog: They say it was cholera that killed him, They
dialog: might as well’ve said the bubonic plague. You
dialog: can always tell when it’s Satan’s work.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: JESSE
text: Trickery. Empty promises.
text: JESSE scratches at his jawbeard.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You missed the Palm Sunday service.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I used to go every week but that was because
dialog: my daddy put a gun to my head.
text: JESSE shuts his eyes and recites:
dialog: He coughs
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ‘For it was not an enemy that reproached me;
dialog: then I could have borne it: neither was it he
dialog: that hated me that did magnify himself
dialog: against me; then I would have hid myself from
dialog: him. But it was thou, a man mine equal, my
dialog: guide, and mine acquaintance. We took sweet
dialog: council together, and walked unto the house
dialog: of God in company.‘
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A good preacher will match that up with
text: Matthew twenty-six.
text: meanly and spits.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Sometimes I get so forlorn and melancholy. Do
dialog: you ever get that way?
text: BOB shrugs.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Do you know what it is you’re most afraid of?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What?
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'm afraid of being forgotten. I’m afraid
dialog: T’1l end up living a life like everyone
dialog: else’s and me being Bob Ford won’t matter one
dialog: way or the other.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It isn’t always up to you, Bob. It may not be
dialog: in the cards for ya.
text: JESSE looks over to Kansas and leans on his kmees for a minute.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Do you ever get surprised when you see
dialog: yourself in a mirror? Do you ever find
dialog: yourself saying, ‘why do they call him by my
dialog: name?’
text: It seems to BOB that JESSE expects no response.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You’re wrapped in a ragged coat for your
dialog: three score and ten and nobody gets to see
text: who's inside it.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It‘s getting chilly.
speaker_heading: JESSE
text: His voice is like a waterfall.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Whose voice?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Ii I could stand in it for a second or two,
dialog: all my sins would be washed away.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I honestly can’t follow this conversation.
text: JESSE smiles.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Do you know who I'm jealous of? You. If I
dialog: could change lives with you right now, I
dialog: would.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: “I guess this must be a case of the grass
dialog: always being greener.
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You can go away right now if you want. You
dialog: can say, ‘Jesse, I‘m sorry to disappoint you,
dialog: but the Good Lord didn’t put me here to rob
dialog: the Platte City Bank,’ You can go inside and
dialog: get your gatherings and begin a lifetime of
dialog: grocery work. I’m roped in already; but
dialog: you've still got the vote. That’s a gift I’d
dialog: give plenty for.
text: BOB grips the tattersall quilt around his neck.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I don’t know. I'm not acting according to any
dialog: plan. I’m just getting out of spots and
dialog: pressing for my best advantage.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You can’t always make things happen, Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Well, like I say, I’m just taking what comes
dialog: my way.
text: JESSE rises and crimps his fingers on the metal clothesline, sagging on
text: it a little, looking at the ground.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You Fords show your teeth like apes.
text: The man’s gloom seems to BOB to be turning dangerous.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m going to call it a night.
text: JESSE slumps forward dismally, making the metal hooks complain.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Why don’t you stay with me a little longer?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m sort of sleepy, Jess.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Go ahead then.
text: BOB pauses at the screen door and turns back to him, perplexed:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I appreciate your frankness with me. This has
dialog: been illuminating. I’m going to ponder all
dialog: you said.
text: JESSE moves off into darkness.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Don‘t make anything out of it. I was only
dialog: passing the time.
dialog: 95
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, HOUSE ON THE HILL - MORNING
text: ZEE angrily bangs shut the oven door.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: Oh, shoot!
text: BOB tucks in his yellow shirt.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Is that you making all that smoke?
text: ZEE flips some burned biscuits from a blackened pan.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: This ornery stove!
text: BOB moves through the cloud of gray oven smoke to the back door.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, HOUSE ON THE HILL - MORNING
text: He steps over puddles and passes MARY Playing with a coffee grinder
text: she’s ruined with sand.
text: He arrives to the backyard cistern and the pump brays like a mule as he
text: works the iron handle. Water splashes into a white enamel bowl. CHARLEY
text: is slouched down in the yard, squatting like a ghost, in a cloud of
dialog: cigarette smoke.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Morning.
text: But his brother ignores him.
text: BOB brings water to his face and imagines:
text: INSERT: The gruesome fish he caught in September .
text: BOB flinches his eyes open and sees ZEE peering at him through the
text: porch screen.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: How much do you want to eat?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m feeling sort of peculiar.
text: BOB moves over to the fence where he sees:
text: JESSE and TIM climbing the steep ascent of the sidewalk. The great man
text: has his hand on the boy’s shoulder. JESSE moves the cigar in his mouth
text: and squints through the smoke.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: How come you're looking so interested?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Do you think it’s intelligent to go outside
dialog: like that, so all creation can see your guns?
dialog: 96
text: JESSE ignores him and rushes his daughter, monstering, catching MARY as
text: she runs squealing to the screendoor and swinging the girl around so
text: wildly that her right foot loses it’s shoe.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - MORNING
text: MARY hugs her father’s neck as he walks into the dining room. TIM
text: tosses the papers carelessly onto the couch. BOB sees instantly the
dialog: headlines of the Kansas City Times:
text: The Arrest and confession of Dick Liddil.
text: BOB looks to the dining room: the family assembling around the table,
text: CHARLEY slouching in. BOB slips the Paper under a shawl and goes into
dialog: his room.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - MORNING
text: BOB straps on the gun he has been given, tying the leather holster to
text: his thigh with a string.
speaker_heading: ZEE (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Bob, everything is getting cold!
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL —- MORNING
text: BOB seats himself across from JESSE. JESSE regards his six-year-old
text: son, who is staring blankly at the sunshine, woolgathering, his oatmeal
text: spoon in his mouth.
speaker_heading: JESSE
speaker_heading: (to CHARLEY)
dialog: What do you think goes on in that noggin of
dialog: his?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Iwas referring to his mind, not yours.
text: JESSE stands from his chair and fetches the newspapers from the sofa.
text: BOB watches as he almost misses and then retrieves the Kansas City
text: times from under the shawl. JESSE sits again and stirs a spoon in his
dialog: cup.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Hello now! The surrender of Dick Liddil.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (too urgent)
dialog: You don’t say so!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It’s very strange.
dialog: 97
text: BOB sees the crease in his brow, the fret in his reading eyes, the
text: nicotine stain on his finger moving down the page.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It says here Dick surrendered three weeks
dialog: ago,
text: He glances at BOB with misgivings.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You must’ve been right there in the
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Apparently they kept it secret.
text: JESSE slumps back in his chair and glares at BOB and CHARLEY.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It looks sort of fishy to me.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: If I get to Kansas City soon, I’m going to
dialog: ask somebody about it.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - MORNING
text: BOB gets up and goes into the sitting room with his right hand on his
text: gun and reacquaints himself with the rocking chair.
text: TIM is hunkered down on the stoop outside, coercing the crank on the
text: coffee grinder. MARY squats beside him, pushing her Pale dress down
text: between her thighs, stabbing at the earth with a Spoon, and repeating:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Don’t. Don’t. Don’t.
text: CHARLEY walks into the sitting room.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: It’s going to be as hot as a pistol.
text: He sits on the mattress and loops his holster off the bedpost, looking
text: significantly at BOB as he puts it on.
text: JESSE surprises them.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You two ready?
text: BOB jumps up from the rocker and it rears and rows, ¢lubbing the floor,
text: until he can still it with his hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I will be by noon.
text: JESSE looks out the window and sees:
text: His daughter’s shoe on the grass.
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It’s an awfully hot day.
text: JESSE removes his Prince Albert coat and six button black vest.
text: CHARLEY shambles over to the screen door to scan Lafayette Street.
text: JESSE proclaims in a sentence that seems composed just for Bob:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I guess I'll take off my pistols for fear the
dialog: neighbors will spy them if I walk out into
dialog: the yard.
text: CHARLEY turns from the screen door with vexation on his face. BOB’S
text: thumb twitches as he lowers his hand to his gun.
text: JESSE unbuckles his holsters and lays them on the bed as if creating an
dialog: exhibit.
text: JESSE focuses on the picture of Skyrocket:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: That picture’s awful dusty.
text: He withdraws a furniture duster and climbs a rush-bottomed chair.
text: BOB slinks from the wall and stands between JESSE and his two
text: revolvers.
text: He shakes his fingers like a gunfighter and instructs his brother with
text: scared eyes.
text: CHARLEY steps further into the room and the two FORDS slip out their
dialog: guns.
text: BOB extends his .44 and cocks it with three soft clicks.
text: JESSE swivels slightly, authentically surprised, reaching for a gun
dialog: that isn’t there.
text: Then BOB FORD‘S .44 ignites and a red stamp seems to paste itself just
text: behind the outlaw’s right ear. His face socks into the watercolor
text: glass. Gunpowder and gun noise fills the room. JESSE drops from his
text: knees and smacks onto the floor like a great animal, shaking the house
dialog: with his fall.
text: ZEE rushes into a room that is still blue with smoke and screams.
text: BOB slowly retreats and straddles the windowsill.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: What have you done?
text: BOB looks stricken, as though he wants to apologize but can’t.
text: JESSE looks at the ceiling, his fingers curl and uncurl, his mouth
dialog: works at making words.
dialog: 99
text: ZEE kneels and cradles his skull in her apron.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: Jesse, Jesse, Jesse.
text: Her petticoats are quickly soaked red with his blood.
text: TIM is at the door; seeing everything.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: Bob, have you done this?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I swear to God that I didn’t.
text: JESSE sighs and grows heavy on her legs. His muscles Slack; the blood
text: is as wide as a table. He makes a syllable like ‘God’ and then
text: everything inside him stops. CHARLEY collects their hats and coats.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
text: The pistol went off accidentally.
text: The two FORDS make their way to the door.
scene_heading: EXT LAFAYETTE STREET - MORNING
text: The brothers run down Confusion Hill, their coats flying.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCIAL DISTRICT, ST. JOSEPH - MORNING
text: They cut through yards and down alleys until they attain the American
dialog: Telegraph office.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN TELEGRAPH OFFICE - MORNING
text: A telegram is being transmitted:
scene_heading: I HAVE KILLED JESSE JAMES. BOB FORD
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE ON THE HILL ~ DAY
text: RUBBERNECKERS, NEIGHBORS and CHILDREN are collected in twos and threes
text: in the yard.
text: BOB and CHARLEY approach DEPUTY JAMES FINLEY. CHARLEY is coughing from
text: his exertions, BOB catches his wind and asks:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m the man who killed the person in that
dialog: house. He’s the notorious outlaw Jesse James,
dialog: or I am mistaken.
text: FINLEY looks at BOB like he’s Playing a stupid prank.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Are you Marshal Craig?
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: FINLEY
text: That's him coming up the hill.
text: He points out CITY MARSHALL ENOS CRAIG climbing towards them with the
text: coroner DR. JAMES HEDDENS and JOHN LEONARD of the St. Joseph Gazette.
text: BOB runs down to meet them.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Can I speak to you privately?
text: The city marshal lingers. The coroner and reporter continue on to the
dialog: cottage.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: HEDDENS and LEONARD enter. They see the body on the carpet: The left
text: eyelid closed, the right blue eye asleep. The mouth slightly ajar.
text: HEDDENS kneels to take the man’s pulse, and examine the excavation in
text: his skull.
speaker_heading: DR. HEDDENS
dialog: Do you know who it is, John?
text: The reporter is making notes..
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Haven't the slightest idea.
text: A girl of SIXTEEN comes out of a side room.
speaker_heading: GIRL OF SIXTEEN
dialog: His wife’s in here.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: JOHN LEONARD enters. ZEE sits on the bed and cries into her hands. Her
text: calico dress is saturated with blood. A FAT WOMAN sits beside her with
text: her arm around the widow’s shoulder. A girl of twelve is crouched with
text: the children. JOHN LEONARD writes in his notebook.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: : ZEE
dialog: Oh, please don’t put this in the paper.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: I’m afraid that’s my job.
text: DR. HEDDENS enters.
speaker_heading: DR. HEDDENS
dialog: What's your name, Madame?
speaker_heading: 2EE
dialog: Mrs. Howard.
speaker_heading: DR. HEDDENS
dialog: Is that your husband?
dialog: 101
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: DR. HEDDENS
dialog: Do you know who killed him?
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: Our two cousins, the Johnsons.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: MARSHAL CRAIG enters with BOB and CHARLEY. JOHN LEONARD is now lodged
text: outside the master bedroom door - discretely recording ZEE’S
text: conversation with HEDDENS. The City Marshal crosses over to the
dialog: reporter and whispers:
speaker_heading: MARSHAL CRAIG
dialog: Do you know who these boys say that man is?
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Someone named Howard.
speaker_heading: MARSHAL CRAIG
dialog: They claim its Jesse James.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Go on!
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: MARSHAL CRAIG sits on the bed and takes ZEE’S hand.
speaker_heading: MARSHAL CRAIG
dialog: Mrs. Howard? The boys who have killed your
dialog: husband are here. They tell me your husband
dialog: is Jesse James.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: You don’t mean they’ve come back!
text: She slumps against his shoulder, weeping.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: -MARSHAL CRAIG
dialog: You know, it would be a lot more restful for
dialog: your soul if you'd speak the truth. The
dialog: public would think mighty highly of you; your
dialog: children wouldn't ever again want for
dialog: anything.
text: She rubs her eyes with her sleeve.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: T want to go see him.
speaker_heading: MARSHAL CRAIG
dialog: How’s that?
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: I want to see my husband.
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: MARSHAL CRAIG
dialog: dust lean your weight on me.
text: The two walk into the sitting room.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: BOB shrinks back when he sees ZEE and CHARLEY moves to the screen door.
speaker_heading: ZEE
dialog: You cowards! You snakes! How could you kill
dialog: your friend?
text: CHARLEY slouches outside and BOB follows, clapping the screen door
dialog: shut.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: A SMALL BOY runs down the street yelling:
speaker_heading: SMALL BOY
dialog: It’s Jesse James! Jesse James! Jesse James!
text: The crowd ogles them. LEONARD approaches.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: You mean that really is Jesse James?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Isn't that what we’ve been saying since we
dialog: come?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Have someone twist off that gold ring on his
dialog: finger. You’ll find a script with the name
text: Jesse James inside. .
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: Why’d you kill him?
dialog: ' Bop
dialog: Say: we wanted to rid the country of a
dialog: bloodthirsty outlaw.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You should mention the reward too.
speaker_heading: LEONARD
dialog: You shot him for money?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Only ten thousand dollars!
text: BOB scowls at this.
dialog: 103
dialog: I‘1l mention that you are young but gritty.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: We are all grit. You never expected to see
dialog: Jesse's carcass in St. Joe, did you? We
dialog: thought we'd create a sensation by putting
text: him away.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE ON THE HILL — LATER.
text: The body is carried and placed in a glass-sided carriage.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFUSION HILL - DAY
text: The carriage is followed down the hill by a PROCESSION of MOURNERS
text: including ZEE JAMES.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, HOUSE ON THE HILL — DAY.
text: SNOOPS and ONLOOKERS swarm around the cottage, viewing whatever they
text: can through the window.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - DAY
text: PEOPLE investigate the stables, appraising the horses. They steal
text: whatever they can fit up their sleeves; horseshoes, hammers, nails.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, HOUSE ON THE HILL - DAY
text: POLICE move people back from the house. They nail the window sashes
dialog: shut.
text: In amongst all the bustle an ONLOOKER moves over to TIM and smiles at
text: the boy as if they know each other.
speaker_heading: ONLOOKER
dialog: So you're Jesse Edwards James.
text: The boy is mystified.
dialog: I
speaker_heading: ONLOOKER
dialog: Do you know who Jesse James is?
text: The boy shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ONLOOKER
dialog: Do you know what your father’s name was?
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Daddy.
text: The ONLOOKER laughs.
scene_heading: INT. SEIDENFADEN UNDERTAKING — DAY
dialog: 104
text: JESSE'S body is strapped to a board with ropes. The board is tilted
text: nearly vertical and a camera lens uncapped. A room full of
text: CORRESPONDENTS wait for the exposure.
scene_heading: EXT. ALEX LOZO PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO - DAY
text: REPORTERS follow the PHOTOGRAPHER as he carries the photographic dry-
text: plate back to the studio.
scene_heading: INSERT: JESSE'S REQUIEM PHOTOGRAPH DEVELOPING.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: The resulting prints sold for two dollars a
dialog: piece
text: INSERT: MAGAZINE COVERS come off a PRINTING PRESS
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: and were the models for the lithographed
text: covers on a number of magazines.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIL DEPOT - DAY
text: A sign is hung announcing departure times to St. Joseph.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: Railway companies had by then rather
dialog: gleefully scheduled special coaches that
text: would carry the inquisitive to the city at
dialog: greatly reduced rates;
scene_heading: EXT. LAFAYETTE ST - DAY
text: CROWDS make the journey up Confusion Hill.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: Soon a thousand strangers were making
text: spellbound pilgrimages to the cottage
scene_heading: INT. SEIDENFADEN UNDERTAKING - DAY
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: or were venerating the iced remains in
text: Seidenfaden‘s cooling room.
text: ZEE JAMES sits catatonically in a chair, unmindful of the other
text: visitors, merely staring at the slain man.
dialog: Move in on JESSE.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: The man who offered thirty thousand dollars
dialog: for the body of Charles Guiteau sent a
dialog: telegram to City Marshal Enos Craig offering
dialog: fifty thousand for the body of Jesse Woodson
dialog: James so that he could go around the country
dialog: with it, or at least sell it to P. T. Barnum
dialog: for his ‘Greatest Show on Earth.’
dialog: 105
scene_heading: REPORTER MONTAGE:
scene_heading: EXT. ST JOSEPH/VARIOUS ~ DAY
dialog: (Action as per voice-over: )
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
text: Reporters roamed the city, gathering
text: anecdotes and apocrypha, garnering interviews
dialog: with the principals. Studies showed that real
dialog: Estate values in Missouri would increase by
dialog: thirty-three percent with the removal of the
dialog: outlaw, and one reporter noted that a man who
dialog: was selling his farm had already raised the
dialog: price by five hundred dollars.
scene_heading: INT. JACOB SPENCER'S LIBRARY - NIGHT
dialog: (Action as per voice-over: )
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT'D)
dialog: Jacob Spencer, the man who owned the St.
dialog: Joseph News, went to his library late that
dialog: afternoon and began seven nights work on what
dialog: would become The Life and Career of Frank and
dialog: Jesse James,
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE, COMMERCIAL DISTRICT, ST. JOSEPH - pay
dialog: (Action as per voice-over: )
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: a two hundred-page book that sold out as soon
dialog: as it reached the stores on April 12". Five
dialog: hundred thousand copies would have been
dialog: needed to meet the demand.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE ON THE HILL - NIGHT
dialog: (Action as per voice-over:) A
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
text: A man crept into the cottage that night and
text: cut out a swatch of the bloodstained carpet.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREET - DAY
dialog: (Action as per voice-over: )
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT'D)
dialog: The next afternoon he was in Chicago selling
dialog: square inches of the material for five
dialog: dollars.
scene_heading: EXT. HANNIBAL AND ST. JOSEPH RAILROAD DEPOT - DAY
dialog: we’
dialog: 106
text: Rain. ZERELDA SAMUELS steps off the train and is greeted by a great
text: throng awaiting her on the platform. She moves in their midst like an
text: Amazon queen - accepting solace and sympathy and sprays of wildflowers.
scene_heading: INT. SEIDENFADEN UNDERTAKING - DAY
text: ZERELDA totters as she walks to the stone slab on which her third born
dialog: son sleeps.
speaker_heading: VOICE (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Can you identify this man as Jesse Woodson
dialog: James?
speaker_heading: ZERELDA
dialog: Yes, it's my son; would to God that it were
dialog: not.
text: She caresses his cold cheek and cries:
speaker_heading: ZERELDA
dialog: O, Jesse! Jesse! Why have they taken you from
dialog: me? 0, the miserable traitors!
text: As the grief stricken mother is led away, a PHOTOGRAPHER is led in:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: Another photograph was taken of the renowned
text: American bandit constricted in his small
text: walnut coffin.
text: INSERT: this new image of JESSE, followed by the HISTORICAL MONUMENTS
dialog: to which he’s compared:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D))
dialog: and it was this shot that was most available
dialog: in sundries stores and apothecaries, to be
text: viewed in a stereoscope along with the
text: Sphinx, the Taj Mahal, the Catacombs of Rome.
scene_heading: EXT. A FUNERAL PROCESSION MAIN STREET, ST. JOSEPH - DAY
text: Rain makes slime of the streets. Yet more than 400 MOURNERS slog after
text: the express company wagon that carries the iron casket to the Hannibal
dialog: and St. Joseph depot.
text: MRS. SAMUELS, MRS. JAMES, and the Two CHILDREN follow in a covered
dialog: hackney.
scene_heading: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE, HENRY CRAIG, and VARIOUS DEPUTIES and
text: CORRESPONDENTS come after them in carriages festooned with black crepe
text: ribbons and bows.
text: CROWDS line the sidewalk, under wet umbrellas or with hair washed slick
text: against their skulls.
text: A CRACKPOT raises a purse pistol and fires at MRS. SAMUELS.
dialog: 107
text: HENRY CRAIG and another MAN leap from their carriage and tackle the
text: drunk into an alley.
scene_heading: INT. ALLEY, ST. JOSEPH - DAY
text: Here they beat him roundly and sprawl him into the gutter.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVING TRAIN - DAY
text: THOUSANDS fence the railroad line, removing their hats as the train
text: passes by. The Coffin is lashed to the rear Platform. SHERIFF
text: T: sits upon it, smoking a pipe.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MARTIN (OVER)
dialog: Man that is born of woman is of a few days,
text: and full of trouble. He cometh forth like a
text: flower, and is cut down: he fleeth as a
dialog: shadow and continueth not.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMUELS FARM, KEARNEY - DAY
text: A VAST NUMBER is gathered in the yard.
text: The open casket rests on chairs under the shade of the coffee bean
dialog: tree.
speaker_heading: REVEREND MARTIN (CONTINUED)
dialog: Lord make me to know mine end and the measure
dialog: of my days; that I may know how frail I am.
dialog: Behold thou hast made my days asa
dialog: handbreadth; and mine age is nothing before
dialog: thee: verily every man-at his best state is
dialog: altogether vanity.
text: We get our last glimpse of JESSE as the casket is covered and nailed
text: shut. On the lid is a silver Plate with the name ‘Jesse James’ spelled
text: out in German Gothic lettering.
text: ZEE and ZERELDA are overmastered by grief and throw themselves on the
text: casket, ZERELDA screaming:
speaker_heading: . ZERELDA
dialog: How can I stand it? How can I stand it? How
dialog: can I stand it?
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0O)
dialog: Zerelda Samuels insisted that the casket be
dialog: reopened to make certain that her son’s arms
text: and legs had not been sawn off and replaced
text: with limbs of wax.
text: SHERIFF TIMBERLAKE goes dutifully for a screwdriver.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: But Reverend Martin soothed the woman with
dialog: practiced words about a calculus in heaven
dialog: that adjusts for our privations and
dialog: compensates for our losses.
dialog: '
dialog: 108
text: The casket is jarringly lowered on ropes as those gathered sing ‘We
dialog: Will Wait Till Jesus Comes’
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: INT. ALEX LOZO’S PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO - DAY
text: BOB sits for a studio Portrait. He poses on a staircase with a gleaming
text: Peacemaker artificially rested on his left thigh. A CROWD of REPORTERS
dialog: attend him.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: How do you feel, Bob?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Bully.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: You‘re right handed ain’t ya, Bob?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Then why have you got the gun in your left?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Jesse was left-handed.
scene_heading: INSERT: THE RESULTING PICTURE:
text: BOB looks impossibly young, like a grocery clerk accidentally caught
text: with a pistol in his hand.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: He could still smell the gunpowder on his
text: fingers, could still feel the jolt of the gun
text: going off. But that was all. He'd seen no
text: Phantoms. Listened to no incorporeal voices.
dialog: Was subjected to no nightmares. He was asked
dialog: if he was afraid of reprisals by Frank James
dialog: but revenge was not a worry really; it was if
dialog: no person could harm him once Jesse was
dialog: underground.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: MANHATTAN
speaker_heading: ONE YEAR LATER
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY THEATRE (ESTABLISHING) - NIGHT
scene_heading: INT. BROADWAY THEATRE - NIGHT
dialog: 109
text: We are behind an actor silhouetted by footlights:
speaker_heading: ACTOR
dialog: Hello, here! The surrender of Dick Liddil!
dialog: Young man, I thought you told me you didn’t
dialog: know that Dick had surrendered.
text: PAN to reveal BOB: He’s groomed as a European Prince, and sports a
dialog: glued-on mustache:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You mean he did? I didn’t know!
text: FRONT ANGLE: BOB and CHARLEY are on a stage: The set behind them
text: resembles the sitting room of the cottage on Confusion Hill. CHARLEY
text: re-sticks his moustache and continues his bad impersonation of JESSE:
dialog: Well, it’s very strange. He surrendered three
dialog: weeks ago and you was right there in the
text: neighborhood. It looks fishy.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR. (V/O)
dialog: It was widely felt that Bob possessed some
dialog: acting talent and Charley not a jot:
text: CHARLEY takes off his revolvers and flings them onto the bed - his
text: voice yells for the balcony:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: In case you’re wondering why I took my guns
dialog: off, it’s because I might want to walk in the
dialog: yard.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: Charley was only expected not to slouch or
dialog: mutter and to transport his sicknesses to the
text: alley before letting them go.
text: CHARLEY’S fetches a feather duster and flags it towards an implausible
dialog: painting of the death of Julius Caesar:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: That picture’s awful dusty!
text: BOB rises surreptitiously from his chair. CHARLEY flicks the duster.
text: BOB rests his hand on his gun and turns to the audience:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Up to that moment the thought of killing him
dialog: had never entered my mind, but as he stood
dialog: there, unarmed, it came to me suddenly, ‘Now
dialog: or never is your chance. If you don’t get him
dialog: now, he’ll get you tonight.’
text: BOB raises his gun.
text: Some in the audience stir with anticipation.
dialog: ~
dialog: 110
text: BOB lets the hammer snap and a charge of gunpowder explodes with a
text: great noise on the stage.
text: The audience gasps.
text: CHARLEY reels on the chair, claps his Palms to his chest and crashes
text: unauthentically to the floor.
text: A GIRL playing Mrs. James runs onto stage from the right and permits
text: herself a blood-curdling scream.
text: The house lights dim to darkness. Then rise on a stage which contains
text: only Robert Ford. He slings his gun and proclaims with gravity:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: That is how I killed Jesse James.
text: The curtain rings down to magnanimous applause.
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT.
text: BOB, dressed in fine clothes, eats in an elegant restaurant, fawned
text: over by PRETTY TEENAGED dancing girls. They are a rowdy group.
scene_heading: EXT. CONEY ISLAND - DAY
text: GIRLS approach BOB and his DATE at the seashore.
scene_heading: INT. FANCY HOTEL - DAY
text: A GROUP of PEOPLE approach BOB in a hotel lobby, wanting to shake his
text: hand. Over these images we hear the narrator:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: By October of 1883, Bob Ford could be
dialog: identified correctly by more citizens than
dialog: could the president of the United States. He
dialog: Was as renowned at twenty as Jesse was after
text: fourteen years of Grand Larceny. In an age
dialog: where the average wage was twelve cents an
dialog: hour, Bob was making fifty dollars a
dialog: Performance, so he could easily think himself
dialog: rich.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLEY’S HOTEL ROOM, MANHATTAN - NIGHT
text: CHARLEY, looking harried and hollow eyed and lonely. Surrounded by
dialog: occult paraphernalia.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: Charley was increasingly superstitious,
text: increasingly subject to the advice of gypsies
dialog: who promised to cure his miseries with green
text: teas, pipe smoke, Poultices, even jolts of
text: electricity cranked into his wrists with a
dialog: magnet generator.
dialog: 111
scene_heading: INT. ELEGANT RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: CHARLEY has joined BOB and one of his GIRLFRIENDS for dinner. CHARLEY
text: whispers into the girl’s ear:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I know exactly who you're working for. You
dialog: won’t get your hooks into me.
text: The GIRLFRIEND is disturbed.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: He compared all females unfavorably to Mrs.
dialog: Zee James, whom he spoke of as certain
dialog: priests might the Madonna,
scene_heading: INT. CHARLEY’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: CHARLEY writes:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0 CONT'D)
dialog: and composed long, soul describing letters to
text: her, begging her forgiveness, none of which
dialog: he mailed.
scene_heading: INT. BROADWAY THEATRE - NIGHT
text: Details of the performance: CHARLEY’S walk, his mouth, his hand
dialog: gestures.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: Something began to change in Charley's stage
dialog: portrayal of Jesse: his limp seemed more
text: practiced, his high voice was spookily ~
text: similar to the man’s, his newly suggested
dialog: dialogue was analogous to a script Jesse
dialog: might have originated.
text: BOB'S performance is enhanced too; by very real alarm at his brother.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: Too many gunshots on the stage and too many
dialog: resignations to Bob's betrayal were
dialog: separating the Ford Brothers as Charley
dialog: accepted the obligation of personifying Jesse
dialog: James.
text: CLOSE on CHARLEY/JESSE looking antagonistically at BOB.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: He began to look at his younger brother with
dialog: spite, as if he suspected that in some future
dialog: performance he might present himself to a
text: live cartridge in Robert Ford’s gun.
text: A disturbed and shaken BOB shoots CHARLEY/JESSE yet again.
scene_heading: INT. BOWERY SALOON - NIGHT
dialog: 112
text: BOB is drunk, wrung out and disheveled. A SINGER tunes his guitar and
text: begins to play:
speaker_heading: SINGER
dialog: Jesse James was a man who killed many men/He
dialog: robbed the Glendale train/He stole from the
dialog: rich and he gave to the poor/he’d a hand and
text: a heart and a brain.
text: The SINGER begins to stroll the room: coming so near BOB that BOB has
text: to pull back his legs to let him pass.
speaker_heading: SINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh Jesse had a wife to mourn for his
dialog: life/three children, they were brave/But that
dialog: dirty little coward that shot Mister Howard
text: has laid Jesse James in his grave.
text: BOB works at registering no change in expression.
speaker_heading: SINGER (CONT’D)
dialog: It was Robert Ford, that dirty little
dialog: coward/I wonder how does he feel?/For he ate
dialog: of Jesse's bread/and he slept in Jesse's bed/
text: Then he laid Jesse James in his grave.
text: Finally BOB can stand it no longer. He takes out his gun and fires into
text: the floor. The noise is deafening. Everyone turns to BOB_in the silence
text: that follows. BOB lurches slowly to his feet.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (swaying drunk)
dialog: I’m Robert Ford.
text: He flings his pistol at the SINGER and tilts slightly from the alcohol.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You gonna fight me, see who the coward is?
speaker_heading: SINGER
dialog: I ain’t gonna fight you, boy. You get on
dialog: outta here.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Huh?
scene_heading: MAN AT THE RAIL
dialog: Sleep it off.
text: Someone slaps Bob on the back, sending him a step or two before he
text: regains himself.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Any you wanna fight me? Huh? Who's it gonna
dialog: be?
dialog: 113
text: They look at him silently. Watch as he slips on peanut shells, and ends
text: up on the floor, tears glinting in his eyes. He gets to his feet and
text: sways for a moment.
speaker_heading: SALOONKEEPER
dialog: Get on home now, son. Go on! Get yourself
dialog: outta my place.
scene_heading: EXT, BOWERY STREET - MORNING
text: BOB wakes with a dog licking his face.
scene_heading: INT. BOSTON THEATRE - NIGHT
text: A voice comes from the dark beyond the footlights:
speaker_heading: HECKLER (UNSEEN)
dialog: Murderer! Cur!
text: BOB strides towards the insults.
speaker_heading: HECKLER (UNSEEN)
dialog: Coward!
text: BOB shields his eyes from the glare, searching for his antagonist in
dialog: the large audience:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You want to investigate my courage? Do you?
text: The HECKLER stands in the crowd.
speaker_heading: HECKLER
dialog: Coward!
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE LOBBY ~ LATER
text: BOB’S clothes are shredded and he’s covered in blood from head to toe
text: as he’s shackled by POLICEMEN.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: You may be the Ford brothers or the James
dialog: Brothers but you cahnt drink blood in Boston.
scene_heading: EXT. BUCKINGHAM THEATRE, LOUIVILLE, KENTUCKY - DAY
text: A ‘sold out’ sticker is plastered over the playbill for I shot vesse
dialog: James. .
scene_heading: INT. BUCKINGHAM THEATRE - NIGHT
dialog: 114
text: BOB stands silhouetted on stage while a great crowd hisses and jeers
text: and pelts him with garbage. When he uneasily raises his gun at
text: CHARLEY/JESSE they riot: Surging over the footlights, swamping him and
text: destroying the set.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: By his own approximation, Bob assassinated
dialog: Jesse James over eight hundred times; he
dialog: suspected no one in history had ever so often
dialog: or so publicly recapitulated an act of
dialog: betrayal, and he imagined that no degree of
dialog: grief or penitence could change the country’s
text: ill regard for him. He thought about
dialog: committing suicide, but decided even that
dialog: would be judged just one more act of
dialog: cowardice.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION, KANSAS CITY - pay
text: BOB steps off the train. He is going on 22. He's dapper, glamorous,
text: Physically strong, comparatively rich, and psychologically injured.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION, KANSAS CITY - DAY
text: A MAN crosses the street to spit on hin.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
text: He thought, at his angriest, about visiting
text: the kin of Jesse’s slaughtered victims: Mrs.
dialog: William Westfall in Plattsburg, the Wymore
dialog: family in Clay County, perhaps even Mrs.
dialog: Joseph Heywood in Northfield, Minnesota. He
dialog: would go to their homes and give his name as
dialog: Robert Ford, ‘The man who killed Jesse
dialog: James.‘ He imagined they would be grateful to
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMUEL’S FARM — NIGHT
text: BOB sneaks up on the SAMUEL'S HOMESTEAD.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT‘D)
dialog: But in actuality Bob made only one irregular
dialog: journey and that one was to Kearney,
dialog: Missouri.
text: BOB stands before the nine foot monument under the coffee bean tree and
text: runs his fingers over the inscription:
dialog: In Loving Remembrance
speaker_heading: JESSE W. JAMES
dialog: Died April 3, 1882
dialog: Murdered By a Traitor and Coward
dialog: Whose Name Is Not Worthy To
dialog: Appear Here.
text: Hold on BOB.
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: INT. CHARLEY’S ROOM - DAY.
text: CHARLEY FORD enters the room and lays down on his bed. He takes his
text: revolver from it’s scabbard and shoots himself through the heart.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: Charley Ford became all that his countrymen
dialog: wanted an assassin of Jesse James to be.
scene_heading: EXT. RICHMOND - DAY
text: A funeral: The SURVIVING FORDS watch CHARLEY’S COFFIN being lowered
text: into the ground.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: Except for Bob, the rest of the Fords
dialog: completed their lifetimes peacefully and
dialog: disappeared from history.
scene_heading: SAMUEL'S FARM (MONTAGE) - DAY
dialog: Action as per voice-over:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: Zerelda Samiels remained on the Kearney farm.
dialog: Her greatest source of income was the twenty-
dialog: five cent tours of the grounds and rooms,
dialog: during which she gave gasconades about her
dialog: slaughtered sons. She would cozen many of her
dialog: guests, make them feel especially privileged,
dialog: and at last agree to sell them a stone from
text: the grave or, at much greater expense, a worn
text: shoe from one of the James boy's steeds.
text: (These we see he her buying from a BLACKSMITH by the wheelbarrow load.
text: The stones are shoveled from Clear Creek and spread on the grave.)
speaker_heading: ZERELDA SAMUELS (GLASS PLATE PHOTOGRAPH)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: She outlived three husbands and four of the
dialog: eight children she bore and she showed no
dialog: signs of sickness when she retired to a
dialog: pullman sleeper in 1911 and there died of a
text: stroke at the age of eighty-seven.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL, KANSAS CITY - DAY
text: ZEE JAMES works with a bucket and mop.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: Zee returned to Kansas City in 1882 and
dialog: worked there as a cleaning woman and
text: seamstress in a manner that many construed as
dialog: penitent.
dialog: 116
scene_heading: INT. ZEE’S ROOM - DAY,
text: ZEE, alone.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: She retired from the public eye, shunning
text: reporters, seeking retreat. She felt
text: crippled, forsaken, marooned. Jesse was her
dialog: vitality, her vigor, her crucial ingredient
dialog: and she gratefully accepted death in 1900 at
dialog: the age of fifty-five.
scene_heading: INT. MARY JAME'S HOME - DAY.
text: MARY JAMES, now an adult, at dinner with her family.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: Her daughter, Mary, married an affluent
dialog: farmer and gave birth to three boys ona
text: Property across the road from her father’s
dialog: birthplace. She called no Particular
dialog: attention to her heritage and many who knew
dialog: her when she passed away in 1935 were
text: surprised by her maiden name.
speaker_heading: JESSE EDWARDS JAMES (PHOTO MONTAGE)
text: Actual stills of JESSE JNR at various times in his life and clips from
dialog: the movies described:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: Her brother took great advantage of the name
dialog: Jesse Edwards James. He played semi-
dialog: professional baseball, ran a cigar stand, and
dialog: became an attorney-at-law in Kansas and Los
dialog: Angeles. When Jesse was twenty-four he wrote
dialog: the memoir Jesse James My Father; in 1921 he
dialog: financed and acted in the movie Under the
dialog: Black Flag, and some years later he was a
dialog: highly paid technical adviser to Paramount
dialog: Pictures when they produced their counterfeit
dialog: Jesse James, starring Tyrone Power. Jesse
dialog: Edwards James died in California in 1951.
scene_heading: EXT. BALTIMORE STREET - DAY
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: Alexander Franklin James was in Baltimore
dialog: when he read about the assassination of Jesse
dialog: James.
text: FRANK walks past a newspaper stand and sees the headline
dialog: Jehova.’
dialog: ‘Its Jesse, by
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: He had spurned his younger brother for being
dialog: peculiar and temperamental, but once he
dialog: perceived he’d never see Jesse again, Frank
text: was wrought up, perplexed, despondent.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK, NEW YORK - DAY.
text: FRANK, grief-stricken and isolated.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: The East seemed a foreign country to him, and
dialog: whichever city he visited seemed an
text: uninhabited island without Jesse alive.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNOR'S OFFICE, JEFFERSON CITY - DAY
text: A_CROWD of REPORTERS, OFFICALS and POLICE have gathered to witness
speaker_heading: FRANK‘S surrender:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
text: Frank surrender his arms to governor
dialog: Crittenden on October 5%, 1882.
speaker_heading: FRANK
speaker_heading: (to CRITTENDEN)
dialog: I want to hand over to you my guns which no
dialog: man has been permitted to touch since 1861,
dialog: and to say that I am your prisoner.
speaker_heading: PHOTO MONTAGE:
text: FRANK at parties. CROWDS awaiting his appearance at train stations,
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: The government accorded privileges to Prank
dialog: James; he was given parties, gentile
dialog: receptions, magnificent presents and
text: accommodations, an opulent coach carried him
dialog: to his trials in Jackson County; to some it
dialog: seemed that the State of Missouri had
dialog: surrendered to Frank James rather than the
dialog: other way round.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY.
text: FRANK in the witness box. We cant hear what he’s saying but his manner
dialog: is cool and collected.
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: He evinced dignity, intelligence, rectitude
dialog: and sobriety. He represented every quality
dialog: that gentlemen then were eager to possess. He
dialog: could speak passable German and French; he
dialog: could recite one thousand lines of
dialog: Shakespeare; he was not suspiciously
dialog: attractive; he had fought on the right side
dialog: in the Civil war.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE ~ DAY
text: A jubilant CROWD has gathered. FRANK shakes hands with members of the
speaker_heading: JURY.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: So it was that in spite of more than
dialog: circumstantial evidence linking Frank James
dialog: to a great many crimes, the man never served
text: a day in the penitentiary.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S JOBS (A PHOTO MONTAGE)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: He acted as a race starter, a shoe salesman,
dialog: he accepted tickets at the Standard Theatre
dialog: in St. Louis, refusing all invitations to see
text: the saucy burlesque show inside.
scene_heading: EXT. CIVIL WAR CEMETARY - DAY
text: FRANK wanders among the gravestones, attended by a REPORTER:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: He was a survivor and it made him feel
dialog: guilty. It seemed to Frank that grace came
dialog: upon him without merit, that he’d been
dialog: pardoned without justification or purpose.
text: FRANK squatted at an ill-kept grave. He straightens and roughs the
dialog: earth from his hands:
speaker_heading: ‘FRANK
dialog: ‘Then two shall be in the field; the one
dialog: shall be taken, and the other left.’
scene_heading: MONTAGE: SAMUELS FARM
text: FRANK, nearing the end of his life.
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: After his mother’s death he settled once
dialog: again on the Kearney farm. Here he lived out
dialog: his days, walking from room to room with
dialog: tourists, who now paid fifty cents to see the
dialog: Bible that Jesse read, and one of the guns he
dialog: shot. Alexander Franklin James died on
dialog: February 18™ 1915.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: CREEDE, COLORADO 1892
scene_heading: EXT. EXCHANGE CLUB - DAY
text: We are moving behind a man pulling ice in a child’s red wagon. He comes
text: upon a young woman (DOROTHY EVANS) in a long green gown of dainty
text: frills and ruffles.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I was expecting someone old and ugly.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Creede has a supply of them: just who in
dialog: particular?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You are Bob Ford?
text: FRONT ANGLE on BOB FORD, now thirty years old.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: And proud of it too.
scene_heading: INT. EXCHANGE CLUB - DAY
text: Against all odds, BOB has prospered; his Exchange Club is a palace.
text: DOROTHY EVANS gives BOB her story:
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I was brought up in an orphanage run by the
dialog: sisters of Mercy. My only skirt was a flour
dialog: sack until I married a mining engineer in
dialog: Denver. He died of pneumonia, though, and
dialog: desperation has pushed me into the life of a
dialog: courtesan.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You mean a prostitute. You don’t have to
dialog: sugar things with me.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I'm not ashamed of it; I just like the word.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’ve got some call for it, if you’re willing.
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Could be.
text: She pulls a gold case from her purse and BOB lights her cigarette,
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You know who I am?
text: She nods eagerly, like a girl slightly in love with her teacher.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Bob Ford.
speaker_heading: BOB
text: The man who shot Jesse James.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I’ve seen your picture.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: So you were lying.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You said you were expecting someone old and
dialog: ugly, when you knew just what I looked like.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: (sweet smile)
dialog: I was making conversation.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How much of that is true, about the orphanage
dialog: and the Sisters of Mercy and the mining
dialog: engineer?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Hardly any.
dialog: BOB is finding her very engaging: '
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Do you have a given name or do you just
dialog: generally make something up?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Dorothy.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You can sing though, can’t you?
scene_heading: INT. EXCHANGE CLUB - NIGHT
text: DOROTHY sings ‘Only a Bird in a Gilded Cage’
dialog: for a packed house
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: It was only with Dorothy Evans that Bob spoke
text: revealingly or plainly, and it was with her
dialog: that he spoke of things he didn’t know he
dialog: knew.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS, CREEDE - DAY
text: BOB and DOROTHY stroll the snowy streets of Creede. BOB is
text: extraordinary in his dress; a dandy in his gentleman’s clothes and
text: cane. SHOPKEEPERS and CITIZENS greet him, defer to him. He is like a
dialog: king in this town.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: He told her that he had no real memory of the
dialog: shooting and its aftermath: He could remember
text: lifting the gun that Jesse had given him and
text: then it was Good Friday and he was reading
dialog: about the funeral proceedings as if they'd
dialog: happened a long time ago.
scene_heading: EXT. FROZEN LAKE - DAY
text: BOB and DOROTHY are among a crowd of ICE-SKATERS, enjoying the Sunday
dialog: afternoon:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR | (V/O CONT'D)
dialog: He explained that he'd kept the newspaper
dialog: clippings from April 1882 and repeatedly
text: Poured over them, each time feeling aped,
text: cruelly maligned by the Robert Ford that the
dialog: correspondents chose to put into print.
text: On BOB, happy.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: He was ashamed of his persiflage, his
dialog: boasting, his pretensions of courage and
dialog: ruthlessness; he was sorry about his cold-
dialog: bloodedness, his dispassion, his i: ility to
dialog: express what he now believed was the case:
scene_heading: INT. EXCHANGE CLUB - NIGHT
text: DOROTHY brings him a beer.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: That he truly regretted killing Jesse, that
dialog: he missed the man as much as anybody and
dialog: wished his murder hadn’t been necessary.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Was it?
text: BOB looks at her without comment.
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: How I mean it is: why was it you killed him?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: He was going to kill me.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: So you were scared and that’s the only
dialog: reason?
text: He sips from his beer.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: And the reward money.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Do you want me to change the subject?
text: He looks at her in a calculating way.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Do you know what I expected? Applause. I was
dialog: only twenty years old then. I couldn’t see
dialog: how it would look to people. I’ve been
text: surprised by what’s happened.
scene_heading: INT. EXCHANGE CLUB - NIGHT
text: EDWARD O KELLY comes in and takes a seat at the crowded bar.
text: He seems to argue with himself before shrugging off his wool coat. He
text: seems wild, insane, and fifty years old, though he’s only thirty-five.
text: O KELLY unsnugs his gun and jostles through the gambling hall crowd to
text: close on BOB. He pulls up his pistol.
speaker_heading: FEMALE BYSTANDER
dialog: He‘s going to kill you!
text: But BOB only smiles and pretends he’s Jesse as he approaches KELLY with
dialog: arms outstretched:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Hey! You oughta let bygones be bygones!
text: His congenial grin slows O KELLY just enough to allow BOB to slap his
text: cheek and clasp his pistol. He jolts O KELLY awry and slams his knee
text: into the man’s mouth. O KELLY collapses with a split upper lip and then
text: BOB slams his skull with the pistol.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Get out! Get out and don’t you ever set foot
dialog: in my place again.
speaker_heading: © KELLY
dialog: 3 wuss 2 will
dialog: 
dialog: 123
text: BOB stamps the floor and O KELLY shies, cringing under his lifted arm.
text: BOB laughs and rejoins the corner table of gamblers. They clap his back
text: with approval. DOROTHY crosses to him, and he says to her:
speaker_heading: BOB
text: It just goes on and on.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: SOAPY SMITH, a confidence man, sitting with his BODYGUARDS, watching O
text: KELLY get back into his coat, and exiting into the snow storm.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE EXCHANGE CLUB - NIGHT
text: SOAPY SMITH catches up to KELLY under an arc lamp. Blood is dripping
text: off the man’s chin and he spits out chips of teeth like gravel.
speaker_heading: O KELLY
dialog: Second time I’ve tried to get that son of a
dialog: bitch.
text: SOAPY wings an arm around the man’s neck.
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: Why don’t we see if we can’t get you stitched
dialog: up.
scene_heading: INT. BOB & DOROTHY’S APARTMENT - DAY
text: BOB sits in a green leather chair while SOAPY SMITH Prowls his
text: apartment with a cigar and brandy snifter, appraising objects in the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: So, you know who I am?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’ve heard stories; not that I put much stock
dialog: in what those goddam newspapers say.
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: You couldn’t, could you. 1
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Meaning what?
text: SOAPY ignores that, his attention on the Paperweight he’s holding.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Just. what was it you had in mind with this
dialog: meeting? Outside of making an inventory of
dialog: all my worldly goods.
text: SOAPY resettles in a chair and swishes brandy from cheek to cheek.
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: Do you know what you shoulda done about
dialog: Jesse?
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: No; why don’t you tell me.
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I will then. one night you oughta gone out
dialog: and sorta lagged behind old Jess on your
dialog: horse. You get your gun out and yell his name
dialog: and once he spins around, bang! You coulda
dialog: said you two had an argument and shot it out
dialog: and you come out the victor. I guess you
dialog: never thought of it though.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I wasn’t big enough.
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: You sure done the wrong thing, killing the
text: man with his wife and kids close by, and his
dialog: guns off and, well, you know what you did.
dialog: You oughta said you were sorry.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I figure if I’m sorry or not, that’s my own
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: Don‘t matter! You ought to apologize and give |
text: ‘em what they want! A man looks at Bob Ford
dialog: now and you know what he sees? He sees pride
dialog: and greed and no regrets.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m not begging for forgiveness. I’m going to
dialog: get people to respect me for my
dialog: accomplishments, just like Jesse did.
text: SOAPY scratches his beard.
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: Do you know Joe Simmons?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’ve said pleased-to-meetcha.
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: Joe and me have been talking about you and
dialog: Creede and how things are and we thought
dialog: maybe we'd begin a saloon and gambling hall
dialog: like yours. We figure maybe we‘ll get rich by
text: Pushing de booze over de boards.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Do you think there’s much call for another
dialog: saloon? They say there’s one for every five
dialog: men as it is?
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: I'm going to get in and make the others get
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Just out of curiosity: how are you going to
dialog: do that?
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: My gang, Bob! I’m going to be the government!
dialog: I’m going to run things around here! Y’all
dialog: come over to my way of thinking or, bingo,
dialog: out you go!
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I forgot how to get scared ten years ago.
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: I figured that too.
text: SOAPY gets up:
speaker_heading: SOAPY SMITH
dialog: You and me, we're exactly alike. If the time
dialog: comes for killing Robert Ford, I guess you'll
dialog: know what I’1l do.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Like I said: Itve already been as scared as
dialog: I’ll ever be.
text: SOAPY exits and BOB goes over to the windows that look over the street.
text: He sees SOAPY laughing with his BODYGUARDS as he slogs through the
text: Snow. He sees SHOPKEEPERS greeting the man and giving way on the
dialog: sidewalk.
text: He slumps against the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. BOB & DOROTHY’S APARTMENT - DAY
text: A slaughtered cat is nailed to his door, along with a note that reads,
dialog: ‘Get out of town.’
scene_heading: INT. EXCHANGE CLUB - NIGHT
dialog: (Action as per voice-over:)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: Even as he circulated his saloon he knew that
text: the smiles disappeared when he passed by.
scene_heading: INT. EXCHANGE CLUB - DAY
dialog: (Action as per voice-over:)
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: He received so many menacing letters in the
dialog: mail that he could read them without any
dialog: reaction except curiosity.
scene_heading: INT. BOB & DOROTHY’S APARTMENT - DAY
dialog: {Action as per voice-over:)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O CONT’D)
dialog: He kept to his apartment all day, flipping
text: over playing cards, looking at his destiny in
dialog: every King and Jack.
scene_heading: INT. EXCHANGE CLUB - NIGHT
text: Fire grows like ivy over the wooden walls. Wallpaper peels up from the
text: floors. Glassware explodes.
scene_heading: EXT. EXCHANGE CLUB - NIGHT
text: A conflagration.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE OMAHA CLUB - NIGHT
text: A grand opening. Music. REVELERS spilling out onto the streets.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: Bob called his fifth saloon the Omaha Club
dialog: and the grand opening was such a success that.
dialog: Nellie Russell sought Mr. Ford out, saying
dialog: that she’d accept any job with him, even one
dialog: as a prostitute:
scene_heading: EXT. RIO GRANDE AVENUE ~ NIGHT
text: BOB and MISS NELLIE RUSSELL stand at the top of Rio Grande Avenue. BOB
text: sees the lights of cooking fires in the foothills. He hears the happy
text: uproar of the OMAHA CLUB.
speaker_heading: NELLIE RUSSELL
dialog: I could‘ve recognized you anywhere. You‘re
dialog: just like your photograph.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m not just like the boy in that photograph,
dialog: though. I’ve aged.
speaker_heading: NELLIE RUSSELL
dialog: I thought you were so daring and romantic. I
dialog: thought you were the most glamorous man
dialog: alive.
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: ~~ BOB
dialog: I get along fine with girls of ten, it’s when
dialog: they grow to be eleven or twelve that I'ma
dialog: — goner.
text: She giggles, and then her thoughts must anguish her, for she grows
text: quiet and grips her shawl around her. Silence.
speaker_heading: NELLIE RUSSELL
dialog: I guess an angel must be flying over us.
text: BOB makes no comment.
speaker_heading: NELLIE RUSSELL
dialog: The mountains are so steep everywhere! It’s
dialog: like you’re inside an envelope!
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You were going to ask me what Jesse was like.
speaker_heading: NELLIE RUSSELL
dialog: How'd you know?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: They always do.
text: BOB takes MISS RUSSELL’S elbow and they begin the descending walk back
speaker_heading: to the OMAHA CLUB.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: “ Jesse James was bigger than you can imagine,
dialog: ~ and he was hungry all the time. He ate all
text: the food in the dining room and he ate all
text: the plates and the glasses and the light off
dialog: the candles and the air out of your lungs and
dialog: the thoughts right out of your mind. You'd go
dialog: to him, wanting to be with him, wanting to be
dialog: like him, and you'd always come away missing
dialog: something.
text: BOB looks at the girl with anger, and of course she is looking
text: peculiarly at him.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: So now you know why I shot him.
text: MISS RUSSELL sights the ground as they walk, and when she speaks again
text: there is grief in her voice:
speaker_heading: NELLIE RUSSELL
dialog: My father would read to us about it from the
dialog: “newspapers he bought. He said we were living
dialog: through a great moment in history. He thought
dialog: you'd done the world a big favor.
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: On your right is the Leadville Headquarters.
dialog: Over there is the smithy’s shop. You can't
dialog: see them from here but I’ve got four green
text: tents behind the club and men go in and out
dialog: all night.
speaker_heading: NELLIE RUSSELL
dialog: You're making me sad.
text: He can see by the lights in her eyes that the girl is crying.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You ought to go back.
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Don’t work for me.
speaker_heading: NELLIE RUSSELL
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You've got your dignity yet; I wouldn't give
dialog: it away for money.
scene_heading: INT. EDWARD O KELLY’S CABIN - NIGHT
text: A rapping at the door. EDWARD O'KELLY rises from his bed and lets ina
text: figure in an orange beaver coat. O KELLY sits and scratches himself:
speaker_heading: SOAPY
dialog: You and wash soap ought to meet once or
dialog: twice.
speaker_heading: O KELLY
dialog: You woke me.
speaker_heading: SOAPY
dialog: You hear that music?
text: SOAPY lights a cigar. There’s the distant sound of a piano.
speaker_heading: SOAPY
dialog: It‘s the Omaha Club. Bob Ford’s having his
dialog: grand opening tonight.
text: O KELLY spits.
speaker_heading: O KELLY
dialog: I’1l give him a grand opening one of these
dialog: days.
text: SOAPY scratches his head.
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: SOAPY
dialog: I come to tell ya regarding that. He’s got on
text: one of his periodicals and he’s puffed
dialog: himself up to say he’s going to kill Ed Kelly
dialog: on sight.
speaker_heading: O KELLY
dialog: Why, that son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: SOAPY
dialog: And Bob’s one of the most plausible talkers I
dialog: ever seen.
speaker_heading: O KELLY
dialog: I expect he’1l ask me to turn my back first.
text: SOAPY sucks on his cigar and looks at it as he blows smoke.
speaker_heading: SOAPY
dialog: You oughta do something.
speaker_heading: O KELLY
dialog: I‘1l go down there now and give him a
text: straightening.
speaker_heading: SOAPY
dialog: I’d give it till around afternoon if I were
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. RIO GRANDE AVENUE - DAY
text: The body of MISS NELLIE RUSSELL is brought into town on a wagon pulled
text: by RAILROAD CREWMEN. The wagon passes by DOROTHY EVANS.
scene_heading: INT. BOB & DOROTHY’S APARTMENT - DAY
text: BOB is dressed in his gentleman’s clothes, affixing his cravat with an
text: opal stick pin. DOROTHY enters.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You know that girl you were talking to about
dialog: a job? She went and killed herself.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Oh, God.
text: He sits on the end of the bed and gazes at nothing for some time.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You were right not to give her a job, Bob.
text: BOB gets up and walks out of the room without saying anything. We stay
text: on DOROTHY.
dialog: 130
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: Dorothy Evans would be married in 1900 toa
dialog: Mr. James Feeney of Durango, Colorado. She
dialog: would adopt two daughters, and, according to
dialog: gossip, she would mistreat them. Her legal
dialog: marriage would be joyless and one Sunday
dialog: morning she would get into her green wedding
dialog: dress, telling her daughters she was going to
dialog: take a nap. She would then pour chloroform
text: into a cloth and press it to her nose until
dialog: she perished.
scene_heading: INT. THE OMAHA CLUB - DAY
text: BOB skims the mail and collects his subscription newspapers.
scene_heading: EXT. RIO GRANDE AVENUE - DAY
text: EDWARD O KELLY trudges towards a rendezvous.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: Edward 0. Kelly came down from Bachelor at 1
dialog: p.m. on the 8". He had no grand scheme, no
dialog: strategy, no agreement with higher
dialog: authorities, nothing beyond a vague longing
dialog: for glory and a generalized wish for revenge
dialog: against Robert Ford.
text: KELLY is joined by JOE DUVAL, who carries a twin-barrel, ten-gauge
text: shotgun. They repair themselves to a machinist’s shop. .
scene_heading: INT, MACHINIST’S SHOP - DAY
text: Here they collect metal shavings and, using a paper funnel, fill up
text: first the right shotgun barrel and then the left.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/0)
dialog: Edward O. Kelly would be ordered to serve a
dialog: life sentence in the Colorado penitentiary
dialog: for second degree murder. Over seven thousand
dialog: signatures would eventually be gathered on a
dialog: petition asking for Kelly‘s release, and in
dialog: 1902 Governor James B. Orman would pardon the
dialog: man. He would write gruesome letters to Bob
dialog: Ford's widow, but otherwise do nothing except
dialog: get arrested on charges of vagrancy and
text: ramble from one insignificant town to the
dialog: next, before his death in 1904.
scene_heading: INT. THE OMAHA CLUB - DAY
text: ELLA MAE WATERSON pours jiggers of whisky to a group of miners. BOB
text: removes his suit coat and hangs it on a nail. He then removes his
text: cartridge belt, winds it around his gun and snugs this against the cash
dialog: register.
dialog: 131
speaker_heading: MINER
dialog: You shouldn’t be wearing that stickpin again,
dialog: Bob. Opals are unlucky.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: My luck isn’t very good as it is. I guess an
dialog: opal couldn’t change it much.
speaker_heading: MINER
dialog: I hear you.
scene_heading: EXT. RIO GRANDE AVENUE to INT. OMAHA CLUB - DAY
text: We follow O KELLY as he makes his way up the street to the Omaha Club.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
dialog: There would be no eulogies for Bob, no
dialog: photographs of his body would be sold in
dialog: sundries stores, no people would crowd the
text: streets in the rain to see his funeral
dialog: cortege, no biographies would be written
dialog: about him, no children named after him, no
dialog: one would ever pay twenty-five cents to stand
text: in the rooms he grew up in.
text: O KELLY enters with his shotgun raised and catches the man who shot
text: Jesse James laughing with ELLA MAE WATERSON and giving his back to the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: O KELLY
dialog: Hello, Bob!
text: BOB turns to the greeting and we freeze on his face.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V/O)
text: The shotgun would ignite, and Ella May would
text: scream, but Robert Ford would only lay on the
text: floor and look at the ceiling, the light
text: going out of his eyes before he could find
dialog: the right words.
dialog: 
